Heard so much about them, so my boyfriend and I planned our date night there. . Making reservations was hard, all the hostess told us was to call ahead. But even for 2 people, we still had to wait about 20 minutes on a chilly night. The wait was worth it though.. . It's a very social restaurant and can also be a romantic place to take a date, as it's very dark inside, with hints of lights from the table to the walls.. . Their stuff dates is really the business, that's all I can think about. My mouth is starting to water. Their mac and cheese hit close to home. And their paella was delish as well. Our other tapas was great but the dates and mac and cheese left a great impression. The portions are small which is great, because you get to try more things out on their menu. I loved, loved their complimentary bread and butter, their butter was different and my boyfriend isn't a big fan of things like that but he killed that before we even got to order. I was too shy to ask for seconds. I wish I could have ordered that to-go if the option was available.. . They do get pretty crowded and I now understand why. As one table cleared, it was filled back up shorty after. I will definitely be back.
2nd time here. great food. fast service. great vegetarian items. This time we had patatas bravas and stuffed peppers, and both were great!
Came here for lunch, off the strip, not too many people. All the food was good, u can't go wrong, servers nice, drinks were good, mojitos and sangria good. Good solid 4.
3.5 stars.. . We didn't get out of the airport until past 8:30pm, and no one wanted to be around for the appearance ofHANGRY SUSASAURUS, so thank the lord we were seated within 2 min of entering Firefly.. . SERVICE: very good. They brought us delicious garlicky bread almost immediately upon seating us; our water glasses never went empty, and our plates were whisked away as soon as we were done. They even changed out our dirty plates for us.. . AMBIANCE: dimly lit, I can see how this is a favorite spot for pregaming before going out. It was loud and rowdy, but I had no problems with the noise level.. . FOOD: almost everything is tapas style. J and I shared:. - Octopus: J liked it-- it was good except that the octopus' texture threw me off. It was slightly mushy, which made me think that it had recently undergone a poor freeze-thaw cycle.. - Short ribs: yummy, but the sauce tasted EXACTLY like sweet and sour sauce from a place like Panda Express. It was amusing and completely unexpected.. - Lamb sausages: pretty good. A tiny bit gamy, but I still gobbled it up.. . OVERALL: a fun place to snack a bit before an epic night of partying, or just chilling for the night.
When I got to Vegas, I wanted to eat some Spanish food and I found this place through yelp. I love the atmosphere of this place. It was kind of a lounge feeling. Of course we ordered about four different things to share since we didn't really have a big appetite, but were just hungry. I loved the ceviche since it had a very lemony taste. We also had a glass of sangria which could have used more fruits in it. . . Their service was very quick and friendly. I believe this place gets really packed after 5 pm because there was a huge amount of people that started coming in. It was a friday night too.
based on single dinner at the bar. . . i was on a business trip and ended up here based on yelp recomendations from my yelp peeps back home. it was a tuesday night, but the place was still pretty busy. i ordered the chorizo clams, grlled octopus, fries, and a sangria. PLENTY of food for one.  . . the fries came out quick and the sangria was poured instantly. the octopus was excellent. the clams, well, had too much chorizo. or should i say, the chorizo didnt have enough clams. it was more of a chorizo dish than a clam dish. kind of overwhelming when expecting clams, but don't get me wrong, i'll order it again. . . overall bill was 30$ and i was stuffed. I ddnt finish the fries. id definitely go back, but would rather share the food with some company and get a chance to try more menu items...
Amazing. Just, amazing.. . We arrived at the end of the lunchtime hours for a late lunch, and I sampled my friends' fries and for myself got an order of shrimp ceviche, and the brie grilled cheese with tomato soup. My friend imbibed on some sangria, but since I was driving home after our meal I skipped the concoction in favor of some coffee.. . The food was great. Our server was attentive, right up until the point he disappeared and we later saw him halfway out of uniform, hanging out with some other people at the bar. We had to finally ask another waitress to send over our server, who was indeed a new one. No one had said anything to us about a shift change, and my friends wanted to order more food and I really wanted some more coffee. I am shorting one star for having to flag someone down to get more food and drink refills, but otherwise it was a wonderful experience. The artwork on the walls made for some great atmosphere as well!
Love this place, went here with a buddy from LA, decided to have a drink so we went to this well talked about place.  I had their Padron peppers and tuna tartare along with a bloody mary.  Great place for daytime drinks and appetizers :)  Expect to pay too much for small dishes of these delicious appetizers though...
very nice place. it has small little portions of different kinds of food with decent prices. so order at least 2 portion per person. the drinks are good too. they are not cheap and they make rich drinks. only reason i am not giving it a 5 is the location and the waiters/esses are not professional and a little dump
Very good tapas and great selection of adult beverages. Be careful though, it's easy to spend a lot of money here by ordering a lot of tasty pitchers of sangria or mojoto's then followed up by the delicious assortment of tapas.
I found this place because I stay at the Fairfield Inn next door for work when I am in Vegas. The girl at the front desk said I should try out Firefly.. I am soo glad she did. . . Their Happy Hour 3-6 pm, (but I cant remember if it is Mon-Thurs or Sun-Thurs call to double check!!) is great half off all drinks. Sangria is $6.5 a glass or $26 a pitch normally. They also have Mojito's in a variety of flavors, $7 a glass or $28 a pitcher. So during happy hour those prices are so great! . . You start out by getting a garlic bread, green olives and almond butter. Oh that almond butter is to DIE for!! But do not, I repeat DONOT eat all the bread just yet! You have to save some for the sauces the dishes come with, especially the Camarones a la Diabla! . . The service is amazing, it can get a bit crazy during the busy dinner times. But you'll never sit with a stack of dirty plates. You actually have to watch out for your plate of diabla sauce, you'll want to dip that bread that you saved!. . As for the dishes, I have tried SO many, here are my faves:. . Camarones a la Diabla- You get 7 shrimps in this amazing sweet, spicy chile garlic sauce.  (You can ask for more bread of you ate it all with your almond butter). . Tierra y Mara- Skewers of shrimp, filet, and chorizo with a spicy green salsa. . . Stuffed Dates-Date with a smoked almond in the middle wrapped in BACON! Served with a red wine reduction.  People forget to add that they are ALMONDS in the middle.... I think that's what makes it great, other than the bacon of course! Another thing to use your bread for.'. . Padron Peppers- These are under the hot tapas menu, but they're a great appetizer too. These spicy little babies are either grilled or baked to give them a slight char to them. Served with lemon, and sooner than you know it you'll want to order another plate. . . Other things I have tried, Manchego mac n cheese, empanadas both the veggie and meat, baked tetilla, lamb skewers, firefly fish sticks, and too many more to remember.
This a great place to meet up with some friends. I went here along with my other friends to celebrate the February Bdays. . I read the reviews for this place and figured "why not" and give this place a shot. What did I have to lose? Some money and not coming back (that being the worst case scenario).. The wait, I wasnt too thrilled with (had a party of 7). We waited for 45 mins. they were within their projected "wait for a table" time frame. We got thrown (not really) into the lounge area. Which was likely the most comfortable setting in the place (a lil loud, but the couches were comfy).. I liked the variety of tapas..decent prices, great ambiance..I do have to say that a few people whom were waiting for a table were a "hot mess". Lets just say that those were messes, got the party started earlier and hoping to sober up? or perhaps not ? (im thinking not..lol) Technically, they were the entertainment for the night. . Which is not guaranteed when you visit firefly.haha. . I think what made the night was ordering 2 pitchers of Mojitos.
Friendly and patient staff. Very quick to deliver. We came with a big group and the service was great. All the plates were very flavourful. You've gotta try the bacon-wrapped dates! Great tasting and loaded drinks too. Love their 2 for 1 happy hour, the sangria is especially good. Well worth the drive off the strip and more interesting food and better prices than the hotel buffets.
These are not spanish tapas, but tapas style cuisine. It is meant to be shared with the table. It is a good way to be able to sample and try a lot of different foods and flavors. They got dishes influenced from a lot of different cuisines. Some dishes we had were: sliders, calamari, bacon wrapped dates, steamed mussels, lamb skewers, and chorizo stuffed mushrooms. . . They have a nice variety and you can probably find a few that would interest you. Everything we had was good, but a bit heavy though. It could be just what we ordered. Sangria was good. Good meal and I would definately come back...if I have a car in Vegas.
Why is this place so hard to find?!?!?! We drove back and forth and must've passed it like 10 times! Don't know why...it's right there at the edge of the plaza.They need a bigger sign or something because we almost gave up! . . The food was tasty, but if I were to go back, I wouldn't order the same things. . . STUFFED DATES - these were my favorite. Very intensely sweet and salty. I wish there were more! . . MAC N CHEESE - I liked how the mac and cheese was extremely cheesy, however it was too salty. . . FILET MIGNON SLIDERS - the sliders were very yummy! I loved the cream sauce and the onion straws. There were leftover straws on the plate that I just wanted to eat up! I didn't think the "filet mignon" was all that special though...tasted like normal burger meat to me!. . FRIED CALAMARI - you can't go wrong with these, ever! . . RED WINE SANGRIA - This I did not enjoy. I wanted to see more fruit, I wanted it to be more refreshing. . . I definitely think this is a nice alternative to the typical Vegas buffets, all while getting the same great variety!
Tapa Delight. . The Gist:. . *A random strip mall with pretty intense restaurants that inhabit the place. *Cute little lounge. *I think the table an inch away is eavesdropping.... *Pitchers of sangria- too bad I'm driving straight to Cali right after!. *Small dish of olives & "croutons" came out to entice the palate . *Ceviche & both kinds of empanadas were good. *Servers were nice & cleared out plates efficiently . . My quick visit cost me about $23 for three small plates. I'll probably want to give this place another shot to taste the "must-haves" of the menu...but that depends on if anyone else is in the mood for some tapas.
Firefly was really happening! It's casual, but still has a lot to offer in terms of ambiance.  We had the gaspacho, artichoke toasts, fried calamari, and chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  All were excellent except for the mushrooms which were a little dry.  To top it off they make a good mojito.  Good food and a great price!!!
This restaurant was suggested by one of our masseuses at the Bellagio.. It is a very popular restaurant as evidenced by the folks who were waiting when we arrived.  The weather was a little cool and rainy this particular evening.  They have an adjunct semi-open patio that was open, but a little cold for some.  My wife and i opted for the patio and  were seated immediately.  It was comfortable enough under a patio heater.  Nothing like a Ketel One on the rocks to help ward off the cold. Tip:  Instead of ordering a martini, just order on the rocks.  They charge .50 extra , but they bring the drink in a large cocktail glass.  . . The tapas menu was extensive and we sampled many dishes: shrimp, filet and chorizo skewers, stuffed dates with bacon,  warm spinach salad, baked tetilla ( tomato and cheese fondue) were some of them.  I did sample their sangria and it was fruity, but not overbearingly sweet.. . If you're looking for a casual restaurant off the Strip with great tapas, then Firefly should fill the bill.  The prices are very reasonable and a nice  respite from all the glitz on the boulevard.
Preface: On Friday & Saturday nights - naturally the busiest nights - they do NOT accept reservations for small parties.  Expect about an hour wait, but the cocktail bar makes it go by quickly.. . The entire experience with Firefly was pretty good.  It was jam packed on a Saturday night when we showed at 7:30, and we did wait about an hour for our small two-top in the back corner.  The restaurant is pretty small and it was full of larger parties - more than one bachelorette party, or so I'm assuming by the amount of pink boas and other paraphanaelia I noticed.. . I enjoyed almost everything we had.  Started with a pitcher of red sangria and it was amazing.  A little sweet though; by the end of the pitcher we couldn't even finish our last glasses.  Then again, both the bf & I are dry martini drinkers, so don't let my experience sway you from trying it.. . We had the tuna tartar - awesome, shrimp ceviche - awesome, surf & turf skewers - awesome, & mac n cheese - passable.  I live for mac n cheese, and I could have lived without this one.  It was extremely sharp in flavor, and that's just not my style.. . The only thing I didn't try that I really wanted was the cherry chocolate bread pudding, which I hear is great.  Next time.. . Five stars for the atmosphere, cocktails & service.  Four stars for the packed in tables (I couldn't get out of my seat without bumping the table next to us...and I'm not a big person) and food.  Next time I'd like to try the patio seats and maybe on a weekday when it isn't so crazy packed.
thanks jujuan for taking us here for our first night in Vegas. . the food was awesome, the service was on point, and we had 6 small plates and 2 cocktails for $60. we were stuffed and couldn't even finish everything. the shrimp ceviche was fresh and yummy. . . best part, all locals there
Friday afternoon and I had to go pick up a package from MGM Grand. I looked for a new place to try out in the strip area, found Firefly and asked my husband out for dinner. . . My overall impression was very good. They have inside and patio seating. We went on a Friday around 6 o'clock and it was very crowded and load. However, the atmosphere was very warm and inviting. The front page of the menu had all their cold and warm tapas and the back side had their entrees and the drinks listed. . . At the beginning they bring complementary bread, black olives, and spread platter. OH MY, that was tasty. We even ordered a second one. . We had a peach mojito and the spicy potatoes as appetizer. Then we had paella as entree.  The potatoes were good. They were served hot and had a spicy mayo sauce over them. The paella was good, too. I have had better paella but that was in Barcelona.
I had the privilege to go here for a girlfriend's 30th birthday party. There were just 6 of us and we were seated right away at a table near the door (which was perfect so we could see our friends arrive). We started with a pitcher of red sangria, which was absolutely perfect. It goes down WAY too easy.. . We ordered dishes bit by bit. The highlights were:. Bacon wrapped dates - a must have whenever you come here. Lox on toasted brioche, creme fraiche, tomatoes, capers with a dill vinaigrette - So light and an excellent new find. Tomato basil bisque- I HATE tomato soup usually...until I tried this...served with a grilled cheese sandwich.. Calamari - will a garlic lemon aioli...not good for you but so dang tasty. . The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the ahi tuna skewers. They weren't awful but they just didn't do it for me. Too much pineapple and mango and not enough tuna. Gotta take the good with the bad.. . Our server was pretty attentive until the end. It was close to midnight and we wanted a round of shots to cheers the end of my friend's 20's. By the time he came back...there was 3 minutes left. We didn't get them until 5 minutes after so we were a bit bummed but still bid her last decade farewell.. . Overall it was a great night and we had a blast...will be back soon :)
Was a solid place to get some great food and drinks. Went in expecting to grab a snack before dinner, walked out with a $80 bill for 2 after devouring 14 plates of food, 3 drinks and desert. Left with full stomach, and couldn't have been happier! . . Food was good, tasty, but not over the top or extremely exciting. There is so many things to choose from it makes it hard to hold back. A local spot that deserves to be visited in Vegas. You'll be missing out if you don't go!
Oh my goodness , do I ever love this place.  Tapas is my absolute favorite, and this place is heavenly.  It's a few blocks off the strip (cab it people, don't walk), and it's happily not as Vegas-y and glitter-y as other Vegas establishments.  We had a variety of tapas plates, but the mac and cheese was my favorite.  The white sangria was also delicious with lots of fresh fruit.  You won't be disappointed!
Nice little place. Great atmosphere; average service; pretty people. Get the Ahi Poke if you like fish!
My wife and I visited Firefly during a recent trip to CES.  Locals and our LA friends recommended this place to us.  The food is pretty tasty.  In fact I was impressed.  I recall our waiter being super friendly.
Off the Strip with a solid tapas selection and offering giant pitchers of your choice sangria or mojito, Firefly was a great reprieve from the extravagance of Las Vegas' strip. The food wasn't necessarily phenomenal but all of the dishes were good. And the prices were very reasonable (rare considering its locale...).. . They had all of the basics - stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, patatas bravas draped in what tasted like a chipotle mayo sauce, Serrano ham and cheese croquetas (quite rich), stuffed picadillo peppers with goat cheese - and they all tasted the way they should. . . If you're in Vegas and are looking for a quick escape back to normalcy, head here to load up on some well-priced pitchers along with a satisfying sampling of small plates.
This is one of my favorite places to go to!  It's a great place, so it's always crowded, even with reservations, you'll have to wait a little.. . All the dishes are great, the waiters and bartenders are very customer oriented, but the hostesses are OK. They forget they are the first ones customers see when we walk in and they have to finish their conversations before accommodating us. Hence the 4 stars. . . This place is perfect for dates, intimate ones, and also groups- girls' night, birthdays, etc; any kind of celebration; The vibe makes you really happy yet relaxed; but never sleepy =). . They need to open up a few more!!!
I was visited Firefly last weekend on Friday night and I have to say bacon wrapped dates!  That was the best part of dinner.  The ambience was trendy and the service was quick and polite.  Besides the bacon wrapped dates, which were amazing we had the filet mignon sliders, which were good but I don't think filet mignon should be served in a burger.  It takes away from what it is.  We also had the patats bravas and skewers which were good as well.  I tried the sangria, which was good but a little too sweet and light on the alcohol for my taste.  The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because while we were waiting to be seated outside because it was so crowded all the smokers were lightiing up right outside the door and it was super gross coming from a nonsmoker.  They should designate a smoking area.  Also, we were seated outside where there are no smoking signs posted everywhere yet we saw some girls smoking on one side and none of the staff people said anything.
Firefly has excellent food when you know what order. Stay away from entree because the tapas are usually delicious. Also the mojito pitchers are delicious. Last time I went it was pomogrante flavor, so good we ordered two. The service is okay but their always super busy.
Sangria is the best in Las Vegas and you can't beat it at $3 a glass at happy hour.  Food is good not great.  Best happy hour in Vegas in my opinion.  They even bring you out a free appetizer.
My sister and I went here to experience something in Vegas with a bit of local flare and we were not disappointed! I too agree that the dates are a must have as well as the sangria! Go here if you want some great food, a good atmosphere and affordable prices!
My friend who is an ex-resident of Vegas recommended that I stop by Firefly and try their delicious tapas. The selection of tapas makes decision making for the indecisive quite difficult. Though, almost instinctively, the bacon wrapped stuffed dates caught my eye...like I have bacon radar or something. And yes, they are as yummy as my fellow yelpers have indicated. The best part, aside from the obviously delicious little crispy ruffled pork jacket gently caressing the date, was the surprise bit of almond thoughtfully placed inside date adding in the perfect crunch, texture, and flavor. We also tried the mac n cheese, which was quite rich and filling; the filet sliders, perfectly cooks little burgers with cheese and fried onions; the veggies and lentils, which were surprisingly flavorful, and the best of all, the crispy duck rolls. The duck rolls with hoisin sauce were so crispy and tender, I wanted to order two more helpings. All in all, we ordered five plates and felt pretty full afterwards. And, the bill was really reasonable. It was pretty refreshing to dine off the strip, eat a really delicious meal, and not feel like your wallet just got hijacked. We will definitely be back on our next visit.
I wish I didn't have to drive to this place from the Mandalay Bay so I could have had more sangria!. . Arrived in Vegas around 8pm.  Drove over to Firefly where there was only a 10 minute wait for the two of us.  It was a Friday night and it was busy so I was surprised the wait was so short.  Our hostess, server, and bussers were all very nice.  The sangria was so good and pretty strong.  We ordered a handful of tapas as well. . . Mushroom tart - AMAZING.  . . Veggie Empanada - Not as good as I hoped it would be.  I wish I had skipped that and ordered another mushroom tart.. . Mac 'n' cheese  - Definitely some of the best mac 'n' cheese I've ever had!. . Fries - Good but the aioli tasted like nothing :(. . I will definitely come back here the next time I'm in Vegas, but I'll be sure to either take a taxi or not be the DD!
yum! my friends and i came here for dinner on friday and lunch on sunday :) it's perfect for a girls who want a variety of yummy tapas in small but not tiny portions. we had the stuffed dates, artichoke toast, tuna tartare, veggie empanadas, mac n cheese, and more... try it, you'll like it! oh, my friends had red sangria and like it a lot, too.
Great lively atmosphere, good drinks, cool hangout spot for small groups. Too bad Latin Night (Salsa dancing) wasn't profitable enough for the place, so it got shut down, but next time I'm in LV, I'll def come back.
Went with a group of friends and had a wide selection of dishes. Very good with the octopus and lamb chops my favorites. Service was first rate.
My first impression was, "A hidden find off the strip.". . You wouldn't be able to tell from the outside all the goods this little restaurant has to offer on the inside. They have a cute little patio where you enter, and inside the ambiance is cool, mellow, and has a lounge/bar area. Little did we realize we were ordering plate after plate of Spanish tapas. The prices were very reasonable and the portions were typical of tapas entrees. We tried several, however, one thing that I crave and would definitely go back for were their stuffed dates. They were absolutely amazing. These little dates are wrapped in bacon, stuffed with smoked almonds and blue cheese, and all grilled under red wine. Sounds irresistible right? You'll see why yelpers rage about these little delectable bites. If you're planning on trying something off the tourist list while visiting Las Vegas, this is one you must try!. . The lasting impression? "Great place for small bites with a side of wine or a series of mini plates for a creative meal."
Headed to Firefly for a late lunch. Per yelpers rave reviews, tried the dates wrapped with crispy bacon and had a surprise almond inside. This was a really good combination. . . Stuffed red peppers: Very good, stuffed with creamy goat cheese and covered in red sauce.. . Calamari sautteed - can't remember what this was called but the calamari had chopped tomatoes. I didn't really like this as the calamari was very soft and mouchy. A little weird to me.. . duck rolls - big rolls deep fried with lots of shredded duck meat and hoisin sauce. Good stuff. I think if it had a little less meat and some other element like green onions. Kinda like how chinese eat peking duck that would be better.. . Also tried to be healthy by getting a Big Bowl of Salad. Refreshing, light and healthy.. . The staff was attentive, they also brought some yummy garlic bread, and the food came out super fast. The red sangria was also fabulous!
Great food and atmosphere. The dates and mac and cheese are wonderful. Ate there twice while on vacation !
What hasn't already been said about Firefly? It's one of the best restaurants in town.  Since everyone knows, I'll keep it short.. . Beautiful interior, service is superb, food is mind-blowing, diverse menu, awesome location.. . The only drawback is how busy this place can get! That's why make a reservation if you ever decide to go!. . PRO: Food, Decoration, Service are all great!. CON: Can get a bit busy and noisy during peak hours
Fun and sheik!. . Happy Hour was perfect for that hot day in Vegas - pitchers of sangria & mojito couldn't have hit the spot any better!  Loved the dark red ambiance and lounge furniture.
Great night spot if you don't mind waiting for a table or standing at the bar.  The tap pas are great although they don't update the menu very often which is a bummer.  My go to dishes are the stuffed dates and Mac & Cheese.  You really cant go wrong with anything on the menu.
Fan of Firefly! I love the stuffed dates, mac and cheese, firefly fries, and kobe sliders. I could live off those 4 items at firefly, but it's always fun to try new things because the prices are good and portions are small, so if you don't like it it won't turn into a ruined meal and also won't break the bank. We came on a week night around 730 and the place was still really busy, the nba finals was on in the bar and the place was a little rowdy, but that's fine. I like festive places!. The place is always consistent with it's food offerings, but it does seem to me that portions are getting a tiny bit smaller, the firefly fries used to come in a huge bowl, and this time it wasn't near as big. The mac and cheese used to seem bigger, but maybe that's just me, it was barely enough for two of us to share.. . The bill here is always much lower than we expect, and that's including a few drinks, and always seems to surprise us! . Firefly will continue to be a fun place to go when company is in town, my mother loves this place!. 4 solid stars
Great Vegas stop for locals AND out-of-towners!!! . . My bf and I decided to stop by here during our latest visit.  . . Here's the deal:. . - tapas style restaurant..ie small plates. - price ranged from $4-10. - sit @ the bar for the free sampler [includes 3 items--meatball, an egg/fritata thing, and bacon wrapped date]. - get a pitcher of sangria...totally worth it if you are up for a paaaartaay!. - bacon wrapped dates are the bomb.com. - all the skewers were delish. - less than 5 minutes from the strip. . highly recommended if you're tired of buffets & fast food on the strip =]
This place is fun and has great food.  I had the Crispy duck roll, Firefly fries, Empanadas, and the Mac n Cheese.  Very tasty.. . I will say that I prefer not to go when it's busy. A. The line gets long.  B. It's really loud.  This is the only reason for the 4 stars. :-). . Also, the service has also improved since the last time I was here.  Normally I have to ask for my drink to be refilled.  The buser was right on it this time, filling my drink 3 times.
The tapas size is generally larger than those tapas restaurant that I have been too. Food was delicious. The mussel dish and padron peppers were two of my favorites. Definitely would like to come back when I am in town again.
Firefly is definitely a spot I must go back to each time I take a visit to Vegas.    Their menu consists of savory small dishes called tapas and everything on there just sounded great. They serve complimentary bread. This is always a plus. I tried the Firefly fries (so addicting), thai beef salad, mushroom tart, calamari, filet mignon sliders, paella, and tempura shrimp and veggies. I shared this with five other people, and I was completely satisfied. Oh, and don't even think about leaving this place without having their dessert, specifically their tres leches cake! Absolutely amazing! I'm not a huge fan of cake, but this...this hits the spot! Overall, Firely is a nice place to dine at, especially with a date. I'm knocking off a star just because of how dim it is in there. My eye sight sort of sucks, so I had to place my cell light over the menu to read the menu. Haha
This place is quite small & off the main vegas strip, but the food here will definitely satisfy your stomach!. . Bacon-wrapped dates, sliders & firefly fries are a must try!. . Check it out whenever you're in Vegas!
Yay!  I'm a big fan!  I will definitely be back here the next time I'm in Vegas and will certainly recommend to all my friends.  Awesome vibe, reasonably priced and the drinks are sooo good.  I've never had white sangria before but one of my friends recommended it to me and so glad she did.  It was tasty and sweet and, as they say on their website, it gave me maximum enjoyment.   This place is excellent for lunch, dinner or happy hour with 50% off all drinks.  Or just stay here all day and enjoy all 3 meals of the day (yes, happy hour in my book is a meal.). . As for food, my friends and I had the stuffed dates, ham and cheese croquettes, crispy duck roll, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushroom and the merguez (spicy lamb sausage, tomato-pepper confit and grilled bread).  I could pass on the croquettes and duck roll but loved the dates, chicken/chorizo and the merguez.  Hmmmm....oh so good.  I think back on all of these oh so fondly.  I'm reading about the mac n' cheese from the other reviewers and I can't believe I missed that one - I think I was just so excited about all the yummy choices, I inexplicably overlooked it (shameful).  . . Highly recommend this place.  If you're tired of the other cheap options on the strip or can't afford to go to all of the nice places for every meal (incl happy hour), go to Firefly.  It'll be worth your while.
Great drink selection including wines, great prices and good service!  The filet sliders are beyond awesome!  . . Wayne Gorsek
We had a large group of 7 and we wanted to avoid the strip prices on our recent vegas trip.  This place is recommended by all of my local friends and very close to the strip.  We were really happy because they serve food until 2am.  We showed up at 11p.  There was a short wait for a table so we opted to put 2 tables together in the lounge.  The lounge area has lower tables and small ottoman looking stools to sit on which are pretty comfortable.. . There was light music in background..and we started with 2 ptichers of sparkling sangria.  It was amazing!  They marinate they sangria for 3 days minimum.  . . Here is what we ordered:. *Tuna tartare...fresh mixed w avocado and served w taro chips - very good. *Shrimp diablo... good kick slightly sweet - good not amazing. *Firefly fries - awesome!. *Stuffed dates..not for those watching waist but delicious - delicious! one of my favorites. *Cevicheshrimp super bland just taste of lime - would not order again. *Salsa verde chorizo shrimp skewers - one of my favorites. *Filet sliders...covered in scallion blue cheese w a home made mayo with slight kick of cayenne.  THese were good but not amazing.  I was surprised because they had such good reviews.  They come with some fried onions.  The bun was crisp so it is a well executed dish, I just wanted better flavor. . *Steak skewers w mushroom..sauce is quite bland, parlsey.  Steak cooked to a perfect medium rare - good for a simple eater.. *Mac and cheese excellent not too rich not greasy slightly crisp topping not the overwhelming cheddar taste. . This was a great spot for our group and a great light meal for preclubbing.  You can take small bites and share everything.. The lounge has great artwork that creates a sexy vibe against the red walls.. . Many large groups were around us and still eating/celebrating different occassions.  I would definitely return on my next trip.  Reasonable prices, good fun and a fun place.
So, after eating at countless restaurants on the strip we wanted to try something new. I give this place four stars instead of five because 1) the service is somewhat lacking and slow and 2) the parking issue but other than that, the food is delicious. We had a pitcher of their famous red sangria which is a definite must - sweet and perfect. We had about 8 different plates that we ordered and the portions are small so this was adequate for two people. Out of all the plates the one's that I recommend and would order again are:. *mac & cheese - really very delicious. *shrimp in lemon-garlic butter dish. * shrimp, chorizo sausage, and filet mignon skewers. *bacon wrapped dates. *ham and cheese. *firefly fries. . . For dessert we had the dessert sampler and the bread pudding. The dessert sampler is not too great and I wouldn't recommend it, but the bread pudding was actually pretty nice. . . This place is JAM PACKED and parking can be hard to find (we lucked out).Highly recommend this place though
bacon wrapped dates, so good. I've never had a date and I wasn't sure about the blue cheese, but it's just a smokey-bacony bite. . shrimp ceviche- awesomely good. sliders - ugh i could've eaten 4 of these, what do they put in here??. . ps: we thought that there was some weird sweet butter on the bread plate, but it's actually almond butter! yum
I was in Vegas working a show for about a week and hit up Firefly while there. It was a really cool, chill vibe, hard to find in Vegas. I'm vegetarian and it's sometimes a challenge to find good veg friendly food, but I succeeded admirably at Firefly! . . Things to note:. . 1) It's in a strip mall, which seems weird, but don't let it sway you.. . 2) The patatas bravas were #$*#@#-ing amazing.  Probably the best I've had a a tapas joint.. . 3) The wines are a good pour.. . The staff was friendly and nice, I was never in want of water.  Of course we were outside and even being 11pm it was balls hot out.  I had a garden salad too which was good.  I tried the veggie empanada which was okay, nothing to write home about.. . All in all Firefly was swell, I will definitely go there again.  Not too far from the strip, we were at the Riviera and I think our cab ride was about 10 bones.  Check it out if you're in Vegas and sick of the nasty buffet food.
Great little off the strip place to check out. Went here during summer at around 10pm, and didn't want to wait, so just decided to get the first available seat, outside! It was a bit miserable sitting in the heat, but that's when you get a refreshing drink to cool you down!. . As for food, almost everything we got was delicious. They use manchengo cheese for their mac n cheese that I absolutely love, and have not seen it ever used for mac n cheese. Got the sliders which were delicious, but I had to scoop off some of the cheese cuz I can only have so much blue cheese. Patata bravas were some of the best I've had at a tapas place. . I'll definitely be checking this place out again for a delicious off the trip restaurant.
I normally don't go off the strip for restaurants so this was the exception. I normally have pretty high expectations for tapas and this place didn't disappoint. We had a ton of different tapas and most were dead on. The tuna tartare was good.The stuffed peppers, albondigas and skewers were all really good. My favorite might have been the artichoke toasts. The sangria was okay and the infused vodka was actually really good. The best part is that I felt like we ate and drank a lot and the final tab was probably 1/2 of what I thought it would be! Great food for great value!
Very tasty-yes; the stuffed dates are a must.  Nice to find a place in Vegas that's not either cheesy or super high end.   Just a good place to have a nice dinner.
Good for half off drinks for happy hour! The sangrias are good. only got to try the white sparkling . .  this is all tapas style food which i love cause it is perfect for sharing.. the price was not bad at all.  $10 or less most are below 7.  Any place where they give complimentary seasoned garlic bread with yummy butter is a yes for me
After reading such good reviews on Yelp, my husband and I came here on Saturday night. What impressed us was that we arrived at probably the busiest time with no reservation, and had a minimal wait for a table. The mango mojito was definitely something I would have again, and the food was, as the other reviewers stated, very good. Not in my top ten, but I could see myself coming back and bringing friends. . . We ordered the ham & cheese croquettes, ahi tuna tartare, filet mignon sliders, crispy duck rolls w/ cherry sauce, and the dessert plate...no complaints, but next time we will probably order something different off of their expansive menu. . . Some cons - It was very dark inside, to the point that I thought my ahi tuna was tomatoes because I couldn't see. It was very very loud, but I guess that's expected at prime time on a Saturday. There was almost too many servers for the relatively small restaurant. We had a few different people come to our table, and had a hard time remembering who was our actual waiter, and who was just a busser.
We went here before a crazy night our for a bachelorette party. We organized our reservation through a VIP party package which included transportation, a show, and club access on the strip -- and dinner and drinks at Firefly! So in short - we got a great value.. . I loved almost everything that was served. My favorites being the veggie empanadas, beet salad, and spicy shrimp.. . One of our guests cannot have peppers and unfortunately there were peppers in a lot of the foods, but, I suppose this should be expected with Spanish tapas.. . The sangrias were delish! Restaurant was VERY crowded and a little loud. Ambiance was trendy and romantic - great date spot.
FINALLY! Man, after a nightmare dinner last night, I was relieved to find this place for lunch! UH MAZINGGG! Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. We shared the mushroom with puffed pastry, warm spinach salad lightly coated with balsamic and goat cheese, empenadas, and calamari with aioli. Soo soo good! Everything was moderatley priced round 4-5 per tapa, the service was on the money, and an overall great casual dining experience. If you're in Vegas I recommend this place big time!
Wow, what a nice trendy place to get a few bites and drinks before hitting the club! I came on a Thursday night and this place was definitely 'poppin' with people.. .  Myself + two decided to sit at the bar due to the quicker service.  This was only my second time here and it had been years since my first visit. A lot of tapas to choose from, creating a great variety! The prices were also very inexpensive, which already puts this place on my good list. The other 2 weren't too hungry so they opted to order a few drinks while choosing to nibble on calamari. However, I came with an empty stomach so I choose the Thai Beef Salad which sounded very appetizing at the moment. The calamari was pretty standard and would satisfy anyone's craving for this fried seafood appetizer. However, the Thai Beef salad was basically a salad with beef. Nothing in it made it Thai other than the name. . . Other than the so so salad, definitely a great experience and will be coming here more often with friends before getting our dance on at the club.
Really enjoyed the atmosphere, food, & prices. We will definitely go back again.
Great little Tapas bar just off the strip!   . . Out in Vegas for convention and to escape ACL in Austin lol.. . Used Yelp to find this place and not disappointed.   Great cozy atmosphere buzzing with life. Dark, with a great pulse, and original art on the wall.   My kind of place.  Table wait was about 45 minutes on a Wednesday but found a spot at the bar in 10 minutes.  Bar tenders were very attentive even whilst making gallons of fresh Sangria. Yum.  Have me two of those please!  Perfect!   Off to a great start so far.. . Ordered the beacon wrapped dates for starters, very tasty.  Then moved on to a Petit Felit, and Tuna Tart tart.   All good.  In between I through in a perfectly on-point mojito and finished off with some gelato.   . . All and all a very solid and a fun experience.  Compliments again to the bartenders for great service.  Always nice to find an authentic little spot off strip in Vegas.   Without Yelp I might have missed this one, you shouldn't.
Tasty Ceviche and yummy sliders.
Friends had gone on our last trip to LV and I was elsewhere. so I went with them on this next trip.  They loved it and I have to agree..it really was a nice place, cool scene but relaxed.  The food was excellent.  We had like 12 different tapas and sangria.  Really everything was pretty cool.... Definitely hitting it again next time.  With Tapas everyone has their favorite type of food so tough to say whats best.  we ordered all different types and they were all really good
OMG~ DELICIOUS!!!!!!!. . After attending my cousin's White Coat ceremony for  Touro University at Rio Hotel, we ate dinner at Firefly's.  As we waited for our waiter, we were given bread and butter.  I don't know what the butter was made out of but it was so good!  Now,  onto the REALLY GOOD stuff.. . This is what we ordered:. . *Apple and Manchego salad - GOOD. Green apple, manchego cheese, smoked almonds. . *Tuna Tartare - If you've tried Wolfgang Puck's Tuna Tartare, Firefly's comes in a close second. Marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips. . *Tuna Peppers - DELICIOUS. Smoked yellowfin tuna salad, stuffed in marinated peppers. . *Tomato-Basil Soup - Tomato soup was good but if you dip the brie in the soup, it tastes a little funky. Tomato soup with mini grilled brie sandwich. . *Veggie Empanada - OK. Spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese, red pepper aioli. . *Thai Beef Salad - I've had better at Coconut Bay or Presidente. Seared beef, thai dressing, romaine, tomato, cucumber, giner. . *Baked Filets of tilapia - SO GOOD. Marinated with herbs, lemon, garlic. . *Chicken Skewers - YUMMY. Marinated chicken, tomato, roast garlic cream. . *Crispy Duck Roll - I'm not much of a duck fan so I didn't try but everyone else loved it. Cherry hoisin sauce. . *Tierra y Mar Skewers - OK, Meat was kind of hard to pull off the skewer. Grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde. . *Filet Sliders - DELICIOUS. Mini burgers with Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions. . *Ceviche of Shrimp. Tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortillas. . *Babyback Ribs - GOOD - Meat slides right off the bone. Mango BBQ sauce. . *Camarones Ajillo - GOOD. Shrimp in lemon-garlic butter sauce. . Unfortunately, despite eating all of the glorious food, I had a stomach ache and had diarrhea.  However, I would eat Firefly's and experience diarrhea again.  I think it's worth it.  =). . The total amount was $104.32.  Not bad at all.  We split the tapas between five people and we came out stuffed.
Great food! The filet mignon sliders were delicious! Mac n cheese was good not great. Love the ambiance.
I love this place. It's great before going out. For the most part the food is appetizer style, so you won't get too full or have left overs. They have a little bit of eveything. There's fish, chicken, steak or vegetarian. And their drinks are yummy, I recomend the Sangria (they have red and white). Everyone should make this stop on their trip to Las Vegas.
I went here before a night out on the strip to celebrate my birthday and was absolutely impressed.. . the food was delicious, and we were able to get so much food, and their wonderful sangria, for an incredible price.. . this was my first tapas experience and I am hooked.  I still get cravings for their delicious truffle fries!!
This place has delicious tapas.  It is a great place to go when you want a taste of a little bit of everything.
Cozy restaurant off the beaten Vegas path. Glad we decided to cab it and go outside of the strip. Tapas is not normally my thing, BUT this was quite enjoyable. They were able to accommodate our group of 10 even after we arrived late for our reservation. And yes I would recommend a reservation, this place was pretty packed.. . The stuffed dates and the mac n cheese REALLY stood out. Definitely a good place to get the night started or even as a chill spot to have tapas and some drinks if you're looking for a mellow night.
I was pleasantly surprised. Carlos, was great, helping us choose our tapas. We will be back!!
My wife and I dined at Firefly on Paradise tonight. We ate an early dinner at 5pm on a Monday. It was also a holiday, but it wasn't as busy as I expected. Happy hour was in full swing though and the outside seating area was packed. My wife and I weren't there for the happy hour so we were seated immediately inside the restaurant. We had the option of choosing a regular table or a table with a couch. We chose the table with the couch. It's nice especially if you're planning on staying to lounge for a while.. . The service was excellent. The waiter checked up on us frequently and drinks were constantly refilled.. . Our dinner: . Empanada - $4.50, Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms - $5, Filet mignon sliders - $7.50, Paella - $20, and the Dessert platter - $12. After tax $52.97, not including gratuity. Not bad. We were both stuffed and ordered more than enough food. We even had to take some home. . . The food was pretty tasty, but it wasn't the best I've ever had. The best I've had was in NYC, but the food there is always the best in my opinion. However, Firefly is still good. If I were to go again, I wouldn't order the Filet mignon sliders and the dessert platter since they weren't as good as I'd hoped for. The Filet mignon sliders were decent, but I would skip the dessert all together.
Oh yelp, you are my favorite travel buddy!  You help me out so much and you help me impress my friends.  . . We got into Vegas late, and I knew this place served small plates and sangria late into the evening (2 am), which was just what we needed!  We hopped in a cab and were taken not far off the strip for some delicious food to share.  FYI:  from NYNY the cab ride was just under $15.  . . This place is lit in a gorgeous red hue and it's very romantic!  Their menu has many tapas options.  Here's what we chose:. -Beef and mushrooms skewers:  delicious and cooked well with a combination of yummy sauces drizzled over it.. -Veggie empanadas:  empanadas are my tapas staple.  These hit the spot!. -Stuffed red peppers:  great taste and texture!. -Pitcher of sangria:  bold flavors...they let the mixture sit for 3 days!. -Stuffed dates:  our friends ordered these and enjoyed them too.. . 4 tapas plates and a pitcher of sangria totaled:  $55, which is pretty decent for Vegas prices!. . When in Vegas again, we will be back!  There's so much more to try.
This is a great place to go if you want to get away from the Strip but you still want an upbeat atmosphere. The sangria was delicious and I loved the ceviche. The empanadas were a bit on the greasy side but they weren't terribly disappointing. This is a great place for a date. It has a local feel but it's just artificial enough to feel like the Vegas you know and love. The happy hour is fantastic but I wasn't able to make it in time. Next time I'm in town I'll definitely make another stop.
Amazing tapas place. And I'm not really a tapas guy. But my fella told me that he'd had a great experience here in the past, and wanted to check it out again.. . We stopped in and I was instantly enchanted by the aesthetic. Beautiful but understated. Liked it a lot. My dining companion ordered a bunch of things, and we sat back and waited on our drinks to arrive.. . The sparkling sangria. Oh. My. God. I could have sat and had this all day, were I not driving. It was fruity, fresh, sweet, delicious. One of the best drinks I've ever had.. . The tapas were a mixed bag, but I think that speaks more to my boy's tastes than to the quality of the food. The anchovies were (shocker) salty, the mussels were (shocker) a bit fishy. But everything else was delicious and I absolutely adored it all. . . I'll definitely return on my next trip to Vegas. No doubt about it. It was a highlight of the Vegas experience.
My friends and I decided to have a late dinner after a night of losing money and dignity - firefly definitely made up for our losses . . We all ordered three dishes each and shared it, i recommend trying as many things as you can because I have yet to have anything disappointing. Out of the 12 dishes we got only one was just average (the crispy duck roll) but even that was pretty good. My favorite two dishes of the night had to be the Ham/Cheese croquettes and the Filet Mignon sliders...i'm salivating right now thinking of them.
Fantastic food at any hour love this place!
4 1/2 Stars. . Came here on a Friday night with 2 other people and wait was about a good 20-30 minutes.  We hung out at the bar.  They have refreshing mojitos.. . The dishes themselves are fairly inexpensive, but they quickly add up.  It was a bit crowded but overall good service and even better food.. . I was weary about the food/restaurant since I hadn't had tapas before but was quickly impressed.  . . Must Try:. -Mussels. -Meatballs. -Mac and Cheese. -Croquettes. -Ribs
LOVED it!  No doubt we would return.  Everything we had we were a fan of.  I could have skipped the desert platter (I LOVE desert and it wasn't rich enough for me :) )  We were very happy :)
Love Love Love this place! One of our favorite spots in Vegas!  We always brought friends and family here when they came to visit! . . The atmosphere is great, food is great, service isn't the greatest but it won't ruin your experience! . . Must try the Stuffed Dates, the firefries, and the tapas Yum Yum Yum!! The Sangria's are awesome, and most (but not all) of the Mojitos are amazing! Stay away from the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwhich!. . Make reservations! It's ALWAYS crouded and there is ALWAYS a wait no matter what day or time!
This is where the locals hang out. The place wasn't crowded and it was off the strip. I know when you go to Vegas you want to go all out and do all the touristy things, but for me... I like to hang out with the locals as well. The food was great and the place has a nice atmosphere. I love tapas style places. Definitely a good place to take a break from all of Vegas glam.
A great place for visitors and locals. It's got the local feel but the proximity to the strip makes it a great option for the visiting crowd. I highly recommend a reservation if you don't show up early. It's located in a small strip mall with lots of parking.. . For three of us, we got out under $60 (not including tip). The food was generally very good. However, there was one foul item - baked tilapia. This came as a recommendation, but the fish didn't taste fresh. It tasted like the frozen filets I get from Walmart.. . The mushroom tart was a really nice portion. I'm not a fan of cream cheese and since Boursin is like cream cheese, I strayed away from the cheesiest parts. Anything puff pastry and mushrooms is good in my book and it was a hit with my tablemates.. . The tuna tartare was delicious. The taro chips were a nice addition - texture and flavor-wise. The three chips only lasted through half of the tartare so I would recommend you save your free bread and use that. Frankly, the tartare was seasoned nicely enough that I had no problem eating it alone!. . The ham a cheese croquetas were like an upscale hot pocket. There are three to an order and it was just good enough for a taste. Good comfort food.. . The crispy duck roll was a hit with one but I wasn't wowed by it. It just seemed like a shredded pork egg roll with some hoisin sauce and chopped scallions. Solid, but I won't be ordering this next time.. . The lobster escargots were FANTASTIC. I hope this is a consistently cooked dish because everyone should try this once. The lobster was cooked just enough so it was super tender and had great flavor. A definite repeat for my next visit.. . I had the paradise mojito based on some other reviews. The flavor was nice, but if you're not a fan of chewing your drink (minced mint), I would steer clear of this. It didn't become much of an issue, but I was careful every time I took a sip that small chunks of mint didn't get caught in my throat.. . Service was great and food comes out of the kitchen very fast so we were in and out in about an hour. We left when happy hour ended and there were quite a few parties waiting for a table.
Went here based on the yelp reviews and yes because I saw it on tv.   We pretty much ordered what the other yelpers said were must haves and a couple of things to our tasting. Everything was very flavorful and decent portions considering they are tapas and supposed to be small plates.  We ordered the stuffed dates which was the smallest portion and after one bite you know why, they were really rich and sweet, this was not my favorite thing and probably will not order this again. We also ordered the filet mignon sliders (yummy),the firefly fries (a must), steamed mussels (I think we should have ordered the clams instead), and the calamari ( fresh but the star was the dipping sauce). My only complaint was the sangria, it tasted watered down and didn't include any fruit which I think is a must with sangria. Overall a very cool place to hit away from the strip.
I adore Firefly, but you all have to admit that this location is getting a little worn around the edges.  The place is dark but not so dark that I can't see the holes in the couches.  Still, the tapas and sangria are great.  I think the bacon-wrapped dates taste better at this location, although it could be that I always tend to be drunker at this location.. . The sangria is a little ice intensive when you get it by the pitcher, which is fine.  But usually I end up with a ton of ice and a tiny bit of sangria.  I take one sip and my glass is empty and my co-workers think I am a lush.  Occasionally, they use a cocktail strainer to pour the sangria from the pitcher but they aren't consistent about that and I really wish they would be.  There is only so much ice I need.. . I have fond memories from this location and I love the food but I think this location needs a bit of an overhaul.
Dined here on a Sunday afternoon on 11/27/11 for my husband's birthday lunch.  He originally was in the mood for burgers and fries and as we were driving down the road I spotted this place and remembered it was the many restaurants I bookmarked on YELP.  :)  Service was pretty fast, and friendly.  They were not busy at all, so it may be best to come here on Sunday afternoons if you want to avoid the crowds.  . . We ordered the following items:  Firefly fries (my hubby was craving fries), Firefly fish sticks, Filet Mignon sliders and ceviche.  Yes, I know these are weird items to order at a tapas place, but let me tell you everything was really delicious!!!  We really enjoyed the fries and fish sticks and the dipping sauces that came with them.  For dessert we had the passion fruit cheesecake and tres leches chocolate cake.  The passion fruit cheesecake was too tart for my liking, but the tres leches cake was very good.  . . We will definitely be coming back here again, and trying something new.  :)
Great place for dates!  Smooth atmosphere, reasonably priced, and the food is great.  Firefly is the only place I go for Tapas in Vegas.
I'd say out of the 5 to 6 times I've been here only once have I had a bad experience where both the food and service struggled to shine. Like many incredibly busy restaurants hey begin to falter when the tickets start to roll and stampede in during peak hours, but for the most part I've only had pleasurable memories when dining at Firefly. Its great for those that are on that baller on a budget as well as bringing a group of friends looking to lightly pre-game and/or fill up before a night of revelry. The stuffed dates, live, fun, causal atmosphere always does it for me. I'm due for a visit soon.. . Don't forget to grab that pitcher of sangria for more laughs and good times.
LOVE this place. I always go here when I visit Vegas. Its a very cute place and definitely very happening at all hours. They have plenty of tables and can easily accompany a large party. its dimly lit in the evening which makes it both fun and romantic. They also serve delicious pitchers of sangria. portions are slightly larger than I'm used to for tapas (which is a plus for us anyway). I think every item on the menu is equally delicious. Ok now for the food breakdown, please forgive me if I'm off in titling the food items.... . -Steamed mussels- one of my favorites here! Its a generous serving of mussels in what seems like a thai like curry sauce. . -Lobster escargot- lobster pieces served in a garlic butter sauce, a must try for sure. -Charizo clams- serviced in a great and very light sauce, i think its white wine and something else. -ham and cheese croquets- i know it sounds boring and lame, but they make it really well!!. -lamb skewers- not overly cooked, served on a bed of lentils. -Apple and manchego salad- strips of apple and manchego cheese. sounds odd but they go very nicely together. -Tuna tartare- diced cubes of raw tuna with avocado served with taro chips. The taro chips are very nice and light. Baked filets of tilapia- good, but doesn't stand out against the other dishes. The sauce is very simple. Camarones a la diabla- grilled shrimp in a nice spicy chile sauce. LOVE this dish
Couple of my friends who lives in Vegas highly this tapa restaurant.. . So we just flew in late night, I'm thinking this will be a perfect place for late night snack.  So my husband and I went to this very cool restaurant around 11ish pm.  They got some sofa area, very casual plus some latino music.  It's a very nice place for hanging out with friends for dinner or party.. . My top 2 choices are tuna tartare and stuffed dates.  I usually don't like to eat dates, but they made very decilous.  They use almond to replace the seend which is very neat and the bacon wraped around the sweet dates.  Very nice!. . I also tried Filet Mignon, Terra y Mare Skewer, Manchego Mac and Cheese.  They are not bad.  I will definitely come back again with my friend.  She said I gotta try the mussels the next time :)
Great fun with darn good food.  Night crowd is full of eye candy too!  Good drinks.
I love firefly...Best Tapas in Vegas. Food is reasonably priced and so are the drinks. Don't forget to try the Sangria., and don't let the strip mall fool you either. The vibe inside the restaurant is always fun and hip with a lot of younger crowd. I have probably been to Firefly more than any other restaurant in town.
If you want to get off the Vegas strip for some tapas dining, I highly recommend this place. Fun and vibrant place that fills up. All the tapas are great and the Sangria makes is good as well.
Love this place been going for YEARS and it's always consistent. Great food great drinks and good service. Can never go wrong. Love the stuffed peppers!
Very nice food choices! I had their lamp chop, beef, mussels and clams. Clams weren't too great because they were way too small and some had sands in them. Mussel were small too but they were fresh and prefectly cooked.. . Their "full bar" wasn't full at all, they didn't have my favorite Macallan 12; their red wine selection seemed to be a lot more nicer though - one star off. . . A very nice place to go if you arriving Las Vegas late, they open till 2am.
Every bite was delicious!  You can't go wrong here.  Servers were friendly and helpful.  They even called a cab for us to get back to our hotel on the strip after the meal.  Definitely worth trying if you're visiting the area.  Don't forget to save room for dessert!
This spot is where you bring the ladies to on a first date fellas!!!!  Get them a glass of Sangria and some  bacon wrapped dates and they are all yours! HA! Love this place,,,,,i bring all my ladies here
Good food not overly priced.
Great food. Especially the Paella. Everything was just a tad pricey, but the atmosphere was good (lounge-type) and the Sangria was excellent. According to one member of our party, the mojito was amazing. Late night eateries are obviously common in Sin City, but not many are upscale like this.
Great place for Tapas.  . . Try the regular Mojito, it's the Bomb.  No need to get the pitcher as it works out to the same as buying individual mojitos & they have a tendency to knock you on your butt.  . . The food has never disappointed, the sauce that comes with the Firefly fries is so good I could DRINK it!  . . The service is good, but not "stellar" which is my criteria for 5 stars.. . It gets packed on weekends, so beware!. . Don't pass this one up!
3 stars for the taste of food, 4 stars for lively atmosphere.. . I love small plates of food because you have many options and many different flavors. Although I was eating different items, I could not find a dish that was so stellar that  I yearned for when I lie in bed. My tastebuds weren't on fire but I was OK with that because I was having a lot of fun catching up with my friends who were vacationing from California. We were chatting and picking at food and when we got thirsty we had a gulp of sangria and went back to chatting and picking at food. In the end, we ate and drank everything. I think this is a great place to hang out, eat a little to hold you over for dinner, and loosen up for the night ahead. So don't expect an excellent meal here but do expect to have a good time with your buddies!
Food was fabulous and the sangria was the best I've ever had!! The ambiance brings it all together :) Wonderful find outside of the strip.. . Attended March of 2010, 2 years later and I still remember the experience and will definitely return in fact we already have reservations for banquet service for our upcoming trip back to Vegas.. . Bottom line: highly recommend, you have to definitely try this place out.
Great food, fast and pleasant service! will definitely be going back! perfect for a date night or a double date
I love this place, great food with nice decor.  We ordered probably 10 tapas plus Paella.  The Tuna Tartare, Stuffed Dates, Camarones A La Diabla, Mushroom Tart...everything we ordered were  delicious.  Their Sangria was also pretty amazing.  I also feel fresh since it is off the strip, not those typical casino restaurants.  I will definitely go back to try more different dishes.
For our sixth date what an atmosphere :) Lilly and I needed girls night out!! Everything from the music to the food to the table candles was wonderful!! The server was friendly and the food came in great time and tasted great!! :) . . . We would return to firefly before looking for a new hot spot! :) Xo
I came to Firefly before the drive back to San Diego on a Sunday evening.  We had a group of 9 but got seated promptly at around 7pm.  There are two rooms to the restaurant so it's larger than you think.. . I've only had tapas once before, but the general rule seems to be an average of 2 plates per person if you're not big eaters.  With a large group, its always hard to share small dishes so we split into smaller groups for sharing.  We also ordered a pitcher of sangria for 3 people.  . . Recap: Sangria was good.  The lobster escargot is presented in the same manner as escargot - extremely buttery and delicious.  Tuna tartare was really average - similar to all other tuna tartare can get at other restaurants, imo.  We had some other dishes too but nothing really stood out in my mind.  My absolute favorite is the manchego mac and cheese.  I love mac and cheese.  I've never had manchego cheese, but now I also love manchego cheese.  This mac and cheese is on the cheesier side compared to most I've had so you really gotta love cheese for this.  The dish is small but it is so rich that each person really only needs a small amount to be satisfied.  The baked crust on top was perfect.. . Definitely worth giving this place a try, especially if you're sick of eating the overpriced food on the strip or buffets.
The gf never been and wanted to try this place and for so long, I kept saying it's overrated as I've been quite a few times and it was very average at best.  So last week, felt like hanging out more than eating so decided to take her to a great hang out spot: yup, Firefly, where there's always a nice crowd.. . Surprise, surprise. Since I was the veteran, I ordered the mojito, bacon wrapped dates, the lobster escargot, and the Ribeye with Firefly fries. All of it was not bad at all.. . The knock was for the lobster escargot. When it came out, I thought the server had served us someone's leftover by mistake but to our surprise, that's it. Picture about 6 little lumps the size of m&m's if not smaller served in a garlic plate.  True story, after eating about 2 little lumps, the busser came by and asked if we were done with the dish, and I looked at him and he looked at me and realized that we had just started on the dish. Despite this little awkwardness, the service was excellent. I will be coming back more often.. . Note: I always hear that Firefly is cheap. It's not. The menu price is deceiving because the portions are SO small that I've never walked out of that place for less than $50 for 2 despite usually not even drinking alcohol.
Pretty great with great prices
Firefly has been on my list for a couple years now.  Last night, I finally made it.  I love the intimate decor of this place after dark.  The service was friendly and the food was good.  By the time we left, the place was mobbed!  We ordered several plates.. . Pulpo Asado:  mm-mm-mm, good!  the octopus was grilled to perfection.. Warm Spinach Salad:  Excellent!  I loved the vinaigrette that was tossed with this salad and the pine nuts were crunchy and fresh.  I cannot stand stale nuts.. Potatas Bravas:  a bit burnt with a crisp which I loved.. Firefly Fries:  I could have eaten several plates of this and could have sipped the aioli with a straw.  My goodness.. Baked Tilapia:  a delight.  Tilapia is not my favorite fish, but at FF it is.. Meatballs in Tomato Sherry Sauce:  Okay, not a highlight.. Gelato Trio:  Chocolate - check, vanilla - check, pistachio - ehhhh.  But that is a personal thing.  I don't like pistachio.. . Overall, a great first experience at FF.  I'll be back.
Firefly is a tapas restaurant that I'd happily welcome into my own neighborhood.  It serves moderately priced tapas off the strip.  It is obvious that this is a local gem whose value is probably overlooked as people flock to Michelin starred restaurants just blocks away.  . . We started with the blue cheese, bacon wrapped stuffed dates.  These were very roasty, the bacon was crisped almost too much but they were certainly crunchy.  I liked the added crunch of the smoked almond.  The red wine reduction was interesting.  It was a very thin sauce that struggled to cling onto the food.  Sweet date, rich cheese, crunchy pork fat, smoky almond, acidic sauce - it was nice. . . The chicken skewers were one of our favorite items.  I would have never ordered them because nothing sounds more boring to me than grilled chicken.  To my surprise, the chicken was well marinated and extremely flavorful.  I really liked the roasted tomato and the garlic cream sauce.  It was also a very generous serving with quite a few skewers. . . Another favorite was the pulpo asada.  The octopus had been marinated and grilled.  It was tender and smoky with enough chew to make you remember and appreciate what it is. . . There were some dishes that were less successful.  The manchego macaroni and cheese was not well-received.  It was heavy and greasy with puddles of oil across the top of the baking dish.  The baby back ribs with a mango bbq sauce were boiled tender but otherwise not really memorable.  The mango bbq sauce was not was surprisingly boring as I expected something sweeter, tangier, or more tropical perhaps.  The dessert, a chocolate tres leches had an identity crisis.  Itwas not as creamy and milky as a regular tres leches and not as rich as a normal chocolate dessert leaving it ho hum.  . . Even though I did not love every single dish, every single dish was solid and tasty.  The greatest selling point was perhaps the price and the value - good food accented by great food.
This place is not far at all from the strip, so people without cars can make the lil trek up here, too.. . Come during hh, when all drinks are half off from 3-5pm. I got the sparkling sangria for $3.50, which was sweet and tasty! The steak and mushroom skewers were super filling, loved how the mac n cheese came out hot and crispy, and those dates were unique. Btw I LOVED the bread with the almond butter (had about 8 or so slices of it!).. . We all only needed about one dish to get pretty full. Yummm I'll be back!
Macand cheese is very good. Paella was a bit lacking. Firefly Fries were pretty delicious too. Roasted potatoes were a bit raw for my liking. Sweet n spicy shrimp tasted Chinese. . . I am aware that Rachael Ray has visited here, but despite that fact, the food was actually good. Ill return for mac and cheese from here ANYDAY.
As a vegetarian dragging a Spanish boy into a restaurant off the strip I was nervously skeptical. There were 9 of us dining and not one of us had a complaint about food, service, drinks or price. The tapas were larger than you would find in Spain, or so I was told, but aesthetically and pallately pleasing. The wines were delicious featuring popular Spanish, Argentinean, and Californian wines. We had pitchers of strong tasty sangria and mojitos and spent a solid three hours laughing and eating. I highly recommend this place to any one looking for a delish tapas bar in Las Vegas. . . The patatas bravas were under cooked inside, crispy on the outside and way too oily, but the artichoke appetizer is to DIE for. . . The service was prompt and friendly but some of our orders went to other tables and some other tables' food came to ours! Is that really a reason to dock them a whole star? No; but that and the lack of tiny tapas (showcasing the American need to have everything "bigger and better") are good reasons. Overall, I loved the experience and would gladly dine there again.
Of course, let me just preface this by saying that Firefly has always been and will continue to be my favorite tapas restaurant here in Vegas.  Tonight's experience however, didn't WOW me as others have in the past, for a few reasons:. . 1. The hostess staff was, to say the least, inconsistent and a little rude.  Prior to our arrival, I called this location to possibly get a reservation set for two people, as they are always busy.  The hostess informed me that they aren't accepting reservations, however, there is NO wait and to just come on in.  When we got there 10 minutes later, the same young woman who answered my call informed me that there was a 20 minute wait.  Hungry at this point, I explained that I had called earlier to request a reservation to prevent this situation from happening.  I was rudely interrupted with a "that's correct, we are not taking reservations."  Giving this young lady the benefit of the doubt (and not wanting to make a scene), we then sat down on the chairs in front of the hostess podium.  It was shortly after that, where a group of 4 approach the podium and inform the hostess that they had a reservation tonight.  To my surprise, there was in fact, a reservation set for them!  I'm really glad, though, that my table for 2 was also ready at the very moment.... . 2.  We ordered a lot of different tapas and drinks, as this was the first time my friend has been to Firefly.  Here are the Tapas ordered and my review for each:. . Red Wine Sangria-The taste is super potent, however, this is why I love their sangria.  What I look forward to, when it comes to their sangria, are the little chopped chunks of fruit floating in this drink.  The only thing floating in our pitcher tonight was ice.  What a disappointment.  Trust me though, that didn't stop us from finishing that pitcher.. . Stuffed Dates-C'mon!  Who doesn't love a bacon wrapped date, stuffed with smoked almonds and blue cheese over a red wine reduction sauce.  Yum-o.  This dish has always been and always will be "on point" for me.  You get a salty taste, obviously from the bacon and blue cheese, combined with the sweetness from the dates.  This dish is "AH-MAZE-ING!". . Firefly Fries-I honestly think I've these same fries at PT's Bar before.  Not as a dig to Firefly, but I think the aioli is what I think they use to distinguish this dish from other competition.  To me however, the aioli is their way of dressing up the word "mayonnaise," as that aioli is nothing but mayo.. . Comorones A La Diabla-One of my favorite tapas dishes at Firefly.  I think the simplicity of the dish makes it so enjoyable for me.  Shrimp sauteed in a sweet-spicy chile sauce and accompanied with grilled sliced bread to mop up the leftover sauce.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked and the grilled bread really helped me to clean off that plate.. . Lobster Escargots-I always love to commend restaurants for thinking outside the box and presenting dishes in a creative way.  Please know that the word escargots is accompanied with quotation marks because you're just eating lobster meat, prepared and presented to look like escargots.  In my personal opinion, I think it was just their way of serving less.  The dish didn't really make an impression.  Lobster meat in butter, garlic and herbs.  You'll get more for your money at Red Lobster.. . Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms-I love a good mushroom.  This dish really offered that to me, in terms of the mushroom being cooked perfectly.  Not too over cooked, not to undercooked.  What kind of killed the dish for me was the chicken and chorizo combo. It was ball of mushy dryness that ruined the overall dish for me.  Thank goodness the melted cheese on top was there! . . Crispy Duck Roll-In my eyes, probably the worse dish I've had at Firefly.  The Hoisin sauce was too tart, the duck was SUPER dry and grinded up, causing this really weird texture combination for me.  Not a good dish.  As a suggestion, maybe using chunks of dark meat, not grinded and searing the meat prior to stuffing the roll and deep frying.  Not "on point" at all.. . Lamb Skewers-Let me just say that when I started coming to Firefly 3 years ago, this has always been my number 1 favorite dish to order.  I love lamb, I love lentils and I love the combination of the two.  Tonight was no different.  This dish really makes my heart sing lol.  The seared, medium rare lamb meat skewered, on a bed of lentils, tomatoes and red wine reduction, really makes this dish soar to new heights.  This dish is truly, the reason why I keep coming back to this restaurant.. . Overall, my love for this restaurant will always supercede the love I have for other tapas restaurants.  Tonight's experience was mediocre at best, however, the reason for my 4 star rating is that Firefly's ambiance really shows me that this restaurant "gets it."  The vibe is very intimate, very chill, very hip.  It feels trendy, refined and chic.  I have been there many times and will continue to go there for years to come.
Every time me and my SO come out to Las Vegas, we try to make it a point to come out to firefly.. . The food is good and consistent, sangria is delicious, and service is stellar.. . Difficulty may be be met if you're trying to come here before hitting up the clubs on the strip due to crowds and timing so be sure to plan ahead.  Otherwise, I recommend coming here for lunch when service is a bit more tame and you have time to enjoy yourself without having to worry if you'll get back in time to get in the door somewhere else on the strip.. . Favorites of ours include the paella, terra y mare skewers, camarones a la diabla and of course the sangria.
This place was absolutely delicious! I loved everything I ordered especially the mushroom thing! it was soooo good!! Also, the sparkling sangria is really delicious as well.. . My only thing against the place was that every time I go there's a loooooong wait, even when I call ahead. Nonetheless, i'll still continue to go :)
I adore this place. It can be a little bit loud, especially later, but it's fun, it's delicious and it's quality! Order a pitcher of Sangria and dig in! Popular with locals & tourists - I bring all my friends here when they're visiting from out of town.... . MUST TRY: Banana & Nutella sandwich for dessert. Sooo good!
Have you ever glanced over a menu and had the urge to order practically everything, but resisted because you otherwise would have a plethora of to-go boxes to take home?  Well, thanks to small plate servings such as dim sum and tapas, adventurous foodies can now have their cake and eat (all of) it too!. . This past weekend, a few friends and I trekked over to Sin City to celebrate a dear friend's twenty-seventh birthday.  After checking into the Vdara Hotel (which is simply gorgeous in a minimal and contemporary fashion), we taxied off the Strip and arrived at Firefly to meet with some new friends for birthday dinner #1.  Since some of us skipped on breakfast and/orlunch, the ladies and I got a tad carried away with ordering.  But hey, we were planning on sharing.  And you know what they say, sharing is caring!. . Amongst the extensive tapas offered, our entire group of seven probably ordered about a quarter to a third of the list (there were so many plates in rotation during dinner that I might have forgotten an item or few.). . *Tuna Tar tare. Smoked Salmon Toast. *Stuffed Dates. Sausage Plate. Thai Beef Salad. Stuffed Peppers. *Manchego Mac N Cheese. Fried Calamari. *Steamed Mussels. Lobster 'Escargots'. *Ham & Cheese Croquetas. Steak & Mushroom Skewers. Crispy Duck Roll. Paella. *Flavored Mojitos. . * = personal favorites. .  Although all the plates were delicious, I had a few noteworthy items that I wanted to spotlight. . . Stuffed Dates: It's been a few days since our tapas dinner yet I can still taste the delicious flavors of the dates.  The bacon that wrapped around the date & bleu cheese was cooked perfectly - slightly crispy but still chewy enough to enjoy each bite.  The sharpness of bleu cheese was a wonderful compliment to the sweetness of the dates, all enhanced with a red wine reduction glaze.. . Steamed Mussels:  I'm not a huge advocate of mussels, but these were pretty darn tasty.  No, not because of the mussels itself, but because of the aromatic coconut curry sauce that it basked in.  Coming from a Southeast Asian background, I have a strong appreciation for cuisines that infuse coconut into its entrees as well as desserts.  The concoction was so good that we were all dipping our bread into the sauce, long after the mussels cleared out.. . Ham & Cheese Croquetas:  I absolutely love the chicken croquettes at Portos Bakery (Burbank, CA) and never failed to order some when I'm dining elsewhere.  The smokiness of the Serrano ham and the buttery texture of the melted Manchego cheese was a match made in food heaven.  If we didn't already have a quarter of the menu sprawled out on our table, I would have suggested ordering seconds!. . I was extremely surprised at the serving portions of each tapas plate.  After my last experience at Viva Madrid (Claremont, CA), I anticipated on having to pick up a snack on the way back to the hotel.  Luckily, that was far from the case at Firefly.  The portions were generous and sufficient to share amongst the seven of us.  Also, if a pitcher of mojitos is on your list, I would suggest the Mango flavored one - delish!. . Would it be wrong of me to say that I want to come back to LV just for Firefly?
You have to make a trip to firefly at least once if you live out here. Or if you don't. I'm not a huge fan of the concept of tapas, but these guys sold me on it fairly well. I had several pickings, including a delicious red kabob skewer that really stood out. Some cheesy fry like thing that I can't remember but I do recall was pretty tasty. Even the bread and butter is good here. And you definitely have to order a pitcher of the sangria. To the more budget minded diner, I highly recommend you take advantage of their reasonable happy hour when you have the opportunity. Tasty treats, unique dining experience, cool ambience--there's plenty to love about Firefly.
As in most Tapas bars you can really spend some money here on a meal. The food was pretty good and the dishes were very unique.
This was everything I could have asked for in a dinner experience. . . We had a busy night ahead, so we planned for an early dinner. Even at 5pm on a Wednesday, it was pretty hopping, but with no wait. We inadvertently arrived during happy hour, so our drinks were 1/2 price...a very pleasant surprise when we got the bill.. . Speaking of drinks, they had by far the best sangria I've ever had...3 days of steeping will do that. Their pomegranate mojitos and martinis were also incredible. . . Between the two of us, we shared 4 plates, which was plenty to be on the verge of stuffed. The plates were bigger than I expected and every dish was wonderful in its own right.. . The Mushroom Tart was very tasty, with flaky buttery layers in the tart, a hearty and deeply flavorful mushroom sauce, and tender, thiny sliced mushrooms...and that was the dish we were least excited about :). . The Tuna Tartare was to die for. It literally melted in your mouth, with bit of avocado, sesame seeds and other flavors that blended together for the perfect balance, servedwith thin crisps that offered a lovely texture contrast.. . The Thai Beef Salad had thin, seared slivers of tender beef, cucumbers, ginger, and a fresh savory dressing over a crispy romaine bed of lettuce. I could have consumed my body weight in it, and never felt guilty.. . And the best for last - the Petite Filet - was hands-down our favorite. The steak was tender and beautifully prepared. The roasted potatoes were seasoned with something I couldn't put my finger on, but I'd really love to track it down...it was amazing. Add a bit of sauteed mushrooms and it was a dish that was a masterpiece.. . All that culinary joy, plus 3 delicious drinks and tip came in under $60 during happy hour. I can't recommend the quality for price point more!. . The atmosphere was hip and a little close. You'll definitely be sitting next to your neighboring diners closely enough that they could lean over and ask what that dish is that is making your eyes roll back in your head, so I wouldn't expect a private romantic dinner. But it was a lively, fun environment with friendly, attentive waitstaff (ours had an impressively tall Mohawk). . . All in all, I see what the hype is all about!
I really do love this place. And if I had reviewed them a few years ago, they'd have definitely gotten 5 stars, but I think I've gotten pickier now. . . It's a great place for a group, so you can try more tapas. Pitchers of sangria always make the mood more festive. They've got an excellent patio for beautiful afternoons or evenings (afternoons are more peaceful- this place gets BUSY at night). And their bacon wrapped dates and potatas bravas are some of my favorites. . . It does get loud when it's busy, so a tough place to catch up with old friends. And service can be hit or miss. And really, I've easily had better sangria and mojitos... But you're going for the atmosphere, bc this restaurant doesn't feel like it's in Vegas...  and the dates and potatas of course :)
This is such a great little joint.  We hung out with a group for happy hour and the drinks were great as well as their appetizers! It was a great atmosphere! We will be going here when we go to Vegas.
Came here last Saturday for an early dinner with the gals. The location of Firefly is a few miles away the strip and near a corporate plaza (which reminded us of Orange County). Since we got there early (before 6 PM), there was no wait but the place was still more than half full. The restaurant has a nice, cozy, intimate feel with dark red interiors.. . Everyone got a glass of white sangria but I opted for an Amstel light since I'm not a fan of fruity, sweet drinks. We all ordered 2 plates each but I ordered 4 since I was starving and wanted to try a few more plates.. . From the plates I sample, my favorites were:. . Ham and Cheese Croquetas - This was a flavor explosion in the mouth! I loved the rich cheese mixed with the tasty ham and the crispy outside batter. There was some sauce drizzled on top but I couldn't make out what it was. . Camarones Al Ajillo  - So.Freaking.Good. The shrimp was fresh and cooked perfectly. The butter sauce was delicious - I wanted to drink it with a spoon. Next time, I will try the Camarones A La Diabla since that one has a spicy kick to it.. .  Petite Filet - Despite the filet being cooked pretty much well done (I asked for medium), it was still very tender. It would've been 10x better if there was some red left in the meat. . . All in all, this is a great place for a date or a group outting. The atmosphere is pretty casual and laid back but the ambiance is fantastic. We're planning another girl's trip this summer and we're definitely planning on coming back here!
A group of about 15 of us had dinner here before a bachelorette night out. The food was fantastic. We had a selection of five tapas that just kept appearing on our table like something out of a dream. The filet medallions and stuffed dates were my favorites. The service was a bit slow at first but once the first round of food came out it got better. The drinks were a little pricey, but the sangria was good and they had a good Spanish beer as well. I go out to Vegas once a year for business and I will definitely be back.
For sure get the dates wrapped in bacon they are delishhhhhh!!!! I was here with a large group this weekend, we enjoyed every single thing we ordered!! I cant remember the names of everything because we also had pitchers of sangria, but let me try, there were mushrooms stuffed with chorizo and chicken they were so good! And then all the skewers were good, we had chicken and lamb. The bread they serve you before the meal is also yummy! I will definitely eat at Firefly next time I am in Vegas!
I'm really kicking myself for not remembering exactly what I got here. It was something like filet mignon sliders and some type of shrimp diablo. Usually, I forget what I order because the food was bland and/or gross. This time I forgot because it was a late, Thursday night after a transcontinental flight, and I was eating with a cousin I see only once every 4-5 years. I was so confused from being both tired and excited that I barely remember eating.. . What I do remember is this place was packed!! Our food did taste great (whatever it was) and came with nice portions and reasonable prices. This was a much better experience with Spanish/Mexican food than my almost fail with Cabo Wabo on the Vegas strip. The place is literally a few blocks away from The Hard Rock Hotel, and. it's worth a cab ride from the strip there. Also, they have an excellent mojito!
Came here and tried a few things my favorites were the garlic shrimp, stuffed dates, filet mignon sliders and the firefly fries. I also tried the duck, chorizo mussles and the enpanadas those were good but nothing to rave about. The white sangria was okay nothing special.. Finished off with flan and nutella sandwich, the flan was to die for.. This place its really cozy great for a date or a night out with friends. The service was superb.
Awesome food, great people to meet and great sangria!! A gem that isn't far from the strip! One of my favorite places to go in LV!
amazing food and prices , the customer service sucks though
Went to the Firefly restaurant based upon their menu. The food was really good, good service from Jesus and the people sitting next to us offered us tastes of their food since this was our first Tim at the restaurant. The only issue was the sound level in the restaurant, it was packed (with good reason) and as a result noisy. The Padilla was very good, the sausage plate and the Serrano Jason plates reminded me of Spain. Mainly locals in the restaurant, great food, reasonable prices and good sangria (we had red). If you are in Las Vegas and like tapas' go to Firefly. I would give 5 for food and 3 for ambiance, so a 4.
Ask the locals and they'll all tell you to go to Firefly. Great place about a block away from the strip that touches all your senses! . Sexy dark ambiance more on the casual-chic side.. Service is meh.. Food is AMAZEBALLS!. Wine, tapas and good company...what more could you want?. . So 4 girls walk in to this place and had to seat themselves and wave down a waiter after a long wait. Menu has a great selection of items. Bacon wrapped dates are great. Manchego mac and cheeze is to die for, Tuna tartare is ok, Baby beet salad is :), Camarones a la diabla MAS POR FAVOR!, Petite Filet my fav, stuffed mushrooms you can't go wrong, Lamb Skewers bueno, and steamed mussels gotta have em! Four girls left stuffed and ready for a nap. Speechless none the less. . . You are doing yourself a diservice if you don't try this place! Wish we had one in LA :(
Coming from the east coast to visit, I wanted to get away from the strip to have lunch.  So my friends thought it be a great idea to take me for Tapas and Sangrias. Of course - it did not disappoint!. . 1) We had Chicken salad -chopped breast, grapes, smoked almonds, creamy cider dressing, endive.  This wasn't anything special, just a regular chicken salad if you ask me.. . 2)  Smoked Salmon Toasts - brioche toast, dill sour cream, pickled red onion, capers.  This was okay, I think I expected this to be fresher, it the salmon was colder it would probably be better.. . 3) Stuffed Dates - bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  This was an awesome dish.  who doesn't love bacon wrapped apps?  . . 4)  Padron Peppers - flash-fried, touch of salt; most are mild.  Always a signature tapas dish, can't really go wrong with these.. . 5)  Stuffed Peppers Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce.  I thought this was okay.  . . 6)  Manchego Mac N Cheese baked w/ baby shells.  This was a pretty awesome dish, I would definitely recommend this dish.. . 7) Tierra y Mar skewers grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde.  This was okay, skewered meat. . . 8)  Chorizo Clams - grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde.  This was not bad, it was a flavorful and the toasts that came with it went great with the sauce.. . 9)  Filet Mignon Sliders - mini burgers w/Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions.  I thought this was only okay, nothing special.. . And we had a pitcher of Red Sangria.  This was really good and I recommend this with the meal.. . I would definitely want to come back here again when I come back out to Vegas.
Great food, great drinks, great vibe, pretty girls everywhere, and I looked everywhere except the ladies room. I'm guessing there were pretty girls in there too, but I don't like to make assumptions. You won't be disappointed at Firefly
Everytime I came to Vegas, my cousin would tell me to come here. Never had the chance until this past weekend and it was well worth the visit. . . The food is really good here. Tapas style so you can just order a whole array of things. Got both the white and red sangria. I liked the red better but I think it's just a matter of preference between a red wine or white wine. . . Ordered so many things and they were all delicious. . Artichoke Toast - the artichoke is cold on warm bread, I prefered the salmon toast. Salmon Toast - this was delicious. Smoked salmon, capers, onions on toast. Tuna Tartare - came with taro chips, I love tuna tartare so it was one of my favorites. Baked Filet of Tilapia - this had some crispy onions on top, simple/clean flavors. Fried Calamari - this was just an average dish, you can find it anywhere. Steamed Mussels - the sauce that came with this was really good. creamy and delicious. . Chorizo Clams - these were recommended, and I really liked them. The chorizo gave a nice kick. . Camarones a la Diabla - I loved the sauce that came with this. A little heat and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. . Chicken & Chorizo stuffed Mushrooms - One of my favorites. I'm not normally a fan of chicken in anything, but these were delious! . Crispy Duck Rolls - this was the only semi asian dish on the menu, it comes with a cherry hoison sauce. It was really good and meaty. Stuffed Dates - this wasn't a favorite but it's the most popular dish there. Sweet and bacon don't go together in my mind. Thai Beef Salad - didn't get to try this... but from what I saw it disappeared quick for a reason. Parmesean Fries - Love this! The aioli dip that came with it was a perfect match. . Definitely will make a trip back here when I get the chance again!
I took my two tweenage boys here and we had a wonderful meal. I loved our wait staff, and I loved watching them and the kitchen people making and delivering the food. I had lamb skewers, chix skewers, filet sliders, parmesan fries - so yummy!  We all loved it so much, we are going to buy shirts from the website. It is a cool place. The only drawback was how loud it was - Friday night, early, it was PACKED! A testament to it's goodness! I already want to go back with hubby!!!
Ok so, bumping you back up. My friends dig it and I very much enjoy your sangria, warm vibes and company Firefly. But don't think for a second you can take my love for granted and start slippin' on me again.
Why oh why does Firefly have to be located 2,082 miles away from my home?. . This place was flat out awesome; almost everything about it was perfect. . The atmosphere is nice; looks can be deceiving because Firefly is located in a small strip mall and on the outside does not look impressive but the inside is surprisingly cozy and relaxing.  The outside patio is where you want to be as long as it isn't too hot, sitting outside was a very cool experience, even though there isn't much to look at, it's always nice to enjoy a good meal and quality drink in the open air.. . The drinks were delicious, well at least the sangria that I enjoyed as well as the Riesling that my friend enjoyed were.  Some of the best sangria that I have had in my entire life, sweet and savory.. . The food was awesome, we ordered 5 plates and the food was not only good but surprising filing, most tapa places you need 5 or 6 plates per individual but 5 plates were actually enough for a party of 2 to get full.  We had the smoked salmon toast, delicious, the Thai beef salad, delicious, shrimp tempura, delicious, fried calamari, delicious and the steak and mushroom skewers, delicious.  Not one part of the food was a miss; all 5 plates were flavorful and utterly enjoyable. . . My only issue was with the service, the main waiter we had wasn't very attentive and also messed up on part of the order. I asked for lobster "escargot" but instead was served lamb skewers which I sent back.  I mean I guess it's an honest mistake; both do start with the letter L but come on now you can't mix up lobster and lamb.  Even with that said, overall service was pretty good, the guy in charge of refilling my water glass and clearing my plates was excellent and really likeable; if only he could teach the main waiter something all would be good.. . Firefly is a must visit if you are in Vegas, I don't care if it's off the strip or in a little strip mall, the food, drinks and overall experience was awesome! Definitely worth a return visit, if only it weren't so far away from where I currently am.
Seriously, this has to be one of my favorite spots when I come to Vegas. The drinks, the tapas, the ambiance is all fabulous.. . One warning. If you book a large group, have the first person check in when they arrive. I brought a group of students here and we didn't check in until everyone arrived and then despite being 15 minutes early for our reservation, we waited over an hour after our reservation time to be seated (with pre-made reservations guaranteed with a credit card). Once we were seated, everything was fine. However making 20+ people wait while one table sits (and doesn't order anything else) is ridiculous.. . However, if you aren't bringing a large group, this place is awesome. The dishes are priced right. The drinks are pricey but no more pricey than the nearby strip!. . You have to try the dates. Seriously. No really. Has anyone mentioned those dates yet in a review? Other must tries: Tuna Tartare, Smoked Salmon Toasts, Padron Peppers, and Crispy Duck Rolls. . Vegetarian? Some of the favorites of my vegetarian friends (including the Padron Peppers) are the Mac n Cheese, Mushroom Tart, and Nutella Sandwiches
Tried this place on a friends suggestion, and I was hooked. Love the ambiance, and the food is amazing. The wait staff at this location are usually fairly attentive, genuine,  quick, and also they make good eye candy. Some of my personal favorites:. . Shrimp ceviche- the ONLY place I will eat ceviche. Very acidic and refreshing. . Stuffed Dates- I didn't think I was going to enjoy it, but it was a semi foodgasm. Warning, there are smoked almonds in this dish. . Firefly fries- I know, its fries but they are amazing fries, complete with a killer aioli, and covered in parmesan. . Ham and cheese croquetas- creamy, slightly smoky, salty. Only complaint is the size, but it is a tapas joint. . Filet mignon sliders- talk about heaven. Order it medium rare for max juiciness. Comes topped with serrano ham, cabrales cheese (a cheese from the north of Spain, similar to gorgonzola I think), and caramalized onions.. . Albondigas- Spanish style meatballs in a sherry tomato sauce. Meatballs are nice, unctuous, succulent, a perfect mouthful when paired with that sauce. .  Caramel flan- Now I'm puerto rican, lived with puerto ricans and mexicans that made authentic flan, and this flan was sinful. perfect amount of sweet, the custard was really eggy with that beautiful caramelized taste.. . Desserts in general- Order the desert platter and get the trio of gelato on the side. The desert platter comes with the flan, a lemon and berry tart, choclate tres leche, passion fruit cheesecake. Surprisingly so, the tres leche was the consensual least favorite.. . Items that were not so great:. . Crispy Duck roll- Disappointing, because I love duck. But the duck was lost in the cherry hoisin sauce. It was cloyingly sweet.. . Empanada- Hopefully my table just got a bad batch, because the pork inside the pastry was overcooked and dry.. . That's pretty much it. Oh, the red wine Sangria, delicious. Order a whole pitcher, probably the best sangria I've ever had
The filet mignon sliders are the best!. The atmosphere was a little too busy and noisy for the couple we were dining with, but to be expected in this little hot spot not far from the strip. Shaded outdoor seating is available as well although we chose to dine indoors (our friends visiting from the SF Bay Area thought 85 degrees was much too hot to be eating outside!) The food is good and reasonably priced. I've been here for lunch several times, and it is not as crowded as the dinner group, but still quite busy. Our server was attentive and knew the menu well enough to make some good suggestions. He was also happy to take a couple of pictures of us at our table before we dug into the tapas which began arriving quite quickly once our order was placed :-)
This place is great! The atmosphere is so chill, and the decor is awesome. Food and service was great! Will defiantly be coming back!
Great food and atmosphere! I love this place!
Loved it. Great food and nice staff. Very noicy.
Love this place!!!!  They have the best Mojitos & Sangria.  And every visit the must have items on menu are the Stuffed Dates & Lamb Chops!!!!  Till my next visit......
Went here with 3 friends for a night of tapas and sangria....It did not disappoint!. . Everything we ordered was excellent and reasonably priced.  I tried red and white sangria and enjoyed both, but I have to say I liked the red better (probably just a personal preference.)  What makes this place special is that there is something for everyone from the carnivore to the vegetarian. . . I tried the anchovy dish cause a friend ordered it, and I was very pleasantly surprised.  Not fishy at all like I expected.  My favorite dish I tried was the Tuna Peppers.  I found that they used the a lot of the same ingredients in different dishes, so you could stick with one flavor profile, or you could totally mix it up.  There's a lot to choose from so I suggest that everyone at the table orders two dishes to start, then you take it from there.  . . We saved room for dessert and ordered the sampler.  I'm glad we did, cause it had a little bit of everything.  Overall, its not a bad cab ride from the strip, and a great place to come with friends!
With 991 other reviews written, I'm probably not going to tell you something you couldn't already read, but here goes.  Came here at Midnight on a Thursday night/Friday morning, gathering friends from poker tables across the city via text and hoping they were hungry (or thirsty) enough to join us.   No problem getting a table for seven inside when we walked in.  We ordered about 30% or so of the full menu and a couple of pitchers of the red sangria and took our time.  . . Standouts of the night were the bacon-wrapped dates (mmm sweet and savory to boot!), the pork empanada, manchego mac n' cheese, and albondigas.  The sangria was not very strong, which is probably a good thing or else we would have been in trouble.  . . Considering we were going to enjoy Julian Serrano (Aria) or Jaleo, two of the more upscale tapas restaurants in Las Vegas I was pleasantly surprised by Firefly.  Definitely having exceptional luck with off-the-strip dining experiences in Las Vegas this year (see previous review of Mint Indian Bistro, as well).
Our group of  6 came here on a Saturday night without making reservations so the wait was about 30 minutes for a table which wasn't too bad considering the place was really packed.  . . Our server was very attentive, as soon as we got seated  we ordered a couple pitchers of Sangria to start off with. The Sangria was good but it wasn't very strong.  while we waited they brought us a plate of bread with butter and some olives. We ordered about 5 or 6 plates off the menu to try.  We only waited about 20 minutes for the food to come out, was very impressed with how smoothly everything ran.  . . Now for the food, everything I tried was delicious! I ordered the manchego mac n'cheese which was a pretty small plate but it really delivered.  The paella was looking tempting and I immediately had to have more after a few bites of that.  I think the best thing I tried was the lamb, very tasty and it was so tender,   I feel like that was cooked to perfection.  I was very full after all of that but as Louis C.K. once said "I don't stop eating when I'm full, I stop eating when I hate myself" so the group was in full agreement we needed some desert to top the great meal off and someone was craving the nutella sandwiches so we ordered that and I'm glad we did. The bread was fluffy but  was also heated so it had a little crunch on the outside that I really loved and then you add on the smoothness of the nutella and you have me saying "I think my mouth is having an orgasm" . . The bill actually wasn't that large for everything we ordered, it's perfect for a small group or date. I will definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that comes out to Vegas
Keep in mind that tapas are small dishes. . . But oh boy, waited too long to write this review (again). We have friends in Vegas this weekend (hot!) and I just reminded them to check out the Firefly on Paradise - can't vouch for any others!. . We had a group of 8 and ordered a different plate for each of us and ate them family style. Then we ordered more, ended up ordering 16 plates, which was too much food. . . All of them were OK, but a few were simply outstanding. I reluctantly tried a stuffed date - I usually don't like bacon on sweets - but that was one we ordered 2x! Also a shrimp dish. . . The mac and cheese and sausage plates were OK, but only ordered once. I'm getting old and waited too long to remember the rest. But just order a few and see what you like before ordering the additional plates.
More like 3.5 stars, but I'll round up.  The service was great.  The food was alright, not amazing, but for sure a solid choice.  I am very thankful for this oasis that was still walking distance from The Strip.  Much better value for money!
The secret is out, Firefly is a must go to place if you're living in Vegas or just visiting. If you're looking for a tapas place that is fun, hip and great for get togethers, you can't go wrong with Firefly. . . I've been here so many times, despite what my check in says, I'm a regular. At one point, I think I was obsess with this place. Anyway, I've been here for lunch-ish (2pm), dinner and late nights. I love, love, love that I can come here after work and have a great meal and some drinks. . . Everything on their menu is pretty much amazing. But here's my go to list. You can try them yourself or be adventurous and try something new. The top of the list is what I order every time I'm there and the bottom ones are ones I've tried and thought it was fantastic as well.. . Apple/manchego salad: Apple and cheese, a winer's delight. Crispy granny smith apples cut up like matchsticks paired with a nutty and salty flavorful manchego cheese. If you don't know what manchego cheese is, it's the spanish version of a parmesan cheese. It's nutty, definitely a little salty and often firm but not hard like a parm. Delicious is all you need to know. This is a salad that I have to have every time.. . Boquerones: Ahhhhhhhhhh, white anchovies, basil, bread, lemon, what else is there? Unlike regular anchovies, the white ones are milder in flavor, not salty and wonderfully yummy. Served on sliced baguette with basil and I think chili oil. Whatever, it's a reminder of tapas can be so fun and mouth watering. Great to dish to share, but I don't recommend it.. . Steamed mussel: Talk about calories. You're going to need to save the room for these. The broth that it comes in, make sure you save some bread because you're going to want to soak it up with it. It's creamy, buttery and a little bit curried. . . Veggie empanadas: Deep fired and packed with flavors. The meat ones are good, but I think the veggie ones are better.. . Big bowl of spinach salad: There's spinach, so it's healthy, right? Yes! you literally get a big bowl of this fresh salad that has obviously spinach and these roasted peppers, artichokes and fried onions and the dressing that just ties is all together.. . Bacon wrapped dates: Sweet and salty and topped with a little bleu cheese is all I need to say. But you need to eat them as soon as they arrive because they're not as good when they're cold and the bacon gets hard.. . Patron peppers: Great little peppers to have on the side. Most of the are mild but if you get lucky or unlucky to some, you'll get one that really packs some heat. . . There's too much to say here. Just get out and try it because it's a must try spot for everyone. And don't forget to get a drink with that, especially the sangria. . . Ciao and until next time, happy eating everyone :)
My girl friends and I must have ate Firefly's kitchen out.  We had 10 tapas and a pan of paella for lunch before, of course, dropping our guts at Encore Beach Club.  Sexy! . . The paella is an absolute must-have for $20 (Toto, I've a feeling we're not in San Francisco anymore!).  It was chock-full of clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari, chicken, and chorizo--I couldn't believe there was more seafood than saffron rice.  My favorite small plates were the camarones a la diabla (shrimp in spicy chile sauce), stuffed dates, and chorizo clams.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked in a delectable sauce--after we had all the shrimp, we hung on to the sauce and smothered anything and everything with it.  The dates were small, though tasty and complex.   The clams were in a lighter sauce than the shrimp but also delicious simmered in chorizo and white wine. . . I would skip the roasted baby beet salad, tortilla a la Espanola (Spanish omelette), and the lobster escargots.  There were barely any beets in the salad; the tortilla not only looked but tasted unappetizing; and the lobster escargots were so small I can't even remember their taste.. . I've had paella and tapas in Spain and at many memorable restaurants in the US.  Firefly doesn't come close to the top, but the prices are so reasonable (for Vegas!) and the selection is so vast (even the pickiest of eaters can't whine!) that I have to bump this 3-star tapas bar to 4 stars.  Plus, it's nice to leave the Strip for a meal!
Firefly was very good and some dishes were great.   A fun dining experience off the Strip. . . Ambiance - 4 stars. Hipster.  But, very noisy and ice-cold AC inside.  So, we opted to sit outside, which was fine at 10pm . . Service - 3 stars. The server was very timely initially, but then they seemed to forget about us as the meal progressed.. . Drinks - 2 stars. The Mojito & Margaritas were far too sweet and took forever to arrive.. . Food - . Menu Variety - 5 stars. Amazing choices (perhaps too many!)  ;-). . Stuffed dates - 5 stars. "Dance Party" in your mouth with bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  Amazing!. . Ham & Cheese Croquetas - 3 stars. While good (and recommended by the server), it was just too rich & creamy to fully appreciate the Serrano Ham & Manchego Cheese. . Steak & Mushroom Skewers - 4 stars. Grilled filet, roast garlic cream & red wine reduction.  There was quite a lot of meat, which was tender & tasty.  The sauce, while good, was a bit bland.. . Beet Salad - 3 stars. It had all the proper components, beets, tender greens, nuts & feta cheese.  But, it was also somewhat bland.. . Overall, Firefly was good and we might try it again with another group of friends.
Yummy tapas for sure! My hubby and I really really like this place. We have been there 3 times in the past month to just have some drinks away from the kids and enjoy a snack while chatting. It is always a pleasure to come here and we get treated well each time by a friendly staff. The table however was not really clean that well the last time we came but that is my only issue.
I have been to firefly probably about 10 times in the past few years.  Usually its for the pitchers of sangria and the company of some good friends.  I rarely go there to serve my palate with a delectable array of dishes.  HOWEVER!  This happened, and below is my experience.. . First of all, dumb me, did not realize that there was a huge other section of this restaurant.  I only ever sat in the tiny -ass room with the bar.  Yeah, dumb me.  Anyway the main room is nice!. . Things you should ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS order at firefly: bacon-wrapped dates, and the sangria.  White or red doesnt matter, you NEED to get the sangria.  It's the best sangria I've ever had.  A pitcher of it will run you $28 or similar.  get it.  Anyway, also get the mushroom and steak skewers, super juicy and well-flavored.. . Things to not get:  They have this dish called patatas flavas.  It's diced potatoes covered with some sort of sauce.  I wasn't a fan, it was greasy and the sauce was weird.. . I don't think I would go here for an actual meal again, just because those potatoes left a horrible taste in my mouth. I'll probably go to just munch on some delicious dates and drink the...what was it?  Sangria.  OH! I almost forgot that our waiter forgot us.  At least that's what it felt like.  But this place gets poppin' (I can't believe I just typed that) on the weekends so he did get super busy.
Again, one of my favorite meals in vegas.  We had to wait about 40 minutes for a table for two on friday night to get a seat, which is to be expected.  We got about 7 tapas for the two of us.  As many others have stated, get the bacon wrapped stuffed dates, they are very good.  I've been here before and I think I liked the food this time around better.  The other thing with tapas places, I've felt that I'm not getting value for my money typically, but this was $62 including tip for two, and 7 plates and 1 dessert, no drinks (just water).  I thought this was pretty good.  As far as service, it was ok.  I am picky about making sure my drinks are refilled consistently.  I waited a while the first time, and then just asked the server to leave a pitcher of water, so I really didn't have to wait the rest of the meal. Overall, I would recommend checking this place out.
Really good, of course we just got in town and avis didn't have the compact car we requested so we got a 2013 mustang at the same rate, so this might be exagerated. Bacon almond dates are amazing. Pulpa is cooked well but needs a sauce. Lamb was tasty. If anything, do yourself a favor and order a pitcher of sangria. Gonna have to go to the one in LA to compare. Looked like their happy hour is where it's at and any time you can get of the strip its well worth it.
Eating at Firefly was one of the highlights of my Vegas trip! We went on a Wednesday night around 8pm without a reservation and were seated at the bar while we waited. In general I'm a huge fan of food that's easy to share, so I was predisposed to love the restaurant. Ambient lighting that wasn't so dim you couldn't see the other members of your party, and the noise level was decent.. . My friend and I had:. - stuffed dates: as many have mentioned, these bacon-wrapped things are beyond delicious! I'm iffy on dates and love bacon, and found the dish to be just the right amount of sweet. - firefly fries: we were hungry and wanted something more filling. These fries seem like a much classier (and possibly marginally healthier) version of your standard cheese fries. They tasted great, but I might have ordered something different if I was less desperately hungry while ordering. . - mushroom tart: pastry was fluffy and crisp, mushrooms and sauce were well-made. Felt more like a breakfast food than a dinner dish, but I didn't mind.. - chorizo clams: unexpected combination, but delicious! My friend's favorite dish of the night. I think it came with around a dozen clams and a heaping pile of sausage-y sauce.. . I wish we had come with more people so we could have tried more dishes!
It has been quite awhile since I've been to Firefly.. Usually there is a long wait for dinner seating, especially on a weekend, but today I wentwith a girlfriend for lunch.  Ah, this is the way to do it! No wait, seated right away near the window.  Instead of getting tapas, today I finally tried the paella.  I'm really glad that I did!!! It was absolutely delicious- filled with all kinds of meats, saffron rice, and a huge (dinner sized) portion.  It was $20, which is a little high for lunch, but would have easily cost double that at a restaurant on the Strip.. . I had a decent mango mojito (very heavy on the mint), and service was pleasant and brisk.. . The AC seemed to be struggling a bit, especially with the bright sunlight streaming through the windows, but the staff lowered the blinds, which helped quite a bit.. . I do prefer the W. Sahara location aesthetically, but the original Firefly still is a good choice!
You know I do love tapas. Ever since Cha Cha Cha in SF, I've been crazy for tapas. After the many good reviews from Firefly, I came here with two friends to try it out. We wanted to order everything but tried to limit it to what we could eat. So we ordered:. . Lobster Escargot. A little on the mushy side. Portion is small. I'm warning you now so that you don't have a shock face like I did when I saw it. There's about five pieces. Good start to the food though.. . Filet Mignon Sliders. This was good. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Slight pink on the inside and juicy. There was also crispy onions on the side and along with two sliders. The aioli in the slider was a definite ingredient that separated Firefly's sliders from other places. . . Stuffed Mushroom. Chicken was a bit dry but I like mushrooms so I'm getting it anyways. Came in four pieces.. . Camarones Al Ajillo. About 6 medium sized shrimps and one hell of an amazing sauce. The shrimps were not mushy. The sauce went perfect with the bread given. Got to impress me with sauce when I go to tapas eateries.. . Along with our $30 pitcher of watermelon mojito which had Bacardi rum in it yet did not taste as strong as I thought it would, My friends and I were still a bit hungry. So we went and order the Paella. Not the best I've had. The rice a bit overcooked but the ingredients in here is absolutely worth your money. The seafood were plentiful and more than the average selection at other restaurants. . . Our total bill was about $90. We were full after for our party of 3. The restaurant is not too big and it's off the strip of Las Vegas. However, very much worth coming. Service was attentive, had no problem with it. It's located in a plaza so there is also lots of parking.
Paella, pitcher of legit sangria, a few other small plates (all of which were good) and it was the best end to our Vegas vacay.
Food was outstanding.. . Wine glass was dirty, but service was superb. I will return ASAP
try the wrapped dates!! sooooooo good. a bit pricey, but worth it.
Great off the strip tapas restaurant.  Waited over an hour on an early Saturday night but the food was worth it!  Everything we ordered was good (and we practically ordered everything on the menu for a group of 7). Note:  the portions are bigger than traditional tapas servings...we ordered 2 of everything all at once PLUS paella, and we had WAY WAY too much food.  I suggest you order a few at a time.  Unanimous group favorite was the Ahi Tuna Skewers. . . Ordered a pitcher of Blood Orange Mojito (meh) and a pitcher of Red Sangria (yum).  . . This is a great place for a fun group outing (as long as you're willing to wait) but don't go here on a first date unless you want to shout at each other the whole night!. . We'll be back for sure!!!
So I was drunk when we were hear, and memory is an issue, but I really think I judged the food well :) haha!! I loved the bacon dates, the achovies on bread, the steak kabobs, the lamb kabobs, oh crap, I can't remember what else, but I liked everything (a lot), the only thing I didn't love was the apple salad.. it was ok... coulda used a little dressing or honey... . . The atmosphere was nice, the waiter was very cool, the food came fast... GREAT price for such good food, I will be back for sure!!
This was probably the best food I had over my 4 day stay in Vegas. We eat on the strip and off. . . We ordered 6 different dishes and only one did not impress us. That was the Papatas Bravas (roasted potatoes). They were bland and needed some kind of sauce. . . As a vegetarian my favorite dish was the Veggies and Lentils while my boy's favorite dish was a tie between the ribs and the bacon wrapped dates. We will definitely be back to explore more of the menu! . . Ps... sit on the patio!
Off the strip and to my recollection, the first time I've eaten at a LV restaurant with a very diverse crowd ( ie Gay, Straight). The atmosphere is drak, colorful, salsa music playing loudly- its a great place. The food makes it really cool. Bacon wrapped dates, savory chicken skewers and a delicious even cooked calamari. Fries were spot on, the sangria was good. Good place
I've been here several times and it's a great place with a large group. It's a tapas restaurant so order a variety from the menu and share. I haven't been here with a small group but assuming there's still a bit of a wait since the place is always packed. The times I've been here was with a group of 17-23 girls and both times our group was split up to 2-3  different tables so just expect that...which is fine if that means it'll be a shorter wait, about an hour w/out reservations. Make reservations!!. . Favorites: CEVICHE OF SHRIMP, TUNA TARTARE, FIREFLY FRIES, MUSHROOM TART, MANCHAEGO MAC 'N' CHEESE, FIRED CALAMARI, STEAMED CREAMY SAUCE MUSSELS, EMPANADA. . . I heard the FILET MIGNON SLIDERS and BABYBACK RIBS are good...trying that next time! . . It's a reasonable price here so worth the wait. While you're waiting for the food to come out...try their Sangria too!
On one of our many trips to Vegas, Minh and I met up with our friends Ashley and her fiance Taj for a late night dinner. This place came highly recommended by Kent D. Seeing the amazing reviews and all the yummi photos and not to mention they have Sangria, I was in! . . When I told Ashley where we were going she was overly excited, come to find out this is one of her favorite places to eat at. . . Now, parking here is hard, you will be making circles in the parking lot trying to stalk people coming out of the restaurant. Give yourself more than enough time is all I can suggest. A lot of their clientele are people pre-gaming before a night of drinking and dancing so it will be busy until about 11:00pm. They do not take reservation on Friday and Saturday nights either. . . Minh and I were the first to arrive; we put our name in and had a seat outside. We were told it would be no more than a 20-30 minute wait for a party of four.. Our friends arrived just in time as our name was called about 10mins later. I think we only waited a total of 15mins or so which is awesome considering the place was packed when we arrived.. . Most of the staff was nice; we were lead to the back of the restaurant, which was fine for us. The place is loud and it can be hard to hear each other, so do not be surprised if people look at you if you are talking loudly so someone at your table so that they can hear you! . . Our server came by and took our drink order I had a White Sangria, while Ashley had a Mojito (which btw is super strong).. . The menu is impressive with what they have, wanted to order one of everything just to try it! Ashley made suggestions on what was the BEST; all her suggestions were true to her word too!. . I started out with trying (and ooo btw the White Sangria was prefect, strong and tasty... can I get a pitcher?!) . . -Ceviche of Shrimp-tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortilla . -Steak and Mushroom Skewers- grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction. -Ahi Tuna Skewer-mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze. . I was going to rate this with a perfect five but towards the end our server got sloppy and started forgetting orders. I ordered Empanada's and as the rest of my friends and boyfriend received their food; I was left sipping on my sangria wondering where my darn empanadas were. Well maybe they take some time to make I thought. Therefore, I let it go not thinking much until Minh realized that I still did not get my order. . We tried to get our server attention, which took some flagging down. She finally came over and we asked her about my order. She stared at us blankly and said, "Did you order Empanada's?" I said yes I did. "oh, I didn't put your order in" When she walked back to the kitchen, I guess they were sitting there for awhile she came back and said that someone must have put the order in because they were sitting in the pickup line. Knowing that they were sitting for a while, I did not have a good feeling to eat them, so I told her never mind. She made kind of a stink about it so instead we asked for a box to take it with us.. . Would I come back again, yes! It's rare for me to say that if I had semi crappy service, but the food and sangria is just damn good!
I honestly thought I had done a review for Firefly, but I guess I hadn't, so here goes.. . The food is very good, I can not think of a bad dish, we have our staples, the dates, the fries and then pretty much just shotgun the menu, order 4-5 other dishes depending on what our mood is.. . If there could be one complaint, for some reason they seem to like the lighting set low and the music high...Ok combination for a club, not so good when you are trying to do something silly like, oh read a menu and tell the wait staff what you would like....
Excellent food for an excellent price. First trip and first Yelp, but highly impressed. Drinks are priced to recupe for the food, but definitely give it a shot.  If you see an open seat, you're lucky - take it. Four stars for great food but slightly overpriced drinks off of the strip.
Great date place, great place to hang with friends.  A good chance to experience a variety of flavors without stuffing yourself silly.. . The food was excellent, across the board.  Good beer selection, but the wine selection was a bit limited, at least by the glass.. . We called for a reservation and they said they were booked solid, but if we came over, we could walk in and they would take us.  We arrived to find about 6-8 open tables, and were seated immediately.  Weird.. . Firefly is among the better, reasonably priced places I've tried in Vegas.
Firefly is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and I love their food and sangria SOO MUCH. I haven't really tried anything from their menu that I dislike and I love it! Favorite dishes: stuffed dates, tuna tartare, baked tetilla, manchego mac 'n' cheese, lobster escargot, camerones a la diabla, croquetas, the filet sliders... basically everything.  But I have to give this location one star off because it's near the strip so it's SUPER CROWDED and as a result the service can be a little slow. Also there are a number of sketchy characters in the parking lot (one guy came up to my car to ask me for money, another one yelled at my husband and called him a heathen??!).. . BUT they are open later than the other locations which is good for me and my late night tendencies! And it's Firefly so still super yummy.
This was my second time there.  It was pretty good.  I went with a big group of people.  It was pretty busy, so they escorted us to their other lounge location.  Most of the party ordered tapas.  Their fries and stuffed jalepenos were pretty good.  My friend got a pitcher of White Sangria which was really good.  I liked it a lot better than the one from Marbellas.  The White Sangria has pears, wine and brandy.  They marinate the sangria for a minimum of 3 days.  I'm not a fan of alcohol, but this one tasted pretty good.  It was a little bit bitter from the alcohol.  I'm still fairly new to drinking, so I can taste alcoholreally easily.  My other friends said it was good. I tried sips of the paradise mojito and the blood orange mojito.  The paradise one was really really good.  I could taste coconut in it while the blood orange was tartier and too strong for my taste.  . . I want to go again and try more appetizers and different drinks.  :D
This place is always our first stop whenever we fly into Sin City. The menu is extensive. The servers are on the ball. You can't go wrong ordering the sangria, bacon wrapped stuffed dates, the mushroom tart and the Firefries!
amazing food,  this location it is always pretty packed so plan accordingly. Great atmosphere, the food is extra tasty, service sometimes can get slow but that it.  Great music, they restaurant is dimly lit so it great for both date nights and social gathering.. . i would recommend................. . the empanadas. the pulpo asado. the bacon wrapped dates. and buy a pitcher of sangria its so worth
With over a thousand reviews and a 4.5 rating, Firefly was on my list of places to try in Vegas! . . We had a party of five and we were pretty hungry! I love tapas because it gives us the opportunity to try multiple dishes and share rather than chowing down one large plate of burger and fries. I love trying different dishes!. . The dishes we had were good. Some dishes were better than others. Here's what we ordered (between $4-$9 a plate):. . - Apple and manchego salad. So fresh and so good! This plate was rather larger than the others. The apples were super crunchy and sweet!. - Roasted baby beet salad. YUM!. - Stuffed dates. Super yummy! Love the crumbled blue cheese.. - Veggie empanada. This was just ok. Too doughy for me and not enough veggies and cheese!. - Firefly fries. It was good but I thought it could use more herbs and aioli.. - Manchego mac and cheese. Yum! Thank goodness we shared otherwise I would have felt super guilty eating the whole plate!. - Baked tilapia. Thumbs up!. - Ahi tuna skewer. Super fresh and flavorful.. - Ham and cheese croquets. Super good! . - Camarones a la diabla. The BEST! The diabla sauce was well made. I used my break and fries to soak up the sauce. It was THAT good!. . Let's not forget the bread, olives and butter they bring out to you when you are seated. So good! The butter is some herb/spicy butter. I've never loved butter before until now, lol.. . Everyone raved about the Sangria. It was nothing special to be honest. I've had better sangria elsewhere but I'm glad we tried it.. . The restaurant is super close to Harrahs. We could have walked here but it was raining and way dark out since we came late. It's really dark inside but most tapas are. We didn't even have to wait, walked in and they immediately sat us. The staff were all super friendly and nice. Service was quick, thank goodness since I was starving!. . I will definitely come back to Firefly and try the other items. I won't be ordering the sangria though!
Such a gem off the strip; this place is awesome! . . We started off with some ceviche and then we each ordered the lobster escargots which was the best part of the meal! The mussels in coconut sauce was a pleasant surprise. We also shared the huge serving of paella. Although I've definitely had better, it was great for the price. . . Overall great experience-- we will definitely be back!
I've come here a few times, and each time, the service is great.  Presuming you have done tapas before, you order a small amount, and you continue ordering small amounts until everyone is tapped...so the wait staff is usually hovering around, checking on you and asking if you want/need anything.. . Atmosphere is cool...very trendy/date night appropriate, but still very casual.. . On to the food.... . I have tried a little bit of everything here.  Dishes go from relatively inexpensive to about $10...but a lot of the good ones are $10 and you will have to order a few, so it does add up fast.. . Can't go wrong with the fries...large basket, big enough to share and sit on the table to snack on between plates.  We also like the chorizo clams and lobster here....lots of flavor.  The ceviche is also top notch, one of the best I have had, and the tuna tartare is very good.. . I really like the stuffed dates...these are an interesting taste, so you might not, but I would still recommend trying them.  Mac and cheese is also very good, as is the fish and chips, calamari and crab corn dogs.  We also like the sliders and skewers.. . Best part about the experience, is trying a bunch of everything.  If you come here expecting to get full off 2-3 dishes, it is not going to happen.  You will have to try a bunch of little things, but it is almost like a small tasting menu, that you get control!. . Have fun
food is 3.5 stars. special drinks are so-so,,, not so special. however the price is very reasonable - so, i give 4 stars. . . atmosphere,,, really loud - music and these people talking too loud. . . what is the matter with these restaurants with dim lighting??? do they think it is sexy or something? wrong! . . for these reasons, i like to visit here for lunch when it is not too loud, not too dark,,, having lunch with wine at the patio right now (October) is just perfect!
Sitting in a fairly unassuming and cookie-cutter shopping center east of the Strip is this gem of a tapas restaurant. I hate the fact that every place uses the term "tapas" to mean small dishes when they aren't serving spanish food. Okay, so I'm being somewhat picky about the terminology, but it bugs me when I see a japanese izakaya that advertises itself as japanese tapas; an izakaya implies small dishes and pub food! Will dimsum be thrown to the curb to ape a more trendy term as well?! . . Okay, okay, that was probably out of line. Let's move on, shall we?. . Showed up with a group of six for a late sunday night dinner. No problem, we get seated right away a few feet from romancing couples and a table of near naked people celebrating halloween.  Off to a good start as far as I'm concerned.. . Here's the low down on what we got:. . Ceviche - tasty, there were larger and smaller pieces of shrimp and the bright citrus flavor was better than the salty watered down salsa versions I've had elsewhere.. . Stuffed Dates - wow, so good. The dates aren't that sweet and you mostly get the smokey bacon flavor with a hint of sweetness and a crunch almond surprise on the inside. The blue cheese goes really nice with it.. . Patatas Bravas - probably my least favorite out of everything we got that night. Tastes like big chunks of red potato. Meh.. . Thai Beef Salad - I'm not really sure what that thai beef was, but it seemed like a pancake made of protein with things mixed in. Tasted okay, but I wasn't in a salad mood which might explain why I didn't love this one either.. . Fried Calamari - Pretty straight up dish with nothing either outstanding about it nor bad. If you like fried calamari elsewhere, you'll probably like it here.  I'd probably save my stomach for something you can't find at every Italian restaurant on earth.. . Beef Empanada - These were really good if you like a flaky pastry with meat filling. The only bad thing was that there's two pieces to an order.. . Paella - Wow, by far my favorite! Order 2 per person so you'll never have to share. The chorizo was really good and I kept ignoring the seafood to snag some. I want a plate of this in front of me right now and I wouldn't hesitate to shoot a deer in the face to have it.. . What I'd want to try next time:. Chicken and Chorizo Stuff Mushrooms. Crabclaw Corn Dogs. Tuna Tartare. Sausage Plate. . Great place. Really dark inside (a table near us used their phones to read the menu) with an overabundance of those crappy paintings of spanish dancers shown from behind wearing a red dress that you see being sold on every cruise art auction.  Stop buying those paintings, people! They're pumped out of a kinko's printer in Cincinnati onto canvas!. . TL;DR: Don't buy crappy art; eat at Firefly now.
This is another staple spot for me in Las Vegas. As I am usually here on business, my company has me stay close to the convention center. Not that I wouldn't make the journey across town to Firefly in any other case, but it is convenient that it is right down Paradise. Here's what's up:. . Food: This is a tapas bar. We usually just order like crazy and sample sample sample everything that ends up on the table. Here's the thing: you could throw 10 darts at the menu, order whatever you hit, and you'll be happy. Don't get me wrong there are some things that are better than others but seriously everything is legit. My biggest suggestion are the sliders. . . Beverages: Like most places in Vegas, there's no good beer. It's a harsh reality that I have come to except. They have some in between beers and a few good cocktails, but certainly do not come here for the flow of quality liquid.. . Environment: It makes sense that Firefly has a very Spanish feel to it. It's a tapas bar after all. I'm a fan of how communal the layout is. In the tradition of everyone sharing food, Firefly has a very intimate feel where you are not necessarily 'packed in', but the feeling of being close to everyone promotes the idea of being 'one' and encouraging the idea of sharing. Sort of like most Ethiopian restaurants- where you're all eating from the same plate and the conversations occur in a very raw, intimate setting.. . Certainly an 'off strip' gem that is worth checking out. Be prepared to eat lots!. . Salud!
We came here for hubby's Las Vegas birthday bash.  We'd been wanting to come here for a few years now but just never made it.  Boy, we were glad we came!!. . This place was bumpin'....we showed up and the restaurant was already full.  We were promptly seated and quickly served. . . We were a big party so we all ordered what we wanted which meant a lot of food on the table.  At first, they were slow in clearing the plates but eventually this little lady came by and basically patrolled our table, picking up empty plates as soon as the last bite came off of it.  That lady was on top of it, filling waters, clearing plates, getting everything we wanted.  At one point, we saw someone from a departing party hand her a tip on their way out.  Doesn't surprise me!  She was awesome! (We tipped her separately too). . Food time!!. . I have to admit, there were some hits and some misses.  But the hits very much out shadowed the misses.  . Misses: . Tomato Bread - I was hoping for the simple version we had all over Barcelona but it turned out to be over-vinegary and the bread wasn't nearly substantial enough to sustain the topping so it became soggy very fast.. Lobster Escargot - This dish was overcooked so that the lobster was mushy and not fresh tasting at all.  The seasoning was not enough to make the sauce bread-dipping worthy. . HIts:. Pulpo Asado - Roasted octopus...nice portion and the octopus was perfectly cooked and tender to the bite. Paella - I haven't had a good history with paella but I daresay this was my favorite version so far.  The rice was well cooked and the ingredients were perfectly balanced with each other.. Ribeye - This was topped with a blue cheese butter, one of my favorite treatments of steak.  I asked for it medium rare and it was served to me that way, perfect!!. Mushroom Tart - Mushroom gravy-ish thing topping a square of puff pastry. Not exactly a "tart" but delicious nonetheless.. . All in all, it was a great time.  We had the sparkling sangria to drink.  Don't expect high octane stuff but it was a great palate refresher.
A very good low key Tapas place in Vegas. The good thing is that its not on the strip, which makes parking easy and its not that crowded if you go early. . . They have a very good variety of tapas. We had the ceviche - which was almost perfect, the only complaint was it was an only shrimp ceviche. I usually prefer the whole sea in the ceviche!! The Gazpacho was average. The octopus was very well done, but the star of the meal were the different skewers we ordered. The surf and turn one - with filet, shrimp and chorizo which was excellent. and the Ahi tuna one was even better. The tuna was perfectly grilled and the mix of mango and pineapple with it just hit the spot. . . There are two seating areas and there is also some seating outside which was full. The main area was a little loud especially because of the loud music playing inside. The side section which had the bar was quieter, we just sat at the bar which was probably the ideal thing to do.. . Oh almost forgot to mention the Sangria's, we tried the red and sparkling and both were well made. Maybe a little on the fruity side which is why we balanced it with some Vodka shots :)
Great fun, & great food. Usually crowded so get there early. Our group tried 4 different entries, and they were all good.
Yummy food and tasty Sangria!!
The food and drinks here at the Paradise location is terrific!! Every time we go to Vegas, Firefly is part of our agenda. IMO - Tapas or small dishes is the best way to eat and share food. I have seen tasting menus at other restaurants that are twice the price with less variety. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because they changed the Firefly Fries from shoe-string potatoes to regular french fries. The taste and texture is totally different. and not worthy of 5 stars. Hopefully they will change the fries back.
mexican people are work hard and they were very attentive nice. good quik food and tasty
Ambiance was hip.  Definitely good for the younger crowd.  But the food was also really good!  Loved the ceviche, chorizo clam, and stuffed dates was also pretty interesting.  I would've given 5 stars, but a couple of the steamed mussels were slightly off.  Price was reasonable, too!
I think the one on the westside is much better. We went for lunch on a Sunday to the Paradise location and it wasn't too busy. We had somewhat slow service but the stuffed dates and apple and manchego salad didn't disappoint.  Some to the fried plates were a bit cold and the last item we ordered took way too much time to come out. When it did, it was so hot as to approach a meltdown and so we waited nearly 15 minutes for it to be safe to eat.. . I still like this place and it is the best Tapas restaurant in town.
Reservations were made using Open Table and when we arrived, I had to show them the email confirmation.  The hostess didn't show us in the system and the place is quite small, (we were told in advance we needed reservations due to the size), after showing the email, she seemed putt off with us, but eventually sat us. We had a party of three and all of us differ in what we prefer for good eats.  Firefly satisfied all, immensely. That's the joy of a Tapas bar, you can order several items, get a small taste of everything as a opposed to one huge meal that you may or may not enjoy and have to get through.  . . Bacon wrapped stuffed dates and the Shrimp, Steak, and Chorizo Skewers in Salsa Verde being the highlight of all the tapas ordered.  We also ordered a pitcher of Red Sangria (recommended by another bar tender on the strip) and were surprised by theflavor in it.  The waiter mentioned that they let the Sangria sit a few days to allow the fruity flavors to come out, quite delicious.. . I am looking forward to another trip to Firefly when I'm in town next time.
Definitely do yourself a solid, go here with your significant other and enjoy the awesome food!. . We got sooo much stuff  can't remember, everything was fast, hot and delicious. The Sangria was on point, spicy shrimp was baller and the banana's foster is out of this world.. . Great service and fast cooks!
One of the first restaurants I enjoyed in Vegas, sober. The happy hour is awesome--half price drinks including the pitchers of sangria. So by the end of the meal--not so sober, but still happily so.. . All the food is small plates (thus "tapas"). The bacon-wrapped dates are incredible. My date and I ordered two plates full. It comes in six. The garlic/pimento spread that comes with the bread upon arrival is tasty. . . The pear martini is awesome--Grey Goose, pear puree. And half price during happy hour. The white sangria is delicious and full of green apple bits. It could use less ice, but who am I to argue with a restaurant in a desert city?. . The lamp skewers were well done. The tuna tartare was incredible too.. . Ambiance: the service is quick, the lighting is a bit on the dim side (think candlelight and red overheads), and the art works are eye-catching. . . Coming  back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Finally made it out to Firefly on our last Vegas trip. The food was good - loved the mussels in curry sauce and the sangria the most. However, the service was very confusing! After a few minutes of being seated, a waiter came up to ask us if we've been helped. The tables aren't assigned? After that, it was hard to find the guy, and he forgot one of our orders. When we told him that he forgot, he said oh I'm sorry and stared at us as if to ask what we'd like him to do. Anyway, at least the food was good!
I'm a huge fan of customer service, and this place was top notch. If anything the waiter was doing above and beyond his job. He was consistently refilling and double checking that we were doing good. It's sad, but I've truly come to appreciate the people in this town that ACTUALLY do their jobs and don't mope around and spread their negativity on the floor. The only thing I could say I disliked about this place would be the annoying, theater table of 20+ drunk people. You would think maybe a manager would have approached them after they consistently sang songs and yelled random sayings, but I understand where they were coming from, and hey, I mean the people looked like they were having a good time, even though everyone surrounding them were highly annoyed. . . All in all I absolutely love this place, and I'm going to have to say you absolutely have to try the bacon wrapped date with goat cheese and the sangria!
Great experience.  I recommend anyone in Vegas make this one of the places you stop to eat.  It is great food, great service and great atmosphere.  I would consider this one of the places locals would go to eat.  There isn't any inflated prices you see on the strip so if you want a great time without the typical inflated costs so many good restaurants in Las Vegas have, this will be a nice surprise for you too.
WOW.. we found out about this place on Yelp.. and decided to check it out.  It was just like people said.  Delicious and well priced.. with M M M good drinks.. . We did go fairly early but there was still a nice vibe.  . . I wish this place was closer to me.. . YUM!
Love, love, love this place. Fabulous tapas, great atmosphere, and the sangria is delish. They make all sorts of fresh fruit sangrias. Try the dates - you won't regret it!  I try to get here whenever I am in Vegas. Great atmosphere - very fun, upbeat place.... . It's located in a strip mall and parking can be tight.
I have been to Firefly more times than I can remember. It's the place for old friends to reunite and for new friends to bond over delicious sangria and food. The concept of tapas is just really fun. It's even more fun when you have several people and can try a little of everything. My only peeve about this location is the parking (which I believe they recently solved by providing more parking in the back of the building complex, however, in that part of town and at night, no thank you) and the small, cramped space that is the restaurant. Besides that, LOVE IT.. . These are my go-to menu items that I order basically EVERY time I visit:. FIREFLY FRIES: Nothing special about the fries themselves, however the parmesan, herbs, and seasonings that they throw on it? YUM. It's also served with their menu-popular aioli. It's pretty amazing.. STUFFED DATES: What can you hate about a date stuffed with creamy bleu cheese and a smoked almond, wrapped in bacon, and roasted in the oven, then served with a perfectly-sweet red wine reduction? Yeah, nothing.. EMPANADA: Every culture offers some sort of pastry stuffed with meat and/or vegetables that is baked, fried, or boiled and it is always delicious. This one does not disappoint with its roasted pork, red peppers, topped with aioli, and served with a tangy salad. When you're done eating it, your only complaint will be that there was just ONE.. TUNA TARTARE: A delicious stack of raw tuna with avocado, mixed with a soy sauce concoction and served with crispy taro chips! A light and fun dish.. PAELLA: I understand that I will never know the true meaning of paella until I venture to Spain (as I'm told by my well-traveled friends), but of all the restaurants that I've had paella, this is one of the best. It has all your main players like chorizo, chicken, calamari, mussels, etc and of course, the heart: saffron rice. It's served in the pot that it's cooked in, so it's hot until you leave.. . All the sangria choices are delicious, but my personal favorite is definitely the SPARKLING SANGRIA. I love having carbonation in my beverage and this is sweet and delicious. Go before 6 pm (I'm not sure when it starts) and you can enjoy half off your pitcher during their Happy Hour!. . I have been twice since my Vegan/Vegetarian journey has begun, so my meals have been significantly different. Sadly, there's only a couple Vegan (non-confirmed, just assumed) tapas and besides one, all salads. Not exciting at all. So, I decided that if I wanted to eat, I had to consume some dairy. I've tried: ARTICHOKE TOASTS: artichoke hearts with aioli, basil, pepper on their delicious toasted bread, very good; VEGGIES AND LENTILS: Just meh and totally could have done without it (the one rare, possibly, Vegan dish); VEGGIE EMPANADA: Also just meh - the cream cheese was overwhelming and I had no desire to finish it; PATATAS BRAVAS: Very yummy, but spicy, so you've been warned. . . Therefore, being restricted to a Vegetarian/Vegan diet makes this place very bland. It's still one of my favorite restaurants, so maybe one day we can meet (meat) again.. . BTW, all three locations in the valley accept reservations except on Fridays and Saturdays (I'm sure there are other exceptions like holidays perhaps). So if it's the weekend, ensure you arrive early if you're dining with a large group or try a weekday!
I can't tell you how happy we were that our La Quinta is just down the street.  For the two of us, we ordered 8 tapas and a dessert.  Definitely too much...wished I had a second stomach.  Anyways, it's so much a better deal than another tapas restaurant we found on the strip.  It might not be the most authentic Spanish food (Duck Eggroll?), but the food is delicious...a great value and find off the strip.
This is one place that has become a staple in my Las Vegas path of culinary travel.. A large and creating array of small plate items, covering the gamut, from comfort foods, to meat/fish, hot/cold, lite/heavy, etc...There is something for everyone here.. I am partial to the albongigas (meatballs), but the tuna tartare is great, as are the bacon wrapped dates, shrimp diablo, ceviche....I could go on, but try it for yourself.. Casual, eclectic atmosphere makes it comfortable for anybody. I've been here for business meetings, been here dressed up for pre and post nite-out bites, and been here in sweatpants. Never any judgement.. Full bar, and prices are reasonable too. I've been to 3 of their locations, but the one on Paradise is my favorite. . Just a comfortable spot to enjoy good food.
Came here with great friends on our vegas trip.  It was my first time trying tapas. It was really good.  Restaurant looked small but had plenty of seating and service was good. We tried a little bit of everything. I really enjoyed the sliders and the Mac and cheese. Both were well done.  We ordered the firefly fries and there was plenty to last for the whole meal for all of us. The date wrapped with bacon was so good.  We got a pitcher of sangria. Which was plenty for four. Sangria was too strong for me but I know others will enjoy the amount of alcohol. We finished with the Nutella sandwiches which was amazing. Only thing I really didn't like was the cold chorizo meat platter. I was not a fan.
We really like this place. A lot of bang for your buck. We get everything here, especially all the tapas. Everything is good here & drinks are good. Nice atmosphere & service. A must on every Vegas trip. Wish we had one here in CA.
This place is pretty much amazing and you need to get here when it's not busy or you'll be waiting in line like you would be at a club but everyone is there for table service. Service is amazing and cups of water are never empty.. . This is what we ordered:. 1) stuffed dates - bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese. 2) firefly fries - parmesan, herbs, aioli. 3) veggie empanada - spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese in pastry, red pepper aioli. 4) filet mignon sliders - mini burgers w/serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions. 5) crispy duck roll - cherry hoisin sauce. 6) fried calamari - spicy gribiche dipping sauce. . I would recommend all these things except the crispy duck roll. It just was not good--dry and bland. I wanted to try the Sangria but I was driving back home that day so I didn't intake any EtOH.It looked tasty though.. . Firefly serves some of the best tapas in my opinion. Definitely a place that's worth a 4 or 5-people cab ride since it's off the strip.
Catching up on a previous visit.  Went here for dinner during my business trip and was pleasantly surprised by the inexpensive costs, friendly atmosphere, and the vibrant crowd.  Great find in the area. Tips: perfect spot for groups (there's something for everyone). The tapas are amazing. They have a happy hour ;) and save room for dessert!
Sounds like this place gets pretty packed. We were in town for a wedding, so we had our 2- and 5-year-old with us and we went at 2pm on a Friday--no wait and we didn't feel weird with our kids at that time of day. Our kids liked the Mac & Cheese, the Apple Salad, and all the Crostinis. Plenty of small items to choose from if you happen to bring your kids like we did.. . Some items were a huge hit, and some things were just good. Sounds like the bacon-wrapped dates are the way to go, and it's true, they are pretty amazing--something you'll crave. I also loved the shrimp with chili sauce; lots of spice and flavor. . . We were full but wanted a taste of dessert, so we ordered the Dessert Platter amongst the six of us. We should've ordered another one because we loved all the little desserts. The popular ones were the Chocolate Tres Leches and the Passion Fruit Cheesecakes--I want to go back and order one of those just for myself.
Back in town, and made this my dinner stop.  Even on Sundays they're open til 2a.  We ordered the potato brava, their fries, shrimp diablo, the bacon wrapped dates, chicken skewers, and the nutella banana sandwich.  The biggest standout was def the dates!  Just wow, the saltiness of the bacon, sweetness of the date, and the nut in the middle...Nothing I ate here even compares.  The shrimp diablo's sauce was particularly good as well as the nutella banana sandwich....I'd def  order the dessert again.  But the dates were incredible.  Don't come here and not try it.
It was very crowded and we had to wait about 30 minutes for a table. I take that as a good thing it means people love it there and are willing to wait for a table. Go grab a drink at the bar while you wait. Mojitos are very good. The food itself was very good! Do yourself a favor and get the baby back ribs!!!!  My only real complaint was that the table it not nearly big enough for the drinks and numerous plates they bring but again when you taste the food the wait, crowd, and over stuffed table are small potatoes. . . Lastly, as a DIE HARD Foo fan... They have taken the classic FF logo and made their own firefly shirts. Very clever!
It was a very nice change from dining on the strip.There were a few menu items that i didnt care too much for like the stuffed dates and lamb sausage, but everything else was great. After eating the rest of the week at casino restaurants we were shocked that our meal with one sangria and dessert was under $50. . . . Ask for a sample of the red and white sangria and the waiter will give you almost a free glass worth!
FLASH FRIED PADRON PEPPERS. . We made two stops into Firefly on the most recent Vegas trip. Or was it 3? I had been thinking about Padron peppers for over a year. I've tried to find them around the Bay Area, and I tried the flash fried shisito peppers a couple months ago at Covern's Tavern in Walnut Creek, but it just wasn't the same.. . I've only sat on the back patio at Firefly. Since Vegas has good weather most months of the year, and it's shaded for the hotter ones, I prefer this over the dark indoors. Service is usually pretty standard. They get very busy so it can be slow, but it never seems like I've had to wait too long.  Maybe because they serve small plates the food comes out and gets devoured faster. . . On the table after you're seated is place bread with almond butter and a couple of olives. We like to add a plate of fries, a plate of salad, a hot plate of some sort, and of course... my peppers ($5.50). . . The mojitos are great here but a pitcher will run $30 unless you're here during happy hour when it's half off.
The bacon wrapped stuff dates are awesome! More proof that you can wrap most anything in bacon!
My boyfriend was feeling an Ibiza themed night. After having a lazy Sunday soaking in the sun at the pool we started to talk about dinner plans.. . Now I have been to Firefly on a couple of occasions to mainly grab a small bite at the bar and enjoy their great happy hour special. This was my second full dinner and now I can say it has easily become my go-to spot.. . The decor is a fiery spanish inspired theme with lovely paintings of the flamenco dancers draped on the walls. The room is separated into three dining areas, one inside, separated by the bar, one mid point with a glass wall allowing you to peek outside and another just outside with heat lamps to keep it tolerable on the chillier nights. Firefly is festive with spanish music blasting in the background. It's a fun spot and always busy. Great to go alone or to dine in a small group. Reservations are highly recommended, although most times I've been lucky and was sat right away. . . The service is spot on at the tables. The food is quick. The bussers are always cleaning up and the servers - (the best is Juan) are always smiling and ready for any question you have. I would have to say the bartenders need some work because I think they live in their own planet and are too busy chatting with each or checking their phones instead of engaging with the guest (from one bartender to another: that's what a guest looks for when they choose to dine at the bar, especially if they are alone). . Food. Yummy. Great Value. Quality ingredients.. . Highly Recommend: Tuna Tartare (some of the best I've ever had and I have it a lot). Bacon wrapped stuffed dates (very heavy so be in the mood) . Paella (share, share, & share the goodness.. . I also recommend their pitcher of Sangria. It was slightly too sweet this time around but they quickly fixed that by bringing us some fresh cut oranges to balance the sweetness (sorry but we are in the service industry and sometimes we can fix the problem ourselves). Mojito's here are fantastic too.. . Another quality find in Vegas! An attestment to its success is the fact that there are three different locations! Tapas I heart you....
Came here with a group of 7 girls. Thank God we had reservations because there looked to be quite a long line outside. This restaurant is in a strip mall and pretty inconspicuous. . . Its tapas/small plates so we ordered a ton of different things. I'll try to list out all the ones I can remember. . TunaTartar - Didn't really strike me as Tapas or Spain especially considering the taro chips but it was fresh and tasty.. Ceviche of Shrimp - WOW! So authentic and on point. Me and my friend both said at the same time that the only thing missing was some tapatio! . Stuffed Dates - Super tasty! The almonds inside give it the right amount of crunch to change up the consistency. . Tierra & Mar Skewers - Everything was cooked really well (which i didn't really expect since they were all one one skewer). . Chicken and Chorizzo stuffed mushrooms - bite size with a kick.. Mac and Cheese - so good we had to order 2! Creamy and super tasty!. . I am sure there is way more stuff we ordered I just can't remember it and there were  a few things I didn't get to order that sounded good as well.. . They also sell mojitos by the PITCHER! The mojitos were good and not too stiff. Service was pretty quick once one plate came out they alls tarted to fill up the table quick. Everyone seemed pretty happy with the food.. . The prices are pretty reasonable adn they have something for just about everybody on their menu.
Came to Vegas for a bachelorette party with 7 girls and needed a pre-club dinner location. Firefly came highly recommend by a few locals as a great destination, so we decided to check it out. A few weeks prior to the event, I worked with Regina and Araceli to secure a reservation. Both of these ladies were awesome and extremely quick in their e-mail responses. I had a few  last minute changes to the # of attendees and they were super accommodating. . . In order to secure a Saturday night reservation, we were required to meet a $35 food / beverage minimum per person (not including tax / tip). The restaurant contacted me the morning of to reconfirm and see if there were any changes. When we arrived @ 8:30pm, I checked-in and had to sign an agreement guaranteeing we'd meet the minimum. Once the document was signed we were immediately seated. The line/wait outside looked ridic! I was was glad the reservation process was so seamless. . . The menu is extensive and a little overwhelming. Our waiter was helpful and made a few suggestions of the most popular dishes. I basically told him to start pumping everything out! Once we gave him the green light it felt like the plates never stopped coming:)  I'm allergic to shellfish, so I wasn't able to partake in all of the seafood dishes. Here are a few of my favs: . . Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates w/Bleu Cheese: I'm not a huge fan of bacon or dates - however these little things are addictive. The bacon is perfectly cooked with just the right amount of fat and crisp. The Bleu cheese and the smoked almond give it just the right amount sweetness and crunch. I ended up eating about 3 of them - the flavor is pretty rich, I couldn't imagine eating more. lol . . Roast Pork Empanada: You can never go wrong with Empanadas - nice flaky crust - a little on the salty side but still good.  . . Stuffed Mushrooms - Chicken and Chorizzo: One of my favorite selections - Delish! . . Mac N Cheese: Cheesy and awesome with a bread crumb-esq crust. Our table polished off the first dish and immediately placed another order. . . Tuna Tartare: Great flavor - fresh and everyone seemed to like it. I literally could have eaten the entire plate by myself. . . Drinks are solid and the Mojito's are pretty damn tasty - we ordered 2 pitchers for the table to share. We also ordered a few other drinks from the bar which were OK. Best bet is to stick to the Mojito's and Sangria (light ice).
Came in from out of town for a work convention, food was good enough to justify going two days in arow. Food was great, portions were very well proportion volume / price. Place is busy and be sure to arrive plenty in advance to get seated since they do not take reservations.
not usually a big fan of tapas since the plates make me feel like a giant, but this place is the perfect place for both locals and tourists alike. that means it can get really crowded! the food is really good; good bold, flavors and well balanced - not overly salty, spicy or sweet. since it gets crowded, it does affect the service, but our server did good job as did our hostess. and since the restaurant is in an outside shopping center, parking can be an issue. but if you're stick of the buffets and high-end hotel restaurants, this is a solid choice.
Dear Firefly: I love you. . . This is my boyfriend and I's go to place for date night. Their sangria is so good, especially the white sangria. Embarrassingly enough, my favorite part of coming to Firefly is their bread and almond butter. Delicious!!. . Some of my favorite tapas here are: . . SMOKED SALMON TOASTS $7. Brioche toast, dill sour cream, pickled red onion, capers. I always ask for a side of lemon with this too.. . FIREFLY FISH STICKS $6.50. Tilapia, Japanese breadcrumbs, spicy tartar sauce. . BABYBACK RIBS $9.50. Mango BBQ sauce. . LAMB CHOPS $8.50. Red wine reduction, sauteed lentils, julienne vegetables. . PETIT FILET $10. Mini filet mignon, herb cheese, roast potato, mushrooms, red wine sauce. . And my boyfriend's ultimate favorites:. . STUFFED PEPPERS $7. Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce. . TIERRA Y MAR SKEWERS $10. Grilled shrimp, filetmignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde. . We have also tried the firefly fries, manchego mac 'n' cheese, ham and cheese croquetas, and crispy duck roll. All good, but not our favorites.. . 4 stars because the service is hit or miss. We are either completely forgotten and have to flag down our waiter, or are very well taken care of.
This place is always packed so I recommend making a reservation. Although its worth the wait if you don't make one too. Their red sangria is so good! But i also like the white, it's refreshing on a warm Vegas day. My fave tapas are the bacon wrapped dates and the tuna peppers, gotta try them if you go!
Very good! Tuna tar tar, shrimp civechi, Lamb chops, and mushrooms! Everything was fantastic!
Food was excellent. Had to wait at times for the waitress. Overall fantastic experience. Good ambiance. A little loud, part of the charm.
Great place- food was excellent, for the most part. Favorites were the Ahi Tuna skewer, lamb skewer, and chorizo stuffed mushrooms and stuffed dates. Also loved the bread pudding and chocolate tres leches for dessert. Service was also great. Only complaint is the nose level was quite high. Otherwise a great place.
4 1/2 stars. Came here about 8pm on a Sunday night. There were a handful of people waiting and although the hostess said it'd be a 20-25 min wait for our party of two, we got seated in 10 min! Several different dining areas- outside, the main inside, and another inside dining area adjacent to the main one accessible from a separate entrance. The interior was nice and somewhat dark, good for a date or even a large party.  . The mojito i ordered was really really good! I could've easily downed several although I kept it to one. I tried the red sangria which was good too but very light, almost watered down. We tried several of the waiter's suggestions- the stuffed dates (SOOO good), and the Tierra y mar (Shrimp, filet, sausage skewers) which was also good but not to die for.  The Tuna tartare was really really good! But the Grilled octopus was not what I expected. But I prefer raw over cooked octopus and I had the whole plate to myself which was even more unpalatable. The Petite filet was very good and the Fish sticks were so good and crunchy and meaty n tender on the inside. 6 tapas and the 2 drinks for $65. I would definitely return.
The locals and tourists love this place.You can be sure it will be jumpin on Friday/Saturday evenings, The House drink is Sangria, red or white marinated and thirst quenching, then they have more tapas than you can count, but the fave for me was the dates filled with Blue cheese and a smoked almond wrapped in bacon. There are warm and cold dishes, I would avoid the more expensive $ 10 meat and seafood dishes, they mostly did not live up to expectations. The simple dishes worked best for us. Service is average friendly but frenzied, drinks are made well if a bit small. This is a great place for groups or couples , not so much for singles though.There is an outdoor patio too. We saw at least 3 groups of 8 or more. You will have a authentic local experience here. It's a great place to start or end your evening. When you are done, in the same little mall is the Havana Cigar bar, you can stroll in for a nightcap and some live local entertainment.
Aside from Jaleo, this is another amazing place for tapas. Unlike Jaleo however, this place is more casual (scratch that, VERY casual) thus the price is also lower. I still prefer Jaleo due to the distance and the ratio of GREAT dishes vs  GOOD dishes is slightly higher at Jaleo's. However, I will be back for the spicy prawns dish which was divine!!
our servers name was carlos he was really nice, it was my first time! really like the calamari and the shrimp tempura :) NEED TO TRY MORE! prob going next week
Pretty darn good Tapas place in Vegas. The boyfriend and I arrived in Vegasaround noon on a Tuesday and decided to have lunch here. There was no wait and we were seated. . . A few of what we had: . Passion Fruit Mojito: I looooove passion fruit mojitos and Firefly makes pretty good passion fruit mojitos. Blood orange mojito is also good but I prefer passion fruit.. Patatas Bravas- potatoes with spicy aioli. Pretty good. I'm a potato lover and I've bad better BUT for this restaurant, I'll definitely order it again.. Firefly Fries- I'd skip on this next time and order the patatas bravas instead. . Camarones al ajillo- shrimp with lemon garlic butter. Loved this dish that I ordered two. I'm a shrimp lover and this wasn't THE BEST shrimp I've ever had but its pretty darn close.. Stuffed Dates- boyfriend ordered this and he loved it.. Empanada- boyfriend also ordered this and he looooved it.. . Since this restaurant is tapas, small plates = must buy more. Which really means buy everything hahaha. We ended up ordering more than we needed to and when we do go back (we most likely will), we will probably order what I had stated above (we actually had tons more but they weren't worth mentioning). I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Located in a strip mall.. We visited the Firefly for my sister's Bachelorette dinner before hittin the town.. good thing we had reservations because this place was packed.   Good SIGN!. . Their specialty here is tapas/small plates so we ordered a bunch of different items recommended by the waitress and just shared everything.  They have so many different items to please any palette.  They also serve nice yummy mojitos by the pitcher. Needless to say that was a hit with the entire group!  . . Items ordered:  Ceviche Shrimp, Bacon Wrapped Dates, Empanadas, Tuna Tartar, Mac & Cheese, Chicken & Chorizo Mushrooms and a few other items.  Everything was pretty tasty especially my favorite mac & cheese.  We had to get double of that!. . Everyone was pleased with the meal and got their fill... ready for a night on the town!
Had dinner recently at the newly re-opened Firefly on Paradise. The restaurant was spotless. The new bathrooms were bigger and clean, Food was excellent. They added 2 new items, would have loved a few more new bites but the spicy chicken empanadas were yummy. The mussels are still my absolute fav and the mushroom tart was delicious!!! Honestly, right now and for the next year at least... it's probably the safest and cleanest resturaunt in Vegas. Highly recommend to all!!!
I asked a friend to take me to somewhere the locals go - I was tired of eating in the casinos, and this is where they brought me.. . Just off the strip. Great, flavorful tapas.  Pitchers of Sangria.  This place is great.  Chorizo and Clams, and Bacon wrapped Dates are two of the dishes we had, that I will remember for a long long time.... . I look forward to coming back...
Firefly never disappoints! Great food (stuffed dates, apple manchago salad and of course sangria are always a must-order) and even their olive and bread starter has that delicious sweet/tangy butter. Great for a first date or friends from work! Love the decor and the ambiance.  Service could be better, a couple times I've gone I felt like I waited forever for the server to come and ask if we wanted to order anything else.  And aside from all the negative comments and health history, I've always found Firefly to be delicious and I have full faith that they revamped their standards!
