I wanted to give this 3.5 stars, but had to settle for 4. . . First, the bads. The lighting in the rooms is pretty rough. I'm all for energy efficiency, but I hate these d@mn fluorescent bulbs. A lot. Every lamp was equipped with them, and it really made the room feel like a convenience store. Also, the bathrooms had this odd window from the shower to the bedroom. Anytime my suite-mates turned on the bathroom light at night, it shined (shone?) right into the eyes of people trying to sleep. But who sleeps in Vegas?. . Next, the Seafood buffet was given a resounding thumbs-down by my parents. I didn't eat it, so I can't speak for myself.. . Finally, housekeeping was a little slow, and room service wanted to charge us $3 a champagne flute (sans sparkling wine). I guess I get it, what with it being New Year's Eve and all, but come on. . . The goods. Yes, there were plenty of goods to be had, which is why this got a 4 star review instead of a 3. . . First, the rooms are very spacious, with a sectional sofa and beds and a large bathroom with a sink in and out of the tub area. Very cool. Large closet. Comfy linens. . . Next, the cocktail servers were all very friendly and very prompt. Getting free drinks at the slot machines is a Las Vegas must, and if you develop a friendly relationship with these ladies and gents, they won't disappoint. . . There is a free shuttle that runs from the Rio to either Harrah's or Ballys, so getting to the strip is very easy. The longest I had to wait for a shuttle was 10 minutes. Not a bad way to get around, and very cost efficient.. . Finally, the RioShow in the Sky. Really, really cool. It starts late at night and hits every hour, on the hour. The singers are great, the dancing is good, and then they all go around in these floating Mardi Gras floats and toss beads to the crowd. Everyone in the casino gets really into it, and though I was supremely skeptical, I found myself shouting at the swan-pulled chariot for some "Harrah's Reward's Zone" blue shiny beads.. . Vegas, baby.
Four stars: The buffet is good. I won money playing the slots. 'Tis all.
So, here's the thing.... . Because the staff has always been so good to me, I'm going to round up from 3.5 to 4 stars. . . I've stayed at The Rio numerous times for trade shows, for those of you who travel to Vegas frequently for work like I do, you know that while the amenities of the hotel are nice, being customer serviced and being able to conduct business while being able to play is important. The Rio is the perfect balance of work and party. . . I've worked numerous conventions held in The Rio's ballrooms, the staff is always courteous and helpful, and they handle all manner of strange travel requests, from extra extensions chords to double stick tape and last minute copies with class and customer service. . . The VooDoo Lounge has a great outdoor location, perfect for schmoozing with clients or chopping it up with friends and bottle service is fairly reasonable.
Besides the fact that the people working at the concierge wasn't as friendly as I would like them to be, I really enjoyed staying at the rio. I've been to vegas numerous of times, but this was my first time. Although this hotel is off the strip, they have a free shuttle that takes you there (better than taking a taxi). The hotel cleaner was very nice upon my arrival to my room. she offered to give my family and i extra towels. The price for the standard room is very spacious and affordable. It's very clean and quiet.
Old School with a capital O!. . But I can't help but love this hotel and casino.. . For the deals I have gotten, I will take the outdated rooms and lack of nightlife. Because, to compensate, those outdated rooms are HUGE! And you have a starbucks right as you exit the elevators. They also have the best video poker machines, and it is located right across from the Palms - A super quick and inexpensive cab ride to go party.. . I've also heard their basement winery and pool are amazing, and cannot wait to try that out in the Summer.
While not the classiest place to stay in Vegas, compared to some of the newer, high-end hotels & resorts, I still love coming to the Rio, either to stay, or just partake of their mondo awesome seafood buffet.. . I stayed last Summer for 4 days with my girlfriend and got a great deal through Vegas.com. Plus I got a coupon book upon checking in that had plenty of good deals, including free drinks, 2 for 1 specials and free admission to the Voodoo lounge club upstairs. It was nice going to the club when it wasn't so crowded. We pretty much had the place to ourselves and got our drink orders very fast.. . Since we went during the week, Vegas in general was pretty quiet and uncrowded too. This was great, since everywhere we went, the places weren't packed and we could take our time enjoying ourselves.. . Overall, the Rio could use some renovations as far as new carpeting, paint, etc. But as far as service and quality of the food and amenities, we had no complaints whatsoever.
I like the Rio.  Its really affordable.  When in vegas who cares where you stay when you aren't supposed to be spending any time in your room anyway?!. . Its really really affordable.  . . The Voodoo Lounge is tons of fun, and its all about fun without the pretentious nature of the strip.  :). . The pool area is large with some nicely placed hot tubs away from the pool so you can really relax.  Not quite a grotto but close.. . The best part about this hotel is that Penn and Teller are here!  I've been to Vegas quite a few times now and have not missed them once!  I always bring Penn a bottle of Jelly Apple Red #054 by Essie.  :)
Childhood memories: This place used to be so tacky and crazy. My vague childhood memories are basically coming here with my family to the buffet and seeing nothing but a haze of purple, red, orange and other bright ~tropical colors. I also remember the amazing buffet being....BETTER. I love it regardless and I still consider it the best buffet in town but it's not as good as it was once upon a time. It also used to be kind of small, believe it or not. Masquerade Village and the big tower weren't around until the late 90's, and if you were to get rid of the village and tower it really wouldn't be that big. . . Okay, "when I was your age" ramble over. The Rio is a place that seems to get a lot of unjustified hate. It's definitely not as poppin' as it was about 10 years ago (blame it on The Palms being across the street), but it's still a nice place. . . Masquerade Village is a rather weird place. The giant double-faced head used to just come out when the Show in the Sky was about to start, but now it just sits there, with moving eyes and all. Uh, creepy. The Show in the Sky used to be SO COOL. I saw it recently however and it was kind of ruined in my opinion. Just like pretty much everything in Vegas now, it has to be all about scantily clad women. They really didn't have to make it like a pseudo-strip club where there are strip clubs right down the street from this place. Another thing to note-there's a very eerie New Orleans vibe to Masquerade Village, and I'm not talking the decor. When it's not busy, there's this very deserted, other-worldly feeling to the area, I'm not sure how to describe it, it's so odd. . . On a more positive note, the Rio is very similar to the Palms, with several major differences:. 1. No pretension/snobbery.. 2. MUCH better buffet.. 3. Friendlier crowd and staff.. . I'm partial to The Palms because most people I'm close with love it so I have no choice but to go there if I want to hang out with them, but if I had a choice between the Palms and the Rio, I think I'll go with the Rio.
My husband and I stayed at the Rio the last time we were in Vegas. We just had a standard room and I thought it was just fine. The bed was comfortable enough and everything was clean. I don't think you need much more then that when you spend most of your time outside of the room. We ate breakfast a few times at the Sao Paulo Cafe and it was excellent both times (the service was very good too). The only downside that I could see was that it was not conveniently located on the Strip. We will be going again in February, but we will staying on the strip at Planet Hollywood.
Wow.. The Rio is definitely one of my favorite spots.  I ate at the World Buffet.  This place was awesome.  Probably one of the best buffets I've tried in my day.
Driving up I was worried...the Rio is showing its age, and if human it could use a facelift or some Botox. But once inside, it's as exciting as ever. When I checked in I asked about upgrades and was able to score a suite...foyer, living room, dining room, two bathrooms. The master bath was as big as most bedrooms....spa tub, walk in shower, take your breath away beautiful. No complaints here. Did I mention the beautiful view? . . Ordered room service just to say we ate in dining room, and honestly - I wouldn't recommend it - expensive/mediocre food. Shopping in this hotel is crummy as well - years ago they had some cute little shops, but their long gone and replaced by "Everything's $10" and eye creams, where they run out and start smearing it on your face. Get away from me..... . A lot of nice restaurant choices, and what I consider to be the best buffet around. I had been craving a red velvet cupcake and got a small piece here of the most excellent red velvet cake which took care of my sweet tooth craving for the week. I generally don't eat at buffets, but will make an exception here for the breakfast. Several coffee places, including a Starbucks just before my elevator. At night they would sell the pastries for $1 each. I can't vouch for them because I didn't try any.. . Harrah's has signs all around their properties for text offers - you sign up and receive them for 3 days at a time. One of the offers was $10 for Chippendales. We passed, but what a deal. The Platters and two other groups I can't remember were playing here - the best tickets were about $100 each. Now I ask you, $100 for Platters? It wasn't so long ago that would have been a free lounge act. Ah yes...the good ole days of free lounge acts and 99 cent shrimp cocktails. But I digress.. . Rio is an all around comfortable place to stay, easy to navigate, and plenty dining and adult beverage choices. They run a free shuttle to their other Harrahs properties on the strip if you are without a car. Who could ask for more than that?
Chippendales and buffets..what else can you ask for?!?! I was sold as soon as the word chippendales was mentioned LOL.. . I didn't stay at the Rio Hotel but my friends and I tried the Carnival Buffet. Holy smoking cowsaz! The line in this place was no joke! We decided to come way past lunch hour thinking we were smart.. boy! were we wrong! On the weekends they have brunch until 3:30ish for $25 (not including tax). We were waiting in line forever. We decided the fast track and add the extra $10. TRUST! it's worth it! especially when it's almost 3 pm and you partied like a rockstar the night before, like I did!. . The food was great! They still had breakfast available PLUS mimosas! They had a great variety of food. From Mexican to Chinese to American to Japanese and salads. ooh and the endless crab legs and shrimp!!MmmMmm! The desserts were ahhhmazing! they had a gelato bar the served coconut, cookies n cream, mango, vanila, etc.! My friends and I came out of the Carnival Buffet with food babies!. . Definitely be back to try the other buffets!
I stayed here because my friend received a free room Thursday and Friday because of the points he earned through Total Rewards.  Located on Flamingo Road a few minutes west of the Las Vegas Strip, Rio is a decent hotel. What they lack, in terms of the quality of the hotel, they make up for with the size of their rooms and service.. . Quality of the Hotel: 3/5. It's not as nice as some of the hotels on the Strip, but their rooms are comfortable. Everything is easy to access, and you don't have to walk around too much to get anywhere.. . Rooms: 4/5 stars. For the price, the rooms are pretty big. It was just me and my friend staying there, but we could've had several more people stay in our room more comfortably.. . Service: 5/5 Stars. -The front desk were quick to take care of people checking in and out, so we didn't have to wait awhile. They were really accommodating.. -When we ordered items to be brought up from the housekeeping staff, they came within 10 minutes, which is pretty fast in my experience with Vegas hotels.. . Pool: 4/5 Stars. The pool area consists of 3 separate pools. 1 with a DJ spinning and another with a grotto- like area.  This is a good place to go to chill. Mostly an older crowd and families. If you want to mingle with younger crowd, this isn't the pool to go to.
The Rio is a must to stop at when you're in Vegas.. The buffet is awesome, they have something for everyone.. In the masquerade side of the casino they have a show on the hour after 5 with real singers/dancers (not lip syncers). And they throw mardi gras beads out during the show in the sky. (Really cool). The bartenders even do a bottle spinning show and whoever screams the loudest gets frees drinks/shots.. . Totally fun and a surprise (I thought it was going to be depressing and run-down). . We will be staying here next time if I can get a comp.
I wish that I was able to stay at Rio for more than 10 hours (we were actually able to check-in early, but we absolutely had to check out by midnight to catch our flight back home).  Nevertheless, I had a generally pleasant, hassle-free stay here - and for me, that's what's most important on a vacation.  . . Pros:  . The front desk has separate lines for check-in and check-out.. The awesome floor-to-ceiling view from the hotel room.. Two sinks (one located in the bathroom, and the other located right outside the bathroom).. Five or six ample-sized wall mirrors (includes the large mirror over the closet doors). The sofa and office desk.. Option to check-out from the room.. Professional, customer-service oriented staff, not just at the front desk but also at the logo gift shop.. . Cons:  . The walk from the parking lot to the hotel itself is pretty long (I'm not sure if this was because we didn't know about the two parking garages).. Our hotel room was located at the end of a long corridor.. . On a related note, Rio is home to Carnival World Buffet!  We got there about half an hour before closing and I wasn't too hungry, but what I did manage to eat was pretty yummy!
This review was from 2007. The Rio was a not on the strip but was still a great place to stay. It had some nice bars, the casino was nice and the sports book was great. The rooms were huge although we didn't spend much time there. The outdoor pool and bar was awesome.
HOTEL REVIEW ONLY.. . I haven't stayed at the Rio in so long. But we were all there this weekend. Compared to the Westin in Vegas...this hotel rocks though! LOL!. . Rooms, not bad. Bigger "suite" rooms with fridge and such. The two wings (Impanema and Masquerade) are kind of far from each other though. . . Need more $10 Blackjack tables for the poor folks like me. . . Even though the hotel is off the strip, they still provide shuttles to Harrah's and Caesars. . . They do need more fast food restaurants in the hotel though (the BK doesn't cut it). . . Elevators and some areas need a touching up though.. . Dog friendly hotel. Cool! Love the singing and dancing waitresses!  :)
Okay, the first time I stayed here I didn't even get to sleep. LOL Oh, you know how bachelorette parties go. LOL But first time I thought the rooms were spacious and pretty. . . Now, on to the past couple of days ago...We checked in on a Tuesday afternoon. OMG! What an awesome stay in the I-panema Tower?!?! We even got a free up grade to a suite on the 19th floor. Love that! :-) The room was beautiful with an awesome view of the strip - 2 queen bedroom with a huge bathroom with a whirlpool tub and glass shower, living room, dining room table, mini bar area, and separate hallway bathroom. . . Seriously, I'm taking one star off for one reason...What?!?! No free Wi-Fi!!! Yah, that sucks ass! Vegas makes sooo much money off of us just in gambling alone and we can't get free internet access. That's lame! Sorry, but even the Travelodge offers free wi-fi. . . Okay, back to more praises! LOL The YUMMY buffets: . - The Seafood Buffet is a seafood overload and more. (Dear Lord, please let my stomach be bigger than my eyes. Amen.) LOL I tried to eat everything but it's virtually impossible. Mmm...lobster, scallops, shrimp, king crab legs, stone crab claws (which are a bitch to crack open), pasta with seafood, fish (of all kinds), prime rib (they do have other things besides just seafood. lol), etc. . - Carnaval World Buffet is still yummy til this day. There's something for everyone. There are somethings that are hit and miss but there's so much to try to sample. Again, I wish my stomach was bigger than my eyes. HAHAHA . . Not that I don't appreciate the buffets, but I wish they had a food court or something. Sometimes you just want a really quick bite with a smaller price. It's cuz we can't all be millionaires. . . I love the location of the hotel. I never knew how close we really are to the strip. Also, you can take advantage of the free shuttle rides to their partner hotels - Paris, Harrah's, Bally's, Caesar's. WOOHOO! You know how I feel about free. ;-) Hopefully they'll be more money in my pocket when I come back. I smell...re-review...LOL
This hotel was awesome from the moment we arrived. Since it was our anniversary they upgraded us for free to a suite and it was amazing. The pool is really nice, even though the hotel is off the strip their are shuttles that take you to Harrahs, Ballys, and Paris until 1 am for free.  Cabs cost about 7 bucks to get you to the strip if its past 1 am. The only reasn they get a 4 out  of 5 is because the rio buffet had a really long line and it wasnt too great but they do have an awesome deal of spending $45 for all you can eat buffets all day long at Rio, paris, imperial palace, and 3 other hotels I cannot remember.
One of the classic hotels of Las Vegas...due to the BUFFETS :p. .   It's a great, simple hotel nothing too over the top but definitely worth the stay here. Despite the age of the Rio they did a great job updating the furniture, making it contemporary and very comfortable.. .   There was a long line at check in but what do you expect? It's the weekend, everyone goes to Vegas on the weekends. But once we got to the front of the line the staff was very helpful and cordial.. .   Personally if I had to deal with all those people, I would lose my mind haha, so kudos to the staff of the Rio for keeping their cool. Obviously it's a little far from the strip so bring extra money for cabs.. . Still a great place to stay after all these years, keep it going Rio :D
Rio, of course I wouldn't be reviewing this Hotel outta the blue. Of course this is where we stayed at during our weekend trip to vegas! I know there are a lot of people that prefer to stay on the strip and what not, but seriously staying just a little bit off the strip I have no problem with. Plus we had our room comped, so I wasn't complaining at all! Rio is a pretty big hotel, which also holds the biggest and to a lot of people the best buffet. . . I loved the Rio though, why because they seriously have like 4 tables right next to each other all three card poker! Of course vegas being vegas, during peak hours fri - sun all the tables are 10 dollars. I was itching to play three card poker the whole time, and so I tried it out on 10 dollar tables, and yeah it destroyed me! Our dealer was really funny, and very talkative, and that seriously makes table games fun! She told us to come during the morning, usually its not busy and tables are five dollars, so right away I set my alarm at 7am to make sure I am down here for those 5 dollar tables! . . The buffet here is seriously really huge, you can literally burn your first plate walking down the different options of food! You can get full, and just walk up and down looking at what to try next, and by the time you get your plate full..you will be hungry again, no joke!! Huge brownie points for having delicious crab legs!! . . I love that the Rio also has a show that is visible to the public. Usually consists of singing and dancing, and then after that these like huge boats and stuff circle around a certain part of the casino, and the louder your cheer for the dancers and what not, it rains rio necklaces! I scored me one, cause yeah I can cheer and yell pretty damn loud! . . Overall Rio is an awesome place to stay at, their rooms are pretty much suite's, they are all big and spacey. Again if you don't mind being off the strip, I think Rio is the best bet, awesome place to gamble, eat and of course drink!
The hotel itself is a bit outdated and nothing to brag about.. But the casino has a lot of different gaming options and the slots are as loose as my sister. We tripled our money this trip, and we haven't done that at any other casino.. The poker tournament was a free offer, with free 15,000.00 in play chips and an easy way to make a litle money since only 400 people entered, and on top of it they comped our room for entering. If you play at any of thier affiliates they are very generous with the offers they send out.. The guys loved the cocktail waitresses, as they must hve been the closest to naked they get and the resteraunts inside the casino were amazing.
How can you not grab a meal here during a Vegas stay? This place never gets old as the food they carry are all around average (except some sushis). . . Their mongolian grill gets a little too sweet with the soy sauce but you can tell the cook you want it not so sweet and everything will be fine. Their service is always inconsistent but in the end, if you want service then I guess I should just go to a fancier place.. . But overall, this place is great as a buffet.
we stayed here cuz the boy friend was playing in a few of the WSOP tournaments here and + by the time we booked  it waas the cheapest place to stay other than imperial palace which is a major dump( but its located on the strip) i was a bit worried about the suites being majorly outdated and nasty but i made sure to ask the recepetionist for one of their updated suites and it was nice. theres a fridge as well. one fridge is stocked with stuff. and one fridge is empty for ur usage ! their mini bar has sensors or something so don't remove anything just to see. i did it and got dinnged 1 2 bucks lol even though i put it backwith in 10 seconds. oh wells.. . I stayed at planet hollywood earlier this year in thier studio suite, and all in all I did enjoy the rio much better, the rios bed were much more coomfy !! only down side was.. our room was next to the pool so come saturday morning the music was on full blast ! not good for someone suffering from a major hang over. =) oh and lastly the table limits were really high !! well for my standards they are anyways. the minimun bet for Pai Gow Poker was 50 bucks a hand..woah. 0_o..so needless to say I didnt do much gabmbling there.. . as for the VooDoo lounge.  the receptions gave us a stack of those cards that gives u free cover before 10 so we went there twice. since it was freee i enjoyed. but if i had to pay probly not. good music though, just no where to sit, and the crowd was much older.
Big rooms with bigger couches for my friends to sleep on, yay! Superb room service as we asked for extra towels almost twice a day! Employees were very friendly except for those working at Burger King. Minus one star for that and the fact that we had to pay 14 bucks for Wi-fi daypass.
Only went to the Rio to gamble and check out the Show in the Sky,, earned me some beads, watched some hot men shake their ass,,,,good times at the Rio
The Rio is the best hotel to stay at if you have a car. It's just off the strip so you can get in and out easily and jump right onto the 15. We've stayed here twice this year, for 5 nights in Feb., and for 8 nights in July.  Here's why: . I would give the Rio 5 stars if the restaurants weren't so overpriced. We made the the mistake of eating there twice in the first trip but never again. This last trip we brought a $6.00 throwaway toaster from Walmart, paper plates and a cutting knife, stopped at a nearby Trader Joe's and stocked up on staples for breakfast, fruit, snacks and sweets. . I bought 5 different restaurant Groupons in advance of the trip so we got to try some great new and different restaurants for even more savings (which I reviewed here on Yelp)! And I also found restaurants west of the Rio on Yelp before this last trip to try. . The rooms are huge, with a living room-type area, and good sized mini-fridge and comfortable. The only problem we had was we could hear our noisy neighbors through the door between rooms. We put extra towels down and that helped alot.. We only use valet parking when we stay here because it's just too far to walk to self parking when you want to mazimize your vacation time. . The boyfriend and I both have Total Rewards cards and for 8 nights we paid $150.08 including tax, 4 nights were comped. We gamble just long enough but low stakes to make sure I can comped for our next trip.  . I highly recommend the Rio as a great home base but we go elsewhere to eat, gamble and sightsee.
The Rio has never failed me once. Yes, it is away from the strip but it tends to have the best deals and the service is really good too. . . The room we got last time had two beds and a pull out bed and even with all that the room was huge. But let's be honest, you're in Vegas all you really need is a place to shower, release bodily fluids, and change clothes. If you're concerned about all the little details about your room then you are not partying in Vegas at all. But in all fairness, the Rio is a very nice place to stay even though it doesn't look as attractive from the outside. . . You are allowed to smoke in the hallways next to the elevators, in case you are a smoker.. . The Rio also has, in my opinion, THE best buffet in all of Vegas. I've been to the Bellagio and the thing that disappointed me most was they didn't have everything I wanted. However, at the Rio they had EVERYTHING! all of it tasted really delicious too, so you're definitely getting your money's worth. I believe this hotel is known for their buffet as well, so go here!
It was ok. I wish they had better ventilation, but whatever. We had a group who stayed with them for a week, and we were only provided feather pillows. I called down a couple of times to get non feather pillows as I have a sensitivity to them. Never got them.
Chi chi chiiiii!!! I love it here!! Many people really dont appreciate this gem because its off strip! But being a local you tend to appreciate these types of casino/hotels! I love that they offer local discounts! Most other places rarely pay homage to the people who actually live in the city of sin but the Rio takes care of us pretty good!!. . Sure it looks radical with its purple and red lights at night but its really a great place!!  They have many things to do if you're old enough. They have a lot of night entertainment such as VooDoo ROOFTOP lounge, and Crown nightclub. They also have different shows you can go see plus a bowling alley for the kids!. . Rio has many different eateries that you can try but when we go we always go to the Carnival World Buffet, locals get 50% off and even if you're not a local its still inexpensive!! I have a 5 yr old and they dont charge him, so thats nice. . . I've never stood in the hotel rooms, so maybe one day I can review them! It's a big casino and they have good slots also! They waitresses are also very personable and attentive, unlike other places!!. . I will def go back and think you should give it a try even if it is off strip!
Came here for a Bachelorette Party.... . ROOMS:. The rooms are what you get for the price... and not bad.. They are clean and there are connector rooms. The suites are spacious.. . CASINO:. Typical... smoke is worse tho.. . FOOD:. Buffet... mmmmm... seafood.. . OVERALL:. Good for the value off the strip.. . Will review again after the Star Trek Convention.
Good room quality, decent casino. The food on site is a bit expensive but the portions justify the price (the same can not be said for places on the strip). They have shuttles going to strip but dont count on them as they rotate about every 30min and generally require you to wait a full cycle due to the amount of people going. Cab fare is $5-$10 to get to the strip.. . The rooms are nice and big, its worth it to upgrade to the suite view if they extend you a special offer (I got it for $10 extra a night). The TV quality is crap but you're in Vegas, don't spend it watching TV!. . The food is expensive, expect to pay near $15-$20 a person without alcoholic drinks. Unlike other places I went to (notably Caesars) their portions are on par with the pay. Don't expect to get out cheaper, taxis to anywhere else will end up costing more. I had no issues eating at their sports deli almost exclusively during the convention. I actually sort of miss some of the sandwiches they make.. . The casino is pretty good. They have a decent assortment of games and a poker room that consistently plays $1/$3 NL holdem and $60-$80 NL tournaments. There was a full table at 11:00am on a Monday so its fairly active.. . Overall this is a great off strip place to stay if you want to save some money. I never had issues getting to or from the strip nor was I ever bored in the hotel. I'll no doubt return next year.
I stayed at the rio for a couple days before and then during a large conference (DEF CON 19), so I got a good look at the hotel in a range of conditions.. . It's definitely an older property.  The building itself is actually pretty nice, although it's off the strip, and while it's not in new condition, is maintained pretty well.  The casino is quite smoky compared to most others in Vegas -- the HVAC is definitely not up to the standard of the newest hotels.. . There isn't a really obvious theme to the casino; it's nominally about rio and carnival and parties, but it seems to be "1980s/1990s vegas casino" more than anything else -- it doesn't do badly, it's just that it's kind of bland.. . The rooms vary; the refurbished rooms in the smaller (Ipanema) tower are great, but the rooms in the main or masquerade tower, especially if not refurbished, are a bit worn.. . Aside from the buffet (which is quite good, and on par with Spice Market at Planet Hollywood; an especially good deal with the Harrah's Buffet of Buffets), I wouldn't really consider the Rio's dining establishments and bars to be great; adequate if you're staying in the hotel, but not a destination in themselves (unlike various eateries and bars at the Wynn, Bellagio, City Center, etc.).. . I didn't gamble much, but from what I did play (maybe 1-2h of craps), I wasn't overly impressed by the casino; $10 minimum bets on craps almost all the time ($5 would have been more appropriate off-strip), and some of the dealers made mistakes, or didn't catch player mistakes, although the box man and pit boss quickly resolved all disputes in the player's favor.. . This hotel is an EXCELLENT value for conventions -- if I were looking for a venue for a convention, large meeting, or other event which brought its own theme, the Rio would be my first choice in Las Vegas for anything but the highest budget events.. . My favorite part of the hotel was the staff -- even for Las Vegas, they were quite friendly, helpful, and well informed.  During large events they're a bit understaffed (this seems to be common in Las Vegas overall now, due to the recession), but while there were delays at the busiest periods (e.g. Sunday valet and bell service), they were great.
Stayed here for my first visit to Las Vegas, it was an awesome hotel and I loved my stay. Great staff, great service, and even better buffet.. . Had an amazing time here and I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in a visit to Las Vegas, however it is not on the strip. As crazy as this may sound for someone going to vegas, I'm not big on gambling and I rarely do, so the stay alone was good enough for me!
Oh, Rio. You had no idea what you were getting yourself into by hosting DefCon, but you handled it with class and style.. . For those not in the know, Defcon is a huge hacker convention. If there's something the attendees can break, break into, or otherwise take apart to figure out how it works, how to break it, and if you're lucky and it's one of the good guys, how to fix it, it will happen. In the past, attendees have hacked ATMs, hacked security cameras, attempted to hack a slot machine and base jumped off the roof. This year, all I've heard about thus far is someone tampering with elevator security cameras, hacking of the lights/sound in the presentation rooms, and, oh, someone set up a MitM setup to intercept all data communications on t-mobile and at&t.. . And the Rio dealt with it beautifully. Keep in mind that this is a con that has been thrown out of venues before (surprising, right?), so watching the staff at the Rio keep their cool was reassuring and helped the non-con-goers to stay out of the fray.. . The casinos are mid-range between classy and trashy. The shopping isn't fantastic, but you can definitely get what you need and want. There's a shuttle from Rio to the strip from 9AM-1AM, so don't worry about being off the strip; they're happy to help. Most of the dining establishments are decent, and I really loved VooDoo Steakhouse.. . Their room service is good, except when they are really swamped. They offer late checkout at 4PM for an extra $50 (which, if you are lazy like us, is fantastic). If you like free floor shows, they have scantily-clad men and women singing and dancing on the hour in the evening. And who doesn't like that?  :D
The Rio is my favorite hotel to stay at in Las Vegas. Yes if you pay a lot more money at another casino you'll receive a bigger, fancier room but that's obvious. I only payed about 60 dollars a night and the Rio always has great deals if you check online. The casino has a whole party atmosphere to it and there are always really good looking girls everywhere. The reason is that they hire very good looking workers plus there are two clubs there plus you have so many girl tourists walking around. So if you want a casino with lots of eye candy this is the place. I gambled at the bar and they were constantly giving me free drinks. They also have a show where some boat thing goes around the casinos and everyone's goes nuts when it happens. Its quite entertaining. In addition I  was happy with my room. It was clean and had a huge wall to wall window that I could see the whole strip. For the price I played this place was awesome.
I go to Vegas often and try to stay at (and review) a different hotel each time I go. So far I've stayed at the Excalibur (ick!), Monte Carlo, Luxor (tower rooms ONLY), Flamingo (GO rooms are AWESOME!!), and now the Rio. Part of my stay was comped (3 out of the 4 nights we stayed) but that doesn't sway my opinion of the place. Yes, the rooms are BIG. Beds are oh so comfortable. The pillows are lacking but I've had worse. You get 2 fridges in the room (one's a mini-bar but the other is empty for your own stuff). We liked the bathroom. Spacious for 2 people to get ready at one time. The shower/tub combo is average. Tub isn't large enough for the average adult to bathe in (typical). The shower had great water pressure and there was ample space to put  your shower necessities which was nice - no fumbling. View was of partial-strip - what I expected. Rooms could use an update. The bench at the end of the bed was a bit crusty - they really need to get rid of these. Having the extra seating in the room (sofa, chair, desk with 2 upright chairs were nice and allowed us to hang in the room at times without feeling cramped). . . This hotel is not on the strip. No airport/hotel shuttle, which they SHOULD have since they are not a Strip hotel. Cab fare was reasonable from the airport - $25 to get there and around $18 back (I believe there was traffic on the way there). We did use the free hotel shuttle to their strip properties (Ballys and Harrahs) and took a cab back to the hotel (this was because we didn't want to wait in the heat of August for them). The cab back to the hotel ran about $10-$15 (depending where we left from). . . The casino is okay. We didn't "win" but we did play a LONG time on what we did put in. We didn't fare any better at any of the strip casinos either. Cocktail service at the Rio was AWESOME. We never had any problems or a long wait any of the 4 nights we were there. Yes, the entertainment (show in the sky, the servers who dance/sing) is WAY lame. Felt we were at the America's Got (some) Talent Casino. They really need to stop with the singing and dancing. No one stops and watches it except for the pervy men who gawk at  the dancers and then don't tip them when they're finished. I just don't see the point of this. . . I do have A LOT to say about the food during our stay, but those are separate reviews.. . Overall, I like the Rio. I will stay again but only if they give me a good deal (future comp?). I'd rather stay on the strip and have the convenience of other restaurants and the option to run to Walgreens for cheap soda and snacks (Rio wanted $3.95!! for a single soda in their store). And, I would be sure to bring my own pillow and pay for an upgraded room with a Jacuzzi.
Went there for the buffet - hadn't tried it in quite a few years. It still rocks, although is quite expensive now - $17.99.. . Highlights include the pork ribs, fried scallops, fried clams, and tempenyaki.. . Fried clams are difficult to find around southern California, and these were a pleasant surprise.. . Warning: Do not attempt to eat here unless you have a tremendous appetite - you'll need it just to sample a bit of everything, as the choices range from American comfort food to Italian, Chinese, sushi, Vietnamese, salad, a huge dessert bar (including gelato) and more!
The only reason to stay at the Rio is if every other room in LV is booked because you tried to make reservations three days before CES (as was the case with me one year) or if you really, really want to be within walking distance of the amazing buffet. It's as good as advertised.. . I've been to every notable buffet in Vegas and I still contend that Bally's Sunday brunch and Rio's world buffet are 1 and 1a when it comes to best places to eat in LV. It's too bad these food Meccas are in such janky locations.... . 3 stars on the strength of the buffet. 1 extra star because they upgraded me to a suite that was literally 1/3 of a tower floor, had 4 bathrooms, 2 ridiculously long hallways, and about 900 lbs. worth of oversized CRT televisions straight out of the early '90s.
Honestly, this hotel is like a "hidden" gem in LV. I researched a bit online to look for free things to do in LV and one of them is the Masquerade in the Sky event. So, the show starts at the top of every hour. We got there at 11pm. I heard music blasting loudly and went in with low expectations. There, I saw dancers on what seems to be a float attached in the ceiling that is going around in a conveyer belt attached to the ceiling. Everyone was screaming like crazy and the dancers threw out free necklaces to people above and below. I'm so glad that I had the chance to experience something a bit different than the typical clubbing event. They even had a bartender show where the bartenders do their own tricks with drinks. BEST OF ALL, the bartenders gave free shots to those who wanted it. I've never seen a hotel that generous. I really recommend those to check out Rio if you're sick of the clubs.
love stay here!!! This place has great resort feel and huge rooms. There is a great sports-book here and quick cocktail waitresses. I am already planning my next trip to Vegas.
This place is awesome!. . Last week was my Mom's birthday, and what better way to celebrate her big day with a surprise in Vegas.. . I am an only child, so I love spending all the time I can with my parents. I could think of no better way than hang in luxury in a suite.. . The Rio was pretty awesome! We had a 19th floor luxury suite that faced the strip. Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Wynn, Paris. We could see it all!. . The dining area and living room was huge. We had two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a ridiculous living room and my favorite part....a wet bar, with keurig coffee maker :). . The rooms are well-maintained (at least on this floor, and in the ipanema tower), and the rates are pretty reasonable. The staff is very accommodating.. . If I need to stay near the strip, this would be a good option.. . Nice work, Rio! Thanks for making my Mom's birthday stay an enjoyable one.
This is my favorite hotel to stay in when I come to Vegas. The rooms are spacious and very clean. We always get great service. They offer a mid day show for free (bunch of half naked women dancing on the ceiling!)  Its got a Mardi Gras feel to it. One of my fav Vegas clubs is Voo  Doo located here! My only complaint is the buffet, called Worlds Buffet. I've  only eaten it once...but that was enough to know I won't come back to it! At first I thought it was because I was hungover but I wasn't the only one in the group who felt this way. After hearing about how great it was  I was pretty excited, I mean you can eat food from ANY ethnicity in one place!...SIKE! It was gross, tasted like microwave dinners. My suggestion is to stick to the hotel. It's a little far from the strip (not by much) but Vegas was ment to be an adventure right!?!! :)
Growing up, Vegas was always the family vacation destination.. and that was back in the 80's when the "family" portion of Vegas consisted of a small room with about 8 arcade machines and a bill changer.  Pops would give us 10 bucks and expect it to last all day while he Gamed in his own way.... . With that said, Pops is Diamond at the Rio now, so his rooms are free (well free with gambling ;) ).  This is the spot we typically stay at when in town.  when he cant score us a room at the Rio we (my fam, brother, sister, etc) stay across the street at Gold Coast.. Rio is a hip spot.  They've re imaged it several times since it was open, sticking with the Carnival theme.  The Cocktail Waitress costumes changed several times also but usually centers around a set of tits in a thongish leotard.  Gotta love Vegas.. The place is very busy but big enough that its easy to find the entertainment you're looking for.. I wasn't impressed with the buffet this last trip, in my opinion they're trying too hard to be too many things to too many different people. but that's probably another review.... Overall, the Rio feels like home, maybe because I spent alot of time there.  I recommend it.. word.
Great Place, I like the International Buffet but stay away from the Seafood Buffet.
I've been staying at the Rio for a numerous time. The rates here is affordable. Every regular room is a suite basically. It comes with either a one or two bedroom and also a pull out sofa bed. It also comes with a mini bar/fridge and a safe. Big bathroom as well. . . you can try:. . smartervegas.com or www.efxvip.com for cheap rates.
Just off the strip, this is a fine, older type of hotel. The rooms are very nice, the price is good and the staff are quite nice. Three pools which can be cold but cater to different types of folks. No river pool, however. Best seafood buffet in Vegas!
Super late check in and got upgraded to the PENT HOUSE!. . Two levels. Grand piano where I got my Alicia Keys on. One bedroom overlooking the living room downstairs. Two bathrooms, one massive. TVs IN the mirrors of the main bathroom. Jacuzzi tub which I floated in while watching TV. Windows reaching from the bottom level to the second level's ceiling. . Just simply amazing! . . When I got home, I checked their website to see how much this would normally run for. The pent house wasn't even listed to normally reserve.. . Talk about VIP status!
My boyfriend and I are Total Rewards members and used our comps to stay at the Rio. Our stay was November 5 to the 10th. I paid $67 for the whole week. I gave 4 stars because this was our first time staying at this hotel and can't compare it to any previous stays there.. . We flew in on the 4th and check-in isn't until 4 p.m. the next day. We decided to try anyway and learned we would have to pay a hundred something for Friday since their cycle doesn't start over till the check-in time. That was okay. I had family living 20 minutes away whose house we could crash at. The young lady who assisted us at the counter was very pleasant.. . Fast forward to 4 p.m. The young lady that helped us the night before was still working! Poor thing. But it was a gentleman who checked us in and was just as pleasant. We chose not to get an upgrade of a renovated room with a view of the strip. Our suite was in the Masquerade Tower on the eighth floor. It was a pretty large size. After walking taking a tour of the room, I sat down on the bed and realized the pictures on the website did not match what we have. The photos on the website were of the renovated rooms. I couldn't really complain, especially for $67. We still did have a view of the strip, though. (See attached photo). The couch was a little tattered on one corner. The drain in the shower was slow draining. One end of the towel rack on the shower door fell off when I hung a towel, but was easily fixed. TV is old school style. Still, I cannot complain. We were mostly happy with having a refrigerator and the room was clean. Housekeeping did a good job whenever we asked for room service. She even gave us extra shampoo and soap eventhough we weren't really using them. I ordered in-room breakfast and the man who served us was very nice. . . I would definately stay here again.
There is best show in Las Vegas. It is also free!
I went into this experience having read other reviews and I was expecting to get an outdated room with less than desirable conditions, however I was surprised and we had a hell of a deal. I was staying for a convention and had a rate of $45 a night. My husband and I got a newly furnished room on the 16th floor. I LOVED the dressing area outside the bathroom.  The rooms were spacious, well lit, and comfortable.  The casino is off the strip by the palms and the gold coast.  There was enough inside the casino to keep entertained before and after the seminar I was attending, and a free shuttle to the other properties (paris, ballys, etc) for when you wanted something different. I had a memorable experience - I was there over veteran's day and they were hosting a marine corps ball. Seeing everyone in uniform was quite the experience over veterans day. The seafood buffet was great, there are ample starbucks and bars inside the property as well.  I would definitely stay here again, and I was, like I said, apprehensive to begin with. For the price, we definitely got our money's worth and more.
First time staying at the Rio in their suites and it certainly lived up to its comfy reputation.  The couch, coffee table, desk, and bathroom was very well spread out.  The furniture and beds certainly have had better days but if square footage and elbow room is what you are looking for, then Rio covers this in spades.  Having two sinks in the bathroom was nice but no fan inside the shower/toilet room.  Wireless internet and 3G coverage on AT&T was crappy from our 5th floor room.  I have a theory that hotels weaken 3G coverage to force guests to buy their wireless internet...watch and find out one day when I get proof!. . Love their center bar with the dancing hosts and all.  The Masquerade part with the open ceiling was nicer than the cramped gambling area inside where the ceiling was super low.  The self parking lot was a quite bit away from the casino.  I parked on the 2nd floor and walked to the casino entrance from the ground level.  They also have a 4th floor walkway as well but I didn't want to bother going down an escalator just to get to my car.. . Gambling wise, no cheap tables here even during the early early morning hours.  The waitresses here were pretty good about drink orders.  During peak times, they used iPads to take down our orders.  . . For $120 per night, no resort fees(big plus), I can certainly do worse for a Saturday and Sunday visit.  I've always been a fan of the seafood buffet but they offer no coupons for hotel guests so staying here isn't really an advantage besides convenience.  I'm on the fence if I do stay here again...
Rio has very slow elevator, when it's busy you may need to wait for a long time.. we stayed at the honeymoon suite. it has two living room and 1 dining room.. the Jacuzzi bath tub is almost in the room because there no wall between the bathroom and bedroom. separate room for toilet and shower. and one more half bathroom in the living room.. this will be a room I want to come back for.
We decided to stay off the strip this time around. We wanted to relax more, without all the crowds. Plus the rooms were a lot cheaper, so we put the extra money we saved on a rental car. We drove everywhere, so we didn't have to walk as much. It was pretty cool, because it didn't take us forever to get to one location to another. Especially when we went out at night, instead of getting a taxi, we hopped into our car.  . I was very pleased with the room, it was fancy, but huge and comfortable compare to other Vegas trips I have been on. Only problem was that we booked for double beds and they were only able to give us a King bed, but there was a pull out couch. . The food choices was okay. We went back on the strip to eat though, but the bar at the pool was pretty cool. The pools wasn't crowded like the other casinos, plus they had a DJ playing music and the bar was open. It was a nice day at the pool.. When I come back to Vegas, I'll come back to RIO and stay, if I want to rent a car.
My first time staying at the Rio and I just was amazed at how great the service was. Yes this place looks like it is still in the 80's with that ugly color on the outside but the rooms in the inside weren't bad at all. . . Got comped rooms at the Rio a queen bed that also allowed our doggy. It wasn't a bad place to stay and I was actually really surprised! Also we got two free cute doggie bowls for our new puppy. He loved them! . . Stayed for the weekend had a great time and everything was free what else can I ask for? :) . . The only thing that I would suggest is not to valet your car because the self park seems much faster to get to the hotel. Also they do have a lot of these weird shows which half naked girls are dancing in what seems like underwear. A lot of people were looking at it. The music was good though. :) So no complaints on my end.
I came to Vegas for The Super Nationals Go-Karting Event which was in the Rio parking lot. I got a good view of the race track too  :). This was good for a few night stay. The rooms where nice and clean. And restraunts were only okay. But I enjoyed my stay watching the race and having the Starbucks in the hotel. ~ Overall, a HIGH 4 Star review
5 stars for being pet friendly without charging extra. stayed @ Rio for 2 nights during Thanksgiving wknd.. They have petstay rooms where you can have 2 small dogs. (2 schnauzers). pretty big room (around 600 sq ft) and nice grass area beside the parking structure for dogs do their business.. . had a problem with a barking dog next door but they called the owner and no more barking.. don't like the smell of smoke but not much you can do, it's Vegas.. . Paid about $170 for 2 nights but  just found out I have comp rooms available  already. I only played machines for few hours.
Definitely the best value for your money in Vegas.  Newer than most hotels on theStrip and boasts the buffet in town.  Also has a convenient shuttle that takes you to and from the Strip (Harrah's).  Everything here is perfect except for shower water pressure.
Best bang for you buck!. . Took the family to Vegas and we enjoyed our stay at the RIO.  We booked it through TripRes and they threw in 2 free 24hr adult buffet at the RIO or any of the 7 hotels.. . The room was a huge suite with a wall of glass with a beautiful view.  The staff was very polite and friendly.  There are more expensive hotels to stay at but this suited us just fine.
This was my first time at the Rio although I go to Vegas 4-5 times a year. This trip was unplanned and I simply booked the least expensive room I could find for a quick trip. I was very happy with the Rio. The room was beautiful, the bed amazingly comfortable and the bathroom was excellent (plenty of towels, water pressure and lighting). Will definitely stay here again. Also, loved the American Bar & Grill at the hotel, please see separate review.
I left my IPhone charger in the room, called Lost and Found, got a call back within a few hours, they had it and mailed it to me....that is CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Stayed there President's Day weekend (February 17th and 18).  Got a great price and really like that all the rooms are suites.  Sure, it is off the strip, but the half hourly shuttle they offer  that drops you off at Bally's or Harrah's is great.  I also did the $50 Buffet deal where you get in and out privileges at the Caesars Group hotels (Rio, Planet Hollywood, Paris, etc).  Great Deal, and the Rio was a great buffet, and looking forward to the renovated Caesars Buffet to open.  No resort fees too!  Great place for the price.
We checked in 3/3/12 and stayed for 3 nights completely comp from my Total Rewards.  This is our 3rd stay at the Rio.  Always had a great experience.  Front desk and concierge is always very helpful.  Rest of the staff were very polite.  Good morning, good afternoon, have a good night, good luck.  Wait staff even in the casino always introduce themselves.  Even though it takes forever to get a drink.  We stayed in the Inpanema tower.  Never in the Masquerade tower (rooms are outdated the times I've visited friends in that tower).  They still have tube tv's in the room.  Who cares, how much TV do you watch when you are in Vegas. It is a old hotel, don't expect rooms like the Wynn, Mandalay Bay, Vdara, Aria and other newer hotels. We were only in the room to sleep.  Did not use internet this time around because it is cheaper to pay your cell phone carrier $20 a month to use your iPhone or Android as a hotspot.  Reception and 3G is spotty in the hotel.  But thats in every hotel in Vegas even at the Wynn and Ceasers.  The Rio location is great if you don't want the hustle and bustle of the strip.  If you have a rental car, it is easy to get on the highway and close to Chinatown, outlets, Ethel M Chocolate Factory and etc.   Wish security was better.  No one to check your room key to get up to the rooms at night.  Someone can just follow you into the elevators. They run buffet specials for the locals for half off.  So, be ready to stand in line if you want to hit the buffet for dinner.  Sign up for their mobile alerts for deals.  We got one for $5.99 breakfast buffet Mon-Sun from 8-10am if you show the txt msg.  Overall....we are a fan of the Rio. Will definitely stay there again.
Located off the strip at I-15 and Flamingo Across the freeway from Caesars Palace the Rio is a huge entertainment complex. I have stayed at The Rio 4 times while in Vegas. There are very cute waitresses and fun bartenders everythere throughout the property. The checkin has always run smoothly. The casino seems to always have something going on . Singers, Chippendale strippers signing autographs, etc. etc. From The the Show in the Sky to the Sexy Voodoo Beach, this place is fun! The I-Bar located right at front doors has awesome martini's and beautiful women in thongs serving them up to you! It can be hit or miss with the crowd. For dining options we have tried several. First the famous Village Seafood buffet. WOW!! From cut up lobster to prime rib its amazing. Be starving when you arrive! Its pricey at around $39 but its worth every penny. The World Buffet is very good as well and there are numerous coupons for it. The All American Bar and Grille is ok, nothing great, a bit pricey I feel for what we got. Then there is Cafe Martoranos? .....Very pricey Italian food, but good. The meatballs are to die for!! And the veal was very well prepared!!  But my favorite restaurant is the Voodoo Steakhouse. Located 50 floors up with fantastic views, its over the top outstanding. The bayou seafood platter appetizer is awesome. The scallops, the Tomahawk Ribeye, the dry aged NY...Its all well prepared but can be very pricey . Plan on $100-120 PP minimum with wine. After dinner at the steakhouse head up the staircase to dance the night away at Rio's Voodoo Rooftop Nightclub. The views are amazing. You can sneak up there for sunset as well and its well worth it. If you want to save money on drinks buy a witch doctor! They cost about $30 and you drink one or two of those and your night is set!! There are plenty of VIP seats and this place is generally fairly lax on the seating issues. This is not a Vegas hot club at this time, but it will get crowded!  If your early enough you can find places inside to set down without bottle service, which is an exception for most of the popular nightlife spots. The Rio's sportsbook is just average, while the casino floor is usually energetic! I enjoy most the dealers and staff at the Rio! Very friendly , nice, and fun!! Also to get to Vegas strip you can drive,take a cab, walk (17-18 minutes) or take the free shuttle which comes about every 30 minutes ."On to the rooms. They are large and always clean. If you can grab one of Rio's deals on the suites. Do it!!! The Masquerade Suites are HUGE! Over 1600 sq ft and I have stayed in them for as low as $119. Currently booking them for $125 on Harrahs website for April!! There is really not a whole lot of difference between the Deluxe Rooms or the Premium ones. Beds are fine, bathrooms ok. These Rooms could use some updating. The Pool is great and was very entertaining when the Saphire ladies used to work there!!! I think after a police sting or two, they are back at the club!!  Enjoy your visit, I always do!.
We have been visiting Las Vegas at least once every year since 1998 and we still go back every visit to the Rio. Their free show in the sky is worth an admission ticket. It is fun and entertaining. The Rio used to have the best buffet in Las Vegas, but sadly, I never go there anymore; overpriced and overcrowded. But some of the other restaurants make up for the shortcomings! Excellent. And the view from the restaurant and lounge on the 40th floor is flat spectacular, worth photographing!. I highly recommend at least a visit to this convenient Casino when in Las Vegas!
They have the best buffet in all of Vegas. It's pricey but if you are starving, have a good appetitie and want to eat a bit of everything.
I stayed the night at the Rio and it was amazing!!! . . alright.. parking sucks if you are stopping by to see a show or eat at one of the spots downstairs... but what hotel on or near the strip is good?. . the staff was very friendly as I didnt know where things were, they helped by pointing me to the right direction. . . Price was great, as I stayed for free through a family's discount.. . the room I had was very spacious and clean.
Rio came recommended as a place to enjoy in Vegas. We went and hung around for a couple of hours and here's my take:. . . Rio was great and was the only casino I came out ahead at. Rio had the best complimentary margaritas and I believe had the best list of complimentary beers of the places I went as well. Free Guiness? You betcha! Sure it was from a can but a canned Guiness still trumps a Budweiser any day of the week.. . The atmosphere was party-like with people of seemingly all demographics partying it up and having a good time.. . Some things I saw were a Burger King Whopper bar, an Irish pub type joint, some over-the-top bartenders pouring drinks in a suggestive manner that drove the ladies nuts, a little song and dance show thing with half naked guys and chicks in skimpy clothes and those same people throwing out mardi gras beads from boats that were hung from the ceiling with tracks so they could move around.. . The crowd seemed to enjoy it and it seemed pretty cool but I was focused on winning so I didn't give the show my full attention.. . Parking was easy. It's not on the strip which is cool in that maybe there's not as much crap to put up with. That being said I noticed a lot more cops driving around that area than other places so perhaps they're on the lookout over there for something.. . Overall I liked it and would go back for fun anytime.
The Rio is an older hotel with old Las Vegas style. They have a show called "Show In The Sky" with singing and dancing. They throw beads and you can catch them.
This hotel may belong to Harra's but they sometimes don't behave like a Harrah's hotel, My stay was really good. I was checked into a room that was supposed to be closed cause someone had apparently spilled a cup of coffee on the carpet it looked like coffee. As the bellman was checking me in the Housekeeping manager was right behind us and appogized profusely that this room was not to be sold and there was some error in the system with the front desk. So she called down on her radio and in 30 seconds I and my bellman were directed back to the elevators to the penthouse level. I thought I was getting some huge upgrade. The rooms there are just bigger, no big change at all. And I have stayed at Rio before. That's the thing about the Rio, they call it a suite just because the room is BIG ... but is mostly open and wasted space.Put in a microwave and then maybe you can call it a suite!!!!!. As I siad I had a great stay, I was on a scooter becuase of knee surgery and my MASSIVE room gave me room to turn around with it.The bathroom was TINY for a person with a disability using a wheelchair. They seriously need to look at that.. Servious was amazing for the disabled
The Rio.  My old second home.  Seriously its like I lived here.  Back in the day I was quite the gambler.  So I stayed exclusively at Harrahs properties.  But back then they were Caesars properties.... OK I'm dating myself.  Anywho, Rio was my hotel of choice.  Now lets get down to the good, the bad and the ugly.. . THE GOOD:. . Gambling here is amazing.  At least from a Craps girls point of view.  When I want to throw my hard earned money away with little to no chance of ever getting it back here is where I want to do it.  Its lively and exciting, and once you get at a good table that drink lady is there ever 5 minutes.  Me being the lush I am, I never turned her down.  Which led to me having 3 drinks at once.  Oh the good times.  . . The rooms..... OK, here is the trick to the rooms.  If you want a newly remodeled room stay in the new towers.  The decor is nice but the rooms are small.  Me personally Id rather have a larger room then new decor.  But to each their own.  In Vegas I need all the room I can get to throw my stuff around.  The rooms in the Masquerade a HUGE.  But, beware.... Some of the rooms have a window into the shower.  I didn't notice until I was taking a shower and saw my son. I felt violated.  lol.  Also, if you ever get the chance stay in a Masquerade Suite.  AMAZING.  Dining room, living room, picture windows, great view......  I miss this place already.. . The amenities... The Buffet, Voodoo Lounge, The Pool.  All great.. . . THE BAD:. . Location.  The major drawback is that the Rio is off the strip.  But thanks to cabs this is an obstacle you can overcome.  So deal with it, your wallet will thank you.. . THE UGLY:. . OK maybe I jumped the gun with The Ugly, but it rolled right off my thumbs.. . . . For Harrahs Diamond Players go visit the Diamond Lounge.  Free food and drinks, I love it.
Nice place with great service.  Front desk checking was excellent.  Downfall only, is that it's off the strip and the place could use a bit more fresh air.  I like it because of the low price and it's a suite.  Room was very excellent, they actually upgrade me for free.  Gaming floor is pretty big compare to some others.  Not a big fan on their blackjack tables.  Single deck forces all cards to lay face down (hate that).  Free shows daily (Show in the skies).  And for the ladies.. Chippendales.  Buffet is a solid choice (even better if you are a local, discounts for locals) Carnival offers a huge selection and is remodel recently.  Pool is nice, they have a sand beach.  . . Parking is a plenty, depends on where you want to be closer by.
Rooms can't be beat, they're all suites with fridges and pull out sofas for extra visitors. Front desk personnel are pretty cold if you don't flash your diamond card, found out the difference when I forgot to show my card and the drastic change in attitude when I found it. The housekeeping crew are as sweet as can be. Don't forget to leave them a daily tip, they work they're asses off to clean up your nasty messes, hook them up!. . The AABG restaurant food is pretty good. Go see our friend Tracy, he's probably the nicest guy you'll meet. Great customer service, always smiling. . . Voodoo Steak House food is AWESOME. Well worth the pricing $$$$. The lounge has an amazing full strip view. Our waiter was super nice.. . The poker room is a great place for conversation and to meet good people. The dealers are so sweet,  you'll definitely meet some characters late night. The "beverage ambassadors" are, for the most part, really nice and remember your favorites real fast.. . I don't list reviews about the casinos, they're pretty much all the same when you're losing. If you want to win, high limit slots is the way to go. My luck is impeccable in those things.
Bought this trip thru Travelzoo. . Got a great deal where we got VIP to Voodoo for each night we were there and $30 meal credit for each day we were there.. . Get there and the check in was super fast, easy and the front desk was wonderful.. Told us where and where we couldn't use the meal credit.. . Went to our room and it was HUGE! We had a wonderful view from 28 stories up of The Strip. Our room did have the window into the shower ~ I didn't mind it much, the hubby LOVED it.. . PROS:. Rooms were huge and clean. Room service said 45-50 mins and they came sooner with super hot food. The VooDoo Lounge - LOVED it! And since it was a Thursday, there wasn't a line at all. The taxi service was fast (but see CONS). . CONS:. I didn't really care for the slots they had. I wanted a Wheel of Fortune Machine. Don't go when the Italian Festival is in town...second night of our stay, we had to wait over 30 mins for a cab because street was blocked off. Asked our driver to take us to Bellagio and he didn't want to because of traffic. After I told him we HAD to go there, he took us there. . Too far off Strip (about $15 cab ride). . Overall,. I would definately stay here again without all the perks but they made the stay so much better. I would just plan better all my taxi rides, they really took up some drinking $$
I stayed at Rio in  April for the first time ever.  As a comparison, I've stayed at Caesars, Mirage, Wynn, Imperial Palace, and Flamingo.. . I must say I was very happy with my stay here.. . I checked in on Easter Sunday, around noon.  The checkin was fast and she was nice.. . The room itself was big.  I think they are the biggest standard room in Las Vegas.  Two queen beds, a nice big bathroom, a couch, and floor to ceiling windows.  My view was of the Palms and the mountains, no complaints here.. . Next up was the pool, dubbed VooDoo Beach.  It features 4 pools (3 were open).  One pool is more of a beach.  The second pool is kidney shaped, with very warm water.  The third pool was a beautiful fountain in t, but that water was ice water, like Atlantic Ocean water in NH!  There was pool side service, a bar, and a little shop for soda, water, sun tan lotion, etc. Pricey but not surprised given it is poolside in a casino.. . The shuttle service to the Strip was good, not great. They run every half hour to Bally's and Harrah's, but there can be too many people to be honest, and it runs from 10am-1am I believe.  I guess you can't complain because it is free.  Out of my four days there, I used it 10 times.  Just once I got fed up and took a cab from Harrah's to Rio, it was less than $11.  It also $7 from Krave to Rio (Krave is a club near Planet Hollywood).. . The Show in the Sky is my favorite "free show" in Las Vegas.  It just a blast, great music, hot guys and girls, and it turns the casino floor into a party every hour, on the hour, after 6pm.. . I would stay here again.  Its a quick walk to The Palms and Gold Coast Casino, and for the most part, a free shuttle away from The Strip.  The rooms are spacious, it'll satisfy your gambling needs for a little less cost than a comparable hotel on the strip.. . I stayed here complimentary, by the way.  Im not a big time gambler, though I definitely gamble.  But sign up for the Total Rewards program, the perks are definitely worth it.  Its a shared player's club with 40 casinos nationwide, including Caesars, Harrahs, Flamingo, and Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas.
We just got home from staying the weekend at the Rio with 17 other couples. The check-in was quick and painless. We spent$59/night weeknight, and $79/night weekend. Our room was very spacious, clean, and comfortable. The desk clerk tried to get us to upgrade the room (for an additional $200/night - yea right....sure...not).. . We did notice that checkin at midnight to 2am has VERY long lines.. . We also were celebrating our wedding anniversary, so we chose to dine at the VooDoo restaurant on the 50th floor. Yea...$200 for dinner and no drinks....but the food was AWESOME, the atmosphere was elegant, the service was phenomenal, and the experience romantic (yea....I got a few husband points to be sure). Even I found it quite enjoyable and well worth the visit...will do so again the next time in Vegas.. . After dinner we went to the Voodoo Lounge on the 51st floor. The average age for women was about early to mid-thirties (very nicely dressed - okay - say it- HOT).  Most guys were mid 30's to mid 40's....but decidedly more women than men. The music was high energy and lot of people dancing.. . We have stayed at easily 20 to 25 hotels on or immediately near the strip. We LOVED the high energy of this hotel. Lots and lots of the beautiful people were here....and we certainly enjoyed the eye candy.. . Will definately return in the future...our new favorite Vegas hotel.
Besides the lock for the front door, none of the other locks worked. Locks come in handy when you are sitting on the throne and do not want to be bothered by the people you are staying with!  That is probably my only problem with this hotel. . . Everything else was great. The staff, the cleaners, and the people who calls the taxis..  . There is a burger king on the property and I love burger king.
We re here for the world series.  Everything is great... We even got an upgrade to a bigger n nicer suite.  Our suite is furnished with modern furnitures, a comfortable bed, flat screen tv n a beautiful dressing area.  However, there s music blaring from the pool!!!  We re on the 34 th floor n it's still bugged the heck out of me. :-(. I was offered to switch rooms but who wants to deal with that hassle?  So next time I ll be sure to request for a room that will be a little quite.
Originally came here to meet a friend that was playing in one of the WSOP tournaments, they were on break so we decided to eat at the Seafood Buffet. I devoured all the prime rib and crab legs I could eat - translation 3.5 refills LOL To end the meal I loved the chocolate and strawberry gelato. Definitely worth the price!
Dear Yelp, it's official: I AM 21. :D. . For my 21st birthday, I spent the night at a room here. I must say, quite a fun place to spend a 21st birthday at!. . Room: HUGE. To begin with, it was already in the older tower and yet it was still quite impressive. Two comfortable beds, a couch, a chair, a table/mini-office space and a fridge....it was almost like a miniature apartment. The view was also quite amazing, looking right over the pool and straight at the Strip. Oh, and it had a fridge, a plus seeing I needed to have refreshments for the get-together I was having.. Service: Can't really say, we were just partying it up in there. . Location: Not on The Strip, but close enough, with free shuttle service to Harrahs and Ballys. . Pool: It was amazing with a bold, capital A. Crowded, but not overwhelmingly so. Beautiful people all around, and not overrun with the douchebags you see so much of at somewhere like, say, the Palms or Mandalay Bay pool areas. One cheesy, but cool touch was the waterfall that came out of a clam. . Miscellaneous: As great as the room was, I was charged a security deposit of $50 that I had no way of knowing about beforehand. At least it wasn't a blasted resort fee, but still.. . The Final Verdict:. . Pros:. More than enough space.. Fridge in the room.. Lovely view.. Epic pool.. Free shuttle to the Strip.. Nice enough bathroom. . Offered two free passes to the Voodoo Lounge.. Lots of things to do on the property.. Got the room for a pretty sweet price as well ($53.00).. . Cons:. Sneaky security deposit. It's refunded when you check out but still. . . Suggestions: Please let people know about the security deposit in advance. So next time someone wants to have their birthday there they won't be $50 short on drinking and partying funds. . . Would I stay here again? I'd stay here again just for that pool.
We have this family tradition that started when I was 17.... I celebrate my birthday 6 months in advance.. . So I came here at 20.5 years old to celebrate my 21st birthday with family, and had the best service I have ever had in Vegas at any other hotel. (I've been to 7 different ones.). . Granted, I wouldn't say they are the best, but one of the guys there (I cant remember his name for the life of me) was so attentive and always had a smile on. :). . One of the best starters to my birthday celebration ever!
They have live shows throughout the casino in the style of Carnival with beads and floats and everything! Their Carnival buffet has the biggest selection of food I've seen anywhere.
The man and I have stayed here twice, and have had a good time both times. . . First of all, staff all over the hotel is exceptional!! The hotel desk lady, the valet people, the dealers, the guy who brought up our luggage, and the restaurants' staff were all VERY friendly and accommodating. Service was prompt when calling for more towels -- less than 10 minutes -- when at other Vegas hotels I've waited nearly an hour for such a service!!. . I'm not sure how much it is to stay here, but the man said he got a "GREAT DEAL" through his Total Rewards card. You know, that little card you can get and stick in the slot machines and gain points. Apparently he's spent enough money at the Rio and some of its sister properties so that we could get a very very low room rate. Cool!. . The rooms are all suites and are spacious. . . The restaurants in this hotel are some of the best, in my opinion. . . Carnival World Buffet = I think this is the biggest buffet in Vegas. The downside is it always has a long line to get in. You could be waiting over 30 minutes. This is one of my favorite buffets though.. . Village Seafood Buffet = OMG. This may be my new favorite buffet EVER. it was soooo good. They had other things besides seafood too...the prime rib was exceptional!! Loads of different variations of shrimp, clams, seafood mixes, etc. Drool.. . Buzios seafood restaurant = this is a sit-down restaurant. I actually got a steak here since we had had the seafood buffet the night before.The steak was perfect, and the sides of mushrooms and garlic mashed potatoes were perfect as well. The man got some sort of creamy seafood dish which was very rich. The place is pricey but not outrageous.. . All American cafe located near the Starbucks = GREAT food for decent prices. I got a delicious shrimp and linguine last year here, and this year I got a caesar salad with new york steak on top. The steak was cooked to perfection and very flavorful. The waiter also came by and gave us a GIGANTIC slice of red velvet cake, for free!!! (i guess it was extra?). . Make sure to use your Total rewards card at every restaurant because you get a discount!. . The pool area, called VooDoo Beach, is really fun. They have 4 pools and plenty of room. Lots of places to sit. There's also a place to get some decent food and two bars! One of the pools is 21 and over which is nice because there's no kids. But, men have to pay to get in that one. It is fenced off and private.. . They have a rooftop lounge which provides a fabulous view of Vegas. I think it was only 10 dollars a person -- don't quote me on that, but I don't remember it being overly expensive at all. It was not very crowded or "hopping" but the view was definitely worth it to take some pictures and stuff.. . I give the hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because I feel like the hotel could use a renovation as far as style of the rooms...it's pretty outdated. Also, when you go to pick up your car from Valet in the morning, it takes foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
I was here July 18-20 2012 with my parents on a "wild" road trip to Las Vegas and the Grand Canyon. We stayed here two nights because I found an awesome rate on priceline.com. It was 36 dollars a night and the total came out to be roughly 81 dollars for three people and two nights. The room was on the fourth floor of the Ipanema Tower and the view was definitely a 36 dollar view. We had two queen beds, a desk, tv, beautiful bathroom, and a couch. The room was in pristine condition and the beds smelled great (in case you're a rate by smell kind of person like me). The hotel is about a mile from the strip, which is not walkable in the crippling, triple-digit Las Vegas heat. But they have a FREE shuttle that takes you to either Harrah's or Bally's at Paris resorts, which are on the strip, every  15 minutes-ish. We kind of got lost trying to get from self-parking to our room because there are different towers, but I think all hotels are humongous and you'll get lost in all of them, but I would have hoped for a little more staff to direct us in the right direction. . . One of my goals in life was to see Penn & Teller and low and behold their home is the Rio which was very convenient. The show was amazing and I really enjoyed the comedy and the tricks they performed. Just make you sure you get your tickets for any show at Tix4Tonight located along the strip because tickets are half price there for most shows. We also saw the CIrque Du Soleil Viva Elvis show, also very entertaining eye candy in that one. . . The Carnival World Buffet at the Rio=Gargantuan and scrumptious. We paid about 45 dollars for three people because we got the discount voucher at Tix4Tonight. So much food variety, I can't explain how many options there are. I loved the sushi and the pastas. I am a sucker for dessert and the gelato and cake selection were heavenly at this buffet. . . All in all for the affordability and pleasure that the Rio offers to strip-goers (not strippers) is great. If you don't mind doing the shuttle thing to save some money, then please come to the Rio. One knock is that I lost 30 bucks here at the slots, which I am dumbfounded why that is? I thought it was easy to win boatloads of money at the slots :P But my Dad did win 60ish bucks so kudos to him!
Stayed here 7/23 - 7/26. The check in line was long and I was in it for about 20 minutes with about 20 more to go and a man started picking a few people at a time and took them to the VIP are to check in. He picked my on this second go round, so that was really nice. . The room was big. Enough for my husband, 2 teenage boys, and 2 under 10. Plenty of room with the 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa. For the price it wasn't bad, spacious, clean room. The pool were nice. More than one and the building provided shade in the afternoon. I requested linens for the sofa and they were brought up in 10 minutes. On our second day I had to return to the room after we had gone downstairs and when I returned, the housekeeper was tending to the room. I said hi and told her I was going to get something. Well, my husband had moved the bag to the closet and when she noticed my attempt to retrieve something quickly had failed and I was walking aimlessly, she nicely asked me to put my key card in the door. I told her no problem and thanked Flor for asking me to do so. That was great that staff are taught to do so and not afraid to ask guests to do this. Equals asking for ID when I use my credit card at the store.  . The down sides: No free internet, no microwave in the room, the fridge wasn't very cold, low shower pressure, and only three bath towels in the room daily (I need more). I had asked the girl who checked me in (in the VIP area) to block the TV of purchases. When we got in the room my 8 yr old turned on the TV and didn't realize he bought Spongebob for $4.The coffee maker in the room is a Keurig. If you have one bring your own K-cups. They are available for purchase in the room, 3 for $8! And there wasn't sugar or creamer, but I guess you could borrow some from Starbucks downstairs!
the rooms were suites and very big and hotel was amazing.. . PRO's-hotel was amazing. lobby was big, lots of shops and casino was big and poppin the whole time with music and attentive cocktail hosts.  Rooms were amazing.  all the rooms are suites, big 540 sq.feet, beds comfy, couches comfy, tv big, central ac, floor to ceiling windows, i liked the fact that the bathroom had sinks inside the bathroom and outside in a seperate area, big closets, tubs. loved everything in this hotel.  pool was amazing as well.. . CON-the only con was the parking garage is small, and the hotel is off the strip, and the taxi cab stang is around the side of the hotel and always had a long line.
My 4 friends and I stayed her recently and had a great experience.  I purchased a TravelZoo Deal so two nights between 5 girls came to under $50 per person.  Awesome!  I was worried because none of us had stayed here before and I didn't know how clean/nice the rooms would be or if they really were suite size or smaller.  With 5 girls we need all the space we can get for little money.  We were all pleasantly surprised at the size and cleanliness of the room.  We had two queen beds and a sofa - perfect sleeping arrangements.  There was plenty of floor space for luggage without feeling like we were on top of each other.  The bathroom had the toilet, shower, and sink plus a separate area outside with another sink, huge mirror, mirrored closet, and a fridge.  This was the perfect size room for all of us.  We liked that the hotel was off the strip because the casino wasn't packed with peoplewander through.  We spent Saturday at the Topless Pool (which was not as scary as I thought) and bought one of the lounge couches, with umbrella for my pasty skin, at only a $100 total minimum tab which we exceeded with one round of drinks.  The drinks came in plastic take-home tumblers with straws which we used for drinks the rest of the weekend (and have been deemed our drinking cups).  Our server at the pool was super friendly and awesome,  she even remembered my drink when I ordered a second one which is impressive considering the amount of people she was dealing with out there.  At night we went to Buzio's for dinner, which was very good and then headed up to the Voodoo Lounge for drinks and dancing.  The view up there is awesome and the music was a good mix of old school and current hip-hop.  . . Overall, we had a great stay and would definitely consider going again.  Yes, the hotel is a bit out-dated but is still clean, nice, and spacious.
Great rooms. They just need to upgrade the TV to the 21st Century.
The rooms are wonderfully sized and clean. I love the views some of them give you that look out towards the strip. . . The casino seems to be a bit more smokey than some of the other larger casinos which is a bit of a disappointment. I think it's because they have lower ceilings than some of them.. . However, the problem is that it's far from the strip which means you could spend a good amount of time standing around in the desert heat waiting for shuttles to and from. . . I also wished they had kept the Lucky Strike there. That was always fun. But at least they still have the amazing buffet!
Got a room for $22 a night, super cheap, the rooms were pretty nice though. I stayed in the old wing and you could tell that everything in there was pretty old, but it was still clean and a huge room. The gaming is alright, they don't have a very popular poker room for 1/2 NL, only about 2-3 tables going during prime time. Getting from the Rio to the strip was really easy though with the shuttles.
Rio! . The rooms are nice, we booked on hotel.com and paid 90 bux for thursday and friday.. There is a security deposit that is 100/night . internet is 15 a day i believe, but im not so sure about it. The restaurants inside are pretty awesome. We didnt win anything playing the slots. It is really loud in here, even when in your room. people shout from the hallway, it was annoying. LOTS of drunk people!. Not so good for locals. The view was pretty great from our window
I love this place! Came here for a friend's 21st birthday and had a blast. The rooms were ridiculously nice (Just don't touch anything in the fridge no matter how drunk you are because most of the mini bottles are $10+!) . . We ended up walking to Walgreens on the strip and buying a bottle of Gin and I bought some wine. Now that's more like it.
Rio is a solid 4 star hotel, nice big rooms, clean, lots of good places to eat, big sports book, cocktail waitresses in the upper tier, if you know what I mean.
Very cool casino....
This review is for a visit and not a stay. I thought this was a fun casino here at the rio, it's off the main strip but worth a visit!     . I liked the I-Bar (we had full table service here for a birthday party so all i could drink was covered and top shelve...even better!!) bartenders and servers were all nice.. Enjoyed the world buffet, many choices of food here. The buffet attracts crowds here so expect a wait in line.. The mardi gras flying floats are a lot of fun, and i had a great time at the rooftop club "Voodoo Lounge" great views but pricey up there.. All in all i enjoyed my time here and even left with a little more money then i arrived with,. even better!!
rooms are big and roomy--comfy bed, clean and spacious.... great price for having a total rewards card!!!
Really nice hotel a little off the strip but they do have free shuttles that go to the strip every 30mins or you could walk it in about 25mins. Room was a great size and very clean I'd stay again without a doubt.
Yay!! I'm a fan. . It's a tough thing to review a Hotel/Casino.  When I review them, I have to remember not to review them based on my wins/losses.  I also have to keep in mind that most of these hotels and casinos have a different vibe during the weekdays vs. the weekends.  . . Regarding the hotel.  I've actually stayed in their rooms at least 20 times in the last 10 years.  Room are clean, spacious, and actually cheap.  Only issue with the rooms is check in and check out.  These lines can get long. . . Bars:  These get really full and on the weekends, tough to get a seat.  If you're a single, it's easy. If you're in a group, good luck.  However, service is always great.  Bartenders are always attentive.  I've never had a bad experience with them. . . Sports Book:  During game time, gets busy. I actually still prefers Red Rock's Sports Book and even South Point's.  Still a good sports book with good deli right next to it. . . Gaming (Tables and Slots):  I don't play slots so I wouldn't know, but my parents say they're tight.  I like playing Pai Gow and 3 Card Poker here mainly because their limits are usually low.  . . Pool:  Small, but one of my favorite pools in Vegas.  . . Poker Room:  During the WSOP, some good games out here.  You just need to know who is playing seriously and the ones that are here to just have a good time.  . . Ambiance:  Definitely feel at home here because a lot of my peeps are here.  From patrons to employees, seems like everyone is a Niner Faithful.  For sure the Niner Empire is in full effect at the Rio.  . . Not a strip casino, but close enough.  You get the best of both worlds in my opinion. After all these years, still one of my favorite hotel/casinos in Las Vegas.  Doesn't hurt that they also offer local discounts at their restaurants.
Recently on a trip to Vegas, we decided to stop by here to check it out and ended up doing some gambling. Maybe I just had some better luck here but I managed to win a lot more at the slots here than just about anywhere else, more often too. The same goes for video poker, I won quite a bit there as well. I played probably 4 different slot machines and at least broke even on all but one. My luck with slots was way better here than just about anywhere else. . . The table staff are very friendly, and make for a fun environment. I played blackjack at three different tables, craps, and roulette, and every single dealer was exceptionally friendly and ran some fun tables where everyone felt comfortable. I noticed that many staff of other casinos are generally pretty quiet and don't exactly nurture an environment where people feel comfortable. This was definitely not the case with the Rio where I felt like I definitely am going to plan to come back to this place the next time I'm in Vegas. Despite all the other casinos on the strip we visited, this is the one I've been raving about to friends since I got back.. . The people here mix some above average drinks, better than other table drinks at most places I'd say. My whiskey sours where great tasting (and had quite a kick to say the last). The waitresses are very friendly and attentive. Coolest thing ever, someone stops by with an iPad so you can see all the available options and not even 2 or 3 minutes later (without fail!) they bring you out your drink. I've found myself waiting for 10 minutes at some other casinos.. . Moral of the story: If you want a great atmosphere, some great staff, and great drinks, this is the place to go. This casino was friendly and upscale, yet didn't have anything to prove like the other ones. It was comfortable and not too ostentatious. The people gambling there were also very friendly when compared to other casinos. I would highly recommend it for gambling if that's what you're here for. I can't really attest to the food as we didn't really eat anything substantial here, nor did we enjoy the nightlife or stay in the rooms. But if you want a great place to gamble, this is definitely it. I'll surely be returning next time I'm in Vegas.
We got a good deal on this hotel through Kayak, and wanted to be near the strip. Overall the hotel was good, especially for the price. (About $35/night). My few complaints were that I found the pillows they have on the bed a little uncomfortable. We also had to leave the water running in the shower for about 5-10 minutes for it to get hot.. . The hotel has a good casino, good location, and good food. They also offer a shuttle to the strip, which is nice if you're going to be drinking a lot.
I've always wanted to stay here, and now I have. The place is older, but just as valid as any casino hotel. It's owned by Caesars Entertainment so I expect some quirks.. . They let the Flamingo go down the tubes and seem not to care about guests getting very dirty crappy rooms while others get the new remodeled ones. This property is nice, rooms are clean but I see signs of deferred maintenance. For example the elevators were hit and miss. A lot of the buttons won't light up and some refuse to stay on, like the down  button on floor 6. ( We found we could push the up button, get in, and press floor 1 and it worked ). . Elevators at rush times really suck. People were standing 20 minutes to get down out of the tower. One would think they would want the guests ushered down to the casino as fast as possible. Again, going up, then coming down was the only way to make it work.. . Someone spilled ice all over the carpet in front of the ice machine. Instead of cleaning it up, which would have taken a few minutes, someone just plunked at wet floor sign there. Hard to believe.. . A guest had room service and left the dirty dishes in the hall, which is what you do, but we walked past those dirty dishes all day. Finally at night someone removed them. Just for your info, the guest left onion rings on the plate uneaten and I see why, they were burned and look like they were cooked in old oil.. . The little things matter and this hotel has lots of little problems. The auto door opener going to the outside near the garage was busted and just a bare plate is exposed. The auto doors near the Buffet to the outside were working then not working, then working again, then left open. . . The buffet here is always busy. They insisted on putting up a sign that said they would not accept local discounts for the busy week. That just screams cheap. I hate that. Another sign at check-in said something about a fee for early check-in. Really? You don't see that at classy hotels. That shows what kind of guests the Rio is attracting these days and/or how anal management is. : Let's air our mean spirited nit picky management style for all to see. I would hate working here.. . Our stay was good. Most of the staff is very nice. If you have a mini-bar in the room realize that it is triggered by picking up the drinks and auto charges your room. Look at your folio often. Our kids played with the mini-bar and had $38 worth of charges on our tab in minutes. Even if you put the items back the charges remain unless you call. They are very good at removing charges as a lot of people must do that. . . I'm not a fan of mini-bars as it seems like a way to trick the guest rather than provide a service. They provided a coffee maker, but the coffee was in the mini-bar and they would charge $8 for 3 cups. Huh? Am I in motel 6 or a classy hotel?. . The room was comfortable. Our view sucked as we looked over the roof and some utility stuff. They wanted $20 per day for a decent view. We didn't care, but again, it seems cheap. . . The heater and cooler kept the room very comfortable. The shower had plenty of pressure and warm water. The shower head could have been serviced and had the calcium deposits removed. . . The casino is nice, but the layout is very long and tiresome to navigate. My favorite machine is JackPot Party and I played and played with hundreds of spins and never got one party. That usually happens within a dozen or so spins in other casinos. I lost interest after a while and just saved my money.. . The pool area was closed because they close it from Oct 31st on. This seems like a big mistake for a hotel themed around Rio. At least the hot tubs should be open like at Hooters. Really they should enclose the pool and make it a year round party spot.. . Parking is plenty if you get there early. At night it can fill up and it's hard to park. I don't really like that especially if you are a guest. As with any casino hotel it seems miles to your car from your room and you must haul everything in. I guess that is because they want you to use the bell service and valet, which I never do. I don't like valet because I hate to beg someone for a key to my own car. To me waiting for a car is more of a pain then just walking to it. . . Television is ok but not a lot of choices. They want you to buy movies. There is no provision for DVD's that you rent or bring. The tv is in a weird location and hard to see  from both beds if you have a duel bed room.. . Overall pretty good. I liked it.
i really enjoyed my time at this hotel.  Yeah its off the strip but makes up for it with the amenities and fun things to do at the hotel. The room was huge and very comfortable. The only complaint I had is the shower took forever to get warm and had low flow. Otherwise I do agree this is a hidden gem in Vegas to stay at.
Great value hotel. $100 for 3 nights! Cant go wrong. Rooms were big, clean n nice. I could care less how nice a room really is because i come to vegas to have fun and not for the room. As long the bed is good and clean. Anyways the rio has some good restaurants good staff. Only downside is they are located off the strip. So i spent alot of taxis.  The kJ chinese restaurant is good. Also this is where the WSOP event is held so has to be good! Great value hotel at its best.
I couldn't find the Yelp "check in" for the Carnival World Buffet on my phone for some reason so I'll just post it here.  Pretty decent food for a mid-level Vegas buffet.  Very wide selection from around the "world" prepared pretty well.  Dessert section is pretty good although it seems to a smaller selection for what I remembered during my last visit about 10 years ago.  if you need a "Vegas buffet" experience without having to break the bank, this is a decent option
There is a lot to like about the Rio Suites and Casino. The price is extremely reasonable, as I scored a three-night stay at $53.00 per night. The rooms are very large, with floor to ceiling windows with many of them offering an excellent view of the LV Strip, and the room was extremely clean. The casino areas are your usual mix of slots, table games etc., but the layout is very confusing. The pool areas were very clean, and if you party, this is a local hot spot. The Rio is across the freeway, and offers frequent shuttle service to two other of it's properties. The shuttles do fill up fast so you may end up waiting a while to get back the the hotel. Overall, a nice place just close enough to the strip where you can easily navigate without a rental car.
I booked this hotel due to its great price and i must admit that I definitely got more than expected. Its kind of off the strip but they do offer a shuttle that run every 30 minutes until 1 AM. The bed was extremely comfortable (not that you will be in it much in Vegas). Parking was on-site and free. I booked via Expedia and they had a disclaimer about a $200 deposit charge but the deposit was only the standard $50. I will definitely stay here again on my next visit.
While Rio isn't the latest and greatest billion dollar monstrosity, and isn't directly connected to the rest of the strip, they, smartly, address these shortcomings by offering a free shuttle between their property and the strip, really large comfortable hotel rooms with floor to ceiling windows, the biggest buffet I've ever seen and, well....cocktail waitresses with...uh...interesting costumes. ;-)
I've stayed here three times. twice in the winter and once in the summer. The hotel rooms are always nice and the rates always a steal! All the rooms are suit sizes so it's perfect for big groups to be comfortable!. . Winter trips: this hotel is perfect for winter trips. It doesn't matter that it's off the strip because its too cold to walk around outside anyways. and rates during the winter are so cheap. I just got back and only paid 70 bucks a night!. . Summer trip: A hotel on the strip would be better during summer but this is a nice alternative. The pool is really nice, didn't realize the private pool area was topless but its all good! The pool is definitely the best part of the hotel, a lot of fun!. . Good hotel! no complaints !
We are presently staying at the Rio for the NATCA Conference on Safety and Communication, and have been delighted with our stay so far. We are on the 22nd floor in 22011. The Masquerade Tower. Our room is spotless! We arrived on Friday and will stay 8 days. The check-in staff were professional and informative, and our room is large (a small suite) that has recently been updated with all new carpet, and gorgeous granite in the bath area. Brand new mattress set. No smell of smoke at all! no excess noise even though we are not far from the elevators. the windows in the suites actually have a feature that will allow you to let in some fresh air. The seated makeup vanity is a special added bonus, and made me feel like I was on vacation. The view from out room was over the swimming pools (several beautiful ones).  Off to the right is the Las Vegas Strip, and in the background an excellent panoramic view of the mountains. We hate to waste time and products, so we did not request room service until Sunday. Claudia was excellent! She was kind, professional, and her area (our room as an indicator) is SPOTLESS!!!.  (I say it again). I requested a limited service, but she quickly dusted and did a mini-full service. Her attitude was compassionate and caring. A runner also brought me some extra hangers because we are staying longer than an average stay. All of this happened within 30 minutes of my request! The staff that I have come in contact with, even in the casinos, has been warm and welcoming. They greet me and give eye contact when I walk by, and are kind when answering questions they must have hear 1000 times. When we were playing slot machines last night, a young man came up and took out drink order on an IPad and within minutes we had our beverages. We have been treated with warmth and respect. The Prime Rib at the buffet and mashed potatoes were perfectly cooked. The desserts were fun. The cost of the buffet seemed like a lot, so we just ate there one night. The breakfast restaurant in the convention area was excellent and reasonable and there are two Starbucks on site. If you are driving, I suggest you bring water as it is $3.50 a bottle unless you are gambling. I bought a water bottle that filters at the gift shop. it will pay for itself this week! The shuttle to the Other Caesar's properties took us to the strip and we spent a delightful afternoon shopping. This had truly been a memorable experience. I love watching the chickens cook on the spit over fire, and enjoyed a steak cooked on an open flame at another eatery on site (they Cook red meat perfectly at the rio). No complaints here. Excited about the rest of our stay! The payoff is in the small details, like cleanliness and how you treat your guests, and the Rio is doing a great job with that!
"THE RIO".... Getting into Vegas the rio is right behind Cesar's palace which is great. Inside the hotel has a pretty good drinking spot but dj is not up to date on tracks. The room we got was beautiful until u laid on the bed. It felt like there was a 400+ man previously slept on it, it sunk as soon as you laid on it. Never gambled before we played this game called "LIFE" we played only $20 and lasted us about 3 hours which we thought was amazing... They added the club KRAVE to the casino which pops on good night lol.. . . "RED ROCK" We left the strip to go to this city we heard was nice and had a amazing buffet. It was about 15 min away. The casino had a players club card that gave u the chance to win some free extra money. I thought that was a generous thing to do. My boyfriends first time gambling and he lost some money.. /: I think gambling is a sickness. . . "THE STRIP" me and my boyfriend seen the dancing water, this tranny dressed up like those dancers lmao, homeless people with signs like "why lie I need a whore". People need to get a real job.... We went to a couple nice malls. People that work in Vegas have no sense of direction , when asking for directions to certain restaurants they make u go in circles. The weather was very nice out there but pool at the rio was closed and the pool is the best part of Vegas.. I love Vegas and would recommend the next person to stay at the rio..
The Rio is not one of the hot spots in Vegas but for the purposes of this trip, it served its purpose and served it well. . . This was the hotel that my husbands team stayed out during their most recent hockey tournament in Vegas. The rooms are all suites so the single guys were able to bunk up and the couples had enough room to spread out away from all the stinky hockey gear. Plus, they provided discounted rooms for just over $100 a day so perfect for those on a budget. The rooms and the facilities aren't all that bad either so if you can get past that, you'll be ok.. . They do have a work out facility but you have to either pay for a treatment at the spa OR spend $25 to use the gym. You also have to pay for wi-fi. The spa is ok but don't expect anything super luxurious - just comfortable (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rio-spa-and-salon-las-vegas#hrid:LOKuIdrMxaY8xiUAvHcGug). There are two Starbucks (http://www.yelp.com/biz/starbucks-las-vegas-44#hrid:CvJgGgBFtQitf0q6XDbKZA)and many restaurants to chose from. I actually realized we didn't eat at any of them, although, I did order a cobb salad to the room one night and it was pretty decent. . . If you stay here, don't expect anything fancy but you will at least be comfortable. Our main focus was the hubby's hockey tournament (http://www.yelp.com/biz/las-vegas-ice-center-las-vegas#hrid:6v6HbPaPwAOLW6aWR3gR-g) so I wasn't really planning to spend much time on the Vegas strip and was ok with this hotel being off the beaten path. . . I give the Rio 4 stars for the price and for meeting our needs during this Vegas trip.
Just spent two nights at the Rio Hotel and Casino and only have ONE COMPLAINT- the POOL CLOSES AT 5PM. Why? The weather is so nice......
I really liked staying here for my birthday the rooms where big and there is a fridge in every room so you can keep some food or drinks and keep them cold I booked my room with my flight and I feel like I got a killer deal we stayed Friday-Sunday night and they have a really good breakfast spot and the sea food buffet there is really good.
The rio is great for the price.  Really its only draw back is that it is off the strip. oh and now you have to pay a resort fee too so that kind of goes against the cheap prices too.  Needless to say the rio is still a cheap option just make sure you have a car to get to the strip.  The casino is pretty nice.  It has that sweet smell of cigarets smoke and despair in the air coupled with the musical clanking of slot machines that I love so much.  There is a feeling of grungyness and greasyness in the casino do the fact that really brings a cheaper crowd, but that also makes for the expirience and good time.  The pool is one of the better in vegas plenty of over priced alcohol and european dudes with slicked back hair head banging fist pumping to the techno blastin throughout the whole pool..its hilarious to watch.  All the rooms are suites so they are huge you really get a lot for the money. If you got money go to cosmo or bellagio but if ur doing vegas on a budet rio is a great option.
Visit:. . Thursday March 20, 2003. . We had an epic room and the trip started out with me and a coworker and a local friend who showed up. We wound up going clubbing at the Beach and Rain and other spots, but that's another story. :). . This hotel was great, we were up on the upper most floors and as this is an all suite hotel we had an Epic view of Las Vegas as well as a kitchen, giant tub, couch, great TV and a stereo in the room. At the time, one of the nicest suite hotels and our room had just been redone. Service was excellent. The staff was great. We had one small problem with the bathroom which they resolved within 15 minutes. I was really impressed. This stay would be among my first of many, many stays to come. :)
Here is a rundown of the hotel:. . Rooms -  Stayed in a studio suite in the Ipanema tower.  Overall, the room was very spacious and attractive.  The rooms in this tower seem to have been upgraded so all the fixtures and furniture were all modern looking.  As everyone else said, their were a few things, chipped tiles in the bathroom, a faint smell of smoke coming through the vents...however, we enjoyed our stay in the room.  I say, if you can, stay in the Ipanema tower.. . Casino - We were here the during the week, Tue - Fri so things were pretty quite.  This casino is my Stepdad's favorite since Harrah's likes to comp him handsomely for his play.  In fact, we didn't have to pay for any of the room or lodging on this trip.  All of the tables seem to be 10 min.  They should think about changing them to $5 since they are not a strip hotel.  When leaving on Friday, more people were coming in and the casino did liven up.  However, the casino itself is small compared to other Vegas casinos.  All in all, I had fun playing the Quick Hit penny slots and won about $200.. . Pool -  Awesome pool for the kids...not sure how good it is for adults, not a whole lot of action in way of pool party fun but then again, we weren't there on the weekend.  Also, from the pool is where you can tell how deteriorated the facade of the hotel has become.  A few concerns, there were drink cups all over the "sandy" part of the pool.  A dirty diaper on the stoop under the water fall, however, after mentioning it to the staff, these things were taken care of but in my opinion, these things should have been caught before the pool opened. . . Food - The American Bar and Grill is the best place to eat in the casino, hands down.  Solid steaks and prime rib.  Great burgers...their BBQ wings are the bomb.  The buffet doesn't look like it is the gem it used to be.  So my recommendation is to eat at the American Bar and Grill...sure it is a little pricey but if you are up late playing in the casino, it is your only bet and the staff at the bar are really, really friendly.. . Shuttle - They do have a shuttle that drops you off at either Bally's / Paris or Harrah's.  Do Harrah's as it is in the middle of the strip and not the beginning where Bally's is.  The shuttles run every 30 minutes, give or take.. . All in all, we had a great time at the Rio.  I don't know if the bad reviews (dirty rooms) stem from the Masquerade tower...also, the staff at the Rio were very nice and accommodating.  I would recommend this the Rio to my friends and I would stay again . . All in all, we had a great time at the Rio.
Had mostly comped rooms at one of the Total Rewards casinos (Rio, Harrah's, Plant Hollywood, etc), so we opted to stay off the strip and check out the Rio for the first time.. . *Casino Floor: The gaming area is huge, and has more than enough tables for everyone there.  Had a great time playing craps, roulette, poker, Mississippi stud and 3-Card Poker.  Didn't have a chance to check out the poker room though.  . . *Rooms: While I will say that they are very big and roomy, they can definitely use an upgrade.  There were various stains on the carpet, and it could use a good thorough cleaning.  The beds were OK, as I have slept on much nicer and comfortable beds.  Hard Rock Hotel has them beat.  But who stays in the rooms all day anyways?? And when most of my stay is comped, I really can't complain.  We had connecting rooms which is always great when we need to steal towels, toiletries, cologne, borrow the restroom or just bug our friends next door.. . *Food: They have lots of restaurants, but only the All-American Grill is open late into the wee hours.  Visited the deli at the sports book, both Starbucks, the Carnival World Buffet and the All American Grill.  A small cafe with quick eats would be great here.. . *Pool Area: Their pool is OK, as it does have three (3) different pools that you can choose from. There are lots of reviews for Voodoo beach, check those out if you want to read more on that.  . . They did seem to card more than usual this time out, but I don't mind.  The Rio was fun, but we did miss the hustle, bustle and just generally being able to walk around the strip without having to cab it everywhere.  I have no problem staying at the Rio again, but next time out it's going to be Planet Hollywood as they are right in the middle of the strip.
the casino is fun - service is good - wish the tables gave me more money! haha
Amazing seafood buffet
Had a recent four-day stay here courtesy of work, during the World Series of Poker tournaments. I didn't handle our reservation or check in, so all I can say is that we were able to get a room for what seemed to be a good price, with a couple of days notice, during the WSOP.. . Our room was a two bed suite in the Masquerade Towers with an awesome view of the mountain skyline and the pools. The room itself was very nice- large, with a couch and sitting area, extended bathroom area with counter and sink outside of the toilet/shower space. Both beds were super luxe- comfortable pillow top mattresses that worked well for a group that liked both soft and firm beds, with clean and fresh quality linens and lots of pillows.  . The only odd thing about our room was that there was a small window in the wall inside the shower, looking into the bedroom. I don't know if it's intended so that an adult can keep eyes on kids while taking a shower, or so that you can watch TV while in the shower (which is what I did), or if the room was created for some wacky swingers group and I just wasn't told about it. Either way, it was odd but not a problem or anything. One of our group was a little put off by it, but was easily able to tuck some rolled up extra towels in the space to avoid anyone looking in at him- although no one was even trying, for the record.. . The property itself has a lot to offer, from the Carnival Buffet, American Grill, Sports Deli, Yogo Gogo, and Evening Call for drinking and dining options,  to the poker room and WSOP tournament in the convention space, as well as hosting the Penn and Teller show (though we didn't see it). There were always employees in sight if anything was needed, and most of them were helpful when we had any questions or concerns. . . Though we'd probably stay somewhere cheaper in the future if the bill was our responsibility, this hotel and casino was a really good pick and we very much enjoyed our time here! Highly recommend.
Penn and Teller were amazing, especially with front row seats! Loved the atmosphere and the food was great. Check-in took a while though which was the only let down.
I really liked this place. Besides the fact they take pets.  The room we got was a suite, as all the Rio rooms are, and it was big enough for the dog.  It had a nice sized bathroom we could leave the dog in while we went downstairs to eat. The dog got some treats and bowls at check in, how cool is that.  Yes I'd stay there again even without the dog.
I wasn't sure about the Rio.  I lived in Vegas for a number of years but didn't frequent the Rio.  LasVegas.com  (they have the best deals!) had a great offer so I gave it a try.  . You will not be disappointed.  The Samba Suite is nice!  . The staff is friendly.  There is plenty to do.  If you want to stay in the hotel and just rest, they have everything you need.. There are great shows, food, bars, a nice pool , spa and yes the slots pay!  I don't usually gamble but I won this time.
I love Rio rooms very large suites. enjoy the swimming pool, and hot tub. in Jan. 2013 I won around $700 off the Wizard of OZ slots this summer not as good winnings. the only thing drinks at the pool bar very expensive . . The waitresses, and staff are very nice always a cocktail around the corner when you gamble this casino is excellent love them comps.
The Rio has done a very nice job of keeping their property well maintained. Their rooms were clean and nice. Not new, but spacious and the in room mini fridge was handy. . . The pool is relaxed and very big so we were able to find chairs every day at noon.  I hate resorts that charge for pool chairs (Mandalay Bay).  The pool was set up nicely so that most of the pool got sun until past 5pm.    . . Overall I would recommend the Rio. It's not the Wynn by any means but it's also a 1/4 of the price.. . I would like to see the check in time reduced.  It took us over 35 minutes to check in when we arrived.
This hotel is ok for what you pay. . Not the best location but it's affordable and nice.
Overall I really enjoyed the Rio and i would recommend it to anyone. . . Pro: . Reasonable room prices. . Great casino. low limit table games. Great Buffets (especially the 24 hour pass). Free Shuttles. Big rooms. . Cons:. Off the strip.. CHIECK IN. WiFi ...we had to call tech support. . Things to know.. Check in can take an hour at peak times.  . They use keurig coffee machines in the room....bring your own k cups.
The sleeping room in the new tower are better than old tower. The meeting space is beautiful and newly remodeled.
great customer service from von !!!!!!!!! when i picked up tickets for penn and tellrr
Great place to stay in Las Vegas if you have a car, rooms are old but comfortable. Comes with mini fridge and a safe in every room.  Love to relax there in the mini suites.
Stayed here while attending the Star Trek Convention. . . Plenty of dining choices, fairly clean, and most everything is conveniently located. I recommend going to the Indian buffet EARLY, because by the end of the service the food in the chafing dishes are less than appetizing. The Italian resto is pretty good, and the seafood buffet is quite nice. . . Our room was spacious and only cost four of us around 100 bucks a piece for 3-4 nights. The strip is just over the bridge and more specifically the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace.
My husband and I stayed here during a convention. The rooms were huge! The rates were reasonable, but everything like internet was an extra charge. The only drawback is that the restaurants inside are very expensive, and the outside restaurants are too far to walk to. I would not recommend staying here if you are without a car. Otherwise a good stay. The staff were very efficient and friendly.
Nice hotel not too many smokers and there's a big restaurant as soon as you walk into the doors and you can't miss it it's a very fun type of hotel but still not for kids. I stayed here for a week and a half massive rooms the largest I've ever seen in my life besides Crowne Plaza in St Louis Missouri at Clayton
Fun casino with a lot of entertainment.. . They had a female performer who did both dance routines and sang popular 90s songs while standing on a small stage surrounded by slots.. . Lots of lively craps and poker tables.. . Always a server around to brings complimentary pina coladas.. . A dimly lit burger joint with TVs.. . All easily accessible after watching the Penn & Teller performance.. . I really liked their slots. Both my fella' and I got some good bonus rounds and I adored the Wicked Witch of the West slot machine. . . I'll see ya next time, Rio!
We went to Las Vegas for our 5th wedding anniversary - the first week of September. I was a tiny bit apprehensive at first but decided to have fun. My husband and his brothers stayed here 5 years ago and they really enjoyed it. . Our check in was relatively painless. Our room was clean, comfortable and had no odor(that is a plus for me). We were charged a resort fee which they say pays for pool use and internet. Not sure what that was all about. Especially since when we booked on Expedia it plainly stated no resort fees. The staff was very friendly. We enjoyed the pool but the Jacuzzi did not work and I was sad about that. We ate at the famous Carnival Buffet. It was very good and the variety was grand. The casino has ticketed as well as free entertainment. The Rio has a party scene atmosphere - it was cool. The overall look and feelof the Rio was that is was older- had character and affordable. The Casino has a shuttle that takes you to the strip daily every 30 minutes until 1am. I wanted to ride the elevator up to the 51st floor just to take in the scene but was not allowed  to because the elevator is for club Voodoo patrons only.. I would stay here again.
Love this place... So comfortable.  . Clean. One of the best beds. Love the fitness center. Haven't tried the food at their buffet yet... too busy eating at The "M" and Caesars.  The  Mandalay Bay buffet never disappoints.  The Wynn, Aria, Cosmopolitan  are also tops.
I've now stayed here probably well over a dozen times in the last 6-7yrs. Frequently the casino even more.. Pros: . -Just off the Las Vegas strip, so avoiding the typically major strip traffic but still near all the action. Note that one of the busiest intersections, LV Blvd/Flamingo is just around the corner.. -Rooms are larger than the average hotel room. Included mini-fridge. The rooms ain't 5 star but aren't trashy either. There have been some minor problems a few times, but nothing to ruin a trip.. -At least in my experiences, except for one major incident*, the employees have been real friendly and interactive.. -Parking is ample. There are 2 parking structures, one each on opposite ends of the property and valet is also an option.. -Locals get 50% off the Carnival buffet Monday to Friday lunch and 25% at a couple other food spots. There's a few other locals discounts but that is the most popular one I believe. Pho shop & Deli next to Sportsbook is good for a quick bite.. -Penn & Teller, if you're into magic shows.. Cons:. -Late night dining options are pretty slim. BK Whopper bar on one end of the property and All-American B&G(which if you saw my reviews, I've had bad experiences). Usually friends and I will venture off property for late night grinds. There's room service too I suppose, if you're staying there.. -Machines(video poker/slots) payouts & table game limits are in line with strip casinos. There is the Palms across the street and Gold Coast next door that offer better gaming options in both aspects.. -For being the home of the World Series of Poker, the poker action is pretty sparse there. Even when there is a game, its mostly locals too.. The Rio seems to try to market themselves as a locals casino with things like food discounts, 2-4-1 tickets to certain shows, staycations. Priority parking for local Diamond/Seven Star members. It can't be easy with 2 casinos next to them who offer more to local players.. I believe the Rio sure beats staying at some of the lower end casino/hotels on the strip. The room prices are in mid range. At the same time, it doesn't compare to places like the Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn etc. But overall not a bad option depending on your budget/needs.. . *Three years ago, when I had a Seven Stars Companion players card. Friend and I were playing craps. In the middle of my turn, the pit boss interrupts my roll to 'ask' if I had another players card since this one isn't valid. I tell him it's definitely valid and current but he claims to never have seen this card before. What sucks is, right after this brief exchange, I throw the dice and crap out. You could hear a collective groan from the table of players. If you're familiar with gaming etiquette and craps in particular, it's considered bad luck to interrupt someone's turn like that and like clockwork, I lose right away. I was calm but not happy. I think the rest of the players weren't too glad about what happened. I know my friend was pretty mad about the pit boss interrupting my turn. Of course we both stopped playing right then, but I had to wait while the pit boss sorted it out. I found out he had called the shift manager. She showed up and did some calling and running around, I guess finding out if my card was real or not. After keeping us waiting about 15-20min, she finally introduced herself and explained the situation. She said she had not even seen that particular players card either but did check into it and indeed I am exactly what my card says I am and apologized for the inconvenience. When we cashed out at the craps table, all the pit boss said to us was 'good luck.' He didn't seem sorry at all for his lack of tact and etiquette. I was ok though since the shift manager cleared it up and felt really bad about it all.
Rio loves locals. They have local discounts in either most or all of their restaurants. It's off the strip so it's convenient for me as a local to get there. I've seen some of the regular rooms and some of the suites. It's not as outdated as some may think. Hotel rooms are clean and casino is clean. Good place to eat out and local discounts always help.
How can I forget this hotel after watching Austin Powers so many times! . . This is not the Rio De Janerio, it's  the Rio Hotel and Casino! One of the well known hotels in Las Vegas, and kind of distant from the main strip. Well, at least not walking distance. . . I was on a mission to find a hotel close to my friend's MMA event and the Rio was the closest hotel. I was able to get a great deal on a travel website and booked my room right away.  Upon the day of my arrival, the check-in  was very easy. I came in at a non-peak time. As a hotel guest waiting in line to check, a staff member of the hotel handed us bottled water and coupons for the attractions within the hotel's partners.. . The pros for the room are that it's very spacious and had great view of the strip. The room was thoroughly cleaned before I even checked in. My biggest gripe I had about the hotel was not having cell phone service to save my life! With the $20+ resort fee I had to pay at least included WiFi. My service provider is Sprint.. . The checkout was as easy for  me as checking in. I checked out from my hotel room to be on my merry way to the airport. I would stay at the Rio again, but this time I would have rented a car. The amount I paid in cab fares, it would have been cheaper and go where ever I wanted. Or called up my friends who live in Las Vegas ahead of time.
Good price .. Decent service .. Big rooms .. Easy access to the strip.. Im sold!
Great prices for a room and not far from the strip although I would not walk, we had a rental car.. I was researching prices and resort fees, parking fees, etc for our  trip to Las Vegas. It was our first trip there and I was a little overwhelmed at all the hotels, prices, resort fees, etc. I found a great deal with Allegiantair.com for our hotel, flight and rental car. Finding the hotel was not hard, but trying to park and check in was crazy for us! We parked where we thought we should but as we got out a valet screamed at us to move. I was very upset, we had just flew in from our delayed flight, we were tired, hungry and this is Vegas?? Let's go home, is what I was thinking.. A different Valet came over to help us, he was so nice and helped us with where to go and where to park. My husband went to check in while I sat in the car. . When he came back he was not sure where to park to get to our room. We circled around for a while trying to figure it out and had to go back to the Valet area where the same nice young man helped us out. He renewed my spirit that night! We finally found out where to park and then tried to find our room! Ugg, small town folk, it is hard! We were so lost, my husband left again to find someone to help us. It was kind of a maze for us. I was overly tired and started crying like a cranky toddler. He came back, we found our room and went to sleep. . This hotel is rather old, but our room was clean, and honestly, we didn't spend a lot of time in here so as long as it was clean and quiet, I was happy. If you want a really upscale room, this hotel will be satisfy you. But if yo are on a budget and just need a place to crash, this is your hotel! If we didn't have a rental car I would not have wanted to stay here because the strip is long enough to walk without having to walk to the hotel afterwards.. We had a great time in Las Vegas and the Rio was an economical choice for us. No resort or parking fees which can rack up! There is a fee for wi-fi but we jsut used our phones for everything.. Seafood buffet was a let down. We heard amazing things about it and decided to spend the money (expensive) , we were disappointed. Of course, we come from the coast where we have amazing seafood, so this was not up to par in the least. I would not recommend it. Everything else was good.. We would stay here again!
One of the better budget hotels out in Vegas since it's a couple minutes off the Strip,  It was a carnival/masquerade theme, although once popular. It never reinvented itself when the newer properties on the Strip came.. . None the less, I find the Rio to be a great bang for buck spot. I highly suggest it if you have been to Vegas several times, and don't need to be in the middle of the Strip and it's action.  It's also good if you travel to many of the local spots in Vegas (for example the Rio is literally right next to the Spring Mountain's Chinatown district), so I think Vegas vets should consider the Rio if they are looking for a more laid back vibe.. . Being off the Strip, its a lot more quiet out here and doesn't get crowded.  Hard to determine a specific demographic, but seems to caters to many locals.  It is a Harrah's property, so it falls under the Total Rewards Program for gamblers.  . . As far as the rooms goes, they are all suites. Bigger and although a little dated. They have the basic amenities and also a fridge.  I gotten the corner wraparound suite once, and that room was magnificent. Also don't complain about the resort fees...majority of the tourist and Strip casinos charge them, and yes nobody likes them. But they are a Vegas standard now so we just gotta deal with it.. . If I'm doing an extended stay in Vegas, I don't mind staying out here at the Rio. I suggest you have a car or plan out a bigger budget for taxis If you do stay out here. They do have a shuttle that runs twice an hour but only until 1-2am or so. It's also right next to the Palms if you want to party, and the Gold Coast is a locals casino with great deals as well.
Usually I stay at the Mirage but last year I stayed there five times too many, so I decided to stay at the Rio because it was comped! . . Now it's time for a change of scenery, even though I'm treated there like a VIP and receive high floors with strip views for free and have my own line for buffets and check ins. . . Speaking of checking in, the Rio needs to organize their Hotel Registration area and create a separate line for Diamond, Platinum and Seven Stars vs the regular Joe's (Gold Tier), the person in front of me flipped out because the person assisting the registration area let 2 people from the VIP line check in before us. Talk about lack of organization! . . This hotel may not be up to date with some of the other Harrah's hotels (Caesar's Palace, Paris, and Planet Hollywood) but it gets the job done, plus all the rooms are suites. So more room for, ME! My suite included: 2 Queen Beds (No Bedbugs), Wifi, Sitting area for guests,  A huge bath with a separate shower and toilet with a second separate shower and toilet, I thought was pretty odd. Also a refrigerator for drinks and snacks and a Keurig Coffee maker. . . Although the suite was not up to date, along with the whole resort, it was incredibly clean and did it's job. Hurray for the Rio! I didn't get to see Show in the Sky but it looked corny too me. =l I didn't have time to try any of their restaurants because I checked in around 10pm and I was moving to the Orleans the next day for a slot tourney. I didn't get to spend too much time around the Rio, other then the Casino where the drink waitresses were friendly. I will definitely give Rio another try, if my room is comped or is deep discounted. . . CARNIVAL!
I generally enjoy my stay. The suit we got is very large, with a king bed, sofa, desk, chairs.. . Tub is small though, and overall decoration feels pretty standard / spartan even. . . If I can get Rio's suits at the same price again (around $60), its a worthwhile stay. Not much higher though I think.
Absolutely great show!  Sammy, Dean and Joey are VERY good, but Frank NAILS it.  Come and see this show!
The Rio is large, clean, the staff is friendly, it's away from the strip and best of all our room was only $27 a night! We came here for Christmas and the Rio was by far the cheapest. My only complaint is the $40 a day resort fee.... That's crap.
Being in Los Angeles, I'm a frequent Las Vegas weekender. We have gone there 9 times this year and have stayed in many great hotels, like Manaday Bay, Arias, Westin Lake Las Vegas, or ok hotels like Stratosphere (which is a better hotel than I had expected). It all depends on which hotel had a good deal for the weekend. . . I did a blind express deal and got Rio as a 4-star hotel. The price was great but I was concerned about the hotel, what with people saying it was dated, the rooms and linen were dirty, service was poor, etc. But my actual experience told a very different story.. . First of all, I like the location. It is right off Flamingo Blvd, which is the very near the heart of Las Vegas at the junction of Flamingo Blvd and Las Vegas Blvd. No you can't just walk to the main strip from the hotel because I-15 separates you from the main strip. But we drove in, and it was not a problem. (Tip: if you want a room right on the strip for low dollars, go for Hurrah's. It's right in midst of the hustle and bustle but it is an older hotel.) Second, you should know that as the hotel's name implies, all the rooms are suites. That should be worth extra dollars but you don't end up paying extra.. . I liked the check in experience. We dropped off the car with the valet and walked right in to the very large and colorful lobby. Check in was a breeze, and one big reason was because the check in counter was actually in the lobby. That's not like with many other expensive hotels where they make you walk through the entire casino to get to the counter (the Aria and the MGM Grand come to mind). Since it was already 9pm I asked if all the good rooms were gone. The clerk just smiled and said yeah most of the rooms are gone but no worries we are upgrading you to the Samba King suite. Sweet.. . The elevator was clean, bright and polished. The hallways on my floor was coloful, festive, clean and bright. The room? Very big, clean and tastefully decorated. Even though it's a suite, there was no separate bedroom with a door. I don't want that anyway, but I suppose parents with kids might enjoy that privacy. The living room has modern and comfortable furniture. The king bed was firm and, most importantly, very clean. The bathroom was huge! Double vanity, separate shower room, and easily the size of a small motel room by itself. Young folks and budget-concious folks take note: you could sneak in 6 other people with sleeping bags and they can all sleep in the vanity room comfortably. Not that I would advise it cause you would have to step over them to go wash your hands or brush your teeth, but hey it can be done.. . Anything negative? 1) Ok I did find one noticable stain on the bed-end sofa bench. Left by a romantic couple during their intimate fun, perhaps? I don't want to know but I don't sit there anyway. 2) They do charge you for coffee in the room and there is a resort fee, but that's par for hotels 4 stars and above, so I don't count it against them. You want coffe in the room and free breakfast in the lobby? Book a two-star motel and you'll be perfectly happy. 3) The Voodoo Lounge on the rooftop was pumping out massive amount of bass that resonated through the room. I talked to the front desk about it. They could move me back to an ordinary suite on a lower floor, but I really liked our room. So we stayed up until the music stopped around 1:30am. They did give me coupons for free entry to the Voodoo Lounge (if you can't fight'em, join them), but we were too full of food and alcohol to go anywhere lol! It was a Saturday night, so you should decide if the noise was unreasonable or not. We were not exactly happy about it, but we dealt with it. Rio has a young crowd and they party down, so be prepare to join them or stay away.. . Overall, I like the hotel. You get a huge room for a cheap price (if you know how to hunt for the bargain), and it's centrally located. Tip: upgrade to a strip-view room for very little money. Ditto with the Samba King suites.
I'm not a gambler a drinker, so LV is not really my kind of town, unless I'm off the strip. The Rio is just that, a little of the strip and closer to where the locals go. . . Upon arrival, I was upgraded to a larger suite, SWEET!!!. The room was very nice, looked clean, didn't smell of yesterdays smoke, alcohol, or any flow play. The bed was a nice comfy size, king. Not sure why the t.v. is placed on the side wall, kind of difficult to watch in bed even have to do the head crank when seated on the couch, opposite the bed. . . The bathroom was fairly clean. I don't understand why hotels especially of such caliber don't wash their shower curtains. Upon inspection, I opened the curtain an almost hurled because of the sour smell the curtain spewed. It was nice to see that they automatically provided those little things you tend to forget, such as toothbrush, toothpaste and shower stuff. The vanity area is a bit odd, nice that there is a single cup coffee maker, but why put it on a shelf and one has to pull out and place on the vanity counter. Couldn't they just raise the shelf above to give the coffee maker enough room to open for water and the coffee packs? I was tempted. . . The casino itself is like any other, noisy and people everywhere. The downside is the HVAC. It must be the original unit since every time I walked out of the casino, I smelled of stale cigarettes. Yeah, I didn't spend much time there. I did, however, spend enough time to try their Pho restaurant. I will be writing a review for this place, so I won't say much here except, that was Pho? Blah. . . The room was nice and the price was good, should I go back to LV, I may consider staying here again.
