We were so happy that they opened a Max Brenner on the West Coast.  We've been to one of the NY locations and are totally a fan.  I would have given this place 5 stars if I were just judging them on their desserts and sweets however we ate here 3 times on our trip to Vegas and the last visit we actually ate lunch here.  I think the food itself isn't anything special.  We both had sandwiches, shared the chicken wings appetizer, and choco-pops.  The sandwiches aren't anything special and neither were the wings.  However on the other 2 out of 3 visits we did sample their desserts and they were damn good.  The hazelnut cream crepe, milk shakes and our loved Choco-Pops were amazing!  We also did a sharing dessert plate tasting and it was good though it was WAY too much for 2 people.  We prefer this place over Serendipity.
I WANNA GET CHOCOLATE WASTED!!!. . So, would you want to?. . Max Brenner will damn-right get you wasted, that is, chocolate wasted ;D. . Such ah delightful chocolate aroma that touches your tongue as if you can already taste the sweetness and flavor of Max Brenner's signature milk chocolate once you step into the restaurant.... . You must compliment the smell of the place with a cup of hot chocolate:. _Milk Chocolate - cocoa origin [Venezuela] My 1st choice. _White Chocolate- cocoa origin [Trinidad] My 2nd Choice. . Then get your appetite on: [share please]. _Creamy spinach & artichoke fondue. _Deep bleu Cobb salad. [Silders] Only on Weekdays (boooo). _Mini burger, BBQ pulled pork, Philly steak, etc (best food to order then what's on the menu to tell you the truth) . . Not yet full until you get your grub on: [going solo]. _The best B.A.L.T (I agree, dripping with a guacamole spread). _Grilled chicken panini (must love goat cheese). _Chubby smoked turkey club (simply a turkey cold sandwich). . And finally its Chocolate Wasted Time!:. _Chocolate chunks pizza (choice of crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows) . _[The Works] Everything on the pizza that is listed right above (BUT, I'm not a fan of the overly layered roasted marshmallows on top of the pizza)  . _Crystal sugar churros fondue (6 pieces, with milk chocolate, caramel, & raspberry dipping sauce). . Service: [3-4 stars]. Just hope you get a server who can give good recommendations on the food they serve, unless you already know what you want, then you should be fine.. Twice have i already experienced two servers who aren't knowledgeable of the menu to recommend something worth trying besides the plenty of desserts that they serve. . And based on their answers, I can almost say that this place is better off pleasing customers with a sweet tooth.. . NOTE: this review is based on what I have tried, so get chocolate wasted on your own choices ;)
One of the best places in the world for dessert.  if you love chocolate then this is the place for you.  . . the prices are very reasonable when you consider the quality and quantity of chocolate that is presented to you.  The chocoholics of the world will cry when they see how much fine chocolate is wasted because they give you so darn much with some of the desserts!!!. . I would highly recommend this as one of your stops.. . Oh, and our service was top notch.
Appetizers are pretty good and dessert are off the charts.   The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is their entrees are not very good and I've tried about 5 different ones now.   However, you dont go there to eat lunch or dinner.  You go there to indulge and the desserts are insane.
Yes Max is known for all the amazing chocolate dishes but the Turkey Burger is to die for.
I was walking pass by while I was shopping at Caesars palace and chocolate pizza had caught my eyes :). . So I was at to go counter to pick up some delicious looking chocolate pizza. Only 1 customer in front of me and the service extremely slow. I can't help but noticed the young gentlemen took 4 minutes to ring up, at the to go counter had 2 clerks but I have no idea why others one not calling me even though I tried to look at her.. . But overall, I am still happy with Chocolate Pizza!!! It was so so yummy.
If you like choclate this place is a must. I went for breakfast and had a cup of Hot Chocalate with soy. It was so good I had to get a second cup. I also had an omelete which was good. The service was very friendly.
The Bald Man rules!  I really enjoyed the criss cut fries dusted in cocoa and chile powder with the dipping aioli, the monte cristo sliders, and my orange smoothie.  The choc malted balls were really good to, albeit expensive.
This is the story of how we saved $12 with a Groupon. The story starts late one night online. Groupon had a $12 for $24 deal so the purchase was made with the idea that LA is only a few hours from Vegas and we'll be out there in the six-months before the Groupon expires. Well time did what time does and the expiration date was fast up on us so a trip to Vegas was planned. Another couple was found to join us on the adventure and we made our plans to stop by the outlets to shop and then go here for dinner. So pretty much we drove to Vegas for dinner just to save $12. Doesn't make a ton os sense but it turned out to be a really fun day that was highlighted by some tasty grub and chocolate.. . So we drove all the way from LA to Vegas for dinner, that's a lot of pressure but Max Brenner lived up to the hype we had built up for it. The Unforgettable Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich is actually unforgettable mostly because they put crushed up bbq chip in the sandwich which is something I've done after a night of drinking but never thought I'd see it in a restaurant. The Waffle fries that come with it are dusted with cocoa but I just didn't get any of that flavor. Maybe my taste buds had been over worked by the jalapenos from the sandwich. Next time I want to try the turkey burger, i hear it's bugerlicious. . . The little lady does this disgusting thing where she will order a pasta with alfredo sauce and not only ask for extra but ask for extra extra and she usually has to ask for more. i swear she should weigh 400lbs and no longer be a little lady. She of course asked for this when she ordered and I was amazed that when it came out she didn't have to ask for another side of alfredo sauce. The friends that were with us also ordered a pasta dish so there was some making a comparison between extra sauce and normal person sauce was easy. They didn't drown the pasta in alfredo but there was a little extra. I think it's because they have good hearty sauces and you don't need to drown pasta in it to get the goodness.. . We were all pretty full after dinner so we decided to share a dessert. Even though we wanted to try so many of the sweets they have we figured sharing the Crystal Sugar Churro Fondue would be the easiest to share. We all agreed that we could have done without the muddled raspberries but really enjoyed the chocolate and caramel sauces. Don't judge us but after the churros were gone we might have dipped a knife in the sauces. fat kids at heart I tell ya, fat kids at heart.
I'm so glad they opened up a location in Vegas! The moment you walk into the restaurant you are hypnotized by the magical aroma of sweet decadent chocolate! :) It was my first time ever and I know I will definitely be back again..  . I had the:.  - Sloppy Max Sliders which were a real treat! Perfect pulled pork deliciousness!. - Chocolate Chai Hot Chocolate which was perfect to the T! Light, creamy and full of so much flavor! The chai gave the hot chocolate a hint of cinnamon spice which was lovely!. - FONDUE: Crispy Chocolate Eggroll with banana chocolate filling, creamy milk chocolate dip and sea salt caramel sauce!. - Chocolate chunks pizza with bananas and hazelnut which was soooo good! Excellent crust and a good amount of ingredients!. . Of course I shared all of these goodies with my friends but by the end of the meal I was completely chocolate wasted and satisfied! . . Check it out -- I highly recommend this place for those with or without a sweet tooth! There's something delightful for everyone! I plan on going back again the next time I'm in Vegas or New York or wherever else they have a Max Brenner -- i'm there! :)
We had the corn croquet's for an appetizer, it was four quarter size morsel's of goodness. The croquet's could have been bigger , after all it's corn cakes not crab cakes. I had the steak sandwich on ciabbatta with carmelized onions, steak was sliced thin and had a decent amount . The bread was crisp and chewy . It also came with waffle cut fries dusted w/ cocoa and chili powder, the fries had a light crisp on the outside and a fluffy texture on the inside, reminded me of chic a filet waffle fries, which is a good thing. .           For the main course we had the chocolate sampler for two( waffle banana split, brownies, choco fondue( strawberries , marshmellow and bananas ) to dipand a  couple pieces of cookies.  The dinner menu is pretty small , but i guess the main attraction here is dessert.  The wife already knows what dessert she wants the next time.  Overall a great experience even though the dinner selections are limited they do it right.
This place is awesome, if you love chocolate this is the place for you to go. On top of that, their regular food is actually quite good and both all of their chocolate and non-chocolate foods are good. The only complaint is that their tables are too damn small to use. They're just annoyingly small, that's the only thing this place needs to change. Their breakfast and teas/coffees/hotchocolates are to be had with every meal, regardless of time of day.
I got my water refilled over 5+ times, lol. Yes, I was thirsty =P. Service was awesome & the food was of good portion and delicious! It's a bit dim though. Try out their regular pizza, sandwich and crepes. I got a turkey & spinach crepe w/ a couple of waffle cut fries & a honey-mustard-like sauce. . . The dessert pizza was awesome! We decided to sub the peanut butter for nutella (you should try it!). So fattening & good, lol. It's kewl that there's chocolate being churned (or __insert__ other verb) and pumped around the place.
If I looked up 'this is why I'm fat' in a dictionary, I'd find a picture of myself posing with Max Brenner's chocolate pizza. True story. . . I've had dessert at MB's NYC locations, but tried lunch for the first time here at his Caesar's Palace diggs. I was excited to see the set-up & decor was identical to the original store. . . I ordered sliders: two adorable, sky-high burgers topped with an onion ring & BBQ sauce. Very tasty, especially the toasted brioche bun. MB incorporates chocolate in savory dishes, for instance sprinkling cocoa powder on waffle fries & serving black & tan onion rings with a chocolate-ranch dipping sauce. How amazing!. . My lunch partners & I shared a few desserts: a waffle w/ bananas (which I didn't care for) & the aforementioned chocolate pizza, topped with 'the works' ($16.50 for a large): chocolate, peanut butter, marshmallows & bananas. So ridiculous in it's very existence; pizza is not supposed to be this sweet or this sexy. I enjoyed it so much, I picked one up for the plane ride home a few days later. That's real dedication to fatassness.
Stopped by here twice in the last 3 days, since I have 2 Groupons to use up.  Before that I was here for a CMYE event here, and sampled a selection of their hot menu items and chocolatebeverages.. . Based on the Yelp reviews,on my first visit, I ordered the B.A.L.T. sandwich and an Apple Pie Cinnamon Waffles (white chocolate cream, vanilla crepe flake ice cream, candied pecans) for dessert.  On my second visit, I sat at the bar and ordered the Brenner Burger and upgraded it to Pure AmericanKobe Beef, a Hot Dark Chocolate drink, and ended my lunch with a Butterscrotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake (dulce de leche ice cream, toffee sauce, pure milk chocolate).. . The B.A.L.T. sandwich was good, but I thought there would be more avocado.  Otherwise, it was tasty and pretty easy to make at home if you are so inclined. The best part is the waffle fries.. . Apple Pie Cinnamon Waffles - one of their composed desserts.  I have a sweet tooth, but even this was a little too much sugar for me.  The waffles was okay, and for me the best part of this dessert was the 2 oz scoop of vanilla ice cream and the warmed and dilluted condense milk that you can pour over the everything.. . The Brenner Kobe Burger was very good.  And was also served with those waffle fries.  It was juicy, has a good flavor, and I totally recommends this.  Can get a little messy eating this, but nothing a good wipe on the napkins or a little soap and water will not fix up.. . The Hot Chocolate (Dark Chocolate) was served in the "hug me" mug, which I thought would be bigger, but the hot chocolate was served in a cup sized "mug" but has rich chocolate flavor.  Worth a try, if you love chocolate.. . Butterscrotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake - a sweet milkshake perfect for the sweet tooth.  But it is not a unique dessert concept that you can't find anywhere else.  But it hit the spot for me and was a yummy conclusion to a good lunch.. . The waitstaff were all very friendly and attentive. 4/5. . Decor - 4/5. . Food is average to good. 3.5/5. . Price - relatively inexpensive by casino restaurants standards.  3.5/5. . So almost 4 stars, but it gets there by rounding up. :)
Was told to try this place out by a friend and we came in and got their "sharing" plate that feeds 2, but definitely was enough for the 4 of us to just get a sample of everything (waffle, brownies, fondue, and more).  We also had coffee to try with the chocolate to counteract with the sweetness and was a bit disappointed that the kangaroo cups didn't work as we thought it was going to.  :(  However, the "sharing" plate was awesome and the small chocolate store they had attached definitely had reasonably priced chocolates and souvenirs for us to bring home.  A chocolate lovers' dream!
There are pros and cons between this location and the one back in NY. And I'll tell ya fo' sho'!. . This location has much nicert waiters, fo' sho'. I had two waiters: Brenda and Ryan. Brenda was sweet, and then Ryan took over. Ryan looks EXACTLY like Ryan Cabrera when he had his blond spikes. I named him Ryan throughout the entire time, and what do you know, his name really is Ryan. Hey, maybe I can be his Ashlee, but we all know how that went.. . The pizza was not as good, it fell apart as soon as I took a piece and it wasn't as crispy. Fondue is always as good, and as usual, my marshmallows were caught on fire several times. As long as my food is edible, I'm good. And I must say, I've never had so much fun with chocolate until now. I was making splatters and drawing with chocolate, being a kid is good again.. . Ryan (Cabrera) and Brenda checked up on us a few times. Nicest waiters ever. And I bet you Ryan plays guitar and rock music.
outstanding chocolat.
Thoroughly enjoyed our time here.  First off, really liked that the wait to get a table was relatively painless.  We walked in around 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon and were seated within 15 minutes.  . They really put in a lot of effort to create an experience.. We got the Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich and the Brenner Burger, both were great.  And the waffle fries that come on the side are delicious!. For dessert we tried the Italian thick hot chocolate, Toffee hot chocolate, and the Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe.  They were all good.  Just be warned that as the name suggests, the Italian thick hot chocolate is very thick, so just be prepared.  We definitely understood Max Brenner's chocolate love story.. Our server was very sweet and took good care of us the whole time.  She was knowledgeable about the menu and was able to offer good suggestions.The interior is adorable and has a Charlie and the Chocolate Factory feel to it.
Concierge at Caesar's introduced it to us for Valentine's and it was perfect. Casual dining, mid-range pricing but totally unique food, drink and dessert, and the main ingredient....chocolate! What's not to like. Everything that is basic but elevated to a new level!
If you love Chocolate...If you love the smell of chocolate...if you are a chocolate fan...Than this is the must go spot for anybody who wants chocolate..... . My friend saw this place and her eyes just beamed and glowed and she was we have to go and sit here.... . I'm not the biggest chocolate fan but I did taste some and it was just too sweet for my tastes...but it was great place for me to pickup some gifts for other people.... . They had a huge variety of items in their shop...attached to the restaurant.. . If you love to drink chocolate they sell these milk chocolate syringes that you heat up in the microwave and just put it in your mouth to enjoy...
went there for the yelp event and omg was i Chocolate wasted... going to go back soon so i can try more food and more drinks for sure. very nicestaff and very nice ambiance
Heckuva find, especially since we were staying at CP and it was a ten-minute walk from our hotel room to the restaurant.. . The good:. - Location: Love the Forum Shops area, makes for great people watching and window shopping to and from dinner.. - Price: Four of us shared one appetizer, three entrees, one dessert and one coffee for $75 (including tax and tip) and we were STUFFED.. - Quality: The veggie conscious burger was perfect, with a bread soft enough to allow you to really enjoy the juicy veggie patty. The spicy waffle fries were cooked perfectly. The chicken panini was nice and juicy and not smashed like most paninis I'm used to. The spicy chicken and cheese pizza was very big and could easily feed two, maybe three people (the goat cheese was a nice touch). The caramel concoction dessert was very nice (since we're Indian we love spice anywhere we can get it and here, the combination of mousse, white chocolate and spicy peanuts was memorable).. - Quantity of food: The burgers are HUGE and while you dont get a large side of fries, you get enough to fill yourself up. The panini was hearty and the pizza was large also. Comfort food indeed!. -Service: Fast and friendly!. . The bad:. - The cheese croquettes. For $7 you get four measly quarter-size croquettes. They were tasty (panko crumbs) but incredibly over-priced (shocking because everything else seemed reasonable).. . Conclusion: Would definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas!
Super delicious! Had lunch/dinner with friends for the first time over the weekend. Super cute atmosphere! Chocolate everywhere! We tried saving room for dessert but we were stuffed after our meal. A few hours after shopping and gambling we came back for the cookies and they tasted like heaven!!!. . Our waiter was prompt but when paying for our meal with half cash, half card. she failed to take the cash and charged the whole tab on one credit card. I think she was rushed. Overall, we had a great experience!
about to get my chocolate on, seriously! i love when someone loves a specific ingredient/food and makes it into the best things it could be. max brenner knows his chocolate and he knows how to give it that special touch to create something so simple into something complex and amazing.. . we tried the sharing tasting, which included: banana split waffle, chocolate sponge cake, chocolate eggrolls, milk & white chocolate bark, and chocolate fondue with fruit and marshmallows. we also added the milk chocolate apple caramel crisp. among this explosion of goodness, my favorite were the milk & white chocolate bark, which i can't truly describe and it's can't be bought separate from the sampler. it's not like bark you get during christmas, it was flaky and airy. i've never had anything like it. i also love the added touch of the grill to toast the marshmallows before dipping it into the fondue.. . max brenner seriously takes my love for chocolate to a whole other level and i will be back to try them all!
This place is a hot chocolate mess, and I mean that in the best possible way.  Nestled in the riff-raff that is Caesars Palace, this Count Chocula wet dream satisfies the most demanding of chocolate cravings.  The Mexican hot chocolate definitely sparks my bi-lingual curiosity.
Here's the low-down:. . drinks. Peanut Butter Iced Chockie - 5 stars. 80's shake - 3 stars. Mexican spicy hot chocolate - 4 stars. . dessert. chocolate chunks pizza - 2 stars. European fondue - 3 stars. crystal sugar churros fondue - 4.5 stars. --order extra strawberries with your fondue!--. . food. Brenner Burger sliders - 2 stars (fries - 4 stars!). grilled chicken panini - 3 stars
I'm glad last minute while trying to fall asleep to try here for brunch before I left Vegas. I was curious about the whole food+chocolate. So after we checked out of our hotel, we cruised over to Ceasars Palace to try Max Brenner.. . We got there around 11pm and only a couple table was filled. Hostess seated us right away. I noticed all the tables there are pretty small, which is fine since it gives you that small French cafe atmosphere. Waiter was attentive and friendly.. . Here's what we ordered:. . Chocolate Chai- Came in a pot filled with actual chai tea leaves and a piece of biscotti with powdered sugar. It was light and flavorful and delicious. I loved it.. . Slammin spicy chicken burger- Came with the chili/chocolate powder waffle fries and dipping sauce. My husband said the burger was good and I tried his fries and loved it. It was crispy and had that touch of spicynesss.. . Guilt Free Omelet- My omelet had mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, onions. It was more like a scramble but folded into an omelet shape with the cheese melted on top. I though the cheese on top and in between was too much for me, but they didn't skimp on the size and amount of veggies in the omelet. My dish also came with this chili breakfast potatoes which I couldn't stop eating. I wish I had more!! The biscuit was great and I believed the butter and chocolate was to be eaten together with the biscuit, strange combination, but to my surprise, fries, breakfast potatoes, biscuit..they all taste good with chocolate on it..haha. . Overall the meal itself was great. It was definitely a different style of dishes .Very unique but it fits together. Will be back to try the milkshake I've been hearing about and hopefully the mexican hot chocolate!
I wasn't sure about coming to this place for lunch.  I mean, I don't like chocolate THAT much.  But maybe I do now.... . But talk about a place that really meshes its theme into the ambiance and decor.  I never knew chocolate could be so sophisticated.  It's like Trina Turk came in here and waved a magic wand.  That was a plus.. . I had the Southwestern salad with lots of avocados in it and a lime vinaigrette.  For dessert we split the Churro Fondue.  I love churros and with the milk chocolate, caramel, and raspberry sauce, I was very much in a heavenly state.. . Our server was very engaging and nice but I felt like she and her bus staff had road runner legs.  At a sit-down restaurant, I don't like to be rushed and I don't like the bus boys trying to take stuff away all the time like I am eating too slow.  That there is the minus star.. . Other than that, I would recommend this to chocolate lovers for sure and for those looking for a lot of lite fare options.  The latter is great for those who want to replenish just the right amount of energy to get back to shopping Caesar's or throwing their life savings on the pass line.
Picture this: Four straight men sharing chocolate fondue. That is what me and my girlfriends witnessed our hubbies doing unabashedly the first time we experienced the magic that is Max Brenner. Chocolate knows no prejudices or boundaries.. . We came here specifically for dessert. There were eight in our party and we ordered two samplers that were each supposed to feed two but totally filled us up.It came with chocolate sponge cake, chocolate egg roll, chocolate bark, chocolate fondue (dark, milk or white) with marshmallows and fruit, crunchy chocolate wafer balls and more yummy choco goodness.. . Not only was everything we sampled decadent and delicious, the atmosphere was just as cool. I fell in love with all of the cups, plates and silverware. Hot chocolate is served in a "Hug Me" cup that you need to pick up with both your hands. Milkshakes come in an Alice in Wonderland inspired "Drink Me" glasses. How fun is that?. . I haven't had a chance to try much of the food aside from the pizza. I had the mushroom and ricotta pizza which was on a thin crust and tasted as wonderful as their desserts.. . I would give this place five stars but they could improve their service. The first time I went, they screwed up another table's order and gave us a free pizza so it wouldn't go to waste. Good for us but sucked for the other table who had to wait for their food. The next time I went, our waitress was rude and accidentally dropped a stack of plates.. . Despite the service I've experienced, everything else has been memorable and top notch. The desserts are so amazing that a bunch of guys don't mind fondue-ing it together.
I was visiting my non-blood sister who resides in vegas and we had just come back from an afternoon of boarding in Utah.  Now I was hungry. Hungry and excited for the rest of our evening.. . She's a great host by the way. We were trying to find somewhere interesting to grub and she suggested Max Brenner, I'm sure primarily due to the rave reviews about their chocolate infused desserts and dishes. Chocolate? Sign me up. . . We walked through Ceasar's and made our way to the restaurant. It's a nice, classy yet casual establishment. We were promptly seated and the first thing I reached for was the dessert menu. Out of the four of us, I was the most excited to be lulled by chocolate. . . We all individually got their frozen frappes. Oreo, two mochas, the chocolate truffle granita and hazelnut. The last two were mine. I couldn't choose so she said "get both", and after a slight twist in the arm, I acquiesced. The frappes came in cute porcelain glasses with alum straws, cool concept. I tried all the frappes and liked the truffle granita the most.. . Onion rings with chocolate ranch sauce, waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder, crunchy mac and cheese are the apps we chose to start with.  The chocolate ranch was a bit odd, and didn't seem to pair too well with the onion rings. Waffle fries were good, even better  with plain ketchup and the mac cheese had a nice crust and bacon!. . The boys got burgers which were impressively large, and per their opinion, pretty damn tasty. I gave up beef for lent (ugh i know) so I couldn't partake but they looked delish.  She and I shared the BLAT (bacon, lettuce, avocado and tomato) which was nothing impressive but I ate my share anyway.. . I definitely wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their desserts AND a burger of my very own next time.
I had zero expectations for this place, but anywhere that revolves around sweets is my kinda place.  I'm actually not a huge chocolate fan when I have the choice between chocolatey and fruity desserts but I certainly appreciate some tasty chocolate every once in awhile.  We went here for a light meal (I didn't even get dessert, which is unlike me...but I did get a custom box of truffles made for the trip home).. . We had the sloppy Max sliders, the Brenner Burger sliders, and the Mexican hot chocolate with milk chocolate.  OH SWEET JESUS the hot chocolate was good.  We initially ordered one to share but the second I tasted it I knew that would not be happening.  We got one more but I tell you I could have drunk that stuff by the potful.  If you like a little bit of kick, DEFINITELY try that.  I was sad I couldn't buy some mix or something to take home.. . The sloppy Max sliders were pulled bbq pork and DELICIOUS.  The burger ones were nothing special.. . The truffles were not as good as the ones I got from Vosges also in Caesar's but they were tasty.  My favorite was the chili and cornflakes one and the hazelnut cream pecan one (or something...I tried to look it up on the website but I'm having a hard time finding the flavors).  The free samples of chocolate covered pecans were GREAT as well.. . Not super pricey either (for Vegas) so check it out if you're looking for a quick bite and something to satisfy your sweet tooth!  They had a ton of desserts including a syringe of chocolate you can directly inject into your mouth or onto your dessert or wherever (well, probably not WHEREVER...you might have to buy one to go if you get any crazier ideas ;)
max brenner is a great place for brunch on the vegas strip. situated conveniently in the caesars forum shops, the cute and dark little shop is home to delicious chocolates and chocolatey drink concoctions.. . the banana split latte, priced at a whopping $7.50, was a thick, creamy chocolate milkshake with bananas. it was frothy and came in the most interesting yet practical cup, equipped with metal straw to keep the beverage cold until the moment it hits your lips.. . the illegal chocolate chocolate chocolate pancakes were amazing. soft, pillowy, fluffy disks of dough, topped with toffee'd bananas and toasted pecans. as if that wasn't decadent enough, a generous drizzle of chocolate syrup and honey. for those chocoholics, an extra beaker of chocolate sauce sits on the side for additional dousing to your heart's content.. . the skillet scramble was surprisingly delicious, coming from a chocolate shop. eggs were velvety, the sausage  was savory, the peppers and onions nicely grilled, and the spinach and mushrooms nicely seasoned. served with a crunchy and crusty roll and a side of chocolate sauce and butter. chocolate and eggs? yes, questionable. weird at first but due to the quality of the chocolate, it sort of works.
So, while in Vegas two weeks ago, my friend and I had reservations for dinner here at Max Brenner.  Now, I should honestly tell you that I am not a huge chocolate fan (shocking I know!), but I was intrigued by the way that chocolate was being incorporated into the ingredients.. . The food, the service, and the smell of chocolate in the air made for a great dinner, and sitting outside on the patio (although it's not really outside but just a view of people passing by the Forum Shops) was pretty relaxing.. . DRINKS:. . Satisfaction Guaranteed!  Nope, that's not what I think about the drinks here, that is in fact that actual name of a drink.  It's pretty much like a spiked chocolate milk (castries peanut liqueur, caramel liqueur, milk chocolate served up)....but a very very very notched up version which was amazing.  They serve it to you in a martini glass (sans stem) which is placed in a small bowl of ice to keep it cold while you drink it.  It also comes with a small beaker with some extra in it as well as some spicy peanuts which really do add to the flavor of the drink as you enjoy it.  . . FOOD:. . The food was great. To start, we got the onion rings which come with a chocolate ranch dressing. Now some of you might be thinking "blech!!!" but I have to say...don't knock it to you try it. It's pretty mild, so don't expect a huge burst of flavor...just enjoy it for it is.. . For my main course I had the grilled asparagus crepe and it was huge! (That's what she said! lol).   It was very flavorful and filled with perfectly al dente  aspargus and a lot of cheese.  An excellent way to be induced into a food coma.. . Unfortunately I simply had no room for dessert, but did buy some pieces of individual chocolate from the store inside.  One to try (if they still have it)...chocolate filled with halva.  Halva is a Middle Eastern thing (difficult to explain really), so I really impressed that they would have such a chocolate there.   The chocolates overall were VERY good (although I still think Tseucher is the best) and were a great way to end the meal.. . I would highly recommend you come here at least once to see what it's all about.  The menu is fairly large and there are many options for picky eaters.
Heard about this place from a friend, and had to check it out.. . Melting marshmellow hot chocolate.. . Hot Chocolate shots were sooo good. . . Kids love the chocolate syringe.  Boy were they hyper after. Hahaha.
Decided to come here since I been off sweet for 40 days and what better place to get my suger on then chocolate paradise. This place is the best chocolate place I can think of. No matter what my age is I'll still be running around here like a little kid. . . My cousin and I decided to start off with the Italian hot chocolate. AMAZING! I LOVE HOT CHOCOLATE and this place made it even better! So GOOD! . . We also ordered the chocolate chocolate chocolate pancakes. One bite was yummy but after that you're on a sugar high. So, over time it was just alright. My cousin got their skillet which was okay. Overall, the food was just a-ok. . . However, if you're ever here you must try their desserts. Also, a big plus is their chocolate chip and walnut cookie. Bake to perfection. A very big cookie with the chocolate chip melted in the middle. It was soo good that my sister special requested to be brought back home for her. :)
I have been dying to go here since I saw it on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". So this place was my Birthday Request. I ordered the Hazelnut Milkshake which was perfectly cold and surprisingly light and frothy, not heavy. My choice for the Main Course was the Spicy Chicken Pizza, although very good.eh..I could have picked something better like the Macaroni and Cheese. The waiter had actually suggested it..not realizing it wasn't on the Brunch menu. (Note: If its not on the menu request it!) This was the best mac and cheese in the world I am certain! "Really Cheesy - Really Crunchy Mac n Cheese - marinara, fresh tomatoes & bacon". You know in the movie in Seven..the gluttony crime scene, where the guy ate himself to death? That could easily occur with this dish. Its like crack..no joke.
If you are willing to try the "chocolate from the bald man", then you'll come up pleasantly surprised.. . Their italian creme hot chocolate was so creamy and smooth that I felt like  I was drinking from the chocolate river from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory....it was absolutely perfect.. . I also tried their kobe beef burger and their chocolate waffle with cinnamon apples.. . The waffle was absolutely delicious, but I didn't love the burger. The burger was ordinary to me...if you get the kobe beef burger, you should get it medium rare.  My friend had the guilt free omelette and I thought it was deliciously savory.  The cheese they used really made the dish pop.  And it was a perfect complement to all the sweets we had.. . Mr. Brenner knows sweets and he knows chocolate.  I had a bite of his chocolate chip cookie and I thought it was delicious.  Definitely come here for some hot chocolate and I think you'll be as chocolate wasted as I was.
Do not get this place confused with just a sweet spot.. This little place in the Cesar palace has a very delicious Menu.... I recommend the skillet or the pizza.... Bother were extremely delicious, i know you can really go wrong with a skillet however, all the ingredients that were combined with the egg was so good.... The skillet came with various peppers, sausages and various meats onions, mushrooms (Yum) with a delicious bread with the side of chocolate or white chocolate ganache. As for the pizza it was very good, it was more Mexican style which consist of cilantro black beans three different kinds of cheeses and chicken. The dough is thin so it is not over filling at all. The only reason this place was not 5 stars was the food took forever and the waitress was horrible, no refills was given to us and we had to wait forever for the bill.
Max Brenner and Chocolate. They're like, two things that just go together perfectly. Two things that are just meant to be together. Like, peas in a pod. Rubber and glue. Cheech and Chong. Alien and Predator.  Puff and Mase. . . I LITERALLY had to make sure I found myself in Vegas in 2010 to use a Groupon I purchased here. I was shocked to see Max Brenner with a Groupon because quite frankly, this is a popular restaurant known world wide that can get by without a Groupon, I'm sure. . . Of course the chocolate here is ridiculous- and by ridiculous, I mean freaking amazing. There isn't a piece of chocolate on Max's menu that couldn't bring me to tears of joy. This chocolate is dark, rich, thick, a whole bunch of decadent adjectives baby. A list of deserts so delicious, it'll have you wishing you were Augustus Gloop.. . I'd have to say, The Bald Man has done us west coasters a solid by bringing his chocolate to Caesars. The theme of this restaurant is interesting- very 'wooden chocolate industrial workshop' vibe going on. The plates and cups are all unique. The pizza was delicious, the shakes were delicious, deserts were delicious- I was very satisfied.
Stopped in for some free chocolate samples and stayed to share hot chocolate and a chocolate martini, both of which were ridiculously good. The deserts looked awesome including various types of chocolate fondue, chocolate pizza and delicious truffles. Will definitely come back to sample more from their menu.
Hug mugs, need I say more?  I went home with two of them.  . . This was a great compromise when we no longer wanted an all you can eat buffet.  They have breakfast and lunch and of course chocolate.  Our waitress was really, really nice.  I ordered a cookie to go, which came to $5 - yowzers that's a lot of change.   Still remember meal fondly.
First fell in love with Max Brenner's in NY sometime last year and was absolutely elated when we found out they'd be opening one in Vegas.  Car ride to Vegas much cheaper than a plane out to NY!. . Made reservations ahead of time because we had expected it to be as busy as the NY establishment.  To our surprise it was not at all packed.  There was plenty of seating available both upstairs and downstairs.. . The staff seemed a little green.  They were not as friendly or confident as we are used to experiencing in most restaurants.  Our waitress had trouble doing more than one thing at a time as well.  They could easily fix this issue though.. . We knew we wanted to get the Blackened Skirt Steak and Mushroom Quesadillas again!  Man this dish is seriously a piece of heaven.  The cheese, meat, mushrooms, and three different sauces all marry together into a mouthful of deliciousness!  Our new course for this visit was the Pasta la Mancha.  It was a decent dish, but nothing will ever satisfy our Max Brenner savory cravings like the quesadilla.. . The place comes with desserts a plenty.  We've tried the several of them and like the Melting Chocolate Cake Souffle the most.  A number of different shakes to try as well.  You can even buy several items and of sweets from the gift store inside.  We snagged ourselves some Alice cups to take home.  . . Only 4 stars cause the decor and ambiance just wasn't like it was in NY.  But don't get me wrong, we'll definitely make it a point to stop by at least once (if not more) every time we're in Vegas.
Wow, fantastic desserts, although very, very expensive.. . We each had their famous cookies - Walnut Chocolate Chip and Double Chocolate - both were fantastic and incredible - soft and gooey cookies with rich chocolate flavor.  My favorite was the Walnut Chocolate Chip...it's definitely one of the best cookies I've ever had.  These were $10 each and even though it arrived with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and a mixed fruit and mint side, it still was very pricey. . . We also tried their sundaes -  I had a dessert with chocolate ice cream sandwiched between twochocolate cookies and it arrived with a rich milk chocolate dipping sauce.  It was very good and decadent.  The other sundae ordered was a chocolate peanut butter one with lots of great chocolate flavor and peanut butter goodness.. . This was definitely a splurge, but I enjoyed it.  The next time I'm in LV, I'd definitely come back here , but I'd go to the outside/"to-go" stand and order the Walnut Chocolate Chip Cookies, which are only $5...those cookies were extremely impressive.   . . Overall, everything here was great...the price point seems just too high to me, even for being that good...definitely worth a try, though.
This is one of my favorite places to buy gifts!  Who doesn't love fabulous chocolate?  The chocolates here are amazing, interesting (unexpected) tastes- if that makes sense.  One time I had a chilli orange dark chocolate with puffed rice, it was the most amazing piece of chocolate I have ever tasted.  I bought a little box of them and have not seen it since last July.  Godiva is nice but Max Brenner is definitely on a different level.   . . . Their food is good here and the atmosphere is nice considering it's in the mall.  I've had all wonderful experiences here the numerous times I've come for lunch while shopping, and to buy gifts except one time.  About two weeks ago I was here and trying to find someone to help me with chocolate selection.  The two women who were working there, told me with a hand gesture to wait "one second," and continued their conversation behind the counter.  I stood there politely and listened to their unimportant conversation.. 2 minutes, 5 minutes, and then I saw that I was there standing for 10 minutes just watching them talk while they ignored me and I walked out totally pissed off.  I've been thinking about phoning in to complain about the women, but it's more my style to YELP the complaint in the hopes that someone in management will hear.  . . On a more positive note, this is the only bad experience I've had here, there are so many times where I've had lunch here and the service (which is always secondary in importance to me next to the food) is perfect.   Try their espresso/chocolate drinks they are phenomenal.
I really like this place. It's pricey which is why I can't totally give it 5 stars. But if given an opportunity to be on the Strip near Caesar's with kids... I'd come here.. . The grilled cheese sandwich for kids has the sandwich triangles skewered into a tower which I thought was cute. The sliders were yummy and the hot chocolate is very good. Onion rings are tasty. . . The house cocktails are fun and I always leave with a small tin of chocolate pecans. Great gifts though they just raised the price of the chocolate syringes 20%. . . You'll feel it in your wallet when you come here but it'll still taste so sweet.
Dropped by for a quick snack before dinner and ended up sharing the mushroom burger. It came with a portobello mushroom intend of a beef patty which was insanely juicy and delicious. The waffle fries were addicting and the dipping sauce sealed the deal for this quick meal. Waffle fries were dusted with chili and cocoa powder, yum-o! Gotta go back to try their unique desserts!
After going to a fabulous CMYE event here last year, I finally made it back to Max Brenner for lunch !. . We had a pizza, mac and cheese, philly sliders, and risotto. All were HUGE portions, and we had way too much food. Everything was tasty, but nothing ground breaking. Just nice bar food. . . We were too stuffed for dessert, but we were still able to find room for liquid desserts (I can ALWAYS find room for liquid dessert!). We had the mocha madness - kahlua, espresso, and dark and white chocolates. YUM. I'm going to go out on a limb here and declare this the tastiest chocolate beverage I've had to date. Great way to finish a meal!. . Great service, cute atmosphere. The savory foods are decent, but the sweet things are where this place shines.
If you are a chocolate and sugar addict like I am this is the place for you. I was so happy they have a location in Vegas outside of their NYC location. Its located inside the Forum shops at Cesars Palace. . . I came here for lunch with my friends. My friend and I split the Brenner burger with Kobe beef and Bacon. The burger was really good. They only give you like 5 pieces of waffle fries though...Its pretty pricey here, but then again it is Vegas and it is located on the strip so I guess it is expected. . . The highlight of my meal was the Chocolate chip and Walnut cookie!!!! Best cookie ever! this says a lot since I am very picky about certain cookies and I think most cookies are gross. It was huge and served hot and fresh. I was way too full to get other desserts, but next time I will for sure. Everything on their menu looks and sounds amazing!
Max Brenner was definitely one of my favorite meals in Vegas and I am so grateful that we stumbled upon it in Caesars. . . I got the Seasons of the Sea burger... it was a HUGE salmon fillet, with great fixings such as caramelized onions and a chipotle mayo. The butter bun melted in my mouth, as did the chili and cocoa powder fries. I was soooo full after this meal, but it was well worth it. . . I do wish there was more fries, even though I was full, but only because I feel like a $14 burger for lunch should get a little more. . . My sister enjoyed the mac'n'cheese. It came in this cute little skillet and it was crispy ooey goodness. Also came with a jar of marinara to spice up this classic dish.
The chocolate bald man dude guy strikes back! I've been meaning to go back to this place ever since our supremely awesome CMYE Chocoholiday last year. I've been a few times (as my check-ins reveal) to purchase gift items, such as their chocolate-filled syringes, but I haven't been back to dine in. I finally had my chance last night as we sought out a dessert destination to satiate our post-Hot n Juicy appetites.. . If there's one thing you can say about the bald man, it's that he sure knows how to make a dish look purty. I mean, Crystal Sugar Churros Fondue, Chocolate Chunks Pizza - it all sounds pretty delicious to begin with. But the way those desserts come out to your table, they're just a work of art.. . I'll be honest. I'm not a huge fan of how the churros are prepared. I want a plain churro that actually looks like a churro. To me, the churro is merely a vessel for the chocolate. I don't need it to be covered in sugar, but I do need it to have the deep grooves on the side by which it will receive the chocolate and transport it to my mouth. Partial fail on that.. . On the other hand, the pizza was delectable. I'd name more dishes, but I really don't remember what everyone ordered. All I know is that this place beats Serendipity3 hands down. Serendipity is still my favorite rom-com, but Max Brenner is the better choice for not-so-cheap chocolate indulgence.
4 stars for solid service, presentation, and quality of food.  I do think that this place is a wee bit overhyped and a bit on the spendy side....however, I thoroughly enjoyed my turkey burger and waffle fries and stuffed myself to the brim with the milk chocolate caramel apple crisp.  Interior is on the dark (chocolate?) side, lots of dark wood and browns throughout the place.  I WANTED to take the 11 pound chocolate bar home with me, but reason prevailed.  Sigh.  Maybe next time.
Die. They have happy hour now and boy is it a good one!. . $5 sliders (with fries), pizza (the size of those frozen pizzas) & $4 drinks like wine and mojitos.. . All of which I had. And all of which were delicious. My fave was the Brenner sliders. The ciabatta bread they use makes all the difference.. When all the food came, we were super shocked at the size of each item. I was full off the sliders alone.. . Bartender was super nice and I recommend sitting at the bar, especially for happy hour. When we did, we got all the "mistake" milkshakes and got served faster!
Came here for brunch while visiting Vegas. The atmosphere was simple yet, modern and sophisticated and the service was spot on. . Being that I had heard so much about Max Brenner, I felt it was my duty to try some of his famous hot chocolate. So I decided on the Mexican hot chocolate having never had Mexican HC before. I loved it! It had a unique but delicious flavor with a slight kick at the end from the cayenne pepper. For my meal, I decided on something less sweet: The Rosen Deli smoked turkey crepe. It was an egg crepe with swiss cheese, turkey and mushroom inside with a salad on top that consisted of greens, bell peppers and mandarin oranges. The crepe would have been salty if it were not for that salad on top. It was also accompanied by some potato wedges that were seasoned with of all things, cocoa powder and other spices. They were very good. It was a tasty meal but after trying the Cinnamon apple pecan and white chocolate truffle french toast my friend had ordered, I was wishing I had ordered something sweet for my brunch. The french toast was amazing, by far one of the best french toasts I have ever eaten. Lucky for me that my friend only ate half and left me with the remainder. After brunch, we decided to look around at all the chocolates. We were given samples of the chocolate covered pecans which were delicious and I purchased a couple of chocolates to eat while wandering around Ceasars: The toasted coconut and a chocolate with whiskey in it. Both were very good although pricey. I did manage to find a good buy though. It came with two hug mugs (mugs specially designed to hug with your hands when drinking hot chocolate so your hands get warm, two saucers and a tin of hot chocolate all for 25.00. I thought it was not a bad price so I purchased it and plan on making that hot chocolate soon once I am done with the first few phases of my diet. So if you are in Vegas and looking for a decent Brunch, Max Brenner is a great place! Just make sure you order all sweets when you go. You will not regret it and will be in heaven!
Once I found out there was a Max Brenner in Vegas (I've been to the one in NYC many years ago), I knew I had to come here during my visit.. . For brunch, I ordered the the Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito, Slammin Spicy Chicken Burger, and Chocolate Chunks Pizza (all shared of course, although I probably could've ate it all if I chose to). The burrito and chicken burger were both good, although I thought the burrito could've used more seasoning. Might have just been because there was more egg than anything else. The dessert was the best part! Although it doesn't look like anything special, it tastes great, especially with hazelnutbits and peanut butter.. . The service was okay. It was pretty slow considering the place wasn't even crowded.. . There are still so many dishes I'd like to try. Unfortunately, I live too far to frequent this restaurant. There should be a Max Brenner closer to LA.
We came here for lunch & dessert. We ordered the following:. . -Brenner sliders. -cobb sliders. -sharing tasting for 2. . The sliders were okay, while the waffle fries were more memorable. The sharing tasting for 2 was soooo good! I loved the banana split waffle & the fondue! I think next time I come here I will skip the food and go straight for the dessert.
4.3 stars! . This Place is a MUST if your in caesars. I was bouncing back and forth between a few places and landed on this one based on the chocolate  smell that wafts through forum shops alone. I had a Brenner burger (I added avocado and bacon) it was ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL-the meat was juicy-there was a crispy onion ring on top (surprise!)  melted cheddar- wow. Thewaffle fries and spicy mayo double WOW! Grand Finale! Hug mug with Vanilla cream and  melted chocolate! What a party in my mouth, I was so happy; my inner child was SCREAMING with joy!!!
Stopped by here walking around the forum shops.  We were drawn in by the display outside with various chocolate drinks and the chocolate served in a jello shot syringe...but decided we weren't impressed with the offerings in the front facing little shop and kept walking around the corner when we saw the side entrance...and A WALL OF CHOCOLATE TRUFFLES.  Hello my loves, why hide back there?. . We walked in and were immediately handed a sample of AMAZING chocolate dipped praline pecans dusted in cocoa powder. To. Die. For. The same employee showed us around and explained the different chocolates and truffles and helped us select 9 pieces for a box which is $13.  They wrap it up with a cute bow and you're on your way!. . I'll definitely be going back here now to try the restaurant next!
OK, So I'm sitting at work last Friday afternoon when my friends decide to do a spontaneous one day Vegas trip. We rush home, pack, pick up 3 bottles of Goose and some chasers, and we hit the road. We get to Vegas party it up, and get up early morning to get brunch at Max Brenner before he head back to LA.. . We were all very excited to to try it out. We had all heard good things about the food. . . I ordered the Kobe Burger and Fruit Smoothie. Both were good. Unfortunately I was still a little hung over from the night before to completely enjoy my food. I also tried a small piece of the Chocolate Pizza, and it was delicious!. . I definitely enjoyed my experience at Max Brenner despite the fact that I wasn't completely 100%. I can't wait to try it again....this time sober! ;)
Save room for dessert.  I mean it.  Or hell, just go for the dessert.  Or, you can go to Max Brenner for dinner and return later for dessert, which is exactly what we did.  . . We started off the evening with the white corn croquettes, black and tan onion rings, and the grilled asparagus crepe.  The croquettes were crispy on the outside and nice and creamy on the inside.  It was a wonderful contrast.  The onion rings were tasty, but not really anything special.  On paper, they sounded interesting and unique (black and tan beer battered vidalia onion rings with a chocolate ranch dressing), but in the end, they were just onion rings, albeit pretty good ones.  The crepe was rich and cheesy, and big enough to share.. . We didn't save room for dessert, but not to worry, because we'd already planned to return for it later.  The dessert menu looked fabulous, but since we were Max Brenner virgins, we decided to go with the Tasting for Two.  It came with the banana split waffle, fondue, chocolate sponge cake, milk and white chocolate bark, a crispy chocolate eggroll, chocolate wafers, and chocolate sauce.  It was decadent and delicious, and we thoroughly enjoyed it.
I love chocolate, so I foung my pot of gold at Max Brenner. I have been here several times and must say I have never been disappointed. The monte crisco, onion rings, sliders, waffles, are to die for. the drinks are amazing! I can't wait till my next visit!
On my last day in Vegas , I was just wandering through the Forum Shops at Caesars and when I saw Max Brenner's I realized I had not tried anything there all week. What was I thinking? This was on my To Do List before arrival and I almost deprived myself of chocolate heaven! So, I went and ordered myself a slice of chocolate pizza and I was not disappointed one bit. The chocolate was just the perfect balance of sweetness vs bitterness. The crust was just thin enough, yet still chewy enough as well. . The slice could maybe have been a bit bigger. But for $7 and an energy boost which I needed to keep me awake for my 11:30pm flight I won't be greedy. I know I won't wait until my last day in Vegas to eat there next time in their sit-down restaurant to try something from their menu and save room for more Chocolate Pizza for dessert. . I would have given it 5 stars but there was no one at the take-out counter to take my order and a small crowd grew before someone finally showed up to serve us.
Thank you Max Brenner for putting me in my place. After all the smack talking I do about chain restaurants, it is nice to find one that snaps back. . . I took my sister here for restaurant week and we had a stellar lunch. I am still reeling from what a great deal we received. For $20.11 we got a three course meal with options. We ended up getting two meals and splitting everything. The first course was a Mediterranean dip and pita. You get a choice of Babaganoush, Hummus, or Roasted Eggplant. I ordered the last of the three options and it came with eight pieces of pita and some roasted bell pepper. It was thoroughly enjoyable. My sister got the Caesar Salad and it had massive chunks of avocado in it. The dressing could have used some anchovies or more citrus, but eating the salad without any dressing was just as good.. . Second course was the entree. I ordered the BBQ burger with onion rings, tomato, and lettuce. My sister got the Most Awesome Tuna Salad Sandwich (their name) and it lived up to it's name. The crumbled BBQ potato chips mixed in does give it a unique flavor and texture. Sometimes you just have to ask if they were high when they came up with this stuff. Both came with a small serving of waffle cut fries. The serving was beyond generous. . . Now for the best part of the meal. Desserts are were Max Brenner truly shine. The Banana Tempura Fondue was fried to golden perfection. It kept its texture well, but even after drowning it in caramel and milk chocolate. The Chocolate Pizza with Hazelnuts and Bananas was too much. In the end, we packed a few boxes and called it a day.. . If given the option, sit outside in the courtyard, because it is a great place to people watch.
After the Yelp Chocoholiday, I have been itching to try this place again. I finally made the trek over during Restaurant Week for lunch.. . I came here with my coworker and fellow Yelper Stacy A. We made reservations just in case and although it wasn't busy when we arrived it was packed soon after. . . I had the Chicken, Bacon and Cheddar Rolls, the Spicy Tuna Sandwich and the Chocolate Pizza with toffee, banana and chocolate to end. Stacy A had had the Mediterranean Trio, Burger and Chocolate Pizza with toffee, peanut butter and chocolate. Our starters and the desserts were the standouts here. Not surprising for a place that specializes in chocolate, the desserts were amazing and I look forward to coming back to try more of them soon! I only wish the crush of the pizza was a little more cooked. It was a little on the doughy side, which I'm not partial to. The appetizers were delicious. The Mediterranean dish was probably my favorite. It was a pretty good size and the flavors were great. My appetizer was delicious as well. Not really what I was expecting, but I guess I don't really know what I was expecting. Crazy good though, despite it's tiny portion. My sandwich was very basic. Again, not exactly what I was expecting but still tasty. I wish I had ordered the burger instead as that looked very appetizing. It was a huge tower of a burger with onion rings and their special BBQ on top. Both our meals came with their special crisscut fries which were spicy and delicious!!!. . Overall, great experience and I'm glad I finally got to check it out for a meal instead of just an event. Service was a little wonky, but I think it was just our server who seemed a little nervous and unsure of herself, still very friendly and helpful. Definitely a great place for a small snack, dessert or meal. They also have happy hour, which I'm intrigued by. Prices aren't too bad either for a casino dining.
Yum! We were strolling around fairly hungry and couldn't find much that appealed to our tastes at the moment. Out popped this place and it looked reasonable... we took our seats at the bar (which is pretty tiny) and ordered a couple drinks and a couple appetizers from the happy hour menu.. . The drinks were super sweet... we had one that tasted like a snickers bar and another that tasted like raspberry cream, both delicious but both extremely sweet. Presentation was neat, too.. . We had the Brenner burgers and the buffalo chicken sliders, both tasty and arriving with a couple awesome waffle fries. Also got the potato skins which were pretty decent.. . Overall, a tasty place and a cool atmosphere. Wouldn't sit at the bar next time unless feeling cheap because it was not all that comfortable. The bartender was nice, though.
This will be my review of my Restaurant Week 2011 experience with Max Brenner.. . I made my reservation for a lunch at MB with my mother. I truly wanted to take her out for Restaurant Week and seeing that MB had a yummy sounding cheeseburger I knew it would be right up my mother's alley. . . We arrived about 10 minutes before our reservation and we were seated promptly at a very, very small table for two. Thetable was just... small. I don't know what to make of it. That's the main reason I'm not giving a 5-star rating. Especially considering the large plating options they use here I just wonder who thought such a small table was appropriate for dining? Drinking lattes, sure, but for full-blown meals? No way!. . Our server seemed delighted that we would be taking part in their RW menu, she asked if we wanted wine, but my mother and I both declined and got Ice Teas instead. Once we took a look at the menu, it was obvious we would each order something different and share. So, with that being said, the following is what my mother and I ate:. . Crispy Spice Dusted Pita Chips with Creamy Hummus. Chicken, Bacon & Cheddar Rolls. The Brenner Burger: Max's secret barbeque sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar & vidalia onion ring on top, came with waffle fries, dipping sauce, and pickles. The Unforgettable Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich: tomato, lettuce, pickled jalapenos, crushed bbq chips brushed with cilantro & avocado mayo also came with waffle fries, dipping sauce, and pickles. Chocolate Chunks Pizza (1/2 serving) with hazelnuts and roasted marshmallows. /Banana Tempura Fondue: warm & crispy banana bites, pure milk chocolate dip, toffee sauce . . The hummus and roasted peppers that came with the pita chips were very good and the peppers were an excellent addition. The burger was delicious. I can't compliment the chefs here enough on how well they cooked the burger to my mother's specifications, medium well. The spicy tuna salad sandwich I think I could eat everyday and it has practically changed my mind about tuna sandwiches all together. If every restaurant could make tuna like that, I would eat it every time I go out.. . I felt as though the pizza was not as good as it is hyped up to be. The dough/bread was the downfall for me. Yes, it is clever and cute, but when it comes to taste - meh. I personally think everyone should go with the fondue! Because the banana tempura was out of this world! . . I will definitely be going back to Max Brenner to eat off their regular menu now. Plus I want to have a milkshake and other desserts! Overall this was a great experience.
Dessert Review. The huge warm chocolate chip and walnut cookie was calling to me. I could smell it from far away and the best $5 I spent that day. Crunchy on the edges and soft/warm/chewy on the outside.
YUMMMMMMY!. . Went here for LUNCH for Restaurant Week.... . . Made reservations and was promptly seated.  The table was a bit on the small side but I think maybe this adds to the ambiance... upscale, coffee/hot chocolate shop.... that just happens to serve full meals.. . Service: excellent. The gal was really nice and fun to talk to ... there were also several other people serving us too so it was "full service".. . Food: excellent. . What we ordered:. . APPS. -  Pita with eggplant dip and roasted red pepper.... the eggplant dip had a sweetness to it that we were not expecting ... really complemented the warm savory perfectly seasoned pita slices.  The BEST pita slices ever!. -  Bacon, Chicken, Cheese rolls... these are not "rolls" in the bread sense... these are savory, meaty, yumminess.... bacon rolled around chicken in a light cheese sauce. -  SW Caesar salad.... lots of ripe chunks of avocados!  a little too much dressing though... but the avocados. . MAIN. - Brenner Burger.... JUICY AWESOME-NESS! It's served Medium... and it comes out perfect!  The bun is fantastic too.... not too bready and not hard or dense... soft and fluffy. I took home 1/2 home so I could enjoy it again tomorrow.. -  Spicy Tuna sandwich... this is NOTyour typical tuna sandwich... this is meaty and has a nice flavor with a bit of heat... the pickled jalapenos in the sandwich are oddly good. . . DESSERT:. -  the chocolate pizza with hazelnuts and peanut butter.... the pizza crust is a bit on the 'heavy' / 'thick' bread-y side.... I would prefer this to be a bit thinner.... other than that... this is a sweet, chocolate-y dessert... it is a decadent dessert.... that would go really well with coffee or a glass of milk. -  tempura banana fondue.... i like bananas and this was perfect... not greasy, not heavy... light and sweet but not overly sugary... and a really nice way to end a really great lunch. . BEVERAGES:. They have some fantastic adult libations on the menu... however because it was lunch time... we stuck to Peach iced tea which is really refreshing.... and I don't like Peach.  . The only drawback is that the Peach iced tea does NOT come with refills.  But the regular iced tea does... so I got the Peach iced tea to start and then had it refilled with regular.. . Menu: excellent. The RW menu was a good indicator of what this place offers.. Now, I want to go back and try more.. . The Store:. Lots of great gift ideas and Lots of yummy chocolate options... all different kinds of chocolate...dark, milk, white... with all kinds of different add-ins... plus milkshake and hot chocolate mixes.  . If you have a choco-holic that you need to find a gift for... this place has a plethora of unique and fabulous options.
I am impressed, Max Brenner. You put my hipster, obscure tendencies to shame. With Restaurant Week drawing to an end, my brother and I decided to participate at least once before he left the city. When he suggested Max Brenner, all I remember thinking was "Really? How mainstream, David." Well, I was wrong.. . For $20.11 (clever, by the way.), lunch was coma-inducing. I ordered the Southwest Caesar salad, the Most Orgasmic Tuna Sandwich Ever (not really named that, but should have been), and a Chocolate Pizza for dessert. For only a pretty Jackson, that was so much food. Jesus! My Caesar salad was basic - romaine, avocado, tomato, a Parmesan crisp and a chipotle dressing. It was quite a portion, enough to fill me up for the rest of the meal. Nothing too spectacular other than the fact that every bite was avocado-laden, rendering the dressing unnecessary.. . The Tuna sandwich was seriously some good eats. Real tuna, lettuce, onion, and barbeque chips?!?! I must agree with my brother - whoever made that was probably high. But I loved every bite of it.. . Lastly, I ordered the Chocolate Pizza with hazelnut bits and banana. It was good, but after watching the show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Pizza", it definitely didn't live up to the hype I expected.  . . Thank goodness for Restaurant Week. It definitely broke my hipster notions of mainstream chain restaurants. It also definitely broke my caloric intake for the week.
HELLOOOO CHOCOLATE MAN!  ;). . Came here to for the typical late Vegas lunch.  Really convenient since we were shopping in the Forum Shops that afternoon.  Since we were at a place dedicated to chocolate, we had to order one of their specialty drinks!  So we got the Italian thick hot (dark) chocolate.  I've never had a richer smoother creamier hot chocolate...it was like a quality dark chocolate bar in liquid form.  Amazing and very addicting!  It comes in this innovative mug that has a tear-shaped opening so that there is a tip/spout that you drink from -- I assume it prevents a mess from being created?  . . And their food was also really good! We shared the pita chips (warm toasted/crispy outside, soft chewy inside = DELICIOUS!) with the eggplant dip, chicken tenders, spicy tuna salad sandwich, and the banana tempura fondue.  Watch out for the banana tempura...it's not really made with tempura batter (it's more fine and grainy, but still crispy) and the banana lump inside is very soft and creamy, and not the usual firmer banana texture you might expect. Everything was still very much beyond what we expected and their portions were generous (kinda spoiled our dinner later! haha).  We were thoroughly impressed.  And to top things off, we didn't know it was restaurant week in Las Vegas, so the pita chips, sandwich, and banana tempura were together only $20.11.  What a steal!. . The service could have been more pleasant and personable, but maybe it was just an off-day.  We will likely return to try more of their menu items...and more chocolate stuff of course!  Oh there's even a small shop in the restaurant that sells their chocolate treats =)
I Love their Cookie Shake! Everytime I visit Caesars Palace I have to get a Cookie Shake.. its delicious!. Now I don't really think the food at Max Brenner is all that great but it is cute to get a dessert with a group of friends and just do something different with chocolate.
Dear Mr. Chocolate,. . Why are you so delicious? I could eat you up any time of day :) Your white chocolate hot chocolate in the hug mug warms my hands and warms my heart. And the chocolate pizza with the works fulfills my sweet tooth cravings. You are super addicting and I'm sad that you are 4 hours away from me but I shall be back!
This is like a contemporary Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory place! . . The decor is simply with all shades of browns and neutrals. Entree menu and sweets menu is seperate. The presentation each dish is well thought out and unique.. . We eat with our eyes, and my eyes were definitely enjoying it.. . my lunch entree was a Deep Bleu Cobb Salad since I wanted something light and refreshing. . I'm being serious when I say this is the most delicious cobb salad I have ever ate. They mix all the ingredients for me instead of separating each into sections so I get a consistent flavor.. . There was a very generous amount of avocado and chicken, I couldn't even finish the plate. . . The chocolate here melts in your mouth, definitely worth trying even if you don't have a sweet tooth like me.
I forgot what I ordered but anything chocolate is good here.  Just remember to eat dessert before the main meal.
If you like chocolate then this is a place to go to. I was a bit skeptical about their onion rings with chocolate ranch, but it was actually very good.. and the crepes are very very good.. especially the hazelnut crepe. its a fun place to go if you are a chocolate lover..
I wish I could have tried the restaurant but by the time we got to this place I was a lot broke so we stuck to the fast stuff. Wasn't exactly thrilled with the kind of snotty attitude of the guy working but maybe he was having a bad day. But come on with my love of chocolate how could I not love the place?. . The cookies are amazing. Fresh, warm and gooey right out of the oven. Chocolate everywhere.. . Chocolate pizza. Delicious. I was skeptical at first but never again. . . The chocolate souvenir shop was fantastic too. I wound up splurging on a hug mug but there were so many other things I could have gone for. Loved the whole thing. Will definitely try this restaurant first next time and then gamble.
Just a quick update. I went to Max Brenner today for a little snack, and the server had told me they were changing the menu out completely! So, starting Friday, October 28th, the menus will be condensed! You will only be allowed to order the sliders at the bar, not at the tables anymore! Many of your favorites no longer may stay on the menu, so hurry and get your fix on before it's too late and gone!
Went last week with a friend to have a food tour of Vegas. We actually ate here 3 times. My friend had been before and had the chocolate spring rolls and was anxious to have them again. I went with my mouth set on the Monte Cristo Sliders I'd seen on their menu and some hot chocolate. We were so disappointed when we got there to find that the spring rolls and Monte Cristo sliders had both been taken off the menu. We got a roasted tomato pizza to share and I got the thick Italian hot chocolate, which was very good. Then we split the Banana split pearl sugar waffle and the churros with chocolate dipping sauce. The churros were way too hard to eat, not soft at all. But, we did enjoy pouring the chocolate and toffee dipping sauces onto our banana split waffle! It took the dessert to a whole other level. We went back again for waffle fries and spicy Mexican hot chocolate. Fries were good, the hot chocolate was too runny. Then a third time we dragged our husbands along and got fondue sampler and some more hot chocolate. Major sugar rush, but so worth it. Highly recommend!
Actual Rating: 3.5. . Hunger struck us a little after grabbing drinks from Fat Tuesdays (which most of us weren't even able to finish). We weren't looking into getting anything too pricey and we just so happened tostumble into Max Brenner. It had a very clean and stylish atmosphere. We were seated very quickly upstairs soon after speaking to the host. However, it seemed like we were the only party up there. Hence, the bad service. . . It took a really long time for the food to come out (about 20 minutes) and I only ordered potato skins. Granted, I've learned it takes a long time to cook and we had a big group, but these guys are pros compared to my cooking am I right?. . Once we got the food, I took a nice whiff of the baked potato skins before I dug in. They smelled GREAT. I took a picture before I got to it. Then, I picked one up and started munching away. This was the first time I've had them and I was surprised that something so simple could taste so good! I told myself that once I got back home, I'd try to make some on my own. Turns out that it's a bit harder than expected. I can make bacon cheese fries but I definitely have trouble making baked potato skins.. . In terms of food quality and taste, I could give these guys a 5 out of 5. Honestly, it was their service that brought the mood down. We were all extremely hungry and the fact that it took 15 minutes for them to come back up and take our orders then another 20 to push out that order was a little too long. I guess that's what we get for ordering real food in a chocolate specialized restaurant. We didn't have time to order dessert at the end, unfortunately. That probably would've upped the rating I'm about to give, but that's not the case. Sorry.
The food taste just as good as this place smells :)  Would have rated 5 stars, but knocked down 1 for service.  . . Everything looked so good on the menu!  Ended up ordering the Double Macchiato with skim milk because I wanted to try out the Kangaroo cup and the Guilt Free Omelet that included a sugar dusted buttermilk biscuit, home fries, and melted chocolate lick.. . So strike 1 for service- while waiting for our coffee and food our waitress spilled water on my sister when she was serving our glasses.  Good thing we were in a good mood at the time.  . . Waitress came back with our coffee, but then realized she didn't know which one was with skim milk and which one had whole milk.  2 of us in our party ordered the Double Macchiato.  She had to go back and find out which was which...strike 2.  I also wish she explained how to use the Kangaroo cup for us 1st timers.  Would have enjoyed the "chocolate lick" if I used it correctly.  Guess I should have asked.  Coffee was good though!. . Guilt Free Omelet was huge and so delicious.  I asked our waitress for some tobasco to put on the home fries.  She quickly went to the back to the kitchen to get some...so I thought.  She came out empty handed and started talking to another customer then helped another party on the way.  I had a feeling she forgot so had to waive her down.  She came over and had to ask for tobasco again.  "Oh yeah" she says...strike 3!  I'm glad the sugar dusted buttermilk biscuit was on my plate to calm me down.  Dipping it in the melted chocolate sauce was awesome!. . Can't wait to visit this place again when I'm in town!
I did a lot of research about Vegas restaurants before this trip, and this one stood out as tops on the list of must-tries.  So when we arrived in Vegas on a Saturday afternoon, this is where we headed first after checking in to our hotel.  We had no problem getting a table and our waitress was excellent.  .     We decided to share an appetizer and a sandwich.  I started with some kind of lemon martini that I don't see on their menu online.  It was GREAT.  We decided to share an appetizer and a sandwich.  We went with:. . Molly's White Corn Croquettes . house seasoned white corn & manchego cheese balls . dusted in panko bread crumbs & lightly fried. . We LOVED these...delicious!  Perfectly fried...an excellent combination of sweet from the corn and slightly spicy.  Fortunately our shared sandwich arrived to keep us from fighting over these.. . Sliced & Diced Steak "Pillow" Panini .  certified angus beef . char gilled & thin sliced skirt steak tossed with . diced caramelized onions on a bed of asiago cheese crisps. . baby spinach, roasted tomatoes, red pepper aioli. . I'm not a steak sandwich type of gal but this was really really good, and to share it was perfect.. . We then had room for dessert.  Based on the waitress' suggestion we went with Deep Chocolate Cake and Shake.  It was a rich chocolate cake with a nice vanilla ice cream and a teeny shake.  Very good, but honestly I was too full to really appreciate it.  . .   Would not hesitate to go back and try other menu items!
Lactose intolerance?  Take a pill.  The mac and cheese here is the best I have had to date.. Service was friendly and fast.. Although located on the strip and in the Forum (walk as if you are going to H&M), drive the back entrance and suck it up.  Worth it!. Plenty of seating.  Reasonable prices.
Grrrrrr, they made the portion sizes for happy hour smaller. . STILL a fan tho! U really really cannot go wrong with $6 drinks/food on the strip!. Their sliders get me everytime. So delish and enough to snack on after shopping til I drrrrropppppp!. . They did have a few new items on the menu, like chicken finger and beer battered onion rings with CHOCOLATE RANCH dipping sauce. Weird, right?! I had to try it. And it wasn't bad but, it wasn't great either.. . I always like to sit at the bar. Service is usually faster and sometimes, if you're lucky, the bartender will make extra chocolate something for another table/customer and give you the extras =)
I stopped in this gem for an early Sunday dinner. The food was pretty good, I had their Brenner Burger which was stacked with lots of goodies including onion rings. A highlight of their burger is actually the side dish of waffle cut fries sprinkled with cocoa and chili powder. YUM! Of course I saved room for dessert as this is what Max Brenner is really known for, their delicious chocolate! . . I inhaled the banana split waffle. It was divine! Waffle, banana, vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, what more could you want?! This dish easily could  be shared for two. . . The one thing I was sorely disappointed with was their wait staff. My waiter would come and ask me if I needed something- a refill on my drink, dessert, a box, the bill,... then he would either get backed up or forget about me. His saving grace was the manager on shift. She was very attentive and made sure that all my needs were taken care of, I appreciated that though would have liked some consistency with my waiter. I really wanted to leave the tip for the wonderful woman helping me rather than the waiter who took my order. . . I very rarely eat much in Vegas, I am glad I tried this place and would recommend this place for their dessert, though their food is good, dessert is truly their specialty.
Chocolate!!!!. . Had the turkey club here.  Delicious but for $15 that's crazy!. The Spicy Chicken and 4 cheese pizza was more like a flat bread and the chicken was not spicy at all.  The goat cheese was in huge clumps and wasn't even out so one bite is full of cheddar and mozzarella and then WHAM!! Goat cheese in my mouth and nothing else! Not very pleasant.. . Dessert: the make your own chocolate pop is delicious but that tiny thing for $8? Crap.... The Banana Split Waffle was amazing! Although the waffle was more dense instead of fluffy and crunchy how I like it, it was top notch. The one thing about these dishes that put it over the top? The chocolate sauce! My god that this is euphoric like I haven't had chocolate in years kind.. . Overall: I was unfortunate to not have any shakes or drinks here but at least I had dessert here and that's the only reason you should come here.  The savory food fails in comparison to the dessert.
I have been wanting to try this place for a long time now. They have one in NY, but I wasn't able to visit the place so Vegas was my chance. I was a little disappointed because the atmosphere wasn't what I expected, but the food was still good and I love their milkshake! Definitely, would go back for the milkshake if I have the chance and get their hug mug because it's soooo cute! LOL. . FYI, it's inside the Ceasar's Forums Shop and kind of hidden from view, but it's across from H&M.
My favorite breakfast spot n Vegas. Located across from one of the biggest . H & M .... You have to try the breakfast skillet which consist of potatoes, sausages bell peppers and onions.Most of their breakfast selections come with chocolate and white chocolate which is delicious..... I go to this restaurant every time I'm in Vegas now because everything on the Menu so far has been so delicious.... From the steak sandwiches with their waffle fries to the breakfast burritos i absolutely recommend this place for breakfast and lunch.... Their are better dinner places in vegas but if your looking for an inexpensive meal this is it!!!
How have I never visited this chocolate factory heaven until now?  I want to kick myself for all of the years I wasted shopping at Caesar's Palace and missing the opportunity to eat, indulge, and drink at Max Brenner's.  My husband and I needed to rest our feet and take a snack break when the word's "A Chocolate Love Story" caught my eye at the storefront.  When we sat down and browsed the decadent sweets menu, I felt like I struck "the golden ticket" of dessert shops and cafes.  From hot chocolates to ice cream to cakes, I wanted to try everything.  However, we restrained our sugar cravings (and wallet... as its not the cheapest cocoa on the block) and shared a "Fantastic Vanilla Ice Cream Cone and Chocolate Fondue" and a warm mocha.  The "Fantastic" was essentially a little mini-bar of chocolate wafer balls, rich milk chocolate fondue, and toasted candied hazelnut bits to top the vanilla ice cream cone.  Heaven on a cone.  My mocha was also rich and delicious, and since it also comes with chocolate cream, no extra sugar was required.  The drink comes in a cute pear shaped "Hug Mug", which allows you to hug your drink close with both hands for optimal sipping.  How sweet is that?  Max Brenner, you've definitely captured my heart with your chocolate love story.
Happy Hour review: $4 imported beers, $6 appetizers. I loved the Mini Philly Cheesesteak Sliders they were absolutely delicious! The only down part was that it came in 2 instead of normally getting 3. Not a fan of their onion rings but their waffle fries were good. . . Must try their chocolate milkshake with real ganache! Amazing.
I had heard about Max Brenner as a suggestion for me to visit when I was in NYC but I figured it was only good for chocolate.  I was with a group and we were hungry and looking for place to eat. We decided to try Max B. It's now become a Vegas visit staple.. . Eating and visiting here is a treat. The ambiance is fun and the food (sweet and savory) are both delicious.  For our meal, I was able to try the Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet which is filling and comes with a delicious dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit to dip in chocolate sauce. For breakfast, this is a nice combo for me as I always enjoy having my eggs and sweets in the morning! I was also able to eat the Brenner Burger which is a good burger too. . . If you're here, make sure to order a drink with your meal! This is the whole experience and is the most fun.  I ordered the Mocha (cappuccino with hot chocolate) which came in their cute "Hug Mug."  My boyfriend ordered a chocolate milkshake that came in their tall signature "Drink Me" mug - one of the best chocolate milkshakes I've ever had! . . Lastly, visit the gift shop, it's full of fun and cute treats to look at!
I've come here a few times already for happy hour. So far I've ordered:. . -Max's White Russian. -Psychedelic Caribbean Punch. -Mocha Madness. -Guava Margarita. -Brenner Burgers. -Mediterranean Dipping Delights. & Crispy Spice Dusted Pita Chips. -Waffle Fries Dusted with Chili & Cocoa Powder. -Banana Tempura Fondue. . Everything was about $6 each, off the Happy Hour menu. The White Russian has probably been my favorite drink so far. It is served on the rocks with white chocolate in a little vile on the side to pour in and two marshmallows on top (wonderful presentation). It isn't overly sweet like the other drinks I've tasted, which is why I like it the most.  We ordered Hummus with our dipping delights and it went perfectly with the crispy pita chips. I enjoyed the Brenner burgers both times I ordered them. I really like the presentation of those as well. They look perfectly constructed, like they actually took their time to layer each ingredient on top of the other. Donald actually read about the chocolate ranch, so we ordered that on the side as well and it was very tasty! The banana tempura fondue is probably my least favorite of everything we've had here so far. It is just WAY too sweet because they are deep fried. I don't think I'll ever get those again. . . Even though I've only come here for happy hour so far, almost everything was delicious. I definitely want to come back to order off their regular menu sometime soon!
Their dessert is so good I can't get enough. They are getting 4 stars not 5 because our waiter was a little grumpy. Hopefully the next time I go we get someone else!
Expensive? Perhaps. Crowded? Immensely. Worth it? Totally. . . Where else can you get a thicker dessert menu than an entree menu?! Only here, only here.. . After a night out and a long day of sleeping in, my friends and I were at starvation central and there was no better place to get our not-quite-hungover-but-not-quite-back-to-normal butts fed. At around 2 pm on a Wednesday afternoon, this place was CROWDED. I'm not sure if you can make reservations, but I'd consider making them, esp on the more popular days (Friday-Sunday).. . Anyway, after vacillating, I finally decided on the kobe burger. A short wait later, my friends and I got our food. The mac and cheese is HUGE. I would suggest splitting. My friend's steak panini and my burger were more true-to-size. . . The burger was DELISH and would recommend to any meat lovers up in this hizzouse. The mac and cheesy was as promised: so cheesy and so crunchy. . . Of course we couldn't leave without getting dessert. We decided on half of the chocolate chunks pizza and we went big: we went with "the works." The pizza had crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter, and roasted marshmallows. The pizza was a bit heavy on the peanut butter so if you're not a peanut butter fan, I'd do the pick your own two toppings instead.. . I also got their mocha cause it comes in a hug mug and I'm nothing if not a sucker for cute packaging. Twas delish and man, I could go for another one of those babies. . . A must-do for chocoholics!!
This place has great deserts.   We ordered the banana split waffle, omg cookie: chocolate chunk milk chocolate and walnut,  and the melting Chocolate truffle heart cake &  shake.   The banana split waffle arrived and everyone at the table made an "ahhhhh" sound.  The rest of the deserts tasted good, but the banana split waffle was the best.  I would definitively come back here.
Can someone please get me a bucket of those fries???  Waffle fries are always my fav, but dusted with cocoa and chili powder?  Heaven.  Seriously.  Thanks for thinking of my figure with the five fries, but I WANT MORE.. . The Brenner Burger was delish and my husband enjoyed the onion ring that I requested on the side.  He also loved the steak Pillow Panini, which came highly recommended by the yelp crowd.  To round out the meal, we obviously had to try the chocolate pizza.  We opted for chocolate, banana, and peanut butter as our toppings.  It was really good, but dare I say I was expecting something more?  I don't know, maybe it's because it was so hyped, but I wasn't blown away by it.. . The service was fantastic and our drinks were never empty.  The woman who appeared to be the manager was walking around asking patrons how their meal was and refilling drinks, as if she was a server herself.  I always appreciate seeing something like that.
I understand this place has an average of 4+ stars and by all means this isn't a disappointing place, BUT it's nothing 5 star worthy. Am I being a little too harsh? Probably. But hear me out.. . 1. I didn't try the chocolate ... I know, I know. Horrible mistake ... but I'm not the biggest chocolate fan. . . 2. The portions are relatively small for the extremely jacked up prices. I know it's Vegas, but come on. I order a $20 meal and you give me 4 waffle fries? . . The waffle fries, by the way, ARE BOMB and sprinkled with cocoa powder!!! HOW COOL. The paninis are really really good as well.. . Look, the food here is AWESOME and it's nothing to ever really talk down about. But it's nothing that is out of this world ... that I would rate 5 stars for. Its price is a big downer for me :( . . But hey, if you're into chocolate and price isn't a factor, please try this place! It's rated high for a reason.
Really liked this place. So many lovely menu items, so little room to put them in my stomach. If you like chocolate (or even a really good omelet), check this place out. The hot chocolate comes in this little hug mug to keep your hands warm. Fun and tasty.
Their chocolate at their shop is very expensive!! . . I know this sounds strange but I absolutely love their Caesar Salad. It has a creamy Mexican infused flavor dressing and the chicken is super moist and tender. It is a very satifying portion and great as an entree. . . The Mac & cheese is pretty good too, you don't get to decide what goes in it but I would recommend they turn this place into a Mac&cheese/chocolate bar. . . The churro chocolate fondue was delicious, I literally wanted to lick all leftover dark chocolate!! . . Plenty of creative chocolate desserts for choco-lovers and it is a great place for a break after all that shopping. It's located right across from H&M.. . We arrived 30mins before their closing time and they were very patient without lack of any details. . . I will return next time!!
After getting recommendation from one of my best friend in the east coast + seeing so many cool photos of their famous "hug mug", Max Brenner was definitely on the top of my places to visit last time I was in new york city! But since there were soooo many other places to try & since I was already eating ~7 meals per day as I was, I just didn't have the time to squeeze in another dessert shop.... . So you can see how excited I was to find that there was no need to be in nyc to try  Max Brenner! Yup, it came to VEGAS!. . Unlike Serendipity3 which is located at the outside of the Caesar's towards bellagio, you can locate max brenner at the Caesar's Forum Shops. A little tip? I noticed after getting seated that 2nd floor of  max brenner is actually prettier than the 1st floor for those of you who are into ambiance. . . For the newbies like me who didn't know that they also offer food, that can be an option for hungry shoppers! As for me, after much debating, we ended up ordering one hot & one cold drinks: Italian thick hot chocolate & Pure chocolate truffle granita.. . Since you have the option to choose the type of chocolates, whether it be milk, dark or white chocolate, we ordered italian thick hot chocolate with milk chocolate & pure chocolate truffle granita with dark chocolate.. A little tip (which is more of a personal preference) is that if you like sweet but not too sweet, I definitely recommend dark chocolate base because it was just more enjoyable! . . My favorite part more than the actual drinks was the presentation. . Hot chocolate comes in their famous "hug mug" & their cold drinks comes in an alice cup that says "drink me" (isn't that so magical? i just really appreciate whimsical details like that). I mean, even the check comes in a nice chocolate tin can! It's so cute that you almost want to pay. . . .not that you have option not to, of course;;. In fact, I love the cup so much that I ended up bringing back a pair of these hug mugs & a bag of milk hot chocolate back home ;). . I don't know about you, but you just need a cup of  sweet warmth on a cold day to lift you up!
Dear fellow yelpers, . Thank you so much for recommending me to this dim-light snazzy place. The host & servers are extremely attentive and cheery. The plate settings were astonishing and the tea filter set was jaw dropping. The food was delicious. Have your food, then dessert? Yes, please.
We happened upon this place after we were wandering the Forum shops around 11a and could not find a place serving lunch, but MB was hopping so we figured we would try it!  . . I loved the dark woods and funky art.  It gave a very warm and inviting feel for brunch.  I started with the Mexican Hot Chocolate (spicy chocolate blend).  It was served in a cute "hug" cup that you could kind of put the spout on your lips and drink in the sweet and spicy goodness.  Then I moved on to the farmers skillet, which was served with a piece of bread that came with chocolate spread and butter (they love their chocolate here).  The skillet was full of spinach, potatoes, cheese, mushroom and peppers. It was delicious and very filling!  . . All in all it was a happy accident.   I would go back for the hot chocolate and maybe a stop in their chocolate shop.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!
Apparently no place in the Forum shops are open and serve lunch about 11am. Max Brenner was hopping when we came by and seemed like an easy choice to go in. I got the pizza, which was fairly cheap, and expected a small, personal size pizza. . . What came out was a fairly large pizza that I couldn't remotely finish, but that's all right. It was still good :) I got the pepperoni and the crust is very, very thin. The service was excellent and the ambiance in the place was fantastic.. . The hot chocolate was great and I think next time we come back I might have to skip the lunch and go straight to the dessert!
Pros: . Great for breakfast brunch eggs. Good selection of cocktails with chocolate!. Fantastic ambience. Must have chocolate sauce. . Neutral:. Could be expensive depending on your cocktail choice
Chocolate, cornflakes, and chilli. Surprisingly good.
I frequent this restaurant once a month or so. I love the variety of food and dessert they have! Some of my favorites are the "Molly's White Corn Croquettes", "Waffle Fries Dusted with Chili and Cocoa", their Vidalia Onion Rings with chocolate ranch sauce, and their Soba noodle salad! . . Their dessert menus is HUGE with lots of fun create your own at the table kind of things. This is an ideal place for a date, Valentines dinner, special occasion or just because. . . Happy hour lunch menu is awesome and big portions for the price!
My wife and I spent a few days in Vegas, and one of our favorite things to do is try out as many restaurants as we can while we're out there.  We had tried a few new places already on this trip, and had been left greatly disappointed, almost to the point where we were considering going to the Cheesecake Factory in the Forum Shops, even though there is a Cheesecake Factory 10 minutes from our house.  We were staying at Caesar's and wanted something close, as this was our last night in Vegas and we were pretty much "walked out."  After scouring Yelp, OpenTable, and others, we ended up at Max Brenners, intrigued by some of the ways they incorporate chocolate into their meals.. . We had made reservations for 7:30 on a Friday night, expecting the place to be mobbed.  We walked over and found it maybe half full, the entire upper level was empty.  Guess we didn't need the reservations, but it always makes me a bit nervous when a restaurant isn't busy at a peak time, but it's Vegas so peak times are going to be skewed a bit.. . We had looked over the menu a bit at our hotel room, so my wife and I both kinda knew what we wanted already, but still spent time checking out our other options.  I went with the Brenner Burger, and my wife got the mac n cheese.  We skipped appetizers as we really wanted dessert.. . The waitress was a little slow on keeping our drinks full, but she was overall nice and helpful in recommendations on the menu.. . When reading the menu I saw that the onion rings on my burger were "black and tan" onion rings.  I instantly thought beer battered onions rings, and figured they were something along those lines.  After taking a few bites of the burger though, and noticing some additional flavors I wasn't used to in a burger, I can only guess that the tan part was a regular batter for onion rings, and the black was chocolate.  The burger was very simple, but incredible.  I normally go a bit crazy on the gourmet burgers, but this one was nice and simple and very tasty.  The fries were also very good, the cocoa and chili powder complimented each other very well.. . The mac and cheese was good as well.  My wife added chicken to it, which I might have skipped, but it was still very good and flavorful.. . Then came dessert.  My wife got some crazy chocolate cake thing, and I went with a White Chocolate Cheesecake Crepe.  I've never been a huge fan of the type of cake my wife got, but it was pretty damn good.  My crepe had a bit less white chocolate and cheesecake than I expected, there was an orange flavor that kind of empowered the other flavors, but still tasty.. . Overall it was a pretty good dinner, and the price wasn't completely outrageous like you find at a lot of other restaurants in Vegas.  And afterwards we got to walk through the Forum Shops and laugh at all of the trainwrecks in Vegas on a Friday night!
Mac & Cheese for the win.  I even had leftovers for my drunken self after an epic night of clubbing.  The teapot filter, there was super cool, nothing I've ever seen.  Order tea, and you'll see what I'm talking about.  It smells delightful in there.  I left the restaurant with my hair smelling like chocolate.  Prices are reasonable for the strip, borderline cheap.  Our server was attentive and was pretty cute, which made dinner more enjoyable.
Holy Moly! This place was awesome. We were trying to find a breakfast buffet or brunch place on our last day in Vegas and we ended up here with a recommendation from the information desk at Caesar's. We had just beat the crowd and got seated right away. My fiance and I realized that it was a chocolate shop. How awesome! I'm definitely a chocohaulic. It was cute and cozy with a "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" feel.   . . I ordered the Apple, Cinnamon and walnut (?) French Toast and Apple Chicken Sausage. One bite it was an explosion of awesomeness. It melted in my mouth. It reminded me more of bread pudding. My fiance ordered Chocolate Banana Cheesecake Crepe (I think it was banana). It was pretty good, just really sweet. Thank god for the sausage to counter the sweetness. . . Overall, I really enjoyed this place. It is a little hokey, but the food is good. The service was a little slow. I'm pretty sure I'll eat here again or try some chocolates from the website.
Oh my food coma! I was still a little full from brunch but there's always room for dessert!Max Brenner is a must try in Vegas. I ordered the banana nutella crepe but replaced the banana with strawberries. Heaven. I wish I could try everything here. Until next time!
as always found this place thru Yelp for breakfast places during my recent Vegas trip.. I'm not usually a big fan of franchise place but this place wasn't that bad.. . Their breakfast options were good...love their biscuits and the chocolate dip that came with it.. coffee was good.. service was great.. . too bad we couldn't try all their chocolate items in their menu...maybe next time
"Chocolate by the Bald Man", who knew bald dudes could make such delicious desserts. The bald man is Oded Brenner and his co-founder Max Fichtman created this wonderful chain of Willy Wonka'esque chocolate factories.. . I must have pass by this place a million times in the Forum Shops but never ventured inside for a taste. We wanted a late snack after a long day of shopping ending at Caesar's, so this was the perfect time to give it a try.. . The waitress was very friendly and attentive. The service was quite exceptional, very quick and she came by just enough times to check up on us without the sense of harassing. Needless to say, I gave her a deserving big tip.. . We ordered the following:. 1. Tutti Frutti Waffles. -it was covered generously with strawberries and milk chocolate granache with vanilla crumbled ice cream. 2. Baja fish tacos. -corn tortillas stuffed with fish and mango slaw, served with rice and beans.. . I love both dishes. The fish tacos were very refreshing with the mango. I didn't really like the side of plain white rice, it could had easily been replaced by a salad or some Spanish style rice would be more appropriate.. . I'm coming back here to try the Chocolate cheesecake crepe and hot chocolates next time. One can only handle so much decadent food on a weekend trip to Vegas. This is one time I wish my stomach could hold more food.. . Kudos to the bald dude!
Been here so many times, it's hard to remember what's good to get because it's all food for my sweet tooth. I love desserts and anything sweet, but I've had everything from a pasta dish to a chocolate beer here, so you really can't go wrong with what you order. I recommed the chocolate fondu if you're on a date.
Love the food and especially the desserts! Only complaint is this place is so dang loud.  You can't have a conversation with the person next to you loud.
Yelp once again did not steer me wrong...this is the first time I remembered what makes Las Vegas so different.  I mean, other than the ocean, there is so much more here than San Diego- but I have been in a love/hate relationship with Vegas as a new local...total disregard for customer service (one server told us people drink away their check-eek).  But today, walking through Caesar's Palace, I remember the energy of this town and how cool it is to be able to enjoy it as someone not needing to gamble or buy into the tourism aspect.  This place is right off the escalator and close to Puck's restaurant (can't wait). I had a biscuit to start served with chocolate- YUM, the BEST biscuit I have ever had (that's three of the stars, and the other is for the server).  Chinese salad was interesting, but has some strange ingredient I can't quite name, but still good- would be better with avocado.  The desserts look awesome, but at 12-15 bucks way too much for my blood after a 15 buck meal.  I will definitely be back for the waffles I saw floating around covered in whipped cream and chocolate....OH and Happy hour is 3-6 (everything is half off if you sit at the bar.  The kids have brushes for the ketchup and the chicken, and syringes to eat the chocolate that comes with their meal.  Will be back to have the kids try that during Happy Hour (they have to sit at a table not the bar)!
*Max Brenner's Happy Hours: Mon-Fri, 3pm-6pm and 9pm-Close*. . I'm pretty sure everyone has an occasional sugar craving once in a while.  I get so frustrated when I'm all out of my white chocolate macadamia nut or hot fudge energy bar in the morning.  If I get my sugar rush innocently, I always think about Max Brenner's icy cold chocolate milk shake, yum!!  Once I read an article that a recent research suggests people in general who prefer sweets are more likely to be compassionate, nice & friendly, and yes.., SWEETER :P. . One night, I went there for the HH.  I sit at the bar and ordered a martini called, 'Intoxi-Cake'  Basically, the main ingredients are the cake flavored vodka, frangelico, and your choice of chocolate.  I had mine with a white chocolate and it was amazing!. If you have a sweet tooth, you will enjoy this cocktail.  Otherwise, some people might not liking it too much for their taste.. All cocktails listed are $6 including a Mojito, Margarita, and Wine.  The Beers are $4( these drinks price are only during Happy Hours). I also ordered a 'Banana Tempura Fondue $6' as a small appetizer.  It came with a couple of slice of fresh strawberries, milk chocolate dip, and toffee sauce.  I ended up bringing it home because the portion was more than enough to share for two.  But, I had to get one more of 'Intoxi-Cake' for the night :)  . If you love Lindt's white chocolate bar and a cocktail with a taste of dessert, you should definitely go for Happy Hour & enjoy all sorts of chocolate cocktails.  Oh, and I was very pleased with the service at the bar.  All I can say is that this place is a heaven for chocolate lovers, mmmmm.
This is a great place located in the Forum of Caesar's Palace.  I had the Grilled chicken panini with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder.  The panini was just OK, but the fries were one of the best I've had.  The chili mayo dip for the fries were the perfect accompaniment.  The hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake was really delicious as well, and I love the cool ceramic cup and metal straw it was served in!  Will definitely be back to try the different desserts!
I'm an idiot for not saving room for dessert. . . But not to worry, I got my chocolate in with the Double Mocha. Mmmm and being the caffeine addict that I am, I also tried the plain coffee and it was absolutely delicious.. . I loved how my Southwestern salad had ample chunks of perfectly creamy avocados AND chicken. The quality of food is top-notch but I wish it wasn't so pricey.. . Fun note: the aioli and various sauces come in mini flasks that you would see in chemistry classes. One of our friends made the mistake of hitting the butt of her erlenmeyer flask with her knife, shattering glass everywhere. Including in her delicious looking fish tacos.
Yum. I ordered their thick hot chocolate. So good. Definitely thick n rich. N the cup it came in was cute. . also shared the mac n cheese w my friend. Inequality of the best I've had. Not sure what it was, maybe the bacon? But it sure was good. Would definitely come back to try other items.
An underrated, delicious fun dining experience in the Forum Shops @ Caesars Palace. Great for a date or groups of any size. Great private dining areas overlooking the Forum. One of the most extensive dessert menus in the city. Service can be spotty at times, but when they're on point, they can ease you in navigating the menus.
A chocolate and walnut cookie that may give you an inferiority complex.. . Lucky for you, all it wants from you is for you to love it. It won't give up on you.  So stop being a little bitch, and love the shit out of it.   In return, it'll console you after you just dropped $250 on a pair of sneakers.. . Soft, warm, gooey, and chalk full of nuts.  Like that mistake after 5 too many Ketel One Tonics.. . Mighty-damn-fucking fine cookie indeed. $5 for the cookie plus a tip for the firme hyna euro-girl working the stand.
Looking for someplace to have a reasonably priced late breakfast, we settled on Max Brenner's.  Deciding upon the Belgian waffle.  This was more of a dessert than a breakfast, but it was still plenty tasty.. . Inside, the place is something like if Willie Wonka had become a hipster.  There are pipes running throughout to make it seem like there is chocolate running through the ceiling.  Downstairs there's a tiny shop to buy massive blocks of chocolate or little souvenirs.. . Service is friendly and we were well taken care of during our visit.  I can't think of anything to make Max Brenner stand out as amazing, but the place is creative and everything is done very well.
A true Chocolate Bar. I have certainly heard of it from NYC so I was glad I got to try it here in Vegas without the wait. The service was practically non existent and it was 10:30 pm on a Tuesday a bit of a disappointment.We had the ice cream popsicles and they were fabulous! We ordered them with dark chocolate and hazelnut crunchies. Loved the way the chocolate hardened on the ice cream like "magic shell". We would return for the chocolate alone. So many cool selections.
I am a huge chocolate fan and when I tried this place a year ago the fondue was awesome and the cookies are to die for.  This time I had crepes full of bananas and chocolate gonache with hazelnut ice cream.  Wow chocolate orgasm here people!!  If you are a chocolate lover like me, this place is a must for dessert.  In fact, we had dessert before dinner.  :)
Definitely delicious but I have to say all their drinks are for people with a HUGE sweet tooth.  I couldn't even finish my white hot chocolate.  Definitely tasted like straight melted chocolate but it was soo good!!!. . Ordered a bunch of food here and got full off of that so we had to cancel our dessert.  Definitely missed out cause it seems like this place is meant for sweets all the way.. . Got the turkey sandwich- good but not anything out of the ordinary. Salmon- interesting take on salmon - i loved the wasabi mayo. . probably come back to try desserts =)
More than just a chocolatier!. . Though widely known for their hand painted truffles, packed in decorative boxes and tins, and decadent hot chocolate, I discovered that Max Brenner dabbles into the savory side of life as well.  . . It was after a few hours of exhausting shoe shopping in The Forum, that I needed to rest my feet, and found myself conveniently located right in front of the Max Brenner menu display. Though I could always go for a serving of their thick hot chocolate, it was the mushroom and ricotta pizza, which drew me in to have a seat.  Being alone, I opted for a comfy bar seat, which was a great idea, because the bartender was there to take care of me immediately, and check on my regularly throughout my time there.  I loved the flat rate pricing on the drink menu, $6 for cocktails and wine, and $4 for beers, regardless of brand.  That mushroom and ricotta pizza, along with a glass of sparkling wine, were my choices for the evening.  The pizza was a perfect-for-one-person sized flat bread, with mozzarella, chunks of ricotta, black olives, and sun dried tomatoes, with a drizzling of balsamic vinegar.  The smooth ricotta, combined with the chunky bite of the mushrooms, and the crispness the crust, offered a great combination of textures.  The sun dried tomatoes provided the perfect amount of saltiness.  Though this was the only food item that I ordered, I eye witnessed other bar-seated patrons ordering other things, and making positive comments about what they were indulging in.  Because of my surrounding observations, I may just have to come back and try a few more things.
Yummy food, yummy dessert and great service!
Wow.  I'm not really sure what else to say about this place.  When you walk in, you're greeted by the intoxicating smell of chocolate...what more could you ask for?. . We ate here for breakfast one morning and we were pleasantly surprised.  While I'd heard great things about their chocolate, I wasn't so sure how the rest of the menu would stack up.  We both had omelettes - they were large and delicious and the seasoned potatoes were quite good as well.  What was fantastic was that you also get this outstandingly delicious buttermilk biscuit glazed with sugar, and sides of butter and melted chocolate.  Let me just tell you that eating that biscuit dipped in the butter and chocolate made my whole life worthwhile.  Believe me when I say it's definitely worth the trip.
If you love Chocolate you are going to love this place. They incorporate chocolate into just about every dish on the menu and everything is fantastic. My Fiancee loves the waffle cut french fries... I loved the fact that the portions were big enough for the two of us to share and not feel hungry after we leave.(she always wants to share my meal) I also loved that it was very, very affordable for a place on the strip. We always try to stop here for something (lunch, dinner or a treat) when we are at the Forum Shops... I would suggest giving it a try!
I visited the Max Brenner in New York and enjoyed all the chocolate filled items in the sampler plate. For my visit in Vegas, I only had time to grab a slice of pizza at their counter in the Forums.. . The pizza was a sure thing, I loved the dough, and the chocolate was nice and warm. The chocolate got all over my hands as I was walking through the Forums, and people not familiar with Max Brenner was giving me weird looks.. . I also bought a chocolate syringe to bring back on my flight home. I was able to take it on the plane without a problem.
The venue is way smaller than the one in New York. But you still have a lot options to choose from, and people are friendly there.
If you like chocolate this is the place!  . I had a delicious chocolate smoothie (theres a proper name for it, but I can't remember it right now) and the banana waffle. . . The service was great.
Max Brenner is great lunch spot for those close to Caesars.  Their sandwiches, paninis, and salads were very very good.  Chocolate is quality.  I ordered the legendary Walnut choc chip cookie to go.  Server told me get in in Kiosk outside, its half the price.  Great kid. I respect the decency.  cookie is great.  Better be for $5
Had chocolate vodka and philly sliders! My friend had hot chocolate and spicy chicken sliders and the only thing that was subpar was hot chocolate. . . It is not one of the cheaper places but happy hour will make your visit worthwhile. Make sure to sit at the bar area for happy hour!. . I would have to try their other chocolate stuff to give them a fair verdict. For now, max Brenner gets 4 stars.
As the mega structuresthat are the resort casinos in Vegas continue to expand, the locals in Las Vegas continue to be the real winners.  The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace is medium sized mall filled to the brim with the latest fashions and also is home to several restaurants.. . One such restaurant, is Max Brenner's Chocolate by the Bald Man.  This place came highly recommended and so we were excited to give it a try.  As a certifiable chocoholic, I was surprised at myself that I actually almost walked right passed this place.  I suppose my eye was drawn across the hall to the massive, three-story H&M clothing store.  However, my nose did not fail me and my eye quickly followed me back to the sight of Max Brenner's.  The place looks like Willy Wonka and Wolfgang Puck had a brain child.  There is a childlike playfulness to much of the decor but with a crisp and refined edge.  . . One glance at the menu and we knew this was going to be a special meal.  Surprisingly, there was a lot of care and detail put into the flavor and presentation of the savory dishes.  I honestly expected these to be a loss, so this was a plus.  The winner and the reason I will return is the dessert.. . There are page after page of delectable options.  We settled on the *Sharing fondue and the Crystal Sugar Churros fondue.  Both sets came to the table stylishly displayed, but not at the cost of real chocolate experience.  There were fruits, cakes, churros, other chocolates, and even pieces of waffle to dip into several different flavors of warm molten chocolate placed on the table by the waitstaff.. . Service here is excellent.  Most places in Las Vegas are missing this component.  Max Brenner must either pay well, or be a truly enjoyable place to work.  It s a remarkably enjoyable place to sit and enjoy an amazing dessert and people watch.  As you leave Caesar's casino head into the Forum Shops and veer left, trust me your nose will guide you the rest of the way to chocolate bliss.
I'm not a chocolate fanatic, but I loved Max Brenner! You really can't go wrong with this place. The location--Caesar's Palace The Forum--is great. Our server (Desiree, according to my receipt) was so friendly and helpful. And the food--not to mention its presentation--was amazing (for the most part).. . I came with two friends and we got two apps/sides to share:. 1. Molly's White Corn Croquettes: house seasoned white corn & manchego cheese balls dusted in panko bread crumbs & lightly fried. -- OMG I loved these! I tasted mostly cheese and only a hint of corn, but that was fine with me! We got the full order (8 croquettes) and it comes on a long glass dish that has grooves for each of them. They are nested on top of a bed of chili mayo sauce and MAN, that sauce is mmmm delicious!. 2. Waffle Fries Dusted with Chili and Cocoa Power. -- These didn't blow me away, but they also came with the mmmm delicious chili mayo sauce which complimented it perfectly. I mean, I love fries of all kinds, so I loved these waffle fries, but I feel like I love the sauce even more.... . As for entrees:. 1. Keri W. got the Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet: farm fresh eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries & mushrooms seasoned and scrambled together served with a house baguette. -- I only tried a little bit, but it was good. She really liked her dish. It came with a small side bowl of butter and one of chocolate. She's a traditionalist and loves her bread with butter, but when she tried it with the melted chocolate... she didn't go back.. 2. GH got the Chocolate Chunks Pizza (half-size): Max's double chocolate melting chunks & a choice of 2: crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows; she chose bananas and marshmallows since I'm allergic to nuts. -- Looking at the pictures, I kind of wish we had gotten "The Works", but that would have been much too much! I ate 1/2 of a slice and that was more than enough for me. It was too chocolate-y! And very sticky in the mouth. I gave GH my pecans and she said that helped, but she wondered how sticky it would be if someone ordered peanut butter! :P Anyway, it is because of this dish that GH also agrees that Max Brenner gets 4 instead of 5 stars. We both really did not like the crust. We were told it was a "thin crust" so we were thinking the nice crispy thin crust pizza-esque crusts... but this was like thick pita bread. Didn't like it. So glad I did not order this.. 3. So what did I get? The Cinnamon Apple & White Chocolate Truffle Cream French Toast: brown sugar spiced pecans, warm toffee sauce (obviously got the pecans on the side). -- I love cinnamon, apples, white chocolate, and french toast. So guess what? I LOVED this dish! It was a bit heavy, but also quite a bit heavenly ;). . GH also got the Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate (red chili, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper) and she greatly enjoyed it. And I think it's so cute that it comes in the Hug Mug! Adorbs.. . But now that I've read Misti Y.'s review, I have to come back! I want to try their BALT since I love love love avocadoes, and she also makes their lemonade granita sound amazing. And, of course, so many other items on their menu sound like must-try's as well...
Had to try this place after friends on Facebook posted pictures of chocolate martinis and fondue. If it's anything chocolate, I'll go.. . Service was slow, and we came in on a Monday afternoon when the place wasn't full. The server was nice though; we just didn't know why it took forever to get stuff going. Other than that...Expensive stuff: $100 for 2 people, with tip included. We ordered a choco frappe and hazelnut smoothie, 2 aps (spinach dip & wings), steak panini with waffle fries, and half order of the works chocolate pizza and churro fondue. Next time, skip the regular food and indulge in desserts!. . Other tips: Sliders are only from the bar, and Happy Hour is from 3-6pm. . . Conclusion: I definitely would go back again, though just for dessert.
A very cozy place that makes you feel like you're in a chocolate factory.. . Our server was pretty nice, and had a sense of humor. Also very helpful in helping us decide what to select from the menu. . The max brenner burger definitely surprised me by how tasty it was. Didn't expect sucha juicy, flavorful burger from a chocolate place.. . The waffle fries that came with them were also pretty good. . The chocolate pizza stole the show though. It was heavenly, and not super sweet, but stayed consistently smooth. All the ingredients of desserts on it married together very well.
I'm pretty hot for Max Brenner - while I'm somewhat wary of any themed restaurant concept, they more than make up for it with excellent quality chocolate used in both classic and inventive ways. We went for brunch and came back for happy hour:. . Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes w/dark chocolate truffle cream, bananas and pecans - absolutely decadent. Could barely finish two of the three pancakes, to which the waitress noted, "Good effort. No one can ever finish these." . . Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet - I just had a taste of this but it was well balanced with a lot of the "good things" you want in a skillet, a diverse array of veggies, meats, and eggs, as opposed to the standard 85% potato-filled skillets elsewhere. Came with a perfectly toasted slice of baguette. . . Classic chocolate martini vs. Intoxi-Cake martini - happy with both, but I give the edge to the latter, with its cake flavored vodka, frangelico, and choice of white/milk/dark chocolate. Just delivered a better balance of booze to sweet. Even though these drinks sound "too sweet" by nature, I'd happily take Max's purer chocolate-production methods over any other syrup-laden mixed drink concoctions out there.. . Beer-battered onion rings with dark chocolate ranch dressing - interesting, solid. . . Philly cheese steak sliders - way too much cheese to steak for me, but if you like it that way, go for it. Came with a small sample of cocoa powder-dusted waffle fries, which were awesome.. . Staff were great but it was alarmingly never really busy, so get to steppin', yelpers!
"First Food, then Chocolate!" and that is how Max Brenner in the Forum set up. You walk through the Chocolate Shop to be seated and walk through it again as you exit out.. . I ordered the Chubby Smoked Turkey Club with waffle fries. The dijon aioli was very good. The waffle fries was too greasy. But the turkey was very juicy and great.. . "Satisfaction Guaranteed" was my drink of choice. It is basically a chocolate martini. A cocktail/chocolate aphrodisiac. It came it this really cool martini glass without the leg inside a small bowl with crushed ice which kept the drink cold. And a side of caramelized toasted peanuts. . . And of course, how can you come here and not have dessert at the end. My friends and I ordered The Spectacular Melting Chocolate Smores Sundae. It was 4 of us and it was enough for each of us to have a few spoons of the sundae.. . As you exit out, you can't miss the Chocolate Shop to have more chocolate.. . I really liked the style and decor of this place. It reminded me of an old ice cream parlor with pipes hanging from the ceiling with "100% pure chocolate" written on them. Unique place.
Wow, this place is a sweet-lover's paradise.  Chocolate in every form imaginable.  It's very Wonka-like with pipes of liquid chocolate running overhead.  We've tried several items, both sweet and savory from their menu.  The prices are high at this restaurant, as one might expect, since it is owned by a celebrity chef and located in the Caesar's Forum Shops mall.  While tasty and high quality, the several savory items we've tried are not worth the high price.  We liked their mac and cheese (very cheesy with a crispy topping and yummy tomato sauce on the side).  Their chicken fingers and waffle fries were solid, but not quite as special as the mac and cheese.. . As is Mr. Brenner's specialty, the desserts are the highlight here.  Three items stand out to us.  Our very favorite item here is a cocktail - the Satisfaction Guaranteed.  There are quite a few ingredients but it just tastes like chocolate.  Though not thick and creamy, the taste is purely, deliciously chocolatey.  The butterscotch shake is also decadent and amazing.  Their Italian hot chocolate is super rich and thick.  We love all the desserts that feature dark chocolate.. . The atmosphere is very classy and make you expect great things to come out of the kitchen for you.  For the most part, they deliver.  The serving presentation is really fancy.  So many special little platters, jars, dishes, serving trays, "potion" bottles.. . We've found that many dishes are hard to picture based on the descriptions on the menu (chocolate with chocolate and a side of chocolate).  The servers are very helpful in making suggestions and describing what everything looks/tastes like.. . We much prefer this place over Sugar Factory and Jean Philppe (sp?).
Sweet Sweets and more Sweets!! Sweet tooth's all congregate here. Need to try the cookies, which I lucked out on for they didn't have any fresh baked. Still go the Sundae and it was amazing. Highly recommended place to come for that sweet-tooth.
Located right across h&m. From Ceaser's palace walk towards the forum shops and go left at the fork. . . Ordered waffle fries dusted with cocoa and chili powder and a chocolate chai to go.  I watched as the barista steeped my tea leaves and made my drink step by step from what looked like a recipe manual behind on of the cabinet doors. I ate a few fries before I trekked back into the mall and before they got soggy in the Togo box. For $7 there were about 10-12. Large waffle fries. I didn't really taste any cocoa and just the smallest hint of chili. I saw it but I just wasn't tasting it... And I'm not even a fan of spicy stuff, but these fries were lacking. The drink was worth the 5.95 strong chai richness and served hot, but not as frothy as I would have preferred.
The food here was absolutely divine, i have no complaints about the food but it's just the service that's a little off which is the reason for the four stars.. . First of all, we didn't get our water until we waited for 15 minutes and asked for it but that's no biggie. Then we were approached 3 times by different waiters to ask if the food in their hands is what we ordered which wasn't. That was annoying. We waited for around 15 minutes for the food that we actually ordered to come and i wasn't disappointed at all because the presentation was mouth watering. . . However, when we  were about to dig in we realized we didn't have any utensils and i wasn't planning to eat with my hands so we informed the hostess about it. Instead of an apology, she simply turned around and grabbed two forks for us without saying anything. But we needed knives too so when our server came, we told him we lacked utensils, he simply replied "oh okay" and turned around and got some for us. No apology.. . My boyfriend ordered an omelet with waffle fries. The waffle fries dipped in chocolate was OUT OF THIS WORLD. I've never had anything like it! Who knew fries and chocolate go so well together?. . I got a tutti fruitti waffle and it was waffles with fruits on top dusted with icing sugar, mint leaves, ice cream, a mini jar of chocolate and chocolate wafer balls. I loved my waffle so much. Everything went SOOO well together. The punch of flavour from the mint leaves is just perfect. This dessert wasn't too sweet either.
Got the Kobe brenner burger and it was amazing! The waffle fries were just right! The portions were enough to fill you up but not to the point of over doing it. Overall the atmosphere in conjunction with the food were just right! I would definitely come back again!
Review number 500...woooooo! . Notice: Review for outside "bakery stand" where you can buy certain small items. . . So. I kind of share my name with this place, so it was only natural that I stop here for a snack. That was right when it opened, and I always return for their chocolate pizza every time I'm in the Forums. . . Right across from the excessively large H&M, Max Brenner is easy to find (on your way to the moving statues if that's what tickles your fancy). I've always had very friendly and expedient service from their employees and it does lessen blow that I'm about to drop $7 on a slice of chocolate pizza. But hey...it's Vegas.. Note: If you're a family coming here, get ready to drop some money. Their items can add up to a small fortune rather quickly (the family of four in front of me dropped $70 on their "pre-meal munchies," as they described them). Uh....no comment. . . On that note, the chocolate pizza is awesome and it's worth sharing. Also, the chocolate granita is pretty much like frozen hot chocolate. Get this on a hot summer day..which is, like, EVERY day in Vegas.
Specialty chocolate review only.. . I tried and bought the pecan and pistachio w/ hazelnut cream bon bons (I don't remember the exact name and threw out the lovely paisley box - boo!).  It was so so so so good.  The box set me back $20 and had about 30 or so pieces.  Well worth it, in my opinion.  The bon bons were vaguely shaped like brains w/ cocoa powder over it.  I'd totally visit again when I'm in Vegas and will try their sit-down menu.. . Other important info:  located inside Cesar's Palace across from the H&M store, samples are given out, small retail side, chocolate is outstanding.
There is light fare here, which is good, but you really come for the deserts and CHOCOLATE which is the main attraction here.  Service is excellent and decor delightful, all chocolate themed.  So if you are in Vegas and need a caffein buzz, this is the place.
Ever since I have come back home I have dreamt of this place. Where chocolate is full, flavorful, creamy, and mind boggling delicious!!! . . All I wanted was a latte but what I got was a chocolate filled caffeine wonderfullness. I told the barista to make me what ever he wanted and so he did. There was two shots of espresso, white chocolate genache, and a drizzle of peppermint syrup. Holy hell did my tastebuds do a little dance and make a little love. They got down that night!!! . . Only downside....holy hell it was $7. I lurve me my fancy coffee but this was on the fancy shmancy scale! But oh so worth it! :)
I had the southwest Caesar salad and my wife had the turkey burger. We shard the s'mores concoction for dessert. Everything was really good including the service
After reading my review from last year, I must say my most current experience here has been much better. My past 2 visits are based on the happy hour menu which is weekdays 3-6 and 9-close. If you are craving this place and are on a budget, by all means come during happy hour! Drink and food specials, which are unbeatable and definitely won't bust your wallet. I've been twice and will probably be back for more just to finish trying all the items on the food part of the menu. Here's the run down of what I've tried.. . Buffalo chicken tenders- comes with 2 large pieces and those infamous brenner waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder. You definitely get your money's worth with this because it's a good amount of food for a single person. Spiciness was just right for me and I prefer most of my buffalo style food on the mild side. Perfect amount of sauce because sometimes when you order tenders buffalo style its like dripping with sauce and thankfully that's not the case here. Breading was good and not too thick. Highly recommend!. . The Mini Philly- the perfect combination of cheese and beef. It's practically a match made in heaven. I think it's the 5 cheese blend that does the trick.. . Buffalo chicken slider- pretty good too, but I'm not a big fan of feta cheese. Although I would recommend the mini philly rather than this.. . Onion rings- pretty standard onion rings. Comes with a chocolate ranch sauce, but it honestly tasted really close to plain ranch with a hint of brown color. . . chocolate pizza- loved every bite of it, just like I expected. Half a pizza is big portion for 1 person so you should really plan on sharing this. The combination of the chocolate marshmallow and crust does the trick- Brenner you a pure genius or chocolate genius that is, hahaha.  Another item where you will get your money's worth!
This was the sole food reason I went to Vegas lol. I had to try one of their chocolate milkshakes! I was so thirsty and it was so good that I finished it all in about  2 minutes! Best. Hazelnut. Milkshake. Ever! Especially since it was over 100 degrees out. I really wanted to try something on their breakfast menu, buy that was only served until 2 or 3 pm. Luckily they had a special menu that had this belgian waffle dessert with berries and vanilla ice cream- yum! I had fun pouring the lil choco balls on top. I also ate half my friend's burger- forgot which one we had but it was recommended by our super helpful waiter. :) . . I checked out the chocolate store afterwards and tried one of their chocolate samples- too sweet for me. They would make perfect gifts though.
Okay, so the only reason I give it 4 stars is for the dessert. Don't go here for food. I got a panini and everyone else tried it and liked it, but I really couldn't taste anything. The pizza has ridiculously thin crust. The pasta is overly portioned. The waffle fries are dusted with chili and cocoa powder, but you can't taste the cocoa powder at all. Plus, it's a little expensive, I say you get less than what you pay for. For dessert, however, that's a different story. We got two crepes: hazelnut and white chocolate cheesecake. Both were AMAZING. I can't tell which I like more. The shakes come in the cutest cups I've ever seen (based on Alice in Wonderland- they say DRINK ME). So, overall, I'd say just go here for dessert. It IS a chocolate place. Oh, and the hostess wasn't friendly at all. Didn't smile or anything.
Just visited this place with my bf as we had read reviews on yelp. Have to say that we weren't disappointed. We had the spinach fondue which was ok but nothing to write home about, the goats cheese pizza which was really good and we shared the heart shaped chocolate cake which was fab - glad we shared it though as too rich for one person. To drink my bf had a margherita which was really strong but good and I had a tiramisu cocktail which was gorgeous. All in all a really enjoyable experience and our waiter could not do enough for us. Pretty reasonably priced as well - will definitely go there again.
We came here with friends to get dessert after dinner.  I got the hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake.  This was delicious and I could taste the chocolate and hazelnut. I tried the Popsicle chocolate fondue and the hazelnut cream banana toffee crepe.  The Popsicle was okay, you dip a vanilla ice cream bar into melted chocolate, wafer balls or hazelnut. The crepe was delicious, it had a nice crunchy crepe and sweet filling.  Service was slow and place wasn't crowded so don't come here if you are in a hurry.
Cande's Killer breakfast skillet- shareable and delicious!  . You can request a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, instead of the house baguette.   . Mocha was okay, nothing special.. Banana waffle is sweet, but very tasty.  I recommend splitting this.. Service was great.
It's located in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.. . By no means am I taking anything away from Max Brenner by saying this but go for the desserts and not the food. Why you ask? First off, for you chocolate lovers this is your mini Willy Wonka type store front you've been searching high & low for. Don't even bother with that overrated Serendipity outside Caesar's Palace. That place is a joke especially when you have this spot not too far away in walking distance. Second, if you order too much food off their regular menu, you may not have enough room to fully enjoy their sweet delicacies at the end. The food food was good but nothing spectacular. The quality of their chocolate is for sure up there and the dessert menu itself will blow you away. When we first sat down, we all reached for the dessert menu before the food menu. We spent most of the time looking it over back and forth.. . Off the bat, the decor of the place should stand out. Back in the day this store was actually a club that I visited once. I'm glad that they got rid of that and Max Brenner took over its spot. A little trendy, lots of chocolate theme props, and the never ending aroma of cocoa beans floating about especially in the downstairs part of the restaurant.. . Theydo have a couple of cocktails and mixed drinks made with chocolate and your favorite alcohol. It will however will run you about $12-13 per drink. We went with the shakes instead. The Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake ($8) - vanilla ice cream, dark chocolate truffle is worth mentioning and should not disappoint if you so order it.. . For dessert (to share), we had The S'Mores Concoction ($11) - marshmallow fluff, milk  chocolate mousse, graham crackers, caramelized bananas. This looked like your 11th grade science project more then anything. Even the grid looking palate it came out on reminded me of being in class again. Every prop used for this dish will make you nostalgic of those days you use to pass puppy love notes in class to that cutie you had a crush on. Personally, it was fancy to look at more then eating it. It was good but I probably won't revisit it again.. . The Melt Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake ($14) was the winner. Milk and white chocolate heart cake served with a creamy vanilla ice cream, red berries, and an iced milk chocolate shot. That shot of chocolate is crack like. The chocolate heart cake reminds me a of lava cake that is perfectly complimented by the vanilla ice cream. You pour the milk and white chocolate yourself so you have the option to go easy or douse. Again, this look was very appetizing but the taste of everything worked well together in perfect harmony. I want more of that stupid shake shot! . . Honestly, there's just too much to order from their dessert menu. Whether it be a variety of hot chocolates, to hand dipping your own ice cream bars (which they were out of on this day), to their infamous fondues, or creme brulee/waffle dishes. The possibilities are endless. I don't think one trip to Max Brenner is sufficient. That is why I say go for their desserts and that's it.. . Remember, I'll forewarn you that it's not a cheap place to grab dessert and the portions are quite petite. What they lack in size makes up in taste and presentation. You will feel like a kid in a candy or in this instance, chocolate store.. . Also, check out their $5 cookie out in the front stand if you don't want to go in and sit down. Yes, its $5 but it's a damn good $5 cookie. If they close the stand, just walk to the bar inside the restaurant and ask the bartender for the $5 cookie, they'll know exactly what you're talking about. It may not seem like it was worth it after the initial bite but you'll soon be asking for more of it. Yeah, it's legit son.
the corn croquettes are the best thing i had here!. you must try them!. i also had the burger (whatever the standard burger is).  it was good, but nothing extraordinary.  . the waffle fries were a disappointment.  they were so overcooked it was basically like eating over-fried potato chips.. my ger-ger had the chicken foccacia sandwhich, it tasted good.. we shared the macaroni and cheese.  it was very good!  i loved how it came with a little side of marinara to pour on to add a little variety to the flavors.. the chocolate cookie for dessert was very yummy!. overall a very good place, but for the prices i expected something a little more spectacular.
My go to meal spot has always been Grand Luxe.  What's not to love about a place that serves greasy affordable goodness in a pretty decent setting at all hours of the day.  . . But there comes a time when new horizons must be pushed, or maybe revisit old places which one has stumbled into in an incoherent fashion at one point or another.  . . And so, Max Brenner was targeted for the next mid day meal (for obvious reasons) which offered a somewhat delightful meal (although not for some.). . If its any consolation prize, the savory foods may be a little on the edge, but the sweets are definitely a high point here, namely chocolate.. -Brenner Burger - delicious.  but when is a burger not?  plus for coming with waffle fries which sealed the deal.. -Waffle Fries with Cocoa Powder and Chili sauce - although just came with extra sauce, it was really good.  . -Molly Stones Croquetes - absolutely delicious little crunchy things with tons of cheese on them. . -Banana Split Waffle - This was pretty out of this world.  The chocolate sauce drizzled over it perfectly along with the ice cream and caramel layer and mini crunchy chocolate balls.  I'm not a sweets person, but this one got to me.
Happy Hour + chocolate drinks + chocolate pizza + real food = orgasmic. Max Brenner has some serious chocolate going on. I highly recommend coming here for happy hour and trying out their chocolate pizza, chocolate drinks, and their extras in the "to-go" store!
Max Brenner is known for his chocolate, and not so much for his food.  I have had the burger and the fish tacos, both of which were pretty tasty.  The coco dusted waffle fries are delicious, as was the fondue.  Unfortunately, the portions are quite small, and always leave me hungry afterwards.
Fun atmosphere, amazing chocolate, small portions.. . I was almost shocked by the food being so small, I understand the smaller portions are healthier, but when you are coming to a restaurant that is famous for their chocolate and desserts, you obviously aren't on a diet. Although the portions were stingy, the food was wonderful, service was great, and I plan on going back!
The one place I wanted to visit while at the forum shops was this place. I love chocolate and desserts in general. I didn't dine in, but did get their $5 double chocolate chip cookie. I'm not a huge cookie fan, but this was delicious! It was a big cookie jammed with tons of chocolate chips. But it wasn't overly sweet. It was soft, chewy, very chocolatey, and big enough to tide me over until dinner!. . The small gift shop area was cute. Everything was so expensive, but what a chocoholic's dream come true! I hope to try their fondue or milkshakes next time! I could easily gain 5 lbs. from this place alone.
Came here for brunch on one of these Vegas trips, and what did I fall in love with? Not their chocolate, no, but their corn croquettes! I normally don't go for fried food, but my party wanted to try them, so why not? They were amazing! The fried outside was surprisingly light and crisp, and the inside was gooey with cheese and corn goodness. The sauce was addicting! I had to stop myself from licking off the plate it was so good!! It was like a mayo type sauce, but 100 times better. . . Drinks:. I should say I'm not a huge fan of chocolate in general, but I wasn't about to be the Debbie Downer of the group, and I never shy away from trying something at least once. So, I was a good sport and tried the Mexican Spicy hot chocolate. The server of course asked if I wanted milk or dark chocolate, and because I was feeling adventurous that day, I asked for half milk and half dark. Bad idea. Sometimes being adventurous just doesn't pay off. My hot chocolate came out to be spicy and bitter. Not a very good mix. However, one of the girls got the thick Italian hot chocolate, and that was delicious. Probably because it was all milk chocolate. Note to self: never get a dark hot chocolate. It just doesn't make any sense now that I think of it. Why would you choose a bitter flavor in a sweet drink?. . Another girl in our group got the chocolate Chai tea. I've never had Chai tea before, but my friend is an avid Chai tea lover, and she claimed that this was the BEST Chai tea she has ever had. I tried it and I must say the Chai flavor is very strong, and it was pretty yummy for a first timer. I'm definitely getting this next time.. . Food:. When you begin looking at the extensive menu, it can really be overwhelming because everything just sounds so good. Even for brunch, I was torn among the breakfast skillet, the cinnamon and white chocolate truffle french toast, after party belgian waffle, and the guilt free omelet. I finally narrowed it down just to the savories because it was that kind of day. I ended up choosing the burrito because other girls ordered the skillet and omelet. When you think breakfast burrito, you think big. At least that's what I think when I order a breakfast burrito. I imagine stuffing myself in egg, cheese, and whatever goodness is in the burrito. To my huge disappointment, the burrito came in a tiny serving. I can almost compare it to an egg roll. That's how disappointed I was. However, looks can be deceiving, and that's exactly what I realized after my first bite. The burrito came already cut into two, and each opening was sprinkled with cinnamon or nutmeg. It was a sweet spice that I couldn't decipher, but it complimented the burrito well. They used a red tortilla that was probably tomato flavored. I couldn't tell because you really don't taste any special flavor from the tortilla. . . The burrito stuffing includes farm fresh eggs, spicy chorizo, tomato, and pepper jack cheese. It's served with spiced home fries but I substituted it with the waffle fries. My first bite was absolute heaven. The perfect amount of egg, cheese, and sausage. Not too spicy and not at all too many flavors. Everything worked together, and I just wanted to say good things do come in small packages. Sometimes. . . The breakfast skillet was a pretty large serving, and it was absolutely what you would have expected: an egg hash scramble with sausage, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, spinach, mushroom, and their home fries. It's nothing new but still delicious if you want to be safe. I would say the same about their omelet. Serving was big, and it was expectedly a good omelet. . . In the end, we were too full to try any of their desserts, but we all decided it was worth another trip to Vegas just for their desserts one of these days. Overall, if you're here for food, you MUST try the corn croquettes. The best I've ever had. The burrito was delicious, but order only if you're feeling adventurous and beware of the small portion. I was full in the end, but that's because I also ate part of my sister's breakfast skillet.
5 stars for the desserts. 3 stars for their regular food. . . I've been to Max Brenner so many times now. It's the best place for friends to gather around over some BOMB  dessert. It never gets TOO crowded, and the restaurant is pretty big. They always seem to be able to accommodate our party regardless of the time and size.. . Things I've tried. 1. Creamy Parmesan Risotto: Pretty good, HUGE dish (definitely share-able), but nothing super special about it.. . 2. Black Sesame salmon: Good sesame flavor, tender salmon. Pretty tasty, nice presentation.. . 3. Chubby Smoked Turkey Club: Nothing too special. I've had better club sandwiches. Served with waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder. Meh. Didn't taste any of the cocoa. Did not taste as exciting as it sounded. . . 4. The Fantastic Popsicle Chocolate Fondue: So much fun! You get 1 or 2 vanilla ice cream bars that you can dip in chocolate sauce and all sorts of fun toppings. Very tasty too!. . 5. Suckao "do-it-yourself" Hot Chocolate: Another super fun Max Brenner concoction. You're giving some warm milk over a small flame and a bunch of chocolate. You add  as much chocolate as you want into the milk. Fun drink, but not as tasty as the regular Hot chocolate. I love the 'hug mug' that the Hot Cocoa is served in. You can buy your own in the gift shop!. . 6. Hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake: Tastes like frozen Nutella. NOMS Much tastier than the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity's and cheaper too! Again, served in a really adorable cup that can be purchased in the gift shop. . . Great spot for some great dessert. Awesome service. Wonderful location (In the Forum Shops, across from the H&M).
Max Brenner is located in the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace, right across from the boastful H&M.. . Came here with my boyfriend for lunch since we had no idea where else to go. We got a seat quite quickly and sat down. I ordered the quesadilla and my boyfriend hadthe scramble or hash or omlette whatever you wanna call it. The quesadilla itself was good but the sauce I could do without. Its one of those types of things where you try once and it tastes okay but it wouldn't be enjoyable if it were something you had to eat the whole meal. Babe's scramble/hash/omlette was good and I liked the home fries. My friend also advised that the hazelnut milkshake was delicious so I ordered it and yes, it was delicious. Beyond delicious in fact. The milkshake cups were also a sight for sore eyes. I wish I could have taken it home with me.. . The interior looked like an industrialized Willy Wonka factory. The service here was a tad slow but still kind.
So apparently Max Brenner is known for chocolate so after my many walk arounds in the Forum Shops, I decided to stop by here for a smoothie and hang by the pool before the pool closed.. . I ordered the white chocolate strawberry smoothie.  It was like $8 something but I wasn't tripping because it's Vegas and in the Forum Shops.  The smoothie was pretty delicious I will say. . . Their kiosk outside their restaurant is closed Monday-Wednesday or something like that so you have to go to the bar and order.
Two things to get while here: chocolate pancakes and some sort of espresso/chocolate drink (like a mocha). Both are excellent. . . You may think chocolate pancakes sound disgusting, but they aren't. It's more food than most people can eat, mostly because it's so rich. But, it's awesome. This is a must have meal for the wife when we're in Vegas.  The various mocha and related chocolate espresso drinks are top notch as well. The regular breakfast and brunch items are good, but don't stand out. You won't be disappointed if you order them, as long as someone at the table gets the chocolate pancakes and gives you a bite.
Definitely a place to try! Their food was great and I was a big fan of the milkshake that came in the cute Alice in Wonderland themed cup. Had to buy one for myself before I left :). . Would love to try the chocolate pancakes everyone has been talking about as well as the hot chocolate. . . Loved the decorations and feel of this restaurant too!
This review is based on the one and only "the works" chocolate pizza!. It was my goal to try this on my latest Vegas trip, and boy did it not disappoint!. . It was about $10 for a half pizza. But best $10 I spent that day! . . If you're a peanut butter lover, I dont see how you could go wrong with this.  The PERFECT dessert, in my opinion :D. . I will be coming back next time.  Hopefully to try more amazing chocolate desserts, but the non-dessert foods looked good too!
Good food slow service.  Pizza, macaroni and cheese, chicken sandwich.
First of all, great service! We have asked for a simple explanation of the new items of the menu and suggestion, I got a chicken burger, and my sister got the waffle sandwich, very innovative idea with savory waffle. Actually very good. But of course the highlight is the chocolate menu. Our heads were spinning as there were so many items to choose from. We ended up choosing the chocolate truffle cake-warm lava coming out of the cake paired up with chocolate shake. I wish I know the server's name, he was awesome! The next night, we could not resist and went back for an Italian Hot cocoa dark chocolate and Tiramisu. Tiramisu was not as impressive as the chocolate cake from the night before but still VERY good! The hot cocoa was to die for! HOT CHOCOLATE SOUP!!!!! You've got to check out the attached chocolate store, we bought a lot home! Music was little loud both times, maybe I am getting old :)
So Max's now offers waffle sandwiches, as in, they wrap a rosemary waffle around a sandwich, and voila, lunch! It could have used a little of their signature sweetness, maybe some cocoa powder for fun, but I liked what they were going for overall. . . On the sweet side, I had the After Party Belgian Waffle, which was fine, but a real contrast to the Illegal Chocolate Pancakes, mainly as the waffles are two fairly tiny dollar pancake sized morsels with about two feet of whipped cream on top, compared to the truly hefty pancakes at the same price. It's no contest: love the pancakes, okay on the waffles. . . It worries me that the joint is almost always empty, because I do really like Max and hope he stays in Vegas; that said, I think they'd do miles better somewhere like Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan, or Paris, as opposed to next to the snack bar in Caesar's Forum Shops.
I've ALWAYS wanted to try Max Brenner because I heard this place is perfect for chocolate lovers!  .. I finally got to try this place, and although I didn't get to have any food, I did order a milkshake and it was heaven!  . . I got the eighties milkshake and it had milk chocolate ganache, vanilla ice cream, and a crunchy chocolate shell ~ it was roughly $8 and worth every penny!  I can't wait to go back and have a real dining experience - their chocolate pizza looks so good!. . Also - I sat at the bar and my service was great. I also didn't come with a huge party so that probably helped.  They're located in Caesars Palace in the Forum Shops..
Go for happy hour! And get a dessert...didn't see much point in ordering food. They are all about desserts! And their cookies and cream shake is A-mazing!
This place would for sure get 5 stars if they were not out of two desserts that I tried to order, one which was their "signature" heart chocolate cake.  Yet the dinner we had was outstanding it is one of my new favorite spots in the Forum Shops!  You must get a sweet treat here!
I love the concept of Max Brenner, a restaurant that offers an appropriately sized entree for the chocolate bacchanalia they offer for dessert.  However the execution (especially of the Union Square one in NYC- crowded with tourists, dirty) falls short. I was happy to find one in the forum shops to drown my sorrows of not being able to afford everything I wanted at Louis, Louboutin, and Burberry. . . Maybe because we went as they were closing, I was pleasantly surprised compared to NYC. Was happy to order a waffle salad entree (best of both worlds, really! must've been created by an indecisive woman haha). Although I still shake my fist over them nixing the "Chocolate Mess" (a warm, cold, melty, crunchy bowl of PMS), the tiramisu was an acceptable substitute.
I was on the mission for the chocolate pizza. Though they don't sell it by the slice anymore and the crust didn't taste as good as the time I got it in New York, I still enjoyed it with the "works" (hazelnut, marshmallow, chocolate, peanut butter, and bananas) warm out of the oven. Shared 1/2 size pizza ($10) amongst the 4 of us. Lots of chocolate goodies here!
Desserts here are definitely delectable and decadent.  I had an old Groupon that expired but still good for the original $12 I paid to purchase it, so my friends and I came for an after-dinner snack.  Our waitress was very nice, but at first, she said I couldn't use my Groupon since they had no way of verifying whether or not I used it before.  However, the Groupon stated the original value never expired, so she spoke w/ a manager (again) and said I could use it.  Dang right!  They were able to scan it at the end anyway and verify it was good, so make sure to insist to use your expired Groupon if you are denied the first time!. . I got the half-sized pizza with roasted mini marshmallow and hazelnut bits ($9.75).  The thing is exactly like a pizza, except for the toppings.  My friend thought the bread was too doughy (it's just like pizza dough) and preferred it to be thinner.  It was super sweet, and we could only eat a small slice each.  I prob wouldn't get this one again.  My other friend got an Espresso Shake while the other friend ordered the Banana Hazelnut Crepe ($13.95).  The crepe was really large and super sweet as well.  It was really good, though.  I'm not a huge fan of crepes since I lean more towards crispy food than soggy, and I find crepes to usually be more of latter than former. The shake was also delicious.  Youcould taste a slight hint of the coffee, as it was not overpowering.  It was not thick at all, though, and more like melted ice cream.  I would have preferred it to have more of a shake consistency, which it did not at all.  . . Prices are pretty steep here but the desserts are more than enough for at least two people.  It's a great place to go for anyone with a sweet tooth.  The chocolate was also very good!  We had wanted to dry one popsicle dessert, but the waitress said they've been out of it for two months.  She said something about how their chocolate (or the popsicles) is made in Israel or something crazy like that.  We had no wait on a late Sat night.
I was totally surprised by the Deep Fudge Chocolate Cake & Shake. The presentation is delightful and light for a deceivingly rich cake. The mini cake is packed with flavor but the sweetness is very subtle. If you have a sweet tooth, you can pour on or dip your cake into the chocolate cream they give you and it'll be like a chocolate cake fondue. The cake was so moist and baked in perfectness too! My family also tried a shake and two hot chocolates (one dark and one milk chocolate). Those items were tasty but the price makes hesitates me to get it again. Otherwise, good experience with service and cleanliness and the chill atmosphere!
Divine! When do you ever hear that from me? Well when I got to eat here! Seriously every chocolate lover's dream. And if you're not a chocolate lover gasp! Well You'll find something to like. . Went here on a weekday during our first morning in Vegas. It wasn't busy at all.  Passed by here on an evening and that's when it was busy.  . Ordered the chai chocolate, and I love how it was presented!  I got breakfast with the goat cheese it was good.  We ordered this waffle chocolate thingy and wow!  I was just wanna dip everything in their chocolate!  . . Not bad for a franchise.  Good job bald guy!
I'm a chocoholic, and this is by far the best place for people like me. The menu is full of options that it's hard for me to settle for just one. I went in with some friends and thankfully we all tried different items and I loved them all!! Can't wait to go back!
I should have planned more carefully before coming to Max Brenner's.  We showed up about an hour before closing on a week night, and unfortunately weren't as hungry as we probably should have been before attempting to tackle their HUGE portions!!  . . We were seated quickly and each given three menus to consider... and probably drooled on all three.  The options for chocolate lovers are overwhelming and deserve time and consideration before committing to order.  Even with our late arrival, we were never rushed to order.  At one point our server seemed ready to sit down and join us to discuss all of options we were considering.  I wish she would have!  . . The nights were starting to get a little windy and chilly, so the hot chocolate was perfect in both taste and comfort!  I wish it were bigger, but I also realize that if it had been, I wouldn't have been able to eat even the little bit that I did have.. . Overall, all of the things we sampled (one appetizer, two entrees and a sundae) were great!  Each dish was artfully prepared balancing flavors and textures.  The corn croquettes were crunchy and creamy, sweet and spicy - just perfect!  . . The S'mores Sundae... Wow!  We were stuffed when we ordered it, but you can't come to Max Brenner's and not do dessert!  We probably should have started with hot chocolate and the sundae and called it a night!  The melted marshmellow and chocolate ice cream together was amazing!  I'm not a fan of graham crackers, but again, the texture they brought to the sundae was perfect!. . You have to go, just order desert first!!
A delicious place to eat within the Forum Shops at Caesars even if you aren't a chocoholic!  . . If you are a chocoholic...this is THE place to go to.  . . I'm not a big fan on chocolate myself, but I still throughly enjoyed Max Brenner.  I wish I was a chocolate lover... they had so many creative chocolate beverages and chocolate infused dishes.  They do also keep in mind that not everyone is a chocolate fan which was great.  . . Service was quick and attentive.  Check out the Max Brenner story inside the menu also while you're waiting for your food, it's a really cute story.
Chocolate themed cafe - great chocolate shakes and crepes with that Max Brenner  influence. . Good afternoon treat!
Tasty dessert place at the Venetian.  Has coffee, tea, waffle sundaes, and several other delightful treats.  Their teas are my favorite, even though I'm more of a coffee person.  You definitely should try their vanilla tea.  So so good and unhealthy... but satisfying!
The food is uniquely cool (albeit on the small side), but the drinks are the reason to visit. The salted caramel milkshake is one of my favorites. It's worth a stop in if you're at Caesars.
I love everything about this place. The smell when you walk in grabs you by the nose and basically walks your table. My husband and I stopped in for lunch and I had a salad which was served on a huge waffle.  I basically get the best of both world and it was delicious!. . Please make sure to try the delicious Satisfaction Guaranteed drink. The presentation was beautiful and the taste was amazing! The price not so much but then again, you are in Vegas.. . Our waitress also recommend that we stopped in the shop before we leave so we can get a free sample of chocolate coated nuts. It was very yummy!
Had to try this place after friends on Facebook posted pictures of chocolate martinis and fondue. If it's anything chocolate, I'll go.. . Service was slow, and we came in on a Monday afternoon when the place wasn't full. The server was nice though; we just didn't know why it took forever to get stuff going. Other than that...Expensive stuff: $100 for 2 people, with tip included. We ordered a choco frappe and hazelnut smoothie, 2 aps (spinach dip & wings), steak panini with waffle fries, and half order of the works chocolate pizza and churro fondue. Next time, skip the regular food and indulge in desserts!. . Question: What's with the small tables!? I felt like I had to do a balancing act while eating... put my plate on my knee there, put my frappe by the edge of the table and push it with my elbow as I eat to keep it from falling off.... . Other tips: Sliders are only from the bar, and Happy Hour is from 3-6pm. . . Conclusion: I definitely would go back again, though just for dessert.
I had an Italian Hot Chocolate and a waffle salad (Yep). The drink was awesome and as you would assume, choc full of chocolatey goodness. I knew the drink would be rich, so I tried to order something light. In a sense, I failed because it was the richest salad you could imagine, but I didn't eat most of the waffle because it was gross. It was strange tasting, but in a good way. Definitely a unique place.
chooooooooooooolaaaaaate Heaven! One stop chocolate shop in Vegas!!! Give it a try if you find yourself walking by :) I got a chocolate strawberry smoothie and it was yummy but pricey If I remember  right it was like 9 bucks or something... lol Buyers regret?... Oh no, as I said this place is chocolate heaven ;)
This place is the first stop when my daughter and i visited Las Vegas. It was awesome place to taste the real fresh chocolate flavor. This place is located in the Forum at Caesars Place. We ordered banana split waffles,  frozen chocolate drink and coffee. Banana split waffle was unique, crunch and WHIMSICAL. My favorite part of frozen chocolate drink was that the chocolate was very fresh and even crunch. Service was also great and friendly.
I had to see what this hype was about! The "Best B.A.L.T." I ordered was a BLT + avocado inside a sandwich with a side of a pickle wedge & waffle fries. Yummy! Tasted so crispy & fresh with the avocados. My Minty lemonade was refreshing! It was like a virgin mojito, which made me love it more. I had the sharing fondue for dessert which came with so much sweets to share for 4. Overall, food was awesome. Service just didn't live up to it because of the consistent trouble. Monotone server, empty waters, room temperature water, & had to wave for assistance a few times. I'll be back tosatisfy my chocolate cravings though.
Great chocolate desserts and drinks!  The fondue is my favorite, but don't expect very much of it. They only bring you a little capsule (but it is so rich and delicious!).. . Wasn't impressed by the waffle - it was too soft. Didn't taste fresh.. . Very nice service.
I want to give them 4 1/2 stars. I can't give 5 because believe it or not, we went for dinner and did not have ANY desserts...crazy, right!?. . It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating. Our server was super nice and very kid friendly.  . . The presentation of each entree was truly impressive, especially their latest addition of their waffle salad where the salad comes in a tin and then you essentially toss it by pouring it and the dressing onto the waffle. The kiddo ordered the chicken fingers from the kids menu which came with their waffle fries (yummy) and a little basting brush so you can glaze the chicken w BBQ or ketchup yourself. Super cute. I shared the turkey waffle sandwich which unfortunately did not come w the waffle fries but instead a cucumber sunomo type salad which was also good and very filling. . . FYI, the spicy tuna sandwich pics you see on here look yummy but have been removed from their menu. Same with their other fish dishes, so stick with the turkey and chicken items to be safe. . . Next time I'm in town and head back there I will def try the choc pizza bc that looks just sinfully delicious!!!!
4.5 stars. After a failed attempt at the Bachannal buffet because it was $46 for brunch during the holidays, we didn't want to get back in the car and travel so this is where Yelp led me. . . I heard the specialty was chocolate and they were right. I'm a savory-spicy guy, but their sweets are where it's at. The peanut butter chocolate crepe was really good. I now know how a crack addict gets addicted. We also got the burger, which was good, but not as flavorful without sauce. My wife also got the hot dark chocolate that she enjoyed. It was a little lukewarm at first, so she told the waiter. The chef actually came out of the kitchen and apologized and explained the process. What service!. . In retrospect Bachannal's loss was our gain. This place is somewhere we would visit again and recommend to friends! Thank you Max Brenner!
Went here on Christmas night in NYC. We had reservations but still had to wait a bit as the place was incredibly packed. We sat upstairs, had a good meal and great dessert! Their chocolate is special. The ambiance is fun, laid back and casual. I'd definitely recommend the Brenner Burger (Great waffle fries) and the milk chocolate fondue.
It's like chocolate heaven!  If you were in chocolate heaven and you were looking for a bar, this is it!  I would never have thought that alcohol would be so good with chocolate!!!!
Food is good, desert is perfect. Nice interior.
I only had a greek salad and it was pretty dang good!  More feta cheese then I could have asked for, but it was the same old same old salad and it was $14.  The paninis and the mac and cheese looked amazing though!!!  The service was slow, one waitress for so many tables ,I felt bad for the gal!  The place smelt like chocolate and it smelt so good!  We ordered the chocolate cake, which was the size of a cupcake and the churros.  The churros were good, cant go wrong but the cake was not impressive.  Very sweet.  Overall had a good meal but prices are so high for nothing special.
Me, my wife and best buddy went to Las Vegas and found this little gem of a chocolate store and restaurant  in Ceasar's Palace and Casino. I had the party Belgium waffles, it was like a dessert and it was good. Two waffles with strawberries, and whipped cream and vanilla chocolate shavings. It also came with two little bottles of strawberry jam and white chocolate sauce- $13.99 The wife had the bacon omelet served with spicy homefries  and biscuit and my buddy had the lazy breakfast which is two eggs, sausage and homefries. I also hada cafe mocha which came in the strangest coffee mug I ever saw and it was the most chocolaty mocha I have ever had. Everything is a chocolate sensation  in this store.
Chai chocolate was awesome (though a bit on the sweet side, but I'm sure all the chocolate drinks were).. . For food, I ordered the chicken sandwich that was served with two pickles and their criss cut fries. Chicken was really solid and stacked really high with two pieces of onion rings.  Fries were crispy just the way I like and served with a spicy aoili of some sort.. . Definitely a great spot to eat at non-Vegas prices.
Chocolate everything? Ok, almost everything.  Food was great, fries amazing, chocolate displays were very creative.  My guests and I enjoyed the "scientific serving decor" graph paper plates, flasks... It all made us "nerds" smile.  This was definitely one of the more memorable restaurants we visited.
Courteous customer service.  The Alice cup is classic and cute so I've bought one home and just cant wait to use it hahaa!  The gift sets are lovely and the chocolate syringe looks like fun!  I've picked up some bonbons and chosen my own collectible tin box!  Staff is helpful.  Prices are reasonable.  So, next time you wanna pick up some souvenirs from vegas, you know where to go, right? *wink*
Get the mocha in the hugmug ! It's delish !. . Came here for brunch and had the salmon bagel which was super generous with smoked salmon. Yum! The spinach artichoke dip was nice and warm and smooth, although I had hoped that it'd be served fondue style instead of merely on a dish, and the waffle fries that had a bit of chili powder with the chili ranch (?) sauce was good ! . . Definitely coming back for desserts next time ! Oh, and the burger that's stacked a mile high maybe ! :)
My husband and I aren't big on casinos, so when we were in vegas we focused on food and walked through the hotels to see the decor. Sacrilage, I know! . . Since we hadn't yet gone to Ceasar's Palace yet, we decided to meet the rest of our party there (after they finished gambling) for brunch. I got the After Party Belgian Waffles, when first arrived I thought it was extremely small, but I was full by the time I was done. It was a nice dish, but nothing great. I would not order it if we went to eat there again. My husband got the Huevos  Rancheros Sunrise Burrito (without cheese). I'm not a big fan of burritos but I thought it was very nice and decently big. Definitely worth a try. We also tried the chocolate martini, which was very tasty. . . I would go back to Max Brenner if we were around one again, and I'd get the chocolate martini.
Mmm chocolate heaven! I came with 4 others and ordered the fondue for sharing and smores for sharing.. . Fondue for sharing (25). + Delicious chocolate, came with assorted cakes, waffle, brownies, fruits. - I do wish they gave more amount of chocolate :(. . S'mores of sharing ($20ish). + Giving liquid peanut butter is such a good idea!!. - Raspberry sauce was meh. - They give more marshmallows than chocolate so I had leftovers marshmallows. - Be sure not to burn your marshmallows! I somehow burnt 2 :'( (and I still had leftover marshmallows) . . Waffle fries. + I don't know what sauce comes with it BUT IT'S SO GOOD!! . . Service was ok but the hostess was so rude. She told us to wait 10-15 minutes even though there were so many empty tables at the restaurant.
After hearing good things about this place my bf and I finally stopped to try it out. I must admit that what drew me in was the description to the "Satisfaction Guaranteed" cocktail. We were sat pretty quickly but then came the waiting. I can understand that it was a popular place but many waiters walked by us and didn't even acknowledge us. After about 15min of sitting there and without so much as a hello we were ready to just get up walk out. I told my bf that we should give them 5 more minutes and if nothing happened after then, then we could leave. Well, 3 minutes in our waiter finally appeared. . I ordered the Brenner Burger and "Satisfaction Guaranteed" cocktail and my bf ordered the Turkey Waffle Sandwich.. The burger was amazing! I was so sad when I finished it. My bf liked his sandwich also but claimed my burger tasted much better. The cocktail was like thick alcoholic chocolate milk..Super yummy! The presentation for the cocktail made it look even yummier!. Our waiter only stopped by twice. The first time, to drop of my cocktail and the second time to ask if we needed anything else while dropping off the bill. In the end, during the whole time we ate, the servers who would bring out the food payed more attention to us. They were courteous, asked about our meal and refilled our drinks. Everything our waiter should have asked us about.. Regardless, of that small service flop, I would still go back and eat there again. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is sweet.
I went for a dessert adult drink :-)  The service was great and I loved learning about the Alice mug which I purchased.  Come here for what they are known for - the chocolate!  mmmm.  They also let me know that they are building a Max Brenner in SF and I can't wait for it to open!
What we ordered:. . Brenner Burger (giant tower of a burger, about 7 waffle fries, two pickles). . Choco Pops Hot Cocoa (comes in a hug cup you hold with boith hands, the choco pops are crispy little chocolate coated balls in the cocoa, all of it is amazing). . Lemon herb grilled chicken (two perfectly seasoned chicken breasts served with fingerling potatoes and cherry tomatoes (cfrazy good). . Heart lava chocolate cake and shake (lava cake, a tiny bowl of ice cream, ganache for pouring, and the cutest little shake ever) My daugher loved this one.. . Banana fondue (little box of friend banana, served with two dips, chocolate and butter scotch. . . Service, AMAZING: our waitress constantly came by asking if we were okay even the manager came by and checked on us.  The ambience is lovely and they play great music, old school 80's some new school neo soul and funk. We were kind of dancing in our seats while we ate. . . Overall, it was a great experience, I am glad we looked it u on Yelp,everyone that gave a good review was right, it was delicious and the service was definitely above average. We will be back, we must try that chocolate pizza!
Hipster nonsense aside, the chocolate served in the gift shop is quite tasty and, contrary to the monstrous portions served at dinner, appropriately sized.
Perhaps I had higher expectations, or I just didn't order the right dish (Kobe beef burger) but I wasn't blown away. They were good but not OH MY GOD good. I will say this though, they have spectacular service. I saw some fiber/hair lookin thing in my drink. They whisked off with it and brought me a new one ON THE HOUSE. I really was pleasantly surprised. I'll be back for sure!! Btw the milkshakes are heavenly!!!
OH MY GOD. . . Their chocolate is to die for. It's extremely creamy and sweet that you'll get a sugar rush FOR SURE. . . The mac n cheese that other yelpers have raved about was OK. The macaroni was a bit firmer than al dente. And the cheese is just cheddar. I was pretty disappointed :( . . You have to try their hot chocolates!!!!
Mmmm just thinking about this place makes me crave something sweet and chocolatey! This is a cute restaurant with a chocolate shop connected to it in the forum shops. . . I love love love coming here for dessert. The chocolate fondue with a platter of goodies such as strawberries, marshmellows, chocolate chip cookies pieces, and spongecake is perfect for sharing with your date. . . I ordered the I Scream vanilla bar dipped in chocolate sauce and chocolate pieces before. So delicious! It melted pretty quickly though so I had to eat it kind of fast. . . I have also been here for lunch and the lunch items are delicious. I have had their salads and a sandwich, both cooked well and served nicely. I definitely like suggesting this place to friends who enjoy a great meal.
Interesting and fun at the same time. I really wanted to check this place out after seeing it on Yelp and I was glad to swing by. . . The concept of a chocolate-themed restaurant piqued my interest and so once I walked by it, I had to stop in. . . My wife and I decided on the chocolate fondue with churros to dip and then split a chocolate eighties milkshake. . . The fondue was cray cray good! I mean how can you go wrong with that combo?? Churros annnnd awesome choco!! . . The milkshake didn't live up to the hype in my opinion. I thought it wasn't as chocolatey as I expected and overall it just didn't do much for me.. But the fondue is where its at!
Good food, not the most memorable experience since nothing stuck out, but overall good food, no complaints.
Chocolate fiends this is your Mecca.  . . Hot chocolate was a hit.  Interesting vessel you guys chose to serve chocolate in.. . My breakfast berry and yogurt parfait was huge.  could not finish.. . cool staff...will be back again.
You really cannot go wrong in a restaurant based upon everything and anything chocolate. From themoment you walk in, from the vat of spinning chocolate, to the chocolate syringes, to the huge blocks of chocolates, you know that you are in good hands. I tried the 80's milkshake and it was delicious and tasted almost like pure chocolate ice. It came with a mini scoop of ice cream that was coated in a chocolate shell. To go with our shake, I split the double chocolate cookie. For some reason, I think I would have preferred it room temp instead of warm (call me crazy!) but either way, it was probably one of the best chocolate cookies I've ever had.  The toppings however did not really seem to fit with a cookie dessert. You would typically see fresh fruit, whipped cream and a chocolate sauce with some sort of cake instead of a cookie, so I didn't really find them necessary.
Oh god, this sweet tooth of mine may have found its sanctuary compliments of a bald man.. After a whirlwind night of partying, my friend and I were looking for a spot to wind down and have some sweets. Max Brenner became our pick after Serendipity had too long of a line. . . Max is located across the GIANT H&M inside Caesar's Palace (is it the real Caesar's Palace?). The minute you walk into through the doors you can smell the chocolatey goodness. But, if chocolate isn't your thing they have a lot of savory food choices as well. But where Max really shines is obviously in the desserts. . . WHAT WE ORDERED:. White chocolate and strawberry smoothie: Incredibly rich and actually a tad overwhelming! I think it tastes better once it melts down a little. The consistency makes it hard to drink at first.. . Fantastic Popsicle Chocolate Fondue: After seeing the picture in the menu, I was intrigued. What a fun creative twist on a fondue! Unfortunately, it no longer features popsicles. It is now plain old vanilla ice cream in a waffle cone, but you still get to sprinkle your choice of toppings on it. . . . Max Brenner's chocolate is SERIOUSLY one of the richest chocolates I've had to date. Normally, I'm a sit down and eat 3 bars of dark chocolate kind of gal, but I can't see myself pigging out on Brenner's stuff. . Bonus points for having a mini shop in the corner where they give free samples! Way to fatten me up Brenner!. . I'll definitely come back just because the menu is SOOO massive and I'm really intrigued by his waffle fries and cocktail items. Until next time Mr. Brenner!
While at Vegas, my bf and I decided to check out this joint since it had pretty good reviews on Yelp.  Also, what caught my attention was "chocolate".  We were here on a Saturday and was told by the hostess that they only serve brunch, which had a specific menu.  Bummer!  The brunch menu didn't have the Really Cheesy-Really Crunchy Mac and Cheese my bf was dying to order.  Anyway, since one of the main reasons for this Vegas trip was to eat here, eh, why not?  Once we were seated, our waiter told us Hwe can order from the regular menu as well! Joy, oh joy!  . The bf loved the mac and cheese.  I, on the other hand, really didn't care for my mushroom and ricotta pizza. Meh.  But, kudos, on the Oreo shake that can came in this whimsical glass.  Wanted to order the popsicle fondue, but they didn't have popsicles.  Boo.
Max Brenner is across from H&M.  . . I tried the Candes Killer Breakfast Skillet.  It has eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries and mushrooms.  It all went well together.  The portion was kinda big.  It was a good size for two people.
Fun place to eat for sure! And oh so yummy!. . If you are a chocoholic, this is your Mecca!  You gotta love a place where the dessert menu is 3x bigger than the food menu!  Overall, this is a cafe you have got to try out NOW!. . The regular food is so flavorful!  I have tried a lot of the menu and have enjoyed every bite!  I think the absolute highlight on the menu is the turkey burger.  Let me say that I do not like turkey burgers because I am all about my beef, but I tried a turkey burger when it was highly recommended by the server and it blew my socks off!  It was one of the tastiest burgers I have ever had.  That burger had the flavor of 10 regular burgers crammed into it!  To top it off, it comes with tasty fries that have cocoa powder on them.  I know it sounds weird, but those fries are so yummy and different tasting.. . I also really like their flatbread pizzas. They have some "normal" pizzas and then some fun pizzas like the Southwest BlackBean pizza.  It was like having a party in your mouth with the different textures, flavor explosions, and gooey cheese to tie it all together. . . As for the desserts, where do I even start.  I mean the dessert menu is 3x bigger than the food menu.  The have hot chocolate, chocolate pizza, fondue, cookies, sweet waffles, milkshakes, and truffles, to name a few.  I'm probably forgetting some because the menu is THAT HUGE.  . . Max Brenner is a mad, chocolate genius!!! The prices are a little high, but on par for Las Vegas Strip rates, speaking as a local. The staff all seems super friendly as well. Go check it out and get a shot of chocolate!
I'm not a fan of chocolate at all, but this place is so good & delicious! We missed our reservation but like 30 mins & the staff were so nice & we got seated almost right away anyways. We had 6 people in our group & we all ordered at 2 things each & everything was exceptionally good. Defiantly will be going back.
Chocolate AND brunch you say?? All in one place?? ...And with a huge H&M staring at me from right outside? I think we've hit the Sunday morning bliss trifecta.. . I came here with friends who had been before and loved it, and while I completely trust their recommendations, I wasn't sure if I would be as head over heels for this place as they were because 1. I wasn't sure I was sold on eating chocolate so early in the day (I know, I know, as I write this it sounds crazy - any time is chocolate time, right??) and 2. they were all about the desserts, which, with me being gluten free, wasn't as big an attraction. But I needn't have worried. The strictly brunch part of the meal alone impressed me enough for a return visit, and that was even before the sugar coma. I had the Mexican omelette with cheese and black beans wrapped around avocado and topped with salsa. Perfectly done, beautifully presented and absolutely delicious. Also I love that I had the option of fruit as a side dish - most places would charge an extra $5 for that. It was a fairly generous portion of fruit, too, and best of all came with chocolate dipping sauce. All of the sudden it didn't seem too early for chocolate.. . For "dessert", I had the do-it-yourself hot chocolate which is steamed milk served in a mug that is set atop a tea light candle with the chocolate chips on the side. The candle kept the milk hot so you just add in the chocolate, stir, and voila! Even more decadent, I tried a sip of my friend's Italian drinking chocolate, which we described as almost like drinking ganache. Unbelievably rich and awesome. . . Fun times, good food and chocolate. All situated in a giant mall in which  to shop off those calories afterward. Now I get it.
I like chocolate so I like this place
Damn good (albeit, expensive) food and drinks.. . We tried the onion rings and fondue dessert.. . I ate everything and felt like I was going to pop.. . I just wish that my "Satisfaction" drink was in a bigger glass.  I finished it in two sips and felt like I got ripped off.  At almost $15, the drink definitely should have been bigger.. . For something that claims to be satisfying, it clearly wasn't.. . For dessert, we ordered the "Sharing" fondue for $25.. . I highly recommend you do the same.. . It was a fun experience and made Las Vegas more memorable.
My number one suggestion for this place is to just skip over the normal food items and go straight for dessert!  When I went here I ordered the Brenner Burger (kobe), which was just alright...nothing too memorable.  For my drink, I ordered the salted carmel hot chocolate (I believe), which was very good.  For dessert my friends and I got the Classic European Chocolate Fondue with the pure milk and white chocolate sauces.  The dessert included bananas, strawberries, marshmallows, and banana bread to dip into the chocolate sauces.  Our dessert was gone within minutes.  The chocolate was rich and the perfect balance of not being too sweet either.  The most surprising part was the banana bread that came with it, it tasted delicious with our chocolate sauces.  The dessert was also served with a mini burner to roast our marshmallows on.  The service was friendly too, definitely swing by here for desserts!
Went to Max Brenner's last night for a nice evening out with the wife.  She did her research, and found out that their happy hour was from 3-6pm.  So we got there about 4pm to make sure we had time to enjoy happy hour for a while.  . . Upon arrival, we asked the hostess if happy hour was only available at the bar, or if we could sit down at a table.  To her credit, she told us it was her first day, and she didn't want to give us the wrong information.  So she went and quickly collected the answer to our question and came back.  Happy hour was at the bar only.  No problem.. . First, we started with a couple drinks.  My pregnant wife got a frozen lemonade, while I tried the Classic Chocolate Martini ($12.50 normally, $6 on happy hour).  Both were outstanding!  I decided I should try something else, so I went with the Intoxi-Cake with white chocolate, also quite good.  . . We ordered some sliders and chicken tenders to start off the food, and while my wife thought some of the food items were infused with chocolate, I couldn't taste it  (She, of course, could have been misinformed).  We then ordered the Cheesy, crunchy mac and cheese which had tomato and bacon.  Ooh, it was excellent, although I was getting so full I couldn't finish it.  . . My wife needed to have her dessert, so we got the banana tempura with dipping chocolate.  I couldn't have any because I thought I would explode, but she loved them and I tried them later at home and, even cold, they were delicious!. . We had a 3-year old Groupon that had expired, but I knew it was good for the amount I had paid for it.  Since they didn't really have a way to honor the Groupon in their system, they just took enough items off the bill to equal the amount I'd paid for the Groupon. . . The service at the bar was excellent, and the food (especially the chocolate items) was everything I hoped it would be.  They even offered us a chocolate sample on the way out!. . Will I go back tomorrow?  No.  But anytime I have friends/family in town and they are looking for something unique and sweet, Max Brenner's will be my recommendation!
Drinks are amazing. I had the .  Satisfaction Guarantee drink. Greek salad and chicken w 3 cheese pizza was great.
I love this place. You will spend your lunch/dinner time trying to make up your mind on dessert!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chocolate chai!  Sandwiches are amazing also. The reason I only gave 4 stars is because of the location it seems like the wait staff isn't as attentive as they could be.  I know it's in a busy place on the Strip, but some of us locals venture out for places like this.  Just remember the 'little ppl' and step it up a bit!
As you walk in it smells like chocolate! Delectable treats at every turn. I had the steak sandwich with waffle fries...yum! Aioli was a great and accompanied the fries well.
My sweet tooth is seriously my silent killer. Always stalking me, it never goes away! . . A restaurant dedicated to all things dessert and chocolate? yes please! I wasn't even hungry or thirsty but I knew I had to try something from max brenner! . . So went with a hot chocolate. There are about 10 different kinds. I went with something I usually don't see. A salted caramel hot chocolate! And it was exactly as I pictured it in my head. Super DECADENT and RICH! You could tell the chocolate was very good quality. The caramel was infused very well. The one thing that I thought was missing when I took my first few sips was the sea salt. I didn't find out till later that it was in the foam at the top! So remember to mix it well! My only gripe was that it was very sweet because it was so rich. I would recommend sharing, or maybe getting an iced version? The ice might help dilute it. Oh and of course, it is pricey. $6 for small! Ouch. . . Definitely want to come back one day and try the desserts!
This place is pretty freaking cool. What better way to be in Vegas then go shopping at a three story H&M and then go across the way to having chocolate to your hearts content?!?! (No better way) My husband and our friend decided that they would get drinks well they waited for the girls to finish up their shopping, so they decided on Max Brenners. They got some pretty good drinks, but of course us girls came along and we got a way better deal out of it all. All I have to say is that the GM came out saw that I was carrying chocolates from another company and it set off an event of things to come. He made us everything thing from homemade chocolate covered bacon, we got free chocolate martinis, and many more things. My good friend is vegan and couldn't have a lot of things that they were giving us, so the bartender/ barista went out of the way to figure out something that she could have. When we got our bill and they only charged us for 2 drinks. It was amazing !!! . . I've never experienced anything like it and the customer service was just through the roof. Everyone was so nice and friendly to us. We actually went back for brunch the next day, just because the food looked so amazing and it truly was. We had a few different kinds of sandwiches (even a waffle sandwich), the corn cakes, and some different kinds if mochas. The food is actually really really rich, so I suggest splitting it with someone, or taking some back with you. The mochas are really good and the chocolate they use is of such great quality. They come in these really cool cups that are suppose to warm and make the chocolate taste better or something like that. (Honestly I can't remember it was definitely a funky cup though.) The chocolate martinis are really good too (they are also nice and strong), they put this skewer of marshmallows in it and top it all off with more chocolate of course. . . All I have to say is that if you really like good food and LOVE chocolate then this is the place to be in Vegas. The service is awesome and Max truly could have not done a better job of making such a great restaurant. (Not true it should be completely made out of chocolate!!!)
This five star food an four star coffee.  Cappuccino was a little off on the foam but good.  Preparation of food is spot on.
Oh, Max... so so so yummy!. . Came here with some friends and we were just looking to get some good dessert eats. I'm a sucker for chocolate and nuts and anything that tastes like Nutella and all that great stuff. Now, Max would've gotten 5 stars if they didn't run out of the Fantastic Posicle Fondue. So, in my moment of disappointment, I listened to the waiter's suggestion and opted for the Hazelnut milkshake instead. Omgahhhhhhhh so good. It's like melted Nutella that's been chilled to milkshake form. . . Side note: I probably should've shared my shake because it was so thick, rich, and yummy that I couldn't even finish half by myself. So yummy!
This is one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas! I stumbled across this restaurant back when they ran a Groupon a few years ago. I actually never made it in to use my Groupon. Not because I wasn't impressed with their menu, I just never had a chance to use it before it expired. . . Two/Three years later my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out. I wish I had tried it sooner because the food is wonderful! The decor is very fun and the service was excellent. This place isn't overly fancy, it feel like the basics but kicked up a notch. The menu varies greatly from Pizzas ($13), Tasty Salads ($14),  Burgers ($15), Sloppy Joes, Fish Tocos ($14) and many other entrees. We had the Molly's White Corn Croquettes and they were amazing! . . We had a few vegetarians in our group, I would describe it as a decent vegetarian selection because they offer a few pastas and many salads. . . The waffle fries are some of the best in town! They are actually tossed in cocoa powder and served in a great sauce! . . I most enjoyed the tea. Yes, the hot tea. They serve it in a fancy glass device they steeps it and then it strains it directly into the cup. It was incredibly unexpected and neat. I have since been to Teavana to try and find a similar item. . . For dessert, we had the smore's. They were fun to cook tableside with our group. . . We will be back :)
I went to this place for my 24th birthday. Overall I was happy, it was nice and clean and our waiter was really nice and attentive. The food was very reasonable in price, and they had some decent items to choose from. However, I didn't get a chance to get any dessert which was the real reason why I went. I will definitely go back again.
Made some reservations via Yelp at 9:40 PM (I love Vegas hours!). Got there a little bit later because it is nearly impossible to turn into Caesar's Palace off the strip with the 5 gazillion tourists walking around. When we got to the restaurant, it looked like everyone had just cleared out. However, the host told us that they had Happy Hour specials at the bar, so we decided to forfeit the reservations and sit at the bar. The inner boozer made a good choice!. . We each had some chocolate cocktails to start it off - wifey's chocolate martini was really great; my white russian was alright. I felt they could both use some more alcohol, but if you're looking for a tasty drink, you've found some right here. The server/bartender was pretty helpful but slightly all over the place so we didn't get our waters or place settings right away. Who cares though, we have chocolatey alcohol in our hands. I let things slide here that wouldn't be taken lightly at other places.. . Looked for Giancarla E's recommended Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakes but didn't see them on their menu. Plus the wifey wanted to get the fondue so I decided to save the chocolate for later. Got some $6 sliders and white corn croquettes, which were both pretty decent (the chipotle sauce that came with the croquettes was pretty flavorful). Got the waffle (crisscut) fries but I didn't really get a whole lot of the chocolate/chili taste that other posters raved about. Seriously just tasted like some Carl's Jr or Chick fil-A crisscut fries. . . Anyway, we weren't here to induce ourselves into food comas (we were saving that for the next day at Bacchanal), but the fondue for two really put us over the top. Really liked that you could toast your own marshmallows - wifey had fun almost burning down the restaurant. . . Location was pretty nice, and if you have a private party upstairs, it looked like a chill spot. It's located in the Forum Shops so you can go there for a late dinner and still have time to walk around and do some shopping (most stores close around midnight).
Last December I went to Max Brenner at Caesar's for Happy Hour (M-F 3-6 and reverse starting at 9). Happy Hour specials are available at the bar only and include $4 beer, $6 cocktails and $6 appetizers and desserts. What a great deal for Vegas! I ordered the Lucky Lemon (Ketel One, Citoreon Vodka, Grand Mariner and Lemon Juice) and my boyfriend ordered the margarita. Both were delicious and very potent. The bartender mixed them up in front of us and really took her time crafting our cocktails. We also ordered the Cheesy Thin Crust Pizza (served with grape tomatoes) - pretty good and the Sliders: 2 Brenner Burgers (Lettuce, Tomato, Onion Ring and BBQ sauce) and 2Buffalo Chicken (crispy buffalo chicken with bleu cheese aioli) - both were very good and came with fries! Great flavors! I would love to come back here for dessert. Someone next to us ordered the Chocolate Chunks Pizza and it looked so good! Can't wait to try this place again!
As always, I had to make a quick stop at Max Brenner's for a bite, mind you this was only 2 hours before dining at Wicked Spoon so I couldn't eat too much.. . Met up with a girlfrend and at that time (530pm) it was still nice and empty inside. Ambiance is verging between casual and romantic and the chocolatey surroundings definitely encourages the appetite.. . We got ourselves two White Russians (a MUST ), steak and cheese quesadilla, waffle fries and a choclate pizza. Did I say we were only having a quick bite?? . . Man those white russians are decadent. I would have been good skipping ALL the food and just sipping on those. . . Quesadilla and fries were great, not too choco infused, or not at all, but nonetheless delicious ways to warm up the belly. . . Wasn't much a fan of the chocolate pizza. The dough was hard, dry. Took a few bites and wished I had a second white russian instead.
I was looking for a brunch spot close by and I happened to discover Max Brenner at the Forum Shops next to Caesar's Palace. It must've taken at least 20 minutes of meandering the labyrinth that is the Forum shops to get here. The place was so hard to find! It may have been due to the previous night's shenanigans.. Food:. 1) Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Breakfast burrito was soo good! Eggs, spicy chorizo sausages, tomatoes, pepper jack cheese served with home fries. This was one of the better spicy chorizo sausages that I've tried. The home fries were uh-mazing! I only wish the portions were larger for the price we were paying.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=9lB5ksGR8JzyTny1S0JROQ#976wPqYtH4eN3HC-7pLbEA. 2) Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet consisted of eggs, sausages, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, spinach, home fries, and mushrooms scrambled together on a skillet. It didn't taste any different from the scrambles I've tried elsewhere. The only thing that really stood out from other establishment was the home fries, which I mentioned above. I'll probably try something or the burrito the next time I come for breakfast.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=9lB5ksGR8JzyTny1S0JROQ#aDEY-bnNeYQ3_AQhBL97Bw. 3) Crepe consisted of hazelnuts, chocolate, and fruits. I've plenty of delicious crepes, but none of the those can compare to the hazelnut that was used here. It was decadent and it simply just blew my mind. Considering the ingredients, it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, which is quite an accomplishment.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=9lB5ksGR8JzyTny1S0JROQ#h-jLRVolorVhw10MvboUvA. . Service:. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful.  . . Note to self:. Come during 3-6 and 9-close Mon-Fri for Happy Hour. Try the chocolate fondue, ice cream, waffle fries dusted with cocoa next time.
Although I'm not a fan of gross, excess decadence in desserts, Max Brenner does seem to infuse enough finesse into your typical overloaded sugar concoctions to make it worth the visit. There are too many crepes that simply become homogeneous flavor globs of thick sweetness (see: Jean-Philippe), so I was wary. To my surprise, the banana hazelnut crepe with the rice krispies had some great layering of textures and flavors. Plus points for creativity with the customizable add-ons served on-plate, although the presentation could be better and more cohesive. But still - a great crepe, one that makes my top 3 list. . . I like the atmosphere - it's understated for a Strip dessert joint, not too typical French, but not too hipster, either. It's a nice balance between casual and charming. The service is patient and friendly, though a bit lacking in the details - while our server was very personable and engaging, she did fail to provide us options for our order (dairy milk vs alternatives, type of chocolate, etc). I'd rather take that technical error than a fundamental issue with service, though, so overall the staff seems good. . . Also appreciated the extra step they took in their tea service, using the new-style infusers with actual loose-leaf. Too bad the measurements were way off though, because the tea was excessively strong, which, flavor-wise, was the low point of my visit. This place just needs a little tweaking in the details, it seems; they've got some fundamental things right already! More of a 3.5, rounding up to a 4 thanks to the accommodating service.
Love the hug mug! I came here a year ago and once again recently, and I have to say, the dark chocolate mocha is to die for! Now of course, you have to expect to pay $6 for a small drink, but I think it's worth the experience. I have had breakfast here before, but I recall not being a huge fan of their savory breakfast items. I was 100% engrossed in my chocolate loveliness to really pay attention to the giant pan of egg and stuff (I think we had ordered a fritata). I would highly recommend you coming here for chocolate items, but I wouldn't expect too much from the food. I do like that they give you a small sauce cup of chocolate to just dip and lick.. yeah LICK CHOCOLATE OFF A SPOON (or finger) FOR BREAKFAST. om nom :D
I've already reviewed the Max Brenner in NYC (loved it!) so now I'll do a review for Vegas....   It's in a hotel (Caesars) so I didn't like it as well as the one in NYC (ambiance/venue) but it didn't affect the amazing chocolate which is why you go there in the first place!! They have the MOST CREATIVE way of presenting chocolate in all forms (food, drink, dessert) and the candy store that is inside the restaurant is perfect for taking home a little something after dinner = ).   Unfortunately I was too full for dessert, but their crepes are DIVINE!!
We found this place randomly after our rsvp for our original location was called up. It was a day before EDC and surprisingly it wasn't too busy. We were a group of college graduates walking in with our fat tuesdays and was nicely welcomed by our waiter. For a nice kept resturant they put up with our loud obnoxious conversations. She gave us a huge selection for lunch and what we were able to pick from the breakfast and dinner menu. Not only was her service amazing she kindly talked to us about her EDC experience working there and such. . . Food: Anything you order will come out looking delicious! If you're feeling a snack stomach the orders are good to share amongst two. What you're paying for delicious food kinda makes up for the pricing.. . PS FREE WIFI ! You have to take the elevator upstairs for the restroom.
I only have one check-in here, but I have eaten here many many times. haha! The desserts are extremely satisfying, so if you have a sweet tooth, knock those teeth out! Though I have to say after 2 desserts and a smoothie, you might need the dentist ;] . . The "real" food is pretty damn tasty too! I've had the chicken and the waffle fries (delicious) and the salad--it was crazy good! If eating here didn't make my wallet cry so much, i would go all the time!!!
Say you just pissed away a good 5grand at the Casino and your girl is giving you that dirty look that says FUCK YOU with a simple wink. Yeah, that's when you gotta forget about saying sorry, dropping down and begging for forgiveness for having to prostitute her out before Vinny takes your knee caps. . . Trust me, all you have to do is bring her to Max Brenner. Them fly chickas love that chocolate. After that, all is forgiven. . . Personally speaking, this chocolate place does very little for me. The chocolate shakes don't taste like they have any milk in them. It's straight up mainlining chocolate into your system. . . Service here was also pretty shitty when I went. But the rest of the group was dope with it, I guess. They have chocolate covered ice cream sundaes or some shit that were off the hizzy. . . While those chocolate fiends around you go into a trance like state of euphoria, you can look around and see that they have a pipe of chocolate rolling all over the building. Who knows if that shit is chocolate. I imagine it's not as that would be a huge waste and flash for nothing. Then again, this is Vegas. . . Either way, this shit is pricey. But then again, so is Vegas in general. Just assume that the winnings you get here is from the joys of chocolate cheer from those chocohlics. Cause they'll be on a high for a while after this kick. . . I didn't even try the food cause why the fuck would you be eating food at a chocolate place? No seas puto, puto. Get the chocolate and be done with it.
WHAT TO ORDER: The Banana Split Waffle. . Waffle + Bananas with a Crispy Carmelized Top + Chocolate Covered Rice Krispies + Milk Chocolate Truffle + Carmelized Rice Krispies + Carmel Sauce + Chocolate Sauce + Vanilla Bourbon Ice Cream. . It sounds too sweet, but it's not. It was perfection.
Not a fan of sweet breakfasts and wasn't really feeling an omelet at that point so for brunch I got the goatcheese and chicken waffle salad. DELISH. . . I also got a white russian too... omg. THIS....was THE FREAKING BEST. . I mean, who cares I'm drinking at 10 AM? . It was a huge treat to drink this. It comes with all the kalhua in one glass and a teeny tiny erlenmeyer flask filled to the brim with this rich melted white chocolate and whatever was in there. Mix it up- delish. I can't tell you how delicious it was. . . We ended brunch and shared a waffle with bananas and icecream and I just wasn't too impressed with that. Meh. . . I had a sip of the mocha that came in a hug mug and that...was divine. . . Next time I go, I'm just going to have a liquid breakfast/lunch and order me some white russians and other coffee/hot chocolate drinks instead! . . **tip** iced mochas whether it's milk or dark will probably disappoint you, they'll become watery, and you can't really enjoy that pure chocolate flavor.
Great food.  Great drinks.  Great service.  Get a hot chocolate to go.  Sooooo good.
We came here for a "snack", as my ever hungry friend called it, as we were here shopping.. Our "snack" consisted of a Spicy Chicken & 3 Cheese Pizza, Yummy Baja Style Fish Tacos, Black & Tan Beer Battered Onion Rings, shakes, a coffee, and an OMG Chocolate Chunk Cookie. I think we ordered more food but I was entering a food coma already so I sort of forgot, I just know the bill came out a little under $100.. I'd compare the food here to a really good version of Friday's, good but nothing amazing.. The portions were pretty decent, big enough that most normal people would call it a meal.
I've wanting to try this place out for the longest time! A lot of my friends from east coast are all in love with Max Brenner, so I gotta check this place out! and finally thank you Vegas :) it's in the Cesar Palace. the food is good, but my god the dessert was absolutely amazing!
Visiting NYC a couple years ago - my husband and I fell in love with the Bald Chocolatier! We did not eat in the Vegas location, only bought items in the store, and TRIED to order some cookies from the counter.. . Why Four Stars if the Counter Service sucked, and we ended up leaving without cookies because the Server behind the Counter made Eye Contact twice, but chose to ignore me, and the Cashier at the Store would not ring up 2 cookies...the chocolate is delicious!. . The hot Cocoa Mix (if you eat here, make sure you save room for the real Hot Cocoa in house) is like nothing else! The chocolate bars, and truffles are rich, creamy, and satisfying with a half of bite.. . Product alone gets 4 Stars (5 Stars would have been awarded if I was leaving with cookies, but Service is a Negative). Maybe if we had eaten there or tried to get a table, the Service would have been better!
If you wanted your chocolate fix, this is the place. A wide variety of chocolate drinks and foods. Love their shakes! Can get packed, as it is a like on the small side.
Happy hour is M-F 3-6 and 9-close for $5 plates! . . Satisfaction guaranteed super tasty! Castries peanut liquor, caramel liquor, milk chocolate. . Crepe: hazelnut banana toffee- very good but didn't like the toffee ice cream. Liked that orange segments w/ mint inclu.. . Spectacular meltin choco sundae: just okay. Marsh fluff, graham cracker, choco ice cream, wht choco.... . Hot choco choco pops: yummy choco pearls make the diff! Served in hug me mug.. . 10% off store with receipt.
Dear Mr Brenner,. . I just wanted to let you know that ever since I took my wife to your fine establishment, all she could talk about was your desserts!. . Let me explain. Some friends of ours told us about your happy hour specials. So we went on a Tuesday night at 9 pm. Once we got to the bar and saw our choices on the happy hour menu, we couldn't make up our minds. We loved the fact that some of the appetizers and desserts are only 6 bucks. Since it was our first time, we decided that a couple hundred more trips should be able to allow us to experience every one of your creations.. . I decided to go with the Max Brenner Sliders while my wife went for the Philly Sliders. For dessert, we decided to share the S'mores Concoction. . . We were a bit hungry so we were thinking of ordering some more food after we put our order in. But when our two orders got there, we didn't have to because these "appetizers" that we supposedly ordered were pretty much meals by themselves! Both sliders were scrumptious and filling. . . As for the S'mores Concoction, two words came to mind after tasting it. Rich and Decadent. It's comparable to a person just trying out drugs for the first time and is curious about other drugs. Well, I can say this dessert is the gateway to all the other desserts on your menu! So if you have a sweet tooth, you just might overdose here.. . So ever since we were there the first time, we have been back several times, even bringing other friends and family with us. If we don't have kids with us, we hit up your 3 to 6 pm or 9 pm to close happy hours at your bar because you have to be 21 and older. . . So in closing, maybe you should have a chocolate lovers stamp card or something because I know for sure we would have filled up about 2 of them.
Came here to oogle at chocolate and possibly eat. We just got a milkshake instead.. the oreo one.. . It was very yummy and you could tell the chocolate was of quality. It was rather pricey though... I would come here again maybe for some choco inspired food. What a cool idea for a restaurant.
I myself, being a devout chocolate worshipper, had to try this place at least once when I was offered a free sample near their store.  I could smell the chocolate oozing from this place.... . I opened with a white chocolate chai tea that they let you strain into your own cup and I have never had better... absolutely fantastic and aromatically induces visuals of being tucked away in a cabin somewhere in winter.  The whole restaurant has a more intimate and warm feel than say a Ghirardelli's etc.. . I didn't come hear to eat "real food" I decided so I ordered a chocolate pizza (wouldn't you?) to finish my pancreatic stress and was more than happy as I sipped on my chai.. . Everything I saw being brought out to customers was eloquently made and pre-ordained to give the customer a lasting impression... whether through smell, taste, or visually.  All staff was friendly and attentive, and there is an upstairs as well for larger groups if you are rolling deep.. . I would highly recommend having lunch or dinner here if you happen to be strolling through Caesar Palace's "Forum Shops".  A very well put together establishment and menu.. . 4/5 stars: A bit pricey but what else do you expect on the strip? :)
My only complaint is I did a reservation on my YELP app on the Open Table and when I checked in for my table the hostess didn't check me in for my points for Open Table, I guess I should of checked before I left.. . So we sat outside of the restaurant which wasn't really "outside" but inside Caesar's Palace the Forum, which meant great and I mean awesome people watching if you can imagine.. . I ordered a Butterscotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake with cake vodka added...it was delicious. It was made with dulce de leche icecream, toffee sauce, pure milk chocolate & whipped cream with the added Cake Vodka. mmmmmmm. My friend had a Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake and added a hazelnut kind of liquor and she was loving it. Also they came in the cutest Alice in Wonderland kind of glass that said  "Drink Me" and when you looked down at the opening of the glass it was the Cheshire Cat's smile. They sold them there too...I should of bought one.. . My friend order a Grilled Chicken Panini and fries, she said it was good and I got the appetizer White Corn Croquettes which I liked, they were small, like one or two bites worth and 4 came on a plate.. . The bill came in this cute/fun box that said  "Money for Life" and "Chocolate for the Soul" on it.. . Our waiter was super friendly and helpful with helping us decide on what to get and what not to get.. . They have a small little store where you can buy some yummy chocolate items and gifts to take home, we even got a sample of a chocolate candy.
I loved the NYC store and this one was almost the same. The chocolate of course was amazing, but it did take them 3 times to light our sterno for our marshmallows. Overall I recommend to anyone looking for rich chocolate desserts. We didn't have any if the regular food in the menu or any of the alcoholic beverages, but those around us were enjoying their food and drinks.
I love this place and for their happy hour at the bar it's totally worth it. one specific qualifications for their happy hour though is you must be seated at the bar so if there's no more seats you can't get the happy hour it's a first-come first-served service. That was really weird to hear about because they don't have that many seats and there was a customer behind me who had two people with her but there's only one seat and they just wanted to take some martinis and sit at the nearby table but they wouldn't offer them the happy hour price for that only the one person who was actually at the bar?? I definitely would recommend the dessert menu alone though... It's a cool twist to the classic chocolate
Great place to satisfy your sweet tooth! Our waitress Erica was so pleasant the first time we visited. Second time we weren't as lucky with the service or the food, but then again we ordered sandwiches. Stick with the sweets, there are plenty of choices.
Price is decent for what you're getting.
White Russian = Four Stars, we came during happy hour when they had this cocktail on their happy hour menu. It is rich and creamy and divine. It's so rich that it covers the vodka in the drink. They top everything off with mashmellows. So good!. . Deeply Rich Dark Hot Chocolate = Four Stars, this is one hot small hot chocolate that you definitely need to share with someone. It is so velvety and rich. It's so chocolatey and creamy. It is certainly chocolate heaven for a chocoholic like myself. . . Liquor Infused Chocolates = They definitely offer some of the best chocolate around. These chocolate confectionaries are so delightful to savor. You can pick whichever flavor chocolate you want and they will wrap it up with a bow for you. So cute!
The OMG cookie and Banana Hazelnut Crepe were amazing! Coming here every time for my sweet tooth fix in Vegas
Sweet tooth anyone?. . If you have never been to Max Brenner, your sweet tooth has no idea what is coming!. . If you come here during their dual happy hour at the bar, you will find a good amount of sweets and savory items for a clean $6.. . Heard a lot about the Brenner Burger Sliders, but I wasn't too impressed with them personally. They were overcooked and the flavor wasn't too impressive. I much preferred the Mini Philly ($6 HH): Shaved Ribeye, 5 Cheese Blend, Caramelized Onions, and Roasted Pepper Mayo. These were good, much better than the burgers IMO. Great taste and the happy hour price of $6 was pretty good value!. . And of course...the chocolate! The Chocolate Chunks Pizza ($6 HH): Max's Double Chocolate Melting Chunks, Bananas, and Roasted Marshmallows (1/2 portion). This was super rich, chocolatey and tasty in each bite. It was almost too much for me...overwhelming chocolate amazingness! I also tried the "Smores Concoction" which was mind blowingly good! Loved the milk chocolate mousse, but it was so rich that I started getting a headache LOL.. . Check it out if you need some serious diabetes training!. . A few pics of the goodies :
Food was very good! I split the Kobe burger and the Mac N Cheese with a friend because we had to try both. Both were great will you will be happy with either of them.  I did not order any of the deserts but some people in our group ordered Milkshakes and they LOVED them! Max Brenner is defiantly worth giving a shot!
This is the 2nd time I've ever been to Max Brenner located in the Forum Shops, but the first time was just for dessert. This time, I came back for dinner. . . I ordered the Black Sesame Salmon with the Wasabi Aioli. At first, I was undecided whether I wanted the fish tacos or the Black Sesame Salmon, but the waitress quickly convinced me to get the salmon because it was her favorite dish. When it came, the presentation was beautiful. The salmon came with sauteed veggies that tasted amazing, and the wasabi aioli was in a little ceramic cup on the plate. On the other side of the plate was a little beaker of soy sauce, which I think the plate didn't need, but it looked great anyway. THe fish itself was COVERED in black sesame (as in crusted), and you couldn't even see any inch of the fish from the top. The taste itself was SPOT on. The combination of the sesame and the awesome aioli really had an authentic and delicious taste to it. The wasabi aioli didn't really taste like wasabi or aioli, but a bit like honey mustard. That combined with the black sesame seeds really hit the spot. The only gripe I would have is that the salmon itself was a bit overdone and was hard and a bit more chewy. I really hope that they work on this because this dish was SO close to being perfect! . .  Service was great; super attentive and friendly. Would go back for the salmon *IF THEY WORK ON NOT OVERCOOKING IT!!!* :)
The food was excellent. I went there for Friday brunch around 11am. It wasn't too busy and got a seat at the bar area right away. There were still plenty of tables available too. They have tables that one side is a booth type of bench seat and the other are awkward wooden chairs. I saw a larger man sitting in one of the chairs who looked uncomfortable. Make sure you request a booth rather than a table that has only chairs. I ordered the B.L.A.T. ( bacon lettuce avacado and tomato ) sandwich. This was one of the best BLT sandwiches I have ever had. I love that put nice big chunks of avacado on the sandwich. The bacon was thick and cooked well. No skimping on ingredients here. Would defiantly come here again for lunch/brunch again.
You HAVE to try the hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake and their cheesy cheesy mac and cheese (add the chicken it's totally worth it). Friendly staff. Great atmosphere you can smell the chocolate from a 100 feet away.
It's like a real life Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory. It's sweets on top of sweets covered in rich chocolate sauce. A definite stop for sweet tooth fanatics.
Want to get chocolate wasted? Well this is the perfect place for that! This place was highly recommended by one of my best friends and I knew I had to pay a visit here. The shakes were on my mind as soon as we landed and that is exactly where we headed too. Going to Vegas during the summer was definitely not a great choice but we were in Vegas in a heat wave and all I've been thinking about was those damn Shakes! . . We headed straight to Max Brenner from picking up our rental and we were probably a few of the first customers there around 10ish. We ordered some breakfast omelets and they were so good and fulfilling. It was unique how they had bread with our meals and chocolate and white chocolate served as replacement for their butter. I ordered the Hang over omelet which came with bacon, onions and red peppers and side of potatoes and buttermilk biscuits. . . I didn't know much of this place until I got here but there was tons of humgous chocolate bars displayed around the restaurant. Some were fake though but we got to hold one of the bars and it was quite heavy and quite expensive. If I was a kid I would love love love this place because I would want to get everything in chocolate. And this place is the place for that with Chocolate pizza, waffles, cookies, crepes, Bagels, and even A Chocolate Burger!  And of course I had to order me a shake, the chocolate hazelnut milkshake. which came in their famous Alice Cup. It was so refreshing and the it was made just right not too sweet and overpowering.. . They also have a gift shop located to the right of the restaurant. I made sure I paid a visit there too so I could get my BFF a souvenir. I got here those Milkshake Mix with the infamous cups and she was so ecstatic about getting it. . . I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing shakes! . . Only reason it was short of a star was because of the prices, there was only 3 of us and my bill came out to $60.00 for breakfast and 2 shakes. Which is worth It but I wouldn't come here on a daily only because H&M is right across from them.
I really really wanted to give this place 5 stars but I think the Food Channel kinda over-hyped it for me, so I was somewhat disappointed that the famous chocolate pizza. . . I'm down to try this place again, the next time I go to the Forum Shops, but I don't think I'll get more than a milkshake (which is fantastic btw).. . Total Bill: $54. Party: my boyfriend and I. Dishes Ordered: Macaroni&cheese, chicken panini, 80's milkshake, chocolate pizza. Ambiance: Casual and Comfortable
I had been dying to try this place for quite sometime and when a girlfriend and I happened to be at Caesars shopping, we stopped here for some dinner.. . Not as big as I was expecting it to be, but at the same time it wasn't as busy either. Surprising, but I wasnt going to let that stop me. We sat down at our table and the menu was decent. A little bit of everything so you're sure to find something youll enjoy. Our waitress was friendly and nice, knowledgeable on the menu. I ended up ordering the burger and wow! It was really good. It came with an onion ring on it which seemed a little off, but was delicious! Sorry to say I enjoyed it SO MUCH MORE than the Hell Burger from BURGR (sorry ramsay!) The waffle fries are delish they just don't give you enough!!! POO :-( My girlfriend also got the burger, we both enjoyed it very much. We both got cocktails, she got something more fruity and I went with the Tiramisu. It Came with a cute little cookie, and very very good! They have these little vials that they put shots in, SO ADORABLE! I am a huge sucker for presentation and so far, Max Brenner you were wowing me!. . Dessert, we decided on the popsicle fondue, very original! BUTTTTTT.. no popsicles! What?! I was a little upset because we had our heart set on this, I really wish the waitress would've notified us ahead of time, but it's okay.. they were able to give us vanilla ice cream in waffle cones and we still managed to enjoy our fondue. Still delicious! Came with an assortment of melted chocolate, chocolate crunchies, and chopped nuts. All in all it was really good, the prices are a little more than usual but what can you expect eating in Caesars palace? Worth the drive, money and time!
Place is located in the Forum shopping inside of Caesars Palace. Located right across from the largest H&M in the world! Anyway, I can't help but try the place after reading all the reviews and having the hot chocolatey aroma seep into my olfactory system from at least 200 - 300 yards away. . . When I came here I knew I had to have both savory and sweet to satisfy my cravings. After all, I'm not in Vegas too often. . . For the savory, I ordered the chicken and goat cheese salad. The salad came with balsamic vinaigrette and was topped on a huge waffle.  The chicken and salad was decent, and the waffle was definitely a nice touch.. . For the sweet I ordered the banana split waffles. It came with crunchy caramelized rice crispy bits. Bananas were chocolatey and sweet. I would say the fruit itself was sweeter and stronger than the added chocolate and caramel, if the makes sense. This is a good thing. It means the dish isn't too sweet for most people.. . Of course, I was unable to finish the meal even with added help on the banana split waffles. This was essentially both my lunch and dinner.. . I also couldn't resist ordering an original hot chocolate with white chocolate. It was a bit too thick for me. Good thing it was comparably a small size to the other drinks. I couldn't take too much of it, but it was good.. . We had an informative friendly server. Nothing like good service at a restaurant. Makes you feel welcome and at home.. . Overall, I would say the food is decent, but all the chocolatey choices definitely make it a unique restaurant that I will definitely return to next time. I still have to try the chocolate pizza's and fondue.
Place has quality food and service yet is slow since I feel it is understaffed because staff works really fast despite slow speed
Oh Max Brenner, I know you're part of the problem when I gained 5 pounds haha. Located inside the forum shops in front of H&M. They have a very nice atmosphere all centered around chocolate. Their chocolate hazelnut shake is the best I've ever had and whenever I come to forum I pick one up so I can drink while I shop :) Some of their deserts are a little excessive but still delicious. I truly love their enormous chocolate chip cookies. I've ordered their food several times to-go when I worked at forum and I've also sat down to eat but only when the wait was a little long at cheesecake factory. Their food is alright, very basic but I do like their waffle fries. The seating area is a little small, make reservations if you're coming as a group. I would recommend coming here only for their deserts and sweets, not so much their food.
Huge menu.  So many ridiculously awesome things to try.. . We had the white chocolate covered french toast and white chocolate covered waffles.  Great , but not the best we have ever  tried.  The service was great and prices and serving sizes were okay.
Unexpectedly amazing breakfast. We shared the hangover omelet and had one regular cappuccino and one with chocolate in the kangaroo mug. Our friend had the white chocolate strawberry waffle. Both were decadent and delicious, but the highlight of each was the sauce. For the waffle it was a strawberry honey. For the sugar encrusted biscuit with the omelet, it was a melted chocolate sauce that is still making my mouth water. In fact, we are headed back there for breakfast again today and I may just buy enough chocolate to take home and melt in my bathtub.. . The only thing that wasn't especially impressive was the kangaroo cappuccino. It was cute but the chocolate ended up as clumps in the bottom of the cup. You might need to stir it a lot and that would ruin your foam. Good service, though, still 4 stars.
We came on a mellow Sunday morning with the full intent of having a breakfast and then some dessert.. . This was definitely a Willy Wonka experience for adults...though, with less of the fat German kid drinking from the fake brown water river that was supposed to be chocolate and more of a dessert wonderland feeling.. . It was sort of dead which I guess always puts a damper on the whole experience but things did pick up.  Inexplicably, they offered us a table behind the exterior menu board so we ate constantly with a shadow over us.  And I'm pretty sure we photobombed a bunch of people taking their pics with the menu board.. . It took a while to decide but I ordered a dark hot chocolate in their adorable hug mug and their scramble (one of the few savory breakfast items they have on their menu) while hubby went with their Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes.. . Our food was pretty darn awesome.  My scramble came with a large piece of baguette and along side it, a little crock each of butter and chocolate.  FOR MY PIECE OF BAGUETTE.  How sinful is that??  I'm not going to lie - butter and choco sauce on bread is to die for.  Wow.  . . Hubby's pancakes were also probably (we both agreed but he said it first because he took the first few bites) the best pancakes we'd ever had.  It was topped with fried bananas and served with a white chocolate and milk chocolate sauce.  The pancakes didn't appear chocolately but they were still delicious.  . . In the end, we skipped dessert because hubby's pancakes were dessert enough (I had about 1/4 of that bad boy).  Service was nice and perfectly attentive.
Came here for breakfast with my sissy. I ordered their guilt free omelette while she got their killer breakfast skillet. My omelette came with potatoes and a biscuit. The omelette itself was just okay, the eggs were overcooked and dry. The sides were all delicious though. My sister loved her breakfast skillet. We both also loved the bread that came with our dish since it tasted so good with their chocolate sauce. The portions were also very generous.. . Afterwards, we ordered their fondue set for 2 and it was amazing. Every item was delish. No complaints. . . I'm just sad that we were too full to order a dessert pizza, so hopefully next time.
Chocolate-hazelnut milkshake was possibly the best shake I've ever had. Also had the mac-and-cheese. It was pretty good, too, but not rock-my-world good. Service was efficient and friendly.
The salted caramel hot chocolate was SOOOOO decadent. I have never tasted anything so rich... which means it's probably bad for my waistline :( It's really good but so thick and creamy, just a little too much for me. Their desserts looked also good but a little pricey; might come back to try them next time!
This meal was worth cheating on my diet.  I ordered the 5 Cheese Mac and Cheese with bacon minus thetomato.  It is baked and served in a skillet.  It was such a large portion my husband and I could have shared it.  When it came out the top had a nice crust of crispy parmesan cheese on it.  It came with a side of delicious marinara sauce.  It was a little skillet of cheesy heaven.. . Somehow we made room for a Chocolate Hazelnut shake in one of their signature Alice glasses.  It was good but we didn't really find the hazelnut flavor until we got the bottom of the shake.. . The reason for the 4 star review instead of 5 stars really hinged on our server.  There were many times that our glasses were empty and he was too busy talking to another server to notice.  He actually walked to the table next to us and walked away without noticing that we had empty glasses.  We tried getting his attention unsuccessfully but thankfully another server noticed and brought us refills.   Unfortunately this happened more than once and we wished we had been able to give her the tip instead of him.. . The food was so delicious that we wouldn't let this deter us from returning, we'll just request not to have him as a server.
Food was great. Portions were perfect - not too big or too small. It was slightly pricey, but that is to be expected on the Strip. Service was a little slow, we ordered one of the pancake selections as an appetizer to share before our actual meal, but it came out with the rest of the food. but the server was friendly. Also, I was with a table of 10, and 1/2 of us got food about 5-10 min before the other half. Not a huge deal, but it was so empty it didn't seem necessary. I did enjoy the food. There are so many options, it is hard decide what to order. I LOVED the hot milk chocolate with marshmallows!! I would go back just for that!! I even bought one of the Hug Mugs from the gift shop. Overall, I give it an A-.
What's better than a restaurant with hot chocolate for brunch on a Saturday morning? I'm a sucker for BLT's so I didn't even have to think twice about trying their BALT. I also had the apple white chocolate french toast and a italian hot chocolate.. . Everything was really flavorful. The hot chocolate was too sweet for me and the waffle fries were a bit too salty. It might be the old Asian lady tastes my mother has instilled in me. Everything was still good since I'd rather have it be seasoned than have it be bland.. . Our waitress was super friendly which always adds to the experience of good food. They had samples of their chocolate covered caramelized pecans. It didn't look that attractive but it was really good.. . Overall, the experience made the visit great. I wouldn't say that I am dying come back but I wouldn't mind. The food was a solid 3 stars but the service bumps it up.
I am in LOVE with this place. A chocolate lover's dream! We did need to eat real food prior to indulging in their chocolate selections, so I ordered a Deep Bleu Cobb Salad that was perfectly delicious. My boyfriend ordered the mac and cheese....THE BEST mac and cheese we have eaten! (We are mac and cheese snobs). Served sizzling in a hot skillet with bacon, it took all of me to stop from eating all of it. Had to save room for dessert which I ordered the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and Shake. The chocolate shake -- to die for! The perfect portions of chocolate and cold vanilla ice cream. The chocolate shake that came with it was perfectly malty and refreshing. Can I go back now?
An excellent place for desserts, hot chocolate, & milkshakes. Go with a big party and have everyone order a different dessert because there's so much to try. This is definitely a place to revisit!
Wait time was 20 mins but ended up waiting 30mins. the front reception had 3 people checking and seating people and was very unorganised. They said they called our phone that our table was ready but we never gave our number we had told them we would stand right there by the entrance the whole time. lady with boofy hair didnt even apologise. anyways once we got seated the waitress and chef and food made us a lot happier. Food was amazing! Chocolate fondue was so good it was coma inducing! Sunday pasta was delicious Mexican hot chocolate was different and delicious.
MMmm stopped with stellar group of gals...for late night after long convention .  It seems chocolate was a common attracter..that said, the menu was a little odd.  I ordered a salted caramel drink, thinking it would be hot, but server brought out a cold version....freebie for the table to sample (not fond of cold, makes my brain freeze)  Salt ended up being just the ticket.
Great place and fairly reasonable for the Forum Shops. Try the Sharing Fondue for Two...awesome!
Definitely for chocolate lovers! We ordered the "Sharing for Two" fondue and it was very delicious! Our favorite was the banana tempura and homemade chocolate bark. . . Sugar alert but chocolate lovers unite! :)
Food is yummy and reasonably priced... and service does the trick, but could be better.... . the biscuit and chocolate ganache is the BUSINESS.
went here from a friends tip. WOW! shakes were so perfect , i had to have 2!. my girlfriend had a chocolate martini, it was very tasty.  also had the sliders, not bad.. great place for a sugar rush.. or after lunch or dinner.
Came here with my boyfriend for some yummy chocolatey dessert, and we we had the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake. Let me tell you, that was amazing! Ahhh. The chocolate was so rich, but everything balanced so well. Even though it seems small, do not underestimate it! This dessert is definitely good for 2 people. Because of the rich flavor, I don't think I'd be able to finish it all on my own. I would come back and get this again, we both loved it! Oh, and make sure you also get a glass of milk! . . The only reason why it I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service was so slow -_-. We were ready to order and the workers would keep passing by like they don't see that we're ready. Also, at the end, we waited forever for our checks, and forever to get our card back... the service just irritated me so bad. . . Other than the service, the dessert we had was yummmmmy!! :)
I just went in to look around and ended up leaving with $40 worth of goodies. While I did not eat there I would say that for getting some great indulgence food, this place is great. I am pretty fussy when it comes to chocolate and don't really eat a lot of it, this however is really good.
Came here twice in one weekend! The first time for dinner, I had the mac and cheese. It's pretty incredible.My boyfriend ordered the pillow steak panini. . .  I am a bit of a mac and cheese snob, where my boyfriend swears by Kraft. When my order came out he was all over it. His pillow panini was delicious as well, the meat cooked perfectly and the waffles fries went amazing with the aoli sauce that it came with. His only complaint was that the bread was a bit thick (hence pillow) and it was crispy all the way through, where he though pillow meant crunchy outside and soft on the inside.. . The mac and cheese was perfection! Creamy enough, crunchy a bit because of the bread crumbs and the bacon bits were the perfect touch! It also comes with a marinara sauce on the side, which I've never thought to put with mac and cheese but it was the perfect combination. It was having two types of pasta in one dish!. . The second time we were here, we came just for dessert (we were too full the first time). We came with five people total and ordered three things. The fondue for two, the chocolate heart cake and shake, and the churros. The fondue for two was the perfect amount of everything, we had the milk chocolate option, it came with super moist banana nut bread, fried bananas, strawberries, ice cream, chocolate wafers, regular bananas and marshmallows. The finishing touch was the open flame that you got to roast your marshmallows over. . . The churros were awesome as well. You could definitely tell that the churros were made in house, it came with caramel sauce, milk chocolate sauce AND raspberry sauce.. . Lastly was the heart cake and shake. This is where the minus star comes from. The cake was a lava cake of sorts, but it was incredibly dry. We each had a bite, and we just pretty much left the rest. The shake was super cute and perfect for one person to take a sip from. The best part was the chocolate sauce that was in the shake. It's meant to be used over the cake, but we ended up using it on just about everything! . . Overall we were chocolate wasted and needed naps after everything!
OOF. Chocolate: good! Pure chocolate granita: good! Fondue for two: good!. . Can you get a lot of sweet crammed into one dining experience? You absolutely can. Can you pick a dish that's good to share? You bet. Can you also get savory items, if you're so inclined? Apparently, though we did not get a chance to sample anything savory.. . We were crazy enough to think, "Hey - I'm feeling a bit overly stuffed, but wouldn't something sweet be GOOD right about now?" . . We're masochistic. Or crazy. Or overly-ambitious. Or maybe all three. . . At any rate, we ended up at Max Brenner's cute little establishment kind of late on a Friday night. We got a table for three on the "patio" right away, and squabbled over which kind of fondue platter we'd order. I was drawn to one of the ice cream fondue creations (because, really - how can you go wrong with ice cream?) while the other two were listing off the virtues of ordering the fondue for two.. . I finally relented, and we ordered the fondue for two (even though we were sharing it amongst the three of us), with dark and milk chocolates. The menu said that the fondue would come with things like tempura bananas, chocolate sponge cake, waffles and choco-pops. In reality, we got banana slices, strawberries, marshmallows and a couple pieces of banana bread, with an extra container of caramel sauce.. . I guess they were improvising at that point. . . Everything was delectable, though I wanted to try the waffle pieces. I was surprised by how rich and smooth the chocolate sauces were. You expect the chocolate to be delicious, but everything was so silky and shiny - it was perfectly tempered and so cutely displayed!. . Our waiter got extra points for putting up with us, and sharing some of our jokes. It takes a special personality to handle us sometimes, believe me.. . I would have liked to have gone back to try the savory items, and maybe give the spicy hot chocolate a go, but the timing didn't work out. It's definitely on my list for our next Vegas visit, though.
First and foremost, the popsicle fondue was awesome.  Having the freedom to dip my vanilla popsicle into milk chocolate, choco pops and butterscotch chunks was fun, not to mention it was delicious.  You need to be a chocolate fan to come here.  I had the turkey club which came with fries that were dusted with chili and choco powder.  Ordered the onion rings, which came with a choco ranch dipping sauce.  Bought some truffles on my way out.  I'm knocking them down a bit for their service.  We ordered the waffle turkey club but our waiter ordered the basic club instead.  The club was good, but wanted to try the waffles.  Also, our waiter wasn't as attentive as I would  have expected.  However, our food was delicious.
If you like chocolate, come to Max Brenner. . . The menu consists of hot chocolate, drinks with chocolate, food with chocolate, and comfort food. . . I recommend the salted caramel hot chocolate, the cocoa and chili dusted waffle fries, and the white corn croquettes. I thought the mac n cheese was ok. . . Service was great both times I came here and I would recommend it.
It's not the most masculine place to go for Happy Hour & drinks, but it works. Their HH drinks are pretty good, especially the Satisfaction Giaranteed & the "Intoxicaked". Mojitos were good too. . . For HH food, found the chicken sliders VERY GOOD. Have eaten their croquets - they were fairly good. Next time I'll save room for their burger & cheesesteak sliders.... . Went at 9pm on a Tuesday and had the bar to ourselves.
The hazelnut milk shake definitely hits the spot, but they took out my favorite grilled salmon sandwich which was the bomb!
in sin city and tired of the typical buffet but not quite sure where to eat good food? well, you're on the right yelp business page by reading this review. look no further, because this should be your next destination. . . ordered:. *tutti frutti waffle - as our dessert. $13.95. it came with mixed berries, crumbled vanilla ice cream, milk chocolate ganache and choco-pop. Yummy! I love waffles and the tutti frutti was a perfect balance between sweet and fruity. The choco-pop was a nice addition. I would highly recommend this if you're a waffle lover. . *the best B.A.L.T. which really is the avocado BLT- which was a little confusing because we thought it was going to be a burger with avocado BLT. However nevertheless it was very delicious it came with a side of waffle fries that is dusted with chili and cocoa powder. The waffle fries side is quite small so if you're sharing I would recommend ordering another side of waffle fries because they're just that good. $14.75. you think for almost 15 bucks i'll get a piece of meat. But everything was fresh and the bacon was thick.  . . . tips: . *You can make reservations on OpenTable. . *indoor and outdoor seating. Inside might be a little bit loud. . *located inside the forum. . *They have a little chocolate type of store and they give free samples. . *They have cool looking coffee machines. . *Cash and credit card accepted. . *Happy Hour is from 3-6pm.. . overall, Staff are really nice and attentive. The really encourage you to read the story behind Max Brenner.  Now when my girlfriend and I asked the waitress what would she recommend to eat... it was really hard because she recommended everything she informed us that she gained a lot of weight working there because everything tastes so good. So that totally didn't help us decide. we had a very difficult time because we wanted two get two items and half it so we'll be able to try both items. I definitely loved the food, atmosphere, and service here at Max Brenner and will definitely comeback especially for the waffles. There's more items on the menu that I wanna try.  Two thumbs up!
My boyfriend is an absolute chocolate lover.. and we LOVE their chocolate, especially the chocolate sauce that goes well with their biscuit and their OMG cookies which are to die for. I personally like the dark chocolate ones but you really can't go wrong. I sometimes miss Vegas just for this cookie and whenever I'm in town I make it a mission to stop by Max Brenner's for some delicious chocolate. We Love Max Brenner's!
This place was recommended to me by a friend. Everyone usually raves about Serendipity, but I think it's a little overhyped. I thought I'd give this place a try. Who doesn't love chocolate?!. . This was our first stop in Vegas. We were hungry after a long drive, and I made reservations so we wouldn't have to wait for a table. This place is located in Forum Shops mall next to Caesar's. It's close to H&M and Cheesecake Factory. . . This place reminds me of Willy Wonka but for chocolate. CHOCOLATE EVERYTHING! . . Hubs and I shared our food. We got:. . + The Brenner Burger. + Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes. + Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate with chocolate wafer balls. . The burger was better than I expected. It was juicy and flavorful. We really liked their BBQ sauce. Is it homemade? So good!! Those pancakes were definitely illegal. So much chocolate!! I loved the caramelized bananas. Mmmm~ For the hot chocolate, we wanted to try something unique and out of our comfort zone. It was delish and not too spicy at all. The hug mug is cute. . . I would definitely recommend this place.
My friends and I hit Max Brenner for dinner before heading over to Absinthe last year. We were looking for a moderately priced dinner option as we were all watching our wallets to balance out the shopping and shows :) My friend raved about the restaurant, so away we went. We had a great time, and the food was fantastic. The perfect lead in to a great night. . . Fast forward a year later, we are back in Vegas and have put this on our list for a must stop. We had lunch there yesterday, and we honestly were not at our best. We both seem to have picked up a bad cold and were fighting the symptoms. But determined to enjoy our vacation, we were going to go shopping and have a great lunch. Not wanting to splurge on crazy cocktails or $6 beers, I asked if there was any way I could get a Hot Toddy as I thought it would be the perfect tool to help in my fight against my headache and sore throat. She said they could absolutely make one for us, and would just charge for the tea ($1.95) and the shot (we went with brandy for $3.95). My friend ordered one too and we were delighted when we were both presented with the lovely pallets that were our drinks. A wooden board with a glass of hot water, tea bag, honey and a beaker with the shot so we could customize our drink. And we each got a powder sugar topped lady finger to complete the beautiful presentation. I was truly surprised at the effort that was put in for our simple request. . . I ordered the cobb salad and my friend had an omelet with side salad, both were very tasty. And while I enjoyed the food, it was the service that really made the experience grand. They were just so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure we had a lovely time (even explaining how to make one of the salads that had been taken off the menu that my friend had been looking forward to ordering). Our server even gave us some great recommendations on things to do on Fremont St and when we mentioned wanting to get a small piece of chocolate to end the meal, she gave us a coupon to the gift shop and a few recommendations. . . It was such a lovely dining experience that had us feeling far better than when we arrived. I think we will always make it a point to have a meal here when we are in town!
Visit: Nov 27, 2013:. Sat at a table for 2 on the "outside patio"... enjoyed the friendly staff, a good drink selection and great food menu with reasonable prices for "the forum".  This was my 2nd visit and will probably visit again when in Vegas - thanks Max Brenner
Tried Max Brenner after seeing it recommended in my Frommer's Guide to Las Vegas. The Italian Hot Chocolate is wonderfully thick & creamy, very much like a thin fondue. (Ended up ordering a second cup!) Cheeseburger was very good, waffle fries also yummy. Prices expensive, but comparable to every place else we've tried along the strip. Dessert menu is bigger than the dinner menu, so if you've got PMS, it's a great choice.
A unique and fun experience, especially if you stop by for their happy hour after 9 p.m. where you can try out a fair number of items for a special price.  I had the Chocolate Martini - which was amazing - and my fiancee had the White Russian, which he really enjoyed (so much we both had another round of our chosen drinks).  . . We tried the dessert pizza, the banana dippers with two different sauces and the white corn croquettes.  All of these choices were great options, and I recommend trying each one - and the happy hour prices made it easy to try a little of everything without breaking the bank!. . Overall: A. Will definitely go back again when in town.
Food = good. . Desserts = awesome! . .     Walked by this place in the Caesars palace mall.  Tried it and liked it a lot.  Wish I would have had the hot coco.  Maybe next time.
My husband wasn't thrilled with his crepe, but I had the chocolately Pancakes. Which were delicious, a little sweet, but very good!! My sis had the Mexican omelette, But needed more spice on the salsa. Otherwise, good! I definitely recommend the desserts and chocolate drinks!
Mmmmmmmmm... satisfied MY sweet tooth.. . Okay I have a confession to make, I am a chocoholic. In all seriousness, if you left a pitcher of straight up chocolate fudge out, I would drink it all. (It is sad how little self control I have.). . So my mom and I ordered the melting heart cake and shake after much debating. Since they made the mistake of letting me have my own pitcher of amazing fudge sauce to pour on the brownie, I ended up eating half of that delicious sauce with my spoon. I wisely decided to put the other half on the cake. Smart idea, considering the fact that the cake itself didn't actually have that much chocolate flavor and was a little dry.. . Now the chocolate shake, that little bugger was good. Served in a little cup and topped with a pile of whipped cream taller than the cup itself...pure heaven.. . Overall, presentation of food was cute, but I would recommend the drinks over thefood.
The only reason they get 4 stars is because of the horrible hostess' attitude. I called and asked a question about their location and she snapped at me and gave me a smart response. When we arrived, I could tell it was the same girl that took the call because the snarkiness continued. I mean, SERIOUSLY?! You work in a service industry, act right! . . Our waitress made up for the hostess with her wonderfu personality and charm. She even gave us the "hug mug" schpeel with the "warm your heart" bit at the end. I mean this was my first time and I really wanted to feel like it. My BF did not allow my to write on the receipt to keep the whole tip and not tip out the hostess who clearly didn't deserve a single bit of my money. . . The food was spectacular and everything came with a side of chocolate =-). The hot white apple chocolate was to die for. I've thought about it every day since then. I can't wait to go back. I had French Toast and it was amazing. I really want to make this one of my regular spots while in Vegas!
All I had here was the AMAZING thick Italian hot chocolate in the dark chocolate variety, and it was splendid. Very chocolatey, very rich....I would get it again and would suggest you get it too!
