Excellent room for the price. Great property with good options for dining & entertainment. Be sure to go to Isla's for happy hour and their awesome $5 margaritas. Location at the center of the strip cannot be beat.
Would stay again, since I had a great deal for this hotel! TI meets its expectations as a 4 star, for an actual AAA Four Diamond rating.. . It's conveniently located next to Fashion Show Mall and across from the Venetian which there's a bridge you can cross through. The casino itself was average in size, but it was laid back for a hotel compared to crowded areas like Planet Hollywood. What I like about TI is how they divide up the elevators based on which floor your room is at, which is so much faster and simple. I must agree with other Yelpers that their beds are really comfortable to sleep in. Since my trip was during winter, turning up the heater at its highest wasn't warm enough so I had to call room service for extra blankets. The room was nice and clean, which meets its expectations of a 4 star hotel.. . There were some things that disappointed my stay at TI, but I'm sure it could be better for my next stay in the future. We were placed all the way at the end of the floor, but somebody has to stay there, right? So I'm not gonna complain about that since we were placed right next to the Emergency Exit if anything happens. There were no alarm clocks, so we had to rely on looking at our cell phones for the time. Every time we use the sink, there would be some odd smell coming out from it, so it needs some plumbing work. The resort fee is about $22, so we made our money's worth by using the internet. However, the channels are limited to just mainly news channel and some international channels. I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you have kids with you because TI is mainly for adults. Overall, we were satisfied with our stay at the TI because those problems can be fixed and wouldn't mind giving TI another try.
more like 3 1/2 stars. this hotel has come a long way....they remodeled all the rooms, which was very clean, modern, and comfy. it was only $69 a night b/c I got a deal. It is only a 5 min walk to the Wynn, which wasgreat b/c they have great food there. . . The bad thing bout TI is that all the food in this hotel sucks.
For a name that sounds like a childrens' theme park, this place is very nice. They can do without the show, because their hotel is nice. Our room was very fancy and economic and was confortable. If it wasn't laid out like any other confusing Vegas hotel, It probably would have a perfect score.
Would be a 5 star resort if they were closer to all the more exciting resorts.  They are very close to shopping so that's a plus.  Their rooms were comfortable but they just lacked a refrigerator.  It would be nice to keep my drinks cold while playing cards downstairs.  The restaurants in TI isn't good so we always end up walking to other hotels to eat.  Service is good.  Sucks that they have a $20 resort fee and they offer nothing for it.
This hotel is probably better for its location than anything else, but it's also a nice place to stay. It's on the West side of the Strip in between the Mirage and the Fashion Show Mall and directly across from the Venetian and the Palazzo, so you're pretty close to TAO (Venetian) and XS (Encore). if you're planning on hitting up the clubs. . . I stayed here last April with a big group for our friends' 22nd birthday, so we all packed into one of their suites. The room was pretty nice and very clean, but it wasn't incredibly special. They usually have pretty good rates here even on weekends, so if you want to stay somewhere nice but not necessarily go all out then this is a happy medium. But if you can find a room at the Venetian for only $30-40 more a night, it's probably just worth upgrading and booking a room across the street.. . This hotel has my favorite casino because they have this Gold Fish slot machine that's really fun to play. I've never won much money on it, but I like it.. . Don't forget to catch their "Sirens of T.I." show, it's pretty hokey but it's one of the many free things to do on the Strip.
More like a 3.5...but I'll be nice.. . Not going to lie...but the last time I stayed at this hotel was probably in like 1992...and I remember it being pirate themed.. . I guess these days Treasure Island (or apparently TI as they liked to be called) is steering clear or swash buckling pirates and moving into swanky siren territory. I, on the other hand, want more people dressed up with peg legs and hooks for hands.. . The hotel rooms are smaller than say Venetian or Bellagio, but decorated pretty nicely. If you've stayed at the Mirage it pretty much has the same exact feel. I do have a problem with the size of the TVs though. They are WAYYY smaller than the other hotels I've stayed at.. . As for location...well that's probably why I took off 1 star. Its pretty much on the end of the strip (close to Wynn and Venetian) so walking everywhere will be difficult especially in summer time.. . I do recommend this place if your party scene is going to be either Tao, Surrender, XS, Lavo, or Jet and you can't afford the nicer hotels.
I paid $75 a night from hotels.com.  It was a bargain.  I had no view but the room felt awesome.  Their mattress & pillows are so awesome that they can sell them to you new if you wanted to buy them for your home.
stayed here in december and i was impressed.  i know ti is older compared to some of the other resorts on the strip, but it was a good price and had some entertaining things going on.  . . when we checked in, the line was super long, but they had like 6 reps working the tables, so we got through pretty quick.  also got a free upgrade to a top floor room with a view of the strip overlooking the sirens of ti show.  i thought, oh snap, but then saw that the show was closed for maintenance.  bwa bwer (imagine in trumpet sound).. . the room was clean, the staff was friendly and the price was good.  no complaints from me.
I have to admit, I was skeptical about this hotel because it is one of the older hotels on the Strip, but after staying here for NYE 2011, I would say that I'm a fan and I would stay here again.  I'll put this review in bullet points:. . PROS:. - Easy access!  Getting on and off the freeway was easy.  Finding parking on NYE afternoon waseasy.  Finding the way through the casino was easy.  Getting our luggage to the room on our own was very easy (no maze, no long walk, no lugging your bags through a mall, then a parking lot, then ten casino rooms etc).  We went from the parking garage to our room within 5 minutes easily.  And most importantly, access the the Strip was fast and easy.  If you forgot something in your room and had just walked out the Strip, it wasn't a big deal to go back and get it.. . - The Tram to the Mirage: a nice bonus in cold or hot weather.  It was nice to be able to have a tram to go to another hotel without walking a mile or two to get there.. . - The rooms: UPDATED and CLEAN.  Even on NYE and the day after, house cleaning was prompt, thorough, and quick.  Upon arrival, our room was clean, the bed was clean, the bathroom was clean, and it was comfortable.  The towels had a bit of a bleach smell, but at least you knew they were getting clean instead of having a BO smell, right?  No complaints about cleanliness here.. . - Customer Service: We got to the hotel on NYE two hours before check-in and went to the front desk to see if we could check-in early.  And guess what, it wasn't a problem at all.  The lady working at the front desk was polite and very helpful.  We requested a higher level floor and she put us on the 31st floor and then said it would be easier for us because it was the first floor on an express elevator so we wouldn't have to wait for it to go to a bunch of other floors to get to ours.  How nice of her!!. . - Location: Beside just easy access to the Strip or the freeway, it has a walkway to the Fashion Show Mall next door and a tram to the Mirage on the other side.  Walking across the street wasn't a problem at all.  There isn't a maze to get into the casino like there is at others.  It's at a GREAT location on the Strip, especially for the price.. . CONS:. . -Casino Smoke: This is a given though in ALL casinos in Las Vegas, but I think since it's a bit older of a hotel, the smoke has just been in the carpets too long, so you can smell the smoke a bit more here than in say a brand new casino, but it was never unbearable.  The room wasn't smoky at all and was a nice get-a-way from the smoke.. . - No refrigerator or microwave in the standard rooms.
I had a great time at this Resort!  The rooms are actually really nice ( I am a 4 star always kind of girl) and enjoyed the accomodations!  Even checked out really late with no hassle or charge.  That made up for the lame $20 "resort fee" added to my great deal through Travelocity.com.  Still worth it!  Nice staff and helpful.  Long line to check in though:/
I would go with 3 stars but they have animal attractions that can be great for kids so i bumped it up. We went to see the dolphins but the line was huge and I had just seen the documentary "The Cove" a couple weeks ago so i was feeling like a jerk for wanting to see dolphins. Anyway nice place and really cool pirate ships and gift shop. My little boy loves pirates so he was blown away and he loaded up on pirate booty at the gift shop. I hear the pirate show is cool at night but that it shows to much of the lady pirates booties in skimpy clothes so we couldn't go by with our 5 year old. but we drove by and the fire and volcano and show looked great from the car.
You know what I love about the TI.........and you can call me CRAZY, the parking garage is the SPOT!!!  . GREAT VIEW!  No wait, it's a SICK VIEW!  . And besides that, the TI is central to so many things.  When you're struggling to find a spot at the Fashion Show or the Venetian, you should have parked at the TI.. Take my word for it next time and give it a try, you'll understand what I'm saying!  :)
Pirates! . . Seriously, arrrrrrrr!!!!
TI has a way to keep me coming back for more. Perhaps it's the comped rooms, free gaming chips, and free dining credits. Or it's the good luck streak I've had at the tables, especially with my favorite black jack dealer, Terry. Or maybe even because it's situated on the most happenin' end of the strip. What ever it maybe be, this is my go-to spot.. . Even if my TI Players Card didn't get me VIP treatment, it's one of the most reasonably priced hotels in a city that will rob you shamelessly. The pool is nothing spectacular here, but I don't mind the company of a raspberry mango margarita from Kahunaville served poolside. I'm not a fan of most of the dining venues in this hotel, but the buffet is surprisingly not half bad if you're looking for an affordable lunch. (Best part is, they serve cotton candy for dessert!) The newly remodeled rooms are sleek and the beds are extremely comfortable. Though TI's a bit more old fashioned than the recent luxurious additions to the strip, it's a wonderful place to stay, especially when you're playing with a tight budget.. . If you're just in town looking for a place to sleep and nothing more, this is the perfect place for that. If you want all the extra fluff, consider staying across the street at the Wynn if your wallets permit.
This review is for the petite suite at TI. My girls and I stayed here two months ago and LOVEDthe room. Not only was the room super spacious and clean it has two bathrooms. Yes, ladies, TWO! one with a whirlpool tub and the other with a shower. Genius, pure genius! After a long night out, we turned on the tub and soaked our sore feet. This place is perfect for four girls who take forever to get ready (haha, no fighting over the mirror or vanity space). As for the hotel staff, the front desk was a bit slow, it took us a long time to check-in (over thirty minutes) and the food selection was mediocre. We ended up venturing out for food anyway so that was a non-issue for us. The casino is decent, the limits averaged about $15 for table games. This hotel is also very close to the Fashion Show Mall which was a PLUS PLUS for the ladies. Also has a Starbucks, yah!
My friends & I had made reservations at Circus Circus.  After reading some reviews & talking to Vegas veterans, we changed to TI.  It's in the middle of everything and so much nicer than what I expected.  The room size was perfect for the four of us and the bathroom was huge.  Perfect location for almost everything we wanted to do.
Despite the years it has on other hotels in its immediate area, TI is probably one of my favorite hotels to stay in.. . Pros:. -Deals! All the time. Sign up for their e-mails or constantly check the website. It's super affordable (especially if you're going with friends and are splitting the cost). The last time I went it was about $70 a night.. -Great location: near almost all the schnazzy places on the strip. Right across the way is the Venetian/Palazzo and the Wynn/Encore. You're also right next to Fashion Show Mall. You can walk out of TI and be surrounded by a bunch of hip things; it's awesome.. -HAND DOWN THE BEST BED I'VE SLEPT IN. I've been to other "nicer" hotels on the strip, and TI's beds make you feel like you're sleeping on a bed of marshmallows (but not sticky). The pillows are great too. The rooms overall are decent, and the bathroom is average in terms of amenities. There's a flat screen TV with a good amount of channels.. -Gambling: Lots of slot machines. -Good service from housekeeping and staff in the casino/concierge.. -Pirate show!. . Cons:. -Doesn't have super fancy areas within the hotel like the Bellagio or the Wynn does (nope, no waterfalls, sorry).. -It holds one of the older (and in my opinion, less intriguing) Cirque shows. But hey, you can even get a great deal on the show for staying in TI, so it's all good.. . I just really like this place. Maybe it's because after a long day of being in Vegas it's nice to fall asleep on something that feels like my own bed at home.
Living in LA, Vegas is an automatic vacation choice when we need to get out of town for a weekend.. . Treasure Island is one of the older properties in Las Vegas, and definitely is eclipsed by some of the more luxurious (and pricier) resorts on the strip, but it has become by go-to hotel for every Vegas visit.. . The pros:. . LOCATION! Right in the heart of all the strip action, across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, Venetian, Wynn, and lots more. The tram to the Mirage is convenient when you're too hungover or hot/cold to bear walking a few blocks outside. TI's also right off the Spring Mountain exit on the 15 so no battling strip traffic as you get into town.. . Rooms are comfortable, although not 5-star. Then again, how much time do you spend in your room? The beds are beyond comfortable, and king-bed rooms have an iPod dock which is essential for pre-partying.. . PRICE! One of the consistently best deals. For weekend we pay a little over $100 a night, and the rates can get as low as the $60s on the weekdays. For the location and amenities, it can't be beat!. . The cons:. RESORT FEE! I HATE the $22+ resort fee they charge, especially since I can guarantee I will not use the fitness center, business center, or any of the other "resort amenities" it pays for. Internet is still for a fee, and the pool has short hours, so I can never justify this! Luckily, we stay often enough to where the occasional $20 off coupon is gifted for our next stay, which makes the resort fee more bearable.. . SELECTION of restaurants is sub-par, but then again, you're at the center of the strip and close to everything!. The TVs in the room have really crappy channel selections, but then again, I use it more for background noise and watching Friends re-runs at 4 AM.. . . All in all, I will keep going to TI for the value and convenience-- such a consistently good deal will keep me coming back! The check-in servce has always been amazing also--we've gotten free upgrades to strip-view rooms without even asking!. If you're on a budget and don't expect 5-star Wynn-quality accommodations, definitely check out TI. It has enough shadiness to make it really feel like Vegas, but is spruced up enough to make you feel comfortable. Win-win!
My second time at this hotel and I love it.  I think mainly because its in the middle of the strip.  I mean, its not your hip and modern hotel, but it's pretty decent.. . Walgreens is just across the street so it makes everything even better.. They just need better bars and restaurants though.
Great for the price we paid, which was indecently low, but this place gets pricier during peak season and I think at it's normal prices it's not really worth it.. . The rooms were clean and decently sized but didn't have a fridge.  I really don't have any complains otherwise.  The hallways smelled nice, like sandalwood or something.  Can't comment on the pool as it wasn't open and it was winter so I wouldn't have gone anyway.. . The big problem was the service.  They gave us the wrong room.  They told us they were giving us a two queen room at the desk and we ended up with a single king bed.  Then one night coming back, they turned the water off on our floor without telling us and we had to wait half an hour before taking a shower (not pleasant after a night of clubbing).  They also screwed up our wireless internet account and we had to call the front desk fix it (thankfully they did).  Overall, they seemed a little disorganized in general.  They even forgot to charge us resort fees (of course, not complaining about that...).. . That's kind of a lot of complaints for a 4 star review, but in the end the problems were minimal considering how little I paid (worked out to about $33 per person for two nights).  But again, it does get pricier during summer.  And I wouldn't bank on them forgetting the resort fees either.  But I wouldn't mind coming back during the off season again given the excellent location (right across from the Venetian, Palazzo and Wynn towers).
Pretty nice hotel in the middle of the strip. Our company always books us there when we are exhibiting at the convention center. It's just a bridge walk over.  Facilities are nice, lots of great restaurants inside, access to a really nice gym. The gym has individual TV's, water bottles and fruit, which is awesome.  Only downside is the $22 resort fee per day.  If they are going to charge that for internet and gym access, I'd much rather pay the extra money to stay at the Pallazzo or Ventian, but it's all good.
I got a 50% off deal from priceline that took off a lot of taxes and fees for this hotel. We got the Deluxe room with the strip view for 2 nights for about $390 and it was money well spent.. . The room was pretty nice, it wasn't anything super fantastic and there were enough accommodation for 5 girls. It was clean but nothing fancy, but that wasn't a big deal because we didn't stay in the room too often. . . I would recommend this hotel for partyers on a budget :) it's a great hotel for enough luxury for a good price.. . Oh and if you're wondering, yes I did get wasted. And the week was epic. :)
I've never stayed at Treasure Island, but with the decline of Luxor, I need a new spot and this might be it. The rooms were not expensive at all, so I kind of thought they might be really old/outdated, but they weren't! The food options were kind of lacking, or maybe I didn't really pay attention. I'm slightly embarressed to admit this (because who works out on vacation), but we used the awesome gym. There were tv's on the treadmills. TV'S ON EACH TREADMILL! Yes, I could watch what I wanted (or plug my ipod in and watch videos) and workout. I went during winter, so we didn't use the pool. And I do have to say that late night food options were a little lacking, but whatever.
We recently held a company event here and honestly I was nervous after reading all the awful reviews! I'm happy to report the TI is actually pretty great. We had a few communication issues with them when we were setting the event up, but everything went off without a hitch!. . *The location of the TI is freaking awesome. Fashion Show Mall, Palazzo, Wynn, etc, are all right across the street. . *Our conference food was surprisingly good for hotel food. I set the bar pretty low for these events, and I can honestly say the food was better than food I've been served at corporate events at Caesars, Paris, Mirage, and the M Resort to name a few. Everything from the pasta with brown butter sauce to the key lime tarts for dessert was well priced and well executed. . *The spa was FABULOUS. Separate review, but I'll note here that the staff rocked and everyone loved the treatments. . *The rooms wereactually pretty great. They are all recently renovated and pretty. The beds were comfy. Much nicer rooms than the Mirage next door. . . Overall this place exceeded my expectations. Our room rates were a reasonable $59. Their conference rates were decent (for being on the strip) and I had no major issues whatsoever with staff or service. The bad reviews confuse me - what do you expect for a sub $100 hotel room??
For my first trip to LV, TI is where myself and two friends stayed. I didn't care for the location being that it was toward the end of the North of the LV Strip. Other than that TI is highly recommended if you want to lodge comfortably for a reasonable price. The atmosphere was very un-pretencious which is always a big plus. My fav part of TI believe it or not was the bed. Seriously one of the most comfortable beds that I've ever been in.
I really liked their hotel room. It wasn't too fancy but it was a deal for the price that we paid. Who really stays inside the hotel room when you go to Vegas anyway? Sucks for party poopers who like to crash early because you can hear the Siren show booming inside your hotel room. The last show is at midnight though. We were only there to experience the booming because we were getting ready for the night out. The cleaning ladies would turn off the air conditioning at times during our 4 day stay so when we would come back the room would be hot! I hate walking in the heat but luckily Treasure Island has a tram that you can take to the Mirage to save a partial walk. I also love the fact that Treasure Island has its own player's club card! Yay for free slot play!
3.5 stars, but I round up. . Pros: . -great location on the strip (though my personal preference is mid-strip, this was more end-strip but a good location nonetheless). -easy check-in, we were able to check in early with no problems. -clean and quiet rooms. -rooms cleaned daily, fresh towels every morning. . Cons:. -Resort fee, though I knew about it so I calculated it into our rate. -Smoky casino, but this is Vegas. . We did order room service and that took about 20 minutes to reach us, which was fine.  We watched the Sirens of TI.  My husband tolerated it but I wasn't impressed.
I write this as i'm sinking in this amazingly comfortable bed at TI, and I must say they are great.  TI is a nice hotel, the view of the strip from the room looks amazing at night and the pool is nice.  The food at Pho restaurant is good but the buffet could be better.  I've only been here 2days and so far the staff has been very helpful, I don't know if the fact that I'm an "Invited Guest" of the hotel has anything to do with it but so far I am very pleased with my stay here.
I'd definitely stay here again! The view of the 3rd floor roof was kind of lame for the price that was paid, but the bed was comfy. What I liked best was the bathroom (of course!). Nice and big and the shower was too hard water-y. . . Oh yea, the cool pirate show that is live with real actors is pretty awesome. Just don't get disappointed if they have to cancel it due to high winds or unpleasant weather conditions. . . Overall, it's not my favorite hotel but there's a Walgreens across the street that is open 24 hours so its really convenient to purchase your snacks and h2o.
This hotel is one of the better lower end hotels on the Strip.  For the price you can potentially pay (really cheap with plenty of online offers), it's well worth it.. . Driving up and down the strip can be quite a nightmare, luckily the parking lot for TI is right off the 15.  There is no need to deal with any of that annoying car and foot traffic.  Furthermore, you can side street it to any of the hotels on the west side of the Strip again with no traffic or hassle at all via Industrial and Frank Sinatra (easily accessible roads from the TI parking lot).. . The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful.  They were even helpful over the phone when I had to call down to have the free wifi fixed for our room.. . The hotel itself is in good condition.  Still very clean and looks well kept.  It doesn't have the dingy looking carpet or cracked paint on the walls that you might see at other hotels.  But of course it doesn't even look nearly as nice as the Cosmopolitan or Bellagio either.  Elevators, hallways, rooms, all clean and very well decorated.  Did not have any issues with the room at all; open space in the room and a very large bathroom.  There are also floor to ceiling windows that give you an amazing view of the strip.. . Gaming is typical, decent amount of tables and ample slot machines.  Guiley's pit which is new I guess even has some of the scantily clad females of the Guiley's bar that act as dealers.  . . Overall, I very much enjoyed my stay at TI.  I've been to the hotel on several occasions and never really have any complaints.  I still have yet to see the Sirens show out front though!  Maybe next time...
Clean and newly renovated guest rooms? Check.. . Comfortable bed? Check.. . View of the pirate show? Check.. . Opportunities for gambling and entertainment in the building? Check.. . I really don't have much to say that's negative about our stay at TI.  I found my favorite penny slots (the ones where you can actually bet a penny if you want) in the casino downstairs, we were close to many other casinos we wanted to go to, and our hotel provided us with a "two-for-one" discount for the Cirque du Soleil show "Mystere" (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil---mystere-las-vegas#hrid:Ey-5kZKy2dmfgW1RlvqVqA) which is also located in the building.. . I have two complaints.  One, there wasn't a coffee maker or a refrigerator in the room, though when we called the front desk, they were more than happy to deliver a small fridge to us. And two, the only Wi-Fi option was a paid service, which when ordered, was very unclear about whether you would be paying monthly for the service (you don't) and cost kind of a lot of money for a short time.  It would have been nice if our iPhones were able to get online, but there seemed to be a 3G block in our room (maybe others as well?).. . Basically, our stay was fantastic all around.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and even gave us the same conference discount for a third night, though we had forgotten to book it prior to arriving in Las Vegas, and the rates weren't exorbitant.  I would definitely stay at the Treasure Island again.
The check in service was great. The lady who helped us get settled was so nice and gave us drink tickets!. . The rooms were a good size, beds were comfortable and everything was clean. I wish the bathrooms were a bit bigger but that's only because we have 5 girls in a room. . . Definitely a good location on the strip!
I'd definitely stay here again! Our room was nice & our bed was comfortable! We had a view of the palazzo and the strip. Minus 1 star because of the $24 resort fee, but overall we had enough room to walk around. the bathroom space was perfect, water pressure was good, and our room had a nice little porno style cleopatra chair to lay on! Loved it! However the casino sucks! It took most of my money and the machines didn't let me win shit! They have a starbucks downstairs and a lot of other places to eat, pizza.., ribs, and Hawaiian food. it's also in the middle of the strip =)
Me and my friends, desperate to stay at the nicest, cheapest, on strip hotel we could find in Vegas, spent weeks and months scouring the internet for deals. After blood, sweat and tears were shed we finally settled on Treasure Island, and kept our fingers crossed that we'd made the right choice.... . ...and we certainly did. . . Great location, friendly helpful staff, large clean rooms, plenty of bars, next to Fashion Show Mall, tram to Mirage...  the list of reasons to stay here goes on and on. . . We originally booked for 2 nights, but decided that we needed another 24 hours to do Vegas justice. Very easy to rebook the same room, and cheap too - $109 including taxes and resort fees for four of us. . . The casino is a little smaller and darker than other casinos, but that didn't bother us at all. Also, the pool wasn't the biggest we'd seen - but with pool side DJ's and a great atmosphere, we couldn't have asked for more. . . Would happily recommend to anyone heading to Vegas.
I've stayed here a few times, and I really like this hotel. It's in a good spot on the strip, the pool is great and the rooms are nice.
stayed here this week on our honeymoon and have zero complaints..:) room service was awesome..we went to the Spa and had the couples massage and it was simply AMAZING!. The staff is super and the casino is nice and clean and well kept.. the pool is kind of on the smaller side but we are from the beach so that wasnt an issue as we have the entire ocean here! the Sirens of TI is super cheesy but hey its Vegas..half naked women lip syncing to songs..lol. checkout was easy..has large tubs which are great for a long soak after walking around vegas all day!. also very convenient location.... oh and if you can, go see the in house show by Cirqe..'Mystere'..it is awesome! will definitely recommend the TI..
I've stayed at this hotel a number of times when in Vegas.  Always reliable, comfortable rooms, great location to what we like to do.......next door to Mirage and Fashion Island.  Not far from Caesars or the Forum Shops.  Across the street from the Venetian and the Wynn.  Can't get much better.  Room rates always great during the week.  Sometimes, the check-in and check-out procedures are a bit trying, but not enough for me to be turned off to this place.
Overall TI is okay to stay at.  . . What they don't tell you at the front desk is that they're going to charge your card for payment until you checkout.  Didn't work for us since we were planning to pay cash.  Caused all kinds of over drafts on my acct.  . . We reserved tickets for Mystere and they did the same thing.  Either they don't know how to get an authorization on a credit card or they just don't want to risk it.  . . As for the room, the A/C didn't work when we first got there and it was a HOT day.  We called and they came right away to fix it.. The shower head was horrible (needed a serious CLR treatment) and the drain was not working properly.. They must've had a note to fix it because the maintenance guy mysteriously showed up the next day to fix it.. They do have flat screen TV's, but if you're planning to hook a laptop or other device to watch your own stuff, don't bother.  They have the programming locked so you can't change the input.  Plus the TV is mounted in a way that you can't see the underside which is where the inputs are.  Had to use my phone to take pics to find out which ones to use, only to find out I couldn't switch to that mode afterward.. . I've read reviews that the pool is too small, but it seemed fine.  If you go right at noon, then I can understand that it might be packed.  We went in the later afternoon and it was fine.. It's also only 4' deep so it's good for young kids if you have them.. . The casino is a good size.  Not huge like MGM.  More like NY/NY.  In fact maybe even a little smaller.. . Don't bother with the buffet, at least the dinner one.  Wasn't worth the $23 even if you get the 2 for 1 coupon.  Would have rather gone to the Outback Steak house across the street.. . Final note, if you need internet, better off paying the $20 resort with your room.  It's supposed to cover it. . The business station they have charges for everything (PC, copier, fax).  They have credit card swipes attached to all of them.. . All in all it was not bad and I would stay there again.  . Just don't plan on using all cash if you go.
I guess for those who visit Vegas often, lodging expectations are pretty high. I've been here three times now and Treasure Island is the second hotel I've stayed at. All I could say is, I had no complaints and my room was neat and clean. Bathtub was spacious and toilet flushed with no problem. Mirrors everywhere, which is a plus! Location was pretty sweet, allowing us to walk to the strip in a jiffy (yet wasn't easy in the suffocating heat). TV could've been bigger though! Other than that, I was very satisfied :)
i was there from June 24 to 27th. the room big enough for four adults. we checked in early and we got a room on the 25th floor facing the strip. that was the best part. the view was unbelievable. the AC. was strong. the room was very modern and clean. the beds were very comfortable. the casino i didn't care to much about nothing special to see or write about. there is a free show outside the hotel. if you haven't seen it. its worth check out. the area is pretty good, there is tram to the mirage and next to that is ceasers palace and on the other side is a big mall. accross the street is the Venetian, Harras casino (and a shuttle to Rio that were the best buffet in vagas)and the carnival bar. pool parties are not the worst but not the best either. the DJ was pretty good ,the down side very little shade. . . there is a mandatory $22 a day resort fee that includes wi-fi in every room and newspaper in the lobby. they don't tell you about the fee until you check in.
just a stroll through the casino and surrounding areas convinced me to stay here next time i visit vegas. . . i'll be back...
First time in Vegas and landed a reasonable deal at T.I.!  . . The hotel was fairly priced and local amenities seemed not to far of a walk away - walgreens across the street, shopping strip literally NEXT DOOR, not toooo far of a walk from clubs such as XS/Surrender (which made it convenient to walk to/from the club because taxi cab line can be a wait.)  & Although the buffet didn't seem like the most appetizing/famous, the Bellagio is 10 mins walk down the street! :) . . One negative was that I didn't realize the extra daily/resort fees that would be added .. so don't be bummed when you see an extra $25ish~ fee tacked on each day that you stay. BOO! T_T
Great location.  Nice, clean rooms.  Very reasonably priced (even with the bogus "resort fees").  Champagne brunch buffet was more than worth its price.  Casino was solid  So all the important stuff is taken care of.. . The problems, though few, are a bit annoying.  First, the re-branding of Treasure Island (whenever it happened) from a pirate-themed, family-friendly place to TI was a monumental mistake.  As such, it's not clear what this place is trying to be. Is it trying to be a party place? Possibly, judging by how, on certain days, its pool appears to be an extremely cheap ripoff of the clubbier pool parties on The Strip.  But if that's the case, how is it that there's no up-and-coming nightclub in the hotel?  Makes very little sense.. . Then there are those "resort fees" that they never tell you about.  I was told that the fees were covered in the reservation, and yet, after sitting though a terribly long line to check-in, I was told that I would have to consent to a $22/day resort fee. . . I'm not saying that these problems should necessarily deter anyone from staying here, but it's certainly worth being aware of.
I have no idea how much it is to stay here was, but it was a nice hotel. Rooms are clean, comfy bed&blankets. It's kinda far from the main strip but not as far. I got a good view of Encore, Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian! :) Room service is good. Valet parking is quick. AC is blasting 24/7. Their casino sucks :( I like how they have a Pho restaurant & Coffee shop combined in one, Starbucks, Pizzeria, Oxygen Bar!  I enjoyed my stay here.
Room was clean and atmosphere in the casino was definitely lively.  However i do appreciate the tram that connected us to mirage.
I've stayed at TI 3 times now, and they've all been good. I always know i'm back at TI once i open those double doors to that distinct, but good, TI scent. . . It is at a perfect locale for us when we go for day and night. Next to the Fashion Show mall and across from Walgreens for any forgotten necessities. . . ROOMS: We always stay in a 2 queen room, and it's spacious, clean, and the beds are so comfy! The views vary depending on the room, but I liked when we overlooked the TI Boat because we got a fireworks show each night. The strip view rooms are also great because at night everything is lit up and gorgeous. -- They are also currently renovating and adding mini fridges to the rooms. . . STAFF: The staff is friendly and accommodating. During my last stay, we did hit a few bumps and I wasn't pleased with the service when we arrived. But everything was fixed and definitely better above my expectations. . . CASINO: the casino has practically everything you could ask for. If you haven't joined the Players Club at TI yet, you get $5 in free slot play - so definitely do it! I like playing the roulette machines and the poker slot machines. . . BUFFET: The Buffet at TI is yummy. There are many choices to select from from around the world. My favorites are the pasta and salad stations where they make it specific to what you want right there. And the dessert area is awesome! This is the only place i know where i can get cotton candy and mini doughnuts!!! The only thing i would like is prime rib, but maybe I'm there too early and they have it at night. . . EXTRAS: . Pool / Fitness Center: The pool is nice and has a lot of chairs and cabanas. There is also a DJ spinning top 40s for your enjoyment. I went to the fitness center (next to the spa) a couple times and it's adequate. It's not huge, but it has ~10 treadmills with tvs, weights, and other machines. So if you want a basic workout or just to do a little something after the buffet or before you're heading out, stop by and check it out. . . You can also catch a show if you wish, and watch Mystere by Cirque Du Soleil. And there's a tram connecting to Mirage for your convenience.
Location is great! Check in was not so great...it took 1 hour to check in. Maybe because it was Memorial Day weekend, but one would think the hotel would be fully staffed on one of the busiest weekends of the year. Thanks to the guy who checked me in, though, for the room upgrade...got a great view of the pirate show with fireworks! Room was clean and comfy.
TI's always good for cheap rooms, a great location on the strip, and some of the freaking comfiest beds in the world. They even have body pillows on the beds - although they're a little shorter than the traditional ones. Don't forget your toothbrush - housekeeping doesn't provide free ones. And the gym closes at 7?!. . Either way, you get what you pay for, and I'm down for the value and location.
Great location, and a fair price.. . This stay was more ballin' than my last because we got upgraded to the 34th floor (out of 36 floors).  I went to check-in, and the lady laughed at how my friend requested that we get an upgrade on the reservation.  She noted that he sounded super polite, and had correct grammar.  I said we were teachers-it's natural!  She said she'll give us the only room available on the top floors.  Sweeeeeeet!  She was super fun to talk to :D. . One con-they don't have toothbrushes (two people forgot theirs), and they said anytime they have to bring something up (we asked for a wine opener) it would cost $5.  'Er...?  Even the cheap motels have both for free.. . No good clubs here, but the gambling's decent.  I couldn't find WAR, however!!. . Oh, and even though we all had full bars, none of us could get data on our phones.  Boooo
Stayed at TI the weekend of 7/22-7/24. If you drive to Vegas like I did you will find parking at the hotel very convenient...the parking garage is located right off the freeway at Spring Mountain Rd....no hassle dealing with Las Vegas Blvd. traffic.. . Check-in process was very long around 11:30 AM....roughly 30 minute wait.. . Rooms were decent for $75/night. Beds were very comfortable and the room was clean and looked newly renovated. TV was on the smaller end but then who watches TV while they are in Vegas. . . Casino was nicely laid out and I was always able to play one of my favorite games.. . The location of TI is in a nice spot if you like visiting the hotels on the north strip. There is a tram that will take you to the Mirage and from there you can easily walk to Caesars or Bellagio. You can also leave TI and walk to the Wynn or Venetian which is across the street. . . Overall the hotel is a great value. Other hotels in this area are asking $200+/night (weekends). This hotel works well if you are on a budget and looking to crash somewhere comfortable. If you want the complete experience like ultra clubs and great restaurants you might want to look elsewhere.
Absolutely nothing wrong with Treasure Island but nothing that screams wow, either.. . $22.50 daily resort fee stings a little, but if you are aware of the fact before you go then it's not a big deal and you can calculate that into your budget. You also get WiFi and Gym access with it -- didn't use it but it's nice to have. (Note: AllCaesar's properties don't charge resort fees.). . Beds are super comfortable though the rooms are on the smaller side. I usually stay at Aria, but I found this to be okay for a trip with a couple of friends (more drinking, less upscale trip). . . Location is next to the Fashion Show Mall, Wynn/Encore, Venetian/Palazzo, Mirage and Caesars. I'd say all of those are about 5-20 minutes at most. It's cool if you like the North Strip but after staying at Aria so many times I've learned I prefer to be in the middle.. . Casino was fine. It had plenty to do. Made a quick $5 on Video Poker, haha. Blackjack dealers were fun and overall a good vibe but perhaps a bit...dead.. . I'd definitely consider staying here but only if the rooms were cheap enough.
I hadn't been to vegas in agggggees, but I must say, TI looks like its doing much better. As far as the casino/hotel aspect....let's face it, it aint no aria or anything..... Our room was nice, the pool was nice....but thats pretty much it. . . BUUUTTT!!!! There is one reason and one reason only why i really wanna give it a 5 star. 2 words: bill cosby. I had no idea he's still performing. I love this man to death! The show was the highlight of my weekend. He's at TI every few months so u absolutely MUST check it out.
This hotel has it all!  First off, when you stay during the week, you can get some good rates on suites, which are great, room, comfortable and 2 bathrooms with a super comfy King size bed.  . . It's close in proximity to a bunch of other hotels and the mall!  . . Would definitely stay here again...beware of the 22.50 extra tax they charge per night, BUT you get a coupon for a buy one get one free drink, 2 free buffets, $20 off your next stay, so it does pay for itself in the end.
Still a nice place to stay and play.  It's pretty much in the middle of the action.  The only issue is it is no longer part of the MGM Family... so comps are harder to come by.  They were the official Los Angeles Lakers Casino so I've dropped by a few times to check it out.  Steve Wynn did it right by building this oldie but still goodie!
Really enjoyed the hotel location, near plenty of other casinos, not to mention easy access by tram to the Mirage as well as walk ways to the fashion show mall. . . We arrived early the wait was still 45 minutes. People here do not work fast but we took our time to visit other hotels with the same result. They did give us free bottles of water. . . There is a resort fee of $20 plus tax but if you look around, it's pretty standard. . . Slept in the petite suite for 4 nights and it was good. Our view was of the Fashion Show Mall so it wasn't exactly the strip view. No coffee maker microwave or minibar. The safe is a standard cheapo. . . Extremely convenient to the 24 hour Walgreen across the street attached to the Polazzo, which in turns connects to the Venetian. Do not miss these two hotels.  . . Got a players card immediately and played 4-6 hours a day. Got all my resort fees and meals (buffet and Starbucks) comped. Didn'teven lose that much. . . The Sirens of TI show can be ignored since it's nothing special but the Wynn and Wynn Encore is across the street if you like fancy stores with watches worth over $5,000 a piece. . . I would visit again since I've already been promised a comp for a deluxe room, food and slot credit. . . 4 stars for convenience to all, good casino service and a better than decent stay.
I actually loved staying here.  At first, I was skeptical because of the negative reviews.  But this place impressed me.  I got a very good deal on the rates because I signed up for the ti membership.   The location is awesome.  Its right by the mall and venetian and wynn.  To get to Mirage, all we needed was the tram.    The casino smelled like smoke but thats nothing new.  I loved it that the casino was a happening place.  I wasnt able to try their buffet.  I did have the 2 for 1 coupon for the buffet.  Oh, they have Canters the sandwich place which is awesome.  They do haved $22.50 daily fee for resort fee.  The pool was kinda small but still had nice decor.  The hours for the pool was 8 to 8.  wish it stayed open til 8pm though.  I will certainly stay here again.
Par for the course in Vegas, we didn't stay in our room much. But...when we did, it was pretty freakin' nice. . . This was our first time in Vegas, so we didn't really know what to expect, especially since we got a wicked deal through Southwest Vacations - I think it was like $315/person for a roundtrip flight and 3 nights. Ummm yeah. That's pretty damn cheap. . . In all honesty, I booked it because a friend of mine tipped me off to the fact they recently remodeled, and for that price I just couldn't pass it up. I was still expecting something akin to maybe a Best Western - which this CERTAINLY was not. . . I already knew about theresort fee, so that didn't really bother me. Since it was my birthday, the guy at the front desk tried to get us a nice room even though we has booked just the basic. We ended up on the 35th floor (second from the top) with a pretty sweet effin' view. . . Check-in wasn't too bad, we waited maybe 10 minutes even though the line was long. They had about 7 or 8 people working the desk so it went pretty quickly. . . Didn't order any food from room service, but requested more hangers and pillows and they were brought up pretty quickly.. . Unfortunately I can't comment on the maid service...the bf kept the 'privacy please' thing on the whole time because the new laptop that he had just bought wouldn't fit in the safe and he was convinced someone would steal it. Le sigh. . . We hung out by the pool one afternoon, got some ridiculously overpriced drinks, and chilled out in the water for a bit. Even in the 104 degree heat, that pool was ICE COLD. A bit of a shock at first, but much better than the alternative (we're from Texas and in the summer most pools are like bathwater...nasty). I think we got some wings at some point and I remember them being fine...but I was also a little buzzed at the time, so take that for what it's worth. They were reasonably priced though...maybe like $8 or $9 for 10 or 12 wings, pretty normal. . . The bed is SOOOOO comfy. Honestly, that was the only thing I really cared about, considering that I was sleeping in every day and have a tendency to wake up with pretty bad neck and back pain - which never happened. Hooray. . . All in all, I'd definitely stay here again. Not sure I would pay upwards of $100 a night for a basic room, but I am kind of a package-deal vacation girl anyway, so hopefully I'll score another winner like the one we did this time.
If you're a laid-back, beachy-dive bar kind of person vs. the bourgeois $16-for-a-drink loungey type of guy/gal you will probably like this place. . It's sexy and a little raunchy w/o being trashy. . It's clean and modern without being sterile. . The hotel/casino can be a little expensive for food & drink but its directly across the street from the mall (they have an ABC store) and Walgreens. . If you're in the mood for something a bit more high-scale and quality you can go across the street to visit the Palazzo, Venetian or the Wynn.. The pool is on the small side but it's geared towards adult entertainment and amusement. . Basically, TI isn't necessarily "as good as it gets" by Vegas hotel standards go but it's FUN, laid back, centrally located, reasonably priced and has a vaguely debaucherous vibe. Good times.
Stayed here for 1 night.. . Goods: Nice, clean, affordable rooms. Elevators are a bit hard to find in the beginning, but at least they're not far from the entrance. . . Bad: Pool is just average
I was looking for a cheap but decent hotel and got TI after checking out www.hoteldealsrevealed.com and using Priceline.  $60 for mid-week rate and $85 for weekend is not bad.. . The location of this hotel is great - very much in the heart of the Strip and also across from the mall (which my wife liked).. . We ended up getting an upgrade to a suite with a view and the view was amazing.  We were looking south down the Strip and had hourly views of the volcano show at the Mirage from our hotel room.. . The rooms are nice, having been refurbished recently.. . I really enjoyed the pool area quite a bit, but the crowd was a little too young for me and by the end of the day, it was just gross.  People drinking in the pool all day -- spilt drinks and who knows what else is in the water.. . This hotel does have a fairly expensive resort fee :-(  . . I am definitely a fan!
Ya know what? I always thought i wouldnt stay here because it was one of the older hotels.  Call me a snob, right?  But I stayed here and absolutely loved it.  The rooms were clean and the beds were amazing.. . The staff was always friendly and willing to help with anything you needed.  The only thing I wasnt a fan of was that besides Mystere there wasnt much to do in TI.  No clubs, the restaurants were ok, and the bars were eh. . . My stars are based on the hotel itself and the room.  I would definitely stay here again.  Affordable too!!
TI was optimal for our trip, it has a prime location on the strip that enables us to walk to some of our destinations and fetching a cab isn't all that bad since it really is around everything. It's nice to have a Walgreens across the way to load up on some spirits and chasers for our stay.. . Resort fee sucks, especially if you aren't taking advantage of most of their amenities.. . Dealers for the most part here seem miserable. I wish they were a bit more livelier and exciting. If you are going to take my money, at least be pleasant about it.. . Decent eateries within the hotel, but definitely not the best around. . . Comfy beds, fridge in the closet, spacious (but don't try to play hide and go seek in the room, it won't work).. . We also had a great laugh as the Sirens show scared the crap out of us while we were in the room drinking.. . I wouldn't mind staying at TI again.
This was our first trip to Vegas and we really enjoyed our stay at Treasure island.  I was expecting the check in line to be super long from reading all the reviews. It was long but it moved pretty fast so we were in line for about 20 minutes which didn't seem long since we were kinda tipsy from the champagne from the limo ride!  We checked in on a Thursday and we saw the line for check-in on Friday and it was 3x longer than ours was.. . We had a deluxe room but asked if a strip view room was available and heput us in one with no extra charge! Our room was clean and the view was great from the 10th floor.  Yes they charge the $22/day resort fee but we knew this way ahead of time and planned for it.  . . The only time we had to complain is because on the website it said 2 for 1 lunch and dinner buffet.  So when we decided to use it on our last night we noticed it said breakfast or lunch only so we called them and told them what it says on there website and they checked it out and gave us the coupon that says 2 for 1 lunch or dinner.. They also give you 2 for 1 cocktails that you can use and Kahunnaville passes out tons of 2 for 1 cocktail coupons.. . The buffet was fine we went for breakfast and dinner both once.  We signed up for the players club card and got $10 in free play and an extra $5 in free play. . . We liked the location because its next to the mall and across from wynn, encore, palazzo and Venetian and close walking distance to the.  more middle strip hotels.  The pirate show was corny... "Who you calling ahoy!"   Lmao!  That's what the ladies in the show said!  But watching the ship sink was cool.. . Overall we enjoyed our stay and are planning on staying again when we come back next year.
Last time I went to Vegas with friends I was in charge of finding a room that was at once relatively inexpensive but also on The Strip so as to alleviate the need for driving anywhere since we had only planned to stick to that area during our stay.  Enter TI, which for a four star hotel promised comfort and the added features that come with a higher end hotel for a reasonable price.  Well I have to say that it delivered big time...decently sized room and comfortable to boot, not that much time was spent in the room.  Check in line was not at all long and it didn't take long for us to be guided to our room, perfect since we had been on the road for nearly five hours and been stuck in Vegas rush hour traffic.  Restaurant and bar wise, I can't comment their since we didn't try anything offered in the hotel, instead opting to go elsewhere.  I will say that the pool area was also a bit of a afterthought considering many other hotel pool areas have some sort of theme going for them, but this one was just a basic pool and hot tub,  Again, not that we used it at all...we went to the MGM Grand instead :p
I had a convention in Palazzo, so I stayed in TI.  It was very convenient and the much cheaper option. . . Hotel room was nice. Bed was comfy; tv set new.. . The only thing I didn't enjoy was using their towels.  I couldn't figure out what kind of smell it was, something like burnt caramel or slightly overcooked toffee... but whatever it was, I didn't like having the smell covering/drying me off after a nice shower. . . Oh, so EVERYONE should keep in mind, TI has a $20/day resort fee so that you get internet/gym access and of that sort.  So when you check in, I recommend getting that waived if you don't need either.  Or if you wanted internet for only two hrs or less, in the hotel room, it gives you instructions on purchasing internet access for only two hrs, which was $7-8.
I've been to a decent number of hotels on the Strip of varying reputation, and I must admit, my stay at TI was lot better than i expected.. . Granted, I didn't spend a lot of time in TI itself, but here are the positives that stood out to me:. . 1) The self-parking garage is close to the guest elevators. This to me is a big plus. I hate having to lug all my stuff through the casino. This becomes even more important when we have hella drinks and partying ish to carry as well.. . 2) Its proximity to some of the bigger clubs. Last time we stayed at Harrah's, our buzz wore off by the time we walked to XS. Here at TI, you're across the street from Wynn/Encore/Venetian. You're literally one walkway away from XS and Tao, which is a huge plus.. . 3) Cheappp. It's obviously no Venetian but it's seriously fine for me since the only times I'm in the room is when I'm pre-gaming or when I'm sleeping  (and how your Vegas experience should be like too).. . Basically, if you are going in a big group, are planning to pack everyone into a suite to save money, and are going to spend more time outside the room anyways, then TI isn't a bad option. It's on the Strip, walking distance to XS and Tao, and it's a good money-saver.
Not one of the newest, hippest casinos on the strip, but it's on the strip!  It's fairly priced, all the casino gambling you need, but most of all it's one of the most comfortable beds in Vegas.  The pillows are nice and soft and the mattress is welcoming.. . The parking structure is fairly simple and can usually get a spot near an elevator.  The variety of quick food stops here is pretty good such as ice cream, pho, a buffet with a short line, and just a regular sit down restaurant.. . This is a very good deal when you find rooms on sale.  The check-in time took a while but what hotel doesn't?
Nice rooms, small tvs
TI is definitely a great place to stay. It's inexpensive compared to the other hotels on the strip, and the rooms are clean and actually really nice. The location is convenient, and parking is free. The beds are comfortable and there's even a really nice pool with cabanas. The last time I stayed here was with my girls, and we had the perfect view of the strip. I'd consider staying at TI again.
I stayed here for about 3 nights and was definitely happy when I left! The prices are one of the most affordable for being right on the strip, and the service at the hotel was pretty good too.  A few of the workers in the casino are not the nicest people, but oh well, we just went to another casino. We weren't able to check out the pool since it was raining at the exact moment we decided to go out there :\ Other than that, the room was nice and comfy... I would most likely consider going back there!
Treasure Island Hotel and Casino is in the best location.  Its right in the middle of everything if you wanted to venture out to check out the strip.  You're within walking distance of most of the other big names casinos.  But TI has everything you need all in one place so if you didn't want to you don't need to leave the hotel.  There's multiple restaurants to choose from whether you're interested in pizza, steak, Vietnamese pho, Mexican, Hawaiian American or buffet style.  There were 9 restaurants in total and a Starbucks and Ben & Jerry's.  The pool is new and really well done.  We also had no trouble getting lounge chairs for the whole day.  Like I said if you didn't want to leave this place you wouldn't have to because it has everything - multiple bars, restaurants, a pool, casino, sports book, shows, spa...  Not to mention there is  a Walgreen's right across the street for all your purchasing needs.  If you're looking to stay at a place that's not expensive, the rooms are nice with very comfortable beds, tons of amenities, then this is your place!
I'll give Treasure Island a glowing review for a few reasons:. . 1) It's literally across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, if you're a girl (although this may apply to some guys), you'll appreciate not having to trek down the hot ass strip to buy some extra accessories, last-minute shoes, or a new outfit altogether before going out that night. Total score! And also, if you don't want to spend hoards of money on food, you can enjoy the mall's Food Court and all it has to offer.. . 2) It's adjacent to many of the hottest nightclubs: XS, Tryst, Surrender, TAO, LAVO, JET, Pure etc. Yes, you have to take a cab to Marquee, but that's only one club compared to the handful that are within walking distance from the TI.. . 3) The rooms are comfortable and housekeeping was friendly [unlike some housekeepers that give extreme attitude]. . . 4) There's a Walgreens across the street. I can't even begin to tell you how many times we walked over there for crap that we forgot to pack. Total score #2!. . Why the TI is 1 star short from the full 5:. . 1) Our room was right above the stunt show that they perform 100x a day between the hours of 10AM-12AM (I'm making those times up), but that doesn't matter, what matters is how NOISY and obnoxious it was to be awoken by gunfire, bellowing, and splashes everyday! UGH. . . If we had a different room location, TI would for sure have 5 stars fromme.
This was my first trip to Vegas so I definitely wanted to stay on The Strip for my birthday trip. After tons of research I decided on Treasure Island - the cost, it's location on The Strip, the amenities offered, and food & entertainment options were perfect for our group so I felt that I had made the right choice!. . LOCATION - Treasure Island is on the Northern part of The Strip, right in the middle. It's directly across from The Venetian, The Palazzo, next to The Mirage and a little walk to the Wynn and Encore. There is also a Walgreen's across the street and a Starbucks next to the hotel. Fashion Show Mall is also across the street.. . ROOMS - The boy and I stayed in a Deluxe Room. Upon checking-in, we were upgraded to a Strip View room and had an amazing view of not only The Strip but also the pool! The room was clean and spacious, as was the bathroom, however I wish the toilet was separate from the shower for obvious reasons ;P Beds are beyond comfortable - so hard to wake up in the mornings and from naps! iHomes, flat screen tv's, blow dryers and refrigerators in the room. . . POOL - It's FREE! Just gotta show your room card. The pool is pretty small but did the job, especially if you don't want to pay for pool parties. There is a bar outside and also a DJ playing music till close. There's tons of chairs but if you don't get down to the pool in time, you are stuck with the ones in the shade. Cabana's are also nice, but obviously cost money.. . DINING/ENTERTAINMENT - Many different options inside the hotel/casino ranging from moderately priced to expensive. I recommend Kahunaville, ISLA's, Phil's Italian Steak House, and The Coffee Shop. Skip the buffet unless you have the voucher, which is only good Monday-Friday. As far as entertainment, they have the original Cirque du Soleilshow, Mystere, but unfortunately I didn't get to check it out. They also have the Sirens of TI show outside, but it seemed pretty cheesy.. . CASINO - I'm not big on gambling, but I did spend some time in the casino since my boyfriend likes to. The ventilation wasn't too bad in there but could be better. It was a little hard to navigate around there, but after awhile it was easy to get around. Tons of blackjack tables, slots, and virtual games. . . SERVICE - Check-in was fast! I was so scared we'd be waiting in a Disneyland-esque line, but we were checked in under 10 minutes. The staff was really helpful and nice. Our rooms were cleaned everyday and overall had no issues!. . We really enjoyed our stay at Treasure Island and will definitely keep them in mind for my next Vegas trip!
This place is awesome for Adults who still like kid's things lol... . They have the penny souvenir machines here quiet a few which I had to get. Just thought I'd add that in there cause I loved being able to get a 51cent souvenir. . . They have this place called Kahunaville which is an awesome place where I had the best strawberry margarita which they serve with a candy gummy worm inside with a tube of an extra shot of tequila ;). . Also they have these oxygen bar's here and there which I didn't really get to glance fully at. They have lot's to sight see here the casino is like the rest pretty much but, this place is pretty awesome In my opinion. They have a good variety of eateries such as rocket burger and a few others
I really enjoyed my stay at Treasure Island. Although, yes there is a resort fee per night. But I read other reviews so no shock, sucks though since we didn't even use any of those amenities minus the internet. . So anyways the hotel room itself was great, the beds were so comfy (which is great if you were walking around all day and just wanted to crash right after!). It fit everyone nicely, our room was very clean when we got on. Check in and check out want that.bad like most have said and I was here for the weekend too. Great place to stay if you don't want to shell out hundreds and hundreds of bucks for a room, and its pretty close to the lively middle part of thestrip. Good stay :)
Definitely a solid hotel to be at. Pretty much in the center of a lot of hustle and bustle of Vegas right next to Fashion Valley Mall and across from Palazzo/Venetian. . . Rooms are comfy and decently sized for the price. Bonus, there's an empty fridge to store your liquor and drinks!! AWESOME!. . Pool is nice and DJ on the weekends for their pool parties. Staff is friendly. Service up to your rooms can take anywhere from 10 minutes to 30 minutes though.
so we didn't stay here but actually watched the free show (my first) outside TI. my wife said the show was very different from when she first watched it and that it was not as good this time. i had nothing to compare it to, but the men and women singers/dancers were damn good looking. . . the casino is like any other, but we came mostly to watch the Mystere show (which was great by the way). we also had drinks earlier in the week at Kahunaville, so nothing bad to say. it feels like a cool place.
we missed all the shows outside. Upsetting but we may come back someday then we can watch it then. I understand it rivals the fountains of the Balagio. We went inside was blown away by how well they kept to the whole pirate alcove theme. One of the things I thought was the coolest was an actual mammoth tusk carved in Chinese manner with awesome detail. This place was just a pleasure to walk through.
Overall a pleasant experience.  I came to town to attend a wedding and was looking for a place that was nice but didn't break my bank account.  I checked all the various travel sites (expedia, travelocity, orbitz, etc) but what I found was that you can go directly to treasureisland.com and book your whole trip right on their website and it was cheaper to boot! . . The rooms were spacious and the bed comfortable - which is ALWAYS a plus in my book since the main thing you do in a hotel room involves the bed.  The staff was pleasant and professional.  There was an assortment of restaurants on the premise - Gilley's, Kanhunaville, a deli.   They also have a show outside called the "Sirens of TI" for all you folks looking for eye-candy both male and female.
We stayed here on our recent trip to Vegas for Thanksgiving (yep, I know it's weird).  We were there from Monday-Friday and I am glad we avoided the weekend craziness.  Inside, Treasure Island is much more forgettable than other hotels.  It is definitely not as fun to look at.  Our hotel suite had 2 bathrooms and one of the bathrooms had a huge jet tub.  The room wasn't massive but it was a good size for two people.  . . On the first night they put us on the 4th floor and when I called to see if we could be switched to a higher floor they were really nice about it and said they could for Tues-Thurs, just not that night.  So on Tuesday night we were switched to the 23rd floor and that had a much better view.  . . I really liked the gym.  It is inside the spa area and can get crowded but they have tons of machines.  They had the arc trainers that I loved in college and that is what I stuck with for the duration of our trip.  By Friday my quads were definitely hurting!  Grab a piece of fruit that they have out when you first get there or they will all be gone by the time you leave.  . . This is a great location, especially considering the tram to the Mirage and how easy of a walk it is to the Wynn/Encore.  I want to stay at the Wynn next time, mostly just because of how it is decorated.
Good:. nice remodel. clean rooms. decent prices. fast room service. pho restaurant inside casino. . Bad:. "resort fee". no nightclub inside. super long check in lines
Recently stayed at TI August 2011. Everything about this hotel was a great experience, except the TI Sirens Show which has horrible story line, horrible acting, horrible all together; one this it was, funny and tacky, but I still left. The reason why I knocked it a star. . . The room was a normal sized room. It was still cleaner than average. Amenities were nice.. flat screen television, and an iPod dock. We had a view of the pool area.. which was nice. Our friends who joined us had a room right across, and got the view of the strip. I was kinda jealous- but we barely stayed in.. . The pool was great. Fun in the sun with a DJ. I bought out some guacamole,chips and salsa from the Latin restaurant inside.. accompanied with a drink from the adjecent bar. Very relaxing at the same time.. . I ate at their pizza joint.. but usually when visiting Las Vegas and I am on that end of the strip, I just go to Chinatown to get crab fried rice.. it's no further than 2-3 miles away.. . I love the pirate vibe, it's different than the swanky upscale hotels that are popping up on the strip. Another reason I loved staying here is that it is close to all the shopping.. like literally walking distance to the mall and the other hotels with shopping venues.. . One of the other hotels I recommend for a budget. It's not as pricey as the newer hotels.. but not as cheapy and dirty as lets say, Imperial Palace.
This has been my hotel of choice for the last few Vegas trips. I find it good - rooms are clean, nice (I'd say in the 70th percentile of Vegas strip hotels) and a very reasonable value. It is very manageable, in that it's not super huge so it takes 10 minutes just to get from one end to the other. Location is superb. Easy walking access to Venetian/Palazzo (across the street), Wynn/Encore (opposite corner), and Fashion Show Mall (across the street). If you have a car, it's easy to access via freeway and getting into the parking lot avoids Las Vegas Blvd. so you don't have to deal with that mess.. . I'm a wannabe foodie, so I guess a minor complaint would be I don't find any of their dining options attractive. Canter's isn't bad for a cheap meal. I know they advertise having the only Pho restaurant on the strip but coming from California, I refuse to pay $12+ for a bowl of Pho so I never bothered trying. In terms of fine dining they definitely are lacking. You can probably find better variants of all their food offerings at competing casinos. But that's okay, I don't mind leaving here to grab food. If you like Asian food - this is a great location as well, since you're right on Spring Valley taking you straight up to Chinatown.. . Gambling is fairly standard - not a huge casino floor, but has plenty of ways for you to lose your money. One game  I enjoy playing that I haven't seen at TI is BJ Switch though. It seems to be popping up more and more at casinos, so hopefully it will make it's way into TI.. . As for the people complaining about the resort fees - everyone else is doing it these days (except Harrah's) so while it sucks, sadly its kind of the norm for Vegas.. . For the value and location, four stars from me. Sure I like Wynn/Venetian/Cosmo/Aria/Bellagio better, but I much rather stay at TI and have more money in my pocket, to lose at the tables!
I stayed here on the night of the 30th, right before New Years.  As expected, the place was packed but I really liked that they allowed people to check in early.  Instead of the usual 3PM checkin time, they temporarily adjusted it to 11AM to accommodate the crowd and it was quite a crowd as it took us 40 minutes of waiting in line.  Another item I liked about it was that there were free bottles of Treasure Island brand bottled water so that the people waiting to check in were not dying of thirst.  Little amenities like that make a big difference in terms of comfort.. . Our room was located on the 25th floor, almost directly across from the elevators.  I had feared that it would be quite noisy at such a widely traveled location but to my surprise, it was pretty quiet, even during the night.. . Our room was clean and quite modern.  With a LCD TV, sparkling furniture, firm mattresses, and stainless marble bathroom, it felt as if this place was recently renovated.  The only drawbacks to our room were the bedside clock that couldn't tell the time and the lack of power outlets.  Although there were 4 open power outlets in the bathroom, I didn't feel comfortable charging my electronics in there.  Outside of the bathroom, there didn't seem to be any other power outlets besides the single one on the desk.. . Something else I liked about the room were the spotlights overhead of our beds.  The switches are right next to the bed and the spotlights are bright enough for reading while sitting on the bed.. . The casino on the ground floor was unexpectedly pleasant.  There wasn't the lingering smell of cigarette smoke like in the other nearby hotels and the machines were not distracting loud.  Although there was a person here selling timeshares, they were not as pushy as another one I encountered on this trip.
Ok so yea TI is no Wynn or encore but if your looking for a decent clean room with a excellent location? Then TI is the place for you! Definitely one of the best times I've had in Vegas!
We stayed for 3 nights fri-sun I found a GREAT deal on the TI site last minute. We had a petite suite on the 24th floor $277 for 3 nights! plus $22.40/night 'resort fees' The room rate was GREAT, wasn't too thrilled about the resort fees.... . At first our room was a smoking room on the 10th floor, but it reeked, I called the front desk and I kid you not in minutes we had a bell man helping us move. WOW, I have never experienced service like this. . . Pros:The room was spacious, and impeccably clean. I'm a stickler for random hairs etc lol. They had these awesome magnification mirrors in bathrooms lol. The jacuzzi was great for two people and our view of the strip and Mirage volcano was top notch. . Cons: The ventilation system was meh. There were no fans in the bathrooms. The hotel applied a $300 security deposit to my bank cc. They slipped this by me somehow :/ Apparently it's 'policy'. *eye roll* I was NOT happy to have $300 of MY money tied up while in Vegas. grrr. . Mixed bag on the bed. The sheets were so soft, the pillows were perfect. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I liked it, my husband however did not, he needs a firmer bed.. . The hotel itself was nice, The deli was delicious!! The buffet was decent, I liked their made to order pasta! The Siren show was alright, a little cheesy, but it's Vegas right?! . . I would stay again, but only If I could score a deal like I got!
for the price, you really can't complain. i had the pleasure of staying in a connecting room with fellow yelp elite'r and the review below, Kenny L.. . two connecting rooms, with everything the normal vegas rooms have. I look for odd qualities in a hotel room so i'll share. . 1. the beds were a little soft, i prefer really firm beds for extreme support on my ailing back after dancing my booty off all night but the comforters were very plush and warmer than inside the devils ass.. 2. both of the irons in BOTH of our rooms were broken. stttrrriiike uno. 3. combine that with the tiny flatscreen TVs that look silly compared to all the space next to them? strrrrike deuce equaling -1 star.. 4. the showers are spacious and yes, like Kenny L. says the water pressure is low. however lets not forget, Las Vegas is the DESERT.. water is scarce so stop crying you sissy. get in, get clean, get out.. 5. the view was great, though the windows are situated in weird spots, like half of it is cutoff and it ends into the wall? the connecting rooms basically share a long window so its really awkward... put it in the middle to maximize viewing pleasure? (again, like Kenny L. says, no fresh air.. then again NO HOTELS in vegas have windows that open because PEOPLE JUMP) ..sissy x2. 6. theres a ton of different amenities downstairs, restaurants, convenience stores, slots, tables, etc.. but the area i frequent most often is the sports book betting room.. TI's is great, and during other trips where i've stayed at other hotels i've came to TI just to lay down a few stacks on the squad about to ball during the day.. 7. room service is trippy.. even having a privacy sign hanging on our front door, they called to check on whether or not we wanted our room serviced. take it how you want, a privacy sign means we don't want service, don't bother us? ...but they double checked? ehh, whatever.. not trippen.. . lastly, some girls we knew had a suite upstairs and it was very spacious. a double bathroom, sofas, and they rolled in two pull out beds. they fit a ton of females in there and if they kept it cleaner it would have been SOLID.. if they keep sending us deals, i'll consider it. if not, theres plenty of other hotels on the strip with similar prices that are a lot nicer.. . REMAIN COMPETITIVE TI!
So, I've stayed here a total of two times and both visits were great.  . . -The rooms are spacious. . -The beds are comfortable.. -The location is great.  It's right in the middle of the strip.  . -The room decor is modern, and pleasant. . . Would I stay here again?  Yes I would.
Out of all of the things I wrote a review for in Vegas when I visited last May, HOW in the world did I miss the hotel I stayed at?!  . . **sorry about the oversight!!  It won't happen again**. . Ahem, now that we got that out of the way, I really enjoyed our stay while we were here.  It was a good location, it was right across the street from a Walgreens, which was good for the things you forget!  It was at a good (not great) location on the strip, and it was always easy to get a cab when we needed it!. . The check-in and check-out took a really long time, so be forewarned!. . I loved the outdoor pool service.  Kahunaville wasn't all that great.  It does have a cool tram that takes you straight to the Mirage which is good when it's cooler and you don't want to venture out at night!. . I didn't try the buffet, but my friends said it was just meh.  The little diner in there is overpriced and not great.  Gilly's has a mechanical bull that's pretty cool, but I didn't try any of their food/beverages.. . The staff was nice, the hotel was clean, and it was within stumbling distance.  That's really all you care about, really, though, right?!
Great location! Close to the Mirage (could take a Tram to Mirage), Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn and Encore.. . I got hooked up here on multiple occasions!  I got upgraded to a premier suite, luxury suite, and a penthouse on 3 separate times. It was newly remodeled, so the rooms were very nice and clean. . . Food:. The restaurants here are mediocre and don't get me started on the buffet.. 1) Kahunaville. 2) Pho - overly priced for wack pho and service!. . Casino:. Low limit, so you if you have a budget for gambling, TI is pretty good place to gamble.  . Poker room - extremely small and not worth playing there. There's never a good amount of people playing.. . Service:. Quick with room service (ie, rollaway beds, towels, cups, etc...)
I'm been fan of the remodeled TI for several reasons. It's a good value hotel in a good location. It's centrally located amongst the nice "newer" hotels such as Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, Encore, and right next to Fashion Show Mall. Also, I feel this section of the strip is cleaner than the other end near MGM, excluding the City Center area.. . Based on location for the good clubs, it's nice to be near them without having to pay an arm and leg compared to Wynn/Encore and Venetian. But at the same time it's not dingy hotel rooms or old like Flamingo or Harrahs. You can find rooms at TI for $79/night during off peak season. . . I like being near Fashion Show Mall for the restaurants, shopping and quick snacks/gifts at the ABC store, then there's also the Half Off Ticket kiosk there too. Then for clubs that are nearby are TAO in Venetian, XS at Encore which are the two top hottest clubs in Vegas. . . Also for gambling purposes, it's on the lower side for table minimums compared to Wynn, Encore and Venetian. It also has different games like WAR, how awesom is that?! haha. It's not as cheap as probably going to Harrahs or Flamingo but it also doesn't reak of smoke everywhere. Definitely way cleaner. . . The only restaurant I've eaten here is the "Coffee Shop", it's like a casual dining -Coco's type or higher end Dennys restaurant. My husband and I love going here because they give you hearty portions, lots of options and they serve breakfast ALL day long! Which he loves their omelette scramble. . . One downside is I went here for my bachelorette party, and their suites all have 1 BED only. They don't have 2 bed suites at TI, like Venetian does. So it was a giant suite with 1 tiny queen (maybe a king?) bed. Also the doors on the suite were not sound-proofed at all, we could hear all the noise from the hallway. You'd think with suites they would sound proof it and make it as grandeur as possible. They need to fix that and would gain a lot more big groups of people staying in their suites like Venetian does. . . Also another "bonus" is the Sirens of TI show right in front of the hotel. It replaced the pirate show, and now they're trying to get out of the "family-friendly reputation" so they put a "sexy" show. It's tacky, but it's free. It's just lots of skimpy-clad women running around putting on a "pirate" show. It's amusing to see at least once.
This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. I love the atmosphere, the food, the casino, and just about everything else about TI. Last time here my travel agent got me a flight out of Pittsburgh with a brief layover in Cincinnatti (stayed on the plane, a boarded a few passengers) and was in Vegas 5 hours later. We each got a single room with a huge king size bed for 327, including airfare, 5 days and four nights. We could not pass up this deal. It departed the day after thanksgiving and Vegas was pretty barren. . . When we checked it, the front desk clerk gave us a coupon book good for many free items, including some things located right at Treasure Island. One of the items was a coupon good for twenty five dollars in slot play up the street at the Stratosphere. There were also free meals, BOGO buffets, two for one helecoptor tours of Hoover Dam, ETC.. . The rooms were huge, nice and clean except for one thing, my toilet didn't flush, I called the front desk and they apologized and sent up a bellhop to get my bags and upgraded me to a suite. What a great suite it was too. Nice living room area, walk in closet, and giant bedroom with a california king sized bed. I could travel like this a lot!. . Great casino here at TI, I found the slots to be pretty loose, the blackjack dealers are extremely friendly, and, they have a great sportsbook.. . It's not one of the newer hotels, but this place is still my favorite place on the strip to gamble, and stay when I come to Vegas. They treat you right.
I just stayed here over the weekend and wow, I must admit they have one comfortable king size bed! I was dead tired at 5am, slept only a couple hours and I woke up feeling refreshed and ready to take on the slots! We went to a steakhouse in the hotel and the Australian Lobster was incredible.  It pratically made me melt from being so good.  I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  I got my room for $80 total for just a night which was the best rate on the strip for a nice hotel.  I wouldn't mind staying here again, but I prefer a hotel more at the heart of the strip!. . Tip:  If you sign up for their guestbook online, they will give you special offers which is a lot better than the ones on the website (My room was only $50 a night)!  Always sign up for those specials deals on hotel stay and tickets to show!
We had found a deal for buy one night and get one free at this hotel. Neither of us had ever had a stay at the Treasure Island so we gave it a go.. . Of course, when you get a buy one get one free deal you assume that you will get the worst room but our room was pretty good. We had a view over the road and part of the Fashion Show Mall and were on the 31st floor- I was just hoping that there would be no emergency where we couldnt use the lifts.. . The sink was cracked and the room could have done with a little updating but everything else was fine. There was no visible signs of bed bugs which is a good thing as the past couple of years I have had this insane fear of them so had there been any sign we would have been out of there like a shot!. . The bed was really comfortable, so comfortable that one night out of our stay we slept a solid 12 hours!. . When you check in you get a lot of coupons to get offers- there was one for buy one get one free drinks up to a certain value (I cannot recall whether it was 9 or 11 dollars) however, we were not able to find ANY place in the hotel where we could redeem these.. . Additionally the WIFI was not automatically included when you paid the resort fee, even though the card we had said that the resort fee included access to WIFI- I believe what they meant was that whilst you could access the WIFI you had to pay for it.. . Upon checking out we forgot to pick up our jackets- we had hung them in the closet and not worn them at all. Given that we live in Southern California we are already used to not having a jacket so it was easy to miss!. . We were staying in another hotel nearby for another night so were still in the area. The lost and found filed a report in the evening when we notified them but nothing had been found- we were obviously really annoyed about this. However, when we called the morning we were due to leave the jackets had been found. RELIEF. . . Its not a 5 star review because there are things which could be improved but for the deal we got we were very happy!
A nice place to stay on the Vegas strip.
TI is in a great location with a balance of fine qualities: decent rooms, a professional staff, plenty of on-site restaurants and gambling possibilities, a nice pool-area, and a decent gym.
I just came back from my stay at TI over President's weekend.  They let us check in at 10am which was wonderful.  We had a great room over looking the strip.  King sized bed and duvet were so comfortable, I could have slept for days.  Room was clean and maids were promptly ready to clean your room by 9 am.  We got 2 free buffets with our stay.  I liked that the casino was not always packed with people so you could get on the machines or tables you wanted to without a wait.  Check out was super quick...just tell them your name and hand them your key.  The only complaint I had is that waitresses were hard to come by when you were on the slot machines.  I would still stay at TI the next time I visit Vegas!
If you're in Vegas with a smaller group (less than 4), TI is a great option.. . The rooms are affordable, yet clean.  The beds are comfortable.  The main downside is the lack of food options downstairs.  Gambling tables downstairs have $10 minimums at certain times of day - great for novice gamblers such as myself!  The sports room is large and has comfortable seating.  . . Their suit style rooms are large with one king size bed and a long couch.  Lots of floor space but little sleeping space, not sure how I feel about this.  I'll probably just stick with their standard rooms if I stay in TI.  There are always sales going on too so you can get a great deal all year round!
I now have stayed at TI twice, the first time was a couple of years ago I organized a large bachelorette party for 20 girls here and I recently stayed here with a co-worker for a conference that was across the street at the Venitian.   Treasure Island was a great option for a moderately priced hotel for both purposes for my trips to Vegas.  The beds are comfortable and the room decor is trendy and looked recently renovated.  There are a few good options for drinks or appetizers onsite; and a selction of restaruants, though not upscale, offer decent dining options.   The casino is not as large as other hotels, which may dissappoint gambling fans, but also felt quieter and made the hotel easier to navigate than other Vegas hotels I have been in.   The location on the strip is very good with more upscale hotels such as the Venetian  and tons of shopping very close by.   . . There are a few negatives to this hotel.  The Sirens of TI show occurs several times a night, which is fine if your purpose in Vegas is to stay out late so you never hear it anyway; but can get obnoxious if you are actually in your room which faces the show and hear the blasts of the fireworks night after night.   Most people in Vegas will opt to eat dinner out; however, if for some reason you are eating in your room I do not reccommend TI room service.  It was very expensive and the food was greasy.  . Aside from the the less than stellar room service; TI is a great option for trendy and nice, yet budget friendly option.
Best buffet in town!  Great hotel!
I stayed here when it first opened many years ago. At the time Ceasars and The Mirage were the big dogs and the whole pirate ship show out front was a big deal. I was upgraded for free to a top floor room with a sick view and can't help but think TI helped cement my life long love of Las Vegas.. . Fast Foward 15 or so years. I don't think I have done more than walk through the place a few times since. But when I returned for noodle soup (read Pho at the Coffee Shop review) I saw a $5 craps table on my way out. I stopped to play a while with the  light morning crowd.. . The dealers were friendly and fun and everyone was having a good time playing the game. I think that is all you can ask for in a casino. I also like the feature bet. While  I'm sure it's a sucker bet the 176 to 1 odds can make one happy sucker. I will return to play craps here and eat soup. Good Luck.
I liked it. . The room was good, the reception desk friendly, not much waiting time... what else?. Easy!
TI was great.  We matched with TI on Priceline for $40 a night, and figured it would be a terrible place because we got such a great deal.  Nope!  Everything was lovely.. . Room: The room was huge, modern, and beautiful.  We let the person at the check-in desk know that it was our anniversary, and they offered to upgrade us; we got a corner room.  This is a very specific pro, but I really liked their bath soap.  It has bumps on it, so bathing was like getting a silky massage.. . Hotel in general: It was... okay.  The casino seemed smoky and not as open as other ones we saw.  The attraction, though (the Sirens of TI show) was a lot of fun.  The one thing that surprised me about the hotel was that they charge a daily service fee of $20.  I take it many Vegas hotels (but not all) do this.  They try to convince you that you get stuff for your $20, and I *guess* you do (free wireless internet, a 2-for-1 buffet coupon that we used and enjoyed, a "special screening area" for the Sirens show)... but still... it felt sneaky.. . Location: Wonderful.  This is considered the north part of the center of the strip.  So you're still in the middle of all the action, but you're not in the middle of the middle of the action.  We walked most everything (though took a city bus to Freemont St), and thought TI was a great location for walking.  There's also a Walgreen's across the street, which means you can buy cheap[er] breakfast foods and snacks there.
Had a great time with friends and coworkers at treasure Island. Everyone from the valet to check in to the bar to Gillies to the hosts to the pit bosses were friendly and a lot of fun. . . The room is we're small but very nice.  The only problem I had was the room next-door decided to come home from their partying at 4 AM and I make a lot of noise. But then again this is Vegas. . . I would definitely return
I received an offer for two free nights in this hotel and expected it to be "meh." That being said, our stay at this hotel was a dream. The hotel was able to put us on the 27th floor facing the south strip. The room was quite well appointed and clearly taken care of. The casino was clean and vibrant. To top it off every staff member we interacted with was helpful and friendly.. . The only bit that fell short of our expectations were the restaurants. The could use a bit more variety and quality.
Nice location on strip, better then average room, clean beds. But be warned, you better put that do not disturb sign on the door because the maids are on it first thing in the morning. Was also suppose to get an upgrade thru Expedias VIP services but was told at check-in that they were sold out and could not give me the upgrade. They do charge you the resort fees but also give you 2 for 1 coupons that makes up for it! Would definitely stay again!
Definitely underestimated this place!! While it might lack the fabulosity of the Aeria or Cosmo it certainly makes up for in charm and overall cleanliness of the place. I'll have to admit I was expecting this place to be a little run down but was pleasantly surprised by our rooms being more in the updated side of things. They have a none smoking section which was simply amazing because I cannot stand cigarette smoke. We definitely had a good night sleep since the beds were super comfy! It was like melting into a marshmallow. . . My only dislike for this hotel was the Kahuna restaurant downstairs! Other than that this was definitely a great place to stay.
Nice hotel... helpful staff and they were a little under staffed to get people checked in I think as there was a line on a WEDNESDAY!! haha! We got upgraded to a $ 200.00 suite for only paying $100.00 and it was a huge suite with whirlpool and 2 bathrooms etc... All i can say is the experience was great! definitely a good spot to go on the strip and easy to get in and out of.. .  Just make sure you pay attention to the valet / parking signs otherwise you'll get lost or confused, maybe that was just me!?! ;-)
Stayed here last week , room was great , service was great . Restaurants and buffet need work , they are old and need to be refreshed . Pool is nice , gym is great ,.. Beds have agronomic mattress Slept like a baby :) . One of the best located hotels on the strip with easy access to the car garage .. . Will stay here again !!!!
Decent, well priced hotel on the strip. Their beds are extremely comfortable!  Def will stay again.
TI isn't blow-your-mind amazing, but for what they're charging, I'm relatively happy with what I got. . . The good: . -90 for 2 weeknights, not too bad!. -Rooms are pretty spacious and modern, fitted with a flat-screen TV, an EMPTY fridge so you can store more stuff, and a user-friendly safety deposit box.. -Free wifi!. -Located right on the strip.. -Nice, soft duvet, an array of different-sized pillows. . The bad:. -Our room smells pretty smoky, but maybe that's something hard to avoid since it seems like everyone smokes in Vegas.. -The shower is terrible. Low-pressure showerhead that leaves me feeling icky...yuck!. -There is a $25/day surcharge on top of the room fees that they only tell you when you check in. Sneaky! (Okay, the hubs just said that they mentioned the surcharge on our booking page, but it was in small print all the way down the page on Expedia. I maintain that this is super sneaky.). -You're not allowed to bring your own water or food to the pool, which sucks as Vegas is so hot and dry it takes no time at all to start getting thirsty. They do this in the hope that guests will buy more of their overpriced drinks, which is really annoying.. -The hubs thinks that the AC in the back of the hotel is noisy and can be heard from our room, buthe is super sensitive when it comes to noises like these, whereas I am able to tune it out, so this only affects whiny people like him.... -Also, according to the hubs, the toilet splashes when you pee, so you have to aim from a lower height. Hmmm...that might be TMI. Once again though, not a problem I've come across! :P. . Overall, it's an okay hotel to come to if you're on a budget.
This is still a nice casino located across from the Fashion Show Mall (my favorite mall here, besides the premium outlets/north); it was fairly new when I moved here in 1991. This is another property that did a makeover overhaul recently; moving away from the pirate theme which was very popular even before the Disney movies came out. The (free) Sirens of TI replaced the other free show (see, I can't even remember the name of it, jeez, how quickly we forget- that's bad or good marketing, depending on your outlook). My husband says too many casinos are going  "Yuppy." . . Places to eat: Phil's, La Isla, Kahunaville, Gilley's, Senor Frog's, Pizzaria Francesco, Canter's Deli, The Cafe, The Coffee Shop, The Buffet, Pho, Starbuck's, and Ben & Jerry's. I've been to Kahunaville (liked it alot, wouldn't mind going again), The Buffet (just ok, i'll pass), and Ben & Jerry's (what's not to like?). I'd been to Gilley's, but when it was in a different location, the Frontier casino. . . I've been to Mystere twice and I loved it! There is also a spa, meeting rooms, and other shows (comedy) besides night life here. And finally, there is a gift shop, arcade, and a pool for guests. Before the Mandalay Bay casino was here, I loved the atmosphere here, a tropical feeling. Very close proximity to the Fashion Show Mall, which makes it very convenient to go shopping.
What I really like about Treasure Island is that it is nice, without being hoity-toity.  One of the things I noticed about the famous Vegas casinos is that they're either nice but overly pretentious and 'hip,' or relaxed, casual, but outdated, and I found TI to be one of the few ones that is pretty balanced.
I was pleasantly surprised.  I guess they did a big remodel recently, so the rooms don't feel like they're fraying at the edges, of everything.  . . I would definitely go back, good location (near mall, Wynn, Venetian), pretty cheap, and the room was plenty nice for your standard Vegas hotel room.  . . Was not wholly impressed by the dining, but hey, just a short walk to the Wynn Buffet.
Stayed here during Sring Break & it was GREAT! Love the room. Love the pool party too. Great customer service. We book a deluxe room & when we arrive we had the room with the strip view didn't have to pay the difference. I will definitely stay at TI again. Hopefully soon. Love Vegas. Thanks TI for a wonderful stay. . . Book in advance on ther website they always have great deals.
Really nice, clean, modern and affordable rooms. Free pool that was actually pretty nice with a DJ and everything. The service was great too.. If you are into luxury themed hotels or fancy suites, TI probably isn't for you. If you want something in-between the nicer 5 star hotel/casinos and the economy hotel/casinos - TI is it. Cheaper, cleaner and better than MGM.
Brings me lots luck here, specially the 777 slot machines...  :-)
I have stayed here many times before, but not after they have done the remodeling. The casino does not seem as smokey as before and when you walk around the casino it has like a fresh flowery smell to it especially when you approach the guest elevators to go up to your room.. . The rooms have been remodeled with dark wood furniture and looks very contemporary especially with a flat screen tv. The bed itself was just fine with it not being too hard or soft. The only part I wish they could have changed was the shower heads as they looked old, but did have decent pressure.. . Our check-in process was fairly quick and just took about 10 minutes to get through the line and get our room keys. They also went through all of the discounts we got  booking online on the TI website. We had gotten 2 for 1 buffet, 2 for 1 spa and 2 for 1 drinks at Gilley's. You will also get a 35% discount to Mystere if you are a hotel guest. The check-out process is super easy as you can just check-out in your own room through the tv menu. Two thumbs up!!!. . One major gripe I have with staying at TI is that their pool is super small and is impossible to swim in since it is too shallow and there are usually just many people standing in the pool drinking. Also grabbing a pool chair can be difficult if it is crowded and you get there late.
For a decent price, you can snag a deal for a room at TI. Surprisingly, the rooms are pretty nice. It's clean and modern and the beds are comfy too. As for the hotel itself, there isn't really much to look at or to be mesmerized by. Maybe the show with the pirates ships outside, but I'm pretty sure it's the same show I saw when I used to come here with my parents like 20 years ago. The only thing that's changed is that they have remodeled the hotel and I think they did a good job (on the rooms, at least).. . The cafe downstairs in the casino is one of my favorites in Vegas. It's not cheap, but the food there is pretty good. The service can be rather slow especially when they were busy. I've heard that the pho restaurant is pretty good too. Not authentically good, but a nice rendition of the Vietnamese noodle soup. Overall, not a bad hotel to stay at during a trip to Vegas. What does it matter anyway? You shouldn't be spending your precious time in a hotel room when you're in the fabulous Las Vegas!
Yah not bad. Hey my bed was really comfortable and I slept well. I had a room on the 29th floor overlooking the pool. I was here for a conference and many people on lower floors complained of noise from the cannon ball during the night and some sort of fan system. I like the location on the strip and it's pretty convenient to get to a lot of thins. Mall right across the street with higher end stores over Miracle Mile. Fuck the miracle mile! . . The crowd for Mystere every night was a little annoying. The bars in here aren't so great, a little seedy and felt older than the hotel was. I did not like at night that there is a good fellas looking guy standing at the elevators asking for keys abrasively. Nor do  I care for the almost exact looking guy guarding the pool, which by the way is in the weirdest location, you can see it from every angle of the hotel except for where the entrance actually is..... it's odd. Gambling is so so, not the worst but not a great variety of slots. These penny slots are the biggest rip off, I want the old days with nickle slots. . . The hotel doesn't have any great dining but it is close to the hotels that do!
This was my first trip to Vegas so I don't quite have any other hotels in that area to compare it to, but I absolutely had no complaints! . . Just from the looks of it, it certainly wasn't the Caesar's Palace or Bellagio's but I enjoyed it. The room was surprisingly clean and modern, we didn't do much hanging around in the lobby area but the restaurants & casinos were plentiful. The bed was so comfortable, I slept like a baby! (Also may have to do with the fact that we were out all night!) . . The service is obviously not what I was looking for in a Vegas hotel, so I wasn't disappointed or impressed. The check-in process was like a cattle call, nothing personal and not friendly. . . The location was probably the main thing, right on the strip and close to everything! I loved it and my heels appreciated that too! . . As far as the Sirens of TI, I had the worst luck. I went when they were doing construction, so everything was torn apart and nothing was going on. You couldn't even tell what was supposed to even be there - it was that bare. I'm upset, but hopefully I'll get another chance to watch it! . . The price - as everyone knows - isn't as ridiculous as some of the neighboring hotels. If you're looking for quality customer service with a top notch room, maybe pay the extra $100 to stay elsewhere, but if you (like most of us) only need a room with a bed to stay in that's in a great location, save the $100 for the craps table and stay here!
If you're looking for a hotel all up in the action of the Las Vegas Strip but not willing to cut off an arm and leg for it, Treasure Island is your place. For a mere $80/night (although you also have to dish out an annoying and rather pointless $25/night resort fee), you can plant yourself near the heart of the Strip, right within walking distance of The Venetian, The Palazzo, and Mirage (there's also a tram that runs b/w TI and Mirage), and a 2min drive away from Monte Cristo, Caesar's Palace, The Bellagio, and other prominent Vegas hotels. My boyfriend and I spent two nights here: our room was nice and clean and modern-looking (thank God!), we had a great view of the pool and Strip, and we were extremely pleased with our stay.. . * Food Options: The Buffet (nothing special. Luckily, we were given a 2-for-1 coupon at check-in), Coffee House (breakfast, brunch, lunch), Pho (Vietnamese cuisine), Gilly's Saloon (BBQ), Senor Frogs, Phil's Italian Steakhouse, Pizzeria Francesco's, etc.... . * Show Options: Cirque du Soleil's "Mystere" - didn't see it. TI's outdoor "Sirens" show: 20min show with pirates and scantily-clad, singing and dancing sirens. Kind of tacky, but whatever, it's free.. . * Nightlife & Casino: Kahunaville Bar, Gilly's Saloon (complete with mechanical bull riding), Senor Frogs, random bars. Casino was well-managed, big, and enjoyable. I had slot machines galore and my boyfriend was content at his poker tables.. . The only thing TI's missing is a good lounge or club, as the ones it has leave a lot to be desired. After hearing about clubs like XS, Marquee, and LAVO, and coming back from partying at the Wynn's Tryst, even thinking about finishing the night in a rainforest-esque place like Kahunaville was a definite turn-off. Aside from that, TI does the trick in my book. I'd stay here again.
The front desk lady was very nice & checking in went by smoothly!  The beds here are sooo comfortable.  I slept like a baby!  Prices aren't that bad either and the hotel is pretty nice as well.  Service isn't that great though.. We had to ask twice to get some extra towels.  Oh well.  All I did here was sleep, shower, recover, and gamble so that's all I can comment on.
When I stayed here Nicki Minaj's jam was ringing in my head,  Starships were meant to fly...hands up and touch the sky..can't stop...cause were so high...lets do this one more.... . That jam gave me that added feel to this hotel, really that melody relates to that beachy tropical theme that TI has to offer, Wow... only if I had used their swimming pool outside I'd probably spot Nicki Minaj singing to the beats and following her rhythm, shoot! her song haunted me even walking by Serendipity because they played that song through their speakers and it also got us singing along Starships on the road trip back home. . . Anyways, I really love this hotel its not outdated or rundown, but its comfy. We had the double queen bedroom that had the pool view, but we wanted a king bed facing the strip, that wasn't available.  The bed was very comfortable, you gotta have those fluffy comforters, any bed with brown thin comforters to me isn't worth a hotel stay in opinion. The bath was clean and had a decent layout, flat screen tv, overall size of the bedroom was just right.. . Mildly hip hotel, I see now why they shortened their hotel name to T.I. (nice marketing scheme.) Their casino here is not as big as other hotel casinos on the strip, but I don't gamble. Only if they had a decent selection of restaurants that would be worth trying could've up the ante here, but to me the comfort plus a bargain stay here gets me breakdancing beyond the Starships! How memorable that stay was.
Spent the first weekend of the summer at TI this year and was pleasantly surprised. We paid about $350 for Thursday-Monday so it was a good price for what you got. The check in was easy and the clerk gave us a nice 25th floor room that overlooked the pirate show and strip. The room itself offered free WiFi which was both reliable and fast (enough to stream the Pacquiao fight from my MacBook). I probably won't be coming back because I have the type of personality that always wants to try something new but it's about the quality and service you'd expect from a 4 star place. No complaints.
Pretty decent location and rooms are nice. I really have no complaints! We checked out the pool area too and it probably wasn't as nice as some of the other hotels' pools, but it was decent. The water was pretty gross though.. . I like how the hotel has a variety of restaurants and its own Starbucks. They are also home to KA, I believe so that's pretty cool.. . Room service was quick and very helpful. I'd stay here again for the affordable prices.
Nice location. Check-in took 2 minutes on 4th of July (FREE EARLY CHECK-IN 10:00 AM!!! ++++++) & Check-out was easy & fast via express check-out on TV. . . Upon checking in, sandwiched a $20 and was upgraded to a strip view and on a higher floor with complimentary bottle of champagne and 2 free buffet passes. It was worth it. Considering it was 4th of July weekend, I knew i couldn't get the executive suite (all booked). . . 31st floor. Decent room, comfy beds, comfy pillows, big bath tub, and an amazing view of strip (all the way down to Mandalay Bay). The pool was sparkling at 8 AM, but by noon it looked murky. The pool could use some TLC. the DJ was playing all sorts of good music like mariah carey, sir mix a lot, michael jackson, 90s music, and a bunch of top 40. BTW you can hear the DJ/music at the pool on the 31st floor, and if that bothers you then request a room on the other side of the hotel. You will get good sun/tanning exposure at the TI pool up until 8:00 PM (!!!). . . . The A/C worked well, the vent worked well, room service was fast, and housekeeping requests were fast. . . I wish they had better flat screen TV - it was lagging. The mini-fridge is on the verge of dying. The makeup mirror/bathroom light could use some better light bulbs. . . Walking distance to the Fashion, McDonalds, Chipotle, Imperial Palace (Hash House a Go Go), and Walgreens.
Not bad for the money! The pool was way too crowded. Would go here again if i came back to vegas. We wanted to stay at the paris hotel and we are glad we didnt because it was right in the middle of all of the crazy people bugging you to buys show tickets every 2 feet. That would get really annoying!
While the hotel lobby looks a little worn (especially the fading carpet), our room was nice, clean, comfortable, and updated. We were lucky and got a good view of the Strip. I could see Encore, Wynn, and the Palazzo straight out the window..  . The room price was reasonable, but tax on the room was more than 12%. There's also a nonnegotiable $25 resort fee + tax (it covers internet in the room). (The resort fee total came to $28). Just know that the charges add up.. . There was a refrigerator (not very cold), but the bed was soft and comfortable.
My husband and I have stayed here twice and would stay there again.  There are great places to eat there.  We spent a lot of time in Gilley's because of the fun atmosphere and good food.  It is a nice location with convenient places around it - Starbucks, Walgreens, Tickets 4 Sale.  . . The rooms are nice with comfy beds, refrigerator and bath tub, perfect for what we needed - didn't spend a lot of time in the room.   Great price for what we got and a great view of the strip..  . If I had a complaint it would be that children aren't welcome here unless you want to pay more.  We got good prices for the rooms on vegas.com, but when we put in children to stay the price jumped up quickly so if our children are going with us we will definitely stay somewhere else. For my husband and me it was just what we wanted!
The price was great! The room was great! Its in a prime location....walking distance to everything. Their buffet is to die for. the only thing lacking was their customer service....for working in a service industry in vegas no less the customer service should be top notch. Always leave it to a few bad apples to ruin it for the bunch.
Great location. Good price. . . Check-in was a breeze as we came on a Thursday afternoon before the weekend rush. Our front desk agent was very friendly and great in suggesting restaurant options. Also she was nice enough to give a us a room with a strip view! *high five!* Within five minutes we were on our way.. . Treasure Island (TI) is a great location depending on the activities you want to do. Luckily for us majority of the things we did happened to be on our side of the strip. It's within walking distance to the Venetian Shops and Walgreen's and if you go out of the hotel and make a left you hit some shops and restaurants.. . Their pool is a nice size and plenty of chairs to lay on and you can even order a fruity drink like the Miami Vice (Pina Colada and Strawberry Daiquiri mix) from one of the serving girls while sunbathing! Hungry? Kahunaville has an outdoor patio where you can chill and order some grub.. . Our room is average, nothing too rave about, and every time we leave and place our "room need to be clean" card in our key card holder it's always clean and towels restock upon our return. It's very welcoming to come back to a clean room after a tiring day in the sun.. . We didn't have any issues or complaints. Would stay here again to save money esp. since we're not in our room often, but to sleep, shower, or get ready.
First time we stayed here.  Didn't expect much for the low price we got on the internet.  But was rather suprised with our stay.  Every staff person I dealt with was friendly.   The hotel and casino is a little worn, but was clean for the most part.  Great location and great views of the strip.  Evelyn at the front desk was extreamly helpful and nice.  The tables were fun and dealers easy to talk too.  Wished the pool area wasn't so crowded, but the pool was nice, enjoyed there being a built in bench around the inside of the pool.  Drinks by the pool weren't too expensive and were tasty.   I had a frozen one with strawberry and pina colada, with toasted coconut.  I could have drank about a gallon of that stuff.   Over all it was a great stay and would stay there again.  Moved over to the Red Rocks Resort for a couple days after we left here, I would have rather stayed here.
Got a great deal, 50% off on a room with two queens plus 2 free buffet tickets for one night (even though the online promotion said minimum 2 night stay for the free buffet). The room was clean and comfortable, we had a view of the fireworks from the Sirens show, which wasn't that loud.. The buffet was on par with my college's dining hall, so it wasn't great but it was free! For the price, I'm a fan! It's so close to the Wynn, too, which is beautiful.
#1 place to stay when coming to Vegas as far as cleanliness and valuego together. IT doesn't smell like smoke like most of the other casinos. Nice quiet comfortable rooms with nice TV's, bathrooms and down comforters. Try it next time you're in Vegas!
We stayed here for my buddy's bachelor party. We booked 2 conjoined rooms which were very comfortable. One of the best mattresses i have ever slept on. both rooms had an amazing view of the strip. There are some cool bars and restaurants located here. It is also right across the street from the Wynn, Venetian, and the Palazo so heading out on an adventure is quite simple. . . My only complain is the check in line as well as the ease of finding your room. You have to take a certain elevator and those elevators are hard to find. Other than that, i would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone who is looking for a good room at a good price.
Just got home from our wonderful 2 night stay inthe tower suite at TI!! The best thing about this hotel was the bed!! The most comfortable bed, pillows, bedding EVER!! I really don't know how I will sleep at home now! . . Other positives: . His & her bathrooms. Jacuzzi tub . View . Spacious room . . Now for the casino area... It was nice & not too crowded but it was midweek so I don't know about the weekends. I've seen some other reviews complaining about the smoke in the casino but it wasn't bad!!! I HATE cigarettes & trust me it wasn't bad!. The 2 men working at the players club desk were very rude!!!! I had a few questions regarding the players club card but decided not to even ask due to the rudeness!!. . Restaurants:. We went to gilley's, just for drinks & karaoke and it was fun! The waitress was very attentive & friendly! . We also went to senor frogs for appetizers & drinks and I really loved it there! The waiter was very friendly but not very attentive. The nachos were soooo good & the drinks were very strong & delicious! The atmosphere is great, even on a Wednesday night they had a band & a dj, lots of fun!. We also went to the buffet & the food was great! But the service was just ok, the lady at the cashiers desk, the seater & the waiter were not friendly at all. . . Overall the TI was great & I will stay here again in the future :)
Got a good deal for a recent quick trip to Vegas.. . I'd stay here again if there are deals like I got. It's got that early 90's Vegas Strip feel and that is what I like about Vegas. Many of the newer casinos don't "feel" like Vegas to me.. . TI is great for the adult kids, like myself.
Got a good deal through price line. Called to confirm the reservation with TI and was surprised to learn there was a 25.00 resort fee. After finding this out I called price line to voice my opinion which was nothing short of a joke (calls are transferred to the Philippians after a certain time, who basically say they can not help you and write a letter to corporate). Anyways, I was very upset to find out about this fee since several other nice hotels do not charge any resort fee. Called TI again and spoke to the front desk, little did I know if you book through price line the resort fee IS OPTIONAL. In fact when I checked in they didn't even need my credit card or a deposit for security. I stayed at TI for two nights then off to the Palazzo for one night, since I had a comp night there. In comparison of course the Palazzo was way up there and TI was just okay but all in all I very much enjoyed my stay at TI. . . I liked our room. It even had a cold mini fridge to keep our stuff in. A plasma tv, nice bathroom area. I am not sure why people find it hard to get to the elevators. It is very simple once you check in to go to the elevator to get to your room, no issues there. The tram comes to TI and connects with Mirage, which was very nice.. . There was ALOT of noise at night because of the show that is put on if you have a strip view room. However on the plus side my child very much enjoyed seeing the fireworks go off at night for the show from our room. . . We very much enjoyed the pool. Music was playing, but not too loud and crazy. Didn't have to fight for a seat like at Mandalay Bay or Venetian, and it was about 112 degrees outside when we went. . . The casino was nice. Smaller than some resort hotels but it was nice.. . I honestly don't really have any complaints about TI and would defiantly stay here again.  Come on 109.00 included taxes out the door for two nights on the strip in Vegas, not too shabby.
We just got home from a two night stay in Vegas.  We got a deal off GroupOn to stay at Treasure Island.  Overall, it was a great experience.  . . One of the negative things about the hotel was the Front Desk staff.  I did have two women that were nice, but for the most part, whenever I called and ever checking in the women was very rude and not informative at all.  Our deal included a pool cabana, Cirque tickets, and complimentary champagne and strawberries and she gave us no information on what or when to claim these items.  Also, on GroupOn, it said there were over 500 hundred vouchers sold and none of the staff at the front desk seemed to know anything about the deal.  I work in a office where we use the vouchers often and we are trained to know what to do when a client comes in with one.. . On the plus side, the staff at the box office for Mystere, which was a very impressive Cirque show and would highly recommend it, was wonderful.  He instantly new were had a GroupOn voucher and was getting to know us and being extremely helpful.  And I can't say enough good things about the staff at the pool.  Our cabana supervisor, Scottie, was the most personable guy we met in Vegas.  He checked up on us, made sure all our goodies were stocked constantly and got to know us as well.  He really seemed to be interested in our plans and us which made the pool experience so much more natural and comfortable.  Also our first server of the day, Erin, was so awesome and helpful!  I loved the pool and the DJ.  He played such a variety of music and was taking requests and shout outs.  I would also recommend eating at Kahunaville, an American/Hawaiian fusion restaurant, or Gilley's, a country saloon that serves BBQ and has a great bar!  We ate breakfast and lunch at Kahunaville one day because it was delicious.  Our room was a tower suite with a great view of TI's Sirens Show and the strip!  The most comfortable beds we have ever slept in by far!  Very large and great bathrooms.. . The new Sirens Show is different.  Very much more Vegasy...there are signs warning parents that it's not for kids.  And it's Vegas...why are you bringing your kids anyways??. . I would definitely stay at Treasure Island again!  Loved being on the strip and our experience.
Great rooms with the players club room comps! Our free 2 night stay was awesome! Our room was right over the pirate show, facing the strip, and the room was huge! It was a Great Success!
This Place has changed since a long time ago. Early check in, clean hotel, free champagne, "ok room" and ok price, though the resort fee sucks. By no means a 5 star hotel, but the vaue and complete package is a 4 star, with easy walking distance to mall and the wynn.
good place to stay, the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. The room was clean and roomy.
I enjoyed my low-key stay here just fine. There was a great promotional price that helped get me in the door -- and I'm glad to have met TI's acquaintance. They have recently undergone a complete renovation.  From the moment I walked into Treasure Island, there was a professional touch that I appreciated. A lady who was cleaning a heavily trafficked door opened another door for me, whose hands were full. At Check-in, the way the associate carefully and with two-hands returned important things like Drivers License, Credit Card, was so specific and intentional, I liked it.. . My room was comfy, clean and relatively spacious; the King bed gave me a good sleep. The in-room internet worked generally very well. I upgraded to the Strip View for a few bucks more to insure a higher floor, and that's recommended if you're at all concerned about possible noise. I was actually across from the ice machine -- but was not disturbed. The bathroom was just fine --- nothing terribly new about that, but it certainly was functional, spacious and clean.. . I did not eat in the restaurants, including the buffet. The reviews were beyond dreadful for The Coffee Shop, and ironically, the line was huge for it the one time I considered going. I'm not a big fan of Canter's in Los Angeles, so no need for me to try it in LV. I wound up across the street at the Venetian for breakfast. . . The Oleksandra Spa, on the Third Floor, looks very nice -- and you walk into it in order to reach the Fitness Center. If you're at all serious about working out, you should be good here. The machines are Precor (not my favorite, but certainly fine), and the free weights are ready to go. A nice touch I found, in the morning, is fresh fruit (apples, bananas etc). Very glad to see this! They have bottled water here, too. . . The Resort Fee of $25 was a reasonable deal, I felt, given the handful of services and coupons included. . . Overall, TI worked great. It could be for business or pleasure, and I'd be glad to return.
Let me start off my saying I'm a Palazzo girl through and through.  That is always my first choice of hotel whenever I find myself in Vegas.  BUT, sometimes the cost can be a bit too much.  . . I planned a long weekend of fun for my son and I and we ended up booking at TI.  I won't lie ... I was nervous because it's VERY different from the Palazzo, but you know what?  We loved it and had a great time.. . Check-in was a breeze and our strip view room was great.  Our agenda was to be poolside by day and dining out at fabulous restaurants by night.   Done and done.. . The pool was super fun!  While you couldn't place your lounge chairs IN the pool (like you can at the Palazzo), they had bench seating all the way around the pool so you could easily kick back and enjoy the sun from there. We also rented a couple of day beds so we could ensure our sunning comfort.  A DJ plays from 12-6 which really helped the vibe.  The crowd was a total mix of kids, 20-somethings and up.  . . Overall, I absolutely enjoyed by stay there and would stay again.
As far as rooms go, I think TI is terrific bang for the buck. Only $40/night on weekdays, and considering that $29/night gets you into Luxor or Excalibur, I would say that dollar for dollar, TI value goes further. . . My complaint is that the dining kind of sucks at TI, so you almost certainly have to go elsewhere for that. But the rooms are okay, and the location on the Strip isn't bad either. Gambling scene isn't terrific, but there are low limit tables if you're into that, anything higher limit you'd probably consider going somewhere else.
The hotel is beautiful, like most of the Vegas hotels, its got a view but when i was there, there was construction across the street and the view wasn't that great. . . I enjoyed the pool, bars and casino with in the hotel but i was disappointed that Treasure Island doesn't have any connecting hotels so we couldn't go to other hotels pools. . . The rooms are clean and look very nice. . Over all i enjoyed my stay.
Second time visit Vegas.  With the price, I have nothing to complain.  We got really good deal online, and the room is decent.  The location is great.  On the strip, easy to go everywhere you want on the strip.
We stayed here for Labor Day Weekend with a group of 9 girls. . . We were on the 23rd Floor with a Junior Suite and Connecting King Room. In total we had three bathrooms, two beds and a huge couch - more than enough space for all of us and the view of the strip and the fireworks show was phenomenal! . . The renovation was appreciated by all: updated bathrooms, furniture, and technology made the room elegant feeling and a great value for the little that we paid. . . Only downfall to the guest room: Not much lighting in the room intself. The bathrooms were well equipped and I guess that is what really matters. . . Great location on the strip for going to Tao, XS, and Tryst, walking distance to all of them. Also close to the mall and the Venetian for more shopping. We went to Pho in the hotel after a night of going out - the food was a bit expensive but the portions were GIANT and really yummy. . . The hotel also has a really fun Cowboy Bar - Gilley's that we went to almost every night. Drinks are much less than you will pay anywhere else in Vegas so it was a great place to pre-drink before we went to the Clubs at night. . . We went to the pool one day after going to the Encore Beach Party. The pool was fun, there was a DJ and a pretty big crowd dancing and hanging out pool side - a good option if you just want to stay on property but get the feel that you went to a Pool Party. . . Would def stay here again, espcially if the price is right. Be aware there is a $25/day resort fee.
While there are bigger hotels and hotels with more glam, TI is clean and located in a good spot on the strip.. . I like TI because when you come in from being out you do not have to walk a mile to find the hotel lobby or a way to get to your rooms. . . I love that each room has its own safe. The bathrooms are clean and well stocked with towels, soaps and shampoo. . . I have stayed in pretty much every room but for the penthouse and have never found fault with any of them. Just came back from TI last week.. . Hotel buffet is not what it use to be and personally I would by pass it all together. . . First time we rented a car while there and I found the valet parking to be fast and easy. . . Will stay there again.
This would be a 5 star review - but epic fail occurred  at the main entrance bar last night . The bartender stole my credit voucher ! all of $5.50 what a loser . I love TI and stay here as an invited guest VIP . I returned to the video poker bar and challenged the server with the GM and or security .... no need for that he knew I had him and he returned my credit voucher . This left me with a choice - Do i report him and seek retribution? or just give my $5.50 voucher too the shoe shine boy in the restroom?. LOL. I gave the $5.50 too the shine boy and laughed about the incident with my wife ! . I mean really what a loser , cost his resort a star and will get caught stealing bye his next victim without a doubt.. TI is great and Yay! I'm a fan .
Hotel room is clean and roomy. The bed is comfortable and big. . . Really good value for the size of room and the location on the strip is quite central. . . The queue to check in is LONG and they only had 2 staff but 6 counters.
I thought this place was a really good place to stay at. No one stays in their hotel room when they're in Vegas anyways. . . We rented 3 rooms and it was cool because 2 of them were connected by a door so it was almost like 1 big room. The rooms were a decent size and 2 full sized beds - 6 people fit reasonable comfortable in a room. They had a TV and an ironing board. Good size bathroom. Lot of counterspace for makeup and hair supplies. One complaint though. I was in the middle of a shower and the water suddenly went super cold! What is that all about?. . I like how they spit the elevators so that if you were on the top floors, you don't have to stop at all the lower one before reaching yours. We had a really good view of the strip and it was walking distance to a lot of the places we went to. . . Overall, I would stay here again!
I could start this Yelp review by making some cheesy comparison to hidden treasures, but I won't. Treasure Island (or TI as they call it now) is not The Bellagio, or the Wynn, but it is a fantastic value for the money, particularly if you can get it on Priceline. . . PROS. -If you enjoy shopping, there's probably not a better place to be as the Fashion Show Mall is directly next door and accessible by sky bridge, the Forum Shops at Caesar's are adjacent to the neighboring Mirage hotel, and the shops at The Venetian and Palazzo are right across the street (also by sky bridge). . -The hotel is well-designed and it will take you no more than 5 minutes to get from reception to the guest elevators. There are several bays, and each elevator is designated only to go to a specific set of floors, which prevents overcrowding. If you've ever had to walk through a casino for 20 minutes to get to your room, or waited in a packed elevator bay at rush, you'll really appreciate this.. -Though the hotel does have a resort fee like most outside of the Caesar's Entertainment chain, it is OPTIONAL. If you don't plan on using the WiFi or the fitness center or using the 2 for 1 buffet passes, you can opt out of the $25/day fee. I wish other hotels that had resort fees would do this.. -Beds are comfy and conducive to a good night's sleep. Or spending all day curled in the fetal position, praying for the pounding in your head to stop. (see next point). -The bathroom is relatively spacious, and the floor is comfortable. Let's be real. No one talks about bathroom floors in these reviews, but it's not a real trip to Vegas without a massive hangover, and you might be spending a lot of time in here. The bathroom floor is marble, and feels very cool to the touch. The vanity runs the length of the wall and is completely open underneath without cabinet space, so you can pull a pillow in here and lay under the vanity if you need to be close to the toilet but want to get out of the light. The bathtub is actually spacious as well; I've got broad swimmer's shoulders and I had plenty of room.. . CONS. -The pool area was closed when I went, even though it was 80+ degrees outside, and it looked rather sad compared to some of the others in Vegas. . - Food is EXPENSIVE. A large cheese pizza will set you back $29.00 at the hotel pizzeria, and a supreme is $39.50. Kahunaville had specials late at night, but the atmosphere gets a bit obnoxious after about 8pm.. -If you opt out of the resort fee (25/day) and want to use the WiFi, it costs $19.95 for a rolling 24 hour period. They put a 100 dollar authorization on your card for every day you stay at the hotel when you select an auxiliary service like WiFi, even if you only elect to use it for one day. This is ridiculous. . . TIPS . -If you're not looking for fine dining, take advantage of the food courts at the Fashion Show Mall next door, or across the street at the Palazzo. The hotel buffet is underwhelming, even when 2 for 1.. -There is a 24-hour Walgreens directly across the street from the hotel via sky bridge at the Palazzo. Go here for all of your sundry needs, snacks and sodas. They also have a full liquor selection so that you can pre-party before dealing with the sticker shock of drink prices at Vegas nightclubs.. -If you like shows, Mystere plays at TI, and Beatles' LOVE (both Cirque du Soleil shows) plays at The Mirage next door. NEVER pay full price for tickets to Vegas shows. Half-Price Tickets has a kiosk right outside of the Fashion Show Mall right next door. . -Though the food prices can be a bit much in general, the $4.00 to-go tiramisu at the in-house pizzeria is pretty good. Make sure you're eating it over a table or with a napkin on your lap though; it's topped with lots of chocolate shavings, and it won't be pretty if one slips and melts on your clothes. . -There is a 24 hour Starbucks inside the hotel, but it is not corporate-owned and does not have free WiFi. The Starbucks right outside of the Fashion Show Mall does have free WiFi, though.
Went on a business trip and I enjoyed it, no complaints. The show was fun. The room was clean and room service was great. I would stay there again. It was quite a few years ago so not sure if it's changed since then.
It has been about seven years since my wife and I last stayed at the Treasure Island.  From what I noticed, the rooms have been remodeled as well as the carpets in the hallways. Also, the Social House and some other restaurants and bars are no longer located in the Treasure Island. The reason we like staying at this casino is the location. It's right next to the Fashion Show Mall and it's right across the street from the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn and Encore. We paid a decent price for five nights over Thanksgiving weekend. Our room had a view of the strip and The Sirens show. Our deal included two free buffets which we could only use on Wednesday, Friday or the Monday before we left. They are not valid on the weekend or holidays. I ended up giving them away to a homeless person who was begging on the bridge over to Fashion Show Mall. The only complaint I had about this casino was the ventilation system. It pales in comparison to the newer hotels. I wish they would offer non-smoking sections. By the time we departed, my eyes were completely red from all the smoke in the air. Other than that, I think this a great hotel. The maid service and the other employees at the hotel were all friendly and very accommodating.
Stayed here in a Deluxe Room on 11/30/12-12/2/12.. . Arrival/Check-In: Easy to access the hotel from Las Vegas Blvd. and Spring Mountain. Only downside was the horribly designed parking structure and the long walk to the check in counter. There was complimentary early check-in that day (10am!) which was cool! Check in took about 15 minutes around 2:30pm.. . Price: Got a great deal here for about $180 for 2 nights on Vegas.com (plus 2 free buffets). Added on was a $25/night resort fee and subtracted was a $15 Vegas.com discount code, bringing my 2-night total to a very reasonable $215.. . The $25/night resort fee is high, even for Vegas, but I found it to be bearable. Includes wi-fi, fitness center access, newspaper, printing/calling/faxes, 2-for-1 on cocktails and buffet (M-F only), and $20 for a future visit.. . Location: Great for what my girlfriend and I had planned: A Friday night trip to Surrender and touring around the north end of the strip. There is a free tram to the Mirage and a crosswalks right by the hotel, making the north end of the strip entirely walkable. Although the hotel lacks a major worthwhile attraction aside from Cirque du Soleil's Mystere show, its proximity to places like Wynn/Encore's clubs or Venetian's shops makes up for it - all at a fraction of the cost.. . Hotel: Well laid out. Easy and to find your way around and quick elevators up to your room (they're divided up, so my 26th floor room elevator was for floors 25-30, plus the spa and ballroom floors). The hotel itself is not flashy like the ones surrounding it, but it's still very nice and made me feel comfortable. . . Room: I loved the room! Clean, luxurious, and very functional. The beds were amazing and left me ready and energized the next day following 2 long nights out. Bonuses included was a small refrigerator (no minibar crap inside), safe, a lot of counter space, and an ironing board/iron. The bathroom was contemporary and luxurious as well, featuring a makeup mirror, a well-built bath tub, and toiletries from their in-house spa.. . Gambling: Came up $25 on 5cent slots! hahaha. . Food: Ate at the TI buffet. Middle of the road, but hey, with a free pass or the included 2-for-1 it's worth a quick meal. Did not get a chance to check out the other places. My girlfriend ordered a drink from the Starbucks inside the hotel - skip this one and try the one on the strip instead.. . Amenities: Did not take advantage of these aside from the wi-fi, unfortunately. If I had more time I would have liked to check out the fitness center. The Sirens of TI did not interest me (The Yelp gods warned me it was not worth my time).. . Check out: Fast and easy via TV. Late check out was granted to me so that was cool.. . Overall: I had a wonderful time at TI. I got a tremendous deal but my stay was so good that I would not hesitate to stay here again even if I had to pay a little more. The comfortable rooms were just what I was looking for and its location on the strip should make for quite an appeal to those who want to go out and have someplace nice to come back to. . . I will be coming back here in the future, hopefully to catch Mystere. My trip to TI was definitely one to be treasured. Great value, great rooms, great location, and a very pleasant stay. 4/5.
Regardless of all the negatives shown on Yelp we went anyway for a party. The hotel room was clean, bathrooms clean and the entire stay was perfect. Would definitely stay again. The rates cannot be beat. The smoke in the casino was well removed and the food in house was great. Do not believe all that you read.
I have only stayed at one hotel in Vegas.  It was terrible.  . Treasure Island is not crappy.  . . Despite a room rate change, which they promptly lowered to the correct rates, I was completely satisfied with my stay. . . The rooms have a nice contemporary design, with nice colors.  The king sized bed was incredibly comfortable.  I even appreciated one soft pillow and one firmer pillow.  The bathroom was quite large.  Even the toiletries had a nice scent to them.  We were on the 11th floor, with a view of the Strip.  I found myself sitting in a comfortable lounge chair and staring out at the movement and lights.  . . Check in was easy.  The clerk was helpful and pleasant.  . . My one complaint was the smoke right by the room elevators.  For whatever reason, the filters for the ventilation couldn't really compensate for the smoke right there.  Everywhere else in the casino was fine.  I couldn't smell smoke.  But, everytime we went by the elevators, it was super strong.  . . I did end up gambling about $20.  (For me, that is a lot.)  I stayed for about an hour at the Star Wars Droid Hunt game.  Super fun.  Those game companies know how to keep us entertained! . . Not the fanciest place, but not shabby.  Parking is easy and it is right off the freeway.  We ended walking pretty much everywhere we needed to go.  . . I will be back, the next time I decide to go to Vegas.
I have no real complaint about staying at Treasure Island but I don't have anything great to say either. Our room was on the Penthouse level and I have to say it was nicer than I expected. The service was adequate. The location is at the far end of the strip, which was my only real complaint, but for the price it was easily overlooked.
We stayed at Treasure Island on New Year's Eve and had a great experience.  Yes, checkout was slow, but they kept bringing more employees out to speed up the process.  Checkout was easy because we had already paid for everything.  The bell service brought our bags to our room for us because they had been holding them before we could check in.  Great service!. . The room was awesome!  Amazing blackout curtains, incredibly comfortable bed, and a perfect soaking tub!  Also had a real hair dryer...not a cheap one attached to the wall.  Everything was clean, and we had no problems with the room.. . The experience at TI was okay.  To be honest, we did go to other casinos to gamble or walk around, but TI is so close to the Mirage, Venetian, and Bellagio that it wasn't a big deal.  For New Year's Eve, fireworks were shot off the TI, so we had a great view!  . . I would definitely stay here again!
Back in August of 2011, my friends and I stayed here to celebrate one of our friend's birthday and I still remember it to be one of my best Vegas trips thus far. We had a great deal -- I don't remember the exact price, but the 9 of us paid roughly $40 each.. . The Tower Suite was more than enough space for the 9 of us -- there was a King-sized bed (sleeps 3 people), an L-shaped couch (sleeps another 3), plus we asked for a cot (slept 1 person), and ample floor space (slept another 2). And that wasn't even the great part! There were TWO bathrooms, both equipped with a toilet and private shower (one also had a whirlpool tub).. . With floor to ceiling glass windows, we also had a perfect view of the Pirates and fireworks show every night (although at times, since we were so close to the show, the sound of the fireworks scared the crap out of me when the curtains were closed).. . Treasure Island doesn't have much to offer for the young crowd, but since it's right across from Wynn (meaning also right across from XS, Surrender, and Encore), it's a great location and value for a group of friends who want to have a great time without spending an arm and a leg.
My boyfriend and I booked a trip to Vegas spontaneous and he decided to go with TI for the ARGH Matey Pirate theme. I was pretty skeptical at first because of the previous yelp reviews, but he got such a good deal from vegas.com so I could not turn it down: post NYE rush for a total of about 100 for a thursday and friday night WITH 2 free buffet tickets (your choice of lunch or dinner- I'd recommend dinner for even more savings ;D ). . We parked in the structure and had a hard time looking for the lobby... They need better signs/ direction cues... Don't lug your baggages around if you dont know where you're going, your shoulder is going to HURT!. They charged us for resort fee eventhough we said we won't need any of their services... COME ON! 25 a night for nothing?! This is my least favorite part about TI.. . Anyhow, their deluxe rooms are decent and spacey. The beds are COMFY! Oh my god I miss that king bed already *Glance at my little college twin size bed* The pillows are fluffy and soft! I loved the bed hahahha. The sheets smell/ look very fresh and clean. APPROVED!. . Room service is quick, they promptly bought me my hairdryer when my room is missing one. The halls were fairly quiet. The binds are DARK so you won't even notice the sun rises (this can be both good and bad...). . Overall, I had a decent time here, but I will probably want to experience a different hotel the next time I visit Sin City. Their casino is small and smokey so I didn't really hang there. Check out my review for their buffet if you'd be so kind :)
I really liked this hotel because it was super cheap, nice, and near all the clubs! Well kinda. Kinda because even though we were close to the clubs, we took the cab anyway to save our precious feet since we wore heels almost every night! . . I do love how it is RIGHT next to Fashion Mall !. . This hotel is pretty clean and updated! The decor in the rooms isn't too modern but it is modern enough. We had a weird experience just because there was something wrong with our bath tub.... It wasn't draining so this moldy stench started smelling in our room. After we called the lobby, the front desk had someone immediately fix it for us! Thank goodness! . . I just like this place  a lot especially for its price! $57 a night? What a deal! We even booked this hotel literally a night before too. I just don't like how it is far from Miracle Mile Mall and Marquee. Hmph! . . Other than that I'd stay here again on my next visit to Vegas!
TI is a nice hotel located at the center of the LV strip. It's really close to Encore (for XS) and not too close to Planet Hollywood (Earl of Sandwich LOL). . . The bedroom was nice and the beds were comfy. Pillows were really fluffy! lol The bathroom was spacious and the shower head was powerful. . . I only wish they had more outlets along side of the bedroom walls and not at awkward places like underneath the headboard of the bed and by the window lol And wish they had more trash bins because the only one large metal trash bin they had was used to ice the alcohol and chaser ;D haha
The hotel was pretty cheap and located on the strip within walking distance to all of the other hotels. What more could you ask for. The room was clean and well kept. I really didn't have any issues other than it doesn't look as stylish or classy as some of the better hotes. That and the 45 min line to check in. . . Overall a good place for the $
More like 4.5 or so.  I really liked the price of this (came out to less than 90 dollars when you include the resort fee) place.  I wasn't sure what to expect because even though it's a four-star hotel it's Vegas. ;-)  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised.  The room was a bit small, but it was clean and wasn't dated, like some of the other (much higher priced) hotels I've stayed at.  . . When we arrived there was a looong line to check in, but it went surprisingly quick.  Check out was quick.  I would definitely stay here again, especially at such a great price!
Even though TI messed up my rooms and was treated rudely by the head manager the last time I stayed there, I was offered a complimentary stay to re-expereince what Treasure Island had to offer. . . I never realized how convenient TI was, its located literally at the heart of Vegas strip, You walk to the left and you got the shopping center and other surrounding big hotels, Wynn, Encore and Venetian. If you walk further right you will get the Bellagio water show and more, everything was walking distance and you get to see a lot more during the day time! . . I was told to go to the VIP entrance for check in for a faster check in and being VIP really does make a difference, we were offer free drinks and snacks and everything was incredibly fast! . . Our tower Suite was just lovely, we were close to the elevator so we didn't have to walk too far down every time we pull up, our double doors opened up to a living room with big sofa and a huge king size bed. We had 2 separate bathrooms with a shower in one and a big jacuzzi bath tub in another. Nice simple view and a oddly small television set, the Tv seemed so out of placed that my friend joked that someone probably stole the big screen and replaced it with a tiny one. . . regardless we had a grand weekend and love to come back!
We stayed here our first trip to Vegas way back when.. I think using hotwire we got a great deal so that was a great start.. . The hotel itself is on the smaller side compared to many other larger hotels on the strip. However to me, it's just a place to sleep (if you feel so inclined) and as a base of operations.. . Many things are close by and walkable, most of the Strip is actually walkable, albeit you just don't realize how vast some of these casinos are, because it takes so damn long to walk past them all, even one takes 10 mins.. . The rooms are functional and ok.. The best thing is the convenience with a tram to Mirage to save your feet partially and ease of getting across the fancier Wynn and Encore.. . For the price, I'd stay here again.
Really nice sized rooms, looks like recently updated.  Mini fridge is always nice touch and is located in closet.  The closet has light switch that illuminates when doors open!  We were told not single kings, and opted for double queens.  We requested higher level and got 32nd floor with awesome view of the south strip and mountains to the west.  The rooms are fairly quite and the blackout curtains cut out almost everything.  . The staff is a little pushy with housekeeping, they wait outside and jump at door when you leave.  I guess this is better than any other service here.  The staff is very friendly, and yeah you're stuck a high resort fee.  But the location is great, short deuce (bus) rides to almost everything.  Twenty minutes to freemont st and new york new york, if you drive you can go off strip and get here very easily (AVOID STRIP at all costs).. I'd come back here.. . Do yourself a favor and eat only breakfast at buffet.  Their are better eats all around you than their restraunts and bars
One of the more economical and yet not cheap ghetto way to stay at in Vegas Strip. I got great rates here from Southwest Vacation (I am not affiliated with them in any way) and the staff here is friendly enough to upgrade me to bigger suite with my choice of view. I like both sides of the building, I don't think there is a "bad" view here because of the way this building is structured.. . There isn't a lot of things to do in this hotel. Gift shop, casino, some restaurants, and the outside free entertainment is all great. Also a small club, not crowded at all, free with your stay, of course. Some small indoor shows, also, depending on days. 1 star less because of the lack of things to see here. . . The rooms are large and clean! There are so many other resorts in the Strip that is much more expensive and yet very small. This is economical, clean, doesn't smell bad, great looking, and is large!! The level of noise is very minimal, and the walls between rooms isn't paper thin. . . One thing i really love (Idk if ALL Vegas hotels has it) is the blackout curtains! Swear to blob I can't see or hear a thing with those blinds closed. I'd swore it was 2 am no matter what time of the day it actually is! I love it, gives me the needed sleep after a loooooong night. Haha. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again, and i definitely recommend this place to first time Vegas visitors!
Decent price for Wednesday, $59 on priceline.  TI adds a resort fee of $25 so it was $85 total.  Lady at the check-in counter was very polite and friendly.  Room was recently remodeled and very clean.  Nice linens/pillows.  Only issue was no ironing board, pretty minor though.  Casino had a decent crowd for a Wednesday.  $10-$15 min blackjack.  Didn't play any slots.  Drinks came around fairly often.  Seemed to always have a drink in hand. Gilley's had free mud wrestling.  Pho's Vietnamese restaurant was decent.  Overall pretty pleased with our stay at TI.
Great location on the strip and it is a great deal without going so cheap that you feel you should see a doctor and get tested. They have a tram to the Mirage. The check in line moved in a timely manner. The room was fantastic, new, and clean. The room doesn't have a pirate theme (which I liked). The soaps are in cute little gem shaped bottles. The casino floor smells very strongly of coconut (reason for 4 stars not 5), so we decided to party at the Venetian across the street. The pool is large enough, but not super large.
WINNER, WINNER, KAHUNAVILLE FOR DINNER. . We walked over to Treasure Island for a dinner and drink deal we had at the bar and restaurant inside. Having some time to kill we sat at some penny machines and placed our typical 15 cent bets. It wasn't long after sitting down that I won a free game, which won ten free games, which one another ten. And on and on and on.... I ended up winning $80 off that bet. Not a bad way to start the afternoon in Treasure Island!. . A girl was walking around selling Hawaiian necklaces for cancer research funding and we talked to her for a minute. She told us when the next Sirens show was (which we ended up missing). If you're on this part of the strip in the late afternoon or evening you should stop and watch the show. They've PG'ed it up quite a bit so it's not nearly as entertaining as it used to be, but it's still pretty great. . . There are lots of bars in this casino (what casino isn't filled with bars?!) A new Sr. Frogs opened last summer! Gilley's Saloon with the huge dancefloor. And Kahunaville. For me, Kahunaville is one of the better bars if you want a sweet, frozen drink. They are decorated with coconut shavings and have an extra shot of flavored liqueur on the side (we had a pineapple rum in ours). Plus, its a fun bar to sit in. . . Overall, the casino is clean and well-stocked with friendly empoyees. I make sure to stop by on every Vegas trip.
Stayed at TI last week from Tues to Thursday. At $50 plus $25 resort fee is a bargain. Located at the Strip and convenient to other hotels. All the hotels at the strip charges a resort fee ranging from $25-$30. Rooms are newly redesign and clean. Plus they give you a free buffet for one person for each day you stay there.
Great location on the strip, very nice rooms! The beds are very comfy and the pillows are ahhhmazing. We got lucky and got a great view of the strip from the 24th floor. Problem is they charge a resort fee which was a surprise. The casino is extremely smoky along with this lingering perfume smell and they had broken slots all over the place. A wonderful stay though.
Four of us stayed here for a college reunion last weekend.  We were all on a budget, and wanted to go to the Wynn nightclubs, so this hotel was in the perfect location.  Because of its proximity to Fashion Show Mall, we were also able to eat a few cheap meals (Chipotle and Grimaldi's) and do some shopping at the giant F21.  We saved a lot on cab fare from walking back and forth from the Wynn/Encore as well.  . . The room was very clean and spacious, even for four of us.  The beds are comfy, and the bathroom was clean and had a big mirror (essential for us ladies), although it could use a vent or fan.  For the price, we didn't expect stellar service or a beautiful interior, and we strategically didn't hang out in the casino or hotel itself for very long, opting instead to explore the nicer nearby hotels.  Housekeeping was very nice about bringing us extra towels, and our room was close to the elevators and the ice machine, so the room was perfect for our needs.  The casino and common areas were very smoky, but surprisingly our room itself was completely free of that gross smoke smell, which was great because I can't stand smoke.  . . The only low point was when we requested a wine and beer bottle opener and had to pay $5 for it, only to realize they only brought us a wine bottle opener.  I had to call several times and wait on hold to correct the situation, but this was just a minor incident.  . . We did eat at the Coffee Shop in the lobby one morning when we were too tired and hungover to venture out, and it was notgreat, but not bad (greasy breakfast food that did the job).  On our last day, we called for and got a late checkout (noon instead of 11), the bell desk held our bags for us, and we printed our boarding passes at the free kiosk at the back of the lobby (very convenient!)  Check-in and check-out were fast and painless (I booked and paid through Hotels.com).  . . Our total fee (including tax, $28/night resort fees, etc.) for three nights (Thursday-Sunday) was $653, not bad for a Spring Break weekend for four people.  Four stars based solely on value - if I was on the same budget during my next Vegas trip, I would absolutely stay here again.
Treasure Island may not be the fanciest of the strip but it holds its own and is well above other "middle-upper class" hotels like the Luxor, Excalibur or NY NY.. Its always very well kept, good stores, great location and you can't beat the free show at night!. It might not be upto par with other Vegas shows but its free and it involves scantily clad women fighting, whats not to like about that?. Worth a stop on the strip for sure.
Cheap tables and a pirate show?  Definitely a little cheesy, but if you go into it with that mentality, you will have a good time.  I officially gambled for the first time in my entire life here (a whole dollar spent!).  I also enjoyed their pirate show in the evenings.  The fireworks are definitely a nice touch, and I think it is worth coming by just to see the show.
I was very happy with TI. The room I was in had a nice view of the strip. I could see the Venetian, Mirage and the other places down the strip. The room was small but clean. The king sized bed was very comfortable. The pillows were huge. . . The casino itself is not as posh and luxurious as say Wynn, Venetian or Bellagio but those places are close by. There are a couple of decent restaurants. The Seafood Shack is a decent choice for seafood lovers. Where else but a seafood restaurant at Treasure Island? That said, it would be nice if they played up the pirate theme a bit more. The theme now is a mix of pirates, honky tonk and Mexican resort. Not well thought out at all.. . Bottom line: Clean, comfortable room. Small but serviceable. Below average casino. Gamble elsewhere.
I stayed here for a week - and the cost is respectable for the duration of the week. The room size is decently sized with dual queen size beds. I had the deluxe room, and I picked whatever room was available during the check in process. I had a shared wall with a shared door - while I could hear people speaking, it was difficult to understand. I just drowned out the external noise with my laptop speakers. I did notice stains on my work chair - but I'm not going to complain too much about it. . . I just covered it with pillows to make the chair more ergonomic to work in. Without the pillows, the lack of ergonomics can be a concern for those who type a lot - it can become painful to the wrists or shoulders, or lower back if they are not aware of their body posture. The pillows does help out - but doesn't eliminate the problem. . . The curtain does block all of the external light from entering the room, perfect for when I need absolute darkness for sleeping. The AC works well and there's a small fridge and a safe. I used the fridge to keep drinks cold - never did test the freezer capability. I did notice the lack of conveniently located electric outlets.  . . Seems that there were only one available in the most unusual spot, away from the work area, and away from any place to do any ironing. Speaking about ironing, the ironing board cover could be replaced - it's showing its age. . . There are a few Starbucks located in the area. I counted two indoors and one outside. This hotel is located next to a 24/7 Walgreens, perfect for those trips to acquire basic traveling necessities. . . The sound of the Siren show is annoying during the evening; the window could use better acoustic insulation. The noise from the hallway is noticeable - people in their drunken ways wondering through the hallways. Good thing I have ear plugs to remedy these noise issues. . . Overall, not a bad spot to stay in Vegas, and on The Strip as well. . . Tip: Check-in process is a total mess during after 11AM, or even 3pm, or even 5pm. There's lots of people checking in. Suggestion for this, plan to wait a while in the lobby, or just drop your stuff off at the Bell Desk, go amuse yourself in Vegas, and come back later, such as 7pm or 9pm.
- The hotel/casino is mid-range, so nothing fancy but well-maintained.. - I live in Chinatown so when I'm driving out-of-towner friends to the Strip I like to park here as it's conveniently located and surrounded by fancy hotels: Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, Venetian.. - Just head east on Spring Mountain Road, after the I-15 freeway at the first light, Mel Torme Way, make a right and T.I.'s parking structure is on the right.  The third floor has the ramp connecting the parking structure to the hotel/casino and if the structure's pretty full just go up to the top 2 levels and usually there are spots.  The top level (which is pleasant to park at night during hot weather) also has decent views of the Strip.. - T.I. has a free tram to The Mirage.  T.I.'s bar on the casino floor (near the cafe) has fairly cheap Strip casino drink specials (eg bucket of 4 bottles of Bud for $15).  Also there's the free "Sirens of T.I." show nightly, except in inclement weather/high winds.. - Their Starbucks is situated on theStrip sidewalk but is pricey, doesn't have seating (standing room only at the counter along the wall) nor wi-fi, so for seating+wi-fi and to save a $1 or so on my tall (ie small) iced tea I went to The Fashion Show Mall's Starbucks across from T.I.
My husband and I stayed her for 2 nights during the week. The prices were so reasonable that we booked a suite and paid a little over $100 per night! The room was huge! We had a nice view (we were on the 3rd from the top floor) king size bed, sleeping area, living area and wet bar in a different room and two bathrooms! One bathroom was huge with a Jacuzzi tub and the other bathroom was smaller with a very large shower. We were very pleased with the room and would stay here again if the price was right.. . I don't eat casino food and I find the buffets to be gross BUT the T.I. has a decent buffet and the best part is the cotton candy station in the dessert area :) There was also a pretty good pasta section that was made to order. . . I have to take one star away for the ridiculous and crappy pirate show. What a waste. We watched for maybe 5 minutes and left. Honestly, it was pretty bad. . . This for sure was one of our better Vegas trips.
The rooms here are pretty decent. They were very helpful getting the in laws checked in. The hotel is clean and offers many amenities for all kinds of people.. . The parking here is really easy whether you are parking in the garage or the valet. It is a great location to get to many other casinos and also the mall. . . It is also home to Mystere which is a great show and I highly recommend it. They also have great restaurants here, a favorite is Stack.. . All in all I really like Treasure Island and all it has to offer. You can also find great deals online. The only bad thing is that it seems that all of the hotels now on the strip are charging the resort fee of 25.00 and that is really just a joke. Every time someone sticks a penny in a machine, that is their resort fee.
I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Vegas but never treasure Island till this weekend and I actually really enjoyed it! the location is pretty prime and walking distance from many of the places you would want to visit while in Vegas and the room rates are very fair as well if you book early enough. We had a total of 4 rooms in treasure island this past weekend and they were all pretty good, (the iron in my room was broken though) but we just used the other one in the room next door, the beds are pretty decent sized and pillows were very soft. . . Rooms were clean upon entry and AC worked great, our view was horrible but we didn't really care, we checked out the pool and it was a lot better than we expected, there was a DJ and bar and although it was packed there was enough room in the (small) pool for most people who wanted to get in. Had a fun time at the pool and enjoyed my stay here, definitely would consider TI again as a future option for Vegas trips.
Not bad, we stayed here this last weekend and it was conveniently located on the strip close to anything you'd want to go to. The tram connecting to the Mirage made it easy to jump ahead a little on the strip and cut down on some of the walking. There is also a show at night outside of Treasure Island that captures quite a bit of attention. . . A friend and I came here for business mostly so it was nice for our boyfriends to have the casino below with everything they could want to keep themselves entertained. . . Rooms were very nice and reasonable for Vegas. We paid 140 a night for a room with two Queens. I also really appreciated the free parking. That's the last fee I want to get tagged with on an already pricey business trip counting the gas costs. Another reviewer commented about the beds and that is no joke..they are really really comfortable! I'm regretting not checking out the brand of the mattress right about now. . Only thing that I thought wasn't great is how far we had to leave to get any decent food. So many of the hotels have fantastic restaurants in them, four and five stars. Treasure Island had nothing worth eating so it made it a bit of a pain to get a quick bite if we didn't have time to go walking to another hotel with a better restaurant. . . All in all I think its a reasonably priced hotel for the "Vegas experience"
So I chose Treasure Island for my yearly bday extravaganza! I loved the hotel. Theroom was gorgeous! . . Lets get to the knitty gritty..... There were a few things I did not like : . 1. The restaurant the coffee shop the first couple days were great until my brothers had uncooked burgers and they didn't see it was uncooked until they got to the middle. We asked for a manager and she couldn't the undercooked food off because it was eaten so she charged us half....... Insert my WTF face here. when I come back to Vegas the Coffee Shop wont be on my list. . . 2. I had my thank you gifts delivered to the hotel. After paying for delivery from the company Treasure Island charged me another 7 dollars as a handling fee. Unheard of at any other hotel. . . I would stay at treasure Island again, but I wouldn't step foot in the coffee shop nor would I have anything delivered.
Booked it myself through the VIP site for the hotel. Saved over $100.00 and got a ton of freebies......over the sites like Vegas.com, Orbitz, and so on charged booking fees. We went for my daughters 21st birthday and totally loved it. Great room, great room service, awesome room service food direct from the many restaurants in the hotel and great Gilley's bar and club in this hotel.....TOTALLY friendly, free, and FUN..... it is mid-strip so one can walk any and everywhere....I totally recommend it for a quick get-a-way or a special occasion..... go for it........
I stayed here a year ago and really enjoyed the hotel.  The room was very clean and very comfortable.  I had a great time gambling in the casino and found myself having hours of fun here.  There is a tram that connects TI and The Mirage, which makes for a quick trip!  It's very convenient.  Also, it is located close to a HUGE mall, so if it's rainy or if you just want to get away from the casinos (what???) you can always visit there and shop!
My wife and I stayed at TI for the duration of our wedding trip.  Jeff at the front desk was awesome, and moved us up a few floors and into a larger suite.  The elevators, though somewhat annoying to navigate at the time, are actually laid out in a sensible and efficient manner.  This was the best casino I was in during our trip at handling smoke.  I fully support the right of any property owner to host smokers, but the smell is rather pesky sometimes.  This was rarely any issue at all at TI.  The biggest problemI had was the sad and tragic excuse for a refrigerator in our upgraded room.  There was a large room fridge that chilled things very well in the room we started in, and a tired, semi-functional one in the upgraded room.  Please, TI, fix this problem.  It is a small thing that means so much.  Another issue worth mentioning is the lack of a fart fan in either of the bathrooms.
Upon arrival I was fortunate that there were no lines so checking in was a breeze. After clarifying my room & requests I get my door key and head on up. I get to my room and walk in to a modern deco room very clean pretty spacious space. However it had a king size bed versus the 2 queen deluxe beds as I reserved. I called the front desk to tell them, they  were polite and even said they would come to the room to give me the door key to my correct room. Which was real awesome, what wasn't awesome was that it took them 25 minutes to do so. But after everything I finally got to my room which was just as clean,spacious & nicely decoded. I since my sister didn't get into Las Vegas for another 9 hrs I was solo, so what better way for a SAHM for 3 yrs to do?? I ordered ROOM SERVICE LOL I to the steak & eggs, toast and individual carrot cake. The food got there in 30 minutes and it was SO YUMMY! A little expensive but it was my treat and well worth it.. . The casino was very decent, I'm not a gambler. We enjoyed the Lounge bar frequent it every night for a blue on! We lounged at the pool which was very relaxing, clean & not to crowded. The DJ at the pool played some cool music. We ate at Gilleys which was really good priced decently. We had a blast at Senor Frog, the host there was very entertaining, we had the nachos w/ guacamole and drank ALOT lol.. . We received some coupons at the buffet there and it was surprisingly good. Lots of options, food tasted fresh. . . After all the drinking and eating I actually did get to the gym! It was a good sized gym. All the equipment was clean and in great working condition. And they even offered clean towels, free fruit & water bottles so that was a nice incentive.. . All in all my sister and I enjoyed our stay at the TI. All the staff at the TI were very polite, professional & attentive. All the restaurants/bars there in the TI were just the same.  We will definitely go back their to the TI.
I enjoyed staying at this hotel, it isn't the newest or nicest but it's clean and in a good location. The room was nice and we had a good view of the strip. We ate at the buffet a few times and it was pretty good. Definitely nice being able to just go downstairs and eat at a buffet. Didn't make it on the bull in the bar but there's always next time!
We came on a Friday around 2 pm. The line to check in was incredibly long, so much so that they were handing out free water bottlesto everyone. Oh man, how I hated that line.. . However, the people that helped us were friendly and efficient! They made sure we got the accommodations we wanted (non-smoking, one bed) and even gave us a view of the strip from our room! No complaints there!. . The room itself was just a-okay. Nothing special, but nothing to whine about. It had everything we needed, including a nice close-up mirror for doing my makeup in. I loved that. One plus star for that alone!. . The price we paid was reasonable, especially for view we got. I'd definitely stay at TI again, though I'll most likely lean towards hitting up somewhere new next time.
We arrived in Vegas at about 8 am and decided to try and check in.  The Bell Hop informed us that we wouldn't be able to check in until about 12 pm, but they'd hold our bags and after we check in, we can call down and they'll deliver our bags.  So we decided to have breakfast in their 24 hour coffee shop and gamble until then.. . We were able to check in at 11 am and my BF asked if there were any room upgrades available.  The lady who was helping us was very nice and friendly, she said she'd see what she could get us and then delivered us a corner room with "panoramic" windows.. . We had a pretty high room (25th floor) and a view of the strip - Palazzo right in front of us and Fashion Show Mall to the left.  It was a nice comfy room with a comfortable bed.  The bathroom is roomy with good counter space and lots of towels for the 2 of us!  The only bad thing I can think of, is that there wasn't any toilet paper in the bathroom when we arrived!  There was a roll, but it was empty.  Good thing I noticed way before I had to go!. . We could see and hear the show from our room, but it's hard to understand what's going on if you haven't watched it before - which we haven't.  And when I say "hear", it's all muffled noise!  Haha...if you're a light sleeper, the noise and fireworks may wake you.. . We didn't go down to the pool, but the slot machines were pretty good - lots to choose from and lots of table games also.  There are a handful of restaurants to choose from, and some fast food options - something for everyone.. . I did read someones review before we left that the casino area had a distinct smell.  Which it did - almost like a strawberry incense smell - very strong and noticeable - unlike other casinos.  Every time we walked in from the outside or came down from our room, I noticed it.  Not irritating, but just very noticeable.. . This was a good hotel to stay in - close to other hotels and good to walk the strip on cooler days, which we did on our first day (June 24th - a few days before the 117 degree weather hit!).
GREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK.. . I was incredibly impressed with the rooms here. We got  a $65 dollar room on a Sunday night, and I underestimated it! Rooms were nicely renovated and very modern. Huge bathroom with two sinks. Beds were amazingly plush and so comfortable. Everything was clean and smelled fantastic. Walls were thick (IN VEGAS THIS IS SO IMPORTANT), and we could hardly hear the people next to us. . . I won't get into the casino part of it, but I was impressed with that as well. There are a lot of options of things to do: gambling, shows, foods, etc. Not to mention it's in a great location on the strip. Good walking access to a lot of stuff on either side, and there's even a foot bridge that connects to you Fashion Show Mall!
Arrived to TI right at 3 and proceeded to the check-in line. Super long!! It took around 40 min to get checked in. The guy was nice and was helpful in getting me a room on a low floor. :) it's very easy to navigate to your room, and it's also a short walk which in Vegas is a plus! . . The room itself was very nice. It was just me and my 8 yr old this trip, so we had lots of room in our 2 queen bed room.  The beds were comfy, pillows were soft, and the AC was nice and cold. Everything was crisp and clean. . . Yes, the casino has a funky smell.  The pool was fun but a bit crowded. Personally, I did not care for the DJ with the crummy sound system, but oh well. . . What else.... Ummmmm....GREAT location, close to Venetian, Mirage, Mall, Walgreens (we went there several times!!)  Self park was very easy. Not a long walk at all. . . That's about it for that one! I'll stay again if I can!
Arrived at TI around noon and was checked in rather quickly on Friday afternoon. We've stayed here before and based on our previous stays, we made sure to checkin early before the weekend rush started. It seems like everyone arrives mid afternoon and registration line becomes super long.  . . Our room was immediately available. The room and bathroom were in good order and the bed and linens were crisp and comfy. The air was a bit stuffy however was quickly cooled down by the quiet AC unit. Our room was quiet as we could not hear any of our neighbors, if there were any at all. Elevators got a little crowded as the weekend progress, but that was to be expected. . . We made reservations for a Cabana on Saturday of our stay. The pool area is smaller than some of the the other resorts, so it's a good idea to reserve one so you and your party do not have to fight over pool real estate and chairs. We paid $250 for the cabana however received a $50 credit as part of the "hotel tax amenity". The Cabana attendant was very attentive and quick to fulfill our requests. Our pool server was very good as well. It was an added plus that she rocked her "server outfit" very well...guys and girls agreed. Her service was speedy and personable and she didn't forget about us. At other resorts, Cabana service is spotty unless you're a VIP or something. Service here was very good, hence, the reason we returned here for a Cabana. . . PS, make sure to tip your server and cabana host...they work harder than you realize.. . Overall, we had a great experience and will be back for more fun.
Room and bathroom were clean, bed was very soft and comfy. Was not noisy at all. The soaps provided were very nice. Pool is not too large and def not glamorous like bellagio. Casino is very smokey like rest of hotels. Nice to see them washing carpet and vacuuming floors frequently. Bath had marble and tub was large, very clean. Big plus is close to bus route so easy to travel. For the most part employee were friendly and helpful, however the bell men were not very friendly. Kinda pissed off looking and gave one a tip for carrying my bag and he gave me a dirty look. Wth?
Paid around $340 for 2 nights (sat/sun) and surprisingly it was a great stay! The room was very clean (I think they recently re-did it?). Great location on the strip as well.. . Highlight: The guest services lady was very accommodating and helped us find a way back to Los Angeles when we were stranded there without a ride back!. . Tip: try the Frog's punch at Senor Frogs!
Upgraded hotel, gym, and spa!  The standard room is large and bathroom is very nice.  The room colors are beige and cream and it feels upscale and relaxing.  The beds are amazing, heavenl!  2 queens or one king.  The room includes a small fridge you can use, a comfy chair, and a desk.  Tv channels are limited. The resort fee  covers wifi, gym use, a coupon book that includes bogo buffet, and bogo drink, and other restaurant offers. The pool area has palm trees and is a nice place to relax. We worked out at the beautiful upgraded gym and had Swedish massages which were $150 each plus tip, etc.  We had one good massage but the other was given by a weak old woman who had no strength to do a proper massage.  The biggest negative is the housekeepers. Or the lack of housekeepers. We stayed 6 nites and one day no one ever came in. Other days just the bed was made with dirty sheets and the ice bucket not even dumped, etc.  Every day a maid did show up, it was a different one. The location is convenient, especially if you fly in and don't rent a car. There is lots to do, fashion show mall is next door, Caesars forum shops,  ceasars resort, the mirage, etc.  The amazing peppermill restaurant is also very close. Also at the north end of the strip is the factory outlets, and the new Smith Center for entertainment!  You could take a taxi there.  We used allegiant air and their package included flights for two , 6 hotel nights, and an airport shuttle.
Great hotel, great rate for the strip location.  Really liked the tram to Mirage since we caught a show there.  The resort fee is $28 and it includes a variety of items like 2 for 1 buffet coupon, wifi, gym etc.  the room was clean, newly remodeled with super comfy beds.  Really appreciated the ice cold a/c.  The room also has a refrigerator you can stock your own drinks in since bar prices are high.  The restaurants and room service are very expensive for quality.  There is late night dining available in the coffee shop which was just ok.  Family friendly too, I would return again!. P.S. The valet was slow when retrieving your car so plan on waiting.
i stayed here with a couple of friends for a couple of nights... . ...& LOVED it! . . the room was nice and almost fit for royalty. the interior of my house isn't as nice as this, but i really felt at home here. it's kinda like the room just embraces you. . . the bed was super comfy. almost made me not want to return home. haha. i'd lay down and the next minute i'm sleeping.  almost like sleeping on clouds. too bad the most sleep i got every night was 4-5hrs.. . before being a guest at TI, the only business i had here was their pirate show. it has changed a lot from the first one i've ever seen, but it's still good. i love entertainment and it's my favorite - free! . . gambling here is okay.  i mostly stick to their slot machines. occasionally, i'll drift to the tables.  i prefer to do most of my gambling in downtown las vegas only because i feel luckier there, but i won some money here.. . i love that they have the monorail system that takes you to the mirage. i ditched my friends to galavant a little & hopped on it. the best part is that it's FREE. yup, free. . . bottom line: i would love to stay here again. treasure island is such a great hotel.. HIGHLY RECOMMEND :]
This was our first stay here for our birthdays/anniversary. We got a room upgrade and a bottle of bubbly from the kind Yin at check in. Room was panoramic strip view king. Not too bad on the 24th floor. Pros room was spacious and clean for the most part, got free tix to the cirque show, the Pho was excellent, and its close to many shopping areas. The cons strip view overlooking the show = loud booms an fireworks right outside the window 4 times a night latest being nearly midnight. The bathtub had mold in the corners and toothpaste on the backsplash from the previous occupants and they took he dirty washcloths but didn't replace them. The bed skirt had a large pink stain like a spill or other liquid, and the TV sets to the side of the bed making it hard to lay in bed and watch it. Also the halls and common areas smelled like vanilla and coconut which I know was for ambience but I am sensitive to smells and it set off a migraine the first night. Overall I would stay again as the price and service were great most cons were just location of room and housekeeping not paying attention to details.
TI was a really good place to stay.  We were comped for having 3 people simply because I was honest about it (the comp was for normal occupancy if that is not clearly enough implied).  That was a nice gesture and saved us money.. . The room had a safe, refrigerator and plenty of drawers.. . The maid service was pretty solid.  Tipping the maids, though mandatory in my eyes, was not necessarily helpful as the maid(s) who came to our room were not the same every day.. . A few times we had to call housekeeping and they were really, really prompt.. . The view was not a great view though it was billed as a view suite.  It is not uninterrupted windows as it looks in some of the ads.. . 3 guys staying in Vegas and visiting the Grand Canyon, not doing late nights, having a couple nice meals and going to Cirque...it was a decent place to stay, but we felt out of place because of how tame we were: the place has been recently branded as a pretty racy and young place....we were not aware of this and if I stay in Vegas again, I would look to stay elsewhere.   This is not an indictment against the hotel, it was a really good place to stay overall!
Stayed at Treasure Island, during the Labor Day weekend. The hotel room was right in front of the fireworks for the pirate show, they were nice. The room was cozy with ice cold air ( it was HOT). The bed was so comfortable that I fell asleep time my head hit the pillow. The sheets as crisp, cool and clean. the room are clean with a nice big bathroom and fluffy towels.  They do need bed-skirts for the beds.  I am still thinking about how wonderful I slept in that bed.  . . The restaurants I went to were okay my favorite was the Vietnamese restaurant PHO. Did not care for the buffet, cotton candy was awesome but the food was nothing to write home about. .  . The casinos was GOOD to me baby!! I walked away so happy as I was ahead of the game and won on slots. Took my winnings and ran. Thank you TI.
After waiting twenty six excruciating minutes for pedestrians to finish crossing from the Starbucks to the other side, we turned into the treasure island main entrance only to be redirected to the "self-parking" area prior to checking-in. After the excruciating process of finding a parking space we stepped from our Prius into the excruciating, and miserable, heat. Unloading our modest amount or luggage we unknowingly began our journey to the TI lobby. We rush into the air conditioned block of elevators adjacent to the parking garage and hit the glowing brick that says 'casino/hotel'. The ding announces our arrival. We exit and look down an unfamiliar and unmarked hallway. I turn to my partner, "is this the way?" His response, "I believe it is the only way." We take a step towards our inevitable doom towards the clatter and commotion of the intoxicated arcade. We come across a set of escalators downward to the gates of hell it seems, but no the sign disagrees stating, 'hotel/casino' once again. I turn and hesitate, we continue on. Once at the base we are surrounded by merchandise and flyer flickers pleading for our attention, "NO!" We manage to mumble, "we just want to set down our things and take refuge before facing death." They refuse our pleas. We walk for minutes that seem like hours, "which way?!" Do we really have to walk through this mini-mall to get to out hotel lobby?! It was right there?! Or so we thought. Finally after confused wandering, we found ourselves at the back of the line for the TI check-in. How we managed to find it, I still cannot recall. Honestly, what is the point of hiding the check-in? As I carry my luggage to the elevators towards our room I wonder, "do they really think I will stick in a few dollars as I make my way to the front desk? With what free hand? And if the reason for this labyrinth is to punish me for the sin that is self-parking, success. True success TI. Excruciating failure, but your brilliant success.". . *We did not have to pay the resort fee, thank god, because we booked with hotwire. . . Also don't use the two for one drink coupons! It's a lie! 25$ a drink! . . But the room was great for 55$ a night...
Thiswas my first time staying at TI and I must admit it wasn't as bad as people said. . The rooms are pretty spacious and clean and they seem newly renovated. the beds are SUPER comfy which Is important for me since Its hard to sleep when i'm not in my own bed. . The casino area is alright, but the smell of whatever it was trying to mask another smell was a bit overwhelming at times. . The pool looked small and It was always packed. (didn't get to the pool because it kept raining and the lightning shut it down when we were ready to head to it) . Location is okay, still a lot of walking anywhere but the tram connecting to the Mirage is helpful. . ***The hotel fee of $28 per night sucks! ***. I'm usually a fan of free shows but the one here is pretty lame and kinda raunchy. They need a new writer ASAP. . overall, not a bad experience.
Booked some nights here months in advance on the account that we wanted to stay somewhere closer to the center of the strip. Did the $20 trick- worked like a charm!! The woman checking us in knew exactly what was up- upgraded us from the 5th to 30th floor, strip view + complimentary champagne! It was so worth it, the views of the strip were magnificent. Room decor was modern chic, was not expecting that. It was overall standard with a few mishaps- apparently there are no electrical outlets next to the beds, only near the table and in the bathroom. The light in the bathroom is offcenter. The shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion are good quality. The flat screen tv is a little small. We tried to hook up a gaming system and we called and found out they charge you $30 to connect. It was definitely a prime location for exploring a night on the town. Didn't see the Siren show, but we did check out the pool, which was pretty awesome. They have a DJ spinning mostly top 40 but a bar and even some munchies that can be consumed poolside, in addition to several toned waitresses coming by. The pool itself is in a weird shape but has a step that's the perfect height for seating all the way around, and is about 4' deep so you can easily walk along and even carry your drink inside. The spa is okay, I wish it was more open and didn't have the middle seating area. Overall, our stay went pretty well. $20 trick, for the win!
very very pleased with this hotel! So far this has been my favorite. Great prices, gave us a deal on the Cirque Du Soleil show we wanted to see. When you check in the give you a two for one buffet ticket, two for one drink special, gym pass for two people, as well as $20 off your next stay.. . The rooms were very very nice. We stayed on the 28th Floor facing both the Mirage Hotel/ Pool for our Hotel and The Venetian/ Palazzo.. . Boyfriend lost one of the special offers they gave us at check-in and the clerk gave us a replacement as soon as we told them what happened. . .  . Of the 5 hotels on the strip I have personally stayed in this one was the cleanest, nicest, and had the most helpful employees.
My boyfriend and I just left this hotel and casino after a 4 day vacation, and would definitely stay here again. The hotel staff is friendly, and the hotel is clean. The pool is a good size; perfect for families with kids, as well as adults. The Siren show is a good watch, and is right outside of the hotel. The only place we ate at in the hotel was Francesco's, a pizzeria. The pizza was good, and the price was not bad either! All of the other restaurants seemed to be busy at all times, which is a good sign. I wish we had more time to try the other restaurants in this hotel!
PROS. Again *sigh* yelp needs 1/2 stars!  I would have given 3.5, but rounded up.  The Buffet is very good and I would say a hidden gem.  The cafe is good as well.  . . Our room... we stayed in a mini upgrade that had two bathrooms!  Since we have two teenagers this was awesome!  LOVED the bathrooms. One for them and one for us.  One side has a full size closet, mini fridge, safe, and a Jacuzzi tub.  The other side has a full size closet, and huge shower that you can sit in.  The room itself was nice, but for the size of the room the TV could have been larger. . . My husband and I had a great night out at Senior Frogs.  We sat at the bar, drank, and people watched all night.  . . It is a relatively kid friendly hotel if you've got teens.  My daughter loved the oxygen bar.  She got to sit on the outside of the nightclub basically and did her own people (drunks) watching one night.  Yes, thought she was all grown up.  Had a great time.   There are also shops for them to cruise, a good pizza place, and it's right across the street from a huge indoor mall.  . . . CONS. We were there for a baseball tournament.  Usually I am a sun junkie, but the weather was a bit off that weekend with some thunder storms that even shut the pool down due to lightening.  We have a pool at home and I LOVE laying out... add a cabana and someone who brings me drinks and I'm in heaven.  Although, we were so busy I didn't get to use the pool once that weekend.  That doesn't mean I didn't go down to check it out.  The music was a bit "off" and for the size of the hotel I found the pool to be small and kinda boring in design/nature.   . . Where my "sucks" portion really starts... is the Phil's Italian Steak House.  I called down for reservations.  Asked for party of four at 7:45pm.  She said couldn't take us until 8pm.  Hey, ok, they're busy.  NOPE.  Place was pretty much empty.  So let me get this right... if I had said no to the 15 minute time difference you would have been okay with losing out on the sale?  Food was simply "OK".  Nothing spectacular at all.  For a meal that was over $450..... take your money to Ruth Chris, Morton's, etc.  The quality here was NOT the same in comparison by far.  Was very disappointed.  I understand, that hotel restaurants can be pricey, but for a steak house I would at least expect great quality for the pricing.  Again, take your money down the road to another place if you're wanting steak.  Will come back again, but will not eat at the Steak House.. . Two more somewhat sucky portions.  We drove from San Diego.  Pulled up to the front entrance about 1:30am.  There was one car in the valet lane so I thought he was unloading and pulled behind.  No, he was loading up to leave.  Now, I could see there was a valet guy further ahead and he was leaning on something making no motions to us what so ever.  Mind you... it's 1:30am on a Thursday (well technically now Friday), so nobody here.  Most valet I've encountered hop on over to you, flag or wave you over closer, etc.  Nope, not this guy.  Then, when I did go around the car and pulled up further he asked me our last name and was giving me my ticket... nothing else.  Not "are you checking in" "let me get you a bell hop", nothing.  We had to state we were checking in and ask for a bell hop.  Seriously, how many families do you have pull up at 1:30am that aren't checking in?  You could tell this was definitely the night crew that had not been upgraded.  I will add that during the days and other nights we pulled in and the other valet guys were good.  But the guy on a slow Thurs late night... not so hot. . . Checking in.  We were literally the only ones at check in at this hour.  Again, definitely the night crew that has not been promoted yet.  While the guy checking us in was very nice... he was soooooo slow and robotic.  I'm used to perky and quick... perky and quick.  Instead of swiping the credit card once and be on our way... he swiped it once for each night.  Huh?  So, nice enough guy, but not up on his speed and perkiness yet.  Night crew.. . We will definitely go back though.  We will simply avoid the Steak House for sure.
Overdue review lol, I was there for a couple nights for my birthday weekend, and the room was so clean and comfortable and the bed so comfortable that I found it hard not to just stay in the room the entire trip lol. . . I did not like the check-in process, all a sudden there was some mandatory resort fee that really wasn't properly explained before, and when I expressed concerned, the lady (Katrina I think her name was) got a major attitude with me just because I asked about it. So I gave her a major attitude back the rest of the check-in process. Don't get a flip attitude with me I was just asking for the resort fee to be explained because it wasn't part of my total when I first booked the room.. . Other than that, my stay was nice. I didn't have a view of the strip however my view of the west and north sides of the City of Las Vegas with the mountains in the background was awesome so I didn't mind not seeing the strip. They could use a better cable TV selection. For as much as people pay for the rooms I was surprised not to find a lot of popular channels available.. . I don't reward nastiness, and I don't care how many customers you deal with who may ask the same question. You chose that job for a reason. The hotel staff needs to be more positive.
Las Vegas's premier ship themed hotel! I have to say we were not expecting much here seeing that it is one of the cheaper hotels on the strip.  The rooms had very comfortable beds and were very quiet.  We are a very loud and rowdy group.  One group of my friends was next door and I could barely hear them when they were going absolutely ballistic at 4am.  That is some accomplishment. We have been kicked out of other hotels.. . The casino had nice dealers and very favorable rules for blackjack players.  3:2 blackjack with surrender with $15 minimum on a Saturday night?  Nice.  $10 minimum on other times.  They had 2 deck games too at $15 but watch out for 6:5 tables.  Some did not have it on felt, it was on the sign which is misleading.. . The food in the place wasn't really good.  The coffee shop type place had massively disappointing breakfast.  They have a Senor frogs where you can get a drink 2 for 1 even on Saturday night.. . Pool is tiny but not that bad.  Definitely one of the worst pools but rowdy and cool crowd.   . . Walk to strip is not through a mile of malls like some other places, it is very close to the door!
Loved this hotel!  I absolutely would stay here again.  What I liked:. . *It's small, so easy to get around in this hotel.  Compared to some of the others which were massive and easily get lost in lol. *Good customer service. *Check-in and check-out was easy. *Room was nice, clean and spacious. *Close to everything (not as central as say, the Bellagio...but it was pretty close). *Free evening shows
This review is based on staying in the Tower Suite and does not reflect standard rooms.. . PROS: The room: LARGE ROOM, living room, huge super comfy bed, table with chairs, desk, flat-screen TV, double-door entry, large window, two bathrooms (his and hers). The hotel: Nice hotel in a good location on the strip. Plenty of restaurants, bars, and even a 24 hour Starbucks. . . CONS: The room: The TV was fairly small with not so great speakers. The hotel: Nice hotel, but don't expect a super awesome "Pirate Theme"; some parts of the casino have a Pirate vibe to it, but not as extravagant as you would hope for. Although there are quite a few bars, this is one of the only major resorts on the strip with no night-club. If clubbing is your thing, expect to walk a little ways to another resort for that club experience. Upon check-in, definitely take advantage of the complimentary valet parking. If you self-park, you will have to walk a very long way through the casino to get to the front-desk. . . OVERALL: I would stay here again when they run the "buy one night get one free" again, although there are other resorts on the strip that I like much more that I would stay at, unless TI has a great special on rooms again.
Booked a room here.  Made our way up the elevators, and met a random guy in the elevator.  He asked us how to get to the 36th floor.  We kept pushing it, it didn't light.  Must be broken.  The guy goes, " I had a hard time getting up there last night because I was drunk..."  Um...ok... Later my friend and I entered the elevator again.  I made a comment about the dude, and later noticed you need your room card to enter the 36th floor.  What a ding dong.... . Anyway, the rooms are decent.  There are handle railes for those who need assistance getting in and out of the tub.  Our room had a/c that was kind of working, or was working but wasn't as strong as the other hotel rooms we've stayed in.  There was cable.  I learned how dangerous killer whales are, especially at Seaworld.  Parking was good.  The valet was full, but we were able to valet.  The only sucky part about our stay this time is that TI didn't allow us to have 1 hour extended time.  If we did, it would cost $100.  Lame...
Clean rooms, nice beds, great room service menu (yum! Get the surf & turf) and really affordable. Unfortunately I can't give this hotel five stars because it's nightlife aspect is lacking immensely. . . All of the bars close at two (Isn't this Vegas?) Besides the "breeze bar" which is just some tiny shack in the middle of the casino.. But, there's easy access to the strip! all you have to do is walk 100 feet. For the rooms and how nice everything was, you can't beat the price. I just wish there were a little bit more amenities for the younger crowd... . The beds are incredible!!! especially when at home you have an $800 Tempur-pedic mattress.. it's hard to compete with! But I was pleased!
Let me start by saying that, I'm being very generous with a 4 star rating here but honestly I have never had a bad stay here (2 visits). Nowadays I'll book here when I have to go on a quick trip or if I'm on a tight budget.. . BASIC is the one word to describe TI. It was one of the mainstays in the 1990s and early 2000s, but as soon as the big boys started coming in, it sort of just fell back in the shadows.. . However, if you're not looking to spend for some of the higher tier hotels but want to stay above some of the lower end joints (Flamingo, Harrahs, etc), TI is one of your better picks.  Rooms are clean and simple. The pool is comfortable but far from luxurious.  Casino leans towards mid-lower limits, so if you want a clean yet affordable place to gamble. the TI would suite your needs.. . Also be sure to tip the representative at check-in. Super easy to get a strip view upgrade from the basic room and TONs of coupons (BOGO buffets, comp drink, etc)! . . My biggest complaint would be the lackof a nightclub. I like to pick a hotel where I can just drink beyond my limits on one of the nights of my visit and be able to walk right upstairs to my room and knockout. They had the Christian Audigier Nightclub a couple years back, but it closed down. . . This review didn't really sell TI as your Vegas destination haha. But if you just want a clean room to crash at, it's a great value. And the location is top notch. You're right next door to xS, Tryst, Surrender, Tao, and 1OAK Nightclubs, so you'll save a ton on cab fees.. . Overall, a SOLID and great VALUE spot.
We stayed at Treasure Island for two nights and I was pleasantly surprised.  For one of the older casinos it was very comfortable.  Check in was a breeze and we were early. Our room on the 27th floor, faced the strip and was quiet, comfortable and clean. The casino has lots of the latest slots and even though I didn't win a lot I did try some of the other casinos and they weren't giving away money either.  We had lunch at the buffet which was plenty adequate and service was good.  We had dinner at the Kahuna, the chicken sliders were awful but the waiter was great, we also had dinner at the coffee shop where the food was good but the service was awful.  If you're looking for gourmet dining this is not the place to go but for a low key fun time I would go back.
TI has the dubious honor of being the hotel I've stayed at the most in Vegas. They always get me with some crazy Priceline or Hotwire deal, even when I try my best to stay elsewhere. . . I've learned to appreciate TI. Since my first stay there in 2009, the rooms have been renovated and are a bit nicer now. The best part about staying at TI is the location. That's why we're all here. No one is here for easy access to Senor Frog's. . . It's great to be across the street from the 24 hour Walgreen's, from Bouchon bakery, and from Fashion Show Mall. TI has two Starbucks locations, one of which is open 24 hours. On my last visit, I ended up waking up from a "nap" at 3am and it was great to have a place to go for a reliable snack. . . It's not luxury and the hotel is not cool at all, but it's great to have money to spend on nicer meals and other fun elsewhere.
I've stayed at TI twice now. It's a nice place to stay and a good value. I don't care much for the restaurants here, there are much better places to dine on the LV strip, in my opinion. But the rooms are sleek, clean, and comfortable. When I stayed at TI over Thanksgiving this year, I found out the Siren's (pirate ship) show has been permanently canceled to make room for more stores andshopping. What a bummer! Another piece of cheesy/free Las Vegas strip entertainment lost out to building yet another shopping center. As if being next to the Fashion Show Mall isn't already enough? Oh well...that's business, I guess. Regardless, I like the location and would recommend TI for its nice and reasonably priced rooms.
This is a great hotel to stay at if your on a budget. I actually won some money and got some free stuff from them points I got . I will probably come stay here next time.
Nice hotel. We traveled to Vegas for the National Finals Rodeo and chose Treasure Island as our home base. I must say, every staff member we encountered was great! Friendly, helpful, they all seemed to love their job! The only reason for 4 stars is the hotel itself is pretty dated - outlets in our room did not work and we had problems with flickering lights. Overall a great experience.
