My birthday was coming up and I happened to hear about the opening of this restaurant. I have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak and it is amazing, so I knew right away where I wanted to go. I brought along 11 of my friends to share the experience.  The service is pretty fantastic. They all learn your name and take the time to chat, they even put on fake British accents when they heard us doing it. My water glass was never empty and they even had the entire restaurant sing happy birthday to me. There are two menus, the grill menu which is a bit pricier and the pub menu which has yummy pub food. We ordered off of the pub menu. Since we were such a large party, we tried a lot of food!. . Fish and Chips - The fish is so buttery and melt in your mouth delicious! OMG! I didn't care so much for the garlic on the chips. I love garlic, but they tasted like they had been rubbed with raw garlic, not my favorite. . . Shepherd's Pie - The mashed potatoes were so buttery delicious. Everything really worked well together, it was easy to see why this is a signature dish. . . Duck Poutine - The fries and the duck gravy were phenomenal. There were bits of duck that were a little overdone so didn't add much to the dish, maybe if they were cooked a little less it would have worked a little better.. . Trio of Pretzels with cheese and mustard - Two of us ordered this appetizer and the bacon cheese pretzel was fantastic! The mustard was a bit too spicy for my liking and the cheese spread it a little weird, but not too bad. This dish is not worth ordering because they bring the exact same thing to the table for free, except the free one has a small loaf of pumpernickel bread and butter instead of mustard. I can't believe they charge for this and then bring almost the exact same thing to the table for free. . . Mac and Cheese - Almost everyone at the table ordered this and the response was 50/50. I was expecting a warm and rich mac and cheese, unfortunately, there was a really sharp cheese flavor which turned me off. . . Short rib and Cheek sandwich - My friend ordered this and passed it around the table. The meat was tender and delicious and there was a horseradish sauce that really added a kick.. . Sticky Toffee Pudding - You really must try this! It is absolutely delicious! Everyone at the table stole a bite and enjoyed it.. . Overall, there were a lot of hits and some misses. We did have one big thing that turned me off a little. My sister in law ordered a burger, they forgot the bacon and then the burger was almost raw. She sent it back and by the time they brought the new one everyone was finished eating. She asked them to just box it up since we were finished. I would have liked to see that taken off the check since she didn't even get to eat with everyone, unfortunately this didn't happen and I was not comfortable asking. . . There are some great dishes on the menu, the restaurant has a really cool vibe, and the service was pretty good. This is definitely a cool hangout for some yummy upscale pub food, but Gordon Ramsay Steak is where it's really at!
We ate here on the 21st and 22nd, 3 days after the opening on the 18th.  Both times we ate at the bar, so can't comment on the restaurant side.. . First night we came for drinks and a snack.  We had the Vic Queen Chips and Deviled Eggs.  Both were excellent.  The Chips were very delicate - thinly cut and perfectly fried - served with a side of malt vinegar for dipping.  Just excellent!!  The Deviled Eggs were served in an interesting way.  The egg whites were served separately, sprinkled with parsley, and the yolks were served ina small cup for you to scoop out and put as much as you wanted into the egg whites. The yolks were smashed and mixed with smokey bacon and cheese.   They were by far the best deviled eggs I have ever had.  In all, this experience was 5 star.. . The second night we came shortly after 5 PM for the dinner menu.  We again sat at the bar.  They were out of the first beer that I ordered, but offered me a sample of another beer that I might like.  The bartender was very helpful.  We ordered the Fish & Chips.  It took about 25 minutes for us to get our food, which is a little long, but we thought it might be due to a lot of folks ordering right around 5 PM when they start the dinner menu.  I figured if anyone could do fish & chips right it would be Gordon Ramsay - however, I was disappointed in this meal.  It was definitely not the best fish & chips that I had ever had.  The fish was OK, the batter was really good, but the fish was a little dry & tough - like it had been overcooked.  I prefer fish that is more moist and flaky.  A thicker piece of fish would probably have held up better to the cooking.  The potatoes were the biggest disappointment, though.  We expected chips (french fries) what we got were big blocks of potatoes - hand cut in rectangles - which had been boiled and baked and fried into a state of blandness that I would never expect from a Gordon Ramsay product.  They were hard at the ends, like they had been overdone.  They were not seasoned at all - no salt when they were removed from the deep fryer - and no flavor at all.  However, the mushy peas were outstanding!!!  I have never really liked mushy peas - I mean, really, who would like anything called mushy peas?  However, this was a combination of whole baby peas and mushy peas with some seasoning that had me eating the entire portion (a first for me.). . In general the bartenders were very helpful and friendly.  Would have been nice had someone checked on our dinner and let us know the status when we went so long without getting our meal, but that's a small point.. . I liked the decorations.  It's pretty noisy with music playing but not so much that we couldn't hear each other or talk to the people next to us.  It was pretty busy for 5 PM.  Probably even busier later on.. . I would go again, but not for the Fish & Chips - definitely for the Deviled Eggs though.
After a series of meals designed to appeal to the lowest common denominator palette, I was glad to have some flavor-packed comfort food.. . At the Pub, we were greeted with warm, soft pretzels acompanied by whipped butter and cheddar spreads. Beef cheeks were tender and tasty. I normally dislike cooked carrots, but these were prepared well and maintained their snappiness. Shepherd's pie was the standout with shredded, braised lamb rather than the usual ground preparation. . . After watching Gordon's "Nightmare" shows, it was good to hear he practices what he preaches - each staff member has tasted the dishes they serve, and could describe them well. Our server was also knowledgeable about the Belgian and UK beers. . . I was even glad to hear disagreement on favorites - it was good confirmation they were sharing their opinion rather than promoting a certain "chef signature item." To this end, we decided to complete our meal with a blueberry cobbler topped with peanut butter crumble and peanut butter creme fraiche instead of the more traditional sticky toffee pudding. . We'll be back.
I saw this place while exploring the casino and realized that it just opened earlier this month. I decided to take my sister here for a belated Christmas gift (she, like many others, is a Gordan Ramsey fan and aspires to also cook amazing food one day). Luckily, there was no need to physically stand in line - we placed our name on the waitlist and roamed around until the estimated time that that gave us to return, by which they had our table ready.. . After we sat down, we had to wait several minutes before the server came to us, but the staff and food more than made up for it. Our waitress, Elyse, was very sociable when she arrived, chatting with us for a while before taking our order. Because of our time constraint, my sister decided to settle for dessert only.. We were debating between the sticky toffee pudding and potted triple chocolate trifle (both $9-10) and Elyse highly recommended the sticky toffee pudding, so we decided to go with that. Not disappointed with the overall selection at all!. . Sticky Toffee Pudding: The combination of toffee "pudding" (it's actually a cake in Britain) with toffee syrup (wasn't too sweet, which balances out the cake), and vanilla bean ice cream (made fresh daily and gives a nice balance between hot and cold) is heavenly!. . Overall:. Con: Not getting the waiter right away when we sat down. Pro: Not needing to physically wait in line, friendly staff, quality dessert. . Will come here next time (over buffets) to try the rest of the menu!
Gordon Ramsey is blowing up Las Vegas with his steakhouse in Paris, his Pub in Caesars and then his Burgr joint in PH...someone forgot to spell check that sh*t! . . Anyhoo, back to pub-tastic...we attended the preview dining and we were very pleased.. All the servers were very attentive and pleasant & they have the cutest outfits!  The food was good, a very nice mix of European/English flair, although not a lot of selections for Vegetarians.. They have a nice ambiance for a Pub and I would suggest it for sure, it's a mix between a restaurant, bar & lounge - you can choose to sit in any.... EXCEPT.....it's VERY pricey.  Our meal, two people, was $125 :/ Eesh!  My husband had the Scottish beer and he loved it!  "The pub includes 36 beers served on tap plus 24 bottled beers. With an eye towards dishes that pair well with beer the pub menu includes English ale onion soup, shepherd's pie, and a selection of sausages, fried egg sandwiches and the classic pub fish and chips.". . Save up your money before you go & Enjoy!!
Met up with a couple of friends to grab a quick dinner.  Just a note - we looked on the Caesar's website in detail at all of their restaurants to find one that wasn't too overpriced since we had a big weekend of eating at nice places in front of us.  Ididn't even know Gordon Ramsay had a place in Caesar's, but to my delight, there it was on the list and it had two $$ in front of it, noting it as an average check price of $20 per person.  This was not the case.  An average cost for an entree appears to be about $28.. . So I met up with my friends and ordered a dirty martini, which came out perfect.  We ordered our food and started chatting.  We noticed that 30 minutes had gone by and the waiter had not come back and our food had not arrived.  We waved him down and he said he would go check on it.  10 minutes later the food finally came out.  I had ordered the duck confit salad from the appetizer section.  The portion was almost an entree portion, but half the price!  It was delicious and perfectly cooked.  I finished the entire plate and was just full enough.  One of my friends ordered the roasted chicken, which looked like a tiny whole roasted chicken.  I didn't try any of it but he said it was great.  My other friend ordered the flank steak medium, and it came out medium rare.  She also said it was quite delicious.  We ordered the fingerling potatoes as a side, and those were BOMBtastic.  To my surprise, the side of brussel sprouts were okay (i HATE brussel sprouts).. . The ambiance was classy, but not stuffy.  I liked it a lot.  It was fun and just the right amount of loud.  The service was fine, other than the food taking forever, but maybe that's just because it's so new they are still trying to work out all the kinks.  It's also a huge plus my duck confit was only $16 and was such a big portion.  I'd go here again and try the fish and chips.  I saw a couple of waiters carrying that by for another table and my mouth began to water.  They looked phenomenal!
In true Las Vegas fashion, my family did Christmas on the Strip starting with dinner at one of the most recent additions to Ramsay's restaurant empire. The good impressions started even before we entered the place. In the first moments of walking up to the restaurant, I fell in love with their uniforms! The hostess' are outfitted in the most adorably sexy newspaper dress accessorized with fingerless leather gloves and matching booties. Someone remind me to ask our loving David S. to steal one for me ;) The uniforms only got better as the rest of the FOH people were dressed in this awesome British punk street wear. Designer Allison Leach of Mad Men and Glee did one heck of a job of creating that awesome first impression..  . Our server was a little too high energy for me. You know when you have that fake salesperson vibe when they're trying to sell you something? Yeah, it was a little much. But other then that our server and serving assistants were working like a well-oiled machine. My mother is a lightweight and needed a girly beer. Our server smartly suggested the strawberry Fruli... It is now her favorite beer ever. And bread service was amazing. It shows up warm and delicious with a cheddar cheese spread and whipped butter cream. Andthey don't have a problem with serving you seconds. Hands down the best bread basket in town. .  . The food. Oh man, the food is British pub action on point. I was itching to try some Sheperd's Pie. And although it is one of the cheapest entree items it was one of the most delicious non-Asian foods I've eaten in forever. Tender chunks of lamb, beef, and vegetables blanketed in mouth-watering mashed potatoes. *heaven* In the fish & chips, they used cod which was a little heavier on the breading but fried to perfection. And the chips (fries) were thick blocks of fried potato served piping hot. Instead of a salad, we ordered a side of Brussels sprouts sauteed with bacon and apples. The slices of apple were real treats! They absorbed all the delicious flavors from the seasoning  and the sugar cooked off in the little bit of bacon fat. Amazing! I wish there were more than just 2! . . The only downside to our meal was the lamb riblettes appetizer. Tiny bits of lamb were served with a creamy cumin-based yogurt sauce. It was tasty but for the price, portion size was absolutely abysmal. GR insider David S. says the lamb entree is the way to go and 1000x better..  . I'm loving GR's new diggs. It's cool but still upscale with the food & service to match. I shall return..  . Cheers!
Came for dinner opening week.  No reservation, pretty easy to get a table.  This is an attractive restaurant, I really enjoyed the decor and uniforms.  Service was also pretty good aside from the one major issue of the night, menus (minus 1 star).  There were 4 people in our party and we had three menus showing one price and one menu that was about $10 higher per entree.  It is a big difference if the Shepard's pie is $25 or $16.  We asked about the price difference and the server immediately took away the expensive menu, but it makes me wonder...  The food was all great.  Portion sizes were average for the Shepard's pie, large for the pork chop, and VERY tiny for the lamb riblettes appetizer.   Beer selection was great including a dry English cider.  Sticky toffee pudding was very good served in a traditional fashion with plenty of sauce.   Value was reasonable for Vegas standards using the prices on the cheaper menu.  I will happily return as long as the expensive menu prices don't take effect.
First - the food is exceptional. The problem is with the front-of-house and overall presentation. Arrived 6pm and the place was 75% empty. Seating only by reservation! We had to cool our heels 15 minutes because they do not accept walk up business! I suppose this keeps out the riff-raff but it also keeps out customers. The bimbo squad that act as greeters/seaters are just that - bimbos. Fairly attractive and none too smart or just not well trained. Or both. The drink menu is presented to you on an iPad but the size of drink involved and the pricing does not match what they offer you! Attempted an $8.75 25oz. Newcastle draft off the iPad but could only order a pint at $7.75! Pints were not even on the iPad menu! They mention that this is a 'craft' beer place but it must be relegated to the bottled section as the draft selection is pretty pedestrian. Did I mention the food is outstanding? No doubt, this is what kept this at a 4-star rating. But they serve the entrees in a plate that is almost like a bowl. This makes cutting meat a bit of a challenge. The 2-seat tables are pretty small with little room to manage all the glasses, bread plates, raised wooded placemats, etc AND the freaking iPad. Service was decent by the wait staff. The decor does not match the hype. It is pretty boring and almost ugly unless half-kegs of beer as wall art is your thing. From place settings to 'reservation only' seating this is as far from a friendly, down-to-earth pub as one can imagine. I suspect Gordon Ramsay was involved in the menu and the overall licensing of his name/image and that is about it as part of his overall Harrah's deal. This location in Caesar's was Bradley Ogden's which was an overall brilliant restaurant across the board. Too bad it was replaced with this - which boasts as friendly and inviting but really isn't. But this is all about the food and the food is OUTSTANDING. Just don't expect a Michelin experience.
Good as far as pub food goes and very knowledgeable barkeeps.. . You might be waiting a while for a table, but I can see why.
Had lunch at Gordon's pub.  A little mix up getting the server initially, but the manager? was doing the rounds, got everything rolling quickly.  From then on, service was exceptional.  Managar suggested Innis & Gunn, reading other reviews, does seem they push that beer.  It was quite good.  Had the fish and chips based on Yelp feedback.  Good choice.  I thought the portions might be a bit small, but the dish is really filling, no room for desert.
I normally write separate reviews for each visit but these visits are only days apart. . . VISIT #1. I came with some Yelperazzis for a snack before a Yelp event ( yes, we ate before a food sampling event and we went to eat after that too). We just decided to share some bits at the recommendation of David who has tried a extensive bit of the menu. . . The short rib and beef cheek sandwich was the star for me. It was beautifully braised and tender and I love their housemade stone ground mustard with a horseradish kick.. .  I hate when a place can make a Shepherds pie that puts mine to shame (and I know mine is fucking delicious) but this did me in. I like that its a combo of lamb and beef and the gravy of it was savory and worth sopping up if there's some left after devouring (save a piece of bread or ask for some!). . . The deviled eggs were good in that the bacon does add a kick to it, but to me a deviled egg is just alright. . . Pei mussels and clams were perfectly cooked and the broth with it was solid and had a nice saffron flavor.. . I got the Magic Hat #9 to drink which was nice and freshly apricot to cut the richness of the food. . . Service was on point. Lovely, funny, enthusiastic Elise took such great care of us, filled our drinks, checked in on us, gave great recommendations and got us checked out in a flash.  . . VISIT #2. . A few days later I return for my BFs friends birthday with a large party of 10 people. It was much busier on a Saturday night than the weekday we came. . . The BF and I got the duck confit poutine to start as I really wanted it when I came last but they were out. I say it's rather good and comforting, lots of shredded confit to go around for each bite of fries. I don't know if I would call it poutine as I normally have a much thicker gravy, but this au jus gravy situation was densely rich. We tried bites of our friends scotch egg which was a great version of a dish I am a big fan of. One friend got some pub spot sliders which was okay but a bit too well done for my taste. . . The BF got fish and chips which I thought was a solidly done one. I definitely am a fan of their tartar sauce! They don't give you malt vinegar automatically but ask if you want it. They have this garlic aioli that came with someones order but I asked for more to dip the steak fries in. If you love aioli on potatoes like I do, it'll elevate your fries. . . I got the Irish beef cheek stew and fuck me sideways it was so tender and perfect. I did need some more potato but people kept throwing me their log fries so I mashed that into the jus and aaahhh, noms. Clean plate of course. Between this, the short rib and cheek sandwich this place knows how to braise meat to meltingly tender. . . I had to get some sticky toffee pudding and it was delicious. It's one of my all time favorite comforts and theirs was definitely everything this is supposed to be. People wanted to taste and inside in my head was screaming "no, no, no" while I shared nicely like my mommy taught me. . . Everyone was happy with their food. One of our friends orders wasn't put in... It worked out since there was no way another friend could finish their sandwich so they shared and they expedited a duck confit poutine for him. . . Service was decent enough from our server and another server helping our table with water a few times. The person who white knighted the service though was our busser David that helped get all our random sauces and got to some ignored sodas and waters a few times.. .  The thing that really blew chunks was we were held hostage for the bill. People shoulda spoke up to maybe split before things were even ordered so that part was our fault, but the way it was split was so inefficient. Went to one person and asked what they ordered and then disappeared and going one by one and coming back to recheck and check again and again which is which. He came to ask us what we had twice after the first time. . . Split checks during my first visit was painless. She tabbed which person is whose on one big check then came with one check back that split it into seat #1, #2, #3, etc. to make sure it was right then paired the card/cash to the seat and came back with our individual receipts - done. This took forever this time when I really think it shouldn't have been that hard to get items to the right person. A little wait was expected, but we waited almost as long for checks than our entire meal duration. One friend was salty they got attitude from the server about the bill? I did not witness or asked for a elaboration. Apparently this place also runs with having a cashier settle bills for the servers and they only have one? This place is packed so I think they may need another if a lot of people are waiting. . . Pleased with the food and my first visit but coming with a smaller party at non peak hours to sit in Elises section! I'll average it to a 4stars as "I'm a fan", but warn big parties to handle splitting yourself and don't come when busy!. . (Yelp 100 Challenge 13/100)
A bit apprehensive given the reviews but we really enjoyed the experience. The place looks great and the food and service will get there with a little time. Love the interior design and the place was packed with a 15 minute wait! We sat at the bar Matt was awesome. Place mats are very English pub looking... Love the plate presentation.. . the selection of draft beers is fantastic. they even offer a draft hard apple and pear ciders. the pear was amazing and Matt was happy to let me try a sample of the apple as well.. . We started with the duck poutine and the warm pretzels. Pretzels were wonderful and the English mustard was super spicy and delicious. Duck poutine was good but not a lot of confit for the price.. . Fish and Chips was a mixed bag. the fish was excellent, cooked perfectly with a great malt vinegar presentation. We did not care for the "Chips" the french fries served witht he Poutine were much better.. . Sticky toffee pudding an excellent. Peanut butter and Jelly dessert needed work. If I am in the Forum SHops or going to an event/show at Caeser's I will be back.. . Lots of great things on the menu I still want to try.. . The dual pricing Regular menu price/Harrah's club member pricing truly INSULTING and fit for a Casino buffet not a world class chef
Went here last week a few weeks after it officially opened. Saw them doing practice dinners earlier in the week.. . Overall, the place wasn't bad, but it wasn't wowing. I actually came here twice. Once for a business dinner, which was good food and great service. We had reservations and were promptly seated. The waiters had interesting uniforms, especially the very well supporting women's dresses. We ended up having 5 instead of 4 halfway through our meal and were very pleased with the flexibility of the staff considering the stature of the restaurant and their relatively business and newness. Props to them for being extremely considerate.. . The food was good, for being British. Admittedly, my opinion of British food has never been good or bad. Just mediocre. Gordon Ramsay's name on it makes me have naturally higher expectations. As expected, the menu is relatively small, but very selective.. . Since I had higher expectations, I can tell you that the food was good, but I wouldn't say it was amazing. I enjoyed eating here and so did all of the other people that came with me. We had a full course of appetizers, followed by entrees, and desserts.. . So, I managed to get a full compliment of what the restaurant had to offer. After this visit, I went back with a few buddies after gambling at Caesar's and we just wanted to get drinks at the bar but they were 'too busy' to seat us so we actually stood at the bar waiting for somewhere to sit. We even had a waitress try to get one of the hostesses to seat us in one of the obviously empty tables, but they refused saying that they were booked. Needless to say, this part of my experience was a bit offsetting. In addition to that, we bartenders were a bit hissy when it came to asking to close the tab, which we found a bit odd. They seemed less than concerned to help us pay them.. . Overall, I would say my experience was pretty good and that I would come back, just not for the bar. Only for food/drinks if I have a reservation. Oh, and I loved the Corgi chair that I had been sitting in. I'll post a picture later.
I actually thought this place was pretty good. The whole restaurant remodel went over very successfully and it now boosts a large open floor plan.  True to form, all the staff still wear crazy outfits that just look silly on some.  . . We got the Shepard's pie and the mac-n-cheese and shared these two items for lunch.   The Shepard's pie was AMAZING def get this.  The mac-n-cheese was just OK for me.  . . Service was great and availability to make a reservation online on opentable is always a plus.
I actually wanted to give this place 4.5 stars but unfortunately yelp doesn't allow that :(. . A date took me here for dinner two nights ago. I loved how decor was bright and colorful when we walked in. The server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable about the menu which was great since I couldn't decide what to get. We both loved the extensive amount of beers on tap!. . We were served complimentary pretzel bread with a sharp cheddar cheese spread that I could have just eaten as my meal - Delish! Since it's pretty cold here right now I started with the english ale onion soup which was an even better version than french onion soup. It was rich and very filling. . . My date had the pub beef burger with ginormous fries..I totally wanted what he had. Sadly, he demolished the whole plate so I didn't even get a taste but that's what I'm getting next time. . . The server really sold us on the sticky toffee pudding with sweet cream ice cream. I was in heaven... . I took away half a star only because they have huge flat screen tv's at each table and my date was glued to it since the game was on. I think it took away from the experience a little bit but I was definitely pleased with the service and food.
A few of us went to this place over the weekend.  Although I don't find British food all that exciting, I had to give this place a try...why not?. . The interior and decor were ok.  This is a pub so, it's not a place to take your date.  There's bread service of pretzels with butter and a cheddar spread.  It's about $20-30 per entree, $10+ for sides like English chips - depending on the menu (there's a pub menu and a grill menu).  . . We wanted to try the duck confit poutine but unfortunately, they weren't available.  Such bad news.  So, we ordered truffle chips, short-rib and cheek sandwich, steak, pork belly, and cornish hen.  For dessert we had peanut butter and jelly, sticky toffee pudding, butterscotch pot de creme and potted triple chocolate trifle.  Nothing exciting about the truffle chips and the steak.  I mean, they were good...just nothing exciting.  Except for maybe, one tidbit about how they cook their chips/fries 3 times: boiled, baked and fried.  . . CORNISH HEN:. It came with veggies and I'm glad I ordered a side of English chips or I would've ended up hungry.  The skin was nice and crisp and full of flavor. 4/5. . PORK BELLY:. This was my favorite out of all the stuff we ordered. Fatty, crispy and delicious! 5/5. . SHORT-RIB AND CHEEK SANDWICH:. It was quite tasty.  Reminds me of a dish my mom made called mechado...but in a sandwich. 4/5. . PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY:. It has a hint of peanut butter and some blackberries.  I'm not a fan. 2/5. . STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING:. A classic.  It's warm, ooey-gooey and served with a scoop of ice cream and it was just perfect! 5/5. . BUTTERSCOTCH POT DE CREME:. It's got pumpkin and a hint of nutmeg with pumpkin seeds on top. Reminds me of fall/Thanksgiving. 4/5. . TRIPLE CHOCOLATE TRIFLE:. I'm a chocoholic so I had to have this. Not the best chocolate dessert I've had but it's good. I finished my dessert without a problem. 4/5. . The food was good but the service needs to be improved.  Our food came one at a time and we normally wait until the last person gets her/his food before we all start eating.  A few follow-ups later, the last person got her food and by the time, everyone's food already had gotten cold.  The manager came and talked to us so, our desserts were comped.  It took forever to get drink refills and if you ask for sweetener or anything at all...you might have to wait 30 minutes to get it.  So, overall, I'd give this place 3.5/5 stars.  If I were Gordon Ramsay, I would tell the staff to "f@*% off!"
Didn't eat here, but had some drinks. Impressive mixology. I recommend "The Pub Crawl", made with black tea syrup and Knob Creek Whiskey.
The food was definitely great.  The wife had the lamb burger with goat cheese.  while it had nothing besides the goat cheese on it, I was skeptical as I like a lot of strong flavors.  But it was quite tasty, I was surprised.  I ordered the fish n chips.  That being said I'm not a big fish n chips fan normally because the breading never seems completely done to me.  However the fish n chips was really good.  The batter had just the slightest hint of being not quite crispy all the way through though.  So the 4 stars.. But the chips or fries were amazing!!  They are delicious and the size of landscaping timbers!  Someone on here complained about them which I thought was stupid.  . It did take about 15 min longer than I thought it should for the kitchen to get our order out though.  We were one of the first ones there and there were several other tables that got their food first.  All in all it was 90 mins start to finish for lunch.
Almost everything at this restraint was perfect.  First the ambiance was casual and unique.  The food was cooked to perfection. I had the short rib cheese steak, this is the first time I had short ribs prepared like a cheese steak.  It was original and delicious.  The short rib was perfectly seasoned and had a horseradish sauce while delicious, it made the sandwich a little spicy.  The caramelized onions and red peppers complemented the dish.  The fries were prepared as small wedges and baked, topped with parmesan cheese, this was such a simple but delicious concept!  Be warned before you eat here you are going to pay. While the prices are high the food quality is defiantly worth it.  If you stay away from alcohol your average price per person will run between $15-30 for lunch.  The only thing stopping me from a 5 star rating was the stow service.
Family trip to Vegas, quite a few Ramsey fans amongst us.  Total of 8 diners off of the grill menu.  We made a reservation and our table was ready for us.. . Service - Solid.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgable.  The staff was attentive to our needs with regard to keeping water full and table clear.  My only complaint would be the drink menu.  I can dig conserving paper and flashy electronics, but passing a couple iPads around to place drink orders was a bit of a hassle.. . Ambiance - I liked it.  I wouldn't call it a traditional pub, but the feel is there.  The noise level is moderate, with an eclectic mix of British rock/popon the playlist.  The uniforms fit with the theme.  I work with beer for a living and I am without a doubt overly anal retentive with regards to it.  So, a wall made of kegs in a British themed pub didn't sit right with me.  Casks would have been much more appropriate.  Speaking of casks . . .. . Beverages - Admittedly, we were all looking at beer, it's a pub after all.  For everyday beer selection, I'd give it a big thumbs up.  Lots of imported and expected domestic draft options, and a more craft friendly bottle selection.  I got a Union Jack, brother got a Sculpin, mom got a SNPA.  Their's was fresh, mine wasn't.  Que Sera, at least the options were there.  I would say this is more disappointing after visiting BURGR this afternoon and being offered a much more impressive beer list.  Lastly, it is a Pub, how is there nothing on cask?  If you are an avid beer advocate temper your expectations.. . Food - Not one of the 8 off us left disappointed or hungry.  Between the 8 of us we tried the Pork and Lamb Rillettes appetizer, Lamb T-bone, Shepard's Pie, Brick Pressed Cornish Hen, Clams and Mussels, Pork Belly and sides of Brusselspouts and Fingerling Potatoes.. . Bread and starters: The bread, holy geez the bread.  A selection of pretzel breads and a beer roll served with Devonshire butter and a Welsh cheddar spread with horseradish.  I can't believe they don't charge for this, it is easily one of the best things that was put on our table.  The Rillettes were excellent as well.  I favored the pork over the duck, which admittedly was a bit bland for duck.  It comes with a fabulous horseradish infused mustard, crispy acidic house made pickles of carrot and radish.. . Mains - I am going to jump right to it.  Everything was at least good, but the Shepard's Pie is absolutely astounding and I would say the best thing we had on the table.  The pork belly, which I ordered was very good, crispy and fatty just as it should be.  It has a pea puree with it that is hardly noticeable and tiny chippolini(sp?) onions for sweetness.  All together great dish I wouldn't hesitate to order again.  I did not try a clam, but the mussels were great.  They were massive and came swimming in a delicious broth and a few heels of bread to drag through it.  The hen we a little dry but, my goodness, was the skin crispy.  The lamb was well prepared, perfectly cooked.  It is topped with Stilton, which I find to be a relatively medium flavored blue cheese, but in this situation it surprisingly dominated the lamb.  It was good to be sure, but could be better.. . Sides:  The brusselsprouts were outstanding, simply prepared with bacon and apples.  Cooked perfectly, flavorful and a great compliment to the fatty pork.  The potatoes were potatoes.  They are tough to screw up and were not here.. . Overall - For the 8 of us it came to just under $50/person, but I'd say that is a comfortable number for the experience we had. I wouldn't hesitate to come back.
What isn't to love about a restaurant where the beer and wine menu is twice as long as the food menu?. . My aunt decided to visit me in sin city this past weekend and this was the first restaurant on her list that she wanted to try.  We arrived at about 3 on a Saturday afternoon and there was only about a 10 minutes wait.  We were seated by the very sweet host.   We were seated on the side near the walkway. . Truffle Chips - They are huge!!  They are about 1in x 1in x 3in.  I heard they are boiled, baked, and deep fried to give it that wonderful consistency.  The Truffle Chips are special because they drizzle it with wonderful scrumptious truffle oil and top it off with truffle shavings.  There are also two dipping sauces one tomato based and the other has a creamier consistency. . Pub Lamb Burger - This burger comes with a good sized lamb patty that is cooked to order.  Topped with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes.  It was wonderful!  You also get a side of their giant chips.  If you are a beer drinker I recommend pairing it with a bottle of Delirium :). . I took off one star because of the tight seating situation.  My aunt and I were seated near the edge of the restaurant and we could barely get in and out of seats.  I'm not sure if all parts of the restaurant are like this, but it was pretty uncomfortable.. . I really enjoyed my experience (minus the seating issue).  I can see myself coming back in the future if I have more visitors, but I will be sure to try and sit in a different section. . . TIP: . I recommend parking at the self parking near the Forum.  Once you come off the elevators turn right and you will run right into the Pub & Grill. . Bust out your Total Rewards Card (the players club card for the Harrah's Casinos) and save a buck or two on every item.
The service was great & my husband definitely enjoyed the hostess cute outfits. I loved the cool atmosphere & the comfortable seats. I had a beer that cost $9.00 which was a bit much, but the food prices are what you should expect from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant.. . Tip: make sure to make reservations & if you have a rewards card you can get a discount.. . Menu tip: they have a bar menu & a dinner menu. So make sure to ask for both. If you sit at the bar you can only order from the bar menu.. . Food recommendation: I highly recommend the Mac & cheese. It's like no other you have ever had. It is topped with truffles. It is a good portion so you can share with another person or take the other half home. . If your not a fan of steak fries then I don't recommend the pub chips since they are twice the thickness of steak fries, my husband is very picky and did not like them, but I thought they were yummy.
I am not really supposed to review this, since I've only been here for a Yelp Elite Event, but VEGANS NEED TO KNOW: despite the reputation of British food, they will make accommodations for you here!. . One of the servers told me that they actually even have a "Vegan plate of the day"..... probably noton menu, but ask!!! . . I had several super tasty cocktails, AMAZING service from KIMBERLY (ask for her, she will treat you RIGHT!), and a very tasty veg plate with crispy fried fingerling potatoes, roasted onions, Brussels sprouts, turnips and a mushy peas.  SO GOOD.  Topped with sprigs of fried thyme.  I loved it.  They also have a great raspberry sorbet for dessert.
Food was outstanding!  We had the soft pretzels, pub sliders and traditional fries. Loved all three. . . Amazing draft and bottled beer selection. . . The layout feels like a pub and the decor was fun. Plenty of TV's to catch a game. . . Service was good. . . Would totally grub here again!
went here late on a friday night. we were immediately seated and the staff was very kind and attentive. the decor is very eclectic, hip environment, and great people watching. we ordered caeser salad and fried oysters for appetizers, different beers off their very cool ipad drink list with pictures of each drink, and ate hands down the best shephard's pie I have ever tasted. the beef stew is delicious and there were soft mashed potatoes layered over the stew. great place for a date, for friends, everyone!
A true 3.5. We ordered the Rib Eye Steak, potatoes, and a caesar salad. The food here was really good. The salad dressing was delicious and the lettuce was hand picked. The bread basket is actually 3 mini pretzels, which were delicious and it was a nice change. The potatoes were topped with parmesan and complemented the steak quite well. The steaks were cooked as we had asked and were absolutely delicious. The thing i was not pleased with were the sauces that they have. Everything has a bitter funky taste to it. I am not sure if they are adding mustard or horseradish or what the deal is but when i have ketchup i want it to taste like ketchup. The prices don't really match the ambiance and the decor offered here. This place is more of a bar/grill rather than a steakhouse but you will pay steakhouse prices. It is a nice place to grab a dinner and a beer.
A lot of folks appear to have had a negative experience. We did not.  Food was very good.  Yes it was expensive..... this is Vegas.  Everything costs more here especially on the strip.  Add to that the fact it's a Gordon Ramsey establishment and the cost ticks up.  But what did you expect?  Vegas, The Strip, Gordon Ramsey, and a $6 burger? Everyone is entitled to his or her opinion based on their experience.  We had a great time and everything we ate was excellent.  Could there be a little Ramsey bashing going on?  Why, you ask, if it was so good did I only give it 4 stars?  Well our server was excellent but that was the last staff member that was.  The hostesses are in need of training.  We were promptly seated only to be told several minutes later that there was no server on duty of that table (despite tables all around us being handled).  So we were moved and damn if it didn't happen again!  The third seating was a charm, however.  Unfortunately, it wasn't handled well.  Their staffing issues should not be experienced by the customer especially when they had what appeared to be plenty of staff on hand.  And yes, for the amount of money we spent you expect better service.  However, the problem wasn't the food!  I've lived in Vegas for many years and watch restaurants come and go.  All experience some growing pains.  I sincerely hope that this one grows out of theirs.  We'll go back expecting the same great food, higher than average prices, but much better service.
The food here is delicious, this is a newly opened pub located inside Cesar's palace. Priced a bit above average for a normal pub. So they loose a star for that. They were pretty busy the day i ate there, and I felt almost ignored at times by my waiter. I dont need many things, but refills come on. I dont have any thing else bad to say tho, def give it a try if you are around the area. Atmosphere is amazing, decorations are great looking and cutlery was amazing looking and well combined together with plates and glasses. . Try the shepherd's pie its delicious!!
Something different from the pretentious* upscale restaurants in Caesars Palace.. . I was looking for a relaxed atmosphere to just unwind with a beer in casual attire and happened to walk by this place. There was so much I enjoyed about this place, but let me highlight the one thing that really irritated me about this establishment. The hostesses wear the most hideous dresses! So try not to mind the outfits, you may lose your appetite.. . Instead of the beer, I ordered the "Goodbye Blue Sky" - so sweet and refreshing and crisp! I also got the soft pretzels, which were how you'd expect soft pretzels to be, and a burger. The service and the drink really gave this place four stars - he constantly checked up on us and helped us charge it to our room in Paris when someone at the concierge made a mistake on the name of the room.. . The burger was really dry so minus .5 stars and the hostesses outfits were nauseating so minus another .5 stars. Other than those two things, I can't wait to go back!. . *Beijing Noodle No. 9 - c'mon really? Upscale noodles? No no, just upscale price.
This was one of my favorite spots we hit in Caesars on our last trip. It is situated in the Forum Casino right next to Caesar's food court, so it is on the way to the Forum Shops. . . The look and feel of the place is a hip, upscale pub.  There is a a big bar, tons of tables and then some booths too.  It is a really big space and it is lined with lots of big TVs if you want to watch a game (they had soccer on while we were there).  All the waitresses are in newsprint and safety pin dresses and the waiters are in skinny black jeans and spiked suspenders.  It is modern hip punk....whatever!  I liked it all, it worked.  . . We basically ordered burgers and beer.  Their drinks menu is on an ipad that they bring over and let you flip through so you can see pretty pictures of whatever you want to order.  Drinks are Vegas prices (so high).  Our Sam Adams was like $9.  The burgers came out and they were thick and well cooked.  The fries that come with it, as many have commented, are different.  They are a very, very think cut steak fry.  It is almost like they quarter a potato and deep fry it (to give you a visual on how thick they were).  I loved both my burger and my fries.  The burger had great flavor & it was juicy. The fries were fully cooked and had a bit of crust, but were a little more mushy in the middle.  They had a great flavor though and I loved the different take on a classic.  . . Our server was terrific and he let us linger.  It was a good experience.  It was Vegas pricey, but we were in the resort so you just kind of expect that!
I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay but I do have to say the food was "OK."  What impressed me was much more than the food...the decor, the drink menu, the waiter/waitresses outfits.  . . The service was extremely slow however we did not have to wait for a table on a Saturday during lunch time in February.  (I think the waiter had tables scattered all over the place and not in one vicinity).  The food was a little pricey but I loved the display of the food, originality, and atmosphere.  From my experience, almost everything in Vegas is pricey (even more than NYC) unless you grab a burger from McDonalds.   . . The drink and dessert menu was on an Ipad and gave you descriptions of the drink cocktails.  I got a drink that I can't remember the name but it had Guinness Cream, Boddingtons Ale, Jack Daniels Honey and something else...but all I know it was fantastic and I never drink Jack Daniels anything!  The cocktails were $15 each.  My bf got corned beef in a bread bowl that actually looked good (I never eat corn beef). I got the hamburger which was $19, with bacon would have been $23. All the french fries are 4 huge pieces of potato with a garlic seasoning that come with the meals.  . . I was told Ramsay had checked in the day before with the restaurant and I saw the head chef walking around.  PLENTY of seats, right in the middle of Caesar's.  It's definitely worth checking out and having a more casual meal than a fancy one in LV.. . P.S. Huge Beer Menu as well!
The restaurants vibe is very relaxed yet has a high end feel. The decorations are very tasteful and inline with a pub that specializes in micro brews. The waitresses are very friendly and the uniforms are sexy, the hiring criteria is very specific. Waiters are friendly offering their favorites along with an I-Pad for your use to research beers and items on the menu. I had the beef cheek and short rib sandwich. It was cooked nicely with high quality bread and ingredients. I like the fact that you can order a $100 steak or a $20 sandwich! The other nice part is you can have the Ramsey experience dressed casually... a great break from the tables and slot machines.
Had a great time in here. Good build-out, weird outfits on the staff (especially the hostesses). My husband loved the sliders and the truffle Mac & Cheese was good - I'd strengthen the truffle flavor a little and lighten it up (couldn't finish it). Specialty cocktails were outstanding!. . Service was good - think they are still working out the kinks.
First the Hostess are not very kind and are really rude. It was 10:15pm the hostess said it was last call in 15 minutes. Hmm ok. We still were seated in the Restaurant. However they were still serving for another hour. Get your facts together...... .  I believe our Server was Elise. She was amazing. . . We saw they had mac and cheese on the menu up front however it was not on the menu we were given. So we asked and were brought the pub menu as well. We both ordered beers they were great.  We then ordered out Mac and Cheese and were going to share the truffle chips (fries). Our Mac and Cheese came out before our appetizer.  We asked about it and then just told them never mind. The Mac and Cheese was Damn  good.  They ended up bringing the truffle fries. They were very good, however the dipping sauces were not very good. . . Back to the Service. OMG Elise she was great. She was joking with us and made our dinner out a wonderful experience. She made a real connection with us. Would recommend her to anyone.... . However the main menu was a little over priced from what i saw the portions to be. . Take a look at what you are serving and make some adjustments. . . Will go back again....
I will review this place in the order in which we experienced it:. . First we arrived at the establishment to be greeted by the unfriendly hostess who had a nasty little attitude. She asked us what our last name was, in which my fiance replied: "I will just tell you my first name, because my last name is very long, and hard to pronounce." So he told her his first name, and she preceded to still ask for his last name. My fiance repeated his reason for not giving it to her, to which she replied with a roll of the eyes and a "Well, it's a 45 minute wait." I think she misunderstood the favor that we were doing her by not having to go through the trouble of spelling, and pronouncing our last name; which she would have butchered if left to her. . . After that, we went to the bar. I am not a fan at sitting at the bar, but the bartenders were very animated and friendly. They served us our drinks and food quickly. The bartenders were also very helpful on helping us make selections. We ordered (I don't remember the exact names) the pub sliders, pretzel sticks, and the fish and chips. Me and my fiance share food a lot, and it is a wise idea to do that here,because the portions are large. . . I thought that the food was presented beautifully, and that it tasted good. The pub sliders were juicy and came with a side of garlic mayo, loved it. The pretzel sticks came with a side of spicy mustard (VERY SPICY AND AWESOME), and the fish and chips were tasty and not too greasy. . . While we were eating at the bar and enjoying ourselves, we noticed the beauty queen hostesses up front flipping their hair and snapping their gum. We also noticed a ton of empty tables in the establishment. Clearly, doing their job is so exasperating for them. Gosh, they should take a break. . . I would come here again, and I would recommend it to a friend. I took off a star because of the rude introduction we got from the hostesses. Ramsay above all people should know that first impressions mean a lot, and that those ladies up front gave us, and from what I'm reading most people, a bad taste in their mouth.
Went on opening night dec 18, 2012. It was certainly an event! The food was excellent. I recommend the short rib and cheek sandwich. Get the draft sampler, it's a good deal for a casino restaurant giving you eight 5 oz pours of any drafts available for $15. Also got to see Guy Fieri and Iron Chef Morimoto enjoying the opening night. the service staff was very nice each greeting us with a handshake and welcoming us to opening night. We will be back next time we're visiting vegas.
Nice,  food was good but not amazing.  Atmosphere was great and service was average.  Yelp map was wrong on location.
While waiting for the Celine show we were lucky to grab a spot at the bar. Our bartender, Keith, was very friendly, telling us the pub had only been open for 3 months. I guess the uniforms were supposed to be disco 80's, but I felt sorry for the girls. Our food service was prompt. I expect pub food to be fattening and it was delicious as well. I had the sliders and my husband had a ham and cheese sandwich.  I hope Ramsey keeps his eye on this place to keep it up to par. I've read several poor reviews that I think would get his ire up! Maybe better training of the staff? Our experience was great.
Great bartender -Raul- amazing Moscow mule. Got the short rib and braided cheek sandwich. It was melt in your mouth good. Only down side was long wait for sandwich.  I'd recommend going here.  It's pretty relaxed, great selections.  Everyone seemed to love their food.Hamburgers were flying off the shelf - but If I am going to have something of Ramsey's I'm not going to get a burger.
We went to Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse on a previos trip to Vegas and loved it so we had to try this place.  Place was very busy even for lunch on a Friday so I recommend using the OpenTable resevation on this place even if it is only an hour ahead of arrival.  Everyone else had to wait at least 30 mins, but we were seated immedately.  I had the Short Rib and Cheek Sandwich which was good but seemed like it needed a little something extra so I added the mustard.  The mustard is very good but be careful the stuff is SPICY.  My wife really liked the Fish and Chips and we loved the Sticky Toffee Pudding.
I went here last month for a Valentine's dinner with my husband. The ambience is very british. The service was great. We had to ask for a table in front of a TV so that we can watch a basketball game while we eat dinner. They were very cooperative and sat us after about 10 minute wait which we didn't mind at all. Their bread selection was very good but their french onion soup was very very salty. I understand they are supposed to be served a bit salty, but wow. it was really salty. I enjoyed my fish and chips while my husband drooled over his beef stew. The beef stew is really soft and it'll literally melt in your mouth. Bread pudding is good but it was a flavor I expected. But overall, we enjoyed our dinner. They have great beer selection. Decent price level for it being a restaurant inside a strip hotel.
This place was very yummy! I was excited to come here because I have been to the other two Gordan Ramsay restaurants in Vegas and wanted to dine at this one as well. I met to co-workers there and it was a nice place to sit and chat since we hadn't seen each other in a while. I loved our waiter. He was really nice and made recommendations for us when I asked. It did take a while to have the food come out but since we were talking a lot we didn't mind.. . I started dinner off with a cocktail. I had the spiced cider which was amazinggg. If you like any kind of ciders or if apples are your favorite fruit get this drink. It was very tasty. I also loved that they brought out pretzels and bread as a free appetizer. They give you a roll and three different kinds of pretzels along with a horse radish cheese dip and butter. Amazing and a great touch to the start of the meal. I got the Beef Cheek stew because our waiter said that if you wanted to try something different to eat that. I really enjoyed it. The beef was so so tender, maybe just a bit on the salty side. I was surprised because it wasn't so much of a stew as it was just beef with potatoes and veggies. I still enjoyed it though-I love when my beef is tender. We also got a side of the Yukon potatoes. They were great and went really well with the beef. I would get these as a side again. Then for dessert we had the chocolate dessert. I forget what its called but it has three different kinds of chocolate mousse in between chocolate cake and topped with whipped cream and chocolate caiver. It's served in a mason jar which I thought was cute. It was Delicious! And my favorite part of the meal (of course). I would get this again.. . I really liked this restaurant and would go here again. The next time I plan on getting the mini sliders because I noticed a ton of people got them and they looked amazing! I also want to try the French Onion Soup. Excited to go back soon! :)
Since I love his shows and became a fan, you got to try the food to see what all the hype is about! I already had his burgers, so next was some pub food. . . The prices are high.. first thing you notice. I got a Shepherd's pie just because it was the least expensive on the menu. ($23). . I had spent alot of money throughout the night, I didn't want to over spend here too. The servers outfits were soo cool. I loved the chains and pants. They had a rock star look to them. . . My server was attentive. I was just finishing up my water, when she stood by waiting until I put it down on the table and right away filled it up! lol. She was not leaving my glass empty. My food was fast and hot. It looks small but once you start digging in, you notice it's more than it looks. It was really good. The meat was juicy and the potatoes had just the right amount of flavor. I was pleased with my dinner. . . So for my Pie and tip came to $29 bucks.
The Yelp review on this place had me feeling worried, but my husband and I were craving beer, and Gordon Ramsay's Pub has a huge selection.  We were pleasantly surprised by the great food here.. . As soon as I saw poutine on the menu, I knew I need look no further.  Theirs is served with duck confit, brown gravy, just a little cheese, all on top of thin-cut fries.  It was rich and salty but also fabulous.  I would have licked the bowl if no one else was around.. . My husband and daughter ordered different versions of their burger, and both loved them.  We also got a side of Brussels Sprouts.  These were very smoky and a bit overcooked, but otherwise okay.. . They have this funny gimmick where your server hands you an iPad so you can view the drink menu.  There are buttons you can tap to place a drink order, only they don't actually work.  Turns out, the order isn't really placed via the iPad; you still have to order your drinks from your server.  Seems like a waste of time and technology to me.. . I feel bad for the staff here.  The uniforms are pretty awful.  The men wear outfits that are sort of 1850s-bartender-meets-punk-rocker.  The hostesses wear tight tank dresses in a tacky newsprint pattern.. . Still, it's more about the food than anything else, and the food here was very good.  I'd come back for that poutine again for sure.
This was our first time at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and we were excited to try it.  For appetizers, we ordered Pork & Duck Rilletes which was very tasty.  (We had never had Rilletes before so we don't have anything to compare).  They also give you  a small bread course for free.  My main course was the Mixed Grill.  It contained steak, pork belly and shrimp.  I loved it.  It was the best steak I had ever had, so tender!  The shrimp are large and juicy.  My husband ordered the flat iron steak.  He said the flavor was great, but when he received it, it was barely lukewarm so it was cold before he could finish it.  The sides are separate but we both ordered smashed fingerling potatoes.  Black truffle makes this dish absolutely delicious.  For dessert, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  This literally made my eyes roll back in to my head!  It was so heavenly.  My husband also tried a few of their tap beers.  The service was excellent!  They constantly checked up on us and were very attentive.  As packed as the place was, I was amazed by that.  Expect to drop some cash (almost $200 for both of us) but it was worth it in our eyes.  . There were only two negatives...  his steak being barely lukewarm and the music was SO loud that we had a hard time talking.  They play music by British artists. . However, they get props from me for playing Depeche Mode.  :). We will DEFINATELY be back!
May have to be my go to lunch spot if all else fails.. . Pub & Grill is a good alternative if you don't want to wait in the dreaded buffet line. They really got the ambiance right for an English Pub and Grill, and they make it fun and lively.. . Good:. Decor/environment, staff, beers on draft (carlsberg,innus and gun), fries. . OK:. Food (Burger needs more flavor, Fish needs more flavor the texture was good)
The name/image of "Gordon Ramsey" is super hot right now, so of course there was an allure to try out this new restaurant.  It's located in Caesar's Palace, near the Forum shops entrance.  This is the location where the winner of the current Hell's Kitchen will be awarded the Executive Chef position.  Making reservations didn't seem necessary as the restaurant wasn't very full.  In fact, I was a little disappointed in our table selection considering we took the extra time to make reservations and plan weeks in advance of our LV trip (we were put in a middle isle table away from the outside view or more intimate, private booth areas).. . The atmosphere of the restaurant was incredible.  The theme of an English Pub was evident in every detail, including the staffs' attire.  The color coordinated Doc Martens were awesome!  We absolutely LOVED the music (throw back memories of high school), which included The Smiths, The Cure, and other great Brit hits.. . The menu offered standard English pub food.  The drink menu wasn't very expansive.  We opted to start out with the fried oysters as an appetizer with the Mothers Ruin and Ramsey's Tonic for drinks.  The appetizer was executed and delivered perfectly.  The drinks were ok, nothing spectacular compared to other places on the Strip.. . One of my fav parts of our dining experience was the bread plate they bring to your table.  It was phenomenal and I wanted like 5 more!  It includes 3 different flavored pretzel sticks and nut loaf.  My fav was the herb pretzel!  It had 2 dipping options: butter and a cheddar/horseradish (which had just the right amount of "kick").. . For our main course we got the Shepard's Pie and the Fish 'n Chips.  I really don't care for lamb and its flavor seemed to take over the whole dish.  The Fish 'n Chips were superb.  All the food was piping hot and seasoned perfectly.  . . We ended the meal with the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  Honestly, we were so full that we left half the dessert, which was a shame considering it was so good!  The caramelized top was the best part!  It wasn't too sweet and had a nice balance with the sweet cream ice cream. Definitely worth a try!. . The only reason I didn't give my experience 5 stars is because of the service.  I was disappointed that for the cost of the meal and quite honestly because it is attached to Chef Ramsey's name, the service wasn't more professional.  I took offense to the young hostess calling me "sweetie".  Her interactions came off as condescending and indifferent... she never greeted us until a manager came up.  And considering I am at least 2 decades older than her, it was rude.  Our waiter wasn't attentive, in fact he refilled our water AFTER we asked for the check.  We also had to ask for appetizer plates and utensils/napkins twice, while the appetizer grew cold.  While fine dining is meant to be savored and time is not of the essence...the 20 minutes it took to just get our check and pay wasn't necessary and was wasted moments of my life.   . . If only Chef Ramsey had been around....our dining excursion would have been heavenly.....  I mean who doesn't like Hell's Kitchen?!?  :)
Very pricey but good comfort food. Interesting beer selection (displayed on iPad not a menu). Energetic atmosphere. Menu is a bit limited but food is very well prepared and flavorful.
After reading all of the up and down reviews about this place, I didn't care. I wanted to come here and see for myself. I love pub fare and after being a late fan to his show on tv, it seemed like a natural place to check out. My husband and I arrived on a Friday evening around 7 with no reservations. Hostess said around 30 min but if we found seats at bar to help ourselves and let her know. We did! That's where we are happiest anyway. Keith and Jose and a whole host of others took EXTREMELY good care of us. We ordered several different items from the menu including the scotch egg, fried oysters, and then the pork and duck rillettes. Omg. Everything was incredibly fresh, tasty and delicious in our book. The bartenders knew about different beers I asked about and advised accordingly. (I'm an IPA kind of girl). . . They even changed the closest tv to something we requested with no issues. . . I've read countless reviews about the service here and food and while I can't account for table service, our bar service was spot on. I would happily come back and keep trying more items on the menu. I know everyone has different experiences but ours was awesome. I hope that if you are reading this review that you take the adventure and go. It was great for us...at the bar...on a Friday night. Thanks to all at GR's P&G!
I have only had their Mac 'n Cheese and Shepards Pie...both were AMAZING! I would go back for those two dishes!
I have to note that I never review Vegas restaurants, the quality of food is "suppose" to be good. . . I loved our experience here.  We went for lunch, the drinks came out quick  the food was delicious and the service was on point. If you go get dessert!
Our group of 6 was well taken care of during lunch. Our table had the lamb burger, shepard's pie, and ham sandwich as recommended by our waiter.  Great recommendations. We also had the mac and cheese and fish and chips which were good if that's what you're in the mood for. Drink menu on the ipad is a bit slow, especially since there's only one for 6 peeps.. . Gotta give the waiters credit for slipping on them skinny jeans.
It's right in the middle of Cesars and someone help you if you get seated right at the railing, it's like you are an animal on display and all the people waling by stare at you while eating.  The atmosphere is pretty chill for a trendy pub.  It was pretty noisy while we were there but the service was great and the sliders were outstanding, best sliders I have had to date.  They have a great beer selection, including some of Ramsay's claimed favorites.  I tried them all a couple times, it was good.. . Overall its worth a trip, but you better get reservations in advance or you will be waiting a half hour or more.  Reserve online and you get right in.  Like I said, the service was awesome!
Stopped by as I was walking through Caesar's for a quick snack, and sat at the bar. The server recommended the Scotch Egg and pub chips (fries). She was friendly and efficient, and correct on the recommendation. Both items, while simple, were done to perfection. The chips were about a third of a potato or more each, and you got eight, so quite a bit of potato. They were crispy on the outside and just right on the inside. The house made ketchup was good enough to eat without putting it on the chips. It was my first scotch egg, so I don't have much to compare, but I enjoyed the contrast of the spicy sausage, egg, and slightly molten yoke. yum!
This was my first ever restaurant week place and I was pleasantly surprised despite the not so stellar reviews.  Boyfriend loved the pork belly, my salmon was soft, slightly raw but still tasty.  The onion soup was a tad salty.  The sticky toffee pudding is a must - that's to die for!
I've eaten here a total of three times with some varying degrees of deliciousness, but I have to say that the most recent visit was the best.  I've never had a problems with service, although for my first visit, I was seated at the bar.  It's not easy to get great service at a bar... Anyways, this last visit was by far the best.  I had the pretzels with the home made dijon, a bowl of the corn chowder with a basil creme fresh, and the heirloom tomato sandwich.  Let's break these bad boys down:. . 1) The pretzels weren't anything ridiculously amazing, but the dijon mustard is the star.  You can tell it's fresh.  It's a coarse-ground mustard that has plenty of heat.  If you put too much, it will clear out your sinuses, but wasn't retardedly/annoyingly hot.  . . 2) I'd have to say that the corn chowder wasn't my favorite, but it had some good flavor combinations.  The chowder was sweet and had some crab meat placed in, which made it much more sweet that I usually go for.  I'd kind of like something sour (citrus/lime juice possibly) to cut the sweetness.  But the creme fresh paired well to smooth the flavors out.  It cut into the sweetness a bit.  There was a bit of julienned basil to also help cut the sweetness.  Overall, pretty good.. . 3) The heirloom tomato sandwich is EXCELLENT.  Crispy bread with a citrusy aoli.  Perfectly rip tomatoes with thinly shaved parmessian on top.  Awesome.  I want another one for dinner.  Sh*t, I'd eat one for breakfast.  The freshness of the tomatoes work perfectly for a hot day.  And it was light enough not to weigh me doswn, unlike a shepherd's pie or a flat iron steak+fixin's.  No post-lunch naps required.... . All in all, good execution and a great place to take someone to, since you'll be able to have good conversation about the decor, ipad drink menu, and presentation.
I'm surprised this only has a 3-star average. I thought the food was great. We went for dinner, and they brought us pretzel breadsticks and seeded bread to start. I got the steak with onion marmalade  and he got the chicken. Both were delicious and well done. The fingerling potato side wasn't so good though, and overpriced at $12. The decor is cute but the outfits they make the servers wear is god awful--skintight newspaper print rubber? No one looks good in that, and it certainly isn't appetizing.
I was here a week ago for dinner. The food was good. I have the brick braised chicken and my girlfriend had the mussels. The drinks tasted good but I didn't feel like there was enough alcohol in them for the price they charged. My main problem with this restaurant is the speed of service. When you're in Vegas, you don't want to be wasting time waiting for a server to come take your order or bring your food. You want to be in and out and on the way to the tables, clubs, shows, or whatever else you're planning on doing. We were seated quickly but then had to wait nearly 15 minutes before our waitress came to the table. After she finally made an appearance, service speed improved but when it came time to pay, we had to wait again. After giving her my credit card, it took her nearly 15 minutes to bring it back. The restaurant wasn't that busy and it seemed to be fairly standard as other tables had to wait for their server to arrive as well. . . Other than the speed of service, the food was delicious and the atmosphere fun and lively. I would definitely return, just wished the service was faster.
We only had to wait 20 minutes to be seated for dinner which I figured wasn't bad for as crowded as the place looked. They send you a text when your table is ready which was better than having to sit around and wait or carry a pager, so we were able to play some slots while we waited.. . The atmosphere is a little different, you feel more like you are in someone's house for dinner rather than a restaurant, it's a little odd, but it works. Something I have noticed in Gordon Ramsay's restaurants is that the servers all seem a little, under dressed, but our server was attentive and knew all about the menu.. . We tried the pretzel bread that came before the meal and the cheese sauce it came with was great. A nice blend of cheese and spice, it really worked. We ordered the Shepard's pie and the mac and cheese which was not on the dinner menu, but if you ask for it, you can have it. Both dishes were delicious! My husband said it was the best Shepard's pie he ever had and the mac and cheese was amazing! It was creamy and had many levels of flavor, definitely the most complex mac and cheese that I had ever eaten. Also, don't be fooled by what appear to be small portion sizes, they are actually quite filling.. . For dessert we had to try the much talked about sticky toffee pudding and it did not disappoint. The cake was warm and soft, paired perfectly with creamy ice cream and caramel. It was enough to share for two people.. . The service overall wasn't quick, but it wasn't bad either. The couple behind us were waiting for their food when we got there and still didn't have it when we were done. I don't know what they ordered, but they seemed to be waiting a long time for it. Overall I would definitely come back to try more of the menu, it was a nice experience.
I sat here at the bar by myself for lunch. I thought the food here was really good for the one dish I tried... Which was the fish and chips. Really tasty and flakey fish and the chips were yummy. I wish there were more mashed/minty peas cuz those were yummy too.  . . For beer I ordered the Innis and gunn...the bartender asks me after I ordered. "now that's a "pale" ale....is that gonna be ok??" don't talk to me like that... If I order something why would u question me...? Like it felt like he was saying that cuz I was a girl... Whatever.. The beer was awesome and not even hoppy at all which seemed to be what he was implying by his question. I actually went back the next day to the bar to order the same beer again cuz it was so great ... The 2nd bartender when I ordered said "have you had the pale ale variety? That is what we have on tap right now" which was a nicer way of asking without being presumptuous.. . Anyway. For an Anglophile like me, I love this place. Reminds me of England and love the British music that plays (queen, the kooks, Franz Ferdinand, Arctic monkeys etc..). . Would like to return for more Innis and Gunn as well as the famous sticky toffee pudding which I was too full to order :(.
I have been there twice so far this year and each time it was great!  I was alone so I sat at the bar.  The bartenders were very attentive even though they were swamped with a full restaurant and people waiting in line to get in.  . . I had the beef cheek sandwich with their home made chips on my first visit.  It was a great sandwich but I had never tasted beef cheek and did not really like the flavor but still finished it.  Their home made chips and onion dip were great.  My next visit I had the fish and chips.  Plenty of fish, very light and flaky well seasoned but not too much.  I recommend both dishes.  There are plenty of places to eat in Vegas as we all know, I recommend at least one visit here.  I'm sure I will go back again as a favorite.  I like the fact that if you are a Harrah's Rewards member you get a couple bucks off on the price and it's listed clearly in the menu.  Great job Chef Ramsey !!
Brianna saved your reputation.   Not only is she a phenomenal server, knowledgeable about beers, cocktails, food, she accepted some feedback on the short rib/cheek sandwich (first half tough and included gristle).   I didn't know how the sandwich was supposed to taste until the second half.   Then it was awesome.   She took the feedback graciously and took care of it.   Another great GR restaurant!
We enjoyed our dinner here. Pretzels and bread was good, salad was ok, Flat Iron Steak was solid, English Chips were great, and the Strawberry tart was outstanding!!! The wife's Fish and Chips were pretty good too! It was a bit touristy, but I liked the atmosphere.
My rating is really between a 3.5 and 4.  However --the service pushed up the ranking.  . . The flavors of the food were quite good --just a little salty.  My recommendation is to ask them to go light on the salt.  The waitress made some great recommendations of the scotch egg, the truffle potatoes, and a special mash potato they had.  The shepard pie was great --with the meat cooked perfectly.  The muscles were quite good.   My friends had a the chicken but thought it was good but salty.. . The liquor menu was great --with a terrific selection on tap.  I think I would have enjoyed this place more as a 'pub' with snack foods and drinks.. the dinner was good too... but i'd come back for the pub side.   . . Our waitress was phenomenal --she was helpful, attentive, and understood it was a special occasion and treated us well. She was funny and truly made the experience fun.
We've eaten here twice so far (both times selecting from the grill menu) and each experience has been different. Speaking to others that have dined here, it seems that your experience depends a lot on the server that you get. Both times the food was outstanding, but our first visit was somewhat dulled by the lackluster performance of our server.. . Our first visit was a weekday afternoon. We arrived just before 5:00 and it wasn't that busy--plenty of empty seats. We were told it would be about 15 minutes--strange since there were plenty of tables available. The hostesses are dressed in some sort of strange/tacky newsprint style dress that really isn't flattering. It seemed like everyone except the hostesses were busy--they were mostly standing around at the front kiosk chatting with each other.. . It only took about 5 minutes to find us a table. The waiter stopped by after a few minutes, dropped off an iPad, and told us to order our drinks through it. No problem, except that it's for alcoholic drinks only and Brenda wanted an iced tea. BTW, you don't order off the iPad, you just browse--what a waste of a perfectly good paperweight. Brenda ordered the Braised Pork Belly with Sauteed Asparagus and I had the Filet Mixed Grill with sides of Creamed Spinach and Smashed Fingerling Potatoes. No starters, but we did snack on the delicious pretzel bread with butter and a cheese sauce. The cheese sauce was nothing spectacular, but the bread was warm and soft and went great with the English butter they brought out. . . From the time we placed our order until the food arrived was about 20 minutes.  Brenda's iced tea finally arrived after the meal was served. The pork belly was delicious--just the right amount of crispiness without being overdone. The asparagus was done to perfection as well. The lemon zest and thyme went perfectly with the sweetness of the asparagus. I had pork belly with my meal, but it just wasn't the same as Brenda's. It was a smaller piece and it seemed it was cooked just a bit too long. Still had the good flavor, but it was just a bit dry. The filet was OK, nothing to rave about, but at least when I ordered it mid-rare, it came that way. The shrimp weren't bad, but I just don't think you can get really fresh, good shrimp in Las Vegas. For me, the stars of the meal were the two sides. The creamed spinach with stilton cheese was perfectly seasoned and really complimented the flavor of the pork belly. The fingerling potatoes had black truffle with small chunks of British double cream. I could have eaten two servings of these. . . We finally got to see our waiter again when he brought us the check. He didn't ask if we wanted dessert or an after dinner drink. Small tip for this bozo. . All in all, it wasn't a bad experience. The food was as good as we expected, but the front of house staff turned what should have been an enjoyable dining experience into a mediocre one.. . Our second visit was much better than the first. We made reservations for 6:30 on a Friday evening to take our friends out for dinner. We were greeted warmly and waited less than a minute for the next available hostess to take us to our table.. It was a nice table away from the bustle of the casino with deep, comfortable chairs. Our waiter was there almost immediately and we were given the menus along with the useless iPad.  We placed our drink orders and before they were there our waiter was ready to take our order.. . This visit we had two orders of the Braised Beef Cheek, one Fish and Chips, and I ordered the Grilled Rack of Lamb, replacing the olive oil crushed potatoes the great fingerling potatoes I had last time. Since we passed on starters, we continued snacking on the bread while we waited for the food to arrive. Very busy this night, but the staff didn't seem to be as disorganized as during our first visit. . Like the last trip, the food was amazing and as before, Brenda picked the better meal. The beef cheeks simple melted in your mouth and the sauce was so rich and tasty, I wanted to dip some of my lamb rack into it. The plate of fish and chips was huge. The batter was crispy without overcooking the fish and the tarragon tartar sauce complimented it well. My lamb rack was cooked perfectly to a medium rare with a nice sear on the outside. The rosemary lamb sauce was tasty without having that overpowering rosemary flavor or odor. All during the dinner, the staff was attentive, refilling our drinks and water glasses. We definitely didn't suffer through the poor service we had the last time around.. . This trip we all had dessert and each picked something different to try. Steph had the Potted Triple Chocolate Trifle which she enjoyed, but couldn't finish because of her large portion of fish and chips. Joe had the Spotted Dog (a bread pudding) which was tasty and quickly devoured. Brenda, who loves rhubarb, had the Rhubarb Cobbler. I had the Sticky Toffee Pudding, which I first had at GR Steak, and it was just as good and a few bucks cheaper.
When it comes to British-themed gastropubs in the US, this is as good as it gets. Of course, it doesn't come anywhere close to Ramsey's original gastropubs, the Devonshire in Chiswick and the Narrow in Limehouse, London but that's not unexpected.. . The menu is a delightful mix of classic British pub favorites and simple seasonal dishes seasoned with a sense of humor; so, if you expect to find fine or upscale dining, you'll likely be disappointed. While the service is an odd mix of attitude, amateurishness, and friendliness, we did enjoy the large selection on tap and some very decent food. I found itsilly that they won't let you sub a side dish on a $60 prix-fix that features ordinary dishes from the regular menu but life's too short to worry about that. Also, I'm not a fan of casual restaurants where there's no salt and pepper on the table - even though I'm very unlikely to actually salt my food, I'd like to have the option should I ever wish to do so. This practice has nothing to do with the food or the guests, it's all about the chef's ego. On the bright side, I found it very comforting to have European soccer on and enjoyed some kick-ass music playing. . . All in all, be open minded, come to Ramsay's Pub & Grill, don't expect a fine dining experience but rather enjoy a decent casual dinner, have a pint and have a laugh. Also, give yourself a break and stop imagining what GR would or wouldn't do if he were there for you might find you actually enjoy the experience for what it is. (And stop looking for the salt shaker already.)
Hmmm I think my entire food experience in Vegas is SALTY. Please Vegas chefs, cut down on the salt! I did enjoy my food here but it was definitely on the salty side. They start you off pretzel bread and some butter and cheese sauce. I didn't love that cheese sauce but bread was good. We ordered the kumamoto to start. Oysters itself were not bad, but definitely could use a better sauce. I ordered the sliders as my entree and the hubs ordered the shepherd's pie. I actually loved my sliders. I thought it was pretty tasty especially with the mayo based sauce. I didn't even ask for ketchup. The shepherd's pie looks small but is a lot of food and quite tasty as well with tender meat and delicious mashed potatoes. We decided to go all out and get dessert. The sticky toffee pudding looked really good in the picture. We were not disappointed. In fact it really made our meal quite enjoyable. Service there was good as well. In fact, Vegas overall provided excellent service.
Recently I found myself in Vegas for one night and could only get a hotel off-strip. I knew I wanted to come to Caesar's to play some craps that night so wanted to kill two birds with one stone. I was actually surprised at the beer selection and service. Sure the waiters wear some downright weird outfits, but were attentive and very nice. We both got the fish and chips and an Innis & Gunn. The fish was a little on the salty side but was actually pretty good. The chips could have been a little crispier, but again were better than expected. With the prices and all of the restaurants in Vegas I likely won't return, but was pleasantly surprised.. . I added a star for the bread basket that came out before our meals. It was stocked with soft pretzel rods, cheese dip, and a few other items and was pretty freakin awesome. It was perfect with our beers and would make an awesome appetizer with a few beers at the bar!
I was there around 5 -6 month and we have the fried oyster, Caesar salad, pork chop and his famous Shepherd's Pie and everything was delicious.  If you want to hang out with your friend this is the place to be.  The food was kind of slow because they just open not to long ago, but when it come out it worth the wait.  The waiter was very friendly and keep checking on us if everything is ok.  I will check this place out again in a couple of month when in in Vegas.
The restaurant is in Caesars palace and is a combination pub, higher end restaurant.  The food was great; ambience was excellent.  the beer choice was great. I loved that they used an ipad per table to allow you to investigate the beers.
The Pub Lamb Burger at Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill is one of the best burgers I've ever had.   It comes with feta or goat cheese (I had the goat...  goat w/ lamb) and it was really simple and very good.  The lamb wasn't overly seasoned, which resulted in a straight-forward, fresh tasting burger.   I substituted a green salad for the fries, which was great, but another guy at the table had the fries and raved about them.  Great, friendly service and a nice atmosphere - noisy but you'd expect that being in a casino.
Had the truffle French fries & some drinks at bar. Very friendly bartenders
Went to Gordon Ramsay Pub for lunch on a Saturday when I had a bunch of buddies in town.  Service was fantastic.  To start, we had the deviled eggs and sliders.  I had both dishes before, and they didn't disappoint.  One guy proclaimed the sliders the best burger he had eaten.  They are perfect in composition and execution, you get every ingredient in every bite.  They are consistent as well.  Our table ordered a second helping..... . To eat, I had fish and chips and part of the short rib/beef cheek sandwich.  The sandwich was legit, had a little spice to it, and the meats were very tender.  Likewise, the fish and chips were fantastic, although the fries are a little thick for my taste.  I realize this is classic for this dish, I just prefer skinnier fries.  The fish and chips may seem expensive at around $26, but you get a LOT of food.  Very large pieces of fish, and the breading can stand up to vinegar or the homemade tartar sauce.  Both entrees are definite repeats.. . For dessert, I recommended the sticky toffee pudding.  This is the 2nd time I've had it (we ordered 2 servings, like with the sliders), and I still say it may be the best dessert I've eaten.  We had people eating the caramel sauce out of the small pitcher it comes in.  This dessert is moist, yet a little crunchy.  The ice cream and sauce complement it very well.  A must order.. . Good beer selection, and knowledgeable servers.  This is an excellent place to get a casual bite while at Caesars.
So the winner of season 11 of Hell's Kitchen will be the head chef of this restaurant. Perhaps that is why the restaurant seems to have hit or miss reviews right now. The show finished filming awhile ago so the new head chef has already been chosen, but they can't be seen at the restaurant since that would give away the ending of the show. Having an absentee head chef certainly can't be helping. Even though overall I had a good dining experience, the restaurant was not without its rough edges.. . We showed up around 9pm without reservations, but were able to get seated on the restaurant side almost immediately. They put our party of 5 at a table for 4. There were plenty of other tables, but we were told they had all been reserved. Of course they remained empty the rest of the night (we were there until closing) despite a post show rush right after we arrived. This was annoying, but pretty common for Las Vegas as almost no one charges a reservation no show fee.. . Our server was pretty awesome. He was funny and really knew the food. Pretty much everyone working there was great from the hostess to the runners. The one big exception was one particularly sour runner. When she brought our starters I told her I did not have a fork and she snapped "well, then I'll bring you one" at me. She then brought me 3 forks and four knives. I shrugged this off as maybe a poorly executed attempt at humor. Later on, one of our party asked her for more bread, a fairly common request at a restaurant and one that other reviewers made with no difficulties, but she reacted with shock and began to tell us that wasn't allowed. Before she could finish, she cut herself off and said she would let the server know. Maybe she did, but I doubt it since we just saw her go off to the back while our server was elsewhere in the restaurant helping put some smaller tables together for a big group since heaven forbid they actually seat someone at one of the reserved tables that obviously weren't coming. When they brought out our entrees, she didn't bring mine and asked me what I ordered. After I told her she went to get it and plooped it down in front of me before walking away without a word. I guess that's what I get for asking for a fork.. . The food was excellent all around, although the menu seemed too small. We later found out that the menu was once nearly twice the size, but they trimmed it down to just the most popular items. In my humble opinion, they went a bit too far with the trimming. The small plates (appetizers) menu now only has 5 choices and 3 of them are cold seafood items. There were 5 seafood items and 8 meat items (actually 7 since the beef cheeks were not available the evening we dined). There may or may not have been an entree sized salad since the menu did not differentiate them. The most expensive salad was only $4 more than the salad I had as a starter so I don't think it was entree size.. . For starters I had the Herb Caesar Salad. The server warned that it came with "a lot" of anchovies which I was OK with, but it turns out it just came with one small anchovy. It was a good, if not particularly memorable salad. Another member of our party ordered the smashed potatoes and sauteed asparagus as her starters. They are technically sides, but none of the other starters interested her so she ordered them as starters. I thought the potatoes were good, but the asparagus was just OK for me. Another member of our party ordered the Pub "Spots" which are described as sliders on the menu, but the name "Spots" is a better description. They were very good, but also very small. You could finish the whole plate in 3 bites. We also had two members of our party order soups which they said were delicious, but I didn't get a chance to try.. . For entrees, my friend and I each had a shepherd's pie. Since we were both quite hungry we were a little disappointed at how small it looked, but looks can be deceiving. The little pot they are served in is quite deep and there is a decent amount of food in there. I ended up completely satisfied and can say that this was the best shepherd's pie I have ever had. I also got to try the Scottish Salmon, rib eye steak, and the rack of lamb. All three were delicious. The rack of lamb in particular stood out because I love lamb, but am weary about ordering it in restaurants because often the portions are on the small side. The lamb here is a very hearty portion. Of course for dessert I had to try the sticky toffee. It was delicious. I can see why it is Gordon Ramsay's signature dessert. My friend ordered the chocolate trifle. We shared both desserts with the whole table and while the trifle was OK, the sticky toffee disappeared far quicker.. . So overall I had a great experience except for the one bitter food runner. I could see myself coming back, but unless they expand that menu a bit I don't think I would come that often.
Food is good. It is kinda expensive. Service was great! Did not like the French onion soup.. It was very sweet! Overall enjoyed it. :)
I did not know what to expect coming here... but I was definitely satisfied with what I had. More than satisfied!. . I wanted to try the poutine... but they were out :( Me sad.. . I ordered the fish and chips as an entree, and the table ordered the pretzels with cheese dip, deviled eggs, and sliders to share. I got to try every appetizer, and they were all delicious. Except the cheese was a little gritty. I like my cheese sauce smoother... but the flavor was pretty good.. . My fish and chips were so good! Well, mostly the fish because the chips were big, fat potato pieces that are fried... pan fried? Haha I'm not a big fan of thick fries, I like them a little thinner and crispier. But the fish was flaky, crispy, moist, and fresh af. MMMMmmm and my bf ordered the pork belly.... omg............. It was SOO delicious. It's very rich, fatty, melty in your mouthy, and maybe a little too salty but overall it was really bomb. I don't think I could finish one by myself, so I'm glad I got to try his :). . DESSERT: Sticky toffee pudding - ORDER IT! It's soooo decadent, warm, caramel-y, gooey, and sticky, and topped with ice cream = heaven.
We received a gift card from our friends to try this restaurant.  I had seen this pub at Caesars and wanted to try it because of Gordon Ramsay.  the reviews didn't look to complimentary, but I still wanted to try.  . I thought the restaurant was really good.  We ordered pretzels with dipping sauces for appetizers.  They were good.  Three kinds of favors and two dipping sauces.  . My 5-year old son loved the sliders and fries. My wife ordered the signature hamburger, but it was built more for a large man with a hunger for lots ofbeef.  Just ok for a burger.. We also ordered fish and chips and the short rib and cheek sandwich.  The fish was really good.  The short rib and cheek sandwich was awesome.  I put some of the garlic mayo on it and it was a fabulous sandwich.  Large enough to fill you up, tender enough to keep eating !. Don't believe the salty comments.  Nothing was salty, we actually asked for salt and pepper.. Staff is excellent.  Fries are not that good.  If these are English fries, they should do them American style.
Very good pub food. Had the Pub Spots, Deviled Eggs and Crisps I recommend this place.
The atmosphere is welcoming and the seating comfortable. We were seated promptly by a courteous hostess. Then the 15 minute wait, did not see the server until sfter i spoke to the hostess. Soon after the server appeared and the over the top bowing/scraping began. This was a trial after the first apology. This is the main reason 4 vs. 5 stars.. . The food was especially tasty. The deviled eggs were scrumptious; the fish and chips perfection; the bangers and mash extremely tasty, and the sticky toffee pudding very well done. . . . Will come again and look forward to the visit.
The food was amazing but not so much for the service. The server didn'tknow anything about the wine on the menu. She also forgot to bring the oysters before the entrees. When she brought them after we finished our meals, she brought 1/2 dozen instead of a dozen (which was the actual order)... However, she didn't ruin our evening since the food (we had a rack of lamb, trio of meats) was heavenly!
Ran in for a quick lunch at the bar while waiting for Absinthe tickets.  The bartender wasn't much of a talker, but service was good.  I just got the burger, which came with fries.  Cooked well but could have better seasoned.  Fries were tasty.
We were passing through Ceasars palace and saw Ramsey's place and decided to try it for lunch.  I give it 4 stars but be advised its based only on what we ate - the burger.  I can't speak for any of the other food.   The burger is really good!  Perfectly seasoned, moist and the smokieness of the smoked apple bacon was perfect.  Fries are amazing too.  Thick, fresh cut, and potatoey.  If you want a good burger, this is the place.  Service is excellent too.  My wife and I shared the burger and the waiter kindly had it split up for us.  He was honest up front and told us it was big enough to share.  Give it a try for lunch if you are there.
Overall, the food here is GREAT. My only complaint is the same as many before me.. . LUNCH -  It took so long to get our food during lunch. It was about 2pm and we all ordered salads and soups, only to have to wait about an hour to eat a morsel of food. The drink I ordered, The Pub Crawl, which was delicious, took at least 30 minutes to get. The server said that was normal cause it had 7 steps to making it. UMN, no its not normal. I think he had too many tables and not enough help - he was running around the whole time. . . DINNER - Loved the food so much we came back a couple days later for dinner. This time my drink, same one as before, took less than 10 minutes to get. We had great service, and were taken care of. The opening bread pretzel sticks with dips are a highlight of the meal, just don't eat too many cause they are filling! My shepards pie was the bomb.  I would get that again next time and highly recommend it. . . *If you get a beer and don't finish it you get a cute plastic Pub cup to go. Great little trip memento to bring home.
Oh Sir Ramsay! (Has he been knighted yet? Can I nominate him, if not?) . You are the man! How can you not be? After the years of Kitchen Nightmares and traveling the back woods of America  to "fix" the restaurants and attempt to "educate" the restaurateurs...you learned some nifty little tricks. The aesthetics are sublime. The uniforms are admirable. The food is edible. The bartenders are knowledgeable. The beer selection is commendable. . . My palate said this...The corn soup was too sweet. But the "fish and chips" were perfection. . . So Mr. Ramsay I do have to say, sir, your television travels have paid off. After all, it is Las Vegas. If you build it, they will pay...$60 Fish & Chips, bowl of soup, cocktail and a beer.. . (It's three stars in reality, but I love Gordon Ramsay, so one star just for him)
Truffle Mac & Cheese was delicious! Little Sliders were tasty - I preferred the ones with chedder verses not. Fries were also good. I'm just have the pan of mac n' cheese if I were to come again.
I'm not typically an overeater. I rarely finish my plate. But I ate to the point of discomfort at this place. The Pub "Spots" are friggin DELICIOUS. I don't know if it's the rosemary bun or garlic aioli or what but I could't stop eating. And the fries were awesome - also not my usual go-to. I actually went here twice during my visit. Once with my husband (who actually only described the regular burger as "alright" which seems weird) and once with girlfriends. I talked up the "Spots" so all the girls had them except one who ordered the Diver Scallops. I actually traded her a handful of fries for half a scallop and I think I got the better end of the deal. The hostesses are very whatever, but the bartenders are a good time and our waiter was awesome. Even the food runner had a good time with us. I also like the decor with the kegs working as a divider. I ate at the bar and at a table and liked both options. They also had a good beer menu. I really liked this place. Definitely worth trying out.
I became a fan of Ramsay's when I watched a bunch of food shows, and wanted to go to his new place when I saw it. The atmosphere was inviting, the waiters and waitresses were nice, and the food was great. We didn't wait long, even with a bit of a lunch rush, and the iPad thing for viewing and picking out drinks and dessert was interesting (a bit confusing at first, but our waitress explained it to me quickly). If I go back and have a friend, I would totally take them to this place for a lunch.. The beer-battered fish & chips was a bit sweet for me, but generally good. The chips were cooked well and the smashed peas tasted nice. I had a specialty drink (forgot which one) but it was great as well - enough alcohol to make me happy, not too much to overpower.. I may also now be a fan of trifles after the one I had. Perfect amount of chocolate to make it sinful, but not overpowering. . . ...also, I want the waiters and waitresses outfits. they're awesome.
4.5 stars. . Oh man this food was awesome. Just got the shepherds pie, but oh my. Literally the best mashed potatoes of my life. I just wanted to keep eating and eating. They had a slight glaze on them as creme brulee looks. So, so good. . . The service could have been a tad better (specifically the hostesses). There were like 3 of them and seemed as if it all their first day on the job. . . It was a tad pricey, but for vegas it actually wasn't too bad. Especially at a famous chefs restaurant, I'm going to call it a bargain.
1. They sat me right away.. 2. Service was excellent. . 3. Waiters made drinks on point.. 4. Food came out on time.. 5. Food was acctually hot. burned tounge on fries.. 6. My drink never was empty. they refilled it consistantly.. 7. price was decent.. 8. energetic staff.. 9. desert was awesome. 10. lastly, fish n chip ladies and gentlemen. Fish n Chips
The fiancee and I checked out Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill on two consecutive evenings, which allowed us to thoroughly explore its cocktail menu as well as sample some food. Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill resides in the space formerly occupied Bradley Ogden, one of the early pioneers of chef-driven restaurants in Las Vegas.  Given what came before in the space, GRP&G and its gastropub cuisine had a tough act to follow.  While GRP&G may tout itself as an English pub, from a design perspective, it looked like anything but.  No matter, since I wasn't there to dissect the interior design.  . . On the first night, I had the Pub Crawl ($15) made with Knob Creek Bourbon, Domaine de Canton ginger liqueur, fresh lemon, mint & black tea syrup.  Perfectly balanced, nicely sweet, but not overdone, it was a big winner!  On the second night, I left it in the hands of the talented bartenders to craft me something with whiskey, boozy and bitter.  I don't know what they made me, but it was a taste success.  We also had the Duck Confit Poutine ($13/12 for Total Rewards members), which may have seemed out of place at an English pub, but I found it tasty if a bit untraditional. The fries were hot and crispy reminiscent of McDonald's fries in a very good way.  They were topped with a relatively generous amount of nicely tender and moist duck.  Thoughtfully, a flavorful and thankfully not overly salty duck gravy was served on the side allowing you to sauce the dish yourself (and likely preserve the crispiness of the fries).  What seemed to be missing from the dish were the expected cheese curds.  Perhaps they don't use it in their recipe since it wasn't listed on the menu or maybe they didn't add very much and it was simply lost in the dish.  Nevertheless, cheese curds would've added a nice color, textural, and flavor contrast to the poutine.. . Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill was an unexpected good time.  However, it was the friendliness, professionalism, and skill of the bartenders in crafting our drinks on both nights that really made it memorable.  If Gene, either of the Adams, and/or Raul are behind the bar, you'll be in very good hands with regards to craft cocktails, great customer service and witty banter.  As for the food, it was good, but not on par with the drinks.  Hopefully, with the newly anointed Hell's Kitchen winner in kitchen, the food will come together more completely and coherently with the rest of the restaurant.  Regardless, GRP&G will be at the top of the list for drinks (definitely) and another go at the food the next time we're in town.
I did not remember what I ate the last time I was at the pub and was not too excited about eating their again. But it turned out to be one of the most memorable dinner at Caesars Palace during this visit to Las Vegas. I had the braised beef cheeks that melted like butter and paired with Lucky Beer. The service was great and friendly. Can't wait to go back and eat at the restaurant again.
I had a great expierence here, given that my earlier expierence at another restaraunt was horrible. So I got on Yelp! to find an other place that was somewhat close to where I was and this place showed up. so i headed over, hoping I could get something to eat even with out a reservation. I walked up and was greeted by a lovely hostess. I explained that I didn't have a reservation and told her briefly about what happened at another restaraunt. Thankfully, she said don't worry and follow me. I sat down and glanced at the menu. My server came over and asked what I'd like to drink? I ordered a beer. He returned quickly and asked if i was ready to order. I said yes and I'll have the fish and chips. OMG! the fish was so yummy and the chips were divine. the mushy peas that came with it were better than I thought they would be. I will be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
I came here for a late lunch during the week and it was delicious! I got the beef rib and cheek sandwich with a side of fries. The bartender recommended the Scottish beer to go with the sandwich called Innis & Gunn which I really enjoyed. The meat in the sandwich was super tender and they gave it a nice breaded crust so it was a good surprise when you bite into the sandwich. The bread was perfect! All in all, tasty sandwich with an equally good beer.
Prior to flying to the US, I'd promised myself that I would try Gordon Ramsay's Burger joint and this one as well. I did the Ramsay burger on the 3rd day and loved it so the Pub & Grill was the one remaining.. . We went for dinner there on the last night of our 4 nights in Vegas and I have to say, in all honesty, that I had a great experience. Alright alright, I am a fan of Chef Ramsay but you have to give credit to where credit's due. He knows how to structure his restaurants - the layout, decor, the way that everything is setup; it works! . . Ramsay Pub & Grill has a bit of a retro/funky feel. It's not too formal but then again, it's not too casual either. Whether you're hanging out w/ friends over dinner or you're out on a date, it'll suit the occasion. . . I really like the photo of Gordon and his bulldog Rumpole on the menu - pretty funny!. . I had the Shepherd's Pie and it was really good. The bread and cheesy dipping appertizers were very nice and I also had a cocktail - not bad. I really wanted dessert however I was too full - that'll be for next time!. . The waitress who looked after us was very nice. . . You'll find Ramsay Pub & Grill at the entrance to the Palace Casino inside Caesars.. Check it out...
Duck Confit Poutine was delicious and thankfully not too rich. Fish and chips were good, but the chips were the highlight with a garlic infused ketchup. The Irish Beef Cheek Stew was uber tender, but surprisingly not the best dish of the meal. It's like a fatty and tender version of pot roast without the benefit of the flavor and texture of carrots or onions (and potatoes if you like that kind of thing). The highlight of the meal just may have been the sticky toffee pudding with sweet cream ice cream. Soft, warm, moist and not overly sweet. Next time I hope to dive into the rest of their pub snacks and small plates.
Service beyond reproach, cuisine that melts in your mouth.  Thanks Chef Ramsey!
Ramsay does it again.  Walking into this restaurant in Caesar's, I was definitely impressed.  The decor was a hip modern twist on a traditional British pub.  The lighting was a little bit darker than I would've like but it definitely added to the ambiance.  The keg wall was probably one of the coolest parts.  Though a little loud, the charm of the restaurant was definitely appealing.. . We made a reservation on-line but we were a little irritated that we couldn't call to get ahold of anyone if we needed to make changes to the reservation.  It just kept gong through and automated recording.  Also, when we approached the hostess, she actually didn't seem very enthusiastic towards us nor any other guests who approached.. . It was a minor wait before we were seated.  The table was cool and I really like the chairs.  It seemed to take awhile before our server even came to greet us let alone give us water. I guess it was busy.  Once the waiter greeted us he was really nice.  Great smile and willing to answer any questions we had.  He also offered suggestions for items on the menu.  We did order some cocktails from the bar which got to us in a timely fashion and we also got a platter of bread and butter courtesy of Gordon...thanks!  The pretzel sticks were amazing.  I lathered them in butter and gobbled them up!  The drinks were good and strong yet pricey but what do you expect for Vegas.  . . Most of the entrees were pricey as well.  I ordered the lamb shanks and was definitely pleased.  They were tender and well seasoned.  Absolutely yummy!  My boyfriend ordered the Shepard's pie.  The mashed potatoes were to die for.  . . Overall, my experience was great.  Ramsay definitely does know his way around a restaurant.  Then only qualm I had was with the hostess'.  If they were a little more charismatic and interested in the customers they were about to seat, I think I would've rated it a 5/5 instead of a 4/5.  Still great though. :-)  Will definitely go again!
Went here for lunch at 2pm on a Sunday and had a great meal & experience, contrary to a lot of other reviewers it seems. There was a 15-20 min wait to get in, no big deal, & compared to the 2 hr Bacchanal wait this seemed super minor. Our server (Ricardo I think?) did a great job, was personable, offered great advice, & was knowledgeable of the menu. Zero complaints there. Ambiance was fine, comfy chairs, TVs conveniently placed for sports, with kind of a modern British pub feel/layout.. . We started off with the Devilishly Deviled Eggs, which are served with the deviled yolks in a separate bowl, and are amazing.  Super great flavor on the deviled yolks (is that bacon I taste??), great consistency, and an easy way to get some yolk with every bite. Next up were the Welsh Rarebit ham sandwich, and the Short Rib & Cheek sandwich.  Both had excellent flavor, were served hot, and were of more than adequate size.  My gf preferred her short rib/cheek sandwich, while I preferred the taste of the ham/rarebit cheese sauce, but we agreed both were very good.  We subbed out our fries for the mashed potatoes, and neither of us were disappointed.  I also got an imperial pint of Boddingtons, took maybe 7-10 minutes to be delivered (only real service delay), but was frosty cold when it arrived.  . . We had no issues with waiting for food, service in general, or anything else that several reviewers have mentioned.  I guess this place might struggle for service consistency based on crowd load, and dinner sounds like it is the worst time for issues, but for lunch time, British pub-style comfort food (read: super when hungover), this place completely hit the spot!
We stopped in here late one night to try it out, as we are big fans of Gordon. We ordered the sliders, truffle fries, and of course, the sticky toffee pudding. The sliders were very good and adorable. The fries were perfect and they give you the truffle/ garlic aioli to dip as well as homemade ketchup. Delicious. And dessert- sinful. Soooooo good. Wish I would've ordered my own (sticky toffee pudding), instead of sharing. Lol. Lots and lots of beer on tap, although we didn't have any. Fish & chips too pricey at $30-I just got the fish & chip sandwich at burgr instead. ($16 Very good, but standard). Interesting appetizers but some entrees too fancy for my taste. Pretty place, fun ambiance. I prefer burgr @Planet Hollywood. May return if I am in Cesar's.
First, the beer on tap is amazing.  They tap only half-kegs, thus assuring freshness.  They also chill the lines and clean them every day.  Seriously, the beer taste like no other place.  The food is the perfect pub food, gourmet without being pretentious.
We stopped by here last weekend around 4pm for Lunch to a medium sized crowd dining while watching football.  We didn't have reservations although they take them and were sat in 10 minutes.  We had the luxury of being seated at a low standing coffee table w/ two king chairs on one side and a huge sofa on the other.  Since our party consisted of me, my wife, my 6 month old and our 3 year old, the seating was perfect.  Our waitress came by within 2 minutes of us being sat to take our drink order.  For a gastropub, the "hard stuff" concoctions were a little limited (about 10 to choose from - zero tequila based beverages) as the majority of their libations are Beers.  Not a bad thing for a gastropub, but I like having variety open.  We ordered a very tasty Bourbon drink that immediately put a smile on my wife's face and I ordered a Rum concoction that tasted like a Watermelon Cooler.  To start we ordered the "Chilled Shrimp Salad" - poached in lemon-beer shandy, light ginger-mayo, w/ red cocktail sauce.  It came out in about 8 minutes and my 3 year old couldn't stop eating "his shrimpys".   Very good dish.. For our entrees, I ordered the Traditional Shepherd's Pie and the Beef Short-Rib & Cheek sandwhich - on hearth baked sourdough, horseradish mayo, roasted red pepper jam, red onion marmalade.  The Beef Short Rib was one of the best sandwich's i've had.  Dipping it into the horeseradish infused ketchup made all the difference too.  Couldn't get enough of this flavor bomb.  The Shepherd's Pie was also very good, but too traditional.  I would have preferred more gravy and less potatoes.  It was VERY traditional.  Not a bad thing, just hoped he would have kicked it up a notch.  Overall, the meal came out to $100 w/ the two drinks ($30) so overall, medium priced for a Casino meal and would go back.
Lunch my hubby & I both ordered the lamb burger with goat & feta.  The waiter was really nice and helped with giving us suggestions on what's good on the menu.  My hubby was hung over so the waiter suggested for his hangover cure the Irish stew, shepherd pie, or the lamb burger. BRING OR GET A HARRAH's TOTAL REWARDS CARD for a discount on the food.
Some buddies and I were wondering were to eat on our first night of debauchery in Vegas. Being a longtime Ramsay fan, I suggested GR Pub and Grill. Luckily, we had made reservations, so the seating wasn't a hassle. The decor is that of an upscale pub. It was warm and inviting, but still felt too modern to have that "Old English" feel. Either way, it was nice to be there. As we were sat by a smoking hot hostess, we were immediately delivered water and bread. The bread basket was out of this world! Especially the pretzel bread. I ordered the pork bellies and fingerling potatoes. Rarely do I say this, but the side dish was WAY better than the main course. Don't get me wrong the pork bellies were crackling good and tender, but something about those potatoes that drove me insane! Overall, a fantastic experience with a cool way to order your drinks- thanks to the sophisticated computer tablets on the table. But like I said, a good time was had by all and the food was delicious. I recommend.
Came here on Friday night...we had a reservation for 6 but we kept calling to put the time back (6 girls getting rdy is no joke!). The server was really accommodating to us.. . . -- AMBIANCE --. Really cute decorations..you can see Gordon's face on a lot of walls. Also Britain flags, very cute. Waiters and waitress dressed in black and white. The skirts were cute.. . -- FOOD --. We had the corn soup first. It was pretty good (3.5/5) We all order the BEEF CHEEKS with MASHED POTATOES...it was very delicious (4.5/5). My beef cheek didn't even need a knife. It was very tender. However, one of the beef cheek my friend had was a little hard. Maybe they need to work on the consistency of the entrees. But I was very happy with my plate. We also had an extra order of ASPARAGUS (5/5)...its sooooo good!! You must try it! YUMMM. . -- PRICING --. Its a little pricey....but what do you expect? Its vegas + Gordan's name is on it. Some things are definitely worth the price.. . -- SERVICE --. Our waitress was very friendly. She had a lot of conversations with us. She came and checked in on us on a regular. Oh and did I mention she is also very cute. They only thing I think they can improve on is getting water to the customers ASAP. We waited about 10 minutes or so before we got menus and water. . . -- OVERALL --. Definitely still a fan of Gordan's!! Will definitely come back =)
Went there last Thursday for dinner. We didn't make reservations and just happened to pass by and decided to eat there since we are both fans of Gordon Ramsey. We were seated immediately. . I ordered the Caesar salad and the salmon. Salad was nice and fresh. The salmon originally was undercooked and was sent back. The next serving was delicious, just wish it was a bit bigger.. The wife ordered the fish and chips. It was excellent. A lot of fish and the chips were good just needed a few more seconds in the grill. . Our waitress was very courteous and apologetic about my dinner dish. We would recommend the restaurant but if your hungry then don't get the salmon you will leave still hungry.
There are a lot of things to love about Vegas (how could you not love Vegas?!), but one of the biggest reasons is how there's bound to be something for everyone.  Gambling, drinking, shopping, shows, good looking girls (and guys I suppose...), eating...the list goes on!. . So on a Saturday afternoon, with the girls ditching us to spend the afternoon shopping at the Forum, the rest of us decided to have a boys afternoon out with snacks and beer.  Sure, it might not be something unique to Vegas, but it is when it's Gordon Ramsay's cooking!  Or perhaps, his most recent Hell's Kitchen winner, Ja'nel Witt? (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-pub-and-grill-las-vegas#IX8KiLMIq2gdLA1YLH9qzA). . -- DUCK CONFIT POUTINE - Hand-Cut French Fries, Duck Gravy, and Duck Confit...$13/$12**. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-pub-and-grill-las-vegas#bK8tscNQn2pNWV4mGvk5gQ). It may not have been the most authentic poutine (no cheese curds), but it was really good.  Though the fires could have been crispier, the cheese and duck formed this gooey deliciousness and the gravy added a ton of flavor.. . -- PUB "SPOTS" - Three Mini House Blend Pub Burgers, Wood-Grilled, Pub Burger Sauce, Welsh Cheddar Cheese 15/14**. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-pub-and-grill-las-vegas#PaRgkpXefjqsJPBb5StThA). Based strictly on taste, it was pretty solid.  The patty had a nice char and the blend of meat was terrific.  We forgot to add the smoked applewood bacon, but it wasn't necessary.  That said, I wouldn't get this again simply because of price - essentially $5 per half dollar sized slider and the bacon would have been $3.00 more overall.. . **NOTE: Menu prices are slightly cheaper if you have a Total Rewards player's card.. . Despite the hefty price tag on the Pub Spots (pricey even for Vegas), I'd certainly come back to try an actual entree and to get another order of the Poutine.  And who knows, maybe I'll see Gordon Ramsay there...yelling about something.
Love this place...love the vibe,warm colors,cold beer and friendly staff...we like to sit at bar to get a lot of inside scoop of what's hot and what's not on the strip...beleive me,bartenders know all...pub spots are killer as well as the fish and chips,oh and don't forget the truffle fries that absoutly one my favorite dishes ever.. Overall-Good Pull
Fan of Gordon's other establishments so tried the Pub and Grill. Expectations not as high as this is pub food. I'd really give it 3.5 Stars if I could.. .  The service needs a lot of work as it is dreadfully slow. The time it took just to take our order, receive our drinks and get our bread was pushing 35+ minutes - underscored by the fact that the Pub was at about 70% capacity.. .  The food was very good. My app and entree was very good as were my buddies'. . .  I read some comments on here, which are really short sighted. Of course it is expensive - you are in Vegas and at Caesers Palace. I paid $5.90 for a large coffee at the damn food court nearby. Everything is over priced there. Room service for 2 burgers at Caesars was about $75 so compared to room service this is a bargain.. . The staff seemed disoriented and somewhat aloof. Not sure what the culture is there, but it is different from the other GR places I've been.. . Anyway the place is pretty cool and tv's are everywhere. . . It isn't worth making an extra effort to go if you are staying far away but if you are staying at an adjacent property it is worth going to.
We came here on a very busy Sunday afternoon. There was a huge crowd in front of the restaurant and people were being told it was about a twenty minute wait. I was glad we made reservations on Opentable along the way. We were seated right away in the back of the restaurant where it was more quiet. Our waiter's name was Adam and he was very friendly and helpful. We ordered the deviled eggs, corn soup, baby greens salad, and the ham and cheese sandwich, all of which I would highly recommend. Everything was very fresh looking and tasting as well as perfectly prepared. I am really looking forward to returning here for another casual but delicious meal. My only complaint is they marked us as a no show on Opentable, but hopefully this will be resolved on their end, as we have already taken it up with Opentable.
We specifically went to get dessert at GR, because we wanted to try his signature Sticky Toffee. . . The place is large and had no trouble getting a table on Wednesday night during dinner service. . . We liked the look of the restaurant, the kegs mounted on the walls, the wood placemats and unique flatware. Even the crazy costumes the staff wear. . . The waiter was obliviously disappointed when we only wanted to order dessert. In fact, he didnt even bring it out, another person did. The server never checked back with us, except to deliver and pick up the check. . . The sticky toffee was delicious, it was better than we had at Hells Kitchen, but I still think I prefer it at a pub local to us. . . Prices are kinda high, but with a Caesars Rewards card there is a discount.
Had the fish & chips. Yes. A winner !  Hard to find places that don't over cook them... Also had the muscles and clams. Also, good. The bread with the sauce to soak up, yumm.  All the hype and pom poms aside. This is a great place. I would go back for the overpriced fish and chips. I poured on the malt vinegar. mmmm so good. Will go back for the dessert next time.   Ignore the negative nellys, the palce is fun & festive ...
I like this place. Surprised it only has 3 stars.. All the food comes out well-executed and tasty, and the drink selection is good.. The only reason I can think of why it doesn't have a better Yelp rating is because it is slightly pricey for what it is?. . A group of 6 of us came in for 1 hour and spent about $170 on three apps and two rounds of drinks.. . Delicious Mac & Cheese, French fries and Slider-thingys.. Would come back on an expense account, or with out-of-town friends on a Strip pub crawl!
The food was delicious!  The mac and cheese was my favorite.  However, we were at our table for almost 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. The server that ended up getting our order and drinks wasn't even our server - our server wandered up about 10 minutes later and made a comment about how the helpful server wasn't suppose to be with our table. I did enjoy the # of TVs around - I was able to catch up on multiple games during the meal.
Good stuff!. We came here Friday night during my sister's bachelorette weekend.  Our server was extremely fun and attentive and we were able to get in and out fairly quickly to get to a show. We all ordered the steak and fries and enjoyed it. The drinks were expensive though, we each got one and decided to wait until after dinner to get more drinks elsewhere. Inside was buzzing with big groups, so looks like a good spot to bring a big party. It was loud and had good energy. Overall would recommend, make reservations, it was busy.
Review delayed by several months so rather than misremember I'll be minimalistic.  . . We loved the welsh rarebit that came before the meal.  Our waiter (Mike or Michael, IIRC) was excellent.  The food overall was a solid 4.  The drinks were great as well but incredibly expensive; the bottled beer the waiter recommended to my husband was $25!  He said it was good but not THAT good.  I had asked for a cocktail that was sweet but didn't tastetoo strong; and that's what he got for me (it was $17).  It hit me pretty hard even though it didn't taste strong.. . I can't actually remember what my entree was (edited to add:  I think it was scallops?), though I remember dessert was some sort of parfait, and I remember that my husband and I both agreed on the 4 star rating overall.
Lamb Burger with goat cheese! yes yes yes! The fries were good too. Great beer selection... that's all I remember! Convenient location if you're staying at the Caesar's palace. It's Vegas baby!!!
This place was just okay.  I had the shepard's pie and it was good but not memorable.  We were surprised that they did not offer us any bread so when we asked the server for some, she told us that there would be an $8 charge for it.  Really?.....atmosphere was wonderful and my drink was great ( blue sky?). Save room for dessert!   We had the sticky toffee and the peach cobbler and it was fantastic!
Very good fish n chips. Server was pretty nice. She joked around about Janel getting busted. But I was very turned off by the attaire that the staff was in. Girls were in a short skirt boobs basically hanging out. I understand its a pub n all but coming from Ramsay I expected a little more
Just celebrated my birthday with family and friends at Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill. My sister wanted to go there and try the Scottish Eggs and it was not on the menu. The waiter was able to get it for her even though the item was being removed from the menu. I tried it, and it was delicious. I ordered the fish and chips and the fish was outstanding. I'm not a big french fry lover and I ended up giving them to my brother-in-law who had the Shepherd's Pie. He said it was very tasty. At the end of the meal, the waiter brought over a Stick Toffee Pudding to celebrate my birthday. YUM! The fresh caramel sauce just clinched it and I can't wait to go back again.
Loved this place! Would have been 5 stars, but unfortunately, the service was a little lacking. Sporadic would be the best word for it. Started with truffle fries and a scotch egg. Both delicious. Grilled lamb for both of us - very buttery and tender, and the couscous with vegetables was a win. I wanted more and more and more. For dessert, hubby had the bread pudding and I had the sticky toffee - BEST sticky toffee I've ever had, and hubs enjoyed the bread pudding. Cocktails are pricey, ($15), but I really enjoyed them. Will definitely be back.
the service and food were great. it was disappointing to find out that the hells kitchen winner was NOT working there, apparently she had actually declined the job offer.. . either way, i'm a huge gordon ramsay fan and i enjoyed the food!
I am a Gordon Ramsay fan so I wanted to try this restaurant solely due to that fact. The place was decorated nicely resembling a modern british pub even mismatched chairs and dark woods. Every waiter however wears the same weird outfit, which in my opinion should be rethought, but I don't like men in skinny jeans. Being seated took some time because the place was busy but I could see many unoccupied tables. Not enough help? Once seated the waitress was friendly and answered any questions we had. My husband ordered fish and chips. He wasn't impressed. He said the batter was bland. I had the sliders and although greasy they were very tasty. The absolute highlight of the meal was the truffle mac and cheese served family style! That was amazing! I would go back just to eat that! I would eat here again.
Went with the expected, fish and chips.  Fish was great, not greasy, cooked perfectly. Light crispy outside flaky inside. Fries were very tasty. Will definitely come back, wish I had ordered the bread pudding....next time. Was Crowded, noisy,fun atmosphere. Service was quick. Food hot. We did not have reservations.
Awesome bartenders, awesome beer selection. The food is very good but a bit pricey. Try the shrimp salad or the sliders.
As a Vegas local, this is my go-to place to bring my out of town guests. . . For a celebrity chef restaurant, the prices are VERY fair. $20-30 an entree. Good luck finding that any where else on the strip (to all you people that are complaining about it being overpriced). . . The atmosphere is very very cool! Old British pub style with a hint of the Royal Family and a dab of punk rock. Love that the restaurant has an open facade; Ceasars is such a beautiful casino, it's nice that they embraced that. Cool decor with old barrels, chairs decorated with corgis, painting of bulldogs, etc. brings a nice little bit of England to the strip.. . I love the food here. I've ordered many things off the menu, and all were fantastic. My favorite is the Scottish Salmon; it is made to perfection. Their bread service is really interesting as well: comes with an array of different types of bread and sticks and delicious dipping sauces - new twist on an old tradition. . . The only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because of the rude hostesses at the front. Attn ladies: I understand you work at one of the busiest casinos on the strip, but don't act like you are doing me a favor by taking my reservation. We had to wait at the main entrance for 5 mins before one of them even asked if I had been helped. They were all too busy chatting to each other to attend to the long line of customers.. . Also, the table service here can be a little slow as well. We weren't too bothered by that because the food was so awesome. . . Book a reservation online before you get here, it does get quite packed.
The very first impression I made of this place was the barmaid seemed annoyed with me because I ordered a Miller Lite instead of a micro brew, craft beer, or a foreign beer. What she didn't realize was I had already been drinking those types of beers for many hours that day, but it was late and I was winding down with a Miller Lite. I ordered the Shepard's Pie and Mac & Cheese. Both were delicious. No doubt the best Shepard's Pie and Mac & Cheese I've ever had. . A few days later a I took a couple friends back, and we sat in the dining room. The place wasn't that crowded, but the whole night our waitress kept disappearing, and leaving us hanging. She even apologized on one occasion for being gone for so long. It was actually kind of weird. One of the people I was with asked her what she recommended to eat, and she said everybody loves the fish & chips. When she walked away I told both of my friends how good the shepard's pie and mac & cheese were. My one buddy and myself ordered the fish & chips, and my buddy's wife ordered the shepard's pie.My buddy's wife loved the shepard's pie, but $28.00 for the fish & chips my buddy and myself weren't impressed. When you cut into a piece of fish you expect to see nice flaky fish. This fish wasn't flaky, and it was too greasy. My buddy also ordered the Butternut Squash Soup which he said was delicious.
Just went here for lunch.  overall probably should get 3 stars, but the drinks and sticky toffee pudding helped it get over the hump.  Main entree was just ok, or C- for the price...  Would i go back?  If I'm ever at Caesar's around lunch again, ill stop in and try something different.
Let me first start off by saying I've been a fan of Gordon Ramsay for years, watching Kitchen Nightmares and Hell's Kitchen. The man knows what he is doing - He's failed and made a comeback so he knows the industry all too well.. . I visited Vegas 2/22, saw a sign on a taxi cab for the resturant and immediately made plans to go there for lunch. For a Friday afternoon, there was no wait, we were seated immediately so I was pleased. I couldn't help but compliment the staff's attire. The women's outfits were adorable! Newsprint style dresses accented with miniboots and chains/studs fit the resturants theme so well. I would definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
First Ramsay restaurant and it was great! I had a great table by the edge of the casino allowing for great people watching. I ordered the Shepard pie. This was the first time I ever had a Shepard pie! I fell in love! I was also served a some unique bread sticks with a variety of butters as a light app before the meal. Quick service was great allowing me to get in and out. Will be back for sure!
Really good, strong cocktails. We had a great, attentive waitress. . appetizer: The beet salad was good, nothing out of the ordinary for a beet salad, but pretty fresh. . main: PASS on the fish and chips! cod tastes like it's a million years old, and the mushy peas side is so strange, it reminded me of hospital food for those that have trouble swallowing. no idea why it was $28--- decimal sign was probably misplaced, worth 2.80. Side: roasted baby carrots with brussel sprouts was suprisingly tasty for vegetables. well done. . Dessert: sticky toffee pudding with sweet cream ice cream... should've had this for my mine course. yummm
The atmosphere was great and ambiance was nice. The service was superb as well. The food was so tasty. I had the bread pudding dessert it was to die for. Steak I had was cooked perfectly and our appetizer, pate, was so delicious.
A good place for English food. We had lunch there. Quality food and great wait staff.
This review is only base on the service at the bar.. . Since we didn't have any reservation, we just walked in and found two available seating at the bar; we were immediately greeted by the bar tenders and they were all very friendly and cool.. . We had two glass of beers and an appetizer (we already had lunch before we came here); since I was already full so the husband finished the Deviled Eggs by himself, he said it was quite interesting, in a good way. . . I also enjoyed their decorations, Ramsay's photos were everywhere and my husband took a photo next to the big one outside their kitchen; the next time we come though, we'll need try more of their food.
I attempted to go here twice for dinner but both times was turned down from my friends opinions of it already. I guess they had a couple bad experiences there before but I really wanted to go because I was wanting a good beer n some simple unpretentious food.  I'm glad I went. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I started with the mushroom salad on a bed of frisee. I really love mushrooms, so when I say four or five different kinds, I gasped, and dived in. I didn't come up for air until It was finished. Oh what fun that was. And the pretzels were a nice touch, I liked the mustard far better than the cheese, surprisingly. I ordered the chorizo mussels for dinner because I'm a big mussel fan and the waiter recommended it.  Very good even tho I hardly ate the chorizo bc that was the only part I wasn't interested in somehow. The broth was salty but savory and it was gigantic.  My friend got the pork belly which had wonderful flavor and the fat was super crispy, I liked it more than him I think. The other guest ordered the shepards pie and said it was great.
We loved it! We are Vegas locals and went on a Friday afternoon because we wanted to see if we liked this as much as BurGR. I ordered the onion soup and the shepherds pie and my boyfriend ordered the burger and fries. Both of us kept eating way after we were full just because it was so good. The service was fast, really friendly, and helpful with recommendations. The decor is hip and comfortable, and there was no wait at all on the last weekend before Christmas, which was a plus.. . The only cons in my opinion were 1) the price of beer, which is typical of restaurants in the casinos on the strip and 2) being seated right beside other patrons lacked privacy and was not seemingly necessary.. . I think this restaurant is a great example of what sets an expert like Gordon Ramsay apart from the rest. Everything was clean, organized, friendly, simple to understand, food was made very well, and the experience left us wanting to come back with friends.
I'm surprised this restaurant doesn't have more stars. The ambiance of the restaurant is great--ranges from comfy sofas/couches to booths and fancier tables. Dim lighting and cozy wooden kinda feel...with sports games to watch. Our waitress, Daisy, is absolutely amazing and I think our experience would not have been as awesome if not for her. She had a great sense of humor, top notch service, and was completely professional yet personal at the same time. . . We ordered:. . Lamb shank: This actually brought my friend back to the days when his mother was still around and cooked him this as a young boy. The meat literally fell off the bone, and no knife was needed. An amazing dish, especially one that could trigger such nostalgic memories.. . Fish and chips: I loved their thick steak fries--well seasoned and pairs GREAT with their house-made ketchup--trust me, this ain't no Heinz. The ketchup is AWESOME. Apparently they make all of their sauces and you really can taste the difference--the tartar sauce for the fish and chips was also very well done. The fish itself was tasty and yummy, though not our favorite (which is actually a gluten free dish located in Florida), but it still was a winning dish in our tummies.. . Baby carrot side: This came with brussel sprouts and bacon lardon--I swear, bacon makes EVERYTHING taste good. This dish was simple and nice as far as veggies go, though I would have liked it cooked a minute or two more to get an even softer bite for the carrots. Still, not a bad side...though I might opt to try another side next time.. . Forest mushroom with frisee: It's literally shrooms and frisee. Granted, the frisee is very lightly dressed--just the way I like it and very fresh. The shrooms are delicious and well cooked...but that's really all you should expect. Nothing else fancy thrown in there.. . Overall, I really want to come back, say hi to our wonderful waitress, and to try their other goodies. Everything looks amazing...I've been to all of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants in Vegas, and  none of them have let me down yet!
I'm happy to give GRPG a solid four stars. Our meals were piping hot, and the portions were quite large. Also, beer lovers will find their line up of beers to be quite good. I went for something a bit different, and got myself a pint of pear cider. It went very well with their braised pork which I think was cooked to perfection.
I came to Caesar's Palace Starving and I was headed for Bacchanal.  But, as I was deterred by long lines, I'm glad I made the detour for this restaurant.  I had better food, I had great service, and I spent less than I would have at the buffet for that weekend!. . My girlfriend loved the braised pork belly dish and I was glad to have their Fish n Chips with a side of beer. The fish and chips was well prepared and it was a very generous portion.  It was served with a rosemary tartar sauce and garlic mayo.  I really enjoyed it.. . My top recommendation is that you absolutely cannot miss Ramsay's sticky toffee pudding.  It was so good that I'm going to plan to stop at this restaurant the next time I'm in town.  I was happy to find out that this dessert is a staple at most of his restaurants.  If you have the opportunity...get that dessert!  It's a warm toffeepudding - the consistency of bread pudding - and it's served with a hot caramel sauce and cream fraiche ice cream.  It isn't overly sweet and it's a very well balance mixed of flavors.. . Next time I come back, I really want to try their braised beef cheek sandwich and shepherd's pie.  Overall...my girlfriend and I were really glad that we made the detour for this pub!
