Viva Las Excess!  That was my first thought after watching the show.  More than a 1/4 mile of lights, crossing the width of the street, 90 feet up is really quite something.  Wow, Las Vegas brings in a ****ton of money!. . It should seem cheesy, but it's actually very enjoyable.. . Once an hour, these lights go off via millions of lightbulbs (now LED bulbs) go off overhead with an accompanying soundtrack.  It changes on a regular basis and involves firework type transitions for about 10 minutes.. . It's really quite dazzling and was part of an attempt (that I feel failed) revitalize the downtown of Vegas.  You still have some fun casinos in the area (The Golden Nugget and Binion's) that have good late night poker (a tourney for the Nugget, 1-2 no limit at Binion's), but I just don't see spending a lot of time here except if the rooms were somehow way cheaper than on the strip, if you like the history, or if you just want something a little quieter and out of the way than the usual hubub of The Strip.. . I think if in Vegas, this little show is good enough (and strange enough) that it's worth checking out at least once.  After that, if you like it go again, but it's just so strange, even in the context of Vegas, that I feel it's almost a wasted trip if you miss it.. . It does live up to the title of "Experience."
this place was cool, my Girl friend and I were tourist and honestly I loved the light show, isn't the best part of vegas neighbor hood wise, but then again you always see a crackhead here or there. Definitely a must see...
Great!  If you go to vegas make it a must to go to fremont street at night for the light show!  It's truly amazing and worth it!
I have been to Fremont Str twice so far. Once at the Halloween night and once after Christmas. I must say it was really crowded on Halloween, but hey that was what I had expected. I LOVE that big overhead screen. The second time I was there they had a really nice show with the song "American Pie - Madonna" running on there. I personally didn't like the live bands so much that night, just not my taste of music. . . If you are looking for a fun night indoors in some old casinos or outdoors with some visual entertainment over your head, this is the right place to go. The area is not the best part of the town and I wouldn't recommend anybody to go there during the day and also not to walk the side streets alone.
FIRST TIME IN VEGAS!!! . . I had just turned 21 when my boyfriend and I went to Havasu on a greyhound for Thanksgiving :) Having a 4 hour layover in Vegas was nothing to complain about being that the Fremont St. Experience is just around the corner from the station!. . NO dealing with parking, we just strolled over there tired and grimy from the worst of the public transportation systems...this calls for a drink!!. . In the morning you really got to see the addiction, the run down, the hopeless, and the homeless...which oddly enough made it a little more fun to be virtually the only sane and semi-sober one in most of the casino's at 9am....WOOOO VEGAS!!! I loved the overhead screen, the crazy dancing that shows the party really doesn't stop here...not the most exciting part of Vegas I'm sure but hey it was a fun little teaser and I can't wait to go back!!
I love coming down here to "people watch" and walk around with a cocktail. Especially now that weather is so nice, I'll be visiting more often.. This night we came out to see the Vegas StrEATS festival, and it was a lot of fun. Free entry, cool food trucks, artists, music, etc.
Seaoned traveller or first timers will throughly enjoy the Fremont Street Experience!  There is definitely something for everyone, from the gambler, to the thrill seeker (they have zip lining!!), to the shopper (bargain souviers compared to the strip) and artists alike!. . The feel of downtown really reminds me of New Orleans...the street fair vibe.  Tattoo shops sprinkled with bars...artists on the street trying to make a few bucks.  You should definitely check out the guys spray painting the Las Vegas skyline on paper.  It's as classic as getting your name written in Chinese in Times Square!. . I've been to Vegas a half dozen times and this was my first time down on Fremont...my friends that are locals love to hang out here on a Saturday night.  If you're in the area, be sure to stop by.
Went during the week and probably had the most fun of any night in Vegas. If you're tired of paying cover charges to get into clubs that suck and taking cabs to places that are packed beyond capacity, go here after 8pm. From 8-12 there is a 4 block long street fair. Live performances, casinos, bars, vendors and activities line the street. If you drive there, park at the casinos and have them validate at the cage.
This section of Vegas is a different kind of fun from the newer strip to the south but it is a place you must check out.  We went on a Friday night and there were plenty of very talented street artists, equally impressive go-go dancers, an extremely busy set of zip lines above your head down the extent of the street, and plenty of Vegas-style street personalities.  . . You will miss our alot if you don't check this section of Vegas out.  It's comfortable, entertaining, and a kick-in-the-pants.. . Read all about it:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fremont_Street_Experience
Better odds than the Strip, cheaper tables than the Strip, and copious amounts of ugly people to make you feel better about yourself.  . . What's not to love?. . Apart from the fact that I NEVER seem to win down here, we still go by for a visit every trip.  . . Parking sucks in the fact that most places charge money (can get a 3-hour validation, but after that you're charged.)
A cool place to check out AT NIGHT for some cheesy fun! The light show is the main attraction : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=o6mHisZZA0tj7RjX7W1ccw.. Came here to check out the ZIPLINING (Freemont Flightlines) and the light show. Tons of people- GREAT people watching. Saw some familiar faces : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=baqnWN8WDv_vdGcYDljwNg. . My favorite group was this one: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=cvn4V62FYXTCGj7WLVx4tg. I also saw a Justin Bieber look alike here, with his mom heading out near his bedtime. You can check out a live 80's cover band, street performers, cheap eats- my favorite thing here was the time when the neon light show overhead plays "We Will Rock You" from Queen. Forgot to get my deep fried twinkie to complete my experience.... . They charge for parking (what?) in the structure, so park at the nearby hotels like the CAL instead.
Say you go to Vegas and lose all your money but you still have a night to kill, why not make your way downtown and check out their fantastic show at the Fremont Street Experience, because it is well...Free? Just a thought.... . Located in downtown Las Vegas, the Fremont Street Experience is surrounded by a number of the downtown hotels including the Horseshoe, Mermaids, Golden Nugget, the Fremont, Fitzgerals, and other spots. Covering the street is a large canopy equipped with over 12 million lights and an amazing sound system. Starting at 8:00 pm and at the top of every hour, a different show pulsated across the large canopy and produces a great show that is sure to please.
Again a must see when in Vegas.Great impersonators walking around give them a buck and take your photo with them.2 or 3 stages with live bands all very good,great light show on the covering that covers the street.One thing that surprised me was I could not get a deep fried twinke after midnight .You can get brooze ,dope,a hooker  but not a deep fried twinke only in Las Vegas!
had more fun here than I thought I would. great performances, saw a motown performance on one side, guns and roses on another, a michael jackson performance by some emo lookin guy, and then the light show with kiss theme. too bad there's not any seats to sit down and chill unless you go inside a casino.. . dont let the reviews saying this place is "ghetto" turn you away, sure there were bums, but who cares. didnt see anything "ghetto" about it.
Easily my favorite part of Vegas. It's the old Vegas with all the neon lights, older casinos and street shows. I had more fun here than I did on the strip. There was a hot girl dancing on a stage at one end of the street and a zipline on the other end. In between there was an Elvis, Brett Michaels, Trumpet players, live statues and almost anything else you can think of. And of course the light and music experience, they were doing Queen when I was there and it was one of the coolest things I have ever seen. Also...all free. How can you beat that??. . I loved the neon lights and it was what I was expecting from Vegas, it was old timey and just spectular, I could have walked around and looked at just the lights all night. A lot of difference casinos to choose from, and the great thing about them is that it only takes a few seconds to walk to the casino next door, unlike the strip where it could take like 5 minutes to walk next door. Loved this place and will definetly be back if I visit Vegas again.
This is really much more of an "experience" than I thought it would be.  Where else can you see millions of lights, multiple live concerts, and Rod Stewart, Austin Powers, and Jesus having a discussion?. . Make sure you check the schedule on the website for times, otherwise you might be waiting a couple of hours.
Fun to go and buy singles and drink on the street. Great live entertainment in the summer (in addition to the canopy show) like bands and street performers. Had my pic taken with SpongeBob (who was sure to tell me they work only off tips). Great experience once or twice but they re-run the same canopy shows so don't expect it to be very different even a year later.
Fremont Street has something for everyone! If you're looking for a fine dining experience or a fried twinkie, Fremont Street has it. This is a must see on my list of places to go for friends and family visiting from out of town. The laserlight show is free afterall, and consistently entertaining. There are always impersonators of every sort wandering around; I've seen Elvis, Gene Simmons, Bret Michaels, and more. Be sure to tip them if you have a picture taken with them, apparantly this is a way for them to make money. My favorite time to go down to Fremont is when they have events with free concerts open to the public. I've seen Elvis contests, ACM Awards show performers, local bands and more.
SO. MUCH. FUN.  You can zip line down the street, they have a laser show, live bands and impersanators all around.  It is great for people watching too.  You will see all kinds...all just having fun.  There are lots of casinos to wander in and shope to grab a quick souvineir.  I highly suggest you go here if in Vegas...we had a blast!
You must check it out if you head to Vegas. During the day it's just a roof with holes to let the sun in, but when the sun goes down, it is transformed into a giant tv screen spanning 2 blocks. The site says 6pm, but they didn't turn the lights and music until about 7:30pm. The last show is midnight. . . The music stays the same, but the graphics and presentation change. Last year's theme was more 70's while this year's was themed more like the 80s.. . The activities to do around here are very touristy, but you can see a lot of the older casinos. After all, this is the original Vegas Strip. Along with the casinos, they have the Fremont ziplines and the Neon Sign museum.  They also have a stage where some bands were putting on FREE concerts.
Super shady side of Las Vegas, If you are going to be coming here at night make sure you either take a guy with you, or a huge group. And dont keep anything in your back pockets either! With that being said, i have always wanted to come here and check it out! Maybe i was drawn to the light show or maybe because this is old Las Vegas from back in the day before the pricey glitz and glamour that took over just a ways away!!. Walking around Fremont street kind of feels like Hollywood late at night. You got all your celebrity characters (Batman, Spiderman, Rod Stewart, Prince, Bret Michaels, a dude wearing a sparkly bikini and many more which totally freak me out). Then you had not one but three stages of various 80's cover bands playing yesterday's favorite jams, which was totally cool to stand back and watch along with all the fine people of Fremont street that came by for a drink and to drunk dance!! Then you got your crazy street acts (reminds me of Santa Monica during the warm summer nights).. The light show was pretty cool along with watching people ziplining. Eepies its pretty high up there too!!. Plenty of places to get your eating,drinking,shopping,or strip club on!! Glad that i got to experience this, i dont think i'll be coming back for a second visit!!
Fremont Street is original Vegas. It is a must-see for tourists and a hangout spot for many Vegas locals, myself included. Since being back in Vegas for going on three years now I have honed in on Fremont Street or just what I refer to as "Downtown" as my go-to Friday or Saturday night outing.. . The obvious is the light show, live bands, neon lights, and the casinos. But there is also the people dressed up as characters, pandering hobos, hipsters galore, random tourists, and so much more. A night spent here will bring you many laughs while walking the length of the enclosed portion.. . I like Hennessey's Tavern which is located here and the Las Vegas Country Saloon. The drinks are extremely inexpensive compared to the strip.. . And if you are going go to Fremont Street Experience you might as well check out "Fremont East", which is just East (erm, yah it's East... haha) of the FSE. It includes wonderful bars such as Downtown Cocktail Lounge, The Gryffon, Beauty Bar, Insert Coins, Vanguard, and many more. . . I would rather take friends from out of town here than anywhere else in Las Vegas. I'm going to admit, it is not everyone's cup of tea. I am sure there are people who wouldn't even think about stepping foot in thisplace (in fact I know people like that!), but for most people this is going to be a fun time, so check it out.
Your first time in Vegas? . Well before you leave this crazy jungle, take a ride to Downtown Las Vegas and experience the strange, fun and freaky part of town.. . Gambling, music, shows, booze, strippers, entertainment, live bands, sightseeing... whatever reason brings you downtown, the one thing you won't be able to ignored is the light show above the enormous canopy LED screen, the largest in the world. It extends 5 football fields and is visited by 25,000 people daily it's a huge attraction. This synchronized light show will stunned your visual senses.. . Alright now the scene is somewhat strange but very interesting. I've seen a lot colorful characters here every time and they are always on cue. The couple with missing teeth, the bimbo, the freak, the druggie, the clueless, the unfashionable, the 21 year old virgin from Virginia, the family of 7 kids, the celebrity, the hot babe, and the tourist recording everything! . I assure you that I have appeared in a hundred home videos by now.. . Yes, all of them are found under this ceiling. I truly believe if you get rid of these eccentric personalities, downtown would lose some of its character. Keep it the way it is haha! Oh make sure to come out at night to catch the best of it thou. A must see for all of you when in Vegas.
no matter how many times you see it on TV or movies, It has to be experienced in person! now they have ziplines that run the full length of the canopy, which is pretty wild to see
S. Had sooo much fun here, I like it better than the strip. Light show and bands playing all night.
Fremont experience is a definate stop n see  a great place to be entertained by your bevy of street performers , zip liner, public boozing and out door bands rocking to familiar sing along songs. Go there for the lights and famous neon signs and light show, great place to cruise around in the rental scooter. Costs nothing for a  fun experience off the strip, and get lost in the lights.
So I made the silly mistake of coming here a few times when it was still light out. Go when its dark! So awesome to see and experience. It's like a freak show of weird people in costumes trying to make a buck. The lights are awesome.. the music is whatever.. Didn't drink but I'm sure they were good.. . Def get the deep fried oreos from that Mermaid casino. So good! I once got ice cream from another casino and put it on top.. YUM! I wouldn't get anything else from that food joint though (hot dogs, fries). They are cheap but my stomach didn't feel too good after!
Cheesy and touristy, but a must visit at least once for first time Vegas visitors!
I go here for steats with the food trucks. Its amazing. Second Friday of every month.
been to vegas many many times....never been to this end of the city.. I have to say first of all, I didnt really know what to expect when others were telling me what it was like....second...in my mind it looked nothing like i thought it would....IT WAS BETTER!!!!. I loved the atmosphere. the breed of people. the amount of alcohol you get in your drinks. the music. the casinos.... everything.. huge fan.
I must admit I wasn't stoked to go here at first becasue my previous visits to Las Vegas consisted of staying on the famous strip, and the idea of going to a place that wasn't as popular (at least in my mind, prior to my actual visit) didn't appeal to me.  When my friends and I arrived I immediately loved it.  The handful of casinos within the Fremont Street Experience were quite oldschool and felt divey as well, which I love.  I came up on some cash at a roulette table inside the Fremont Hotel/Casino, had some tall cans outside on Fremont Street, danced the Monster Mash with my friends, saw the weird Halloween themed live show/band perform a few times, and apparently missed the entire street singing along to some Queen tunes for a tribute show that happened while I was inside gambling.. . The light/screen show above the street/overhead is fantastic, and the whole place just had a party-like atmosphere.. . Some of the street performers were a drag, being awful look-alikes, or just plain ridiculous (Las Vegas Barbies or whatever they called themselves - two cute chicks in stupid outfits that dance around in front of a bucket... I'm supposed to respect you more than an actual stripper because you dance in front of a bucket, fully clothed, in public?  Forget about it!).. . Take about 10 of your pals, eat, drink, and be merry at the Fremont Street Experience!
Tired of the glitz and glamor of the strip? Come try out the Street Experience. . . Every hour, they have a roof show (projections beamed against the outdoor roof), giving tribute to one rock band at a time. So go grab some deep fried twinkies and oreos, or a crispy kreme donut and chill out to some Queens, Kiss, and Beatles.
It's always a good time here, there's always something or someone interesting to see whether it's a Gun's N Rose's tribute band or a women screaming at a trash can for no apparent reason. There are bartenders lined up outside ready to serve and deep fried twinkies available for the taking.
If you want something different from the Strip, come see the Fremont. The roof lights, zip-line, live music and characters you'll run into will keep you entertained for sure. It is very dive-y and you'll meet some crazies. I got pulled into a street show, which wasn't that great, but made for an interesting experience. Not for kids, like most of Vegas...but definitely a fun time!
First time experience... what an experience! . . I've been to Vegas plenty of times but this was my first time to visit Fremont Street Experience... very different from the Las Vegas strip that I know... it was old skool Vegas, maybe like downtown Reno when Reno used to be the place to go long time ago.  The thing that interested me the most were the live bands... at least five (5) going on at the same time throughout the street and catering to different genres... I go to Thunder Valley Casino (Lincoln CA) for free live bands but now I know where to go when in Vegas! They even had a Spazmatics, Las Vegas version. Awesome! Will have to come back to experience the rest of the cool stuff like hotel, food, shops... agghh! not enough time!
Sensory overload is the only way to describe this area.. . In the evenings, there are many concerts going on, and people dressed up in costumes.. . Bring your camera.
No trip to Vegas should be considered complete without seeing Downtown Vegas and the Fremont Street Experience.  Is it cheesy?  Is it garish?  Is it 180 degrees apart from the Strip?  Yes, yes, and, most definitely, yes!  Fremont Street Experience is like a Disney-fied vision of Old Vegas run by carnies.  Filled with live music, street performers, street hustlers, sideshow-esque "freaks", and the inexplicable, Fremont Street Experience is a carnival midway for adults.  It's a hoot and a great change of pace from the Strip.  FSE is a bit seedy in some respects, but it's an eyeful that's worth your time and effort to take in while in town.  Two recommendations:  Come at night to see the regularly recurring, free light and sound show.  And, if you're coming from the Strip by cab during mid-week, have the cabbie take Las Vegas Blvd instead of I-15 to Fremont Street East and walk a block to Fremont Street Experience.  You'll save about $10 each way on cab fare.
I feel sorry for people who go to Vegas and never find themselves downtown. Yeah, it's seedy, trashy, uncomfortable and low-class... but it's also pretty damn fabulous.  If you're serious about gambling and don't own a professional sports team, it's also the best place to lose your money. Drop your pretenses, grab a plastic football of your favorite alcoholic beverage and enjoy the most honest experience Las Vegas has to offer. If you don't have fun here, you're doing it wrong.
Should be a 3 1/2 star but adding the extra 1/2 star for the Christmas Decorations. . Loved the light show especially the Area 51 (Aliens)
Sky show is great. Live music is always entertaining. And you can't beat the drink specials here.
this is a pretty good place to take friends/family from out of town and have a good Las Vegas experience,   this place reminds me of Venice Beach in CA with the street performers, art, strange people, ect.  The actual fremont light show was interesting, but is predictable,  7pm aliens, 8pm don mclean, 9pm the doors, 11pm Kiss, ect,  maybe change them up a bit, oh well, I dont run that show haha
Tall boys and flashing lights!? Count me in. Fremont Street Experience is...wholesome? Not quite. Classy? Ehh also a bit of a stretch. All around good time crowd pleaser? Yes! Take a walk around under the bright lights of the canope and get ready for some prime people watching. I often wish I had extra eyeballs to catch all the crazyness. . . First off talk about bargains. You'd be hard pressed to find a beer over $8 down here. Many a time I've gotten my total tab and asked if they got all of our drinks. You can drink those bargain beverages walking around the Experience, sitting at a slot machine or at one of the bars that overlook the experience. My personal fave is Gold Diggers, great view. There are also street performers galore, with the number of acts increasing every day. Not necessarily in quality however...beware of some pretty tricky scammers. Don't go posing with Superman thinking he's just there for your amusement. He wants a tip. . . The light show is impressive, worth sticking around to catch. If you need a closer inspection of the light bulbs, throw yourself off the flightlinez ledge to cruise by via zipline. The Experience also changes througout the year depending on nearby holidays. The Christmas tree is gargantuan and they spare no expense atround Halloween either. There are stages in the center to catch some live music on the weekends. Go support the ol' timers of the strip!
People tend to act classier on the new Strip. Free Parking with validation. I usually park at the California Casino then walk. Park at the Fremont Street garage. Validation available at 11 different participating hotels. Have a lot of fun memories of Fremont. Stay in well lit areas. Don't wander to far from people. Kinda gets scary at night. Have fun. Living in Las Vegas for 13 years. Trust me!
We were in vegas to celebrate a good friends 50th birthday. I really liked going to Fremont, definitely the low rent little stepchild to the Mega-theme park strip.  My wife had never gambled before so Fremont was a perfect place to start. The tables are cheap and most of the people working seem pretty friendly. If your not looking to be a high roller and just want to have some fun and drinks you cant go wrong.  We had fun playing roullette and also the vidoe poker slots, which seemed much looser than the ones we played on the strip. . Obviously the strip is much more impressive than Fremont with its gigantor theme park casino hotels, but I have always liked that more edgy element that a place like Fremont seems to bring. . The light show is pretty cool as most of the reviews mention...
It's a great show and should be seen by everyone at least once... but more than once is not necessary even though they change the show regularly.  The environment is very touristy and BRIGHT.
Zipline!!. . I think I've already written a review for the Fremont Street Experience..... . Anyway, this time around I was with some family from out of town.  They had partied a little too hard over the weekend and wanted to have some fun without spending hours primping and prettying themselves or spending a massive wad of cash on a crowded nightclub....again.  So we went downtown for ziplining, a bit of gambling and a cheap dinner/breakfast.. . $20 for one zipline ride ($50 for an all day pass). $60 for dinner for 6 at Market Street Cafe at the Cal....ifornia Hotel. + the lower limit craps and black jack tables at Binion's were being generous. ++I found a certain penny slot that I havent seen in ages that was very nice to me
This is a great 3rd day visit when your in Vegas. It's the old Vegas, laid back. It has a lot of neon and loud music. Stop and check out the graffiti artists....they are very good.
For anyone from the New England area the Fremont Street Experience is the Vegas equivalent of Hampton Beach. from the off strip cheesey stores to the gimmmicky restaurants (The Heart Attack Grill where if you weigh over 300lbs you eat free). That's not to say this place doesn't have its charm, hell you can zipline through this outdoor mall complex. After going to vegas almost a dozen times I finally went over to old Vegas, the Fremont Street Experience makes it worth the trip.
Turns out, I checked in tothis thinking it was just the actual street. Well, I didn't see the show, but I did have fun. I really LOVE that this place is so much more convenient to walk than the strip. You still get the fun, the drinks, and the casinos, without the sore feet when you get home. We went late afternoon. Turns out that is the PERFECT time to visit. It was really calm when we got there, so we had a yummy  late lunch at a nearby Mediterranean place. Afterwords we did some shopping and by the time we were walking down the main part it was dark and pretty! Definitely a must for your next trip to vegas!
I'm a sucker for a good light show.  I really wouldn't recommend coming down to Fremont Street unless the lights are on (except for you hard-core gamblers, have at it!).  I'm a penny-slot kind of girl, but I killed it.  Maybe I just happened to have lady luck smiling on me that day, but I wouldn't be surprised if the games were a touch looser down here.  They gotta draw the crowd somehow!. . The rooftop shows are pretty cool (I made my group come down for the Queen one).  The people watching is better though, so if you're prepared for that kind of entertainment, you'll have a good time.
If you're in Vegas, you MUST go experience Fremont Street. It is FANTASTIC.. . There's so much to do!!. . + 5 football fields long SKY SCREEN--hourly shows with music and videos. The cops close off the streets to cars so people just stand in the middle of the street looking up. It's a huge light show with just random crazy videos. It's as bright as day when the show's on.. . + Gambling--downtown gambling is Much cheaper than anything you'll find on the strip. Of course it's not as classy, but you'll spend more time with your money. You can find $5 blackjack and roulette tables at the Golden Nugget. It didn't seem to get way too crowded. =). . + Cheapest souvenirs--find them for $1 at the souvenir shop down the street from the golden nugget. . . + Live Stage--people perform there randomly. Really cool to just watch something live.. . + Zip lines--Some people zip line across the sky screen during the shows. hahaha =). . Seriously, if you're in vegas, you HAVE to go to fremont. It's fun, happy, bright, and just a very unique experience. 5 football fields long sky screen!! Really, where are you ever going to see that again???. . Transportation: You can take the Duces Bus or the regular bus. It's $5 for a bus ticket, reuseable within 2 hours. (You can be nice and pass it off to someone else when you're done if you're not gonna use it again in that time frame. =) )
Safer and more fun than new Vegas. Younger crowd and better prices. Lots of cool new spots pop up here. Check out insert a coin
Combine two parts gritty neon and fanny pack tourists with one part street performers, drunks, and cigarette smoke.  Add a splash of crazy, cover with a giant television, and shake.  Serve in a large, plastic football-shaped cup.  I like to call it the Downtown Special.. . I once avoided Downtown Vegas like the plague; perhaps because I was afraid I would actually catch the plague while I was there.  But I'm here to report that I've now embraced it with open arms, as should you.. . What should you expect while you are Downtown?  Lots and lots of people.  People EVERYWHERE.  But just grab your buddy's hand and start boppin' and weavin' through the crowd while they all stare up at the ungodly eyesore jumbotron that looms over Fremont Street.  . . You can also expect some old beat-up casinos filled with smoke, some old but recently remodeled casinos that are trying to keep the smoke at bay, and lots of cheap drinks (both in price and alcohol quality).  There are several awful souvenir stores where you can find something truly memorable to commemorate your trip to Vegas.  There are girls dancing on tables (employed by the casino), people dancing in the street (like myself), and people dancing at the outdoor concerts that are thrown frequently.. . Downtown is definitely a bit on the wild side, so make sure you keep your valuables close and your frozen beverage closer.  Watch where you are walking (uneven pavement, unknown liquids) and be prepared to laugh at all the ridiculous things you are about to see.  Yes, there will be some people wandering around and talking to themselves, but that's part of the experience.  . . This is definitely not a place for children- you've been warned.. . A must-stop if you are visiting Las Vegas and a fun night out if you are a local.
This a pretty good place to come especially on Saturday night as they have a couple bands playing and also they have a DJ playing a variety of music. There are people everywhere just drinking and having a good time, but to also watch the light show under the ceiling of Fremont street which is the main highlight.. The light show is on the hour in the evening, but I'm not sure if they have anything in the daytime.. . You can get some cheap booze and food from any of the casinos lining Fremont street which makes it so much more of a bargain than you can get from the Strip. . . Overall if you are a first time visitor to Las Vegas you have to try Fremont street at least once to see the old part of LV.
Pretty Cool place to spent a few hours. I enjoyed the live band and like the old Vegas feeling.
fremont street experience.. it's a free show! . . it's a cool place to hang out for awhile, you have the show going on, vendors and booth to look around... crazy people all dressed up to take pictures. And easy access to any casinos. youi're literally only a few steps away from the casino. Unlike the strip where you think you're a few steps.. but really you're miles away. haha
I haven't been here in a couple of years and I still like this old classic feel for Vegas!. . There are street people who are all dressed up for tips everywhere - from the band KISS, to Michael Jackson to Ozzie Osbourne to Smurfette, Ninja, Bumble bee transformer to Santa Clause in the month of May! You can pose for pictures for tips!. . It's not the cleanest or nicest area of Vegas but it has that old classy feel to it. This is where it all started.... . They now have zip lining right above which seems totally fun! Gotta try it net time - $15 before 6 and $20 after 6! Good times ;). . If you have never done this before, you have to come at least once. They have a ceiling light show every hour on the hour after 7pm and plays songs from queens! It's kinda cool!
There was this one particular moment where some sick beats were being laid down, along partially with this one sax dude. Ooooh, it was awesome...!. . Note: Slight effort for those of us optically challenged.
This is my 2nd visit to FSE. . . The first time was post college when we had a reunion at our friend's house who lived in Vegas. Since then, never made it back until recently.. . Here is where the freaks, geeks and sheiks come out!!! Lots of bright lights, drinks to be drunk, and people to see.. . We had a quarantined area for our group in front of the 80s rock band. It was AWESOME!!! The band played some really good 80s cover songs and everyone was dancing and singing along.. . There is a canopy with a lighting show and it just so happened that they featured some of our pics for our exclusive event. How cool is that?! . . It's cool to walk around and check out the local bars. Cheap drinks, not as crowded, and fun!
Sights, sounds, action... It's got it all. Creepy costume characters? Check. Grifters? Check. Zip-lines? Check. Vince Neill concert with people taking it wayyyy too seriously (Vince included)? Check.
I was in Vegas last year and wanted to go to this place and as it happens I didn't get the chance to go. This year it was my # 1 in the list. . . So I was there on Monday night and it was crazy, 3 different stages with rock bands playing at the same time, a lot of people walking around, street performers (from spray paint to musicians) some with talent some not, but with really nice bodies (is that a talent???? JK LOL ).  It was really alive and loud some casinos and restaurants, a lot of souvenir stores and people a lot of people.. . I really enjoyed the lights show with the music, that was cool.  They also have a zip line overhead. Yea there is a lot going on at the same time, a lot.. . On my first visit I attempted to buy a couple of souvenirs but couldn't so I had to come back the next day to do that. some of the stores have pretty much the same thing, none of great quality. I was able to find some cool items though... . FSE  cool experience.
I have lived in Las Vegas since Dec 05.... I totally love living here, but there are things i miss in my home state of MD..  I have never been to Fremont in my years here, boy have i been missing out...  I love this place,, real people, the food is cheaper, better entertainment options and just a nice place to go at night... They have bands playing pretty much every night...  Don't be a strip snob and head downtown to FREMONT ST..  You will have a great time...
Vegas doesn't get better than this. . . This is where the real Vegas happen. Forget about the strip and all the rich people for a bit. . . Pros:. - Walking distance to it all and NO traffic. - Neon Lights. - Light Show. - Old Style Casinos like Binions and 4 Queens. - Everything's lot cheaper than on the strip. . - Golden Nugget, as good as any Strip Hotel. . Cons:. - Can be crowded. - Close to some really bad areas, don't leave Fremont street alone after dark that's for sure . - smoky casinos (Like everywhere in Vegas).
Stayed at El cortez for edc weekend so we walked around here...its pretty cool theres different kinds of food everywhere drink plus theres random people doin random shows n stuff pretty cool..lights on the ceiling are amazing so goo see..its sickk
It's old school Vegas, baby!. . Of all the times I'd been to Vegas, I'd never been to Fremont Street before. That all changed during Yelp Spring Break with Yelp's Night Of The Living Neon. That YEE was right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience. The girlfriend (my +1) had never been to Fremont Street before either.. . The covered canopy video screen of lights above the entire street grabbed our attention 1st. That alone is worth seeing. But of course there's more, like the iconic neon cowboy & neon cowgirl, Vegas Vic & Vegas Vicky. There's also a zip line running over & along Fremont Street for a bird's eye view & some aerial excitement.. . & that's just what we noticed as we hurriedly made our way to the YEE. After the YEE wrapped up, Yelp had promos all up & down Fremont Street so the girlfriend & I hung around & explored. Fremont Street is quite the cacophonous combination of casinos, bars, street performers, live outdoor music & mobs of tourists gawking at all of it (like us).. . Despite the dazzlingly flashy light display overhead & the pervasive circus atmosphere, Fremont Street still has an old & seedy feeling to it. But that also makes it feel more like the real Las Vegas & less like the Strip's Disneyland meets Rodeo Drive mashup.. . In fact, with curbside bars serving alcoholic frozen slushee drinks & people everywhere milling about with cocktails &/or beers out in public, I told the girlfriend that it reminded me of New Orleans. I thought she hit the nail on the head when she replied that Fremont Street was like Bourbon Street without the 18th Century French Colonial architecture.. . For the full old school Vegas experience, we bought a few drinks courtesy of Yelp specials that night & then took public transit back to our hotel on the Strip. Needless to say, that bus ride was also an experience unto itself. Visiting the Fremont Street Experience was quite the Odyssey & 1 I would be down to do again.
I dont' even know where to begin. I am still fairly new to Las vegas and havent had the chance to go to this place before, but after a friend came into town and was staying at the Golden Nugget, i am really sad I have'nt been here sooner!. . Just a few perks:. 1. If you're on a budget, it is very low cost... I mean really! Old Las Vegas has preserved the good deals on meals, buffets, and drinks. Downtown on the strip.. 11.00 for a cocktail, that frankly, usually isnt that great. Here, it's half the cost and just as good. My friend's father had a steak and lobster dinner that he spent 20.00 on, and said the meal was fantastic!. 2. One problem I've always had about downtown on the strip is that the people who work there are often stressed, pissed off, and only concerned with how much you are going to tip them, which is really disapointing . Here on FSE, all the employees I came into contact with at the kiosks, casinos, and bars were all VERY friendly and happy workers. It really makes all the difference and puts you in a pleasant mood.. 3. Sure you've heard this one, but the people watching. There sure are an odd mix of individuals but it makes it funny and entertaining. . 4. The crowd... for some reason on the negative reviews of this place I have seen that there are less than pleasant opinions. I don't know if the crowd tendsto change very frequently, but I ran into a lot of nice people. Let me say I am a young woman who works in the beauty industry and goes to college, and i had no qualms with the people who were there, so stop being so uptight! These people are fun, and know how to let loose. I saw on a review listed on this place that it resembles Bourbon Street in New Orleans, and I completely agree! . 5. You don't have to walk too far from point A to point B. Im tired of paying an ungodly amount of money for a taxi! Everything is easily accessible and there is still a lot to see. . 6. its a Casual Setting. If you're going to a club or bar on the strip, Men: don't expect to go anywhere unless you're dressed in dress shoes, pants, and a shirt- to the nines! Strict dress code. Ladies: you can pretty much get away with anything as long as you look nice LOL. On Fremont Street it's pretty much a wide variety of people at a big party. Everyone is nice and having a good time. . 7. Live Bands, free, everyday. Although they're cover bands, they have talent, they are energetic, and some of them even take the time to come down and talk to you. . . *Now, I don't hate the Strip. I like it... I just feel like with everything that I've experienced at FSE, the service and price is far more up to par than the Strip.. . However, there are a couple things I did not find quite as satisfying:. . 1. Lack of Self-Parking. We had to walk a long way down unless we chose to pay for Valet.. 2. The Streets were slightly dirtier than the Strip (but honestly, i didn't find it too terrible) . . The reason I have only given it 4 Stars so far is because I havent gotten a chance to go through everything down there yet, but I plant on it!
Was pretty excited to return to Vegas this time around...My first trip here was eh. And we never did make it to Freemont Street. Not only do I love a good party, but I'm also a history buff and wanted to see the old places on what used to be the strip.. . Went with my mother in law this time around, and got to check it out! Was so glad we did!! In fact, we spent all 3 nights on Freemont, finding our way home in the wee hours of the morning!. . While she gambled, I checked out the show on their little strip. And not just the one in the sky...although that was pretty amazing as well. Loved their Doors tribute, and seeing the Zipliners fly through periodically!. . What grabbed my attention the most was the bands. Love a good cover band...and they had a few of them...at one time! Grabbed myself one of the huge arse drinks they sold, and went out there to check one out. Entertaining, Rocky...and a bit too flashy for my liking...so I started giving the singer crap in the middle of a Guns and Roses song...was up front, so would shake my head no...or shrug my shoulders, like eh...caught his attention, because he would try something different each time until I found myself really enjoying his singing - but then again, it just may have been that margaretta!! . . The second day, I found myself talking to the entertainers that frequent the street. Adjusting the ballerina's sash, explaining to MJ how great he looks... considering! Great place to people watch...talked with a few other out of towners, some locals and checked out Rock of Ages...who was cheesy fun!! . This time around, I was smarter about my drinks...while browsing through the selection of gift shops there, noticed they had a good selection of booze at the shop. Picked me up a super sized beer for $3 and went out to enjoy the sights! Did that 2x that night...save my money for other things!! Like my amazing piece of art I bought from a street vendor. Yeah, so I got suckered...but my spiderman is absolutely amazing!! . . Third night, was a bit bored of the scene, but still had a kick ass time. DeNero was giving me crap...there was another MJ on the scene, and the ballerina looked in much worse shape then the night before. ZZ Top (impersonators) were playing the main stage, and my band from the night before in the back. More people watching, drinking - found my new favorite at the Whisky bar - Honey Jack, Sprite and twist of lemon - so good!! . . Did manage to check out the Nugget while I was here, had to go in! Absolutely LOVE their pool. Just wished I had checked them out before eating that night...was looking for sushi, and being rushed to get down there, didn't have a chance to find a place! Did eat a very good Italian dinner that night on Freemont...their Veal was probably some of the best I've had in a long time.. . Freemont really made my trip fun and interesting! The bus ride back to the hotel every night was always fun!! But, can't say I recommend doing more then 2 days...really wished we hung out on the strip that last night so I can explore more there...but, that's what the next trip is for...right?!
First time here and wow, so much to see.  And the light show / video show on the ceiling is pretty cool as well.  I hear casinos here have better payouts?  And I like that there are vendors on the street and that things are overall just cheaper here than on the strip.  What I didn't like was that because things were so much more enclosed, you couldn't escape the cigarette smoke that just happened to be everywhere.   Not sure if I'd stay here, but I'd definitely come back to just hang out for a few hours.
And I thought I saw crazy ish on the strip...I saw even crazier stuff here!. . We took the bus here from the strip which only cost us $5 roundtrip. The food, drinks, and the gambling is cheaper here. Oh and don't forget souvenirs. Don't waste your money buying them on the strip, just get them here!. . I saw a lady with 40HHHHH sized boobs, chippendales, Tupac, Biggie, a magician, and a whole lot of other stuff.. . I didn't get to try to zip line since the line was way too long. I would sugguest doing that early before it gets dark.. . Freemont is definitely and experience and I will be back to try the zip line.
This was fun! We went to go hangout before the light show. There were plenty of stores and street performers to keep us occupied before the show at the top of the hour. There was a zip line, which we didn't do, but people seemed to be having fun on it. Paid parking garage was very close. They have 6 shows throughout the night, and all of them are different. The show itself lasted between five and ten minutes. Technologically, it is pretty impressive. The LEDs are far enough that it looks like a screen 20 feet above you. Sound quality was good, too.
Your trip to Vegas is not complete until you have been to Fremont St. Sooo much fun and entertainment! People watching is the best part!!! Ride the bus from the strip 24/7 for $7.00.
I have lived in Vegas for a year, but have been visiting for the last 10.  And I have seen Fremont St change so much.  I love hanging out here.  Always unique characters.. and cheap drinks.. This is where I would direct any of my friends to if they come into town.
It's downtown.  Let that sink in and realize that you are going to Ghetto Vegas.  You are hanging out with people that couldn't even afford to pay $22 to stay at Excalibur.  You go here to watch the human freak show reality show.  Expect any more than that and you'll be disappointed and probably pretty disgusted.  . . But if you are the type that likes to go to a dive bar every now and then, Fremont Street will probably be right up your alley.
Old Vegas is alright by me.  The Freemont experience reminds me of a town carnival area. There is a sense of old and grunge to the area but nothing bad, of course its not the Bellagio, Caesars or and establishment like the Mandalay Bay but it is the original Vegas strip. The sides are lined with sourvenir shops, casinos, small restaurants and bars.. .  I wish we could have stayed to see the light show at night but I still enjoyed my day on Freemont.
I definitely think downtown has come a long way over the last few years.  Things like First Fridays, Street Eats, the Farmer's Market, Zappos are some recent factors for the rejuvenation of the city.  The Fremont Experience is a consistent attraction that has kept people coming back downtown for years.  This attraction is great and entertains just about everyone.  The dome show they have is awesome.  The live bands daily is a great touch for the locals and tourists.  There's zip lining and street artists of all shapes, sizes and personalities.  I definitely think the engineering of the Fremont Street Experience was genius.  Placing a dome top between all the dowtown casinos and using their air conditioners to cool the outside no matter the time of year is well thought out!  . . Whenever in Vegas or just looking for a fun night out, let your hair down and come up to the Fremont Street Experience.  Even if you don't drink, you'll have a wonderful time people watching and enjoy what this place has to offer!
I come here whenever I have guests in town to show some historic places in vegas and sometimes on first fridays for just a good time. They have some activities around the street that's always amusing but I wouldn't walk around outside of the fremont street as I think it can get a little dangerous, especially after 2am.
I think next Vegas Trip I'm staying here instead of on the strip!
Me and hubby came here for the first time and at the wrong time. I am assuming there was a popular Mexican performer having a concert and we almost got stuck in the big crowd bc we didn't see it coming. I got out of there asap and walked towards the right side where there was room to breath. I won $87 on a penny slot machine because I had to get away from the huge crowd. After the concert was over there were broken glasses and junk everywhere. On the other side there was a Bon Jovi impersonater performing and he sang all the good rock songs. We got in a long line for fried oreos but half way there they decided to stop selling them so we left. It was a pretty cool experience coming here. Parking is $1 for every 30 minutes so that ain't too bad.
The bands are playing with the lights going off with street performers. Very cute!! People are ziplining across the whole street. There were alot of people dressed up from various star wars, indians. show girls. elvis, 2pac, snoop dogg, nate dogg, spartans. It was pretty interesting.
A great People Experience place. . . Free enterainment watching the drunks.  Light show acros the covered three block area. . . If you are out of money and need something free to do or just need break from casino, take a couple of hours.. . Best not when it is 100 degrees out though!!
Parking starting to feel like California but I love this place!! Where else could people watching be this entertaining!! And the atmosphere is laid back and chill love it.
There is no better place in Las Vegas to go and people watch!  Always someone walking around who needs a mirror and those who just don't care.  The shows on the canapy always make me wanna dance.  The KISS is my favorite!!!!. . There is plenty of great eatiers to fit every budget and taste.  From a casual sit down dinner to a fried Twinky.  The drinks are cheap and plenty.. . Can we talk about the performers?  AWESOME!!!  Bands to fit everyone taste in music and the spray paint artist always draw my attention for hours.  Walking around and seeing three Captain Jack Sparrows is a blast.  . . Fremont has really become one of my favorite places in Las Vegas andglad to see so many locals are coming back!
The Fremont Street Experience is a blast. In a Vegas ghetto way.. . Forget all your stuffy strip restaurants and casinos. . . Why walk a 1/4 mile between one strip hotel and another to see the same overpriced food and clothes. How many times can you watch a fountain?. . Who stays in their Vegas room except to sleep or (***k) anyway?. . Why play at $15, $25, $50 minimum hand per play blackjack on the strip? $5 blackjack hands are the going price......You can switch casinos in a heartbeat or two.  And the overhead show is awesome!  And it changes all the time.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw#AALYCo_R-Bi25Cy-dyrFJA. Why pay $100+ to see a show on the strip? The FREEmont show is, well free.. . FUN FUN FUN and freaks too!. . From the zip line, Mob Museum, $2 tall boys, Binions deli (Boars head), Main St Station buffet, Golden Nuggets shark tube, $1.5 bacon dogs. The giant neon canopy, free 70's, 80's, 90s bands play free every night. Were else could you see spray paint artists, and showgirls? Chippendale's dancers and get a $2 dollar margarita? Custom made signs and bedazzled I-phone cases? Spider-man (fake) and a dude in a wheelchair compete for a beer? S&M performers and football beers? Line dancing to hip hop and pole dancing. Cops on bikes and freaks on meth. Krispy Kreme and Vegassouviners, A million cash dollars...... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zzl4ffV9kFY3yOSSgyRUBQ?select=hYUktnjvTieGQJmcdpO99g#l4XEW1HHImBkpp-UK6AykA. . Met these two dudes coming out of the bathroom at Binions. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=jwxFa3IkEYd_XMwC0wU-6Q#jwxFa3IkEYd_XMwC0wU-6Q. . Old school showgirls. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1We_DbwYwIhfFrVBJ2--gQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. New School. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nziLpXjU-J4ctwWDTDzgBA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. Nuggy sharks. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0myEgMzD9fyfnNRWncgcvQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. Cool. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=BUgn6k9tlzeblkmTfrQrZg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . . Best bets for eats downtown:. Top of Binions Steak House (Bennys prine rib end cut!). Main Street Station Buffet (Best buffet downtown). Vic & Anthonys Steak House in the Nugget (Ribeye & lump crab). Market Street cafe at the Cal. (Oxtail stew! & midnight breakfast). Binions Deli (legit cornd beef and pastrami). Hugo's Cellar (Lobster bisque and scampi). . Just because:. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQCFhrInBco. . Let your hair down.. If you havn't been downtown in a while you are not living. . Viva Downtown Las Vegas!. . Yup I'll be back
Glittering lights. Stunning visual and sound effects. Crowds of people. Nice lively place... good Viva Vision shows every hour in the evening!  As its outdoors, the tempratures may get uncomfortable though its shaded!
How some things in Vegas change and some (thankfully) don't.  . . The Freemont Street Street Experience is always a good time and I highly reccomend it for anyone who is visiting Las Vegas.  It's just one of those things you have to see while in Vegas.  The street show runs every night, above Freemont Street, each hour, on the hour.  . . Really a neat thing to see.  Most everyone you meet on Freemont is quite nice, if a bit inebriated.  It's also one of the best places out West to go people-watching.  You will always see a veritable cast of characters coming out of the woodwork after the sun goes down.  . . Though you don't see them that much, the cops are around there, so it's pretty safe. . . Lots of clubs, casinos and shops up and down Freemont.. . During the day, you'll see the living statues...always a hoot.
Really worth a visit when in Las Vegas! . . Shows occur on the hour all night and last approx 15 min.. . Everything is looser in old town!. . p.s. stay at the Golden Nugget!
You have to love the Fremont Street Experience.  No, really.  You have to.  First, this is old time Vegas at it's best... then it's kind of swirled around with new Vegas when you throw in the awesome Fremont street sky show thingy that, by the way, I LOVE.  All summer you have awesome bands... okay, awesome if you're me and old, but still... who does not love 80's rock bands?  WHO?   WHOOOO!?!?   Fremont Street is just fun.  You're going to drink and you're going to see live bands, and street performers and artists and you're going to buy crap you don't want and gamble at shabby casinos.  If you're lucky, you'll find some of the better bars and restaurants offered and you... yeah, you, are going to have a blast.  I dare you to do Fremont Street and NOT have fun.. . Oh yeah, and they have a ton of neons from the Golden Age of Vegas along Fremont street.  Definitely worth a look see.. . Not FIVE star because while it is fun and cool, it is old and old can be good, but it can also just be old.  Some casinos are remodeling and there is huge improvement from say, ten years ago, but it is still old.
I always love going down fremont street and watching the street show the last time I was there they had Kiss. There is always something going on and so many things to see they always have impersonators, a couple of weeks ago, they had spiderman,  they have a bunch of bars as well, that are very easy access,  I love the fact that they do not have all the "clickers as I call them, as they do every five feet on the strip handing out porn cards" which is really ice. I also enjoyed watching people try to wiegh over 350 pounds at heart attack burgar on the scale that sits outside.
I can say I love coming up here from the strip. And honestly I think I will try and stay here at least one night next visit to Vegas. Most of the shops are mostly soveniers and liquor stores. But I loved playing the old school coin op slots. The show on the ceiling is fun if you haven't seen it before. But not a draw to come back for sure.
Every time I visit Fremont Street, I always think of that 80's U2 music video, "I still haven't found what I'm looking for", before they revamped downtown to attract more tourists. . . The only good thing Downtown Las Vegas has going for it is the Fremonet Street Extravaganza starting from the Plaza Hotel all the way towards the Fitzgeralds and now called the D Resort which is a stupid name if you ask me and I think Downtown is trying to go hip just like the main strip.  I haven't stayed in Downtown Las Vegas yet but plan to sooner or later just to compare this to the strip where I usually stay at and this being old Vegas, you have better comps for low rollers, cheap food and cheap entertainment.  Live bands are scattered all around the Fremont Street and so are vendors and street performers looking to make some tips in the dying city you call North Las Vegas. . . Above you is the zip line which is pretty cool but I've been on better zip lines compared to this and I give it some thought. The crowd around here is not the best look since it's North Las Vegas, you are more likely to run into crackheads, homeless people, ghetto, low class and the usual tourists.
If you're sick and tired of spending your vacation on The Strip, then the Fremont Street Experience is what you need to check out. There's so much going on here: bright lights, random street performers, photo ops (I saw a woman with large tits allowing men to do obscene photos with her o_O), ziplining....you get the picture.. . The best way to enjoy this? Go grab a 40, walk around and take it all in.. . Tip: Emergency Arts is also in the area so don't forget to pay them a visit.
Great at night...go to the buffets in the day time, cheap and good food!
It's a giant television! LOL no really . Thousands of people looking up with cameras in hand , It is rumored PICKPOCKETS will be lurking so be careful don't lose track of your wallet while enjoying the show .. The shows are awesome and they have really perfected this over the years really a must see in Vegas .
So fun and interesting. Sure it's not as glam as the strip and attract a slightly more buzzed crowd but i think that the charm of this place. . . Come here at night for the show to people watch. Also, visit the old casino's nearby and check out all the fun attractions they have to offer. Fremont St is Vegas' charm.
You haven't seen Las Vegas until you've seen old downtown. . . I love the scene and I love all the casinos and shop that Fremont Street has. I love the fact that these casinos have low dollar tables and drinks.. . The actual Fremont experience has gotten better each time I come. From the full street LED ceiling show to the paragliding.
Who knew there was an entire second part to the strip?  It's less expensive but just as much action happening!  Street venders, steak & seafood specials, dinner shows & souvenirs. It's all there PLUS a five story sky "theater" that covered all four lanes for two blocks. When we there it had a John Bon Jovi concert playing. Very cool.  Take the local bus North to Fremont. Bus is $6 for 2 hrs or $8 for 24 hrs.
Downtown Las Vegas is definitely not the strip. In some ways it's better - in some, worse. It all just depends on you and what you're looking for. . . Everything from alcohol - ice cold beers for $2 served by vendors right on sidewalks to zip lining. Free performances by unknown, probably local groups and a bunch of booths selling cheesy stuff that you'll never need but is cool to at least look at. . . The overhead light show with themed music isn't so bad - or you can wander into the old school casinos for their entertainment, food or gambling. . . It's something one should experience at least once.
Experienced Fremont Street too many times to count.  When it comes to experiencing Las Vegas, you have to hit Fremont Street at least once.  Til this day, this is where I take my parents, family, and friends from out of town.  . . Fremont Street Experience:  . -Spent a couple of NYE's here.  You have to pay, but it's a change from the clubs and actually pretty fun.  Gets packed though.. -Zip-lining:  Still on my bookmark, will try it soon.. -Kiosks:  Plenty of different and small kiosks selling everything from art to sports paraphernalia.. -Eats:  A bunch of small eats out there, usually quick fried stuff.  Want something with substance, hit one of the casinos. . -Drinks:  Like the eats, best to just hit one of the casinos for drinks.  I usually hit Golden Gate drinks. . -Ambiance:  A ton of tourist and some even call it a tourist trap.  But a lot of locals too.  Everyone here is out to have a good time, very little drama.. -Live Music / Band. -Impersonators:  This is the mecca for impersonators in Vegas.  . -Golden Gate:  Got talent working there.  Good for drinks. . . Nearby Visits: Where I go at times. . -Main Street Casino:  I usually go in here for Triple 7 Brewery. -The California for the Market Street Cafe (Oxtail and cheap Steak). -Golden Nugget:  For their poker room.  Good and fun games here.  Nothing too serious.  Just a bunch of locals and tourist enjoying Hold Em'.. -Binions:  I use to go here all the time a few years back for their poker room.  Room has died down a bit in the last couple of years.  WSOP started here.. . Bars/Clubs:. -Downtown:  Actually my favorite.  Great place to kick back before and after you hit the other bars. . -Griffin:  Okay place for drinks and to meet people.  Small so gets crowded. . -Insert Coins:  80' video games meets a bar.  . . You can park at any one of the casinos, but I usually park at the Main Street Parking.  You're close enough to experience the Experience.  During special events and 3 day weekends, can get crowded.  Parking is free if you have a B-Connect Player's Card.
I thought this place was pretty cool. Or maybe it was just fun because of the group I went with. It's like walking under a huge tunnel with lights flashing all the time and different graphic appearing every minute. . . We actually didn't do really much when we got here. We stared at the impersonators and drank. Everyone kept getting the ginormous fat tuesdays with 10 million straws in each. . . Just walked around and looked around and found random stuff to do. I really wanted to go ziplining. I don't know why I didn't. Maybe next time.. . Overall, I think it's a cool place to check out.
A great place to have fun on the cheap. Walk in and out of the hotels and casinos and feast on their delicious and unbelievably priced carnival foods.  Enjoy live music or the one of a kind razzle and dazzle of the Freemont Street Experience.  Be warned that this place brings a tougher crowd due to the affordability of drinks... Transients and drunks.
I like Fremont Street Experience...for the most part..and I'll tell you why!. . Fremont is the "old" Vegas Strip the real one, it goes East/West.  The New Strip (Stratosphere to Mandalay Bay) is North/South . . I've been here about a year and a half now, and I mainly only go out now when friends come to visit so Vegas is new and fresh to me too. I don't meet my friends on the strip to get dressed up and have no place to sit with my overpriced drink in one of the upscale clubs. I'm over it. Instead, I tell my friends to call me the next day, and give them a taste of relaxed, casual Vegas..aka Fremont and the Fremont Street Experience so they can have contrast while they visit Vegas.. . No dress codes, All types of people... from matching NASCAR jacket wearing families, white trash, whino's, past-their-prime-rocker-chicks,  impersonators, Guido's, gangsters, all the way to little old people pushing oxygen tanks spending their fixed income on slots....Fremont has quite the mix! (coincidentally it's like the hotel guests of Circus Circus were all invited to the same party LOL ) . . No pretentious dress codes, and no over-priced drinks here. No sirree, and I like it that way. Also, if your a food bargain hunter, there are plenty of places for a foodie to hit, not that it's gonna be 5 star buffet quality, but the price is right in most cases. My favorite is the $11.99 Steak and Lobster @ Tony Roma's in the 4 queens as far as bang for the buck. Get there early about 830, and it's only about a 20 minute wait. . . I start off getting a Buddha beer in the liquor store next to the pizza place to the right as you walk under the arch. Then I let my friends take in all the impersonator craziness that is Fremont Street Experience-on just about any given night-  ...contortionist's,over-dressed clubber's, soon-to-be-brides and their entourage, tap-dancing super freaks, pretty-hot showgirls, overweight spider men, ghetto-looking bumblebee knock-offs, Rick James lookin mofos, 3 different Michael Jackson's (different era's), Tupac, Hello-Kitty, Cowboy's, living Statue's, that creepy guy in the baby diaper's with stringy hair and bow and arrow with a heart on the tip, the super-skinny-super-weird-dude-in-the-bikini-and-high-heels (mofo has some ca hones) as we traverse the length of the arch-most would like a tip for a pic with them. We usually stop in Hennessy's tavern, and flirt with the always cute bar girl for a minute and try to Catch a LIVE lLobster in the claw grab machine- (which they will cook if you win-BONUS!). . Stop to watch the LED arch every hour signaled by the darkening of the Neon-extravaganza going on around you, and listen to whatever feel good rock track they play-usually "American Pie" or Queen's  " We Will Rock You" or Kiss-something everyone can relate to-it's always a riot. Mix in the occasional zip liner overhead and work your way toward the plaza hotel on the western end where we always see the 3 stages of aging rocker's that look liked they escaped the 80's...but do throw down some pretty great classic tracks that aging rocker chicks hold their drinks up and throw devil horns too. Note the fan on the last stage-making the lead singer's hair "whip" in the wind-ha ha ha!  Check out the sick graffiti painter's and spend a little time checking out the go-go's on the bars-super hot...but usually dancing to music that's in their head and not on the stage blaring 80's and 90's metal...So much fun! There's also a couple of decent clubs hidden inside some of  the casinos. . . Then, we work our way back and check out the local's Trifecta- Insert Coins (Street Fighter II YES!) Beauty Bar, and the Griffin-always fun to hit these three-and I'll probably write a review for them after this review.  Do the Mystery Shot for $4 at the Griffin if you get a chance and take a picture next to the chalk board. The shot has not been the same anytime I've been there-We never know what it is (or what's in it!) Great way to fire up the night! . . All in all a totally fun, turn your mind off experience.  . . Word of advice though.... . Clear out when the tourist's do.... . I wouldn't hang out past 2 maybe 3 by myself unless your in group with a lot of guys because the super drunk anti-tourist locals and roving street trash wanna-be little gangs can really kill your buzz and good time really quick.  I've traveled a lot countries in my life, but the crowd here gets really rough after 3 am-no joke. . . If you take it for what it's worth, and realize it's the more relaxed casual trashy side of Vegas-you'll feel fulfilled-plus its Free! They've built some new clubs I have to go check out. . . If you're staying on the strip, ride the Deuce Deuce-it's the most cost effective. It doesn't look that far from Stratosphere to Fremont, but it's longer than you might think. . . Have Fun! Look for me playing Street Fighter II @ Insert Coins random nights. ;)
I am a fan based soley on the fact that it is some of the best people watching I have ever experienced - wowza! Couple it with crazy, flashing strobe lights and 80's hair band rock with the face of Bon Jovi staring down at you - yep I am a fan!
It's what makes Downtown Vegas experience well Downtown Vegas.  Get a kick out of the LG lightshow.
Fremont Street if nothing else is a great place to watch people. Where else can you walk down the street and meet Rod Stewart, Michael Jackson, Bret Michaels, Rick James, along with an assortment of others.
It's tragic yet fun to take visitors here at night so they can experience Fremont Street and the wildlife it offers. Ranging from the whiskey tango elite to the meth head pan handlers, you won't be disappointed with what you'll see! Oh and the show at the top of the hour is a must.
If you are the type of person who likes traveling, staying at resorts, never leaving the resorts, and think that the resorts and the locals you see working at the resorts are representative of the place you are visiting, avoid this place. You'll be disappointed.. . If you are the type of person who likes traveling, seeing new and different things, and getting a glimpse (not the entire look) of what the location you are at is really like, go to the FSE.. . You'll see a lot of the things that the negative reviews here warn you about, but that's part of the *experience*, isn't it? You can get 4-5 star service and sheltered environment that you get on the Strip in pretty much every city, but the FSE is unique.. . It's worth a trip downtown.
When it comes to living in Vegas, you end up playing tour guide for visiting family. It gets repetitive and stale for me but I go through the motions so I can get it out of the way and show them MY Vegas.  I don't mind bringing people down here at all as its a great segway into showing them a side of Vegas I do like in the close by Fremont East corridor or ArtsDistrict. . . For the show itself it is just alright, though I appreciate it changes often so there is replay value. Once they did a Yelp based one for our Spring Break party which was really cool! . . Since you're here to see this giant TV, also walk around as theres more to do here. A few stages where there is love performers.  Often the Experience goes with a overall theme like a certain band tribute week or a time period so the light show and live shows all will reflect that. . . If you are into souvenirs theres a lot of those shops here and cheaper than the Strip usually. Lots of gimmicky kiosks if that is your thing. There is still graveyard specials to be had at some of the casinos or cheap eats like the fried twinkies and oreos at Mermaids for $1. Some restaurants here are worth the visit like DuPars (best pies ever! ), Hugo Cellar (romantic and classic old school fine dining ), Market St Cafe (late night, oxtail soup, cheap breakfasts), Triple 7 Brewery, etc so don't discount the old little casinos. Apparently some of them have very competitive odds and good buy in prices for games. The BF goes to poker tournaments at Binions sometimes. . . I love the people watching here. There's more characters here and a mix of various kinds of tourists and locals. . . Now that there is the zip line, I really want to try that while the show is on blasting colorful lights above me.  Sometimes even I want to play tourist.. . (Yelp 100 Challenge 33/100)
Had a blast here and zip lining was fun.  Live music and lots to see.
The Fremont Street Experience is in downtown (old) Las Vegas and definitely worth a short trip if you're staying on the strip. You'll find some of the older 'gems' that were part of Vegas before the strip became more commercialized. The Four Queens, the Golden Nugget, and the Fremont are worth checking out if not for nostalgia sake, but for some good daily drink and food specials. The arched video presentation is awesome, and in the heat of the summer, the sun is filtered and AC cools down the environment. Definitely worth a look!
Always some kind of live music. And the atmosphere is always entertaining.
We stayed right next door at the Golden Nugget and I must say that this Fremont thing was great. Not perfect because of how many tourist were there but the light show playing to the music was pretty amazing. The light show plays often throughout the night so you will get plenty of chance to check it out. It's located in the older part of Vegas where the old downtown use to be.
If I had a choice of walking the Fremont Street Experience or walking down The Strip to look at the culture that is Las Vegas - I would prefer visiting the Fremont Street Experience. Why? The Strip is like a bar crawl, crowds of people in their stupor attempting to go from one bar to another, with no obvious end objective in site. Besides, once finishing looking at all of the exterior features of the hotels, there's not much else to look at. And I've been in every single hotel on The Strip, it's pretty much the same thing with different props.. . The Fremont Street Experience however, is bit less crowded and lower key. Moreover, there's lot less drunken idiots in the way. The Fremont Street Experience does have a few variety of shops or activities which one can engage the mind, including shopping, listening to live music, zipping down the Flightlinez (a zip-line approximately 40-70 feet above ground which traverses a part of the Fremont Street Experience), or looking at the music shows on the hour on the overhead video display system. Another thing to do is people watching, just sitting back and take in the atmosphere, and watching the crowd be distracted by the spectacle that is the Fremont Street Experience.
i love going down to freemont. the light shows here are simply amazing. its a good place to take the kids too as well. if your in vegas and have not been here yet. i recommend that you go asap.
I've been to Vegas so many times I can't count them all. I've done the Strip thing, I've done the off-the-strip thing, I even lived in Vegas for a year back in 2003-2004, but I have a new go-to place.........Fremont Street!!!  Yes, yes, I know it's anything but new. It's actually been there a long long time. Even the lightshow and all the entertainment has been there for quite some time. I unfortunately never gave it a second thought before. With so much to do on the strip, why bother with the dingy, grimy downtown scene? Well let me tell you. . . First off, if you like to drink (and if you go to Vegas you probably do) then here you have a self-contained fun zone where you don't have to worry about driving, getting a cab or walking very much. Secondly, stuff tends to be MUCH MUCH CHEAPER downtown. You can get hammered for a fraction of what it costs on the Strip. Also, gambling is cheaper. Fremont has tons of tables where the minimum can be as low 2 bucks. Sometimes it's difficult to find a tableunder 10 on the strip, if not more. Thirdly, there is an unlimited amount of sensory stimulation. You are bombarded by lights and bands and crazy characters and people flying over your head and etc etc etc. You also have tons of choices for food whether it be a simple hot dog all the way to a lobster dinner. To add to all of this, there is also a zip-line ( the flying people), dance clubs, museums, toy stores and even a strip club (though I wouldn't recommend going there...see their reviews). As if this wasn't enough, if you get a hotel on Fremont, you are literally so close to your room that if you feel the need to pass out, you are less than 5 minutes from reaching your goal.. . Now, I know what people say, Fremont is trashy. Ok, so it isn't The Cosmopolitan or Trump Tower. If you are looking for fancy then definitely do not go there! BUT, if you are down to earth and looking for a huge, casual, terribly fun party then JUST DO IT!!! We just got back and we are already planning our next trip.. . A footnote. The trip we just took was for my son's 21st birthday. He lived in Vegas before too and asked me, "Mom. Why the HELL did you not bring me here sooner?????"  Well son, aside from you not being 21, I didn't know about it. Until now!!!!
This was a ton of fun--the light show is great. Probably okay for kids, though I still am astounded that anyone would bring their kids to Vegas.
When you have friends visiting, its always fun to take them downtown.  A fun time at a reasonable price.
A cool free attraction in Las Vegas.  You'll find it in the heart of downtown Las Vegas.  Just head on over to Fremont Street, and walk out into the pedestrian mall.  The pedestrian mall in between the casinos is filled with vendors, kiosks, street performers, and many people.  The free light show is located right above you on the canopy that lines the length of the street.. . The shows are played nightly beginning at dusk.  They are also played every hour with a different light show every hour.  They also play music which is pumped through speakers located throughout Fremont Street.. . Nowadays, we only come here to take friends or family who have never been here.  Just remember to watch your stuff.  There are plenty of suspicious characters hanging around the area.
If you've never seen it, pay the taxi to remove you from the strip and check it out. . . If you've seen it, stay on the strip and move on with your life.
Wish there wasn't so much construction going on.... . . But we love Fremont anyway.... . A refreshing break from downtown Vegas.... . Can't wait til we come back again and get to see the improvements!
My spouse and I came here for the first time two weeks ago during late morning and early afternoon hours.  It was low key and a nice break from the noise and crowds on Las Vegas Blvd.  We spent a few hours here and I'd say we saw a good portion of what this area has to offer.  We used valet parking at Golden Nugget which is close to the pedestrian walkway and hassle free.  There are a few shops to enjoy and no long line-ups to contend with at Starbucks or the restaurants.  There are a few bars you can walk up to without going into the casino.  One situated right outside of the D pours everything but blended drinks, which are strong and a good price.  I would be interested in going back in the evening sometime to see live music and video shows, but I truly didn't feel like I was missing out on anything by being here during the day.
Go in the evening!  The lights are mesmerizing and are a true show.. . Fremont Street is less formal and more casual, you will find more interesting characters on Fremont than on the Strip.  Most people here will have lots of liquid courage since the drinks here are big and strong and you won't be able to walk a block without having the opportunity to buy a drink.  The original hotels of Vegas with all the classic decor.  Both Fremont and the Strip are great experiences and completely different.  You'll find less expensive and still quality food on Fremont.  This is where you will find the truegrit of Vegas - I love the "real" feel found here.. . Take the bus if you're staying on the Strip, it's cheep and will save on the taxi or rental car costs.
In the 2 months I have been here I have taken two different out of town guests downtown and I have gone a handful of time. Fremont street is a must see. From the locals, to the zip line, to the street performers, to the bands, to the laser light show, Fremont street is in class all by itself. . . What more can I say I love this totally cool part of Vegas!
Loved it!  I found it way more entertaining than the strip, and didn't have to push through crowds all night.  The performers are good to mediocre as most of them are all street/freelance and work for tips.. . Police presence and security was impressive.  They made shady people move or broke up large crowds.  The ceiling show can't be missed either.
This was definitely an experience coming to check this out. I did not know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised by the entire situation. It is quite a journey here from the MGM Grand where I was staying. As soon as you walk up, you notice the giant overhead cover that the videos play on. There were people walking everywhere and numerous street performers doing their thing. I saw a dance/contortionist first thing as I walked up. He was popping and locking and could turn his arm and hands all the way around "Weird and Cool". There was also a spray paint artist that did fantastic work using only spray paint, poster board and sponges. A live band was playing as well and they were pretty good. Further down, there was a stage and DJ playing with dancers there too.. . The show itself was pretty good. They did one with the band "Heart" and played several of their songs through the show. They effects were cool and it looked great. This is a unique experience coming here. Not only for the actual light show, but because of all the interesting characters that are around. Several of the old casinos are there and some of them have lots of "character"... Definitely an experience and one that I will return for next time I visit.
Enjoyed it. More fun than the 2 times I've been to the strip. We asked the locals about things to do. This was one of them and they were right. It was cool. Cool and fun are subjective, though. To each their own. . . Chatted with the hilarious charismatic bartender Nae in some bar (she should have her own tv show), saw a quarter of a mile long LED arch monitor play a Queen show, three different bands, then went ziplining above the same street. There were some funny people on this Street also, like the scantily dressed tranny dancing for hours (wtf?). And this was a Tuesday night.
Must admit that I spent more time at the craps tables, or sleeping, than watching the Fremont Street Experience shows - but it was very impressive. May depend on what is going on when you take the time to watch and listen. My primary recommendation is: Give us older folks (I'm only 65 but have some issues standing and walking endlessly) SOME place to sit down! Funny . . . I can stand a good while at the craps pit, but at least I can lean. Ha!
Everybody whining about this place and being condescending about everything possible and all I see is Imanannoyingtourist, CA, I'manannoyingtourist, NY, I'manannoyingtourist, FL.. . You're walking around Vegas SOBER and having a bad time. No shit? You must be a tourist! Welcome to Vegas retard! You'd think it couldn't get worse than tourists walking around Manhattan with NYC shirts on, but the tourists in Vegas top it hands down. Grow a brain, grow a pair, get drunk, go have some fun. I've lived here my whole life, FSE is a standard. It's fun if you're a fun person. Sure it has a bit of a rapey vibe every once in awhile and crack whores sometimes get lost (they're far nicer than a lot of posters here though), but that doesn't mean it's not enjoyable. If you're fortunate enough to be in Vegas as a tourist, you have a very good life. Enjoy it. Stop whining.
Fremont Street Experience has its good and its bad.  Starting with the bad.  WTH with the street performers?  It is absolutely ridiculous!  It is a non-stop circus show.  I don't understand how they can't regulate these people?!  At first I thought it was cool.  Kinda gave you a San Francisco meets Seattle vibe.  THEN you get the half naked homeless looking cupid with a diaper on or the tranny in a bathing suit or even better the gigantic boob lady with pasties.  Um yeah.  You get the idea.  If that's your thing then come on down but it definitely is NOT where I want to bring my child.  One of the last times I brought my daughter down there was for a Hunter Hayes concert (teen country singer) and I made her and her friend look at the ground as we passed the big TV's advertising the strip club....not much to the imagination.  As we were walking back that time the girls wanted their pic taken with Elmo and Sponge Bob.  As they ran up to them and I had a $5 tip ready in my hand, Elmo whispers in my ear that they only take pictures for tips.  So classy.  Amazing and disappointing to say the least.  The last time I was there for Vegas StrEATS there were tons of kids doing the performances.  One I noticed was about 2 years old.  Hey if you can make money off your kids street performing then go right ahead...I guess.  Anything goes obviously.. . So enough of the bad rant....lets talk about the GOOD!!!   I no longer bring my daughter down there so all is good!   wink wink... So there is a zip line that takes you from one end to the other traveling in moderate speed over all the people lining Fremont.  Its fun to give it a one time try.  They will take an action picture and entice you to buy one at the end.  During the day the lines are better-just sayin.  They have Insert Coins for the video game gurus that like some old school stand up 80's type video games.  It IS a bar and you do have to be over 21 I believe because they do card you.  They still do the concert events (free) which is always fun and entertaining and what is more fun than singing and dancing in the street right?!  The whole ceiling light show I can definitely do without but the tourist friggin LOVE it.  I just don't get it.  But it always makes me laugh to see people video taping it.  Cheese factor at its finest.  Ooooh Ahhh. LOL. . Fremont has improved SO much.  Finally some good food, some great bars and a good scene with normal people-not just tourists!  With Commonwealth, The Park, Vanguard, Radio City Pizza among many other new venues FSE has transformed itself into an amazing hangout!  The newer updated area itself is located on the east side of the strip where your options are endless.  It really gives you a mini-California vibe with the outdoor seating and the bar to bar hopping experience.  My friends and I absolutely love it!. . Anyways, FSE has so many things to do with so little time for one night and just keeps you wanting to come back for more (without the children)..Keep on with the new improvements...us Vegas peeps are loving it!  There are still a few places I need to check out!  So I definitely will be seeing you soon!
MY FAVORITE!. . When my husband and I travelled to Vegas together for the first time I was literally shocked he didn't know about the downtown. Fremont is my favorite! The Fremont Street Experience is free, fun, and very memorable. Plus, when the screen isn't playing its show up above, you can look around you and there are costumed "celebrities" EVERYWHERE. If you don't want to tip them to take a picture together, try a perfectly aimed "selfie" with them in the deliberate background.. . Food is good on Fremont. Drinks are cheap. Streets are packed. There are stages with live performances, zip lines, and I even saw a motorcycle ball of death once. ONe of the greatest things I've ever seen live! Plus, this area is rich with history. I've only stayed in a downtown hotel a couple times. Stay on the strip, but take a cab to Fremont and enjoy the experience.
We always go to the strip so this time we not only got a hotel in downtown but experienced alot of Freemont.   We had a blast.  We like the fact that they had a lot of free entertainment.  There were bands that play until 1:30 in the morning and the light show is amazing.  I enjoyed it because you see all types of people and they are friendly not like on the strip.  Plus if you want to go to the strip, just hop on the bus and go to the strip.  Drinks are way cheap in Freemont.  You could get $2 bottle beers and super easy to buy drinks in the convenience stores and walk around with them.  Is this for kids no, I don't think much of  Vegas is for kids.
The free summer concert series is great!  Seats at the Patio Bar are $30 including a drink, and include a great view AND overhead mist to help keep cool.  This is becomign a really fun place to hang out.  AND, the renovations at the hotels make it a great alternative to staying on the strip.
Must go to Insert Coins & Zipline.... . This is a must!!!!!! :)
Nice atmosphere away from the Strip, and a good place to just relax somewhat. the casinos are nice as well, and some of the food is great.
If you are into people watching, seeing cover bands playing classic rock, and looking at the all the freaks Las Vegas has to offer then this place is for you.  There are many casinos here with affordable tables, and the chance to see something out of the ordinary is a sure thing on Fremont street.  Oh yeah, there are also many places to find alcohol so how could you go wrong here.  Grab a drink, walk the street, and enjoy the show.. . After reading other reviews I have to add...many of the casinos are very nice and clean.  Check out the Golden Nugget, Plaza, and of course Fremont.  They aren't the new ritzy places but they are nice and friendly.. . There are indeed a lot of performers, and some are literally hanging out of their clothes but it is all part of the experience, just don't bring the kids.. . There were a few beggars but coming from L.A. and visiting New York a few times it actually looked like things were going well in downtown Vegas.. . Finally, I didn't see one crack head on Fremont street, but if that is the wild life you are looking for the bus station is just a couple blocks away.  I'm sure there is a great risk of being pick pocketed here just like any other place with a large crowd, but there is also a ton of security and cops.. . Enjoy!!!
I like freemont street. My daughter enjoys the music and light shows.  When she is with us we leave by 10pm.  When she is not with us we stroll around and enjoy the later stages shows and cheap drinks.  Some nights/holidays are better then others to people watch.  . This is a tip for the drunk non locals... there are two streets where you have to wait for the cross walk before you can cross because of car traffic so be careful you are amuzing to watch as you yell at cars for almost running your ass over because you're in the wrong for walking into oncoming traffic.
I love the Freemont Street Experience - the WHOLE experience!. Yes people are working in costume for tips, yes you might have to walk a bit and/or pay for parking if you are not staying in one of the nearest hotels, yes there are shady characters downtown (if you are actually in the Freemont street experience though, you are always a few feet away from a casino with tons of people, not seriously dangerous), yes people will try to give you cards and sell you stuff... just like at parts of the strip. But I think I like downtown more than the strip. I know, I know. I sound like a hipster. Oh well! . . I love the juxtaposition of the new with the old: the old facades of what used to be the main Vegas strip, connected by the modern canopy. Downtown is easier to Casino and/or bar hop, food is cheaper, it's more casual, people-watching is more interesting and there's always something going on - plenty of free entertainment while walking around under the canopy of the Freemont Street Experience. . . The canopy is really cool. It's basically a giant screen that displays lights/images/graphics/video. The music is loud but it's only annoying if you are in a horrible mood or just super up tight. It's Vegas!
the other side of vegas! free activity at vegas... must go at night!
Free rock concerts!  What could be better:)
I always enjoy Fremont.  It's a nice change up from the strip.  Everything is in close proximity.  They offer some good restaurants, casinos and entertainment! Yes...  I would say sometimes it's like the Jerry Springer show walking around down there.  But isn't that good entertainment??! The giant overhead screen that spans a few blocks is a must see.  They play a different song at the top of the hour with the video playing.  During that time they also shut off the outside casino lights to make the show that much more impressive.   My favorite one is Queen~ We Will Rock You/We Are the Champions.  It's awesome.  . . They also have the zip line over Fremont.  It's something neat to do but I usually see the longer lines at night.  I have seen a few people stop short of the end (which is pretty funny).  One of the guys has to hook himself up on the line and go get the zip liner.  Again... entertaining! . . On the weekend there are live bands on 2 or 3 different stages depending on the night.  Some good, some not so good but everyone is having a good time to the tunes.  . . We always seem to have a fun time down on Fremont.  Let's just say the Freaks come out at night!
This place improves, if not, saves lives.. . Fremont Street is akin to a suicide prevention hot line.. . Women with low self esteem and body dysmorphia will feel like Monica Bellucci after witnessing women with massive back boobs and an even more impressive tooth dancing to Tom Petty.. . Ox tail soup at The Cal will listen to you as you slurp it and nurture the decision you made...that going in raw dog was the right thing to do.. . I was walking, minding my own business...lamenting my sure fire scheme to get rich on the Crazy for Poker table when my nose started to bleed and I plugged it with a wad of TP.  There I was...standing amongst the hordes of less attractive people with a wad of TP up my nostril.  No one laughed.  No one stopped and stared.  I belonged.. . With a new found confidence, I sat down at another Crazy for Poker table.  I reeled out a fat pimp stack all the while with what was basically a tampon shoved up my nose...like a boss.  . . Despite all its Mother Theresa-like qualities, there's a shit-ton of fuckery going on there that I can get down with.  Ya dig?
From 7pm to midnight , and til 1am on weekends, there is an hourly show broadcast on the canopy that covers the pedestrian-only street.   In summer months, it may not start until 8pm, because they wait for it to be thoroughly dark (heat might be an issue as well).  The schedule can be pre-empted by special events.  A slight negative is that there is almost no seating, you have to stand and watch the show.  And there is little variety, if you see an 8pm show one night, the show at 8pm the next night is 98% likely to be exactly the same.. . The resolution of the images is a bit behind the times - the canopy was last upgraded in 2005 or so, another update would be helpful - but it's impressive nonetheless.  . . If you want to get very good food without breaking the budget, there are several hotels on Fremont which will feed you well for not much money.  Value wise, I like the lunch buffets, which generally run from about 11am to 3pm.   Be sure to join the frequent gamblers club before dining, the food deals are often even better for club members.  I am partial to the buffet inside the Fremont Hotel (Paradise Buffet).  Inside the Four Queens, Magnolia's Veranda is very good (table service, not a buffet).. . The street itself, yeah, it's a magnet for all comers.  DT Vegas has some of the cheapest hotels around, meaning some people who look like bums and complete misfits are in reality low brow guests and scraping-by residents.  Re: drunk people complaints ... seriously, if drunk people offend you, why are you in Vegas? . . And yes, there is some crime, I strongly recommend women leave their purses in their rooms if they are gonna be out late.  Guys should keep their keys, ID and cash in the front pockets of their jeans/shorts.. . There are generally a couple different stages of live music, one country-ish, and one rock-ish.  It's cover bands, but good cover bands.. . I'll give you the usual Vegas advice of always asking how much a drink costs before ordering.  And don't buy a crushed ice margarita in a really big funny shaped container, for a whole bunch of reasons (reason 1, how often do you think they empty and clean out the machines that dispense said drink?).  . . If you are staying at one of the nearby hotels, you can easily bring a drink with you to the street, as long as it is not glass, and not overtly liquor.  Most of the casinos are pretty easy going about you bringing a drink in with you, especially if you look semi-washed and presentable.
The people watching was so much fun. The staff at most businesses  were very friendly and could answer most any question we had about Fremont Street and  Las Vegas. . . The facial cream people need to back off and quit trying to pull women into their shop despite the many times they hear the words "No thank you!" I found myself having to walk on the opposite side of the street to avoid these pushy people. No once, listen; no twice, I'm going to yell; no three times, people need to involve security. . . Speaking of security: they need more. Too many people having to rush through and not enjoy the entertainment because they are constantly being approached by beggars. A few, fine. Every few minutes, not fine. . . Needs to be an enforced agerestriction. So many tourist parents there late at night with school aged and younger kids watching these scantilly clad women and men causes many of us to feel very uncomfortable.
I did both The Strip and Fremont Street during my stay.. . Fremont Street reminded me of AC-the type of place to people watch with a degree of unseemliness. Actors walk around in costumes ala LA posing for photos. There's dancers dancing provocatively on a stage. . . Theres a show every hour at night. I always thought the show was a light show, visual show spectacular. Turns out the nightly show is a music video being shown on the canopy. Sorta blah to me.. . It was worth a visit at least once.
Really cool place..minus the thugs and beggars..cheap beer,cheap gambling and food..a okay..careful at night,its downtown,other then that is a good place.
This place is INSANE!!!!!  I absolutely LOVED it and everyone who goes to Vegas MUST go there.  There are people everywhere, a live band, the video on the ceiling, actors in costume and just plain FUN!  I didn't see the zip lining when I was there and I was bummed about that because I did want to experience that.  Beware that the later it gets, the drunker it gets.  Keep everything where you can see it so you don't get pick pocketed and just know that you will experience what you will.. If you don't go, you're missing outon an experience.  I like the strip at night but I'm not a "pay $1200.00 for 2 bottles for bottle service" kind of gal and this was GREAT for 1 night of FUN!  Just plain COOL!  GO!
This was one of my fave places to visit while I was in Vegas: drinks are cheap, souvenirs are cheap, food is cheap....need I say more?. . Between the casinos lining the sides and the drink vendors beckoning, what is there not to like about Freemont? The price tag is way less than the strip so you can do way more with the money you have! The souvenir shops were way cheaper as well (we bought an ash tray for my grandfather on the strip for $8 and found the same there for 99 cents!). . They also have a canopy show which is pretty awesome as well as ziplining (which was closed while I was there, so disappointing)
This was our first time staying here and it was a blast! We went on Halloween and we are looking forward to going back. It is much different than "the strip" but we really liked the street party atmosphere.
Downtown Vegas is where it's at!. . After the mega-casinos on The Strip lured most of the tourism away from the downtown area, something was needed to bring the masses (and their money) back-- and the Fremont Street Experience was born.  Several blocks of the street have been converted to a pedestrian-only thoroughfare of lights, music, and mayhem.. . The highlight of the "Experience" is the 10 minute long (or so?) show on the massive overhead screen with music pumped throughout the space.  The neon signs and flashing lights of the casinos lining the street are shut off while the show is going on, but the hubbub of the crowd going about their own 'Las Vegas Experiences' continues unabated.  There are also a couple of live music stages and a ton of street performers here.. . From my own experience at the Experience, I found the vibe downtown to be a lot more lively and fun than on The Strip-- and cheaper, too.  I also like that the casinos here are smaller, older, and grittier than their colossal counterparts on Las Vegas Blvd.. . Naturally, this never ending party is one fueled by alcohol.  From what I've heard, the "open container law" on alcohol IS strictly enforced throughout most of the City of Las Vegas-- but the pedestrian-only covered area of Fremont Street is a glaring exception to the rule.  There are even several walk-up bars located right on the street!
Please people do NOT bring your babies out here!  . . I have to go to Vegas regularly for work and have to stay downtown so I have spent a lot of time by default down here. I love the FSE because it is free, vibrant and loud. The scenery is ever changing and you can drink openly. In fact those giant football cocktail slushies remind me of New Orleans (with less brick). . . You can have your picture taken with Elvis, Kiss, a handsome man in a g-string and some other people so bizarre they defy description. But like every place where drunken revelers gather, there is a lot of smoke, vomit, urine and all manner of incredibly lewd behavior. . . The bands are great (especially enjoyed Loveshack) and play free all night long but the bands are LOUD. Think about how that sounds to delicate baby ears asleep in the stroller. It always bothers me to see parents pushing little ones through this melee. Last night I saw one drinking Jack right out of a bottle positioned in the stroller next to the pacifiers. Really?  Really this isn't an experience for the young 'uns. Please get a babysitter. Your children will thank you.
Old Vegas. Big history. $2 beer. The only place a know that still has money dropping out of the machine when you win. Many street performers. Street people. It is not for everybody. If street people bother you I wouldn't go. Not the nicest place or cleanest. If that bothers you I wouldn't go. Old school casinos. I wouldn't stay here but I like going every time im in vegas, especially with some one who hasn't been before. I definitely recommend you go to the golden nugget at look at the aquarium they have there. It looks great. Also try to park at the golden nugget. It looks a little better than the rest of the parking areas.
They air condition the outside. The. Outside.. . This is either the most amazing human accomplishment, or a sure sign of the coming apocalypse.. . After enough of both the abundant frozen daiquiris and man candy on display, you really won't care which it is. Science! Doom! Daiquiri!
I haven't been to the FSE since 12/11, and I'm glad I got the chance to come back.  . Even though the rain and cold kept a lot of people away, you could tell that traffic was starting to build by the time we left at 10 pm.. That's right, the party was just starting to kick up at 10:PM!. This is truly a one of a kind place. A large screen TV over head plays about 9 minutes of music once an hour - this time around it's HEART, and I couldn't have been happier, I LOVE HEART.  You'll see a lot of "street performers" who are dressed in costume, who are happy to pose in photos (With your camera) for a tip.  This is how they make their living folks!   . There are Spray paint artists, and homeless beggars, as well as "cross dressers" in knee high boots that are looking for a way to make a buck. It's a veritable cross section of 'Merica!  . Businesses align the walk way, specialty sellers that include  a place selling frozen daqueries, socks for $10 a pair, sparkly jewelry, and lord knows what else, it's a mega mall of the best people watching I've ever seen. . . One quick tip?  When the video show goes on, keep your valuables close. If you're being distracted, that's when the pick pockets come out and take advantage of you.
Love this place there is so much going on. Street magicians and shows you can enjoy and be amazed by. It is best at night time when all the lights are lit and the place is much more lively. I went during the day and it was still amazing but not so lively. I guess if you want to beat the crowd then I would definitely go during the day time. . . The only reason that I gave a four was that there was no zipline available for the time I went. Other than that it is a fun place with lots and lots to do and see.
If you have only been to the strip your missing out. Downtown freemont experience is the place to be now. For tourist AND locals. The D, Las Vegas Club and the Golden nugget are some of the best casinos downtown with super friendly dealers :) there's so much to to from fine dining to concerts to show and gambling and entertainment and shopping and dancing at clubs :) to bar hoping and video games :) it's the place to be for sure.
