EDIT - this place has been really inconsistent - --------------------. . Didn't think I'd ever give an AYCE Sushi place 5 stars till now. . . The sushi here was really fresh.  I was really pleased with the salmon belly, yellowtail, big eye tuna, super white tuna, mackeral,sweet shrimp, and much more.  The fish to rice ratio was spot on and it just tasted of a better grade compared to all the other AYCE's.. . In addition to the nigiri, we got the grilled pork belly (think we got 6-7 orders total between 3 of us), grilled vegetables, spicy tuna on crips rice, and much more.. . Definitely order the specials off the chalk board - some of them have limits of 1 per person.  No toro the day we went.  Also, go after 11pm to get Shoyu Ramen.  It is the same as Monta.  . . The atmosphere is probably the nicest of any AYCE.  As stated, they are in the Monta Ramen family, so I am hopeful the sushi quality and consistency will remain.  . . I've tried over a dozen AYCE sushi places in Vegas.  Please - if you know of any better, message me.  Unitl, then I will be coming back here with my stamp card.  9 more till the freebie!
Finally went here after reading reviews and a friend telling us about it. I am sad to hear the two Sushimon's are not related ( only because of my stamp card at Sushimon on Sahara and I wish I could use it at here or Sushimon Maryland). Sahara Sushimon has really gone downhill so we tried Goyemon. We sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef was very friendly and attentive. I noticed when sitting at the bar at any other AYCE sushi (specifically Hikari- you need to scream your order and get his attention). Here-he asked us what we wanted very often and I did not even have to try to get his attention. It was really amazing service. The green tea creme brulee stands out to me and the spicy tuna on crispy rice. I love how you get a small amount of rice with nigiri. Everything tasted fresh and came out very fast. . . My biggest disappointments: sashimi salad-I am a big sashimi salad fan and their sashimi is truly disgusting. I think it has ponzu on it (gag). I could barely eat it. That being said the best sashimi salad I have ever had in Vegas is at I Love Sushi. Now that has homemade dressing on top. . . Cold grilled tofu salad-that dressing is gross. I could not finish the salad. . . It's sad because I love tofu and sashimi and it sucks the dressing on both ruined the salad. . . Otherwise, loved it and will probably be back for the other items!
I absolutely love all you can eat sushi so when I heard about this place opening up from an ad posted inside of Monta Noodle House, I was like "I'm so there!" Not to mention the fact that it's a sister restaurant to one of my personal favorites, Sushi-Mon.. . This place should actually be five stars considering everything that they have to offer and the fact that every single bit of it is absolutely delicious but I gave it four mainly due to the fact that I thought it was going to be a new sushi experience when it actually wasn't. They pretty much have exactly the same menu from Sushi-Mon plus a bit more so I was kind of disappointed that it was just Sushi-Mon 2.0. . That little fact shouldn't discourage you from going to eat here though. As I previously stated, the food is fantastic. From the nigiri to the specialty rolls, all the way down to the sides and dessert, this place knows how to bring their A game.. . If you're looking for a good sushi experience, Goyemon is an excellent place to start.. . It's like 10 minutes off the strip so if you're an out of towner, this place isn't too much of a hassle to get to, although when I went there was a wait time so I would suggest calling ahead. Not sure if they do reservations but it wouldn't hurt to ask right?
Great new AYCE sushi restaurant with some nice additions you don't get in the other AYCE places.   Small restaurant but did not feel rushed by the servers.  Service was great.  Uni and sweet shrimp was really fresh.  Too bad only one order per customer, but lucky for me my dinner companion is allergic.  Will definitely be back.  . . Too bad they don't have the plum ice cream served at Sushi Mon on Sahara!  Looked everywhere for that plum ice cream and cannot buy it anywhere!!!
After reading many reviews on Yelp and my like of Sushimon we decided to try this sushi place a few days ago.  I enjoyed the pork belly, good flavor. Also, the fish tasted fresh and I appreciated that they didn't put large mounds of rice as many of the other AYCE places seem to. I generally like just sushi but they appeared to have a variety of rolls and a lot of california rolls for people who prefer to not eat the fish I enjoyed the Green Tea Creme Brulee and would get that again. I didn't catch our sushi chef's name but I would go back to him, he was quite but very attentive and quick. I didn't enjoy some of the loud and obnoxious patrons however that is not the fault of the restaurant. . . Overall, if I was in the area I would go back.
Overall, one of the best AYCE sushi joints in Vegas, but disappointed that they didn't have Kobe beef and toro available for us as stated in other yelp reviews.  The quality of fish was what you'd expect for ayce, although there was a huge difference between our orders of hamachi nigiri.  First order was of high quality--nice white, fatty slices with little blood line.  So good I wanted more, but the secound round was rather poor quality--fish was breaking apart like venetian blinds, little fat content and had a large amount of the dark red bloodline. MEH.  I must say their uni and amaebi were both very fresh though. The pork is tasty--simmered for a while till it's melt-in-your-mouth, similar texture to the pork you'd find in a good ramen place.  The spicy tuna on crispy rice was good if you like yaki-onigiri, if you don't then don't get this since it is more rice than fish.  Special rolls we ordered were nothing special, dessert was nice with the green tea creme brulee & green tea ice cream.  Our server was nice, but not very attentive--we had to wait 15 minutes after our first order to put in the 2nd, even with me constantly trying to make eye contact with her.  Are you trained this way to make us full faster????. . Overall, "this sushi-mon #2" is a nice addition to our ayce sushi choices here in vegas. If not for a disappointing round 2 of hamachi, so-so service and lack of 2 special items that made me want to try this place, it would have gotten 5 stars.
My review is 4.5 stars.  I still like Sin City better, but there are alot of things to love about Sushi House Goyemon.  Hence the incredible Yelp! reviews for this place.  I would definitely visit this place again.    . . We sat at the bar.  It was very busy on a Thursday night but there were two open seats, so no wait! Score!  At first, I was a little confused by the AYCE menu and no one explained it right away.  Eventually, one of the sushi chefs explained how it works.  . . Typically, I eat special rolls and very little nigiri, but not this night.  With the exception of a few things we chose to order, the chefs fed us their picks.  We had a ton of nigiri.  Everything was really fresh and tasty, particularly the mackeral. The big eye tuna was really good too.. . I tried everything Yelpers suggested.  This was my first time having Fried Pork Belly.  Holy crap!  Where have you been all my life?!  Unbelievably good.  A nice layer of charred fat and the mango salsa that accompanies it was the right amount of sweet.  Honestly, everything we tried was good, with one exception:  No matter how much you think you like spicy DO NOT ORDER THE 911 ROLL!  My mouth is still burning!  Thankfully, they offer $13 pitchers of Sapporo to help with the sting.
I liked this place a lot.  It's close to home and not to pricey.  They ahve some really cheap liquor to.  The greentini's are 5 dollars each and 2 gets you buzzed pretty fast.  I always sat at the bar and it was a blast.   I guess my only complaint is that theres not much more room for seating at a table or something like that.
My first night in vegas and I stopped by decided to try this place out since it came so highly reviewed. . . Our flight landed around 9pm and by the time we got settled in to the hotel it was closer to midnight. Thank god this is Vegas and not back home, where all the restaurant would have been closed!. . I really liked the atmosphere of the place, nothing too fancy but not a run down place. The food was good, the prices were alot better than back home. My partner & I shared the Sashimi platter both times we were there and the first time was amazing! The second time was a miss, dont really know why. It was as if the freshness was not all there. . . I would definitely come back, and I will!
Ah, the infamous Sushi House Goyemon! Thank you Nelson Q. for convincing me to try this place. I've told myself I wouldn't eat sushi elsewhere since I am a huge fan of Sushi Mon. But somehow I found myself walking into unfamiliar territory on Sunday. My first thought walking towards the door was, "damn this place has a butt load of people waiting outside." Translation: " damn I have to wait a long ass time to eat." Fortunately, I was wrong. We were greeted by a nice hostess and were seated at the bar right away. The bar is pretty small compared to SM but I loved how spacious it was as far as food space go. As I looked around, I noticed that they offered more specials, but was disappointed to find out they didn't have toro!(nigiri) But no biggie, there were other great things to choose from.. . The Rundown:. Seared salmon/tuna- I love how they put less rice and more fish on these nigiris; fish was fresh, fat, and tasty! . Nigitoro- Honestly, not at all a big fan even though it was toro. The texture of scraped fish meat was too much for me.BUT the guy loved it. And was one of his favorites.. Shrimp shumais- i had a party in my mouth.. Gyoza- "oh yah thats what's up," says the guy. EeL- I had a fiesta in my mouth.. Super white- It really was super(b). Spicy shrimp yum yum roll- it wasn't as yum yum as it should be. It was lacking a little bit of flavor..BUT it was real spicy and THATs how it should be. . Baked mussels- It was ok, not a big fan of it here.. Green tea creme brulee- The guy really liked it, it was alright for me.. Tofu cheesecake- for a TOFU cheesecake, it wasn't bad at all. Good job to whoever thought of creating this.. Service- Uh I should've left more than the 21 percent because damn they're good. Hiro was real friendly and attentive. . . So why the star deduction? Actually I gave them 4.5 . Minus half a star because one: they didn't have the yellowtail collar and it's one of my favorite dishes. Two: the only hand roll that I really love (shrimp yum yum) was lacking flavor. Three: even though nigitoro is still toro, I still wasn't a big fan of it. I was really looking forward to eating toro and was a wee disappointed that they didn't have it. . In the end, everyone was happy. Hiro(sushi chef) became our hero and once again, satisfaction kicked in. I'm also delighted to know that they don't limit the orders on the specials. Definitely will be coming back in the near future. Actually, already have plans to come in with some peeps this weekend. Oh yah!
We came here to see for ourselves , what all the hype was about.  .      It was an early dinner on a Thursday, restaurant just opened , but filled up quickly. .     The food- grilled pork belly pretty good  .  We had the nigiri- salmon, halibut,Japanese snapper, tai snapper, maguro , toro, Cajun salmon and ama ebi amazing how everything was so fresh, I don't think I have had that kind of quality fish in Las Vegas . .      We also had a few rolls I can't remember most of the rolls , I just remember it was all very good ..     The service was the reason I took off a star , we did not get couple of our orders even after reminding her , and she saying it was coming right up. Yeah right! .       Overall very good, even though I'm not a big fan of ayce with hour time limit always feel rushed.
Dinner AYCE is $26.95. This wouldn't be my favorite sushi joint, but I do like that it's closer than Sushi Twister and I like their neat little random things. Especially their different stuff like their desserts and small salads and such. It just seems unique. Quality isn't as great as Twister, but yeah. I'd definitely come here when I'm craving sushi especially since it's closer.. . Service was okay-good. There were a lot of busers so our plates and stuff were cleared fast. It was a Thursday evening (around 6pm-ish) but it got pretty packed after we were there for an hour or more. When my waitress knew that I really liked salmon she suggested special salmon stuff (Cajun Salmon) so that was cool.. . If you like creme brulee they have green tea flavored. Get it if you like green tea.
Second visit.  Waited 30 minutes for a table for two at around 11pm.  Still glad we waited.  Service was great again.  Learned we can ask for the head of our sweet shrimp deep fried so we could nibble on it too.  Everything was fresh again.  Love the uni (so fresh) and lucked out since my companion wouldn't try it - no problem - more for me!  Everything else was great, just like my first visit.  Really enjoyed the green tea cake - not too sweet so it was the perfect end to the meal that left my tummy too full.
I've been to many all you can eat sushi's, and by far this was a great experience. I loved the bar like atmosphere, and small exclusive feeling. Only downside were their rolls which I knew after inspecting were a death trick when it comes to all you can eat. Massive amounts of fake crab meat and rice to help fill the empty void I created through starvation all day.  However everything else besides the rolls, sushi wise, were worth ordering... Shrimp tampura on the other hand was extremely salty.
Love this place! Always consistent. Chefs are always friendly, food quality is great, and they make everything so quick! I also enjoy Sushi Mon, but this place has newer items and the decor is much nicer. You have to try the ecstasy roll, garlic tuna, super white tuna and grilled pork belly! They tend to have some great specials, as well. Love when they have Toro--one of my favorites! Haven't been here late enough to try the ramen, yet, but looking forward to it! Well done, guys!
My husband & I were headed to the Streats event last night when it started pouring over the entire city, so we made a detour to Sushi House Goyemon based on the sudden craving for sushi and it's amazing Yelp reviews. We arrived close to 10PM and the wait was 30 minutes. Luckily, we weren't starving so we enjoyed the outside waiting area on a relatively nice night.. . Once we sat down and looked at the AYCE menu, our minds were blown. There are well over 100 items available with every nagiri and specialty roll you can imagine. My favorites were the uni (so fresh, sweet, creamy, and beautiful), super white tuna (I felt like the heat of my mouth made the fish melt), sexy girl, crispy rice, and green tea creme brulee. . . The sushi places I'm used to eating at typically pour a lot of eel/yum yum sauce on everything so I thought that the tiger roll and 911 roll were a bit dry. The 911 roll is no joke. I can stand a lot of spice and my husband could only manage one piece, so I had to polish that dish off by myself. My eyes were slightly watering by my last piece. . . This is my new go-to AYCE sushi joint with it's expansive menu, fresh fish, nice decor, and good service.
This place is quite yummy me and boyfriend love trying different all you can eat sushi places and I got to say this is one we will go back again. . . The pros for the place where:. -the pork belly was yummy melt in your mouth tenderness. - all you can eat dessert (a lot of the other places are like limit 3). -TOFU cheesecake!. -attentive wait staff. . the cons:. -the pork belly was sometimes a Lil cold in the middle. -not enough chairs
The All you can eat is a great idea, they will give you half rolls so you can try a lot of different stuff, and the pork belly I could eat a lot of these.  The dessert choices were excellent too.
This place is great and all you can eat for $26 how can you beat that, pork belly was awesome way better than morimotos napa, for a lot cheaper, if u come to Vegas this place is a must try. Their stuff is very friendly too
Desperate to find great sushi off the Strip, we yelped and found Goyemon. Knew we were in the right place when we saw 75/% of the people in there were Japanese. Delicious, superfresh, good portions, nice ambiance. Lovely place to get your sushi on a realistic prices in Vegas.
This place has so much potential and would definitely get 5 stars if it wasn't for the average service and shortage of servers and sushi chefs.. . I was in Vegas with my family plus family friends about 3weeks ago. My dad had wanted to try this one sushi place my aunt recommended. After searching through Yelp, we decided to go Sushi House Goyemon instead of our original dinner plans because of the high rating on Yelp. . . Since we had a larger party (about 15 people), we waited a little bit over 30 min. Most of us did the AYCE which was $26.95/person (no discounted price for children). The menu is HUGE! They had so many appetizers, salads, rolls, sashimi, and desserts to choose from on the AYCE menu. I was impressed and wish I could have tried them all. They had a lot of items that I usually only see on the regular menus that are not for AYCE. Since it was a while ago that I went, I can't remember them all... but some that popped out were grilled yellowtail collarbone, cold tofu, wakame (seaweed salad), green tea creme brulee... just to name a few. The sashimi was so fresh!! DROOOOOL! it makes me hungry just to think about it! hahaha. . Although the food selection was great, the service was so so slooooooooow. Half of my party got full just from waiting for the rest of their food to come out and ended up not eating that much. It seemed like they forgot some of our food so we would ask them to check up on it. As a result, we got double of our order, which is a plus except when you don't feel like an having an excessive amount of the same thing. There were 4 servers the night I came, but only two sushi chefs for a full house?? The delicious desserts kind of helped compensate for the wait and they let us stay longer than the 1 hour maximum sit time.  I would try this place again but with a smaller party.
Another great restaurant by the creators of Monta. This place doesn't open until 5. Makes the place seem a little more exclusive. Dont you think? I had high expectations for Goyemon and they did not disappoint.I was pleasantly surprised to find that its actually a very nice sit-down restaurant. A little classier than most hole-in-the-wall sushi joints.. . NIGIRI: They served large, dense cuts of fish of the freshest quality on their nigiri sushi. Good fish/rice ratio.. . ROLLS: They do half-rolls! Take advantage of this luxury! . . SIDE DISHES: I'm addicted to the baked mussels. Unfortunately, the only reason Goyemon isn't 5 Stars is because of the poorly made mussels. Not enough sauce and not enough flavor. The mussels are usually a bit fishy as well. :( Be sure to try the salmon collar, melt-in-your-mouth pork belly, & the tuna rice cracker. . . DESSERT: Goyemon has the best dessert selection out of all the sushi joints in Las Vegas. I had the tofu cheesecake and my friend, the tempura ice cream. You know how most places put a limit on just 1 dessert? Goyemon will give you as many as your heart desires.. . TIP: Be sure to show up early! Gets crowded very quickly! Call 1 week in advance to book the party room if you have a group of 10+ They have a private tatami room.
Usually go to sushimon (the sister restaurant) but decided to give this one a chance, they have ramen with their AYCE and tuna cracker appetizers (spicy tuna on crisp rice) but food tooka little long to come out and they forgot a few of our orders. I'll definitely come back, but will stick to being loyal to sushimon.
Good food and good service.  You'll get full and enjoy the food. It's nothing to be wow about.  I'll definitely go back again.
Every time I've been here it's always been busy even at 5 which is when they open. I always sit at the sushi bar, it has the best & fastest service. I've been here about 4 times now and it kills me that I don't remember the sushi chefs' names but my favorites are the hispanic chef and the Hawaiianchef! They always remember & take care of me and are so helpful. . . I pretty much only eat nigiri on my AYCE adventures so I can't really comment on any of the rolls. All of the fish are always fresh & delicious and the great thing is that they don't pack on the rice! . I'm not a huge fan of the pork belly side dish but the hamachi kama is a winner! They also have Monta ramen available but trust you don't want to be filling up on noodles when there's sushi to be eaten lol Make sure to always check their Specials board for what's hot on the menu for that day! . . They have a really good dessert menu and you can sample each one! My favorite is the lychee sorbet, simple yet refreshing and it satisfies my sweet tooth! . . I love this place because it's clean, the quality is great and the service is amazing! So be sure to take care of your sushi chefs and servers! . . Also make sure to get a stamp card because at $26.95 you want to get ALL your money's worth ;)
For what this is - an AYCE restaurant - we giveGoyemon four stars.. . My only disappointment was that some items were unavailable (e.g. yellowtail collar) and presentation was messy at times. If you have a dish with only one piece of fish, I think you should make it look good. But then again, this isn't Raku.... . We thought the nigiri was fine, but not the greatest quality - there was also a point when our second round of tuna and yellowtail nigiri tasted very "fishy." Our happiness factor went mostly to the cold tofu and other grilled specials. Also, the desserts were great and UNIQUE. Most AYCEs serve the standard mochi/ice cream (not that it's not delicious). We enjoyed our plum wine jello and green tea creme brulee.. . The ambiance and decor were A+. The restaurant had a good vibe, chill music, and attentive service. We were happy to be served quickly; our rolls were never more than five minutes away.. . If anything, Goyemon must be visited simply because it's like the prettier sister of other AYCEs.
Recommended by a Vegas Local, for a AYCE sushi place, it's the best I've had. Though a bit more expensive than I'm use to for a buffet (~$26 a person), the sushi was tasted fresh.   They do limit you (not sure if the limit is 1 or 2, don't remember) on Uni Nigiri sushi and Sweet Shrimp.  They did not charge me extra for requesting a Quail egg on top of Masago and Tobiko Sushi.
All you can eat sushi may make most people think of sub-par sushi rolls. But this place really delivers! My husband and I were in Vegas for our Honeymoon and decided to give it a try..   I'd definitely go again if I ever find myself in Vegas. For $26 how can you go wrong?
Freshness of fish is there; but the quality of sushi is not quite there.. The rice shouldn't be breaking apart when you pick it up with fork or fingers.  Their special was the toro when I went... but it definitely wasn't the real thing.  It was chopped and stuffed as a maki roll, but was definitely mixed or wasn't the real thing. However, I give it 4 stars for the service from the kitchen.  Very good meal for the price. I would start with this place before Yama.
This is not your typical AYCE Sushi/Japanese restaurant (or at least in my experience, no self serve buffet lines!).  . . You order off the menu if you go with the AYCE option and there is a lot of menu to go thru.  Other reviewers have gone over items and the great choices.  I've had the chance to go thru about 1/2 the menu (we were a party of 8) and everything was well prepared.  In my last two visits the shari was well prepared and held up to chopsticks and dipping in soy sauce.  However the cooking technique in general is solid and the ingredients quality.. . Be prepared for a wait as it can be quite busy.  This has become one of company must do's when in LV for events.
Here's the deal:. . $26.95 per person for all you can eat sushi.  It's not one of those typical crappy AYCE places, either.  There's 2 menus full of sushi, apps, salads, skewers, rolls and desserts that you can order from.  Get the super white tuna sushi!  I had the waiter bring me 4 orders. I wouldn't fill up on rolls, stick to sushi/sashimi to get your monies worth.
Go here, eat, drink and be merry.. Service was amazing.. Food was outstanding.. Price was right.. I will be returning for sure.
I was invited to eat out by several of my co-workers, all who of which are Japanese.  I first asked if they had eaten at Goyemon prior to our visit, which they confirmed that they had, multiple times.  So that was my first indication that this place wouldn't be too shabby.. . We arrived at a modestly decorated space with a fifteen minute wait for six people at 1AM on a Friday night.  The interior has mood lighting, with a gorgeous, clean bathroom and an overall generic but pleasant decor.  . . To get a good sampling of what the restaurant offered, I decided to spend the 26.95 to get the AYCE which isn't just sushi, but included all kitchen food, entrees, and dessert.  That way, if the sushi was mediocre, I could pig out on entrees and kitchen food.  . . Thankfully, that was not the case as the sushi was pretty good.  I ended up eating a lot of the Americanized rolls which as a whole I generally don't care for, but every once in a while I do end up finding a roll that has a ton of goobledegook on it and enjoying it.  I for one like my sushi to be light and have a distinctly smooth taste to it.  So this place worked for me.  I had two orders of shumai (steamed/fried), gyoza, eight half orders of sushi, 1/2 order of ramen, and Green Tea Cake, the latter of which was my favorite part of the meal.  And yes, you read that prior part right: You can do half orders of sushi, which I loved, since this gave you the ability to a variety of sushi rather than get stuck with a roll that was so-so in your ranking.  . . In terms of sushi: Sexy Girl, Cynthia, and Dragon all stood out for me.  . . The only thing I really didn't care for was the service.  It started off fantastic.  Speedy, tons of refills on my iced green tea.  And then, towards the end, I was waiting and waiting and waiting to get a refill of water.  The staff was pleasant, and the food was good, very good for an AYCE.
It was really good, especially Unagi and Seared Salmon! Service is good, prompt and accurate. Mochi icecream for desert was delicious. Sushi-All-You-Can-Eat worth it! Please enjoy it!
Price is little higher than most AYCE sushi places around the valley, but well worth it!  Rice to fish ratio was just right.  Fish was fresh for AYCE.. . Service was little distant but it was ok.  . . Get there when they just open or after 8 if you don't want to wait.
I rolled in late night.. Honestly.. I didn't eat..lol.. but I drank and my friends were hitting the all u cant eat for.. some price.. the goods looked really good. they said it rocked and i was having a great time telling stories and drinking a few pitchers of some nice asian beers on tap.. very cool servers.. sushi chefs were lots of fun.. and the ford.. so i am told.. was really good.. so hit it up!
I have only been to Sushi House Goyemon for all you can eat, but it is fantastic!  I am usually skeptical of all you can eat sushi since often times the quality and selection will suffer.  This is absolutely not the case at Goyemon.. . Their nigiri menu is the typical selections, but they have a huge number of very inventive and tasty rolls.  Their version of the 911 roll is the spiciest I have had anywhere since they add habanero pepper as well as the typical chili sauce.. . Another pleasant surprise for their all you can eat menu is that there are items available from the grill.  I have had the grilled yellowtail and pork belly and both were very tasty.. . The service has always been good with multiple servers handling each table which makes it go much quicker with a large group doing AYCE.. . I try to show up before 6 since they get busy for dinner, even for weeknights.
Great food...very fresh. Small but quaint place with very reasonable prices. Interesting menu with great desserts  loved the deep fried california roll  They dont take reservations so if you go during prime dinner time, expect a bit of a wait.
If you love sushi mon, then you'll love this place. I mean damn. Now I know a lot of people who hate on sushi mon. They are the "any good sushi place worth a damn is not going to be all you can eat"...whatever, get your hoity toity ass out of here. If it's good to you it's good the theory is simple. Anyway, Goyemon, is Sushi Mon on steroids. They have the same rolls/dishes/nigiri, etc. but with several added new dishes, more individual sushi bar space and it definitely hits the late night spot especially since they don't close until 3am. Generally my visits go like this:.  Pork Belly with a little mango salsa on the side you say? Mmm yes please. I'll take 10 more plates. More Cajun albacore rolls...Um of course. Oh and what is this? All I can eat Tonkotsu Ramen after 11? Why no, no I don't mind going Kobayashi on this place. Wait? What?  No, I can't read so I don't know about any time limit on eating....love it
My favorite AYCE sushi restaurant. I would recommend to come early to avoid the long line.. . Since they told me that they will have Blue Fin Tuna Cutting Show on 10/21, I'll go there and have AYCE blue fin tuna & sake tasting because they are my favorites!
2 HOURS WAIT. Not a lot of tables, especially for large parties. We were staring down this couple with 2 kids, both under 6. My friend (a cop) kept going back & forth to the hostess like 4 times. "You're next, you're next." Sorry, but we were starving! (LOL!). . Why endure the ridiculous wait? Because of the all-you-can-eat-sushi for the ridiculous low price of $30/per person. . . Worth it? Yeah. Sushi: Good. Service: Fast. . . Strategy for next time: Arrive right when it opens. . Otherwise, bring a deck of cards in case you do have to wait....
Went on a Sunday. There weren't any tables, but plenty of room at the bar. My dining companion and I both got the AYCE, which I think is a steller price for the quality of food here. My dining companion knew one of the chefs and asked for an "omakase" -- whatever was good as picked by the chef. I'm not sure exactly all what we had, but wow it was good! They also have "side dishes" -- things like grilled pork belly and this really delicious rice cracker thing. This is definitly a place I would like to go to again.
I was there with some friends on blue fin tuna night last week and everyone had a blast. It was $25 per person for admission with all you can eat. There was one giant blue fin tuna weighted 300 pounds sitting on table. Sushi chef cut it into pieces in front of crowd and served as sashimi, There were sake tasting bar, beer open bar and live DJ. The tuna sashimi was so fresh and melt inside your mouth. And of course, the best part was "otoro"! It was the best worth $25 dollars I spent in sushi.
High Quality AYCE, or all you can eat, is the holy grail for food lovers.  Sushi House Goyemon, with it's top notch selection of nigiri, sushi rolls, and cooked platters is Vegas' answer to this call. . . We went on a weekday night and following Yelp advice arrived early.  Good thing too.  Even though it was a mid week dinner, the place filled to capacity and soon there were people waiting.. . We were lucky and snagged a seat at the sushi bar, where many regulars sit.  The nigiri comes out quickly and you can place orders directly with the sushi chef instead of flagging their busy wait staff. . . Nigiri - very good nigiri especially for AYCE. Highlights were bonito, the super white tuna, conch, uni, and amaebi.  Cons are that you are limited to only one order per person for uni and hotate.  Still though, loved the fresh cuts, minimal rice used (ie: no filler) and great selection.  Oahu's Hakone with unlimited toro, uni, and amaebi may rank higher but this place has good nigiri.  A steal. . . Sushi rolls - a variety of baked, fried, and fresh rolls are available and you can even order half orders.  Win. . . Cooked dishes - after hearing so much about the pork belly, I admit I was disappointed by that dish and the cooked dishes here.  No agedashi tofu, no chawan mushi, and they ran out of hamachi and salmon kama.  . . Appetizers - really enjoyed the seafood salad, poke tuna, and surf clam salad.  . . Overall, we had a great meal at Sushi Goyemon.  At $26.95, it's an incredible value if you love nigiri.  The izakaya dishes are lacking but the desserts were great.  . . Sushi House Goyemon accepts credit cards, including Amex.. . My Buffet Rankings:. . 1) Westin at the Bund, Shanghai - $60/person and an excellent selection of sashimi, seafood, roasted suckling pig and fresh hand tossed Chinese noodles.  . 2) Hakone - all-you-can eat toro, uni, kobe beef, and amaebi, $60/pp.  . . 3) Sushi House Goyemon - truly great nigiri, many great appetizers, and desserts and an unbelievable price, $26/pp. 4) Navio at The Ritz Carlton - only down a slot secondary to the astronomical price ($88/price) but made up for with a spectacular view, top notch service and great food.. 5) Bellagio, Las Vegas - congee, prime rib, shrimp/crab
I have tried both take-out and the AYCE.  Both were great and reasonably priced for the quality.  The fish was very fresh and the sushi chefs were entertaining and friendly.  I will definitely be going back to this little place.  Definitely worth a visit but plan carefully because there is usually a wait because the place is so small.
All you can eat sushi in Las Vegas... What are we getting ourselves into?  As it turns out, you can opt to pay a set price for a meal then order what you want from the set price menu. A few of the pricier items, such as uni, are limited to one order per person. Items include Nigeria sushi, rolls, salads, cooked items and more. The quality was excellent. The service fast and friendly.  Sit at the sushi bar and you may find the chef feeding you treats. And... Get the pork belly appetizer. I'll definitely come back here. Now open for lunch and stays open until 3 am.
Waited almost an hour for our table but it was definitely worth it! The AYCE selection is definitely different from the others that I've tried but in a good way. Must-trys would be: Yellowtail, Super White Tuna, Pork Belly, and Wonton Chips. I'm not a big fan of rolls but I did like the Baked 428. Two items I didn't like were the Orgasm Salad (lacked flavor) and the Dynamite (came out cold, didn't taste very good). When it was time for dessert I was already stuffed, but I was curious about the Lychee Sorbet. It was very sweet but other than that it was okay. Fulfilled my expectations of what a lychee sorbet would taste like.. . Overall, 4.5 stars! I will definitely be coming back here again.
First time we went there, we were sat on the bar so we got our sushi pretty fast. And the chef that was serving us was really friendly and welcomed us great. OF COURSE, WE GOT ALL YOU CAN EAT so it didnt matter how much sushi we got . and the chef was making us all kind of sushi :D it was great. we discovered sushis we didnt even know about and we eat sushi every month. BOMB, GREAT STAFF, and expect the noise. its a really small place so everything echos .
Goyemon is a delicious order-as-you-go all-you-can eat for $26.99 sushi house with sake flights (3 different sakes of your choice) for $8. One order is two pieces of sushi. . . That's the short version. Here's the longer version:. . My sisters, fiance and I went to try Goyemon. My fiance and I had been there previously. We have noticed that they really get packed every time and there is a momentary wait for a table. . . We really enjoyed our two experiences there. I took a star off specifically for their service. It is hit or miss with their service. They either accidentally overservice you or underservice you or some times bring food to the wrong table or bring you the wrong item. I'm sure in the future they will have a better protocol and perhaps create SECTIONS!. . However, their fish is extremely fresh, their waiters are truly friendly and the vibe matches its hype. They do not pack on tons of rice to their sushi to try and fill you up. They really seem to want you to try everything.. . Their desserts, such as the green tea creme brulee, are of utmost divinity. . . They also have cooked foods such as ramen and yellowtail collar (which they run out of very fast).. . There is one thing that I did not enjoy there. It's called the Screaming Orgasm. The tuna meat used in the tuna poke dish was fit for tar tar. It was a nice try to disguise leftover pieces of fish with the screaming orgasm sauce, but it was subpar for my taste.. . I would say for everything they have on the menu and to only have one small complaint is a huge feat. Good job, Goyemon, and "Go, Ye Mons" (in old English Jamaican accent) to Goyemon to enjoy their delicious sushi.
I've been to a lot of AYCE(All You Can Eat) spots in Vegas but Goyemon seems to take the cake. The place has a very cool  decor to it.  When you ask for AYCE they bring a menu specifically for that.Nothing highlighted or marked with an  asterisk like most places do. They have a very large selection of rolls and unique appetizers.  Last but not least if your a night owl this place stays open till 3am.
You would think that you should be physically and emotionally prepared for gastrointestinal armageddon when presented with all you can eat sushi in the middle of the desert, but not so!  Heck this place beats the socks off of some sushi places in San Francisco, but I digress.... . Overall, the sashimi was of pretty good quality all things considered.  They even have uni and amaebi (1 order per person) and it didn't suck!  Some of the rolls and nigiri were somewhat sloppily prepared, but then again, it's Las Vegas, not Japan, right?  What was also great was that they also had grilled pork belly and other dishes on the menu that were AYCE - not just sushi.   Service was great; our waitress was attentive and very friendly (and even encouraging us to order more).  Reservations are definitely needed for larger parties, but I'd make a reservation anyways to make sure you take full advantage of this diamond in the Las Vegas rough!!
I have returned to this sushi house again and again.  I usually don't like do all you can eat but this place is an exceptional.   The rolls aren't the best but very decent, the rice filling could be a little too thick but depends on who your sushi chef is.  I love the super white tuna.  The quality and freshness of the food is excellent.. . This place gets very busy, the longest wait I had was one hour, but it was worth it.  . . However, you gotta keep eating otherwise the hostess Maria will ask you to leave!. . The desserts are bit generic but included in the all you can eat.. . Overall, I give a 4 out of 5 for a satisfactory dinning experience.
I have to admit that this place is worth the hype. Now, I'm not a fan of AYCE dining in general, much less when there's raw fish involved.  However, if you're not a sushi snob (cause let's face it, if you're looking for bargain fish you ain't gettin unlimited A-grade stuff) and hate spending $18 per roll (I'm looking at you, Yellowtail @ Bellagio), then this may be the place for you. . . Take my advice and take a look at the pics on Yelp before you go so you have an idea of the first few things you'd like to try.  I didn't and went into panic mode when it came time to ordering.  Nothing's worse than sitting at the sushi bar and furiously scanning the double-sided menu and going, "....ummm....uh....er....." while the uber-busy sushi chef is waiting for you to respond.  I have to admit that after a while I just stuck to ordering whatever the stranger next to me ordered, cause he seemed like a regular. Thanks random stranger for not calling me out on copying your style!  You were right on point with the sashimi salad.
This place is great.  I love that they are open late, and the all you can eat deal is really worth it.  The sushi is good, the desserts are REALLY good, and the atmosphere is really casual and friendly.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
Like tons of yelpers have said this place gets packed and usually has a wait for a seat.. I went on Wed before Thanksgiving late night around 11pm and the place was packed. We waited around 30min to get seated at the sushi bar. The place is fairly small, I would say it holds around 50 people in the main area max.. . The selection of sushi was good and most of it was very fresh. For some reason the tuna didn't taste fresh to me. (or maybe it was just me). . . The sushi chefs were very friendly, Chef Hiro I believe who is the head chef was really nice to us and encouraged us to eat as much as we could. They were not strict on the 1 hour time limit which was really nice, you didn't have to rush. . . I ate ton of sushi but probably got filled on many of the appetizers that they offer. The pork belly everyone talks about is very good, melts in your mouth with flavor. I didn't really try any rolls since I prefer nigiri. The only roll I tried was a special of the day which was a spicy tuna roll with teri beef on top that was okay. The uni and quail egg was good, I was surprised by the quality of the uni they used since many all you can eat sushi bars use very low grade, you can tell by the color of the uni. Theirs was bright orange. I also like the fact that they do have real snow crab nigiri not the imitation stuff most places use.. . Overall my experience was very good and will definitely go again when in Vegas...The experience for dinner costed me about $35 plus which includes tip and tax for the all you can eat. The service was also very good.
Unlike my friend Aljamin who posted below, I had a great time at Sushi House Goyemon. I've had this place in my bookmarks since May but never had the time to actually go and try it out. This was my first visit and I ALWAYS judge the sushi on their tamago nigiri. It was HEAVENLY. I striked up a conversation with our waitress in Japanese and she explained to me that their tamago was made using a family recipe. She even gave me the option of just getting the tamago without rice. (Which I did and it was amazing!). . The sushi rolls were pretty good, it being my first time, I didn't really know what to get and had to check their website for picture references. I would have given this place a 5 star rating if the rolls didn't come out so slow, but I had a very pleasant experience!
4.5 stars. . Dined here for the first time tonight with the family, and I gotta say this place trumps sushi mon as the best AYCE sushi joint in Las Vegas. And that's saying a lot, because I've been been a big fan and a regular of Sushi Mon for the past six years. However, at the end of the night, I get a stamp card (buy 10 ACYEs and get one free), and it has Sushi Mon's  E. Sahara location on it as well. I came to the conclusion that Sushi House Goyemon has the same owner?. . I was impressed with the quality of the fish and the relatively small portion of rice that came with the nigiri. Many ACYE places give huge portions of rice and miniscule pieces of fish. I may be exaggerating a bit, but you know what i mean. The ploy of most of these places is to get you full quicker by giving you bigger chunks of rice. Not at Goyemon.. . Some of my highlights:. -Uni nigiri (very fresh). -Since I'm a huge fan of spicy tuna, I have to try every sushi joint's spicy tuna roll. The spicy tuna had a tarty/sour kick to it giving it a very exotic flavor, which I thoroughly enjoyed. -Crispy Rice Roll (Fried Cali Roll with spicy tuna on top drizzled with eel sauce and spicy mayo). - Seared tuna (perfectly seared and very fresh tuna). - Hirame sushi (delicate, melted in my mouth). - Green Tea Cake (creamy and not too sweet). - Lychee ice cream (Heaven). . I deducted 0.5 stars, because we had to wait about 15-20 minutes for the rest of our sushi and rolls to come out. However, the restaurant was packed, so it was understandable. Our waitress apologized to us several times. (She was also very nice and pretty :)
great price and taste
Been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. I recommend going for dinner because there are some items you can't order for lunch (especially the good stuff). The wait here is pretty long if you have a huge group. Their fish is really fresh and delicious.. . My top favorites:. . Pork Belly (sooo good! def have to order this). Grilled Salmon Collar. Yellowtail Collar. . Nigiri:. Super White Tuna. Salmon. Yellowtail. Albacore. Smelt Egg. Sweet Shrimp (you can only order this once. I def recommend asking them for the shrimp's fried heads!). Sea Urchin (you can only order this once as well). . Special Rolls:. Ecstacy Roll ;). Jala Jala. Hurricane. Frying Jason. *you can order half orders (4 pieces instead of 8) so you have room to try their other rolls.. . Dessert:. I usually just order all of their dessert. :p But my all time favorite is the Lychee Sorbet.. . This place would have to be my only favorite ayce sushi. Usually I would never go to an ayce sushi since most places would put a lot of rice...but not this place! :)
The quality of the fish is good, but the rice was a little dry and didn't have enough vinegar.  Our server Francisco was friendly and helpful, along with all the other staff who waited on us.  At the end of the meal, Francisco handed us a stamp card for AYCE sushi.  We will definitely be back!
As this is a sister restaurant to Monta, you could easily imagine that this place is legit Japanese and not some Korean/Chinese knock off.. . They have slightly more appetizers than most AYCE place and sushi is good for AYCE pricing, not great, but good and better than most AYCE for sure.  . . I went to a special blue fin tuna cutting event and ate a good amount of melt in your mouth toro as well as 20 kinds of sake for $15 or something ridiculously cheap.  That was a good night.  . . I would agree that this is one of the top AYCE sushi places in town.  The only downside is that this place gets pretty crowded with non-Japanese people who lack sushi eating manners who are too busy chatting, tweeting, facebooking and putz around forever.
Came here when it was fairly busy but the service was still fast and friendly. The price for all you can eat was standard. Their menu provided unique selections such as pork belly and shrimp heads in your miso soup. The super white tuna melts in your mouth.
How could I have missed reviewing Goyemon?!?!. . This place really is a secret hot spot. Definitely popular among the locals. It get packed, so arrive early and preferably during non rush hours. The wait can be killer. . . Goyemon has fresh sushi and great ingredients. Before eating at Goyemon, I was not a fan of Uni (sea urchin) because of the texture and flavor. Little did I know what great uni tasted like. I'm a believer. As far as their sushi goes, I'm a fan. . . I would recommend trying their all you can eat.Know what you want, don't be afraid to try their specials of the day. It's hard to go wrong at Goyemon. I haven't had a dish that I was not fond of. Pick what you like, highly likely you'll enjoy it.. . Be forewarned, their service can be a little on the slow side, but you can compensate for that by ordering a lot when they take your first order, that way you won't be like that Brian B. guy who left a stupid ass comment on this great sushi house. If I took 22 people to Sushi Sasabune, I would get horrible service too. Moron. Next time go to Todai or something.
I normally don't hand out 4 star reviews for Sushi in Vegas, but this place deserves it and here's why. 1. price was great, $26 for all you can eat including Uni and sweet shrimp is truly a bargain. Also compared to the costly Casino options this is a great deal. The service was very friendly and was a big help in offering options. The food was very good and why all the rolls weren't the best the majority of them were very good. If I had to rate the food it would be a 3.5 but the extras raise this up to a 4. Fish was fresh and they had a nice selection of Sake. We did have to wait an hour because it is a small place but it was worth the wait. I would suggest getting there early as all you can eaters can take up some time at the table. Also a short ride from the strip it makes it worth it. Looking forward to coming back.. . FYI- there's a great liquor store a few stores down in case your waiting. He has a nice selection of beers and we started with Sapporo.
Wait & Service: There's almost always a wait & the waiting area is quite small just like their other restaurant Monta. At least Goyemon has a sitting area outside too, unfortunately its Winter so its too cold to wait outside so most people kind of stand around watching people eat. The service is actually really good they take your order and bring them out in a fairly amount of time and they don't constantly bother you which is pretty good. . . Food: The Nigiri sushi here is the best part of this place, Big slices of raw fish with minimum rice. So you don't get full off the rice but also with the fish. That's pretty much all I order and the food comes out in a fairly good amount of time. The sides I usually order is Ahi poke and seaweed salad & I love the portions. The rolls, I'm not much of a roll person but my boyfriend is. I'm happy to say they serve HALF ROLLS, which work perfect for me because I get to taste a little bit of everything rather then getting full to 1 committed roll like other sushi locations. . . Seating & Design: Surprisingly this place is actually a pretty good looking place to have a date or impress a co-worker. The seating is okay most tables are at a decent distance from each other unless you got a 2 person table, which is exactly what I seated in. The 2 person table was kind of small, not enough room for my orders. Also to make matters worse, a family with a baby were at the table next to ours and their baby must've been super cranky because the baby kept on crying and countless times I had to get up and make room for the mother to get up and tend to her baby.. . Price: Pretty decent for your All You Can Eat. $21.95 for Lunch & $26.95 for dinner. Take my advise and do All You Can Eat. Its the only way you'll truly get your moneys worth.
In Cali, All you can eat sushi is often times plauged by fears of food poisning.. . But in Vegas, where competition is tough, food is first class, only greatness can be expected.. . . . Here are some highlights, keeping it short a simple:. 1. AYCE dinner price is $27.00. Its totally worth is considering the price and QUALITY of sushi they have. 2. They have many items, on the AYCE sushi menu, including specality rolls and lots of appetizers. Go for the Grilled Pork Belly. and mussels. You will not regret.. 3. They understand people's needs-- not a big eater/not hungry? you can order a la carte on the menu even if everyone else at your table it eating AYCE and you won't get charged,.unless if they see you sneaking food.. 4. waiting area is very small/non-existent.. 5. The establishment is quite small, but it refelcts the amount of man power they have to efficetivy pump out and serve up the sushi-- if you do'nt want to wait, then you should make reservations.. 6. punch card, for those of you who go to vegas a lot/ are locals.. 7. Nicely marbeled fish, and very tasty.. . beware of the older fish which they put lemon juice on it.
Man, I need to wear spanx or somethin super tight before I come here. I always eat way too much!. . Just an FYI: I only eat nigiri and appetizers. Rolls on rare occasions.. . The albacore, halibut, yellow tail, seared tuna, salmon, uni, and sweet shrimp - all of it was fresh and tongue tantalizing. But one nigiri was a big disappointment. The snow crab. Last time I was here, they used real crab meat but today they threw on super thinly shredded crab meat mixed with fish flakes/flavoring. I really wish they were honest and just told me that they were out of the snow crab and deterred me from ordering this blasphemous dish. Thus I detracted 1 star for today's snow crab nigiri debacle. . . Due to that disappointment, I had 2 desserts to make up for it. The Lychee Sorbet and Green Tea Cake with Sesame Cracker. The sorbet was refreshing, little icy but mainly creamy, and sweet. I'm definitely a fan. As for the cake, I really liked the strong matcha green tea flavor. The consistency of the cake was a bit dense so if they made it fluffier it'd balance out this dessert better. Don't get me wrong though, I ate everything and left no scraps! . . Anyway, I'm really glad I got my sushi fix. What shall I eat next?
We are definitely coming back here again!. . Despite an extra long wait (we were told 45 minutes and actually waited about an hour and 15), it was completely worth it!  If anything, the wait time is a testament to the quality and value of this place!  . . This ain't yo' regular AYCE sushi joint. Everything here was top notch -- fresh and flavorful. Save yourself the trouble from ordering the rolls (unless of course, that's your thing), go to town on the nigiri and grilled items. The blue and white menu,   though not a secret, is a hidden gem!  . . Hubby and I have talked about coming back to Vegas just to eat at this place. Seriously! Fredo, one of the sushi chefs, is super friendly too and will recommend the especially tasty items on the menu. We weren't lucky enough to get him, but heard him making recommendations to the diners next to us all night.. . A for sure spot the next time we are in Sin City!
Updated review: After my 4 star rating, I had to go here again & once again they didn't disappoint. . Sushi Roll: I'm not much of a roll person but I was with people who loved rolls and they decided to get the "Taylor roll" I wish I took a picture of this but its a deep fried roll of salmon and guacamole and cream cheese with yum yum sauce drizzled on top YUM! I also tried their new roll pink lady which was also delicious. . . Ice cream: Which is also on the AYCE menu, I usually get green tea ice cream and tempura ice cream but I must've been in an adventurous mood because I decided to get the lychee ice cream, first off I wasn't too sure how this was going to taste. I love lychee but lychee in ice cream form idk. But I absolutely loved it, it was very tasty. Goyemons the only Sushi restaurant in Vegas that I know that serves Lychee ice cream.. . The only reason it stays at a 4 for me is the wait time. The wait wouldn't be sooo bad if they had a bigger wait room, I noticed in the restaurant if they used their space smart they could've at least had 2 more tables put into their layout. The waiting area is kind of odd you kind of just stand on the wall as you watch people who are eating to be done.
Love the place :)). Green tea creme brulee was awesome..
The only reason why this place is not a 5-star is because I am a hard-ass critic when it comes to sushi, and it is extremely difficult to give any sushi place in the middle of the desert a flawless review.Let's face it.... the fish is just better and fresher in Cali or on the east coast..... . . HOWEVER, and here comes a HUGE 'however', one thing I can say for sure is that Goyemon is by far the best sushi place in all of Las Vegas. I've tried the places up and down Las Vegas Blvd., the local spots in the Chinatown area, and I've even tried several places that non-Asians say are so amazing in Henderson.... GOYEMON IS THE NUMBER ONE SUSHI HOUSE, trust me on this. Well don't trust only me, trust the other 256 reviews that say something similar ;). . . I wouldn't go with any other option than their generous all-you-can-eat specials, $27 per person for dinner, and this includes almost everything your sushi-loving heart desires. All sushi, specialty rolls, appetizers, salads, items from the daily specials board, samplings from the grill, vegetables, dessert, etc., etc., etc.!! The variety they offer is unbeatable, and the quality of the food is fantastic for the buck. . . We've already been here a few times and we can NOT go without the salmon and unagi sushi, some shumai, the 9-1-1 roll (beware! it's hot even for a spice freak like me!), grilled calamari, pork belly, yellowtail from the grill, cajun salmon, grilled asparagus and mushrooms, garlic tuna sushi, and much more on top of that. I can honestly say their samplings of the pork belly may be some of the best I've ever had. Same goes for their mushrooms and grilled calamari. . . $4.95 COCKTAILS!! I enjoy my AYCE meal with a SAKETINI for just under $5. Not common to be having a martini of all gin and sake for that low of a price! . . mmMmmmMMMmm desserts. Just when you think you've had enough, don't leave without trying the green tea cake and the green tea creme brulee. They are simply fantastic. . . The service is hit or miss. It's always at least decent, but sometimes it can be great because the server is willing to work with you and be more attentive to your needs. For example, last night, our server was friendly, informative, and lenient (he was not trying to force-feed our last 2 pieces of food because of the 'rules' of all-you-can-eat, though we did end up finishing them anyway), and although we were there for the last hour, he was patient and took our orders over and over again without hesitation. Even the food runner was able to take a few orders here and there. We never felt for a second that we waited too long, were being rushed, or that they were casually stalling (some AYCE sushi places definitely stall when approaching your table for reordering). . . *** Expect to wait! I would avoid going during peak business hours. Go for early or late dinner, or even late-night because they are open until 3am and last order for AYCE is at 2am everyday! This place is quite the commodity and people will be waiting 1+ hour(s) to be seated whether you go on a weekday or weekend.. . Don't forget to receive your special card that they stamp for every AYCE meal so you can eventually enjoy it all over again for FREE! My boyfriend and I already can't wait for that day to come :)
I have been here two times but haven't tried their all you can eat sushi yet. It has been all about the "Lunch Special"!. . The first time I came here was with my husband. My sushi vocabulary was a little rusty because I haven't had sushi in a long time! I was so excited that I immediately ordered the wrong thing. I chose the 3 hand roll combo ($8.95) which is ice cream cone shaped. The cone is made out of seaweed though. I had the spicy shrimp yum roll, scallop yum roll and the crab stick roll. I was happy with two out of the three rolls. The crab stick roll is made up of a fake crab stick with rice in a seaweed cone. It tasted too plain for me. The special also came with soup and salad. The dressing for the salad was a little strong tasting but still good. We ended the meal with dessert. I had the lychee ice cream which was really delicious! My husband had the fried ice cream.. . The second time I came here to have lunch by myself. I was trying to kill time before meeting up with coworkers for happy hour. I thought if I ate really slow I can kill two hours but I was wrong. It only took an hour with dessert. I ordered the Chicken Katsu combo ($7.50).  This is basically  fried chicken strips. I haven't tasted this in such a long time! I used to order this when I was a newbie to Japanese cuisine. It was as good as I remembered ! The meal also came with 4 California rolls ,rice, soup, salad and more salad! I ended the meal with lychee ice cream....yum!
Out of the veritable plethora of sushi joints I've tried this is one that sticks out. I didn't have the negative experiences of having to wait, etc. but this experience would be worth the wait. Great nigiri, rolls, and service. The server was kind enough to charge ala carte without being prompted when I didn't actually eat more than the AYCE price. I will positively be back when in Vegas again.
One of the newest AYCE sushi joints in Vegas and it's definitely worth a visit even though it's off the strip. It's not too far from the strip so make a trek out there in between partying.
Another good AYCE sushi in the Southwest neighborhood of Las Vegas; yaye!  I love how their nigiri sushi is fresh and isn't overloaded with white rice.  The nigiri here has the perfect distribution of rice and raw fish.  They have your normal rolls here but nothing that really stands out in flavor. But I like to order my favorite rolls and they are good here: Rainbow, Spider, and Stacey Roll.  They are the perfect size, fresh, and yummy.  They have all your normal sides as well, but the one that is special and unique here is the pork belly.  It's fatty but tasty and a pretty good portion.  Their baked mussels are a little over cooked here, but I like it a little burnt.  My friends did not appreciate it though.  They also have a better variety of desserts than other AYCE sushi places I have been to and they are also AYCE and you aren't just limited to one so that is definitely a plus.. . This place has a super long wait if you come at prime times.  Come right at 5pm and you will get here before the dinner rush!
Wow, I must say, I was really apprehensive about an AYCE sushi joint in Vegas. However, I was happily surprised. The quality is really good for $26/pp (dinner). They even offered sweet shrimp & uni (only 1 order pp, 1 order is 2 pieces). Only order what you can finish cuz you do have to eat the rice. The only complaint is the wait, but I guess that's expected from an AYCE place. They do have a limit of 60min so go on an empty stomach!!!. . Everything we ordered was excellent, except for the 'sunrise' roll. We didn't like the smokey/cajun flavor of it.
Like a few Yelpers before me who mentioned the parking situation in this plaza being quite deceiving... We pulled up on a Saturday night at exactly 6pm. I was like, "No cars, shouldn't be packed." I walked inside to find a few people waiting and I proceeded to inform the hostess, two please. She said, "Okay maybe 30-40 minutes." Where in the hell are all those people waiting then? I didn't really see them or their cars. In actuality, the wait ended up being about 20 minutes. I did tell her we didn't care if it was the bar or a table. Plus, it was only two of us so that probably made things easier. The restaurant itself isn't that big to begin with. Also, the tables are small and in close proximity to one another. I could've practically reached over with my chopsticks to ninja that Cajun albacore sushi off the neighbor's plate if I wanted to. There were some nice flat screens on the walls, just in time for the NBA All-Star events.. . I HIGHLY recommend you arriving early. Don't show up during crunch time and expect to be seated immediately. They NO LONGER accept reservations nor do I think they care if you carry a platinum player's card from one of the many prestigious casinos on the strip. You may want to ditch the entire posse because rolling deep here will probably mean a substantial wait time unless you come super early. This restaurant closes at 3AM and opens at 11:45AM so you have plenty of time to figure out when is best to stroll in.. . Once seated, you have the option to either do the regular pay for whatever you order or go all out and hit the AYCE: lunch $22, dinner $27. Personally, we were there to make it rain. Here's the thing about AYCE especially when it comes to sushi, you must have a strategy. Now, before you all say that you hide the rice (which they repeatedly discourage it here; signs placed everywhere), that is not the only tactic to rely on. First, let me be clear when I say that they do not try to play you by giving a heap of rice. The rice portion for our sushi & rolls was actually quite minimal and I give them props for it. Most AYCE sushi joints as we know will load up with this lovely carb to get us full faster. If you attack all the crazy rolls they have, you will obviously get full fast. Luckily, for you they offer half orders on 80% of their rolls so you are able to try their many numerous rolls. Our first round, we attacked the sushi off the bat. I could've sworn, we ordered up to 8-10 nigiri sushi. Might as well test the quality of the fish.. . The amount of food we ordered was tremendous even though it was just the two of us. Our small table was always cluttered or packed with dishes, either empty or full. Service was quite efficient. They constantly cleared out our plates, refilled our drinks, and the food came out in a timely manner. You have about an hour to do the AYCE I believe. Don't worry, it's plenty of time. Don't feel like you need to order everything in the first blow and gulp everything down. We probably ordered 4 or 5 times total and we still were able to somehow squeeze in desert before the hour ended. Before you kill everything in front of you, bust another order so that they can start making it and it'll be in front of you sooner to save time.. . As I said, we ordered way too many different items that I can't even recall much in great details. Don't forget to check their specialty menu because it may change daily. They supposedly serve some soup noodles starting at 11pm. I guess to draw in the drunkies. . . Not everything was a thumbs up but I definitely thought that most of what we ordered was pretty good and fresh. If you love pork, get the pork belly appetizer. You will probably order a few. The spider roll was great but uber heavy and if I would've known, I would've avoided it so I can eat more of other things. Plus it's listed under the "Can't order  1/2 only" section. Check out the Sexy Girl roll, that was one of the tastier specialty rolls. You will notice that there are many sexual inspired names for these rolls too. The miso soup was a bit bland. You can get the tamago sushi, sweet steamed egg without the rice which was really fresh and baked to perfection. The lychee sorbet and the green tea creme brulee was just alright. I wished I ordered the tempura ice cream or the always classy, green tea ice cream too but I was about to explode at that point. There were a number of other stuff we ordered but I'll leave the whole "wanting to order everything on their menu" experience for when you go check them out yourselves.. . I would like to add though that their seaweed salad was very refreshing. We ordered it 3x!. . I don't think you will be disappointed if you ate here. It was one of the better AYCE sushi joints I've experienced. You can't expect the bomb biggity bay at these type of AYCE sushi places but Sushi House Goyemon does an overall outstanding job in every aspect of the getting the job done. . . Remember, I warned you to stay away from this place during peaked.
This place lives up to the hype. Took a star off for one thing: the wait can be interminably long and the waiting area is small.  When you walk in, it's very hard to figure out who has already submitted their name and who is in line for the hostess.  It's also really cramped there.. . We sat at the sushi bar and got the AYCE.  The sushi man behind the counter was very impressive.  My husband rattled off about 10 different nigiri and roll items and the guy didn't write any of them down.  I thought for sure he would forget some of the items, but that guy whipped them out like nobody's business.. . The fish is fresh and tasty, and nigiri is really the way to go here.  The rolls are good, but the two we tried had a little too much going on and the flavors got lost in the jumble.. . P.S. The pork belly is part of the AYCE.  We didn't find that out until the very end!  If we had known, we would have ordered some!
The good:. . Love the atmosphere (despite the crowds). Open super late. AYCE. Delicious options from sashimi salad and miso soup to a huge selection of rolls.  My favorite item is the spicy tuna rice cracker, followed by the red dragon.  I also love the spider roll, but I'm a sucker for soft-shell crab in anything.. Dessert - green tea creme brulee FTW! . . The bad:. . There is ALWAYS a wait.  Always.  I haven't been there once where we didn't have to wait at least 30 minutes, and we went at 11:30 p.m. one night.. The waiting area is incredibly small, and you feel like you're constantly in the way.. The service can be hit or miss - one night our server said the kitchen "forgot" our pork belly, but when we got the "new" order it was ice cold.  I was a waitress for many years - that was a sure tell that our waiter was the one who actually "forgot" the order on the counter.. . The practical:. . Study the menu before you come and be ready to give your entire order at the first chance you have!  We finally started doing that and our experience has vastly improved.
This is our second time here, again an AYCE sushi place, made to order.  They have changed up some of the menu items. . . Beside several rolls, we added an order of grilled pork belly, which was braised and grilled served with a mango salsa.  it was very good. I also enjoyed the cajun salmon..   . We added both salads,  The Orgasm salad, seared tuna on top of mixed green and shredded diakon with  a spicy sauce, and the Hashimi salad, tuna, salmon, albacore, and crab meat layered on spring mix and shredded daikon with a dressing.  I enjoyed them both, my husband didn't.. . We ordered several times and items did make it to the table but rather slowly.  Each roll was fresh and we enjoyed them, but the slow service makes us frustrated when we come here, if we order ten items, it takes forever to get them, And if we are looking to order again, it takes forever for someone to stop by to take the order.
I could not in good conscience give this place five stars even though it has some good stuff.. . I ate from the AYCE (all you can eat) menu for dinner. . . PRO. . The PORK BELLY.  This was real good.. Nigiri sushi.. Udon.. . CON. . The sushi rice was not made well.. The rolls sucked.  . If you are a rolls person, then you might try a different place as I found the rolls to be so-so.  . . VERDICT. . Why come here?  For the pork belly, nigiri sushi and to stuff your face since it's AYCE.. . Why not come here?  If you are looking for really good sushi rolls.. . There is plenty of parking.. . Lastly, you should make reservations at dinner time since the wait can be a bit long.
All you can eat sushi! It's a pretty decent place. The rolls are really good but after awhile the flavors start to taste all the same with all the cream cheese and stuff. . . The nigiri is what I would go for. The tuna here isn't the best. (Especially after eating  the Toro sushi at Angotei, but I didn't expect much from it since it is ayce). Salmon is really good though. I would avoid the Seared Tuna nigiri at all cost. I expected them to sear it on the spot, but I received the fish cold and hard. Nothing compared to Tokyo Tableseared garlic tuna. . . This deal includes desserts as well. The green tea creme brulee is alright. The flavoring just doesn't seem right. I prefer a regular creme brulee over this one. However, the mochi is good, but how could you go wrong with that? Green tea and red bean ice cream are good as expected.
A SUSHI HOUSE I CAN CALL HOME!!! YES, it was absolutely delicious....blasted all the other "so-called" Sushi places I've visited - Service was great, server was really attentive and the food was fresh, well prepared, well presented and well worth a visit!
Great Variety, good quality, super busy..... . . I can't agree that this is the best AYCE sushi place in the valley, however its certainly top three.  Goyeman boasts a variety on the menu that almost no other AYCE can, with the star of the menu being the braised pork belly.  This is a charcoaly, unctuous, porky explosion of delcious!!  It may be one of the best pork belly presentations I've ever had, and it's included in the menu!  . . I thought that a lot of the rolls had way too much rice in them, especially the 5 piece rolls (soft shell crab)  Nothing really stood out to me, and while the quality was fine, I wasn't blown away.  . . For how crazy this place gets, the service is very good.  The sushi chefs must be some of the fastest in town.  There is a 60 minute time limit on dinner, which I can understand but I don't like.  Don't order too much off the big menu, you'll get charged for leftover food, even rice.  . . . Save room for dessert, the tempura ice cream is really great.
Good value, good quality fish, nice decor. I would definitely come back. It's similar to Sushimon in both price and variety but a bit better. It's newer, cleaner, and the staff are friendlier. Downside for anyone in Summerlin is that it's located near Trop & Decatur. Uni is just for dinner.
I love sushi! Especially with cream cheese! This place hardly had any cream cheese sushi but it is still overall YUM! :) Service is excellent, you never go thirsty as they keep your drink constantly full!. . Dinner AYCE is around $26, while I've seen lower prices. I tried the Philadelphia roll, caterpillar and Dragon roll. philadelphia roll for some reason wasn't as tasty as I thought. Any eel in the rolls I have tried are not as good to brag about honestly. I give 4 stars for the great service, and it's enough to go back and give them another chance.
Came here with my mommy friends after shopping at 4pm..no line. Sweet! We were sat down quickly and our server was on top of waters & drinks for all of us.. We tried so many different kinds of sushi. I could not find fault with any of them.. Even the desserts were amazing. My only issue was our waitress disappeared around time for dessert so we had to ask another server to send her over.. If there would not have been such a delay..and we did wait a bit..I would have given them 5 stars.. I will be back again soon though.
So i realized that they have the same exact menu as sushi mon on maryland pkwy and silverado ranch. same owner. Same price. Great rolls. Everything came out fresh. But they had great specialty rolls just like sushi mon. It took a lil long for rolls and ahi poke was so-so. People reviewing it talked about green tea creme brulee. But they didnt have it on menu. So i was a little dissapointed. But generally happy wit the whole experience.
My first sushi experience. Which is funny because the bf went to sushi school. He liked this place too. We had all kinds of stuff somethings i liked, some not so much. We did not do the all you can eat so we just ordered alot of random stuff.. The ones i remembered for sure was the Pork belly dish that was amazing. And the super white grilled tuna was another of my favorites. 58$ for two people with tip. and thats without the AYCE price which is 26$ a person. The staff is good and the service is quick.
Went with a rookie. Got seated right away....I know right and it was a Staurday night 8ish.. Did the AYCE. OMG really! They just keep bringing more. The pork belly is my favorite and tonight it was a bit off. Everything else was super. My cohort enjoyed the first time experience and said it would not be long for a return visit. Service was great! Sushi chefs were busy ,busy ,busy and it all came out great!  Help me out to the car, need to get home before I pass out. Good job folks!
AYCE appetizers, AYCE daily specials and AYCE dessert.  That, to me, is what makes Goyemon stand out above the competition.  We're not just talking miso soup or mochi ice cream either!  Delicious pork belly, yummy grilled veggies, daily sushi specials, green tea cake, black sesame creme brulee...these are some unique offerings.. . Sushi here is good, and the daily specials always offer a good variety of fish to try.  All of my visits start out with me ordering one of every special, both sushi and grilled items.  The one thing that I haven't really been fond of is the rice.  I know that they get very busy, but it seems like their sushi rice is almost fresh from the rice cooker; by time the sushi gets to the table, the rice is warm and the fish feels like it's been sitting at room temperature for a while.  It's never been bad enough to ruin a meal, but it is something I notice each visit.  To be fair, other people I've dined with either don't notice it or it isn't a big deal, so it could be a personal thing.. . Outside of my little rice quirk, Goyemon is a solid choice for sushi.  It has a big roll selection for your casual sushi friends, as well as a good fish selection for you nigiri folk.  Add in the appetizers and desserts to help cleanse your palate, and you have a dinner spot fit for most, if not all of your friends!
I was disappointed with my last visit to Goyemon so I am knocking off a star.... . First off, Freds, the amazing sushi chef that took such great care of us when we'd go in for lunch, it no longer working for Goyemon.  We enjoyed having Freds make us surprise rolls as we devoured nigiri, and he was a GREAT conversationalist. I have yet to experience the same type of friendly customer service from the other chefs that work during the lunch hour. . . More importantly is the waitress service. The first time they forgot our edemame it wasn't a huge deal because, like I said in my original review, that's just more room for more fish. But this last time, I actually DID want to munch on some edemame as we waited for our food. What reasonable excuse is there for it to take over 20 minutes to get some damn edemame at a sushi joint? None. . . Drinks were slow to get refilled, plates were slow to be bussed. I understand that the space behind the sushi bar is limited and so it's difficult to have more then 2 sushi chefs working, which can sometimes result in the sushi coming out slow. The management at Goyemon really needs to either hire more wait staff, or better train the ones they do have, because a great sushi eating experience should not be soured by slow and inefficient waitresses. . . Goyemon, I still like you but if you keep this up, I am going to have to find a new spot to fill my urges for raw fish. :(
One of the best Vegas options for AYCE. Comes to $29 and change per person for dinner before grat.. . Usually fresh Uni, but sometimes its a fail. Must try the pork belly (super fatty!!) and the spicy tuna rice cracker. Fresh fish, good selection of rolls... which I usually limit to get my fill of sushi. Finish with unlimited ice cream (my choice is always red bean and tempura ice cream) and their other desserts that are limited to one.. . Downsides? Service isn't great. Can be a hit or miss. And no RSVP unless it is a party of 12 or more for the private room. Usually a wait. But for the most part, worth it. Plus it is a good location for me. If you haven't been, it is worth trying.
This is one of the of the freshest and widest selections of all-you-can-eat sushi buffets I've ever had.  The fish comes nigiri style and you order how much you want to your waiter.  The only bad things were that the bathrooms smelled bad (they might have had a plumbing issue at the time) and they ran out of toro so if you're a fan, come early before they run out!  They limit your uni and toro to 2 pieces/person.
First off, this place was packed Monday night after 9:00 so I knew the selection was promising. All-I-Can eat? "that's a mistake goyemon," I thought. Yet, it was I who was mistaken because there were too many delicious things here that deserved a second trip. The service was impeccable and the food was delectable. I recommend the baked scallop (but dont eat all the cream cheese) and the hurricane rolls. The green tea creme brulee was nothing to write home about in my opinion. Also I had the sweet shrimp for the first time, didn't know it was going to be raw. It was delicious, once I got over the raw aspect. All in all a reasonably priced restaurant with an upscale taste.
I've had this place bookmarked for a long time &  finally got a chance to try it out!!. . As with all AYCE, not everything will be the best quality, but you get good quality fish for a reasonable price.. . Some of our faves of the night were:. yellowtail - very fresh & creamy. lychee sorbet - THE best sorbet, mmmmm. strawberry mochi - I love mochi. unagi - good texture, not slimy. pork belly - great grill flavor but kinda fatty. salmon. scallop. poke salad. cucumber salad. gyozas. . Some of our not so faves of the night were:. uni - not freshest. sweet shrimp was ok . tuna - not fresh. . The location is nice but pretty far from the strip, about 10 minutes drive.  The ambiance is really cute.  Loved the decor and bar area.  It is smaller than I would have expected, about 15 tables and a bar.. . The service is top notch as we were never rushed.  Even when we spent about 2.5 hours, they still made sure we got everything we wanted.  I ordered extra dessert a couple of times (hehe).. . Definitely recommended for being piggies in the desert!!  What's Vegas without all the munching!!  Don't forget to get a stampcard, buy 10 get 1 free!
This is my favorite AYCE sushi place in vegas. The nigri sushi has a good fish-to-rice ratio. Its the closest thing to sashimi you will find on any AYCE menu. . They have nightly specials added to their menu and I have enjoyed each one I tried- especially the yellowtail with mango! Oh so yummy!. The service is decent but the sushi chefs can get a little backed up. The restaurant is also rather small and they do not take reservations so you may expect to wait a while if you go fri/sat for dinner.
This place is one of the better sushi restaurants in Vegas. The AYCE is awesome. What I like about it is that if your at the bar, and you order a ton of food, the chefs are cool about it. I've been to other places in the Valley where they sort of give you weird looks like "This guy isn't finished yet?.." NO MF'er, I'm not, so give me some more damn food!!! haha. Seriously, The fish is so fresh here. I'm not usually a fan of rolls, but they make some bomb ones. The only complaint I can give is for the rice. While I've heard that sometimes it's hot, to be honest with you, even though I came for lunch and wouldn't have to worry having freshly made rice with my sushi, some of the sushi I received had a couple of slightly under cooked kernels of rice. (but not all of them, only a couple of pieces). And the wait staff was not around that much, but I can understand since they are so busy. That said, I would gladly come back and I enjoyed my experience here.
I think they are sister companies with Sushi Mon, however, the menu options are a little different.  We came here on our last visit to Vegas to try a different All You Can Eat (AYCE) Sushi Place. . . We got seated quickly since there was only 2 of us, and I wanted to minus a star since the service was so slow to get started, and sometimes in between, but their friendly staff made me change my mind though, and also they weren't strict on their "hour rule.". . The spicy tuna on crispy rice is soooo good!  It's a newer menu item, and I hope it stays permanently!  Oh and if you like spicy, then the 911 roll is SPICY!  My mouth was on fire!  I won't make that mistake again, lol.  Other than that you can't go wrong with the Nigiris, the fish tasted fresh and they the amount of rice they use is appropriate.   Be careful on the amounts you order, they will charge you if you have leftovers.  They were nice to the table next to me, and charged them for only about half the leftovers, but that doesn't mean that will be the same for everyone.. As the desserts go, I was bummed that they were out of strawberry mochi ice cream, which is my favorite flavor!  However,  they had a tofu cheesecake, yes TOFU, it tastes like cheesecake, but slightly lighter/airy.  . . I can't wait till I can come back...I better start planning my next Vegas trip now!
One of the better AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas. There is definitely a large selection of sushi that you can order and other food items that you can order.  I would suggest trying to come a little bit earlier since it can get very crowded and the wait tends to be fairly long. You can put your name down and come back (or they will call you when your next on the list). They do have a time limit on the AYCE (one hour) to limit the time that you sit and increase the turnover of patrons.. . Some of the better sushi pieces - yellowtail, salmon, super white tuna, albacore, and halibut. You can also get uni and sweet shrimp in the AYCE but it is also limited to one order (two pieces) per person. . . I'm also a fan of some of their appetizers - poke, seaweed salad, pork belly, and baked green mussels. . . Overall, we have started to come here for AYCE more often as long as we don't have to wait more than 30 minutes (which on occasion does occur). It is a place to come when you have a big appetite and want to eat and eat and eat. And don't forget the AYCE dessert - green tea and red bean ice cream are definitely something to get too.
When it comes to AYCE sushi I have a pretty simple list of items that I must have to satisfy my experience and I'll usually order them all a few times throughout. . . - They must have shrimp tempura, which they had but it was pretty basic and wasn't as crispy or meaty as I would have preferred.  I also would mind it being a little different seasoning wise.  Also I might have been spoiled by the last AYCE place I've been to which offered golden crispy prawns. . . - They must have uni, which they had, nothing bad about it.  I loved the uni.  It was fresh looking and very tasty and come with a quail's egg different but perfect. I must have more of this next time.. . - They must have poke, which they had in tako or ahi, tasty but it was just OK.  It was more of a salad as there were a lot more seaweed and other ingredients then tako or ahi.  Little too.. . - Specialty rolls and dishes.  They have the pork belly which is tasty but I would've liked it with more meat or just cooked longer, firmer and crunchier too.  For special rolls I've tried the pixie roll and sexy girl roll, really liked them both. I'll try to do more specialty rolls next time since I only tried 2 and since I'm thinking I'm going to love those rolls the better. . . - They must have oysters, preferably grilled but I'll do battered and fried which is what they had. It was good or OK but still loved to have the grilled ones. . . Based on my list it was just OK for me a 3.. . Away from my list, they have conch nigiri which seemed cool but I found it not so good since it the first time having conch, it rubbery and tasteless.  They have baked green mussels which I liked. They have AYCE desserts which I loved, most places only offer 1 dessert with AYCE. Here I had the lychee sorbet, green tea creme brulee, and mango mousse shot. They were out of the tempera ice cream which was a bummer since that was the only dessert I really wanted.. . For service they did an excellent job.  It was a UYE and we did not have to wait for a table to be setup, only for the yelps to show up.  We had half of the VIP room, shared with some other loud party but it was all good since they left half way through our dinner. We stayed 3 hours and was not bothered "Hey you gotta leave". They also were cool with separating the checks for each of us.. . Goyemon is very good.  They have items that stood out like the pork belly and the uni with quail egg nigiri but there were also some misses.  It was also my first time here so I will have to give them a 3.5 or 4 for now with the possibility of improving after my next visit, hopefully again with my yelp posse or if that doesn't happen I'll just have to try everything on the menu.
I had the dinner AYCE on a thursday night for ~32. Although it says only 1hr, we ate for 1.5 hrs. no rush.. . - No wait time. I came here before and I had to wait 45min to be seated, so we left. This time we were seated right away. It's hit or miss. . - 1 TV. If you want to watch a game, they have sports on at the bar.. - Fancier than sushi mon. If you have eaten there, the sushi plates look a lot prettier.. - Ordered and served to me. Service was quick to average. Took 5 to 10 mins to get my orders in. Got them in bundles. . - I recommend the ecstasy with orgasm sauce, spider, volcano, lemon roll?. avoid fukomaki. It wasted tummy space. . - No salmon skin roll or any kind of hand roll? did i miss something? I got it at sushi mon. :/. - For non-sushi, get the gyoza, grilled yellow tail, and pork belly. avoid the shumai. it's really tiny and mushy.  . - After awhile, sushi got mushy, red dragon. Probably bc I was getting stuffed. lol.I drank it down was a really hot miso soup that hit the spot. . - Great desserts! I had tempura ice cream and strawberry mochi. There's  also green tea ice cream and creme brulee. way better than sushi mon. . . ^___^!
$21.95 - Lunch. $26.95 - Dinner. ALL YOU CAN EAT! The best all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant I've ever been to. . . Whenever my boyfriend and I come to Vegas, we plan our trip around this restaurant.. No joke. We pass up on the crowded night clubs and overrated day clubs for Sushi Goyemon... . FAVORITES:. White tuna: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=hup6W3ATSaMlaX5K6JhZfw#L4uXfHD3OqS0_LX-wO1A-w. Nom nom nom.. Super white tuna obsession... . Orgasm salad: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=h6wE-PUEMRAURVAcnkCHhw&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2w. They don't have this anymore :(.. . Sweet shrimp: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XoZl0rGj_ltolxQqReT4iw&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2w. Limit 1 order per person.. SO GOOD.. . PASS on these items:. Uni: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=mBQT2vgNoD4Z6CjVxVfHdQ&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2w. Not the freshest.. Tastes worse than uni from Mitsuwa. Limit 1 order per person.. . Poke salad: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TyHAbow61kagjlaHSCIcpA&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2w. I remember it tasting better the first time I was here.. Went back recently and it wasn't as good. Too much sauce, and the tuna was a little stringy. . . NOTE: Ask for a stamp card! Buy 10 all-you-can-eats, get one free!
My wife and I went in for dinner after seeing good reviews on yelp. Overall it was a good experience. I've never done all you can eat sushi before but when the sushi chef recommended it... I said yes. He told me that there was no difference between ayce and a la carte menu except sashimi. You can also order any appetizers as well! We ordered many different rolls and nigiri and all was excellent. Our chef suggested many other things which we said yes too and most was good like the fresh scallops nigiri. The grilled calamari was so tough it was unedible...minus one star. Otherwise... it was a great meal without limitations on what you can order.. we will definitely go back.
I used to hate AYCE sushi bars because I assumed that meant lower quality.  I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.  . . My hubby and I swam for a few hours and felt like eating fish.  Go figure.  I love sushi, so I told him to find a place and we'll give it a try.  When we sat down at the bar here we were asked if we were doing AYCE, so I said "sure".  I am happy to report that I saved a lot of money going that route and I ate quality food.  From the salmon to the rolls, everything is yummy.  I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.  . . Thanks, Goyemon, for converting me from posh single orders to a money-saving AYCE lover!
Came here for all you can eat sushi for lunch.  There is a decent selection of fish and the ice creams were really good.  It is difficult to try a lot of dishes though since I had to eat all the rice with the raw fish.   If you get tired of eating typical Las Vegas buffet, this is a good place to try.
My family was in town and since they have not experienced AYCE sushi of this type yet, I decided to take them to dinner here. The wait for a table was about an hour - we got half of the "VIP room" near the cash register as there were 6 of us.. . I think we came at a good time, the fish was incredibly delicious. The pork belly, surf clam, octopus and yellowtail were the big hits of the night. I noticed however that the fish-to-rice ratio for some nigiri was a bit smaller compared with the last time I was here.. . Gluten-free note: some of their nigiri (like the albacore and the seared items) are seasoned with ponzu sauce, which is a citrus-based soy sauce. Soy sauce normally contains wheat. We asked if they could leave it off, but the server said the sushi chefs prepare them in a batch with other people's orders and thus could not (or rather, would not) prepare it without the ponzu. Bah! 3 stars for this. I wonder if we had sat at the bar that the chefs could have done something.. . Their dessert offerings for dinner seem to change. I remember the last time I came here there was a plum wine jelly. This time it was just the creme brulee and chocolate mousse, along with the ice cream.
I love Goyemon, for about $27 dollars you can't beat their all you can eat, they even have a great deal on lunch, the lunch special is $13 but I always break down and eat the AYCE!!! Great cuts of fish for AYCE!!
This place is pretty decent for an all you can eat sushi joint in Vegas (better one in California). The service was mediocre at best. The waiter didn't seem to give a shit at all. I really don't remember him saying much to us at all. Silent nods behind his little notepad were all we got. . . Green tea creme burlee was not worth having, pork belly is not the best either. Everything else I tried was tasty. I was impressed with the extent of their dessert list. All in all, good sushi and iffy service. Wait time was about 45 minutes.
This place is GREAT!!! Get there stamp cards! But the last 2 times, there service has went downhill..... . . Great food if you don't mind the crappy service.
We are blessed to have the option of AYCE sushi deals at pretty much all sushi joints in Vegas. So in my search of the BEST one, I think I'm going to have to go with Sushi House Goyemon. . . Lunch is 21.95 and dinner is 24.95. I asked what the difference is and it's just a small change-up of the menu with the addition of some extra sushi pieces. Lunch would satisfy me just fine any day.  However, if you want to try that green tea creme brule and that nice green cake in the main photo... you'll have to join them for dinner (Reminder: come back for dinner soon). . . The place is small and they don't take reservations. I'd say there were about a good 10-12 tables in the main dining area, and an extra 3-4 tables in their extra room in the back. So if you're planning to throw a big birthday hoopla there, make sure you and your guests come early to reserve because they won't sit you unless you are all present. The decor is simplistic but modern with their wooded ceiling framework and their fancy light structures (i think it came from Ikea).. . Now finally on to the food. The appetizers aren't bad. The nigiri sushi pieces are mediocre. Too little rice, and not enough fish. If you're a salmon lover, skip the nigiri and just get a salmon handroll. It's much more worth it, I promise. If you have some rice left over on the place, order the dynamite (creamy mixture of seafood and mayo concoction) and pair it with the rice, it's actually pretty darn good and compliments each other very well! I'm not the biggest roll fan but I actually enjoy their rolls here. I love how they provide the option of getting half orders (4 pieces) of each roll so you don't have to kill yourself to finish massive amount of pieces to avoid any extra charges of anything left over. . . There's some good and bad traits, but overall I think you'll get the most bang out of your AYCE buck here.
I am not a big AYCE sushi eater but with all the hype I had to give it a shot!  Unfortunately we got there in the dreaded window of a long wait between 7pm and 10pm.  After waiting about a +1 hour for 3 people we were seated at the sushi bar.  From what I read this is the best place to be because the service was fast and efficient.  We were hungry and had plenty of time to look at the menu and read yelp reviews so we knew what we wanted.  . . After ordering mounds of food I started to get worried about being able to finish it after it started to come.  Luckily I was with 2 men who picked up my slack, I believe this is one of the few times I got my moneys worth from a AYCE!  . . A lot of what we got was personal preference and following fellow reviewers.  The sushi we received was fresh as far as a AYCE sushi place I was not disappointed we got a few hot items some daily specials and some items that fellow yelpers gave high reviews on.  The price was fair for the food and quality we got, our service was fast and efficient, dessert is included in the price which Inever get unless I am at a buffet or AYCE.  . . All in all a pretty good experience...
Sushi was very fresh and creative menu. Everything was delicious. Only disappointment they did not have the green tea cake I was looking forward to trying. Definitely recommend this place to my friends!
LuV LuV LuV - This sushi bar! . I usually don't get to sit at a bar and eat sushi since i've always got the baby with me. But when I get the chance to sit at the bar, " TONY" tears it up!!! . I tell him! " I'm a Hungry Beast" and he says " no Problem, you little CockaRoach" j.k. . He says, " I got you! I give you the goods tonight!" Since I love ALL sushi Nigiri Style hands down I trust tony gonna give me the goods...And he delivers with a BANG!. So, I recommend sitting at the bar if you get a chance. . Why do I love the sushi here, well not only is it very fresh but it also has a Quality that is hard to find here in the city. I also like the portion to rice ratio because sometimes they give you more rice than fish and I really do not appreciate that. . I also like the side items! The Pork Belly is a delicacy here that I will never not have! Also the Spicy Tuna Cracker Rice is good! . mmmm... It's all good and I am just dreaming about all my favorite sushi here!!. I like Mango for desert so they actually had a really nice Mango Mousse this last time that I went. I also like to look at there daily specials to make sure i'm taking advantage of the All You Can Eat!!!
Great AYCE sushi. Not on the menu: green tea creme brulee - I can probably eat 20 of them. DEE-LISH!  It's so good I was inspired to buy my own torch and start making my own - I just haven't gotten around to actually making it yet.  Oops!. . I've been to many AYCE sushi places that serve the same thing.  Goyemon has a lot of items that you won't find at any other AYCE places.  For example, the pork belly.  This is probably the shortest review I've written for a sushi restaurant but the best tip I could give you about this place is: whatever you can't find at other sushi places, that's what you should get and you'll be surprised.
I had heard from several people that this place was one of the best AYCE places in town.  It was very good, but I wouldn't say it is the best.  I live right by Sushi Mon, and we ventured out to Goyemon expecting something better, but it was pretty much the same.  I did like how you could order off the new item menu and it was included in the AYCE price.  They are pretty strict with kids eating any of your food here if they are not paying, which is understandable, but kind of hard to explain to your 4 year old when they want a bit of your roll and you just can't justify spending $26 for them to eat it.  It would be nice if they had maybe a reduced rate for kids.
As this was my 1st experience of All You Can Eat sushi, there are a number of words that I want to use to describe to you how I felt at the end of this meal. . . Words like "disgusting", "bloated", "obese" and mainly "self loathing" were the ones I was tossing around as I wondered how I would write this review. But you know what word REALLY sums up surprisingly delicious sushi in quantities that would shock a Sumo wrestler?. . Glorious.
Took my wife there for her birthday.  The food was good, but not as good as Yama Sushi.  It is all you can eat, but you order and they make it, which is better than making visits to the buffet line.  I read the desserts were the best part.  I only saw ice cream on the menu.  We tried green tea ice cream and lechee sorbet.  All you can eat was around $22 per person.
Sushi? All you can eat? In Vegas? Sounds soo fishy o.O. . I dislike buffets greatly because the quality of the food is usually very low and you force yourself to eat as much as you paid, if not more. Nor do I like the gross/overstuffed/ill/about to explode feeling after. Before coming here I have to confess to you, I didn't like the texture of raw fish or even the thought of eating something raw. O_O. . Last January, I attended CES 2012 in Vegas. My friend and I hadn't eaten all day and we decided to head off The Strip for a late, late 3pm lunch. My friend is a crazy sashimi/uni/durian lover and wanted sushi. I remember my co-worker had mentioned about how much she had loved this place. I was a bit skeptical at first. Sushi in Vegas? Really? Sounds fishy to me!. . AYCE lunch buffet for under $25? What a steal! The whole time we were there my friend and I only ordered nigiri! haha We really wanted to make sure we got our money's worth! It was to the point our server said, "You know, we offer other items like specialty rolls and side dishes!" :P After each bite of nigiri, my appreciation for raw fish greatly increased. :) All the nigiri we had ordered was very fresh and delicious! It was my first time trying other fishes besides salmon... fishes I hadn't even heard of. Tai? Hamachi? Hotate? Saba? Hirame? Unfortunately, we couldn't order the amaebi (sweet shrimp) or uni (sea urchin) because it wasn't dinner time yet :( Boooo... next time though!. . Can you believe we still had room for dessert? Yes, I got 2 scoops of green tea ice cream and a scoop of lychee sorbet. All were excellent! I was a bit embarrassed to order the tempura ice cream since we'd ordered so much nigiri already and our server put our check down at the table, which was probably a sign for us to leave! haha I guess the next time I come back I'll need to order afew tempura ice creams first! :D
Goyemon is great if you like AYCE sushi. I've been probably 20 times and the sushi is always fresh and very good compared to other AYCE places (I generally avoid AYCE sushi as the quality is generally poor). Rolls are good too. You can order anything off the menu and they often have seasonal specials.. . If you go, definitely get the cod appetizer, spicy tuna on sticky rice, baked mussels, salmon kama (collar), moment roll, spider roll, your favorite nigiri, and their nice selection of desserts. . I've been quite a few times and have only been disappointed by their miso soup (basic is terrible, the shrimp head miso is ok), and their terriyaki.. . Goyemon is always busy but rarely has a long wait and is open late for night owls like me.
Never in my dreams I would even give an all you can eat sushi another try. The last place I had an all AYCE experience was over 4 years ago. So fast forward to Sushi House Goyemon. I just had to trust Yelpers on this one and gave it a try. I surveyed the menu. Made to order sushi that include nigiris? Check. Grilled items? Check. Specials like unlimited aji, salmon belly, & negitoro? Check. Unlimited desserts? Check. Apparently I've been missing out on the Las Vegas AYCE sushi scene. . . So I moved here in late August and I've been back for 4 times. Once I waited for 20 minutes. All the other times we've been seated right away at the sushi bar. For $26 per person (dinner), I'm getting WAY more than my money's worth. In fact, I tend to average around $80 every time I eat here, just on nigiris, grilled items, sides, & desserts. . . Four stars for VALUE. I knocked off one star just because the cuts of fish tend to be inconsistent and service can be spotty at times, but nothing that would deter me from coming back. - I was always satisfied with the quality of fish they serve (for an AYCE) Sadly, their uni is just so-so, so don't expect high quality stuff. And please bring back the green tea cake on the menu! Overall, this one AYCE I would not hesitate to recommend, but I am still on the lookout for an AYCE joint that serves the freshest uni!
They do not take reservations so the wait is about 30 minutes.  . . The menu has an option of an all-you-can-eat (AYCE) dinner or ala carte. . . We did the AYCE and the orders came out fast, hot and fresh.  Everything that we ordered was awesome, we ran out of space before we could sample the entire menu (not that it was possible for 4 average appetite people). . This is another place we are going to visit on our next trip to Vegas!
My roommate and friends have always raved about this place and I decided to finally give it a try. I had the all you can eat, which is always a better deal no matter how hungry you are, because at least you'll get to try everyone else's foods of your not happy with yours. Which in my case did happen. I felt like I was ordering everything wrong. Everything I tasted that my roommate ordered was delicious. The pork belly, for example. I can't tell you how many servings of those we chowed down on. Overall I'd say the red meat selections were better than the white. I usually eat chicken but like I said what I ordered was okay compared to what my roommate ordered.
This is becoming one of my favorite sushi places! I mostly come for the sashimi plates, but just recently tried their All You Can Eat. It's pretty awesome how they have a stamp card for it too. Your 10th is a free All You Can Eat Session. The sushi chefs are friendly, but the staff could use some perking up. The food tastes significantly fresh!
This place is great!. AYCE sushi place in the middle of the desert. Was in Vegas for the weekend for work and decided to pop in here to satisfy my sushi craving.. . Upon entering the small restaurant, I realized the the sushi chefs behind the counter were MEXICAN!.. . Omg, I thought, do I eat here or do I dare risk the long waits of other ayce buffet lines on the strip? With the nearly full house crowd close to 10pm at night, I figured it can't be THAT BAD!. . . To my surprise it was quite good!. . Ok not sushi sho good in Berkeley, but the fish was very fresh and they had a great selection, including the "black board" specials. The black board specials has the more exotic cuts of fish, toro, black caviar roe, kama, and a bunch that evades my brain at the moment, but something that you would pay $8-9 for nigiri for at any bay area sushi place. Black board specials are the way to go! IT also changes as the night progresses, sometimes they run out of stuff'; only to be replaced by other things.. . AYCE is basically off a menu, and you order whatever you want.. . There's a great selection of hot foods and salads, along with tons of nigiri and rolls.. I don't do JIVE ass rolls like Nobu K, so I went for all nigiri.. . There is a uni limit of 2 pieces per person but that didnt bother me as there were plenty of other great fishes including toro, and all your standard nigiri cuts of fish.. . Yes the fish was cut a bit uneven and some of the rice fell apart before it made it to my mouth. but for $25 you cant beat it!. . Everything from the cucumber salad to fried tempura shrimp to the black board special cuts of fish were delicious including the desserts. . . We sat at the sushi counter and were served by the sushi chef, whom were all mexican for the exception of one -japo chef who seemed to  be the head chef.. . Good service by the servers and the counter chefs. . . I was very surprised at the quality of each item we ate and wish we had one of these in the bay area! I would definetely go back when I am in vegas next time.
If you're an AYCE kind of person then, yes, this place is for you. You can load up on an extensive menu of nigiri, tempura, rolls, dessert, etc. and be totally satisfied.. . I, myself, am more of a purist. I want the best of the best so I wasn't all that impressed. It was like eating at a cut rate sushi place when really you were dreaming of Nobu or Sushi Samba.. . But, really, for less than $50 you can get all of the sushi you want, who can complain? . . I enjoyed the 911 roll which boasted of habanero sauce but totally failed to deliver (I can take a LOT of heat so take this with a grain of salt).  I actually had to ask for a hotter roll. The chefs tried a roll that was supposedly much hotter, but barely registered on my tasted buds. To be fair I was raised on habaneros my whole life so my perception may have been skewed. . . The tempura was delicious as were really all the rolls I ordered. It was fun to look at the vast menu, find something I found interesting, and order it. If you want to explore all aspects of sushi, this is a good place to start. . . The service is a step above perfection. You don't have to wait or ask for anything. . . This place is definitely a casual go-to spot to hang out, try good sushi and relax. Definitely recommend.
I decided too mix up my AYCE sushi last night. I only heard good things about this place from other yelpers and close too my house had too check it out. I must admit this place has LOT more selection then my normal spot 808 sushi. I liked the fact they had chalkboard near the sushi area they write down the special they have each day and most of them is included on the AYCE!! Something make sure take look at when deciding so don't miss anything. . . I always start with nigiri. Always been my favorite although I still naturally get my speciality rolls in but am old school fish and rice. I always felt that nigiri one of the best judges of  the quality of the fish. I was impressed for sure the quality of all the fish they have is excellent! The speciality rolls tried the 9-1-1 roll had nice little kick too it and the Ecstasy roll looked good tasted alright but next time try another one. The poki was solid. It usually miss comes too poki at AYCE not all place have them. Still have too give the edge 808 poki style is more local style that I love and use too. The thing that stand out about the poki here is they use some fresh seaweed along with nicely thin shaved white onion, and nice poki sauce. Tried the grilled prok belly with mango salsa. Tasty!! The pork belly perfect hard grill sear on the outside and little of mango salsa top of it. It like pork butter goes down smooth. Majority of it nigiri not go wrong with any one I pounded the hamachi, albacore, and salmon. Loving it!. . I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi bar really like the set up! It had lots of room for your sushi. Unlike tradition ones little further back say from the glass and see all the fish there using for the night. You have added shelf on top stack empty plates if pounding away like that extra space (minus is reach further over too get the sushi)! =) They have nice widescreen tv behind the bar. It monday night football so any major sporting event perfect spot for sushi and sports. It not like most place tv far away right in front of you. . . The service was awesome. The hostess greeted you and sat you down. The serve keep up with drinks full. The sushi chefs all really friendly, talk stories with them, and lot of fun. You might not want too go early because the place is packed luck out got spot at the bar. The selection is Nuts! Sure I need too go back few more times make sure try everything!!
This place is awesome, too bad I was pretty hungover when I ate here.  From what I can tell though the sushi is fresh and tasty.  They also tasted pretty authentic and not the bastardized type you can find in other low end sushi joints.  Too bad my stomach wasn't feeling that great so I wasn't able to fully appreciate the "all you can eat" aspect of the restaurant.  I'd definitely come back the next time I visit Vegas.
Came here for an AYCE sushi lunch after hiking at Red Rock.  AYCE lunch is $21.95 and dinner is $26.95.  I think the main difference is that you can't order sweet shrimp or uni for lunch unless you want to pay the dinner price.. . It was so easy for us to get our money's worth here, and the quality was great for AYCE sushi!  They have a huge menu filled with nigiri, specialty rolls, appetizers, and dessert.  One caveat, you have to finish EVERYTHING or else they'll charge you a la carte prices.  Do not leave the rice behind.. . The nigiri we ordered:. -  Super white tuna (ono) x6 - my favorite!  We ordered 6 orders of this.  . -  Salmon x3 - it was ok; kind of mushy.. -  Seared salmon x1 - good sear, brought out the flavors/oils of the salmon.. -  Albacore x1 - good. -  Yellowtail x3 - very fresh.. -  Unagi x3 - good. . The rolls we ordered (the great thing is - you can order HALF orders so you can try more varieties!!) - they were also really generous with the raw fish they put in the rolls:. -  Moon roll x1 - if you like unagi, get this.. -  Lemon roll x2 - our favorite!!  if you like yellowtail and salmon with a citrus ponzu sauce, get this.. -  Supreme salmon roll x1 - if you like salmon on salmon, get this. -  Dragon roll x1 - if you like unagi, get this.. -  Volcano roll x2 - if you like baked scallops and mayo, get this. -  Moment roll x1 - if you like crunchy rolls, get this. -  Chubby roll x1 - if you like shrimp tempura, avocado, and salmon with a slight kick wrapped in a gargantuan roll, get this.. . Sides:. -  Vegetable tempura - came with 5 pcs - I got carrot, sweet potato, onion, asparagus, and green bean.. -  Miso soup - watered down.. . We didn't have room for dessert, but they had red bean ice cream, green tea ice cream, tempura ice cream, and ice cream mochis on the menu when we came.  . . We came so hungry, and left SO stuffed.  I can't believe we ate all this between 2 people.  Totally got our money's worth though!
This place did not disappoint for an AYCE sushi dinner. I would go with what other reviewers suggested to make a reservation beforehand if you know you're going there. We went there without a reservation and it was crowded. We ended up choosing to sit at the bar which turned out to be a lot more fun for us. The servers and the sushi chefs were very nice and accommodating. Because we were at the bar, there was very little wait time for our sushi and the waiter was prompt with our other side orders too. For an ALYCE sushi place, the quality was awesome. I personally really like their sushi nigiri some of the specialty rolls.. . My favorites of the sushi nigiri was the salmon (which tasted immaculate to us), seared salmon, unagi, super white tuna, garlic tuna, and uni. For the specialty rolls the dragon, sexy girl, and maguma. The extra stuff from the menu we tried were the ahi poki, fried calamari, yakitori, and mochi ice cream. Their regular tuna nigiri was the only let down as two of the four pieces we had didn't taste as fresh as the rest of the sushi we had that night. Compared to other AYCE places in the area, this place is a good spot to try. We had a good time and would try them again when we're back in town.
For $21.95 AYCE Sushi lunch special, it's pretty worth it. We tried everything on the menu & being hammered from the night before & dancing so much @ marquee helped with the appetite.. . The service was friendly, the sushi was good, and so were their appetizers & special dishes. I did notice majority of their rolls included spicy tuna, which for me is AWESOME because I love spicy tuna, but if your a purist and you know your sushi, you know why they use it, but anyways ----- dessert options ... must get is the lychee sorbet & tempura ice cream.
This is my 1st AYCE sushi spot in Vegas & I must say I was not disappointed at all. I'm pretty picky when it comes to sushi places esp for AYCE and who runs the establishment. I hardly do tables and usually am at the sushi bar. But this time around we wanted to see why Goyemon was so highly reviewed/rated & gave it a test run. . . :: Pros ::. 1) A typical roll comes in 8 pieces and this AYCE spot lets you do 1/2 orders!! So you get to try more variety of their other items and not have to commit to an 8 piece roll. 2) Reasonable prices with an extensive menu (specialty rolls, baked rolls, deep fried rolls, tempura rolls, nigiri sushi, side dishes, desserts) . 3) Delicious lychee ice cream i've ever had w/ lychee bits within!. 4) Check out for their new menu addtions written on their board that's included in the AYCE . . :: Cons ::. 1) You're only allowed 1 order of Uni & Amaebi per person for your dining session. . 2) They really skimped out on the uni sushi too :\. 3) Can't order sashimi. . . :: Notes ::. 1) Beware the menu states for AYCE: lunch per person/45 min & dinner per person/60 min. I'm sure they'll let you sit longer if they're not super busy packed . 2) They do have flat screen tv available by the sushi bar for those who wants to catch the game & food at the same time . 3) Pick up a frequent diner stamp card! Get 10 stamps & 11th AYCE is FREE! There is an expiration date of one 1 year from the first you got it stamped. . I definitely wouldn't mind coming back to Goyemon. It's a clean/modern establishment. Food & service was up to par especially for the price you pay!
of all the ayce sushi places in town, this is one of the better ones. their nigiri is well portioned and isnt roided up on rice. i like how theyre smaller than some other places so you dont get full on a few when you want to try a variety. their masago presentation is always a little sloppy though. . . only minor gripe is for an employee. dont bite your thumbnail while you go into the kitchen and promptly bring me my miso soup with the thumb that you were biting on the inside of the bowl as the soup sloshes over your thumb. if you want me to taste your thumb, we can arrange a more private meeting.
always a long wait so ive heard....went there once and waited 30 mins....but once seated the all you can eat sushi came super fast ..we had a group of 6 had all kinds of stuff was very very good food
Literally a block away from my house! I've been meaning to try AYCE at this place ever since it opened and finally got the chance. The very small amount of rice in the nigiri was a pleasant surprise and the fish was very fresh for a Vegas sushi joint. My favorites are the salmon belly and super white tuna. I also got three helpings of the cucumber side order and one order of octopus poki (yum!) to go with the AYCE. Everything else was pretty standard but all fresh.. . There's a chalkboard with special menu items, which included very delicious kobe beef nigiri, the desserts, and sake (the only special not included in the AYCE price).. . This was the first time I have ever saved room for dessert at AYCE sushi and it was well worth it! The red bean ice cream and green tea brulee were pretty darn good.. . The hostess and bussers were very attentive and friendly while the sushi chefs were not. Maybe it was a bad day/time or something but literally no sushi chef smiled once and when we ordered we were told to slow down (it wasn't even that much). They spent a large portion of the time talking to each other (it didn't even sound like friendly banter!). . The bathrooms had a nice touch - ice in the sink. And there were hooks under the bar where I sat to hang coats and bags, which was very convenient.. . Thank goodness I went before dinner because the wait can get pretty long later in the day.
This place is a must try for AYCE sushi in Vegas!  My husband I have been going here for a little over a year now, and have learned a couple of things after a few (we'll leave it at a few) visits.  First thing, come early or be ready to wait.  We usually come on the weekends and if you come during peak hours you could be waiting up to an hour sometimes (still worth the wait BTW).  Second, always do AYCE even if you think you're not that hungry.  The a la carte prices can get pricey and you're probably going to end up at the cost of the AYCE anyways.  Plus, be adventurous.  We love the AYCE here partly because you can try something without fear of not liking it.  Sushi house goyemon offers a loyalty card where you buy 10 AYCE and get the 11th free, so plenty of reason to come back.. . The sushi at Goyemon is fresh and they are very generous.  I mostly stick with the Nigiri and the rolls which you can't go wrong with.  I'd also recommend trying the sashimi salad, rice cracker, and pork belly (mmmm pork belly!).  The desserts are a perfect ending to the meal, especially the mochi and the green tea creme brulee.. . The service is just OK (thus 4 stars instead of 5).  I understand that they are busy on the weekends, but I usually find myself practically having to wave my hands in the air to get attention from our server.  A little more attention would have been much appreciated.. . Overall, the food is outstanding while the service could be a bit better.  Still your best option in Vegas for AYCE sushi, hands down...4 stars.
Very good sushi place about 15 minutes off the stripbut well worth the drive.  We chose the all you can eat option for dinner which was around $30 per person and basically you can order anything off the menu except they will only give you one piece of uni and sweet shrimp per person.  The uni, white tuna sushi and eel were my favorite.  They have alot of special rolls as well and I really liked the caterpillar roll and sunrise roll.  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars were that some of the special rolls came with alot of rice and they were just ok, I wish they also allowed you to order sashimi like some sushi places I've been to but it was still really good.  I would also recommend you order half rolls so you can try out items on the menu and definitely leave room for dessert because the mochi icecream and tempura icecream were awesome.
I usually dont think AYCE sushi places are all that great and are often given good reviews for no other reason then they soak everything in yum yum sauce and deep fry it. This place definitely the exception to that. Easily the best AYCE I have had in Vegas.. . The quality of their fish is really good being that we are nowhere near an ocean or decent body of water. Also inexpensive for the price. . . I usually judge a place on the quality of their nigiri not the rolls. The salmon belly is my favorite! Also they have great scallops. Also AYCE includes  grilled fish which is awesome. Grilled super white tuna is easily my second favorite. . . The lack of 5 stars is due to the rush on getting you served and out. It gets so bad that I have been asked what I want to order before I had sat all the way down, then again 30 seconds later and again 30 seconds after that (I wish I was kidding). But otherwise the service has been great.
All you can eat made to order. It's definitely one of the good ones. They do have the policy of having you pay for things you don't eat, so be careful about ordering too much. It makes sense though because sushi is pretty expensive.. They have a huge variety of choices, but the stand outs were definitely the white tuna and salmon sushi. However, they don't have sashimi (in the all you can eat menu) and you get full off of the rice with some of their special rolls, as they pack in the rice into some of them. . In any case, not a bad place at all. They only let you order the uni and the sweet shrimp sushi once because it's  pretty expensive, but that's ok because their other stuff is still pretty good =).. Stay for the mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream. Both are delicious! =)
Goyemon was a good stop before getting onto the strip! The fish was surprisingly fresh and I still wish I had ordered more of the mussels :(. . If you like cream cheese, order the pastel roll. I had this one last and even though I was getting full it seemed to open my stomach even more every time I bit into a new piece! One piece of the 9-1-1 roll caused me to drink half my cup of water so I'd watch out for that one! Lemon roll, not bad, mahalo roll, good. Calico roll (I think), not so good! I wasn't full, but it made me gag. I don't think I'm a fan of their cajun albacore. It looked odd upon presentation but yeah, the looks were not deceiving at all. Lots of rolls to try though and they let you order half rolls so take advantage of that!. Only complaints are that it takes a while for your orders to come out and their rolls have a little too much rice.. . Next time I'll focus on the nigiri since their fish is so fresh and I'd rather not fill up on rice.
I have been here so many times, and well all I can say is that the food is awesome, the waitstaff is great, and the sushi chefs are professionals Every time the food comes out, it is always so flavorful and fresh.  The time of waiting for food is ok, and the sushi chefs are always fast and nice.  My favorites are the sexy gril, ecstasy, and the pork belly.   This place is always busy so get here early if you dont to wait too long.  The only reason why I didnt give it a 5 star, is that the last time I came in the hostess was so cold and rude to my family and I.  She was not friendly, when we asked a question it seemed like she would not want to talk to us, and her body language was down right rude.  I understand it was a busy night, but she should be able to still be friendly.  It made many of my family members uncomfortable.  Everything else in the restaurant was awesome, but you know have that hostess just to lighten up.
AYCE in which you order off a menu, so it's all fresh. Stick with the nigiri (it's the perfect bite sized portion). The rolls will just fill you up.. . Come here right when they open on a weekend to avoid waiting. *To maximize your money, DON'T BE SHY when ordering. The server never put a limit on how much food we could order at one time.
Came here for the first time the last time I was in Vegas.  I came with a bunch of friends and we ate the all you can eat.  We pretty much tried all the sushi with ahi in it.  We are definately coming again.  Be sure to look on both sides of the menu.  There are many dishes so order half orders and if you find something that you really like then maybe order a full order.  They have your traditional nigiri sushi and many custom rolls.  Service is a little slow so order a couple of items.
Came here based off of a few local friend's recommendation and definitely glad I tried Sushi House Goyemon. I tried calling to make reservations, but they don't take reservations. I asked how long on average the wait is and they couldn't really say and when I asked just give me an approximation, they told me they have a wait every night. All I wanted was an answer of "the wait could be X min to Y hours"...but the hostess on the phone gave me a long run around...alittle annoyed.. . Upon arriving, it's located in a strip mall about 1.5 miles away from the strip. They have a time limit of 1 hour, which is plenty to get full in one sitting, and have selected pieces, the sweet shrimp and uni, to 1 order (2 pcs per person). After ordering, our food took quite some time to come out, about 25 min or so...seemed to take forever. we didn't go overboard with order the 1st round because they said if you have left overs or leave the rice, the restaurant will charge you a la carte price. So 2nd round we went overboard ha....ordered what we really liked from 1st round. Top contenders are:. . Super White Tuna (Pure awesome...must try as I've never had it and it was fresh and just umami delicious!!!). . Albacore. . Halibut. . Had a great time, didn't feel like we were rushed, good choices for sake and beer, but didn't get to try the tempura ice cream as they were out...I believe the AYCE is around $25-26 for dinner. I'd like to come back again but just make sure you come on a very hungry stomach so you'd be able to take advantage of the AYCE sushi.
This is definitely my favorite place for ayce. they are always busy, but the wait is worth it. the sushi chefs are all attentive and helpful. They also have a lot of daily specials; the kanpachi is awesome! I also recommend the pork belly, cajun albacore, and garlic tuna. Thepork is always so juicy and fatty, while the albacore and tuna taste so fresh and perfectly salty.. . Con: they dont take reservations so be prepared to wait, whether its for lunch or dinner.
They're located on Hacidenda and Decatur. Normal pricing for AYCE about $27 for dinner and $22 for lunch I believe. . . My favorite thing about the AYCE menu here is the endless dessert items you can order!!! I believe they're the last ones that will let you go all out on dessert items. . . The service is mediocre as they seem to have their good and bad days. They're able to handle small and large groups without that many problems. The service has been usually great, some days it seems slow though. . . The quality is pretty good. I have no complaints. They're definitely on par with Sushi Twister which is my favorite as far as nigiri sushi goes. I don't really go for the rolls so I can't really comment on those, but based on what my friends say when they order it from time to time, they're good as well. They do not put wasabi in the nigiri that I know of. Well at least the stuff I've ordered they haven't put any of it in, which I'm happy about. No surprises waiting for me when I take a bite! . . Their appetizer menu is good, I don't really like the gyoza as it tastes like one of the ones I try to avoid at the grocery stores. I usually get edamame, miso soup, and a LOT of vegetable and shrimp tempura if I order from the appetizer menu, but I haven't been ordering those as of late. . . Ama ebi nigiri is only offered for dinner pricing! I was a little sad at lunch when they told me that, but I wasn't going to eat enough to warrant paying more for, so I usually skip that during lunch.
very good quality for AYCE sushi and for the price you pay- only $21 for lunch and includes dessert. came here on monday (pres day) and there was a short wait but i imagine its much worse on weekends. i was satisfied with the quality of the fish- it was well above average but they use a LOT of rice in their nigiri so we got full pretty fast. theres a 45 min time limit but its plenty of time. and maybe because it started to clear out toward the end of our meal but service was pretty fast
Came here with a group of friends when we came to Vegas for my birthday weekend :]. . The ambiance is very trendy/hipster like with cute decor all around. The hostess told us there's a wait even though we saw a handful of empty tables that were calling our names to be seated. We had to ask the hostess a few time if she forgot about us, she replied by saying she didn't want to stack the server hence the hold in seating. . . Our server was kind enough to inform us that sushi was a bit backed up so she encouraged us to order more kitchen items. We really enjoyed the large variety of items that Goyemon provided and there was no maximum of items each person can order at a time. . . The quality of the fish was great, especially for an AYCE joint. One thing that you should remember, you can order HALF portions, which we should have done so we were able to try a larger variety of items [nigiris, rolls, tempura, kitchen, and dessert]. The only downside is, you cannot order Uni or Amaebi during lunch as part of the AYCE menu. Even for dinner, only 1 order allowed per person. . . One highlight of the meal is BEWARE!!! of the 9-1-1 roll, my friend and I thought we could conquer this Spicy Tuna look-a-like roll, infused with habanero juice [which the chefs make themselves]. The server already gave us a fair warning that it's spicy and wow...it was no joke. I thought I could eat spicy but O-M-G...my face was on fire and my tongue lost all sense of its taste, I literally soaked my tongue in my Arnold Palmer for a good 5 minutes before it went back to 75% of its normality.. . For the price [$21.95], you really get a bang for your buck. I think this will be to go spot for [AYCE] sushi whenever I am in Vegas.
Hostess was totally unreasonable, our seats @ the bar was ready but she made us wait @ least 30 min before she sat us down. She kept walking around, talking to other customers & doing who knows what...WTH??!! -1. . AYCE Dinner Review $26.95:. . Sashimi salad yummy 4 stars. . Poke salad was just ok 5 stars. . White salmon so yummy 5 stars. . Unagi was just ok 3 stars. . Grilled mussels yummy 5 stars. . Black tobiko caviar was pretty good 4 stars. . Sea urchin uni yummy 5 stars. . Sweet shrimp amaebi so yummy 5 stars. . Surf clam was soft, not chewy yummy 5 stars. . Scallops was yummy too very fresh 5 stars. . Green tea brulee, taste was kinda off 3 stars. . Chocolate mousse was very bland 3 stars. . Raspberry mousse was too tart 2 stars. . The freshness here beats AYCE sushi places in CA hands down.. . Lychee was so delicious perfect desert w bits of real lychee inside 5 stars. . Green tea ice cream good 4 stars. . Red bean ice cream was ok im not a fan of red bean 3 stars. . Ice creams were much better tasting than all of the mousses =). . Overall, this is one of the BEST AYCE sushi places I've tried...=)
Sat at the Sushi bar and that was probably the best decision I've made. Came in on a Friday night around 10:30pm and the place was packed. We originally wanted a table but the wait was going to be about 15 minutes, then saw 2 seats open up at the bar so we sat there. The service from the wait staff was decent, drinks were refilled without having to ask and the food from the kitchen came out in a timely manner. The baked mussels came with a sauce thats a little different from the typical spicy mayo thats at every other Sushi restaurant and the pork belly was good, but came out a little cold.. The sushi chefs were on point, everything we ordered from them came out fast. We ordered almost all nigiri and they quality and cut of the fish was above average. We understood going in that this isnt going to be top notch sushi, not in the desert and not for under $30 AYCE so with expectations where they should be, we were very pleased with our experience at Goyemon and will return again.
late night AYCE (All You Can Eat).... really great staff and very fresh product. A friend and I shot down to Goyemon at around 1 am as they do last eating from AYCE at 2am.. or so I am told. . . We walked in, the staff was very welcoming and everyone was all smiles even as we walked in 2 hours before close. The two chefs behind tghe sushi counter were both very jovial and friendly and happily obliged as my friend and I put away about 30 nigiri in about 30 minutes.. then it was on to sashimi and pork belly.. on their suggestion. Really I think they were trying to keep us happy and use up product for the day, which was a WIN situation for us as we are hungry guys. Everything tasted so good and fresh. . . Suhi House Goyemon has become something I enjoy and therefore I will be back often! thank you guys! Happy eating!
I love their all you can eat. It's my new favorite place to go to when I'm back in Vegas. They have a LOT of variety of specialty rolls, but I mostly just order their nigiri because their fish is pretty fresh. The only down side about the place is their service. They need to hire more than 2 servers for dinner shifts. It takes forever to flag the server down and the food takes awhile to make also.
SO.... INCREDIBLY.... FULL... . Got the AYCE here and it was spectacular. They have a ton of specialty rolls, (TWO PAGES IN FACT) with all of their descriptions on the menu AND pictures of each one on a separate, laminated menu. All the rolls looked absolutely delicious and I was lucky to try many of them. I got a perfect seat in the bar right next to the sushi chef so my food came out quickly and I was able to get everything exactly the way I want it. . . I highly recommend the ecstasy roll, the sweet shrimp unagi, and the volcano roll. They do not skimp out on the quality of the rolls even if you go with AYCE. The rolls are big and will fill you up real quickly if you do not pace yourself. There are SO many choices too, so come in being prepared to choose decisively so that you can get your food sooner.. . Their desserts are also pretty bomb here as well. I talked with the chef and he told me that they have the only lychee gelato around. I ordered that and the green tea brulee. Both desserts were incredible, but I especially loved the green tea brulee. It wasn't overly sweet and I loved the green tea flavor and crispiness of the top. . . It was a great meal and I'd come here again if I was in the area!
I've been to a few sushi places in Las Vegas, but this restaurant has got to be on my top for it's selection and taste. I really enjoy the variety of sushi they give you for all-you-can-eat especially for the Nigiri which is my favorite and the only thing I ever order there. Their rolls are delicious too and sometimes overwhelming when it comes to the amount they give you, but overall still delicious.
The wife and I were spending a relaxing weekend in Vegas.  She saw the reviews about this joint and we headed on down.  We read all of the negatives about the service here but we had nothing but great service from the waiters.  We were seated in about 35 minutes and started grubbing away.  The pork belly is maybe the best thing ever made.  How good was it?  My wife even loved it and she doesn't generally like pork belly.  We were also big fans of the white tuna, the scallop, and the salmon belly.  My wife loved the pixie roll and the chubby roll.  You can also order a handroll if you don't want the cut roll.  They also have uni, amaebi, and sardines.  They only thing we did not have when we went was the toro.  For all you can eat, they have premium sushi.  Its probably the best all you can eat sushi I've ever been to.
First time: 5 stars. + I seriously left dreaming about this place and couldn't wait to return. + Really fresh fish. + AYCE sushi that's affordable. + AYCE includes desserts (I ordered 3 -  yes, I have a sweet tooth). + Special nigiri items can be ordered as well. - Long wait (but it was totally worth it). - No sashimi. . Second time: 4 stars. + Wait wasn't as long. - Fish wasn't as fresh . . Overall would definitely return to this off-the-strip AYCE sushi joint.  It's such a good deal and the fresh is relatively fresh.  If you're not into sushi they have other options as well.  Till next time Goyemon!
good quality sushi for AYCE.. . staff isn't always nice. i almost want to give them 3star rating for the staff issues.
All you can eat menu is amazing! Quality of sushi totally surpasses the price we paid. Coming to Goyemon has become a ritual for us while driving to the strip from LA. Favorite dishes are: uni, sweet shrimp, cajun albacore, super white tuna, mussels, and poki. If I HAVE to pick on something about the place, it would be their service. Sometimes, their staffs come off a bit cold and distant. But all you got to do is to focus on the great food and forget about these minor unpleasantness.
Awesome-sauce ayce sushi place! Loved this pork belly, crispy spicy tuna dish, uni, and the highlight of my dinner was the lychee sorbet and green tea creme brulee. . . The orders come out a little slow and there is a lot of rice so they can stuff you with less sashimi. They have lots of sushi roll choices and it is so worth it for the dinner price compared to the buffets on the strip.. . The pork belly is a must-try. I am a big dessert fanatic and had 4-5 lychee sorbets by myself and 2 green tea creme brulees. I have never been to an all-you-can-eat sushi place where they let you have all-you-can-eat dessert too, so this is place is a gem! :D my sugar tooth was high as a kite on lychee sorbet and green tea creme brulee! Great to change things up and eat at this ayce sushi restaurant when you get sick the hotel buffets.
BEST SASHIMI I HAVE HAD (so far at least)! AND I love how the all you can eat includes EVERYTHING on the menu. . . Kobe nigiri won me over.. . Service is a bit eh though. I also didn't like how the AYCE only lasted an hour. I felt jipped, but satisfied all at the same time.
One of the best AYCE sushi places! Came here around 11 pm with 4 people and there was still a short wait. I could literally sit there and only eat 3 things: seaweed salad, super white tuna and conch (on the daily special menu). Sushi must be order with the rice & like most AYCE, rice must be eaten. The fish quality is quite superb. Downfall is that your dining time is LIMITED to one hour!! This is difficult if you are dining with a group.  I will definitely come here again!
food is awesome. can be abit crowded during lunch - can't blame them, they have good food with reasonable price. so why not 5 stars? 1 star is deducted from our angry server, who seemed like she hated what she's doing.
A bit pricey but other than that very high quality. Let us off the hook with a bit of leftovers. Also caught one of the sushi chefs handling cash with his gloves which I thought he would take off before handling sushi again but I was wrong, he kept the gloves on.
Was a big big fan of Yama sushi until I found this place. Yeah it cost a buck more for their AYCE but there's no stupid limitations on the mochi ice cream and green tea ice cream.  There's also no (3 Rounds of Food) like most AYCE sushi places. Was worried that service would be slow but actually the food came out pretty quick. Overall very impressed and willvisit again.
Their menu on their website lists uni and amaebi for AYCE lunch, same with Sushimon's website so don't be fooled.  It's a little disappointing but the sushi(not rolls) is good nonetheless.
They have a good AYCE here. Fast friendly service. However, I prefer YAMA sushi - much more variety.
Had lunch here for the first time, the menu is pretty standard blend of typical Japanese dishes and sushi , the price is very decent which makes it good for Lunch, they have specials that include two full rolls, soup, and salad which it pretty filling. If it was closer to work I would probably go more often. :)
Lost one star cuz hostess forgot about us and gave us a dumb excuse like she called us but we didn't answer. Umm we were right outside and my cell didn't ring. U screwed up babe, own it.
I think I like about this place is they do give you large portion of edamame and salads.  Most of the all you can eat sushi only give you a tiny plate of side dishes. . The fish quality is acceptable for all you can eat but their bake rolls are bit weak compare to sushi fever. . . Service is friendly and they do encourage you to eat a lot here. LoL
The only place where youcan eat as many shrimp heads as you want..pork belly appetizer is awesome..everything is pretty decent and all you can eat deserts are cool features about this place..but its a super small place and gets packed everyday..
Typically I don't like to review after one visit, but even after a 30 minute wait for a party of one, I still felt the love for Goyemon. . . I think this place is owned by the same folks who own Monta which explains the tininess of the space. It maybe sits 50 people max which makes for an intimate dining experience whether you want it to be or not. I came by myself on a Sunday afternoon and had to wait 30 minutes for a table and because I had nothing else to do and wasn't rage hungry, I waited. There were a few open spaces at the bar, but I honestly think they were trying to maximize the service experience; instead of packing the house, they pace themselves which I guess I can appreciate.. . I'm not the biggest fan of AYCE but had faith in the reviews about the quality here, and really sometimes I just want to get the most bang for my buck. What I like about this place is how un-American the execution is; portion sizes are....reasonable and I don't mean that in a bad way. Sometimes you go to these AYCE places and the rolls are offensively large and the nigiri sushi pieces are big but so flavorless. Goyemon does an amazing job of portioning out  smaller but excellent pieces of fish, so I really felt like I got my money's worth. My favorite roll that I had was the crispy rice tuna; crunchy, salty, savory bites of tuna heaven! Also had the salmon, eel, albacore and tuna nigiri-all very fresh and delicious. I'm pretty boring when it comes to sushi and mostly stick to nigiri so can't speak to the rest of their jazzed up rolls, but the fish spoke for itself: quality.. . Also had a few appetizers like the miso soup, shrimp tempura and fried gyoza, all fantastic. I'd come back to try some more of the apps, particularly the pork belly that everyone is raving about in Goyemon's reviews.. . All in all, a quality sushi experience at an AYCE price that was worth the wait.
Oh sweet dear lord Jesus they're open late and it's All-you-can-eat sushi! And how the hell do they offer pretty much THE ENTIRE MENU. It does cost more than your typical AYCE sushi joint, but DAMN is it way better!. . 27 for dinner is the price of admission to this wonderland of fish. They have a bunch of daily specials that you are more than welcome to try. My head was spinning trying to pick what I wanted, but then I slapped myself into reality to focus on the sushi, particularly the nigiri!. . The nigiri here are pretty small which means I can eat a shitload of them! My favorites were the Ama-ebi (sweet shrimp) served with the deep fried head, the salmon, the hamachi (yellowtail), and the kanpachi (amperjack which was one of the daily specials). I didn't want to try the numerous other things, but next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely try more. . . I mean HEY, be happy! Come here late at night, have some sushi and just chill! This place is definitely worth trying if you're feeling for some AYCE sushi in Vegas. I wasn't disappointed!
We entered hungry as a group of 5 after a long day of exploring around the vast place, which is Las Vegas... We exited as rolly polly balls probably since it felt like we needed someone to roll us out of the joint.  . . Probably one of the best $30 investments I made for all you can eat sushi. No arguments there. . . Wait time can be horrendous and it seems to get packed super fast. Luckily enough for our group of 5, we had no wait! . . There seems to be a limit on certain things you can order. The expensive ones like the ebi/shrimp and uni (I believe) all falls under this cap. Ebi was delish, don't forget to try. And to say I'm not usually an ebi getter!. . Unagi for days (was a bit boney), but the flavor was there, and the spicy ahi/tuna hand rolls (note, it being spicy, I needed a couple of water refills), and raw fish up the ying yang. We ate anything and everything,  including fried shrimp heads (do not fear the shrimp heads, they're actually not that bad even though you're eating a face).. . So though I'm raving why only 4 stars? Because I'm a major dessert fan, the tempura/fried ice cream and green tea ice cream did not do it for me. The ice cream in the tempura batter really didn't taste like vanilla ice cream, it kind of had the consistency of sherbert. Also, the tempura batter was soggy and not crunchy like when you think of typical fried ice cream. The green tea ice cream came to us half melted,  resulting in a puddle of frothy melted ice cream. That made me sad.. . Then again, you really don't come to an all you can eat sushi for their desserts. Sushi... Goyemon aced it!
Every time I go here I go for the AYCE. Very good investment if you get several orders the baked mussels. I go here though for the Super White Tuna Nigiri and The Volcano since it doesn't have cream cheese. Great place for lunch but prepare to wait or go somewhere else for dinner since it's usually 30 mins to an hour wait for the next table. Overall it's always a good experience to dine here.
Personally, whenever I go to sushi houses, I never eat anything but the AYCE. I feel like the value of the price relative to how much you can eat will surpass the value of the sushi itself, but that is dependent on the person. They have a normal lunch menu as well as AYCE during lunch, but I'm not so sure about dinner. . . On my various visits, I've been satisfied with the service. My first two times I came to Goyemon when I ordered, I ordered a lot the first time and the server gave me this warning of a sort that if I don't finish the food, I have to pay extra. Personally, I don't like people telling me stuff like that just because I know I wouldn't order more than I could eat, but I understand a lot of people don't finish their food and they just want to be pre-cautious.The servers are busy usually, but I also feel like they try not to make eye contact with you or something so you don't order more or something, for obvious reasons. So when you need something, you have to raise your hand and speak up.. . The food I would say is quite good. I am very satisfied with the quality of the rice and fish they serve. I personally love rolls, and so I am really satisfied with the rolls that they serve. I only wish they had a wider selection. Their nigiri is delicious as well. My favorite is the super white tuna and I recommend that to anyone who is new to eating sushi.
You could fit this restaurant in my living room. The pictures I saw prior to visiting didn't quite represent the real space. . They take NO RESERVATIONS. So, we bet on arriving early.. We were seated 10 min later and we opted for the bar, otherwise the wait would have been longer. Looks like this place is packed all the time, well, it's Vegas, baby!. . As far as All-U-Can-Eat-Sushi option, I would only go for it if I were that guy from Food Network who swallows 10 giant burgers as one meal. Also, they charge you for left over food, so don't even bother. . There's a very nice selection of sushi rolls, very creative and imaginative menu.. Started off with Dynamite app: Baked baby scallops with mushrooms and onions. Yum!. The menu features Baked rolls, Tempura rolls, Deep fried rolls and Specialty rolls (about 40 varieties all together).. Fish was very fresh and rolls were delicious!!. The chefs behind the bar were extra friendly.. . Well worth visiting.
Only reason why it doesn't get 5 stars is because you always have to wait 20 minutes for a table and service can be slow at times. Not the worst thing - just means they're so busy because its delicious!!! Just go 30 min before your hungry.
Yay for first reviews! I always criticize food places and I've eaten a good amount of sushi. Having gone here tonight with my boyfriend's family (and still bloated from dinner), I thought this place deserved my first yelp review. Here it goes:. . Restaurant and Ambience: I have been to Goyemon more than 6 times for AYCE. Each time, the restaurant is fairly busy and full. For a party of six, I had to wait about 45 minutes for a table. Bathrooms were always clean and the sword on display above the toilet is pretty cool. The menu is similar to that of SushiMon on Maryland because they have the same owner. AYCE is everything on the menu, the specials onthe chalkboard, as well as the ones on the placemat. What I love about this sushi place is that you are able to do half orders of special rolls which gives you more opportunity to try different rolls without pressure of over ordering.. . Sushi: My favorite special rolls are the Lemon roll, Pastel roll, and Crunchy Rice roll. Each one has a distinctive flavor characteristic to the roll, which is nice because I've been to some sushi places (great sushi) but the rolls feel heavy and complicated. In these, you taste the fish and the ingredients compliment each other. For dinner, I also order the grilled cajun salmon and pork belly. Did I mention that dessert is AYCE too? Not only mochi, but red bean or lychee sorbet, fried tempura ice cream, and specials like the chocolate mousse. They have hot green tea but it tasted more like hot barley tea, which I didn't mind because I love barley. Service was friendly and prompt tonight. Food came out reasonably fast for bulk ordering. There were some slow points.. . Overall: I keep coming back to this place with occasional visits to try out other sushi restaurants. The nigiri fish are a bit smaller for my liking and tonight, it wasn't as moist as the last time I had tried them. I don't find their appetizers "craving" worthy although they are decent. The grilled salmon are also ordered by piece and their about the size of your thumb. It 's not comparable to the grilled slab you get from Yama sushi. I guess I just have a problem with portions, but I overall like the place enough to be a regular.. . IF you want to become a regular, ASK FOR A STAMP CARD! It works for Sushi Mon too and the 11th AYCE is free. Yay free sushi!
brought my bf here when he was in town because we don't have all you can eatsushi in houston.. . it's a small restaurant (right by my house!) and i would expect it to be packed during dinner time as it was busy during lunch. there is a time frame as to how long you can dine in on the all you can eat menu -45 minutes. it's $23 bucks per person.. . now, keep in mind you can order HALF ORDERS on everything. we didn't know until later and made the mistake of ordering whole rolls and was stuffed by the time we finished our fifth. it makes it more worth it if you are able to try many different rolls because they're all really good!. . i personally love the nigiri menu, i had about eight pieces of the yellowtail- try it with ponzu sauce and jalapenos and you have yourself a mouthwatering dish! . . i loved their lychee sherbet dessert, it was delicious! . . overall, i highly recommend this place. though we did come out of the restaurant way too stuffed and on the edge of throwing up...at least we were satisfied.
The wait was for awhile, but when you're with great companies, it didn't really matter!   I thoroughly enjoyed my uni and the fresh sweet shrimps.  The poke salad was delish.  Nigiri was nicely done, not too much rice.  Too bad I didn't really enjoy the salmon nigiri though because the salmon was really thin so it wasn't sweet.  The scallops nigiri was amazing too.  Desserts = :)  .. . It's a good place to go in place of other buffets on the strip if you're just craving from Japanese AYCE.
Got my tempura ice cream this time around but the servers got much of our orders mixed up. We were in the back room. But the food was still excellent - kudos for super white tuna, hamachi, pork belly and hurricane roll. I'd rather sit at the bar and watch the chefs make the sushi fresh.
I've dined at Goyemon a few times and the food here is pretty amazing. I'm particularly a fan of the garlic edamame, grilled pork belly (hands down one of the best things on their menu), hamachi nigiri, white tuna nigiri, baked mussels...the list goes on and on. The food never disappoints. I will definitely come back to this place! So why not four stars? The receptionist didn't really look like she was happy to be there and the service has room for improvement. Our orders had gotten messed up on several accounts, and because we were in a separate room (we had a party of 14) it seemed like they forgot us. The wait was about 30 minutes which is actually very fast at this place. Sometimes you can wait over an hour...but in all honesty, it's worth the wait. The $26 you pay for the All You Can Eat dinner includes: select nigiris and rolls, more than a few hot (grilled, fried, baked) items, drinks and dessert. Be sure to check the chalk board next to the sushi bar which includes daily all you can eat specials! More than worth it in my opinion!
Came here for the $26 AYCE sushi. You get an hour to stuff your face! The service is pretty bad, and even downright rude at times, but just grab any waiter walking by and place your next order or get your drink filled. If the review was just for the service, I'd only give this place one star. But the 4 stars are for the price, variety of menu options, speed and quality.. . Here are some of my fave menu items:. - Sashimi salad. - Miso soup with shrimp heads. - Fried shrimp heads. - Garlic edamame. - Pork belly **one of the best I've ever had!. - Rice crisps **wasn't sure about this, but ended up ordering 3 more plates of it! DELISH. - Cajun salmon **check out their chalk board for specialty items. . - Cajun anything! . - Superwhite. . All of the rolls were fresh and none of them were overloaded with rice. The dessert menu is by far the best I've seen on any AYCE menu. The mochi and green tea ice cream were sooo good! They even have chocolate mousse, just the perfect ending to a great dinner.. . You may have to wait if you come with a group of 5 or more, and they stop seating at 2am, so make sure to get there with enough time. This is quickly becoming a local hot spot!
This is one of my go-to AYCE sushi joints because of its selection, quality, and proximity to my house. I haven't had anything I disliked and I really like the fact that you can order "half rolls" from their specialty rolls menu!! That's amazing because I love trying as many items as possible and this way, I don't have to eat too much. Their stamp card is also a neat incentive. It does expire though, so it certainly awards frequency in visits or large parties. They do not combine stamp cards, so remember to bring it!. . I usually order Tuna, Yellowtail, and Salmon nigiri and hand rolls. Fortunately, they're very good here and one sushi chef in particular handles the fish very well. I like the specialty rolls like the Hurricane, Red Dragon, and Mahalo (which is just a Spam Musubi in roll form, but still so great). I usually go for ones with different fishes and possibly shrimp tempura, but no cream cheese (or I just ask for it to be omitted).. . Additionally, service is good and the location is easily accessible. It can get pretty busy, but my fiance, siblings, and I typically go at times to avoid the crowd. That works out well and we haven't had to wait long for a table!. . AYCE Lunch is $21.95 and Dinner is $26.95 (as of 09/26/2013).
This is becoming one of my new frequent sushi spots. They have such a unique menu of rolls, the sushi is fresh, they have quick service and the servers are pretty attentive. . . The spicy tuna rice cracker is soooo good and so is their edamame. The rolls i really liked were the pastel, calico, sexy girl, lemon and yesibu. I love that you can do half rolls and sample everything. Although, the whole rolls aren't overwhelming big that you can only eat 2. . . Can't wait to go back.
Nothing special I think this place tastes like all the other places I've eaten at but nonetheless, it's still tasted good! I had the Salmon Special which was very tasty, I loved the sauce that came with my salmon and the fact that I had a small dish of coleslaw as well. My friend had udon and it smelled and looked so good! I'll have to try it next time!
I just found my new AYCE sushi spot in Vegas. When it comes to AYCE sushi, I'm pretty particular. While some places limit what you can get on the menu or overload your rolls with rice, this place does the exact opposite. The sushi AND appetizers/starters are included in their AYCE menu, and they have a great selection of unique starters and specials.. (Their Spicy Tuna Rice Crackers are a must!!). They have a good selection of speciality rolls, and each roll comes with plenty of fish. The $27 price is competitive for the quality and quality. I just wish I had enough room in my stomach to try everything, but I'm definitely coming back!
Got referred by my friend to visit the place in vegas n had great time enjoying dinner! Waiting is unavoidable. Though host was way off on estimated wait time. The server named Rie was on top of her job feeding two ravenous mutants. All u can eat sushi was just about right size. Green tea Brulee n lychee sherbert desserts were awesome. Totally worth waiting 45min. to hr.
I love dessert and i love green tea soooooo green tea brulee got me!. I went there before for lunch on weekend, we had to wait for 45 mins. It was ok.. and i just went there again on monday night, no wait time but service was a little slow maybe they didn't have enough servers. but after we ordered, food came so fast. thumb up for the chef. Pork belly is amazing. sushi is good, small portion of rice. Uni is not fishy like other places. I also love garlic edamame :) and yeah all you can eat dessert! :) they limited the special dessert though but still good enough to order one each from the special ones
The sushi is pretty good for what my opinion is worth. I usually eat the stuff that has been either baked or cooked in some way because I'm a loser (or so I've been told by various companions of mine at sushi restaurants). As far as being Paleo friendly, I don't think you can get much better than fresh fish, kelp, and some white rice. Skip the soy sauce (contains gluten!) and the mayo-based sauces and you're golden.. . It's expensive, like all other sushi restaurants, and I'm skeptical of the quality of their fish for that price like I am with all other sushi restaurants, but given that it tastes so good I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. . . The only real problem I have is that given the price of the all-you-can-eat, I feel like I have to eat at least 3 rolls to break even so I always leave there feeling like I've eaten way more than I should! . . . (To clarify, I prefer wild-caught fish over farmed fish, but they make no mention on the menu or anywhere else about the sourcing of their fishes, and when I asked the waitresses didn't know. Wild-caught fish would be worth the price and I wouldn't call them too expensive. Farmed fish is not worth the price, and if that's what they use then they're too expensive.)
Been here twice.  $27 for dinner all you can eat.  Sushi is good - not fantastic, but not bad - comparable to almost anywhere else.  What is fun - the fact you can order and order and order - since you can get half roll (maki) you can really eat a lot of sushi and try everything.  Pay attention to the black board to the right of the sushi bar - with specials.  Salmon Belly was available one night - super fantastic.  Super White Tuna - fantastic. Salmon and Hamachi really good.  Scallop - good. Conch, Halibut and Sweet Shrimp - were just OK.  Lots of desserts included. Sea Weed Salad, things other than sushi are included but you order with your waiter and not the sushi chefs.  Sit at the sushi counter - fun and they just wait on you attentively - asking you what you like and giving you whatever you want.   Spicy Tuna crackers everyone raves about - didn't seem that special. Everyone raves about the Pork Belly - was OK.  But hey - its included so try it.  Service is good.  Sitting at the Sushi Bar - much better because you have the sushi guy right there asking you what you want all the time. Fun to take a friend and just go thru all the sushi you can possibly go thru.
Okay this is my 4th time here and I really like this place for nigiri sushi. the rolls don't really impress me. I am more a nigiri person, sushi is about the fish not about jazzed up mayo or Teri sauce. Goyemon does have a impressive selection of nigiri for a AYCE. . . They also do have great desserts and appetizers. I like it because no limit on dessert like some places. . . They also have a black board that changes daily with specials that includes special fish of the day. On this day it was conch, konpachi, Bonita, jalepeno massage and negatoro. The conch nigiri so good. . . On this day service was greatly improved with servers being really attentive to us. I have tried most of the major AYCE sushi joints in Vegas and no one can beat Goyemon on fish varieties and varieties of rolls, appetizers.. . Only con is the long wait, usually 30 to 40 min wait. Very popular place and it's a small place. I've been in there at 1am and it's packed during mid week
Good sushi, always order the spiciest roll! Great sushi salad. Went on our lunch break.
Please be prepared to wait. An all you can eat sushi menu is such an amazing deal you won't regret it!  Great sushi, busy atmosphere, and worth it! My fav is sweet shrimp nigiri sushi and halibut sushi.  What to choose for rolls is endless.
