* Since there's no ONLINE MENU - I took pictures for ya'll! Look in the photo gallery. * . . The namesake carries some heavy expectations and also prejudices for a TV personality, but this place really has done justice even on just their 2nd day of being opened. I was excited for this as a few days prior I walked by and they were having a meeting. I stood there listening in and looking through the curtain like a total creeper.  I was worried there might be a wait, being a famous name, and brand new. I did try to call, but had a hard time getting to them and decided to come chance it anyways. It was busy, but there was no wait to be seated when we came at 5ish.. . The menu is a cheeky paper menu that they encourage you to take as a souvenir, if you wish. With us being a bit of fans, yes, I took mine home. *blush*. Some people might be confused with the two different pricing but the orange is for Total Rewards members of PH Hotel&Casino so before dining, go get a card for a savings of $1 off per each item you order. . . The Farm Burger - this was a rather good burger if you like something to showcase natural flavors than big zesty spicy accompaniments. You can tell the meat quality is top notch and the flavor on it is fantastic. We did order a medium rare but it was more on the medium side, just a small oversight. The duck bacon was a curiousity, but basically just like bacon, just less fatty than pork. The brioche bun was so lovely soft and had a perfect flavor and toast to the inside. The egg is always a good flavor with beef. It needed a tad something to tie it all together so put some of the chipotle or curry ketchup on it! It isn't a huge burger, but trust we were full splitting all our items and I can tuck in and eat. . . Fresh roasted chili dawg - so the beef "devil dawgs" are cooked in a hellfire hot sauce and then grilled. I would rarely say a hot dog is gourmet or worth paying for, but this was seriously good. Fuck Pinks next door (its not like the one in LA anyways), and get this instead! I love the crispy texas toast like hot dog bun it was on and the dog was snappy, and super juicy and does taste of hotsauce it was cooked in! The toppings of the jalapeno, roasted fresno peppers, avocado, onion, cheddar and chipotle mayo were perfect with it. . . Just Fries - these were lovely skin on fries. I read in a press junket they use a specific more fluffy potato and do the 3 step fry method. These were crisp yet fluffy, not thick but not thin either and for me that's the ideal fry. The chipotle and curry ketchups were both very good, I didn't have a favorite. I just alternated every other fry.  . . Shake # 5 - they split ours up for us which was a nice move on their service. This was rich and so good. I love the texture and flavor contrast between the shake and the swirl of pudding they put. This one was chocolate hazelnut pudding with coffee shake and a awesome praline cookie thin. It didn't taste too much like hazelnuts though, but more like chocolate caramel pudding but still good. It was good to split, it would have been too much for me to do one whole. . . Service was super friendly, personable and attentive. Much more cohesive than I would expect of a newbie restaurant. They asked how we heard of them, hows our day going, explained the menu, etc as we sat down and browsed. Our drinks were filled without ever asking and we were checked on a few times to see how we are doing. Their uniforms here are something else. Ladies are very form fitting and short so there's a eyecandy element to this place. After ordering our food did take a while to get to us so we sat around for a bit. Still, I would rather have it cooked right than rushed to where standards are lowered. . . Very satisfied with this meal and will be returning absolutely! Of course on principle I do reserve 5 stars for consistency upon return visits, but this is a highly recommended 4 stars. Definitely one of the better burgers I've had in this city and I don't trek onto the strip for bollocks either.
Really on the 3/4 fence here.  Server, when she was to be found, was very enthusiastic and seemed genuinely excited about her job.  The problem was the execution of her role: asked three times for an ice water, waited 10-15 minutes for a beer, etc.  They were fairly busy and had only been opened three days, so maybe she was still getting acclimated, but I do get tired of making excuses for weak service, whatever the reason is.. . The burger I had with bleu cheese was outstanding and the ($8) fries were very good as well.  But perhaps the biggest surprise was how tasty the naan, veggie and sea salt hummus was as an appetizer.. . There were three people in our party and the tab, with tip, was $142 and included three alcoholic beverages.  Obscene-even by Strip standards-for a burger joint, but I guess I'd recommend it if you're in the area and don't want to cross the street for the equally good-and not quite as pricey-Holsteins.
The food is really good, the service needs a ton of work.  Gordon should bring a crew his TV show that turns around restaurants here to give them some tips.. . My dining companions and I shared onion rings, a cheeseburger and a hot dog.  The Hells Kitchen burger was tasty and packed a bit of heat from the peppers. A solid burger that I would order again.  The dog was so huge that it was borderline obscene, also very tasty and packed some heat.  The rings and fries were perfectly good, nothing spectacular.. . The service was slllloooooowwwww.  We waited 40 minutes after ordering for the food to arrive.  I am sure the kitchen is slammed and working out the kinks since they've only been open a week but the servers made it worse with comments such as: . . "Wow, your food hasn't arrived yet, that's totally sucks!  But I promise it will be worth the wait, save room for dessert". . The comment may have been cute and peppy 1 time but it was gratingly annoying the fifth time.. . I'll come back after the kinks have been worked out of the operation.  The burgers are really, really good...
It was 3 star for food but great service bumped it up to 4 star! We ordered many different types of food  to try on. The shakes are AMAZING and unique! The 2 shakes that we ordered were: Coconut pudding and strawberry shake, Butterscotch pudding and banana shake. The shakes have a floating pudding on top, creating a different balance of color, texture and taste! Our Truffle parmesan fries came cold and too salty, so we sent it back for a more hot and less salt, and it was perfect. For burgers we had Hell's Kitchen burger (a bit spicy, perfect!), Uber cheese burger (the trio cheese has a unique flavor), and Farm burger, that had egg, oozing out. My favorite was the Hell's burger. We ordered Pork belly Dawg, which was a New York dog (super salty, beware!), with bits of cha siu that was overpowered by the saltiness of the dog, but the bun was a killer. My favorite small dish was Roasted jalapeno poppers that was filled with cheddar cheese, cream cheese and bacon bits,  presented in 6 small shooter glass. Not only it was visually appealing, it also had a bold kick in taste factor! Sticky toffee pudding with vanilla ice cream  was memorable too. I loved the way they put it in a clear pop sickle case that you have to push up to eat it. I know they are just opened a few days ago and there were still things to improve. I will definitely give them a chance again in the future.  I had a nice talk with the friendly manager, Emily, and she was listening and was writing down notes. I liked the fact that they are open minded, and willing to take suggestion to improve. The best part was the SERVICE! They explained the menu and food with passion, very knowledgeable, and very open minded for improvement! Manager Emily ROCKS!!
Not sure why people are giving this place less than 3-stars =/. . Just tried this place out on NYE and it was pretty good in my mind.. Although the wait was a bit irritating since we had a party of 6, but not much to blabble about. . . Service was great, waitress, hostess, even the manager were all friendly. . . Food in my opinion was nothing less-expected from GR. . . Ordered the Euro-Burger (Rare) and the Truffle Parmesan Fries. . . Both were amazing. Burger was cooked to my order. The fries were dericious, when they were still hot. The 2 sauces (Truffle Aioli & Ketchup) that came with the fries made my taste buds go insane. I especially liked the in-house kitchen ketchup, it had a sweet flavoring to it. . . Overall: I would recommend this place for people visiting Vegas to at least try it out. . Will definitely come back and do another review after trying more of their menu!!
A burger is a burger is a  burger, and I'll always be hard pressed to believe that any burger joint can offer a "fine dining" experience. Gordon Ramsay BurGR understands this, and while a meal there is not "fine dining", it is most definitely "fun dining".. . I've visited twice already. Once to sample the burgers and then a second time, because the crazy list of appetizers and sweet treats on the menu caught my eye and lulled me to come back sooner than later. Both visits were a hit.. . The menu  is clean and simple and offers eight burgers and three "dawgs" as mains. There are also three burgers that come "stacked" with a meat patty and a meaty extra like shaved prosciutto or duck bacon. . . I had the delicious Char Siu Burger served with a beef patty and a slice of roasted pork belly, cucumber, radish, cilantro and a honey-hoisin sauce. The Asian-inspired extras were a nice touch, but the star was the medium rare beef patty that was succulent and juicy, and one of the best burgers I have had on the strip.. . The missus ordered the Fresh Roasted Chili Dawg that was smothered with roasted fresno peppers, jalapenos, and a touch of chipotle ketchup. This was also a smash and was so much better than the hot dogs served next door at Pinks.. . On our second trip in almost as many days we tackled the "snacks" section of the menu and tried three of the six appetizers. . . The Fury Chicken Wings play off the Hell's Kitchen theme that is somewhat overly branded here, with flame decals popping up everywhere. The wings are served eight to a plate -- four tangy hot Buffalo style wings that again proved to be superior to most pub wings I have had, and four honey wasabi wings that provided a different flavor profile and fondly reminded me of the Shanghai Wings once served at a now defunct restaurant in Montreal that was my go-to spot for wings and things.. . We also indulged in the four Five Spice Chicken Sliders that were breaded with Cornflakes and were kind of like yummy mini schnitzels in a bun. And while the spices and siracha mayo gave them some kick, I felt they did not need the cheddar cheese melted underneath. That said, I would love to see a BIGGER version of this burger added to the mains.. . The Honey-Pig Bao Buns were just OK, and this was really the only miss on our second evening simply because we have had better elsewhere. While I liked the addition of pork belly on my burger, it was a bit too much of a good thing and slightly tough on its own, but that did not stop us from finishing it.. . The menu also features two specialty fries that we tried on different nights. I preferred the Truffle Parmesan Fries that were crunchy and doused with liberal amounts of shredded parmesan, while the missus liked the Sweet Potato Fries that included a honey jalapeno mayo and vanilla powdered sugar as a condiment. This will definitely be a problem on a future visit as each portion is more than enough for two, so I hope they add a sampler of some kind to the menu that lets guests indulge in both styles.. . Speaking of two people, I have to give props to the our two servers (both named Alex) who made some wonderful suggestions after listening to our tastes, and made us feel so incredibly welcome. We cut past the 30-minute wait on both nights by opting to sit at the back counter that offers an open view of the kitchen, and is where both Alexi (my pluralization of Alex) can be found dashing back and forth as they place orders and pick up plates. Yet not matter how busy they were in that very controlled kitchen chaos, they always popped past us to chat for a couple of seconds, check up with us, and almost made it feel like were were attending a very busy dinner party at a friend's place. What's more, while Alex 2 was our principle server on our second night, Alex 1 acknowledged our return visit and engaged us in conversation while Alex 2 was away working the front of the house. . . They also introduced us to Benji, BurGR's evil genius of all things beer, who made some great suggestions and introduced us to the wonderful apricot flavors of Magic Hat #9 after carefully consider of our tastes in ales and Belgian beers.       . . I also managed to down one of the five "sugar fix" shakes with my appetizers. I opted for Shake #5 following Alex 2's suggestion that its Nutella like composition of chocolate hazelnut pudding and some coffee ice cream had to be tasted to be believed. Oh so decadent! I believe!. . Nothing completes a meal like a great dessert and the uber fun Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Up Pops, served to us with a smattering of Alex 2's nostalgic impersonation of Bill Cosby shilling for Jell-O and arguing with wife Camille, were simply to die for. . . We took these babies to go and I felt like I was in Lord of the Rings. These pops mesmerized all those who saw them. "That looks so so good," strangers said hoping to covet them, but there was NO WAY we were going to share this pretty precious delicious dessert. MY precious pudding push up pops!
Visited January fourth for a late lunch. The hostesses were incredibly nice and seated us immediately. Our server Alex was quite friendly and talkative and explained the menu well and answered all our questions. Drinks were great and the onion ring batter DID NOT fall off when you bit into them which is a deal breaker for me. They were crisp and delicious. My daughter had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and I had the Fresno Chili dog. Now the hamburger was good, but the hotdog was fabulous. I could go for one right now! The burger was a little overcooked, she asked for medium rare and it was definitely medium.. . The manager Derek came over to check on us and I was shocked at his sincerity and kindness. You just don't see that much in Vegas and it was really appreciated. He will make this restaurant work. Liked the servers outfits, the men's jeans had flames on the back pockets. It was a great experience. went into the pub, but I didn't like what I saw on people's plates. Just personal preference.. . Having said that, we went to Gordon Ramsey Steak to look at the dinner menu and inquire about possible dinner reservations (this was January 3rd) and the three dinner hostesses (who should really be called out on this by management) would not give us the time of day! It was my daughter's 21st birthday and we are both fans of the show. We were dressed more than appropriately to inquire about reservations.. . One actually snickered at us and they just turned around after shortly saying, we are booked and went into the restaurant. What about the next day girly???? I should have asked for the manager, but I already knew they would never see a dime of mine. So we went elsewhere and had a great time.
Sunday lunch, lots of TVs to watch the Football games.  It was opening weekend so you could tell everyone was a bit frantic but honestly service was fine.  Had the Euro burger with goat cheese and it was cooked to a nice medium.  The burger was a nice size, not too big but maybe slightly too small to share.  The truffle Parmesan fries were really good and a pretty large portion (easily share).  The sticky toffee pops were not my favorite.  I order the sticky toffee dessert at all of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants (including one in London) and honestly this version I just wasn't too keen on.  The peanut butter ice cream was the problem.  It seemed too salty, maybe with a caramel ice cream it would be better.  Overall not my favorite burger joint in Vegas (Bachi burger is the current winner) but if I was stuck on the strip I certainly wouldn't complain.
Hit Burgr last Friday with the gf, my daughter and her bf.  Post Terry Fator meal so it was about 9:30 - 10 pm.  . . They were busy but no wait.  Kinda confusing getting to the place - the entrance does not face towards the casino.  Stylish looking restaurant.  Also, props for the hipster looking outfits of the staff -  skin tight skirts with sneakers, nice.. . Sorry - can't remember the foo-foo drinks we started with but they were good - i liked that the hipster ipad drink menu had nice drink pics and when you clicked the drink it listed the ingredients. . Food order:. . Beer batter Maui Onion rings ($8 - all prices the discounted "total rewards"). Roasted Chili Dawg ($12). Hells' Kitchen Burger ($13). Britannia Burger ( $13). Farm Burger ($14). Euro Burger ($15). . Truffle Parmesan Fries ($10). Sweet Potato Fries ( $8). Carmel Pudding Chocolate Shake ($8). . Highlights:. . The white cheddar ranch dip with the onion rings was fantastic . The Roasted Chili Dawg was a flavor explosion. The actual burger meat was amazing - it was a 3 meat mix  - nice char, perfectly pink in the middle, juicy and full of flavor ( could've used a little more salt but minor issue ) . The duck breast bacon - a first for all of us - pleasant surprise. Sweet potato Fries - perfectly cooked, nice seasoning. The caramel pudding in the shake - incredible !!. . Lows ( all minor issues ) . . The onion rings could be crispier. more cheese on the burgers !!!. generally speaking, the burger ingredient combinations - PLEASE ADD A BUILD YOUR OWN BURGER OPTION. . The service was punctual - a slight annoyance of trying to constantly clean the tables while we were still eating.. . Added bonus is they accepted a food coupon i had fro Caesar's - helped given the prices are a little steep.. . We will return !!. . Pics previously added
Definitely way better than the 3 1/2 star average. The burgers we as good as any "high end" burger joint. The service was attentive, if not almost too attentive (they cleared my friends plates while I was still eating, a big no-no in my book). Wasnt crazy about the sales pitch to visit the gift shop as I was walking in. I would go again if I'm in the mood for a burger while in Vegas.
Ggreat burgers, cocktails, and ice cream treats.  And fun staff.  Would go back!
Stopped off here after a trade show nearby.  While I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay's TV show empire, as a vegetarian, I know he's not too fond of my dining sensibilities, so I came here ready to just eat some appetizers.. . I arrived at 3PM on a Thursday (yesterday, actually) As a 'party' of one. While they were somewhat busy, I was greeted & seated immediately, having my choice of table or counter seat.. . I sat near the front of the place, so unfortunately I didn't get a good look at the entire setup, but what I saw looked pretty upscale (matching the prices...) & the Hell's Kitchen motif without going overboard with it.   No wifi, but there were a couple open wifi nodes from nearby businesses.   I do agree that it's kind of hard to find the place, but Planet Hollywood & Miracle Mile do have maps, & the people-watching is great even of you get lost.. . I was happy to see that they have one (& only one) vegetarian burger -- their Earthburger is a Portobello Mushroom 'burger' with cheese & a grilled tomato slice, so I ordered that, the Truffle-Parmesan fries, and iced tea, and I was very happy the see they had Leinenkugel beer on draft!. .  The Earthburger was very nice -- flavorful, cooked well, on a toasted sesame seed bun made in-house.   The Truffle-Parmesan fries were good, from fresh potatoes cut in-house, but I couldn't figure out what the big deal with them was.  I don't have truffles often so I don't particularly know the taste of it, besides that its supposed to be wonderful, but the fries just didn't taste extremely special to me.  Unlike a prior review, mine were not salty at all.  They came with house-made aioli dipping sauce as well as a house-made ketchup.  The ketchup was very interesting -- it had a little bit of a zing to it, perhaps simply from being so fresh compared to the ketchup I'm used to. However, as other people have reported, the ketchup is extremely sweet!  If that somehow just comes from the type of tomatoes &/or way they were cooked, I'm OK with it, but if that major sweetness comes from them adding some sweetener ingredient like a lot of sugar, corn syrup, etc. then I'm very much not happy with it.  I can just imagine one of his own TV show contestants serving him that overly sweet ketchup and him launching into a profanity-laced tirade about it being sweet enough to be served on ice cream or something...    If I get back there & if I ever order those inexplicably (flavor/quantity-wise) fries again, I'll ask for their other sauces -- a Chipotle-something and a white cheddar/Ranch dipping sauce.. . For dessert, I had the Toffee-pudding push pops.  I was NOT expecting two of them to show up, but after a long day of walking around at the SHOT Show at the Sands Expo Center, I easily consumed both, after already consuming every other scrap of food I ordered.. . My bill came to $43.. .   The most amazing part of dining there was, as others have stated, the staff.  They seem to truly feel invested in you having a positive dining experience -- genuinely friendly & sociable, as well as truly knowledgeable about the menu (any fan of Hell's Kitchen knows they're probably tested on it).   While I may have a better or at least equally nice portobello mushroom burger & fries elsewhere (probably for a lot less $$), I doubt it'd be at a place with a staff that even comes close to the seriously wonderful BURGR crew. Yes, the manager stopped by to chat with me for a moment, too.. . Will I go back??   I hope so, BUT it would only be if I'm with friends that like burgers, can afford the prices, & are curious as to what a Gordon Ramsay restaurant is  like. Without those three prerequisites, I think we'd go elsewhere.  After all, for about the same average cost per person, we could hit a nice buffet (albeit, without the incredible level of service BURGR has).. . Even for a new, trendy Las Vegas place, you're paying a lot just for the Gordon Ramsay name.  My $14 burger was the only thing on the plate -- not even a pickle or some cole slaw came with it.  The $10 fries were basically a novelty bought by myself (& I assume others) simply curious as to how they could be worth the $10 price tag.  Of course, this place is NOT marketed towards people like me -- while I'm not a 'local,' I commute to Southern Nevada a couple days a week for work, so I don't have the mindset of "I'm here in LV on vacation & plan on blowing a lot of $$$ on wining, dining & gambling."   If you do have that mindset, and like burgers, you should definitely try Gordon Ramsay's BURGR.
I want to meet Gordon Ramsay, he knows how to handle a successful business, love that quality about him.  You can tell he prides himself on his restaurants, just by observing the staff.  Our server was so accommodating, it's the most memorable part of my dining experience.  . . On to the burger!  I love burgers, I am always talking about Vegas' best burger.  Some of these include Flemmings' burger that you can get at the bar, Tommy Bahama's kobe burger, Holstein's,  Del Taco's Double Del Cheeseburger, etc... And I must say, the two burgers I got (The Hell's kitchen burger, and their mushroom burger, forgot name) are good contenders.  The burgers are cooked exactly to their order, the beef is tender, and the ingredients that are added on are well thought out.  The roasted tomato in the Hells Kitchen burger is guaranteed a new flavor for you to have in a burger, and I must say, I loved it.  The mushroom burger though not as unique as the Hells Kitchen, still a well crafted burger and still highly enjoyable, but nothing you haven't already had.. . Desert, one of the most unique I have ever had, and will always remember this desert.  The milkshakes are about 3/4 milkshake, and they are topped off w pudding in the top 1/4.  Wow, we had cocunut pudding with strawberry milkshake.  Indulgent and so good, a must share.. . I love Gordon, I love when he gets into his fits on TV, I love when he yells at people, I want to eat more burgers and desert here and have him yell in my face, that would be awesome.. . Best Gordon TV quote, "This is rancidddddddddd!!!!!"
BurGR is located in Planet Hollywood at the entrance. Their burgers are reasonably priced, though I found their appetizers and sides to be just as expensive, which doesn't really make sense. We had a burger with fig jam and mushrooms, which was very good. It was perfectly seasoned and done just right, though it was a little small, in my opinion. The Maui onion rings, which came with ranch and ketchup on the side, were to die for, and the freshly shaved parmesan on top was really what made it excellent. I would go again just for the onion rings.. . Additionally, the service was friendly, and the atmosphere was nice.
I was in Vegas for the AVN's and my friend and I were starving!  As we were walking through Planet Hollywood I look over and saw BURGER, I was ready to eat, I didn't even know that it belonged to Chef Gordon Ramsay.  I walk up to the lovely ladies in front and they sat us immediately.  it was really busy in there, so it took a minute for our server (Matt) to get to us.  First off you get to keep your menu as a keepsake which is cool.  Second try the shake.  I didn't get one my friend got one because it had pudding in there and to me at the the time, it seemed weird and not appetizing late me say I was wrong!  It has an ice cream shake at the bottom a flavored pudding on top and then fresh whip cream and a cookie on top.  I had some of my Friend's and It was SO GOOD!  I had the Hells kitchen burger.  It wasn't spicy, but it was tasty!  My friend and I shared the Parmesan truffle fries, which my friend loved the house made ketchup I was all about the truffle Aoli.  I also had a draft beer that tasted like Apples, which is my favorite taste in a beer and I had two other drinks a regular raspberry tea ( which was so fresh to me) and a shot called a Baby Guinness which was Coffee Patron with Irish Cream on top, so it looks like Guinness in a shot glass.  That was great.. . The staff was great they are always chatting with you and telling you how everything is made at the restaurant from scratch which is important to know that your food does not have any chemicals in it.  I didn't even finish my burger I wanted to take the other half home so I could experience it again.  And it tasted great the second time around.  I highly recommend this place.
Really fun "Vegas" experience!  Well-priced, fun environment, delicious food.  The hot dogs maaaaay be even better than the burgers.  It's worth at least ordering one and splitting it with someone.  They are big and amazing.. . Great apps, too.  The jalapeno poppers are great!  They don't do reservations, but they were very accomodating to our group of 7.
We did takeout and it was really good. . . $15 for a hell's kitchen burger which is amazing.  It was so delicious, the meat just melted right in my mouth.  The seeded bun was also yummy, especially when they toast it with butter.  The chipotle ketchup on the side was so yummy I could eat it alone.  . . The truffle fries were very tasty and pricey, but they need  to lower the garlic taste of the fries.  It was overpowering.  The truffle aioli tames it down and reminds you that they are truffle fries and not garlic parmesan.. . I would definitely go back here just for their burger.  We had a wagyu burger with shiitake mushrooms at Tommy Bahama the other day and Gordon's definitely beat his.
One if by land, two if by sea.  Sunday, January 27th, 2013 was the day of the British Invasion, the day Gordon Ramsay would take Vegas by storm.  I decided this would be the ideal day to give BurGR another chance.  Let me tell you, the British must have come by sea, because two was the magic number.. . The following is the review of BurGR that should have been penned the first time.. . Carved between separate halls of bustling casino exists a whimsically designed yet decidedly masculine cafe.  The eatery is home to the applewood grill and culinary delights of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay, a fact that cannot be forgotten due to the grand scale of pictorial homage.  Seated in the restaurant one cannot help but be reminded of a subtle cross between Hell's Kitchen and The F-Word.. . The drink menu comes via Ramsay's staple iPad, there is a wide array of potables from the tabs of the tablet.  But since in Ramsay's restaurant, I decided to sample his favorite brew, Innis and Gunn a Scottish style ale aged in re-coopered barrels from alternating rum/whiskey sources.  The taste is sublime and soon our starter plate of hummus arrives to accompany the beer.  Ramsay's salt and pepper hummus is a little more garlic and salt than pepper but the bread is warm and fresh and the vegetable offerings conduct the hummus into a symphony for the palate.. . Next up, the Hell's Kitchen and Uber Cheese burgers arrive at the table.  The medium-rare temperature is a little more like medium but the patties have not lost their flavor.  The grilled jalapeno, avocado, and tomato team up on the Hell's Kitchen and complete their dinner service in style.  The Uber Cheese has three different types and styles of cheese together, from fontina to goat the cheese is undoubtedly the star of this burger.  Lost or overpowered are any subtlety in the cooking process, all that is left is a delicious sandwich fit for anyone braving the treacherous days and nights of Las Vegas.  The "Just Fries" are as billed, they come accompanied with Chipotle ketchup and Curry ketchup that are both made in house.  . . The dessert menu is simple as is most of the menu really.  You can have your choice of flavor of pudding milkshake, or sticky toffee pudding push-pops which arrived at our table only moments after the burgers had been cleared.  The push-pop is a novel and flavorful package for sticky toffee pudding.  The salted peanut ice cream is devine and is a perfect mate for the sweet toffee pudding layers.. . The most impressive piece of BurGR is not the decor, the location or even the food or drinks.  Ramsay has nailed the service experience at BurGR.  The servers are eager and knowledgeable.  They are impeccably dressed in GR labelled gear.  The hostess stand is state of the art with iPads and text message table notification.  The manager stopped by our table and was friendly and gracious.  This level of quality experience may be what sets this "burger joint" apart from all other "burger joints" in Vegas.. . Well Done
Farm burger with duck bacon ftw!
Not a build your own disaster place.  No teriyaki or yakisoba garnish.  BurGR is not about reinvention but about creating the every day burger on steroids and what a great burger it is.. . Take a flavorful, plump, juicy, fire grilled burger put it in a good brioche bun, top it with greens (arugula instead of lettuce), cheese (fresh European instead of Kraft singles), onions (as jam), tomato (oven roasted) sauteed mushrooms (chanterelles); you get the picture.. . The chanterelle burger is delicious. Pungent chanterelles, spicy arugula, and the onion jam compliment the char flavor of the beef.  The Euro burger equally good.  Earthy truffle aioli, tart goat cheese, peppery arugula, and sweet oven roasted tomato.  As with the chanterelle burger, the toppings bring out the flavor of the beef.. . The two meat burgers are creative and delicious.  Props to the farm burger with its slightly gamy duck breast "bacon", sharp English cheddar and fried egg.  A great interpretation of the Midwest classic.  Ooey, gooey, juicy and messy.  Delicious.. . For sides, parm truffle fries.  Nuff said.. . Somewhat inconsistent service and probably the reason for the burgers arriving over temperature.. . Tip: use your Total Rewards card to get a minuscule discount (don't bother getting a card if you don't have one).. . Never thought I'd see the day when a British chef honored our humble burger.  Cheers!
I work with people who love food. People who are so food-centric they can tell you an awesome place to eat in every city across the world. And these people love burgers. . . We've visited a number of burger joints in Vegas; Holsteins, Burger Bar, Le Burger Brasserie Sports Grille and now, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR, which was top notch.. . We ordered GR's take on jalapeno poppers (they come standing up in a shot glass of dip), pork belly buns and chicken wings. I don't eat pork or beef (which the poppers have), so I saddled up with the wings, which were phenomenal. One had a cilantro-styled sauce and the other was a buffalo wing version. Both stood out with flavors that popped.. . Since I don't eat beef or pork, though, my burger options were severely limited. This is why BurGR gets only 4/5 stars from me - a veggie burger that's an actual veggie burger (not a portabello cap) would have been much-welcomed. I don't like giant mushrooms. They freak me out. I was instead inclined to order a salad, which was a noodle salad- and quite tasty. Soba noodles, asian-styled dressing, siracha-laced chicken. Yum. My colleague and I also split a chicken slider. Others who had the burgers raved. "How is something that is so simple so delicious?" The fries - we tried three varieties (truffle, regular and sweet potato) all hit the spot, too.. . Decent beer selection for Vegas (they even had cider, which was a good surprise because one of our friends prefers that to beer) and the server was friendly and semi-prompt (some lags in drinks but eh, whatevr. - See what I did there.)
Service was on point definitely up to GR's standards. The sweet potato fries were the star of the night. Close second were the jalapeno bites I had the burger with the pork belly it was so good. The only thing I would say is that medium rare was more rare than I normally eat and those who chose the medium option it was more well then medium. Very impressed with management and our waitress. Was visited by both mgrs and asked about our service and food. Our waitress was extremely informative about our food options and everyone that presented a dish made me feel as if i was on top chef or Hell's Kitchen. Will defiantly be back!
I went here for NYE weekend. This wasn't an intentional visit, we were going to eat someplace else but settled on this instead. . . Surprisingly enough it was really really good. The fries were great, the burger was cooked to perfection and I even indulged myself and got a peanut butter shake. . . Service was a bit slow, but my server was really polite. I would have liked it if they refilled my drinks more often but there was an enormous amount of people eating here for NYE weekend so I gave them a pass. . . Overall, if your in the area and are in the mood for just comfort burger food while watching a game check this place out.
Great customer service and very good on refills.  We waited for 20mins for early dinner.  The hostess and staff were very friendly.  Our food came on time.  We order shake, fries, and couple of burgers and girly drink.  Great burgers and fries.  The shake was delicious too since there was chocolate pudding at bottom of shake.  Besides the food, I love the menu with Gordon face on it.  The utensils, especially the knife was a interesting design.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place.  Great food and atmosphere!
OK. First off is why only four stars and not five! Well that is simply the ambiance. There is nothing bad about the setting, but there are just a lot of televisions hanging on the wall. To me this just gives it the feel of a sports bar and not a gourmet burger joint.. . But I guarantee you, that is what it is. This is one of the best burgers I have ever had. I do not go in for all the fancy toppings and condiments, so I just got the American Burger. Lettuce, Tomato, onion, cheese and one perfectly cooked 1/2 pound piece of meat. If anyone has ever had burgers and other cuts of beef that were OK; this is the burger that will let you know how a good piece of beef should taste. If you understand the concept of umami, this burger has it.. . The fries are different than most people are used to. BurGR does not use russets like most restaurants. So their fries are lighter and less starchy but still have a great crunch. The fries come with two flavored ketchup's. They both add a nice flavor. But the fries are worth it without anything added.. . I took the plunge and had myself one the BurGR's milkshakes. The milkshake was wonderful alone and did not need the pudding that it is topped with. But I tell you, the pudding on top makes this one of the most unique milkshakes I have every tasted. It was creamy and chilled to the right temp. I will be going back for more of these shakes when I can.. . I did not have any issues with the service. We were well looked after the entire time we were there. When we were first seated, it was near the front. It was a particularity cold day here in Vegas, so we asked to be moved. This was not an issue and we were moved further into the restaurant. We had great service from start to finish. The uniforms are very appealing as well. The uniform has a sexy look to it without being to revealing. Congratulations to the designer for a very appealing and comely look.. . One last thing about the restaurant that is very appealing is the kitchen. The kitchen is open at the front so you can see what is going on in there. They also make everything to order. Nothing is precooked. So do expect to wait about 15 to 20 minutes to get your BurGR.
Lets see if gordons food equals his talk, well Ramsay delivers here.  The burgers were very juicy and tasty.  The venue itself is pretty casual most of the staff wearing weird Jetson's looking uniforms and all of them looked like they were fresh out of highschool.  The place is pretty noisy since it is located inside Planet Hollywood and there are no sound barrier walls, you can pretty much watch people walk by in the casino as you sit inside BurGR.  We tried the following:. . Hells Kitchen Burger: avocado, cheese and some other items that just blended in.  The burger was moist, juicy and delicious however the toppings all sort of blended together.. Britania Burger: sharp cheddar, mango salsa, arugula this burger was pretty good with the ingrediants playing well off of each other. The mango salsa is on the sweet side so dont order this if you dont have a sweet tooth.. Maui parmesan onion rings: crispy, sweet onions with cheese-yumm.  These were some very well executed and delicious onion rings.. Peanut Butter Shake: OMG the best thing at BurGR's are the shakes!  This one had alot of peanut butter in it and it was super yummy but very filling!. Coffee Shake: this one had hazlenut pudding which I dont like, but my wife probably would have killed me if I had tried to take this from her LOL. . Prices:. burgers are about $14 . shakes $11. onion rings $9. . You also recieved $1 off all prices if you have a MGM Total Rewards Card.. . NOTE: if you and your co-yelper are light eaters you can easily get by ordering one burger, one shake and one side.  The sides give large portions and the shakes are super filling.
Any man who thinks he can reinvent the milkshake by putting pudding on top must have a god complex.. Please take a minute to praise our lord and savior, Gordon Ramsay.
Great burger and atmosphere!  Dining was casual and service was great.  All the burgers ordered were awesome including the Honey Pig Boa Buns. We ordered all 3 fries for the table and they could have been cooked a little crisper for my liking. The dips and homemade ketchup was good but nothing beats good old Heinz which wasn't available.
One of the best burgers I've ever had!  Ordered the Blue Burger, which was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  I've eaten at 25 Degrees, Lucky Devils, Umami Burger, The Apple Pan, The Counter, Pie n'Burger, and several other known burger joints and  am torn between 25 Degrees and BurGR for the best burger award.  We also had Shake #3, which was great as were the sweet potato fries (minus the bland dipping sauce, thumbs up for the vanilla sugar side).  My reason for 4 and not 5 stars was not because of the food, but that we some how managed to get the night with the worst service ever!  Waited a while to order after being seated, waitress was no where in sight frequently, the food took a while to hit the table, had to ask for refills, and several other minor issues that good service would have negated. Wait was 1 hour 20 mins for a party of 2 on a Sunday night around 6:45p, but did like the text paging that they over here, as do several other restaurants now days.   Overall the food was outstanding and unfortunately the service was poor.
First place we ate when we got to Vegas - place was busy even on a Tuesday night but our waiter never let us feel neglected.  I had the farm burger (w egg and duck bacon).  It was a tasty burger, but nothing spectacular.  What blew my mind was the sweet potato fries (with vanilla sugar) and the shake I had.  The shake was chocolate peanut butter with banana pudding on top and a ginger snap.  Easily the best shake I've ever had in my entire life.  With a bajillion dining options in Vegas this is the only place I plan to eat at twice in one visit - just to get another shake.  The only reason why I took one star away was cuz the burger itself while not bad wasn't as mind blowing as the side orders.
I hate dropping reviews (especially for 5 star spots in my book)... but this would actually be a 3.5 review.... the awesome food bumps it up the other half.. . Went with the char siu burger, ordered medium rare.  When my burger came out in front of me, it looked tiny and I noticed char all around the edges....I knew it wasn't MR.  I took a bite, and found it to be well done.  . . Asked for another to replace it, and the second time around was a super juicy, perfectly cooked MR with lots of juices hitting the plate.  Way better than my first visit here actually....but it took them a second try to cook it right!   It seems like the consistency might become a problem here...hopefully I am wrong.  I would order this one again, but I think I still prefer the farm burger.. . The parmesan truffle fries are still the BEST thing evar.  I have had them on 3 separate occasions, and still hold them to be my MOST favorite french fry of all time.. . Also, service was not nearly the same as the first time around.  My waitress let my drinks go dry every single time, with me asking for refills each time, and disappeared when my check arrived after I immediately put my $100 on the table to wait for change.. . The busperson was the one to pull my plates, refill my water the majority of the time, and actually took my bill to get me change because he noticed me standing up in the restaurant, waiting to leave.  The server was not good at her job, and if I was rating off of service alone, we would be at 2 stars.  . . I hope next visit goes smoothly.  If I ever get this server again, I will request another seat.
It was dinner time when me and my co-worker had arrived, and it was a 20 minute wait. They took my cell phone number and texted me when our table was ready. NEVER seen that before lol. It was 20 minutes as the hostess had promised and we got seated next to the window. The server was really funny and nice. . . I ordered the Farm Burger, the sweet potato fries and chocolate shake. On the burgers don't come any condiments so they dipping sauce they gave me for the fries, I used for my burger lol. It was so good. They give you a shaker of sugar for your fries and I must of used it all up. The only thing I didn't enjoy much was the shake. It just didn't taste any different than a regular chocolate shake I had at any other restaurant. . . I had to get a to-go box because it was to much to handle. I had to finish the rest of the food the next day. I will love to go back and try a different burger or even a hot dog!
I was so excited to try Gordan Ramsy's Burgr. It is located right by the Miracle Mile shops inside Planet Hollywood hotel and casino. I had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. They text you when they are ready for you which I thought was awesome-way better than the beepers they give you at other restaurants. They also gave you an Ipad to order your drinks and desserts on which I thought was a nice touch. I had a hard time choosing what burger to get because they all sounded so good! I ended up getting the Euro Burger because it had goat cheese and I loveee love goat cheese! We also got the sweet potato fries. Both were amazing! The sweet potato fries came with powered sugar and a jalapeno  mayo sauce that completed both flavors veryy well. The burger was great! I loved the goat cheese on it. We were also lucky enough to try the jalapeno poppers because the next table over gave us one to try! They were fabulous and the sauce it came with was awesome. I also tried the chocolate caramel pudding milkshake. I recommend this as well. It came with homemade whipped cream and a cookie on top. I've never had pudding with a milkshake so it made it unique and was a selling point for me. Next time I go back I want to try the push pops because those looked delicious as well! The service was good. I think our waitress was new but she was friendly. We didn't have to wait long for our food which is always great for me. If you are a burger fan I recommend trying this restaurant!
After going to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill the night before, this was 100x better. We got there right at 11 so we wouldn't have to wait for a table. This place is clearly popular and there were 10 parties waiting at 11 already so if you have to wait a long time, it should be no bearing on how you rate the restaurant. There were lots of tables, lots of staff, and when we left around 12:30 the place was teeming. . . Our server was very knowledgeable, she explained the menu and gave us her recommendations. Her service was great and she kept checking in on us.. . The burgers were delicious - no complaints. We got the sweet potato fries that we could barely finish as there were so many. This place was priced very reasonably considering that it's a Vegas restaurant. For $13-15 a burger, you can't really complain.. . Great place and we're sad we didn't get to try the shakes.
Fantastic!  The Farm burger was fabulous and the sweet potato fries with powder sugar were great. Huge fan of food.  Service on the hand was slow. They forgot our fries and we had to ask for them and did not get them until we were 3/4 done with our burgers.
Great burger place. Friendly staff, fun atmosphere.. However, the prices are a little expensive, but that can be expected with Gordon Ramsey.. . The staff really goes out of the way to be informative. . . I loved the food. I've tried several menu items and all were really good. I really liked the the wings (both flavors), super easy to eat.. The burger with jalapeno and avocado was delicious. A little spicy, but the avocado really complements the jalapeno. Best onion rings I've ever had.. The curry ketchup gave the fries a unique taste.. The sticky toffee pudding push pop dessert was seriously sinful and fun to eat.. . I really like the tablet drink menu, super easy to use. The drinks are great.
I have got to say one of the best burgers I have ever eaten out. I had the Truffle Parmesan Fries and Chanterelle burger with figgy onion jam. Dear God he needs to sell that figgy onion jam. I just love saying it. Figgy onion jam. I hesitated with it but glad I delved in. The fries are enough for a whole table and absolutely delicious. The service was slow but friendly and courteous and didn't ignore us.
Terrifical experience!  The staff was on point, drink refills just on time, and very friendly!!. Being a non-meat eater, going to a burger joint is probably not ideal, but they were accomodating and suggested a DELICIOUS alternative...a portobello mushroom burger!. And those fries are reedick!. I would definitely go back if I wasn't watching my lady lumps!  Good times, high energy atmosphere :)
We went here today as part of Restaurant Week and wow was the food good, service not so much! I called to see if we needed reservations and was told we did not. Fortunately we arrived at 11:45 so we were seated by 12p while all those behind had at least 20-30 min waits. Once seated in this busy restaurant we waited for our server for some time before waiting to have our water delivered and then waited again to order, and on and on. The food was worth the wait though, I ordered the Britannia Burger and it was delicious the combination of the extremely moist burger with the mango chutney was amazing and I will certainly be trying to recreate it at home. My boyfriend had the Hell's kitchen burger and while it was good it was by no means spicy. The buns are buttery and delicious and I would definitely recommend this spot. We shared the onion rings and sweet potato fries, both good but the onion rings are by far the better choice. The dessert course was sticky toffee pudding push pops and were good not great. I would certainly visit again if I was in the area but it is a bit pricey even if it was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had.
I was there like, 2 months ago.  This review is a tad late.  Upon reccomendation from my mom and sister, and unsure of what Vegas meal "adventure" was next....I went to BurGR.  Gordon Ramsay is their thing.  I'm not a big fan of "Hells Kitchen" but I like burgers and new experiences.  Ok. so...I have never seen it...but I didn't trust their judgement.  I should have.  After some awkwardness with some hostesses in tight dresses, I was seated.  Heather took my order.  Total sweetheart!  She deserves 5 stars alone for her attentiveness!!  She reccomended a drink which was fantastic and I ordered the "Hells Kitchen" which was delicious and discounted with my Total Rewards card!!!   I love when I pay less for meat for being a degenerate gambler! . . I didn't walk out with a picture of Gordon Ramsay or with a million bucks, but still totes one of the best animal carcasses in Vegas!
Came here on a Saturday night and the place was packed. It was about a half hour wait time, but it was nice because the hostess will have you enter your phone number on an ipad and they text you when there's a table (so you can just shop around Planet Hollywood as you wait.) . . Very trendy, modern, tech savvy restaurant with lots of people. We sat at a booth and they gave us an ipad to view the menu. We ordered two different burgers one was the Hell's Kitchen Burger, also ordered Truffle Fries, and the Hummus and Pita Bread. . I don't like burgers too much, but I had several bites of the Hell's Kitchen Burger. It was pretty good my girl friend seemed to like it. A very gourmet burger. I think the other burger my guy friend ordered was the American Burger and he devoured that pretty quickly. Truffle fries were really good (I still like Umami's truffle fries a little more ..) The truffle sauce was deliciously addicting though. The pita bread was warm and toasted. The plate also came with a side of random vegetables that went well with the hummus. It was a lot of food and very filling. The food in general was a bit too salty for my taste, but otherwise it was filling and satisfying. As for dessert, we didn't get any, but the menu offered a variety of milk shakes. Didn't order any drinks either, but had a FAT TUESDAY  beforehand as we walked around Planet Hollywood and that was great (mango and blueberry ftw.). . Service was great.
Good food at a fair price. The only bad thing was the food was slow coming out.
Came here with my husband and my sister and her husband last weekend and had a great experience!  The wait on a Monday night was 45 minutes but it was pretty neat that they text you when your table is ready.  The service is fantastic -- the waiters are very well educated on their menu and you never have to ask for a refill.. . We had the Honey Pork Belly Buns and Jalapeno Poppers for appetizers.  I really enjoyed the Pork Belly Buns a lot -- I loved the subtle Asian taste and the flavors balanced really well.  I liked the Jalapeno Poppers too but I thought that the sauce they came with was a little too creamy -- and also I believe there was melted Cheddar Cheese inside the popper as opposed to Cream Cheese which is more traditional.  There could've been Cream Cheese as well -- but I could mostly taste the Cheddar.  For dinner my sister and I both ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger which was delicious.  I wish it had been more spicy (given it's name) but it was delicious none-the-less.  My husband and brother-in-law both ordered the Farm Burger which was also delicious -- the fried egg added a nice touch.  I love that you can get your burgers grilled to your liking (although for $15 per burger, that's the least they can do).  We also had the Parmesan Truffle Fries which were DELICIOUS.  I could've made a meal just out of those.. . All in all, while we had a really great experience, I don't think we'd go back the next time we're in Vegas because a) it wasn't out of this world and b) there are just too many places to try in Vegas!
5 stars for the burger (Hell's kitchen burger). I especially liked the gigantic bun-sized jalapeno in the burger. . Fries were meh.. . Compared to Holstein's which I tried on the same trip, I would say BurGR has the better burger but Holstein's has better ambience and fries.
Holy moly, this place is busy! Definitely make a reservation if you don't like waiting. At 1pm today, there was an hour wait on a table for two. Luckily, my brother had his Seven Stars VIP card and we were seated right away. Great set-up, atmosphere, everything.. . We were immediately attended and presented an iPad featuring their alcoholic beverages and desserts. The photos and descriptions were perfectly enticing, so I ordered a GREEN GIN TEA (Hendrick's Gin, green tea extract, and fresh honey sour) - refreshing, tasty. My brother ordered SHAKE #3 (butterscotch pudding and banana shake with a snicker doodle cookie) and it was GOOD. Rich and extremely decadent, but very yummy.. . For my Restaurant Week prie fixe, I chose the EURO BURGER (truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula, and oven-roasted tomato) and TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES (hand cut fries, truffle salt, truffle parmesan with truffle aioli and housemade ketchup for dipping). Just really good stuff. My burger was perfectly medium rare and everything on it was delicious, including the beautiful bun decorated with white and black sesame seeds. The fries though, whoa! Crazy delicious. The parmigiano-reggiano was freshly shaved and generously spread throughout. Arguably the best fries, ever. My brother got the HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER (asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno, avocado, oven-roasted tomato) - good, but didn't enjoy it was much as mine lol - and the BEER BATTERED MAUI ONION RINGS (more freshly-shaved parmigiano-reggiano with chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch for dipping). I'm not a big fan of onion rings, but these? Great!. . With the RW prie fixe, you get a STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING PUSH UP POP for dessert. It's a whimsical push up pop container with alternating toffee pudding and Salted Peanut Ice Cream creating a wonderful contrast of color and flavor. So fun!!. . Service was fabulous - she even checked with us on the temperature/preparation of our burgers! Very friendly and I liked how she explained our dishes when serving it to us. I can't get over what a great deal it was to dine here during RW and that they're donating $5 per meal to Three Square. I've never gotten into the Gordon Ramsey craze, but I'm definitely a fan now!
The Britianna Burger was by far one of the best burgers I've ever had...top five for sure.  The parmasean fries and homeade ketchup was delicious.  I'll be coming back for sure.
Had a very good burger there this week. I still prefer the burger from Holsteins but it was a solid burger. The dishes I found amazing were the jalapeno poppers and the wings. I will definitely go back for the apps!
Food: 4. Service: 4. . I came in very open minded about this burger joint. While I love In-n-Out among other places in Vegas, paying $15 isn't for everyone. I went during restaurant week and I feel like the staff did a disservice by not telling us about the deals without me prompting them. I didn't hear them tell about the deals to other customers nearby either.. . I had the chantrelle burger cooked medium. Great flavor with the mushrooms, figgy-onion jam, and the buttered bun. I had the just fries which I love steak fries, but couldn't finish them. And then part of the $20.13 restaurant week price was a sticky toffee push pop which was very good. . . Solidrestaurant in which I'd go back. As much as one wants to knock Gordon Ramsay, he does a pretty good job at his restaurants having been to Gordon Ramsay at the London in Manhattan and been knocked away by food and service.
I went on Monday night, it was fairly busy, but I was by myself so the hostess suggested sitting at the bar so I did. First off the bartender (I forget his name, young cute guy) was REALLY great. Super nice, and just sitting there watching him make drink after drink with ease, and answering everyones questions about the large beer selection. I was really impressed with the service. Especially considering how busy this place is and how new it is. They really have their act together.. . I ordered the Farm Burger and the truffle fries. The burger I have to say was just ok. I didn't like the meat, it was a little dry and had sort of a strange taste (maybe the fancy wood it's grilled on?), I ordered it medium.  Like I wish it was fattier or something... Then considering it had duck bacon and a fried egg and aioli on it all i could taste was the meat. I think I just prefer not grilled burgers to be honest. Or it could just be what I had.... . But those fries were to die for!! Oh man I swear they must of shaved a whole block of cheese in them, and the truffle aioli was delicious. I can't recommend those highly enough. I'll definitely go back just to have those. I would like to try more burgers. I know burgers are finicky, it may be better next time!. . I didn't think the price was terrible. For those two things it was about $30 with tax and tip. You would share the fries if you had another person with you.. . Overall, check it out, I think you need to form your own opinion on this place.
I ordered the Farm Burger.  It had duck bacon and a fried egg on it.  I ordered it mid-rare and it came out perfectly cooked.  I liked it but I didn't love it like I'd expected.  It lacked saltiness. Maybe the egg yolk got in the way of the duck bacon flavor.. Truffle Parmesan fries were good but the parmesan became a separate entity as it didn't stick to the fries.  It just flaked off.  The sauces that came on the side were delicious.. The chicken wings were underwhelming.  I couldn't taste enough wasabi and not enough 'hellfire'.. . My buddy ordered the Chanterelle Burger, mid-rare and it came out well done.  That pretty much ruined the flavor it might have had.  We couldn't taste the figgy onion jam it was supposed to have had.  We didn't make a fuss, nor did we want to wait for another burger to be made correctly.. . My kids each had the Standard Dawg.  Huge and DELICIOUS!  Yay!  They are cooked differently than any dawg I've had.  Some kinda wiener magic happening there.  The bun was cool, too.  Kinda like a pretzel.. . The best part of the meal was the Butterscotch Pudding and Banana Shake.  LOVED this.  And I don't even love shakes, ever.  This was fanf*ckingtastic.  It comes in a tall, slender glass, topped with a big layer of pudding, fresh whipped cream and a snickerdoodle cookie.  Every single layer of flavor worked outrageously well together.  I would go back just for this.  In fact, I'd try all the other shakes, too.. . Service was fine.  Our waitress seemed like a pleasant automaton.. . I like that the kitchen is open so you can see them working in there.. . I wish I had been more impressed with the burgers.
BurGREAT.. . Visiting Las Vegas from San Francisco, I quickly realized how spoiled I was at home, where there is an abundance of great, cheap restaurants. The first two restaurants we checked out on the strip were over-priced and their food and service left much to be desired.. . Well, Gordon Ramsay BurGR changed everything. I had the Pork Belly buns as an appetizer (wonderful) followed by the Euro Burger with goat cheese. This was the best burger I'd eaten in a very long time. I was also very impressed that they actually listened to my request for the burger to be rare. Extra points for the service being top-notch.. . This was the best meal we had in town and also the cheapest, go figure!
Farm Burger, Truffle fries and the most wonderful onion rings.  This restaurant has great food and is fun.
Lets get right to the "Meat" of the situation....................................... . Gordon Ramsey BurGr - located at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, not in the miracle mile shopping section of the hotel. . . Drinks - an iPad was placed at the table that had the beer and spirits displayed on it. Cool feature.. . The Menu - take home souvenir. . . The food - Snacks, Dawgs, and Burgers are all high quality.. . If you are a fan of Gordon Ramsey you will love this place. . . Now the negatives............................... . Waiting time - the place does get crowded and the wait can be an hour+ at times. But you are in a casino, so you can take a seat at the blackjack tables or play the slot machines until then. Which could also be a negative.. . Noise Level - very loud!. . Total Rewards Pricing - If you don't have a Harrah's card, most items will cost you a dollar more. . . Over cost of the meal - burgers are in the $15 buck range, and fries are priced between $8 - $11 bucks. Plan on spending around $60+ bucks for a party of 2. . . Tips - the burgers are big with interesting toppings. So you could order a few different burgers, cut them in half and share. One order of fries is enough for two people.
Finallly got the try this place out after I spotted it being constructed last time out in Vegas. . . Be prepared to wait, especially if you have a large party. This place is always packed and even though I was eating by myself, I still had to wait about 30 minutes. They do have a cool texting service though that will let you know through text when you're reservation is ready. AND not to mention that you can easily go shopping as well when waiting or gambling since there are tables and slots right outside of the restaurant.. . Decided to order the Hell's kitchen burger with Truffle parmesian fries. The burger and fries looked fantastic and you could tell that they really put a lot of pride in their food based on the appearance of the food. The burger was very juicy, cooked medium rare just the way I like it! Contrary to what others say, this burger is not that spicy at all. It also does have a nice sweet taste which went with the mild spiciness of the burger. All ingredients were very fresh and the burger was great! . . The fries were the the highlight of the night! The fries are humongous and easily shareable with two people. The parmesian went great with the fries and all of the seasonings on the fries provided a great touch. They weren't too crispy and weren't too soft; I highly recommend trying them out.. . This place is pretty pricey though as getting a burger and fries could easily run you 30-35 bucks. SHARE the fries as it is definitely enough to share between a couple of people. Good stuff and great location real close to the miracle mile shops and planet hollywood.
So funny to have an Englishman do burgr.  Any case. The burgers aren't huge if your hungry. It's ok.  I think I like counters more. . . Had the hella kitchen not spicy at all.  . The truffle fries were amazing. Fried slow to a crisp . Smoothie wow. Got the strawberry one yum. . . I think I did like better than Holsteins but again counters has it beat
The best sweet potato fries you will have in your life! . Served with powdered sugar and a honey-jalapeno aioli. . Mouth watering!! . . The burgers were worth the $13-15 dollars. Thick and juicy, and not your average flavors. I had a bruger with pork belly on it. . . The only down side was they charged me for a glass of water, other than that I would recommend this place, Even if you just came for the sweet potato fries! they were that good :)
I love Gordon Ramsay.  Coming to this restaurant was a highlight of my recent Vegas trip. Service was top notch, my server even paired a beer with my burger for me (kudos).  The burgers could have been more tasty considering this is Gordon Ramsay's creation, but they were good burgers.  I loved that they texted us when our table was ready, so we were able to walk around for the hour wait.  Also, we sat on the counter top (by choice) - I recommend it! It was really fun watching the kitchen operate :)
I've never seen Hell's Kitchen or any of Gordon Ramsay's other shows, but I've heard 'of' him. Our friends were staying at PH so we decided to meet up for lunch. On YELP (cough) it says you can make reservations but when we called concierge they said no, it's first come first serve. Luckily, the line wasn't very long yet - 10-minutes before they opened for lunch service (11am). The hostesses slowly seating people which is typical since you don't want to overwhelm the kitchen with orders coming in at once. When we were seated, the service was awesome and the team of people taking orders, delivering and cleaning up were friendly AND efficient. The manager stopped by twice to check in with us as well.. . + lots of tvs (good ambiance i guess, haha). + high tech (drink menu on ipads, survey with check on iphone). + total rewards members get -$1 nearly every menu item. + onion rings are SO GOOD. + hell kitchen's burger's jalapeno is VERY SPICY - I had to be a whimp and take it out. +/- shakes are good but filling (and thick/heavy). - pricey (but if you can't finish your food, take it to go and it'll still be delicious later)
Menu items are big and al a carte, which can make it a bit more expensive than it may seem atfirst when you first look at the menu. Taste-wise it's very good.
Burgr is a good spot for a burger when on the strip.  It was quite busy and a tad pricey but I guess you are paying for the Gordon Ramsay name.  Although I would not make a special trip to Planet Hollywood for a burger, if I am near it and craving a burger, I would stop in at Burgr again.
This place was yummy! good food, good service, hot waittress! wait time can be up to two hours but you can leave your cell number and they text you when you table is ready. thumbs up.
If you would like a lot of food for your money then this place may not be the best choice.. . The Burger was nothing to write home about and they are not doing this american classic any justice. I have had better burgers at a Mom and Pop establishment, but their Truffle fries were terrific! The Shakes are some of the best that I have ever had.
My wife and I ate lunch here last week.  It's located inside the Planet Hollywood hotel.  There was about a 30 minute wait to eat, but the cool thing is that they ask for your cell number and will send you a text when the table is ready.  This was nice because we just went and gambled until we got the text from them.  More restaurants that have longer wait times should adopt this in my opinion.  It allows you to do something other than just sit in the restaurant.  On to the food, I ordered the Bleu Burger, which had arugula and blue cheese on it, while my wife ordered the Chicken Burger.  We ordered a side of the regular fries as well.  They also have sweet potato and parmesan truffle fries, both of which looked better than what we ordered.  So we probably made an error in ordering the regular fries, but they were fine.  The fries come with a curry ketchup and a chipotle ketchup.  Both are home made and were pretty good.  Back to the burgers, both were very good.  Mine had a lot of flavor and the bun was excellent.  My wife seemed to enjoy hers as well.  The highlight of the meal in my opinion was the milkshakes.  These were unlike anything I had seen before.  They are part pudding, and part milkshake.  I ordered the creme brulee and oreo milkshake, while my wife ordered some sort of coffee milkshake.  Both were fantastic, and were plenty.  We left here absolutely stuffed.  For two teas, two burgers, an order of fries, and two milkshakes, it was around $70, so this place isn't cheap.  That said, if you're looking for a good lunch in a new place, this place is definitely worth a shot.
Thought this was absolutely a great "upscale" burger spot.  We liked everything we got, including the shakes, a variety of burgers, a hot dog, and even the truffle fries!  Everything tasted great, plus they had a nice selection of beers on draft.. . The problem was our server.  He was a little too chatty and didn't seem to get the hint that we wanted to watch MARCH MADNESS.  Pretty sure we even told him we had money riding on the halftime score of a game, but this didn't stop him from chatting to us about random topics as the clock counted down to half time and the spread was close to being covered.  We just ignored him.. . The other problem was that his chattiness got him into a bit of a bind.  One of our party had half a burger that she asked to have wrapped.  He took it and set it on a table next to ours while he chatted with us about stuff we didn't care about during crucial moments of the game we were watching.  However, he set it on a table that the bus boy was clearing, and I noticed the bus boy remove the burger (or BurGR) with a bunch of napkins on it. Our server clearly noticed too, because he lunged at it, but was too late and just walked away.  I told the rest of our table what happened, and while we could care less about the half BurGR, we were curious to see how he'd handle it. . . He handled it in about the worst way possible.  He came and said, "Maam, did you happen to see which server took your leftover burger?"  I was a couple beers in, and said with a grin, "You did!"  He said, "Oh no, no I was chatting with you about your total rewards card."  I said, "We saw *exactly* what happened" and set forth the details.  The guy turned bright red, but he did offer to cook up another burger and, when we declined, comped us the burger, so that was nice.  Wish he'd just said that there was a mixup and the busboy had taken the burger, but he'd comp it, in the first place, rather than trying some lame cover up!
The Truffle Parmesan fries are AWESOME!!! The burgers are cooked very well, and are very tasty, but we still prefer Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay better.  What held this back would be the size and seasoning of the burgers (burgers a little on the small size and could use more seasoning on their "just fries" and Farm Burger.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is very nice (they play great music).
Sort of unique to check in and get called in for your table via text message. Also uncommon to order drinks and dessert via an iPad and fill out a survey at the end of the meal on an iPod touch.. . Total rewards members get a discount here. It's $1-$2, not a whole lot, but it's something. Our server Alex was very personable and had a great sense of humor and also attentive. We got the Hell's Kitchen burger, Euro burger, and the Truffle Parmesan fries. The Hell's Kitchen Burger isn't super spicy but you get the kick in some of the bites. The avocado definitely help balance the jalapeno. You can really taste cheese in the Euro burger, which may bother some, but I loved it! . The meat in both burgers were very high quality. We both ordered it medium and it came out juicy. The fries were absolutely amazing. It was so good and the portion is pretty big for what it is! However, I have to admit that halfway through, the fries and the burgers started tasting a little too salty so make sure you have enough water or drinks by your side.. . Twas a good experience. We're still debating if we want to spend $50+ on two burgers, fries and a beer when we pay a similar amount for AYCE sushi. BF ranks the burgers second to the Morton prime rib burger, so you know it's good.
Cute place! Delicious hells kitchen burger, super fresh and yummy hummus..
Food:. The Britannia Burger and Farm burgers were excellent. Cooked to perfection. Best burger of my life was the Britannia.. . The Parmesan fries were less than desirable and I would actually suggest Gordon check out a restaurant in Quincy, MA called Fat Cat. They have mastered these. The fries were really dry that were served to us and the portion size was massive.. . Service:. The hostess was great and seated us promptly.. I thought the uniforms were a bit skimpy and sexist though, but that is vegas.. What I thought was really sexist was that a woman and a man had to come to your table to deliver your food and explain to you what it was. We read the menu, so we knew what we were getting. It seemed a bit insulting. The food took a lot longer than we expected and we noticed our fries sat under a heat lamp for a while whilst one the of staff was busy reading things on his mobile phone.. . This place was pretty empty for a Saturday night and our waiter treated us a bit like we were cheap because we wanted water from being dehydrated from flying all day. He wasn't a very engaging or pleasing personality, but was professional. . . We will go back here for sure, but we did not have dessert because we were not feeling a welcoming vibe from the staff.
Came here with the family that was in town.  Very steep prices, but really no different than anything else on the strip. . . Started with some apps.  Onion rings, jalapeno poppers, and the wings.  Loved the wings, very good sauces, liked the lollipop.   The onion rings were some of the best I have had.  Battered to order, great taste. Poppers were good also, great cheddar dipping sauce.  I thought there was a little too much breading on them though. . . Everybody ordered a burger, one person ordered the 5 spice breaded chicken sliders.  Lets start with the sliders, phenomenal!   The breading was perfect and very flavorful, even better than the burgers.  I ordered the farm burger with the egg and duck breast bacon.  Egg on a burger is always a good option, but I felt the bacon was lost, really didn't add anything.  The other three also ordered burgers, they all really enjoyed them. . . We also ordered some sides.  The sweet potato fries were very good, and we also ordered the regular fries.  Regular fries were good, but greasy.  There was a pool of grease at the bottom of the cone that seeped onto the table. . . Our meal was great, we will be back.  My only complaint, three of the burgers were overcooked.  Mine was the only one that wasn't.  We did nothing about it because they were so good.
My brothers wifes parents and aunt from Philippines were visiting and wanted to come to this famous chefs spot would be good for the overseas family. They asked me and my cousin to come meet them for dinner and seeing I had a positive experience, I gave it another go. . . I had the chanterelle burger and simply fries. It was the same consistency as last - it was cooked to a nice pink and juicy, the mushrooms and jams were nice with it. Maybe I've been drawn to more simple burgers on this menu but it generally is so topping fiends may be disappointed on that front? It's a clean beef flavor with a big of enhancement is I think what they're going for.. . I also tried some of my brothers truffle fries which was rather good, with a great aioli and the onion rings my cousin got were decent, but I feel the truffle fries are the best bet side. My brother also got jalapeno poppers and those were good as far as poppers go.. . Service was friendly, but just ok on the attentive front. It was during peak dinner hours and it was SOO BUSY and they were just a bit spread thin so I wont fault too much. There was a wait, and while these burgers were good I feel the wait will dampen the experience. I recommend not off hours.  . . My one thing we thought sucked though was when I came with the BF last they split our shake no problem and we were told you cant split them. It lead to fights with the two kids having to share one cup. I was a bit perplexed as to why they wouldn't split because it is "too thick". . . Now the BF meets us after he gets off work and he wanted to eat here too since we were already here. Haha. SOO I went again with him. . . He got a fish sandwich and said that was good, but not better than a burger. He got the sweet potato fries which had this kicker jalapeno dip so there was a sweet/spicy/salty thing going on with this.  . . I sat there with one of their shakes and got the strawberry with coconut pudding. The BF got a oreo with creme brulee pudding. Good, rich but overkill at least for us. We should've shared one like last time. . Water went empty a few times, but it wasn't as busy. Still very personable and friendly though and did check on us and kinda chatted but didn't look down and see our water was low and started to walk away until we asked for some. We asked for our food to be packed and it wasnt and then we asked again and it as taken and while signing and doing their little iphone survey it didn't get to our table and we then forgot about it. . . Overall - after technically three visits, I think it's a solid place for a spot on the strip. I don't think the price point is bad given location, but as a local I wouldn't make a habit of it. And definitely - not during peak hours! It's worth the trip down, but not waiting an hour each visit. I'll keep it at a solid 4 stars since I'm a fan, but I'll say the experiences teeter between 3-4 depending.
Sadly for my tummy, I was dining alone and didn't get to sample anyone else's food or over order. Happily, my burger was wonderful! I ordered the Farm burger that features duck bacon and a fried egg. . . Because I'm picky about buns I'll start my review there. The bun had a great texture, not too soft, not dense, but substantial. It held up to all the tasty drippings of my medium well patty and the gooey yolk of the fried egg. The bun was visually appealing too, with both black and white sesame seeds. . . The burger, itself, was cooked to a perfect medium and as I cut it in half the egg yolk oozed into the bun. The sharp cheddar complemented the other big flavors nicely. It didn't disappear into the background, but didn't take over either.. . The size of the burger was also perfect. Anything larger would have been overkill. Would have loved to try the fries and the soba salad, but there just wasn't room.
The burger and fries, of course, were delicious! My favorite were the sweet potato fries. I was really looking forward to the sweet toffee pudding pops, but unfortunately they were out :( However, I would definitely come back to this place!
I wish I remembered our waitresses name, she was great, super cute, and took care of us. All the other staff we encountered was friendly as well.. Yes the burgers are a bit high priced but your at a Gordon Ramsay joint on the Las Vegas Strip. Love the buns; soft yet hold up to the burgers juices and toppings. Both of our burgers were ordered medium but they were both cooked over this. We were too hungry to wait for another, they were still good. Tastes like a burger, the way it's suppose to. We shared some of their onion rings, love the Cheddar Ranch dipping sauce. I used some of their Chipotle Ketchup on my burger (I got the American) and it was a home run. My husband got the Hell Burger.. Even though I love their Sticky Toffee Pudding push pops we decided to try a milkshake this time around. It was good, but had too much pudding on it. It was almost half of the shake, and was so thick and sweet. We will stick with the push pops next time.. Sign up for the casino Total Reward card and you'll get a few bucks off your meal.. I'm sure we'll return, we really want to try a hot dog!
Dopo giorni di martellante battage pubblicitario sui palazzi di Las Vegas, non potevo non recarmi ad assaggiare una delle ultime creature nate dal genio di Gordon Ramsay.. Il locale e sufficientemente piacevole e strategicamente ubicato proprio davanti a uno degli ingressi del Miracle Mile Shop. L'attesa non e stata lunga e lo staff ammiccante piacevole, anche se forse un pelo troppo informale. . La nostra cameriera ha avuto qualche difficolta a comprendere l'ordine delle bevande ma lo scarso inglese del sottoscritto e il baccano dai tavoli vicino sono buone attenuanti. Il menu, attraente, gioca sull'immagine di Gordon.. La mia scelta e scivolata subito sul Britannia Burger, ovviamente al sangue. Delizioso al primo morso, si mangia da solo. Ottimo l'abbinamento cheddar e mango chutney.. Prezzi nella media per la Strip. Un grande centro per Mr.Ramsay!
I really liked the service and the food was exquisite.  The burger had a great flavor I got a arugula mango chutney burger and added duck bacon to it. My son didn't eat his food because he's an alien and doesn't eat so I was left to eat his food also. Which was a gigantic hot dog.  It was fabulous. The sweet potato fries were the bomb also the parmesan garlic fries. OMG! The parmesan garlic fries were really something special because they tasted just like the ones in the San Francisco giants stadium they are one of a kind and now I don't have to go all the way to S.F. to get them. The waiter was really nice the manager came over shook our hand very nice. I love this place.
I came here for Restaurant Week - Spring 2013. It was a great value for $20.13 considering I got a burger, fries, and dessert. I went with the Euro burger. The bun was perfectly light and crispy, proportion of meat to bun to toppings was excellent as well. The patty was well seasoned and not too dense. The goat cheese wasn't overpowering and the roasted tomatoes gave it a touch of sweetness and acidity, with the arugula adding the right amount of bitterness to balance everything out.. . The wife got the chantrelle burger protein-style (without the bun for those not familiar with the In-N-Out lingo). I was too busy chowing down on mine to try hers. She seemed happy with it.. . The thick cut parmesan fries were a little limp and not as crispy as fries should be. On the plus side there was enough fries for 3 or 4 people to share. The onion rings were lightly battered and as good as any you'll find in town.. . The push pop for dessert doesn't do Ramsay's sticky toffee pudding justice. It's not even close to being as amazing as the warm version found at Gordon Ramsay Steak. The cold temperature made it too firm and crumbly. The peanut ice cream didn't add much either with its mild flavor and lack of creaminess.. . On the bright side, our server Tabitha was very good. Knowledgeable, attentive, and efficient, she made the dining experience great. Although, she did make a mistake with my friend's check, who was dining with us.
It was great, not a big fan of having to purchase fries cuz it doesn't with the burger. The Burger was awesome! bun was perfect. The burger patty was alittle burnt on one side. tho I like that. Its a must go if you love burgers when you are in Vegas. The only reason Its 4 Stars, I asked for ranch with my fries, didnt get it. asked again when they brought the food, didnt get it. asked the server again, didnt get it. Manager was walking the tables I asked her, STILL DIDNT GET IT. $15 for the Farm Burger and  $8 for fries. My wife got the American Burger.
Great burger and super tasty Parmesan fries. My girlfriend said it was the best burgr she ever had. Good atmosphere and great service. Minus one star for the waiters and waitress' uniforms. I know it's Vegas, but way too tight and skimpy. Even the guys were wearing skin tight polo shirts. Our waitress had hers unbuttoned half way and made it uncomfortable for us. This place doesn't need to fall back on this- keep it classy and all about the food and everything will be great. Come on Gordon!!!. Still a great experience.
Time to finish up this review...LOL..Came here on opening day and the wait wasn't so bad. The hostess checks us in on an iPad and texts us when our table isready. The whole service experience was so welcoming, professional and friendly.  But lets get to the important part! The food :) I ordered the Hells kitchen burger; Full of flavor with a spicy kick...I found my new favorite burger! I come to Vegas every other weekend and stop by here when it's not so packed =)
My wife and I were there over the weekend and had a great experience.  The waitstaff was nice and attentive. Our waitress helped my wife pick out a drink that she had never tried (cherry whisky lemonade) and she loved it as well as theTruffle Oil Parmessan fries. I had the American burger and it was a really big burger.
There is a reason to walk into Planet Hollywood now and fortunately, it is just inside the front door, so you don't need to go far. An almost perfect burger, good service (a little slow, this is NOT fast food), The bun is superb as are the french fries. Can't wait to return.
Went on a Saturday night. Had about a 40 minute wait, which was fine because we were in a casino and they sent you a text message when your table is ready.. . There were three of us and we all had three different burgers. They were amazing. . . The atmosphere was great. It has the feel of a nice, sit-down restaurant, but also gives off the bar feel. We enjoyed it. Our waiter was awesome. Was good about suggesting items. We wanted to order a chicken appetizer of some sort and he suggested with the three of us to go the wing route if we liked wings because it was more bang for our buck. Boy was he right. They were great.. . I will be back on my next road trip to Vegas.
Took a seat at the Service Counter and saw the Dawgs coming out so changed my mind from a Burger and ordered the Fresh Chili Dawg with Truffle Fried and a Draft. Picking the beer was fun since they give you samples before you decide. When the food came out I was very impressed with the presentation. Service was excellent, dawg and fries excellent and beer cold and fresh. Only issue was that the avocado on the dawg was not ripe and when I pointed it out to the waitress she seemed to care, but did nothing about it. I just took them off the dawg and wondered what Gorden would have done if he were there! Will return on next trip to LV and have a BurGR.
Yum! . . Loved this place from the moment I said "table for 2". I didn't even mind the fact we needed to wait 30 minutes for a table. They just told me they would text me when the table would be ready with the approximate time as well. I wandered off to gamble and they texted me at exactly the time they told me. Awesome. . . My bf got the fish and chips burger. It was a different twist on the concept, especially since when the server brought it to us, it looked like a huge hot dog. Weird right? Interesting nonetheless. The only complaint from him was that there was more bun than fish. He devoured it nonetheless. . . I ordered the Farm Burger, duck breast bacon, sharp cheddar and a fried egg. It was delicious and very tasty. It's one of those burgers that you just fall in love with. . . We also ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries. I like them crispy so this was a tad disappointing as they are the fat fries that are very potatoe-y. The truffle aioli that came with as a dipping sauce was aweome and it made me forget about the non-crispy fries. . . Also, we had the chocolate hazelnut pudding and coffee shake. It was INCREDIBLE!!! I normally am not the biggest fan of a shake, its always too thick or something is just off but the texture was just smooth and creamy. You could enjoy it and not need to suck too hard... =P. So where does the pudding come in? It comes in right on top! It was different, and a GOOD different. Yum. I would come back just to get this shake. I like Holstein's shakes, but this was just better. . . If you are a Total Rewards member, you get a dollar off here and there. Nice plus!
Went on Saturday night w/ no reservation. Was told an hour wait time but they text you when the table is ready which is nice, which allowed us to wander. 45 mins later, we were seated by the window looking into the casino. Our waitress, while nice, seemed very frantic, and we witnessed her drop water on another guest. However, we had no problems with her service. She explained the menu in full and gave "her" recommendations. The menu is small but really nice. . . We got the Farm Burger, the Euro Burger, and truffle fries. Everything came out fast and as ordered. It was all delicious, especially the fries. It was one of the best burgers I ever had. The manager came by and checked up on us as well. . . We tried the Sticky Toffee Pops for dessert, knowing the Sticky Toffee Pudding was his signature dessert at his steakhouse in the Paris Hotel/Casino. However, we were utterly disappointed in these. (Side note: We went to his steakhouse and got the real Sticky Toffee Pudding and it was delicious!) . . Would definitely recommend going if you want a burger though. Skip the Sticky Toffee Pudding pops though.
Nom! 4.5 stars.. . We waited 45 min for a table which I expected, but then another while to order our food... and then felt like an eternity to GET our food. In reality it was probably 20 min, but I was starving at that point.. . Gordon Ramsay really delivers here. We got a Hell's Kitchen burger, Farm burger, and truffle fries. I think the prices are very reasonable, even pre-discount (I think any Total Rewards card gives you $1 off the price of each item).. . Per our usual routine, hubby and I shared both burgers. I can usually pick which one I like better but not this time. Both very different from each other and equally stellar. It may look smallish but we were so full we couldn't finish the fries. Oh, those fries... just enough truffle taste, finely grated parmesan that were good enough on their own or in either homemade sauce. I'm salivating now.. . Worth the wait!
This place was good. Great service and reasonable prices for Vegas. Best thing I ordered my burger medium and it came out medium well. It was still great but when I mentioned it to the waitress she insisted on taking it back to show to the cook....hopefully a good Gordon moment. I got a new one and all kinds of apologies....I mean no restaurant I have been to has been able to cook a burger to order so doing it twice is a big deal.  It helped it tasted great both ways.
I thought the one featured item "the burger" was a bit dry. I'll prefix this with the fact that I like my burgers plain. Meat and bun which means the choice of meat, it's seasoning, the bun, how it's cooked are all that much more important. When I asked for for burger medium I found it to be overcooked (dry). I sent it back and got a burger that was undercooked. Neither had anything but average flavor. So why did I give the place four stars instead of 2 or 3. The truffle fries. They were steller.
We stumbled upon BURGR by accident while perusing Miracle Mile after enjoying a show.. . Here is the down low .... -Place is massive,  well decorated, and welcoming. -The price caught us a bit off guard (then again, we are in Las Vegas, and dining in one of Ramsay's joint ... but after late dindin, we agreed it was well worth it!. -Service was cordial-friendly. -Our food arrived timely. -Our Ticket/Tab was a bit too slow. We had to wave on one of the servers to finally bring it to us.. . Overall, we had a lovely time. Yes. We are returning again! :)
This is as close to Hell's Kitchen as I'll ever get. . . We got to sit right at the counter in front of the kitchen. The head chef was a ball buster. Dropping f bombs and asking where our shake was. Just like Ramsey would : ). . The food was really good. We had 2 burgers, fries and a banana shake. . Warning: the peppers on the Hell's Kitchen burger are flaming hot. Get them on the side or not at all!. . Fun quick lunch.
Been to BurGR about half a dozen times already (I'm a local) and wanted to write my reviews of this place. . . Pros of this restaurant was the overall atmosphere, friendly attentive staff and service from the hostess, bartender, servers, to management. I always order the same thing. American cheeseburger cooked medium well with no lettuce no tomato with pickles on the side and red union. Truffle Parmesan fries and my Virgin Bloody Mary extra spicy with no garnishs. The bartenders that I know of seem to alway recognize me and remember me and engage in small chat when busy and always check up on how everything with my time there is doing. . . I would've given this place a full 5 stars but the following cons of the place made it drop a star .. Even though I been there on several occasions I still almost have to always wait more than 15 min for a spot at the bar or table near the bar. I still have to wait what seems a bit long for my burger to arrive and even then they almost always has the meat rare or even raw temperature. Normally when I get a burger that's raw I would send it back but my first time there and noticed the raw meat I had already eaten half of it. Luckily though it was still delicious and most importantly I have never gotten sick as a result of eating here but still feel the cooks can improve on that a bit. . . I'm a huge fan of Ramsey and I am actually even friends with some celebrity chefs that have in one form or another known or worked for Gordan directly. I am so relieved that his restaurant has made a positive impact on me, as I've been to many celebrity restaurants and only a rare few had disappointed me. . . Now if only BurGR had a customer loyalty reward program....... . Thanks and I will be back soon and continue to tell all to check out BurGR.
Service was great, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We enjoyed the Farm Burger, Hells Kitchen Burger, and the Truffle Fries.  I am still thinking about those fries!!  :)
I've eaten in this restaurant for 4 times already. I definitely love this place. My first experience with the Truffle Parmesan Fries was phenomenon. However, when i visited for the second time, the fries were not as truffly as the first time I'd tried. Then the third time i ordered, it got better. They should control their product consistency.. . My goal is to try all shakes on the menu. I tried the Oreo, Coffee, Strawberry, and Banana. So far, my favorite is Coffee. All of their shakes are super thick and sweet and especially the Oreo was too sweet for me (I love sweets, when i say it is sweet, it is really sweet.) Who ever created this shake menu, I have a huge respect on him or her.
Truffle fries and a unique take on burGR's make it a fun, accessible Ramsey establishment. Not to downplay BurGR, but I thought the burger au poivre at Mon Ami Gabi was definitely superior.
On our first trip to Vegas we had to eat at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. We had the Britannia burger, the American burger and shared Just Fries. The service was great, we got there right at opening, seated right away and the servers were great, we never even had to ask for a drink refill. They knew the menu and what to recommend and had great drink pairing suggestions. The burgers were phenomenal. I would say it is quite possibly the best burger I have ever eaten. The bun was fresh and soft, the burger was cooked to perfection. The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 was because of the fries. They were average, nothing special. They give you 2 different kinds of ketchup to dip and I think they were both a bit too spicy.. . Overall I was very pleased with my visit and will be back when I get back to Vegas, can't wait to have another amazing BurGR!
Overall we had a great lunch at BurGR. My burger was overcooked and a bit dry, but my wife's was perfect and juicy. We went right in the middle of the lunch hour so as expected there was a wait, but they can send you a txt when your table is ready, giving you some time to go plug a few slots. . . We had the jalapeno poppers, truffle oil fries and Hell's Kitchen burgers. They also have over 30 beers on tap, so lots to choose from. The shakes looked awesome, but we here too full to indulge. . . Aside from the management doing nothing about a very loud, table of cursing, obnoxious drunks, it was a good experience.
Wings are awesome, skip the honey wasabi and get the hot ones. Chili dog was legit! Farm burger (sharp cheddar, duck breast bacon, fried egg) was delicious; probably would have enjoyed it more if i wasn't already stuffed.. . Definitely worth the Vegas lunch visit.
Being a fan of GR I told my boyfriend we had to go to one of his restaurants before we left Las Vegas. This was a good choice because it was delish. I ordered the chicken "yardhouse" burger and my boyfriend ordered the four cheese burger. They were cooked to perfection, dripping that lovely meat juice. We started with the jalapeno poppers, which were probably the best I've ever had. One is loaded with the seeds still in, luckily my boyfriend got that one. They come in the best ranch cheddar dip (we ordered extra to dip our fries in). We also ordered a side order of plain fries, they were the only let down of the meal, they seemed kind of raw still, lacking salt. Overall, the meal was pretty good, 4 stars for the undercooked fries and the price, kind of hefty for burgers and jalapeno poppers + 1 alcoholic drink $75.
Pricey but well worth it. Get a seat where you can watch the kitchen staff. They were always cleaning up behind themselves and this made the meal that much better. We will go back just to watch and learn and oh yes......to eat.
10 minute wait to be seated for us. The host will text you when your table is ready which is cool. Farm Burger with crispy duck bacon and egg is the way to go. Wife prefers the Euro Burger. Ordered medium and received medium rare but we are brave. Buns were good and not soggy even with medium rare meat and egg drippings. Wife loved onion rings and ranch dipping sauce.
delicious,  the fries and onion rings are amazing
Came with a large group for a late dinner and we were all impressed! I tried the chicken burger and the farm burger and while the chicken burger was impressively good for a chicken burger, the farm burger is definitely the way to go. It had a really good mix of textures and flavors from the beef patty, bacon, and fried egg. I also had the truffle parmesan fries, which I thought were okay--they could've used more truffle flavor, though the dipping sauces were really good. Solid burgers at a decent price (esp for Vegas)!
What can i say, gordon ramsay sets up great establishments.. . First impression is of course WOW. No res so we walk up, just in town for a few hours so any seat will do... by the by the place was full. As we sat near the bar i noticed there was a bar where you can watch the chefs... f me for missing that. I asked the staff if there is a special request needed to sit there. they said no just ask... i did, but even with empty seats couldn't get the seat. it's okay.. . menu is awesome, simple and fairly priced. if you aren't used to paying more then 10 bucks for a burger then this place isn't for you. the price matches the quality and care the chef take to make it. if i could work there i so so would. fries are great. sauces were awesome. the chipotle ketchup wasn't very heated as i wished it would be, but i know the cliental are mostly tourist so oh well. i get it, make sure your guest aren't overwhelmed. curry ketchup, awesome! ummm, food great. oh yeah many awesome beers on tap... on to the next. . why no 5th star... staff. since this a review of overall, the staff let me down a little bit. the hostess, pretty awesome. our waitress you can tell was having a rough day, she had a look of concern and frustration the whole time. i get it, rough crowd when you have many coming in but take a min and get it together. smile. lucky for her the other staff that was just coming on for the switch was ready to go and very friendly. another thing... don't most managers have a office, one manager walkin the place and saying hey... good work. the other had much work to do and was busy at the bar but also running staff... ??. well, as i took a look around most people were okay, all but one table... most obvious too, they had that look like "where the hell is my damn waiter!!!" i called out to the manager working on with iPad, he asked what was up and i told him about the table... boom they got service. if i didn't i wonder how much longer they wouldve waited... so much wait staff kept passing them up. sad.. . but, overall still gets my respect, i will be back, at the chef bar though. and maybe i'll bring my veg gf cause yes they do have a veg option. if you are in town and want to taste something gordon puts his name on then go in and try. maybe you'll love it too.
Went here with a friend on Sunday, (Memorial weekend), was told it was going to be a 40 min wait which I expected. Walked around planet Hollywood for only 15 min and got the text that our table was ready! The decor is interesting, they have a cute little bar as well. Okay on to the food, my friend got the creme brulee shake, it was really creamy/tasty but soooo rich! We shared the Parmesan onion rings, they were awesome! They were crispy and light, and had a generous amount of Parmesan on top. I also loved the cheddar ranch that came with it. We both ordered the farm burger which had English cheddar cheese, fried egg, and duck breast bacon on it. It was a pretty good burger, good enough for 14$? I don't know... Overall I had a good experience and would come back to try another burger and get those onion rings again.
I'm always on a quest for the perfect burger, so I tried this place.  The Farm Burger was very tasty (bacon, cheese and fried egg).  The meat was tasty, the bun was fluffy and it all came together well.  The parmesan fries were also pretty good.  Great selection of beers and other items.  The only strange part of the meal was the over-eager, over-anxious, "I'm your best pal" attitude of the waiter.  I appreciate good, sincere, efficient service....but don't try to blow so much smoke up my shorts!
My daughter requested that we have a few of her teenage friends come along with us to try Burgr for her birthday. I was pleasantly surprised! . . If you live here in Vegas, the strip tends to be more a nuisance than a novelty. But not for the sake of my daughter's birthday request, we just wouldn't have bothered. With the combination of being located inside a strip casino and being a Gordon Ramsay property, I expected everything to be ridiculously overpriced, but considering the factors involved, it was very reasonably priced. . . The menu is ala carte, with the burgers ranging from $12-$16. The fries cost between $8-$11, and easily feed two. Appetizers cost about the same as the entrees, and the homemade shakes ($9) are just divine!. . Everything ordered all around was absolutely delicious! We were also pleased with the service. I have but one complaint about the entire experience. They should never have left the restaurant open to the casino. It is so terribly loud in there. When you can hear the nickel-mongers cheering their $12 jackpot over the person seated next to you, it's time to consider building some sort of partition.. . Otherwise, we had a lovely experience at Burgr!
My burger was tasty, and the service was great, but I think this place was a bit over-hyped. The chantarelle burger was certainly good with a nice combination of mushrooms and some sort of a fig jam, but not one of the best burgers I've ever had. Truffle fries were cooked well, and certainly large enough to share. We arrived right as they opened for lunch so we were able to get a table immediately. Like many places in Vegas, they go a bit overboard on the technology, just because they can (ipads for cocktail menus, mobile device for payment, etc), which is ironic because it often makes the process more difficult. All in all, it's a solid restaurant with good service and a nice alternative to just about everything else in Planet Hollywood.
Overall rating is more like 4.5 stars out of 5.. . My wife and I absolutely enjoyed this place. She was telling me that she might even like this Gordon Ramsay establishment better than the Gordon Ramsay Steak.. . This is just an all around great burger place.  Not to mention that the decor of this place was very intriguing. It was so intriguing that my wife took a few photos of the place.. . I couldn't really find any issues with the place. Besides the 20 - 25 minute wait for our burgers after finishing our starter/appetizer of onion rings everything was pretty exceptional.. . Our server was awesome. I don't remember the names of the burgers we ordered, but I do remember they were absolutely delicious. The onion rings were cooked to perfection and for extra deliciousness they actually add some Parmesan cheese on top. And although we ordered their simple fries they were seasoned well and tasted extremely good (If we are ever back in Vegas and at Gordon Ramsay, BurGR we plan on trying one of their other fries option).. . All in all my wife and I enjoyed our experience here and feel that Gordon Ramsay BurGR is by far one of the better restaurants we attended while we were in Vegas. . . I recommend this place to anyone looking to eat a tasty burger. This place has them.
I LOVED this place!!. 4 stars goes to location, service, pricing, and QUALITY of food!!. . Gordon Ramsay is a famous chef throughout the world and I was happy to finally try one of his restaurants. BurGR is located in one of my favorite hotels (PH) and has a nice modern decor to it. The wait for me was about 20 mins, which I didn't think was too bad.. . Service was amazing!! Polite, friendly, personable staff!! They refill water before asking and know their menu very well when I had asked questions about certain entrees. . . Food was impeccable!. 1. Jalapeno Poppers: BY FAR THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!! It was presented nicely, and the taste was explosive! I was hooked after one bite! It has a hit of spicy that makes it unique and makes you wanting more. And that special sauce it is dipped in makes it even better! Beware, a few of these and you'll be needing a refill of water sooner than you think!. 2. Truffle Parmesan Fries: You can never go wrong with truffle parmesan fries! And the dipping sauces it came with made it even more amazing. The flavor of the crunchy freshly made fries with the aioli dipping sauce is addicting!. 3. Hell's Kitchen Burger: I LOVE avocados and they were definitely not greedy when it came to my burger, and the tomatoes were so delicious in this burger. I ordered it medium and it melted in my mouth!! One bite and you'll be sure to fall in love with this burger guaranteed!!. . Everything was reasonably priced and worth every penny!! I'll be back!! And if you haven't been to BurGR I highly suggest taking the time to try this amazing gourmet burger joint!
I would like to begin by stating, the ambiance and food were fantastic.. . However, there are two things which lead me to give a 4 star instead of a 5 star.. . Number one, we felt rushed from the beginning by our server. The moment we got our seats, our server asked us 4 to 5 times in under 5 minutes if we were ready. While we were eating she asked if we wanted desert. While we were finishing up our burgers, she put the check on the table without asking if we wanted anything further, which we did.. . Second, I felt that the burger options on the menu overlapped and wasn't enough of a selection. Many of the burgers seemed extremely similar to one or another. Considering there is only about 6-7 burgers on the menu, going off my memory, I felt somewhat trapped in selection. However, the burger I chose was fantastic. . . Other than the two problems I addressed, it was a great experience. Definitely try it out.
The Strip is now packed with fine burger establishments. There's probably one in every resort/casino. Mr. Ramsay opens up his newest one right smack in the middle of the Strip at Planet Hollywood. This place will always be packing because of all the foot traffic here. . . All the waitresses/hostesses are wearing skimpy outfits that gets stares from the guys. We probably waited 25 minutes for a table. Gave them my digits so they can text me when the table was ready. Walked around the Miracle Mile for a bit.. . Seating is close quarters. We can hear the conversations all around. It's eavesdropping paradise. Menus had a hole on the bottom with a slot for the utensils/handkerchief. Waitress brought out drink menu on iPad. All the drinks/pudding shakes where there with a picture and description if you clicked on it.. . So I order me some Truffle Fries and a Farm Burger. Burgers with fried eggs makes me go goo goo gaga! I inhaled it of course and it stuffed me like a good meaty burger should. There were juices dripping from my experience afterwards. The fries were pretty delicious too.. . The atmosphere is loud and crowded. LCD television screens are mounted up in every direction with sport channels. Service can be slow as it's always seems so hectic in here.. . In conclusion:. Food = A (Delicious all around). Service = B- (Friendly and attentive but can be slow at times). Atmosphere = A- (Can be a fun place to dine)
What can I add to 400 reviews of a place that is busy all the time?  I'll just give a bit from our experience.  Everything was just about perfect from the service to the food except for my hamburger.  I ordered the "Uber Cheeseburger" medium.  The hamburger came out well done.  It wasn't just well done, it was really well done (you know what I mean), and it pretty much ruined the taste.  The hamburger ended up being good and bad - there were parts that were pretty flavorless and there were parts that were pretty good due to the selection of cheeses.. . The truffle parmesan fries were excellent and kept the overall rating at four stars.  I probably won't be back; I mean, I've only spent two nights in Vegas in my life and there are so many places to try, but if it were close to home, this would be a regular destination.
I had the "Hell's Kitchen Burger" and it was easily in my top four best burgers ever. We tried both the truffle/parmesan and sweet potato fries and both were outstanding. The service was very friendly, from the hostesses to the servers.  The Manager noticed we had been waiting for a few minutes, and I do mean a few...and offered us a free appetizer or a free round of drinks, we chose the parmesan fries. The ambiance was very modern and sexy.  The server outfits were all a tad short - but I think GR was going for sexy when he designed the overall look. We waited in a long line, for only 15 minutes; it moved fairly quickly.  We waited for our actual burgers for about 12, while munching on some free fries.  Overall, I would say 9 out of 10, and would definitely go back!
The shakes are the highlight here. The burgers are clearly high quality with subtle flavors, but left a little to be desired for me. Truffle fries are good, but I preferred the sweet potato fries. The honey jalapeno that came with the sweet fries and the aioli and ketchup that comes with the truffle fries are very good.. . I'd give them 5 stars on the shakes. 3-4 on the fries and 4 on the burgers. Overall, 3.5 stars but round up to 4 stars to be fair.  That said, my standards are fairly high.  If McDonalds or Wendy's is your standard, then this kills it.  If you're looking for the best burger ever, then keep looking.
I came here this weekend on a Saturday for dinner. Arrived at 5:30pm to avoid the dinner rush. We made it just in time, because for a party of 3, we only waited about 10 minutes for a table, while groups that arrived immediately after us had wait times of 15-30 minutes. It's good that they take the phone numbers of parties that have wait any longer than that though, so they can go roam the strip until they get texted that their table is ready. . . I tried the Farm Burger, Truffle Parmesan Fries, and the Shake #5, which was a coffee milkshake with sticky toffee pudding. . . The Farm Burger was delicious, although it was a little messy to eat. The yoke of the egg kind of just bursts out, which is absolutely delicious, but it does get all over your hands while you take bites of the burger.. . The Truffle Fries were a little expensive, but definitely worth the taste. The combination of the fresh parmesan and truffle aioli made it all the better. The portion was pretty big, and can be shared among 3-4 people.. . The milkshake was delicious. I usually don't like milkshakes because I get tired of the sweetness, but the combination of the shake and pudding made the taste a lot more bearable for me. The shake was sweet, but not overbearingly so, and the pudding was light and not all too sweet. The cookie on top was great too!. . I think anyone looking for a good burger should check it out. It's often pretty busy during peak meal hours, but if you go just before or after, it should be okay. Even if there is a line though, you can gamble in the casino or go shopping in miracle mile ;) The waiting service was also great! My friend ordered a Raspberry Tea, and every time it got even close to low, our waitress would come around with another one! Gordon Ramsay did not disappoint!
Really delicious burger. I got the farmer burger and the runny egg with duck breast bacon on top of burger was so so good! . It was juicy and perfectly cooked. I got mine medium and it was perfect. . . The onion rings and the truffle fries were delish as well. The onion rings had great batter on them and was crispy and seasoned just right. The truffle dipping for thr fries were really yummy as well. What can I say? . They were well worth the money. I know some people mentioned in their reviews that the burger was expensive but hell, they aren't no McD burgers. I can still taste the buttery taste of the buns. . . It only gets 4 stars because of the hot dawg. It was very very salty. My little son who loves hot dog could not finish it and after I tasted it, I could see why. . Even though the server was nice, the service was just a touch slow. The restaurant was really packed so maybe that's why. . . Definitely will be back next time I am in town.
I went here for late lunch.  Since I love truffles and I love fries - I had to try the truffle parmesan fries.. . There was a line even at 2pm and I was in a hurry.  I didn't make a reservation - who eats at 2pm?  Apparently, 60 other people do!  Good thing a spot opened up at the bar and I wasn't picky as to where I sit, I just want food in my belly!. . I had a medium rare Euro burger (truffle aioli, arugula, goat cheese and oven-roasted tomato) and truffle parmesan fries.  The guy at the bar who took my order said that 1 order of truffle fries was good enough to share - he doesn't know me and how big my appetite is.  I also got a Farm burger (double patty, duck breast bacon, fried egg and cheddar).  After 25 minutes, my food came.. . My Euro burger was cooked perfectly, juicy and absolutely delish!  The tangy tomato and peppery arugula were a good balance to offset the thick creaminess of the goat cheese and the fatty beef patty.  The Farm burger was real meaty - I'd have a heart attack if I ate the whole thing!   The Parmesan Truffle Fries were good.  The amount of truffle dipping sauce was pretty generous and also comes with homemade ketchup.  The flavor was fantastic without a doubt but I would've loved the fries to be more crisp.  I finished the fries though.. . Next time I come back, I'll probably have the same stuff and try the chocolate hazelnut shake/ dessert.
Again, checked in and headed over here after our 3.5 hour drive in from L.A. Needed a burger and beer. Wife and I had such a great time here first time in January, we had to come back. I had the Britannia Burger, medium. It was good! I felt the arugula was a little too peppery for this burger and overpowered the cheddar. I think the mango chutney ended up on only half of the burger.  A thicker cut of cheese on this one would definitely bring it up to great burger standards. Wife and I were smarter this time and only shared one order of fries!!
What can I really say about a burger joint...?. . With the influx of GR shows, restaurants and promotions going on, I thought it might be wise to stop by one of his cheaper yet tantalizing establishments.  Burgr is located in Planet Hollywood, which is connected to where I stayed over the weekend.  Just a quick walk through the miracle mile and there we are.. . A couple steps away from the craps table, Burgr looks like a leveled up diner.  Booth seating in and around and a tables scattered between.  The wait staff and servers all wear fashionable casual attire.  GR jeans?!  That was pretty laughable for us, but their uniforms fit GR' personality well.. . Being a burger joint I insisted we all get burgers, but a few of the group opted on the chicken sliders and pork belly bao.  Both were surprisingly tasty.  I split the Bleu cheese arugula burger with the sis and another buddy got the farm burger.  The burger was perfectly cooked medium rare, but nothing really blew my mind.  To cap off our order we added the truffle fries and onion rings.  All in all, the food was good, not great.  They look organized from the top down and you can sense that GR was once here overseeing some of the operations.. . With that said, service was either slow or nursing the previous night made us antsy for our food.  Took a litlle over 30 mins to get 2 burgers 2 appetizers and 2 sides.   I'll stick to my review and one day I'll be back, but there are just too many other restaurants to go back here for now.. . Definitely worth trying, besides it's Gordon Ramsay' place!
Glad we tried it! I do think the Ipads are a bit pretentious, annoying, and slow down service every time the waiter has to explain the concept to each table.. . I ordered the Euro Burger, I enjoyed it but wished I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger!. My husband tried the all american and it was quality.. . THE TRUFFLE FRIES WERE FABULOUS AND I AM NOT A FRY PERSON!. . Good deal for a high quality burger on the strip! Glad we went, might be back, might not.. . ALSO THE BURGERS WERE BEAUTIFUL, LOOKED LIKE THE PICTURE, AND THE TRUFFLE FRIES ARE BIG ENOUGH TO SPLIT BETWEEN 2 PEOPLE! VERY FILLING!. . Our bill was $44 for 2 burgers, 1 truffle fries, and 2 waters... fyi
Everytime I do a review I can never stop wishing for a guideline.  When you've been so many places it so hard to not compare and to completely concentrate on one place.  Here we go again.... . Never would I have ever thought a place could have TOO muh customer service. Our server was nice, very talkative and probably checked in on us 4 times too many.  Yes better more than none at all but it was almost annoying. . . I read the other reviews and the ipads we didn't have to deal with that and this crazy long wait everyone speaks of did not exist at midnight on a Saturday Las Vegas night.  . . The food: . . The fries 3 people can share them with a meal.  The cheese on them was very heavy with taste.  The chicken wings were yummy, although I prefer sweet over spicy here the spicy worked better.  . . I had the Britannia burger and my friend had the burger with the fried egg so I was able to enjoy a taste of it.  . . Yes the burgers were good...very gourmet flavor with fusions of flavors for your pallett.  are there better burgers on the strip? Yes.  Quality of meat, presentation, service and decor you won't get better elsewhere.  So if you want to be trendy and full with a tasty meal this is the place to be.
Loved this place! . . The wait was a bit long, but it was rush hour around lunchtime so it made sense. Around a 30 minute wait. Doesn't make a difference when you can walk around Planet Hollywood and shop for a bit. . . Ordered the American burger and the Parmesan fries. DELICIOUS. Loved both and even though the burger is relatively small, it's still filling. Will definitely return one day.
I had the Hells burger and it was great. . . Onion rings were not crispy enough and seemed very salty I will not order those again and try something different. . . Like a lot of others have said it takes a long time to get your order about 45 min!!! . . Decor is neat and I will be back!
Hell's Kitchen burger=good! Euro burger= great! We had the oreo shake which was to die for. This place is great. It was rather pricey but normal for the las vegas strip. I did get the euro burger and I loved the goat cheese and truffle oil on it. I would recommend this place to anyone for lunch. Enjoy!
Onion rings are awesome ! Tried the American Burger and it was delicious ! Add a skinny acai lemonade....yummy.
Not sure how long Burgr has existed, but I only first got to try it yesterday for the first time.  Very good burger, but I dunno if it's worth the line that was building up when we finished eating.  Service was slow, but according to our server Tuesdays are like that.    My burger was top notch, the sweet potato fries were perfect, and there was a lot of good looking servers.  What's not to like, other than the pricetag?
Sexy waitress...definitely eye candy for the all the Man out there.. Burger was great too..will definitely be back here when I am back in Vegas next time.
My friend and I split a burger and we're both fans. The burger was made perfectly. As my friend described it, "it was a different kind of soft" what ever that means. He may have been talking about the buns. If I was going to complain about anything is that I was born with too small of a mouth to eat that big of a burger. I also ordered truffle fries which were also good. I would definitely come back here again.
Don't let the line deter you, they're very efficient in sending out hosts with ipads who will take your name and text you when table is ready! Props to them for incorporating technology in a great way! The burgrs are pretty damned good, but the fish sandwich was awesome. Fries and rings were great too, loved the different sauces. Great drinks - superfruit acai berrry was tops. Great, friendly and efficient service! Overall a really nice experience!!
A lot of burger places have been popping up around Southern California. I've had some fancy burgers for the past year, so I was skeptical that this place could really have a great burger.. . I was wrong. I ordered the Farm Burger. It came with Duck Bacon (Is this real?!), English Cheddar, and an Egg. I ordered it medium rare just to see if they would actually nail it. This was one of the best burgers I've had in my life. The meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The toppings were great. The buns, which are always a key component to a great burger, was delightful. *drools*. . Our table also ordered truffle fries, beer battered onion rings, and fried poppers. They were all really tasty. The truffle fries were really rich. I felt the weight gain pretty quickly.. . The reason why I didn't rank this place with 5 stars is because the service was kind of eh. They weren't too responsive or checking their tables too often. We waited for help for long bouts for refills on water and requesting additional sauces.
Gourmet burgers look to be some of the most common kinds of food on the strip and almost all of them suffer the same problem.  They use all of these high quality and expensive ingredients and end up making a burger that just tastes like a bunch of shit thrown together.  That's really is what a burger is, but if I'm going to spend $10+ for one, I want it to be remarkable.. . Gordon Ramsay seems to be aware of that problem.  Every ingredient in every sandwich at Gordon Ramsay Burgr stands on its own.  Every one of the items has character.  You can get burgers for a dollar almost anywhere.  GR Burgr justifies the costs.. . FOOD HIGHLIGHTS:. . Farm Burger: Everybody has a bacon and egg burger on their menu, but somehow GR Burgr does it incredibly right.  It's hard not to love duck breast bacon, but what impressed me was that you could somehow taste the egg behind all of the fattyness of the beef, the bacon, and the delicious buns they use.  Highly recommended.. . Hell's Kitchen Burger: This one has kick.  The spiciness of the peppers are tempered by the cooling effect of the avocado, all of which supplement the buns and beef very well.  Also recommended.. . Parmesan Truffle Fries: If you're a fan of either I probably don't even have to tell you they're good.  The fries are perfectly cooked with delicious potato-ness but also substantial crispiness.  The sauces they come with are worth licking from the bowl... not that I did that.. . CONCLUSION. . Call me crazy, but I found myself comparing Gordon Ramsay's burgers with some upscale  maki sushi I've had.  Each one had a complex and long lasting flavor with well balanced ingredients.  Yet, they are still burgers, so they can also be enjoyed casually.  Burgr is the first and possibly the only Gordon Ramsay restaurant I'll ever eat at, but as far as I can tell... this guy definitely knows his stuff.
WOW! First time here yesterday and I must say it was delicious!! . . It's located at a convenient place in Plant Hollywood casinos and wasn't a hard place to find. . . FOOD: The truffle cheese fries are AMAZING! The two burgers I highly recommend are the "EURO BURGER" AND "The farm" burger. I'm a sucker for eggs and the farm had a egg on top of duck bacon. YUMM.. . DRINKS: Large selection of beer and waiters have lots of knowledge of the drinks. . Service: Friendly waitress/waiter LONG time to get food since it was so crowded. took about 24 minutes to get all the orders out to our party. . . I came here around 12pm before the pool party and there was no wait. However, after I left the restaurant around 1pm there was a long line out the door! SO COME EARLY! . . Overall:. . Pros:. +good food. +good selection of beer . +plenty of tv's to watch sports . . Cons:. +long wait for food. +long wait to get seated. +buns are kind of dry.
Ate here today for lunch.  There was a short line but it moved quickly.  We had a party of six and were told it would be 40-45 minutes; however, they were able to seat us within 5!  (Brownie points for that!)  After reading earlier reviews, I went with the farm burger.  My wife had the Hell's kitchen burger.  We were both satisfied with each.  They were juicy and tasty and cooked to order (we both went with medium).  They weren't like knock-your-socks-off delish, but definitely decent.  I'd recommend trying this place if you're in the neighborhood.  . . We tried all the fries--parmesan truffle, just fries, and sweet potato fries.  They were all good and came with tantalizing sauces for dipping.  If you like sweet potatoes, I'd definitely recommend the sweet potato fries.  They were absolutely amazing and worth going back for.  Also tried the onion rings and they were good as well (the dipping sauce added to their flavor).  . . The service was average.  At the time we ate there, they weren't super busy but we still had to wait longer than usual to get refills and/or additional items.. . In short, have I had more tasty burgers?  Yes.  Have I paid more for burgers?  Yes.  Have I paid less for burgers?  Of course.  So where does this one fall in the mix?  I'd rate it above average, but definitely not tops.  Worth checking out though.
This is definitely the best burger place I've been to so far food-wise, but be warned: don't come here when you're starving because the wait (both for a table and then for the actual food to come) will probably make you faint. . . The feel of Burgr is modern and minimalistic, but spacious and intimate enough. I came here with a group of five friends on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm. We were told that the wait would be about a little over an hour, and we were able to leave a phone number so as to be notified via text when our table was ready. The actual wait was about an hour and a half, but we were seated quickly and our drink and food orders taken soon after. . . We waited ten minutes for our drink orders to come (all of us had just ordered water) and then another HOUR for our food to come. I understand that everything is freshly made and that a lot of care is put into the food, but an hour for six entrees and three sides? After watching Gordon Ramsay's hardcore antics on his shows, I had much different expectations for service in one of his restaurants. When the food did come though, it was definitely just as good as I expected. . . Chanterelle Burger:. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ#GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ). This burger was grilled to a perfect medium rare and topped with fresh arugula, roasted chanterelles, and a sweet fig jam. All the components were well-cooked and complemented each other well, although I wish there had been more chanterelles (I think there were only two pieces) and that the fig jam was a tad less sweet. . . Truffle fries:. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ#vAwykqxeHJ6L9us0hwI6EQ). I love that these were thick-cut and fried to a crisp on the outside while still soft and mealy on the inside. They were served with two sauces on the side: one a variation of ketchup and the other a kind of tartar sauce (but with a few added spices I believe). Both were delicious with the piping hot fries. . . Sweet potato fries:. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ#whOTAAufI9XOoXYwTtCESQ). Hands down the best sweet potato fries I've ever had, piping hot and topped with heavenly powdered sugar. These also came with a canister of powdered sugar on the side as well as a kind of sweet syrup dip. I wasn't a big fan of the syrup because I felt like it overpowered the delicate flavor of the sweet potato, but I've never had sweet potato fries anywhere else that were sprinkled with powdered sugar, and it was just so ridiculously delicious. . . Overall, this was a delicious meal, and I'd absolutely come back for the food. I hope the service won't take as long next time, but I'll come prepared just in case it does.
Fries with chiptole sauce is good
It was pretty late, my ever hungry friend was.. well.. hungry.. My slow metabolism was still content with the previous meal earlier in the day .. the one he called "a snack".. I wasn't expecting much, seeing that this was a celebrity chef eatery in the middle of a casino. My last attempt eating at a celebrity chef establishment years ago left me disappointed, so my expectations weren't too high.. . We were seating promptly and opened our menus. Mr Ramsay popped out. I think I hear him yell "F#?K You can't cook!" in my head.. Pricing was reasonable, I was surprised the Burgrs weren't $20+ each.  Affordable, especially for the Strip. (We Miamians are used to overpriced food by the way). . Surprisingly my ever hungry friend only ordered a few things off the appetizer menu, not his usual entire front page of the menu. Just Jalepeno Poppers, and Fury chicken Wings and some shakes. . The Poppers were huge, full of cheese, and each had their own dipping sauce. I enjoyed them.. The wings were OK, nothingout of this world.. The shakes were pretty amazing. I was almost tempted to get one for myself.. . I had a hard time deciding on what burger to get, but I eventually settled on the Uber Cheese Burgr. I didn't want anything too complicated, I was trying to keep myself from falling into a food coma.. Everyone except my friend's wife ordered a burger, she went for a salad with chicken.. . Ok, I'm exaggerating a little, but at this point into my Vegas trip I was fooded out.. . Our food came out pretty quickly after our order, everything looked good including the salad. Unfortunately the chicken was too spicy for her.. We all had a bite, it was really really good.. My Burgr was also very very good, much to my surprise.. Don't get me wrong though, I don't question Mr. Ramsay's commitment to quality, but I know things can go awry when the master chef isn't in his kitchen.. If you're on the strip, it's worth checking out.
Long wait (and that seemed to be consistent) to get in, long service once you're in, but the burger is pretty damn good.  It definitely is a gourmet burger - don't expect that classic "junk burger" some of us crave before we head off to a burger joint.  . . I ordered the jalapeno burger which had just enough spice, and so much flavor.  The burgers here are reasonably sized, and I'm pretty sure I ate all of mine.  Buns (which are so important!) were perfect. . . My boyfriend had the American burger, and that was equally as good.  . . Thennnn there are the fries. Not the biggest fan of truffle fries, so I can't say these are my favorite.  But the ketchup was a nice touch - curry ketchup and regular catchup to choose from.. . I am a fan, but I would go elsewhere for a burger since the wait times here are a bit absurd.
The burger menu was disappointingly small. You'd think for a place called"Burgr" they'd have more than 6 (I think) burgers to choose from. I wasn't in love with any of the burger descriptions on the menu, but I got the blue cheese one and it was excellent. Cooked to perfection as well! We got the truffle fries to share for the table and they were pretty good, but I would've preferred just regular fries.. . The milkshake though... Oh man I devoured that thing. My boyfriend and I got the banana-snickerdoodle one to share but it was SO good I drank most of it. It had custard in it, whipped cream, and topped with a thin cookie. I would come here and wait in line just to get a shake, it was that great.. . The first time I came here I got the hummus snack plate. Very impressed with the bread and vegetables and it was refreshing to see a healthy starter item in the menu that wasn't a salad.. . Service was a little slow both the times I was here, but it was really packed both times. Very cool atmosphere as well, I like how you can see the cooks in the kitchen, like the perspective of Ramsey's tv shows.
The truffle  parmesan fries were soo delicious
Good chicken burgers and a huge amount of fries. We ordered the truffle fries and the sweet potato fries for two people. Way too much but delicious. We ordered the wings as an appetizer and they had an awkward flavor. I advise avoid apps and stick to the grs
If you want a burger, this is where you need to go.First of Gordon's restaurants I have ever been to and it did not disappoint. Jalapeno poppers are worth going there for even if you don't want a burger. Chicken sliders were good as well. Everyone loved the burgers you really can't go wrong no matter which one you get. It was a little pricey for a burger, but it's Vegas so everything costs more. Fries were nothing special, I would get one and share or just get an app and skip the fries. Oh and the menu itself is a nice touch by Gordon, we definitely took that home with us.
Foods really good just dont fill up on beer before like i did, but thanks to Ramsey restaurants I'm now a big fan of Innis and Gunn. both the ale @ burgr and the Stout @ GR Steak.
The reason why I didn't adore Gordon Ramsay BurGR as much as I should have is no fault of my burger, the restaurant, the wait, or the man himself. The fault is entirely my own.. . I rolled in around 2 PM because I overslept and we had to wait for an hour. Luckily, GRB texts you when your table is ready, so we went off in search of drinks. One visit to Fat Tuesdays later, I get the text message and we drunkenly ordered two orders of truffle parmesan fries and our burgers.. . Now, two orders of fries is a little (a lot) extreme. You don't need two. But oh my god, these fries are delicious. And they come with this unbelievable truffle aioli that I want to dip everything into. If I only knew how to make one thing in my life, I would want to know how to make this truffle aioli. . . I ordered the farm burger, which comes with an egg and some sort of duck bacon, which made me excited, because I love duck. The burger was very good, the egg was perfect, and the bacon was disappointing because it didn't taste like duck, but whatever. The only problem? I was so full of alcohol that I really didn't enjoy the burger as much as I could have.. . Well, it looks like I'll just have to find another excuse to come back!
Loved it!
The burgers are good, but the beer battered onion rings were awesome.  The shakes were good, and customer service was also good.. . The line getting into the restaurant took about 15-20 minutes, as well as it took a while for us to get the food.  This isn't a surprise in Vegas, but in my opinion, I'm not so sure if the food was worth the wait?
I liked this place a lot!  Do yourself a favor, sit at the bar and order the Hell's Kitchen Burger! The bartenders have great personality and work as a team so it is like having 3 waiters vs. one!  The burger is to die for and if you have room, get the Oreo shake, that thing is so good it should be illegal in all 50 states!
The burgers were huge and delicious! I like that they are techy savvy and send texts when your table is ready....
I eat a lot of burgers. This is because I love them, and Southern California continues to crank out one boutique burger joint after the other. That last part is relevant because if you live in an area with a high concentration of good burger options, chances are you won't be overly impressed with Ramsay's Burgr. That isn't to say this is bad, or even mediocre, but it isn't providing something I haven't had already. . . For one thing, the lengthy line out front is barely justified. I had to wait over 30 minutes just to get a seat for a burger. I know it's all because of whose burger it is, still sucked. . . I started off with the truffle fries, which come with a garlic aioli and a fancy house ketchup. They were delicious, especially with the aioli. I wasn't too hot on the ketchup. To me, ketchup is one of those condiments that shouldn't be messed with too much. I don't use it often, but when I do I expect the flavor to be consistent. . . The blue burger seemed to be their standard offering, so I went with that. It's very simple, which allows for the meat to do most of the talking. It told me that it's tender and succulent and juicy, so I devoured it. The toppings only consisted of a little arugula and some blue cheese. The bun was excellent, some kind of seed-y, doughy bread. Could've done with a bit of a toasting on the inside, but that's only a minor complaint. . . Pricing was in line with what you'd expect at a "luxury" burger spot.  It's certainly worth stopping in if you're in town, but maybe not for repeat visits. Not with that line, at least.
Went back again, had the cheeseburger. Same, I still don't like the meat, it's not juicy and fatty which is how I like my burgers when I'm eating out. The truffle fries though are still the best thing ever! I also had the sticky toffee pudding pops.. what the hell where these? It was a giant piece of ice cream and a 2 millimeter piece of cake.. I didn't care for it. I went for lunch on a monday, waited maybe 20 minutes... not terrible.  Overall it's still enjoyable, but I've had better.
My wife and I ate here several weeks ago. It's located inside Planet Hollywood Casino. I had a Gordon Ramsey Burger, which included jalepenos and was very spicy, just the way I like it. The burger was outstanding. My wife had a loaded hot dog which was huge, and after having a bite, I actually wished I had ordered the dog. It was that good. . I highly recommend this place.
In the land of overpriced and over-hyped restaurants, I'd have to give a big thumbs up to Gordon Ramsay Burgr for pleasantly surprising our group with delicious and moderately priced food. . . It was close to 11:30 on a Sunday night when the gang and I ventured down to PH for dinner. We were seated after a quick 5 minute wait without any shade thrown our way even though it was 30 mins to closing. Kudos for that! . . Here's what we ordered:. . Jalepeno Poppers -- MUST . Pork Belly Baos -- Meh, can be skipped. Chicken Wings -- also meh and skippable. Farm Burger -- YES! Burger topped with an egg-- what could go wrong with it?. Oreo Shake topped with creme brulee -- it was good but too much creme brulee on top. . The best part? The pricing was affordable. Good food without a hefty price tag? So rare on the strip!. . *Be sure to show your Total Rewards Card for a slight discount on the food!
High end burger joint.. . Good food but fries are not not included as part of the (overpriced) entree. You need to pay extra ($8-10) for fries on top ofyour burger of choice ($15-18). I would rather pay $20 and be guaranteed both, as per normal burger shop arrangements.. . Gordon Ramsey is everywhere in their branding and looks down approvingly like big brother. If you weren't convinced that Ramsey is an egomaniac, you now will be.
Truffle fries and sweet potatoes fries were okay. Onion rings was delicious!! Burgers were great! It was "you get what you're paying for" and they have the best shake I ever had!! . . Service is kinda inattentive... we had to remind them three time about our fries order. . I would definitely come back.
So, truth be told, I really want to smack GR right in his super-egotistical face.  And his face was everywhere in this joint.  But I went here for food and not for smacking Gordon's gob, and I was very impressed.  I went around 1:of pm for lunch and the line was long but the staff was efficient at seating people quickly.  In fact, the staff seemed very good at taking care of the customers, which surprised me because the place had a kind of "fast food" decor to it.  But my waitress was bright, friendly, and helpful with suggestions, and whoever passed by and saw I needed a refill on water or soda or needed a plate bussed took care of it there and then!  That alone was amazing; talk about teamwork.  Why can't more restaurant s do that?  . Oh yeah.  Food.. Jalapeno poppers were crispy and just the right amount of hot, and came with a wonderful dipping sauce.  The spices in the coating were delicious.  The onion rings are also a must-have.   I had the farm burger which was above-average, cooked exactly as I had asked for it.  The coffee milkshake was hard to put down, very thick and smooth, with intense chocolate layer on top of coffee.  Worth the trip all by itself.  . Prices were very reasonable, and you can use a total rewards card to get a dollar off each item.  Portions were large, and food was so rich that it left me feeling stuffed.
Whoever came up with the esthetic concept of this restaurant needs to take it down a notch or twelve.  I can't imagine that Gordon Ramsay REALLY wanted his name and face on literally every printable surface.  Sure, the guy has a reputation in the business for having kind of an ego, but this is a little much, even for Vegas.  . . Dude does a good burger, even if my medium-rare order came out medium (hence, minus 1 star).  Kelp Caesar salad was also very good.  The fries were so crispy that a few were actually kind of hard to chew, and the portions are definitely generous here.  . . Good service, uuuuuugly uniforms.  Ramsay, if you're reading this, fire the design team.
Went to eat here at 11pm on a friday night and the line wasn't too crazy long.  We had the jalepeno poppers, which were DELISH.. . And the hell's ktichen burger, which looked huge, but was pretty manageable and tasted pretty good.. . I was disappointed by the chili dog..the size of it wasn't disappointment but the taste. It was SUPER salty.  . . Decor was nice too.. . If you're a Total Rewards member, you basically get $1 off everything on their menu.  And the staff there were super friendly.
Coincidentally I had marathoned Gordon Ramsays shows and developed a mild obsession in the weeks before my vacation to Las Vegas.  I was overjoyed when I realized that my hotel, Planet Hollywood, was home to Chef Ramsays affordable burger joint.  We came in at 1:30 am on Friday and enjoyed not having to wait. Our service was friendly and the food was amazing.  I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger.  It was tasty but the grilled jalapeno it came with was way way way too hot.  I'm just going to assume this was one of those flukey hot jalapenos.  Usually I have no issue chomping down a jalapeno pepper but this was the hottest thing I have ever eaten... My whole throat burned.   I pulled the pepper out and enjoyed the rest of my burger.  Our table scarfed down the truffle fries too.  . . Saturday we came in for lunch and there was a wait.  There were 4 of us though, so we could give them our number and then meander through the casino, which really helped.  The Oreo shake is AMAZING.  It's rich but its like heaven through a straw.  The farm burger was yummmmy as were the onion rings.  None of us had a single complaint about anything!
The Good: . BURGERS - The Chanterelle burger is amazing!!! Arugula, mushrooms and grilled onions!! Burgers here are cooked PERFECTLY the way you order them. If you order your burger medium, the meat is tender and pink throughout. Beware then if you are ordering burgers based on how badly other restaurants interpret this scale. The burgers are also very flavorful--these aren't your lame Island's burgers over here.. . The Not-so-great:. FRIES aren't great here. The dipping sauce helps to mask this. I feel they are stale and overcooked. Also the WAIT to get in can be difficult, however they will text you when your table becomes ready.
Yes. I love burgers. I love good burgers.. This is the place to get good burgers.. Service was decent and friendly. Wait wasn't too bad actually - spent most of our time in line just goofing off. Me, thinking of Gordon Ramsay...haha.. . Burger patty was perfect! Loved the chantrelle mushroom burger...moist and just enough savory to it. . . One of the ketchup sauces had too much vinegar in it.. . I recommend getting two totally different styles of burgers and splitting with whoever you're with. ...Who doesn't do that though? ;P. . I would like to come back!
Tried this place for lunch on a Friday.  It sits just inside the Planet Hollywood Casino.  We had to wait about 25 minutes for a table.  When we got to our table, service was slow.  It took a long time for the food to come out.  I ordered the Hells Kitchen Burger.  It has jalapeno, avocado, cheese, and tomato.  It was cooked to perfection.  It was really good.  Also had the stuffed jalapeno appetizer, which was good.  The fries were just okay.  They have three different kinds of fries.  Sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and regular fries.  I had the regular fries and they were just regular.  The weird flavored ketchups they give you with the fries were not a hit for me.  A little pricey but I knew it would be being that its a Gordon Ramsay joint.. . All in all, I think this place is pretty good and worth going.  I would compare it to Eureka Burger as far as atmosphere and quality.
Hard to imagine a better burger in Las Vegas.  The place had an insane wait; we got there at 5pm and still waited for about 30 minutes for a table.  All the burgers were excellent --- the truffle fries and sweet potato fries were delicious.  Servers provided iPads to view the drink menus; nice touch.. . This place accepts Total Rewards points too, which is a plus.. . For a group of six that each got a burger, shared three orders of fries, and maybe one drink each, price was about 27 each.  Not bad.
After several disappointing Vegas meals, I had to try BurGR because I figured I'd at least have a decent, if not excellent, meal in one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants.. . 1. We left our name at the front (party of two? wait in line for a table. More than that? leave your number and get a text message when a table becomes available. Go play slots and lose lots of money in the casino). Our quoted wait time was an hour and a half, but I was determined to make BurGR happen. Here's a weird thing, the first person in our party left her number and was quoted 1.5 hours via text message. The second person in our party also left her number just in case it made a difference, and was quoted just 1.25 hours... yet she left her name three minutes later than the first person.. . Still, very pleased that we could go hang out and have fun while we had to wait so long for dinner.. . 2. Our servers and busboy were both really nice, sincere, helpful, and attentive. The waitress even switched in the middle of our meal, and the replacement waitress came over and introduced herself right away.. . 3. The menu is pretty straightforward - elevated burger joint fare. Gourmet burgers, fries and onion rings, and shakes that are topped with complimentary pudding and spiked with a cookie. There's also an interesting-looking cocktail menu, although I didn't order a drink.. . 4. I wanted to taste a good variety, so I got truffle fries, onion rings, a chocolate shake-caramel pudding combo, and the Chanterelle burger, rare. The only component of the burger that gave me pause was fig jam, but I figured Gordon Ramsay's team chose the flavor profile because it worked, so I went with it.. . NOTE: Burgers are ordered separate from sides, and so expect to spend at least $20 for the combo of a burger with fries.. . The burger meat was soft and tender, pink, and cooked correctly. The mushrooms didn't have too much flavor, and the fig jam wasn't my favorite. Overall, though, the burger was really good, and I was happy with it. I didn't finish it, only because I ordered so much other stuff.. . The fries were pretty good, but could have been slightly crisper. I didn't taste anything truffly about them. The dipping sauces were really good.. . The onion rings were excellent - crispy, light texture, with good flavor. They are topped with a dusting of (parmesan?) cheese, which wasn't strictly necessary, but it didn't take away from the awesome batter on the rings.. . The shake comes in a tall glass that is 3/4 milkshake, then topped with pudding. The cookie was spiked into the pudding, and was just flat and football-shaped and wasn't anything too special. The pudding was rich and yummy, but not addictive or anything. I ate a few spoonfuls but didn't finish it off. The shake was thick and rich.. . 5. So overall, I really enjoyed my experience at BurGR, and the food was really good (not perfect, but solidly really good). It blew away the other Vegas burger joints I tried during my stay, and it was the best meal I had while in Sin City.
Get the Euro Burger - goat cheese, arugula & truffle aioli - simple, but delicious! Absolutely loved it and will be back to order again.. . The onions rings were large, but had too much batter. The parmesan truffle fries were overcooked, but the truffle aioli dipping sauce was to die!. . Was too full. I wanted to order a yummy looking shake, but would not be able to conquer. . . We checked in at around 1pm on a Friday and we were told it was an hour wait. They took our number and said they would text us. Cool, so we can walk around and shop in Planet Hollywood or gamble. 20 minutes later, they paged us. Awesome! . . The place is not that big, which is why the wait is probably long for some. I thought it was worth it though. Service was also awesome. Glad I got to try it.
SERVICE: C+. . So C+, at best. Didn't receive my beer until we had been seated for about 25 minutes. I had to ask the server if they had brought out the beer yet. She brought it to be promptly after though. Throughout the meal we had to constantly look for our server. Quite surprised, really, at the lackluster performance, especially being at one of Ramsay's establishments.. . FOOD: A+. . THE BEST damn burger that I've ever tasted in my life. I had the Euro-burger: truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula and oven roasted tomato. Literally, melts on your tongue. Nothing can really describe it really, but I'll give it a go. Rich, delicious, balanced, loads of umami flavor, succulent. You could say I went to burger heaven and did so completely satisfied.. . Girlfriend had the Hell's Kitchen burger. I had a couple of bites and we both agreed it also is delicious. It had nice intense flavors - had some kick, some spices (p.s. personally preferred the euro burger tbh, so if you're into that whole umami, richness go for the euro.). . The appetizer to choose:  jalapeno poppers with one surprise kicker, which is "supposedly" fiery. Not so fiery to me, personally. We also had onion rings. A bit doughy, if you ask me, but cooked to perfection. They were just alright partly because I personally prefer panko-style (bread crumb) breading on my onion rings, as opposed to the batter type (kinda like funnel cake). . . BEER SELECTION: B+. . Of course, it ain't no yardhouse. But I doubt any beer aficionado would come knocking on burGR's doors looking for an exquisite selection at a burger joint. Nonetheless, the selection is above average. I had a pint of La Fin du Monde, which I enjoy occasionally. Not too many IPAs - hope they check into that.. . OVERALL: B+. . If it weren't for the shitty service, I'd given it a score of A without a doubt, which would've yielded a 5 star rating, too.. . TL;DR: Service needs work. Food is perfect. Beers are pretty good. Give it a try when you're in Sin City.
First of all, I freakin love Gordon Ramsay, I watch a handful of his shows (my favorite being Master Chef) and I'm a fan of his blunt and straightforward personality. That being said, I'm disappointed by the wait time for the table and the food.. . Me and a group of 5 friends came during EDC weekend around lunch time. The hostess was very kind and told us that it would be a 30 minute wait and would notify me via text (that's so cool!). This was not a problem, I had a large group anyways. After about 30 minutes, I get a text but we wait another 15 minutes for our table to get set up.. . After looking through the menu, I decide to order the farm burger (duck breast bacon?!?) and an order of truffle fries. What I've learned about watching Gordon Ramsay's shows is to be diligent and not to make your customers wait forever for their food. The funny thing is that we waited for almost an hour for our burgers and we only got one order of fries before the burgers (we ordered 2).. . Granted, it was probably the best burger in my life I can't rate this place any lower than 4 stars because the service was commendable and the food was delicious. Just beware of the wait time if you're starving or in a rush!
We wanted to come in for dinner on a Wednesday night at about 6:45, but the wait was about an hour and a half, so we went to Holsteins @ the Cosmopolitan and walked right in. Walking through the casino the next day at about 3:30, we were hungry and noticed there was no line, so even though we already had a great burger just the night before, we decided that a short twenty minute wait was worth it for a chance to try this place out.. . I had no complaints at all. My burger was cooked to my liking, the bun, toppings, condiments, etc......all good. Some people have mentioned that their burger didn't have much flavor, I'd just say that it wasn't over seasoned. You can taste the quality of the meat underneath the seasoning. Fries were also good and the service was exactly what I expected. . . I liked that they send you a text to notify you when your table is ready instead of making you carry around the big vibrating coaster, but you shouldn't have to wait very long for a burger in Vegas. As much as I enjoyed my burger, there is no shortage of high end burger joints in Las Vegas these days (many within walking distance of this very restaurant). I'd put this place near the top if I were ranking Las Vegas burgers, but there are burger places equal in quality nearby without the insane wait during peak dining hours.
Be prepared for a long wait. We weren't going to wait in this crazy long line but with the huge storm that decided to grace our visit we didn't want to go outside until we knew we wouldn't drown or get blown away...Yes it really was that bad I'venever seen something like that felt like I was watching a storm movie.. . With the bad weather some people were panicking and left their spot in the line (probably didn't help that the fire alarm was going off for about 20-30 minutes). So we got closer to the front and then the hostess asked if anyone cared to sit at the bar! Hell yeah I needed a beer. Our wait only ended up being 40 minutes when we were quoted 1 1/2 hours.. . The bartenders were funny and offered samples of the beer if you didn't know what you liked. I ordered Hells kitchen but with chicken which was amazing! And my hubby ordered the blue burger i'm not a fan of blue cheese but this was actually tasty. The people sitting next to us shared their poppers which was a nice gesture and they were so good.. . Not a bad place to go if you don't mind waiting in a long line.
The absolutely best burger I've ever had!  Medium rare like it's supposed to be, this place excels in delivering flavor!  The down side was the 1:30 wait.
Having the uber cheeseburger, truffle Parmesan cheese fries, and a hazelnut chocolate shake:)...It's recommended to order your burger medium and they know what they're talking about.  My Uber Cheeseburger was juicy and full of flavor.  It had 3 different types of cheese and carmelized onions on a Brioche bun.  The parmesan fries were crispy and seasoned perfectly.  The shake was to die for.  The chocolate was a pudding on top of the hazlenut flavored shake.  It was topped off with a thick whip cream and a praline cookie.  It is pricy, but what do you expect?...it's Gordon Ramsey.
What can I say? I love burgers.. I love them so very very much and, for me, an amazing burger can be (what's the word I'm looking for?) orgasmic.. I really like Gordon Ramsay as well so I was really looking forward to eating at the Gordon Ramsay BurGR.. . Tell you what? I wasn't disappointed. I really like the place. The decor and setup work really well together, It's got bright and vibrant colours, it's modern and the bar area is a nice touch  and contributes to the relaxed atmosphere. Our waitress very friendly and nice... . I had the Euro Burger w/ Truffle Parmesan Fries and my mate had the Farm burger - simply amazing. Those fries are awesome!. . I had 2 other mates who also tried the roasted jalapeno poppers and they're still raving about them today so that says things.... . I highly recommend it but be prepared to wait.. I think we ended up waiting about 20 mins or so but it's worth it...
I love burgers. I had the Farm burger. Egg, duck bacon, cheddar. 90 min wait was ok to try one of Ramsay's  creations. The not so friendly or knowledgeable waitress informed us they were out of duck bacon, they will sub turkey bacon. Dud! Turkey bacon is so common. The smoke flavoring on the burger was delightful. No doubt this is now my favorite burger place in Vegas. Just delish. Try the sticky toffee push up for dessert as well. Yummy.
After a few nights of eating 'fancy' food, I wanted to have a relaxed dinner with more down to earth food.  When a coworker of mine mentioned that they had been to BurGR earlier in the week, it made my stomach grumble as they described the burgers and fries that they had.  My last night in LV, I finally had a free night and decided to visit BurGR for myself.. . First a note for all those who want to eat here; there are no reservations unless you have a very large group, so plan to check-in and wait for a while before you get seated.  I went with a group of six and luckily one of the girls headed over to check us in early... I think her wait was about 25min.  We were seated right after 6:30pm.. . We were seated and then our waitress came over to our table with a tablet that had all the drinks available on it.  The tablet is only used as a drink menu, you can't order your drinks on it or anything, you still have to give her your drink order.  The tablet seems like a waste, just give me a drink menu on paper if the waitress still has to come back and take the order.  On a better note, they have Angry Orchard Cider and  Pear Cider here, so I was thrilled!. . The BurGr menu is limited and specialized to Burgers and Hot Dogs plus traditional sides that would go with this type of food.  This is fine by me, I like the idea of a restaurant doing one thing and doing it well!  . . The appetizers didn't appeal to me, I'm not a fan of Jalapeno Poppers or Onion Ring.  All the app options were either fried foods or sliders with some kind of condiment that I wouldn't like... I passed on these.  . . The burger I order was the Southern Yardbird Burger ($14), which was ground chicken patty topped with mustard bbq sauce and cheese (it has onion strings on it but I ordered mine w/out).  The patty itself was very moist and well seasoned, I loved it!  The mustard BBQ sauce though wasn't my favorite, it just tasted like yellow mustard, nothing bbq like about it.  I scraped off some, added ketchup, and mixed it up so that it tasted more like a bbq sauce.  . . For sides, we tried one of each fry.  There are Just Fries ($8), Truffle Parmesan Fries ($11), and Sweet Potato fries ($9).  The original fries were good, but pretty standard thick cut fries.  The truffle fries were just the thick cut fries with some truffle oil and parmesan shredded.  Both of the fries were good but not noteworthy.  The Sweet Potato fries though were AMAZING!  I don't like sweet potatoes and never eat them and as recent as the 4th of July, I tried sweet potato fries near home and wasn't a fan of them at all.  I don't know what they do to make the sweet potato fries so mouth wateringly good, but I love them!  They are a must order item if you visit here.. . We didn't have dessert, but they did have a toffee pudding that sounded delicious.  . . I would highly recommend coming here for the Sweet Potato fries alone.  The burgers are good and I would like to try a beef burger on my next visit.
Ramsay.. if I didn't love you and respect you, this reviewed would be lowered to probably 3 stars. . . FOOD: Burgers were great and distinctive. They have the traditional cheeseburger, but you can expect a nice twist with Ramsay's flare. I did ask for medium rare, but the burger came back medium well. In this case, I usually ask for a remake, but continue reading for the reason why I didn't... . AMBIANCE: Interesting racer/diner concept. All servers were girls who wore mini skirt tight dresses. I guess it's vegas right? I feel sort of bad for them.. I'm sure working in that is not easy. . . SERVICE: This is where things fell apart. Come on Ramsay.. you have a show called Restaurant Nightmares... and this was a nightmare. First 5 minutes were great, but then we realized it took an hour to get our burger. Some people came after us with larger parties and got food before us. I know I know... we could of gotten something harder to make right? Wrong. We ordered 15 minutes earlier than a table, and they received their fries 10 minutes before us. I was drooling as the waitress came towards our table only the realized it wasn't for us. Yeah that kind of sucked. Then she did the same thing with the burgers. So when my burger came out medium well instead of medium rare. EFFF it, I was not gonna wait another hour and needed those carbs now!. . PARKING: Since it's in the Planet Hollywood, parking is free and easy. . . Overall: I hope the service improves and the meat is cooked properly, other than that... it was a nice place in Planet Hollywood and I'm always down for a good burger.
Very solid for the price.  I like to rate things relative to others in a similar price category.. . The burgers were very good, the standard fries were pretty bad. They were limp and with odd condiments in lieu of ketchup, which neither of us enjoyed.  They were bad enough that I considered sending them back but I didn't feel like making a fuss.  The drink I ordered was one of the best specialty drinks I've ever had and the dessert (the creme brulee & Oreo cookie shake) was positively incredible.  Our server was a little more aggressive than I like, but was good at his job. All in all, worth coming back for.
I can't say it was the best burger I've ever had, but it is close.  The meat was well cooked and juicy but I was hoping for just a little more flavor.  The Just Fries were nothing really special, but the chipotle ketchup was very good (the curry ketchup was just a little too strong).. . It is pricy, but you have to expect that, so it didn't bother me... I'll probably be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Alex with glasses. Luke sous chef. . The line was insane, but if you have a small party you can get in quickly.  I saw a few large groups break up to save time.  . . Good beer selection on tap (sam adams cherry wheat? nice).  The jalapeno poppers were incredible, you must buy them if you go.  Tries a few sweet potato fries with powdered sugar, pretty good as well.  Had the hells kitchen burger, cooked perfectly and very delicious.  The bun was perfect for it.. . Chatted with the sous chef Luke, great guy and he was doing a great job at the pass (insert gordon ramsay knowledge here).  . . Server was Alex with the glasses, very friendly and I was happy with the service.. . I will surely return, and there was a lot more on the menu I wanted to try.  You won't be dissapointed in the food.
First time i ate here. The line was long and it took just over an hour for a party of 5. The cool thing was they check you in and then text you when your table is ready so you can go and wonder the casino. Not a beer person but there is a large selection. I got the Britannia burger and it was good... the mango chutney was just a sweet marmalade. I wish that fries came with the burger but if you want them they are an additional $10...a little pricey but this is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. Not really as upscale as I thought it would be. . . Only reason i am giving 4 stars is cause I love Gordon Ramsey.
Went here on our "chef ramsay tour" in vegas and were not disappointed.  . . We had the porkbelly as the starter, enough for 2. The flavors were amazing.. . For the burgers we had the farm burger which has fried egg and duck bacon!  Delicious. . . They are very generous with the portion of fries.  We ordered three orders for three people and had a big amount left over. Our favorite were the sweet potato fries. . . For dessert we had the sticky pudding push pops, they were ok. They had plenty of ice cream and little pudding. . . My only complaint about this place are the hostess girls. They're more worried about giving every girl that walks by looks from head to toe and making comments to each other, rather than helping customers.  We waited in line, then realized we were supposed to check in first.  There were at least 3 other parties that did the same because we didn't know how the check in/line worked.
So I put my faith in something unknown. I'm living on such sweet nothing. But I'm tired of hope with nothing to hold. I'm living on such sweet nothing at...GORDON RAMSAY BURGR! - Calvin Harris (sweet nothing). . Because they don't take reservations ahead of time, the wait can be pretty ridiculous. We came here at like 10 pm and there was still a 45 min wait. Fortunately once you put your name down, you can go wherever you want and they text your phone letting you know your table is ready (better than having to carry around a pager). Luckily, the shops at Planet Hollywood were still open so we just walked around until our table was ready. . . We shared a peanut butter milkshake that was really tall and came with a soft delightful cookie. The farm burger was pretty good, not the best burger but certainly above average. The duck bacon that came with it was interesting. We also ordered a side of the truffle fries and sweet potato fries and although both were huge portions, they were not great overall. I've had more satisfying room service fries at 5 am than these ones. The dipping sauces were nice but I would say pass on their fries unless you really need fries with your burger. . . Overall, I would give this place a 3 but given the waitress that we had who was very upbeat and helpful, I have no problems bumping it up. It's Vegas so the restaurant itself is cool and trendy as well. I'd suggest waiting until the hype cools down a bit to give this place a try...wayyyy too busy for what are ultimately mediocre burgers.
Bless their souls for serving me and my 6 girlfriends while we were absolutely wasted. They were so sweet.. . The Hell's Kitchen burger was really good, but I honestly don't remember why. I remember us all thinking it was amazing though. The avocado was SO fresh. The burger did not taste as good warmed up later, so try to finish it all in one sitting.. . I really enjoyed the truffle fries! Also enjoyed the wings. . . Be prepared to WAIT!! We came after a pool party so half of us got the reservation while half of us showered (we stayed at the Cosmo) and then the other half went to shower and came back to join us in line and we STILL had to wait a bit. Not sure how long that took but it must have been awhile if 7 girls could shower and walk to the restaurant before we could sit down.... . I would say it was worth it though! Unless you're some kind of burger connoisseur I guess?
BurGR!! . I wanted so badly to love this restaurant but sadly I am only able to give it 4 stars.. Firstly the hostess sat us quickly as it was 12:45am, and although the seating was limited there were seats available. The waiter came over and introduced himself and the fancy iPad drink and dessert menu. He was very nice and excited and helpful! When I wanted a beer and didn't know which to have he offered to bring me a sample of the two most popular to chose from, and informed me that if those didn't work out we would try some more. Free beer tasting? Sure! I needed up loving both of the selections he brought out, but went with the apple ale.. . I ordered the Uber cheese burger expecting something creamy and mild while  little sharp. I thought this would go well with my apple ale.. . After about 25 minutes our order came out. My uncle had the American burger and I was being served the chicken burger. I quickly informed e server that I had ordered the Uber burger and he apologized and assured that would be out very quickly. Meanwhile out waiter also comes by to check on my food that was missing. After about 3 minutes another burger is being served to our table. This time the server and the waiter both come bearing a maytag blue cheese burger with arugula. The waiter goes to his computer and then confirms with me that I had ordered the blue cheese. Not wanting to complain and not wanting to wait more for a cheese burger I agreed. The arugula looked compelling, so I decided to try a blue cheese burger for the first time.. . All in all the burger was great. It was perfectly medium, the truffle parmesan fries were awesome, and my uncle liked his burger as well. The blue cheese was a bit rich for me so I only ate half my burger, but that is to be expected of blue cheese. . . Overall the experience was amazing. I loved the atmosphere and I loved the menu selections! (and the menu is a souvenir so score!) I was given the wrong burger simply because the restaurant was a little loud because of a band playing right on the other side of the wall. I'm sure my burger would have been awesome, just like everything else on the menu! . . Breakdown: .          Staff/hostess--- 5 stars! .          Waiter (Michael? Or something..) --- 5 stars!.          Menu--- 5 stars!.          Noise level--- 4 stars! . . I wish I could give you 4.5 stars but I can't so 4 it is! I will definitely return!!
This place has an annoying wait, but most people don't seem to realize that you DON'T HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE. You can put your name and cell phone # down at the front and they will txt you when your table is ready. The burgers, fries and cocktails are excellent and definitely worth eating here for. It wasn't the greatest burger I've ever had in my life, but it was close. Very close.
Blue burger was amazing, the manager was very nice.  Just a tip though, the girls have to wear these short tight dresses, please require they wear spanks.  Just saying.  Service was great, food was great.
I religiously watch MasterChef, I had to eat at a Gordon Ramsay spot. You won't be disappointed. The burgers were amazing. The service was top notch and the best sweet potatoe fries I've ever had. They have iPads to give you to scroll through the dessert menu. Expect an 30min to an hour wait depending on the day. It is located inside of a Planet Hollywood. Enjoy! :)
I feel like I was torn between 3 and 4 stars but decided to give it a 4 star rating.. . It's located inside Planet Hollywood.. . WAIT: Make sure you know, the line of people is for groups of 2, if you have a bigger group you have to "check in" at the front and it's usually an hour or so wait, because the restaurant isn't always filled, when we ate we saw there were empty tables.... . ATMOSPHERE: More casual, open kitchen, with a modern feel.  . . FOOD: I got the farm burger (egg!) and got it medium rare.  I also got the truffle fries and the other people in my group got the sweet potato and regular fries. . . Each of the fries comes with their own two dipping sauces (ketchup, aioli, truffle sauce etc.) and they come in those cone like containers.  The fries are cut fatter than normal, which I didn't really like.  The truffle fries were good, I just wish they were thinner.  The sauce it came with totally made it though.  They sprinkle some cheese on top too.. . My burger was good, the patty was tasty and flavorful - definitely glad I went with medium rare.  The egg could use a little more seasoning but it was perfectly soft and the yolk spilled out when I poked into it.  The bacon was interesting, it was softer and not crunchy (I think it was duck something bacon?) and the bun was the most disappointing.  It looked good but it was kinda meh, just your typical bread bun, not really toasted or chewy like Umami's buns.. . Overall, not a bad burger if you're in PH or want to try Gordon Ramsay's restaurants.  They can be a little pricey around $13 for mine I think.  . . Size wise, they tend to be a little smaller, the guys in the group ate it quickly but I felt like with the fries it filled me up perfectly.
Tanta qualita. . Mangiare uno di questi hamburger e come mangiare una bistecca. Vera carne, spessa e cotta davvero bene. . . Locale carino ma niente di speciale.
My friends and I were curious to try food at a restaurant by Gordon Ramsay, so went to BurGR! I had the damnation chicken burger and some parmesan fries.. . The burger was not as great as I expected, but it was still pretty good. I kind of wish I choose a burger with beef instead. The sauce tasted pretty unique, but I'm not sure how to describe it.. . The fries were delicious! I usually don't like Parmesan very much, but I did on these fries. I think they're excellent for anyone who likes thick cut fries.. . The wait, which was about an hour and a half, was pretty long for my small party. I did like the food, but I think 14 dollars is a hefty price for a burger...and about 8 bucks for fries too whoaa. . . By the way, for any of the fellas who like pretty waitresses, you guys will appreciate the their body hugging uniforms. Seriously.
I'm not gonna lie: I have a man crush on Gordon Ramsay. Don't get me wrong, he's not Sam Jackson or the Rock, but he's definitely on the list. So when I was in Vegas for my buddy's wedding and happened (or, more accurately, drunkenly stumbled upon) this place, it was game on. . . Located inside Planet Hollywood, Bugr has the nowtrademarked glass enclosed fire that Gordon Ramsay seems to enjoy a little too much. (I'm not saying that Ramsay is an arsonist, but if one of his restaurants burned down I think we can all agree he's a preeeeeety good suspect.) . . I went on a Sunday afternoon around 1 and it was packed. The line snaked around the perimeter of the restaurant, and many of the bigger parties left because of the 45 minute wait time.  Smaller parties, like mine, waited about 20 minutes. The hostesses were extremely courteous and polite, which I imagine can not be easy when you consider the the sheer number of drunken assholes trying to grab them inappropriately. I don't necessarily know why Vegas (and Bugr is no exception)  feels the need to put every woman working in the town in a short/tight/skimpy outfit, though. I get it if I'm at the Spearmint Rhino, but at Bugr? It just seemed a little unnecessary. However,  that being said - wooo! I love boobies, so maybe I'm being a bit disingenuous.  . . After our short wait we spent pondering gender inequities in modern society (cause, you know, were deep like that and stuff) we were escorted to our table. There is a giant touch screen menu on the exterior of the restaurant, so we already had a fairly good idea of what we wanted. The menu is fairly small with maybe a dozen burgers, (some chicken, fish, and vegetarian options available), a few hot dogs, some appetizers, a handful of salads and a smattering of milkshakes. I went with the farm burger, which had duck bacon and a fried egg, and my buddy had the hell's kitchen burger. We also ordered the Parmesan truffle  and sweet potato fries. To start we had jalapeno poppers. Those jokers may have been the highlight of the meal. They are served in individual dipping cups in case you're worried about getting cooties from your dining companions, and come with a bacon cheddar sauce. One of the six does not have the seeds removed which makes for a fun game of intestinal Russian roulette, especially if someone in your party can't handle a little spice. The fries were OK. The truffle Parmesan were a little too crispy for me, closer to being burned. The sweet potato fries had some seriously delicious dipping sauce accompanying them. I think it was honey mango chipotle flavored or something like that. The burgers are fantastic. My first bite literally melted in my mouth. The duck bacon was an interesting component, but ultimately,  it was overpowered by the burger itself. I saw some kid next to me put ketchup on his burger and it was all I could not to snatch him  out of his chair. You should NEVER  put any condiment on a good burger or steak; the meat speaks for itself. (Sidenote: who brings their kids to Vegas? You mean your kid will appreciate a trip to the land of debauchery and excess more than a trip to Disneyworld? You could be having pictures with Micky and dinner with Goofy, but instead your kid has pictures with penis impersonators -seriously happened - and dinner with Chardonnay,  the stripper?! Parenting fail.) . . Overall, Bugr is a great place. The wait staff, particularly Chris, was phenomenal and friendly and the burger was great. The price is comparable to other Vegas locations and you can knock eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant of your fatboy bucket list. Its not the best burger I ever had, but its close.
So I've been on a Gordon Ramsay thing lately because I've been watching kitchen nightmares and MasterChef. Not going to lie, I was really excited when I saw his restaurant burgr and was like, ohhhsnaps, it's Gordon Ramsey's face on the posters. I went with a couple of friends, about 6, and the wait was about two hours long. I should have went earlier and grabbed seats. When the time came to order, I focused my attention towards the customer service and the scenery around me because Gordon Ramsay sure makes a hell of a big deal out of it on kitchen nightmare. Needless to say, the service was great and the waitresses wore body-hugging clothing, perfect. Prices are a bit up there though for some burger and fries. Burgers were about an average of $15, $8 for fries, $7 I think for the milkshakes. I expected a more gratifying taste from my first bite of the euro burger, it was still good but not worth getting yelled at by chef Ramsay for. Fries are a must get. They were thick, big, and delicious, literally. The shakes were interesting. It has some bean texture pudding thing on top and shake on the bottom. It seemed a bit overpowering towards the end, but I love sweets so I guess it does not phase me. Ultimately, not worth the two hour wait      . My next stop in the future will be tasting the infamous beef Wellington in Gordon Ramsey's steak.
I'm normally really skeptical ofVegas restaurants.  You never get your moneys worth.  But I will say BurGR is an exception, mainly because I was stuffed and didn't break the bank.. . BurGR has a lot of things that usually turn me off, mainly because it seems like it's a tourist trap and has a long line.  But I was pleased with how my burger turned it, it was really good.  I had the chicken burger and even that was really good.
Overpriced and ridiculous. The food was pretty good but it's really just an upscale fast food restaurant with Gordon Ramsay's name plastered all over it. If you want to go here for the novelty, enjoy! . . I had the farm burger and truffle fries. Both were delicious! For dessert I ordered the cookies and creme brulee pudding shake thing... Weird. But good.
Came here for a late dinner when we were in Vegas last week because my bf 's coworkers recommended it.  We ordered the hell's kitchen burger and the britannia burger. YUM :) the hell's kitchen burger had a nice spicy kick to it and I think it would've been even better if it were a bit spicier ;) The britannia had mango chutney in it, and although I'm someone who doesn't like "fruit" in a salty dish, this was delicious! Just the perfect amount of sweetness. I definitely would recommend checking this place out, the burgers are delicious and the prices aren't outrageous :) however, the wait time during prime dinner hour is probably really long. I came at 10pm on a Wednesday and the wait time was approximately 10-15min.
Great dining experience. Expect to wait in line though. Sat at the bar so could see the kitchen at work. Great farm burger and sweet potato fries.  Nice and passionate staff.
We really liked this burger joint....These days burgers are all the rage in Vegas and you have lots places to try...BURGR does not disappoint! . The only reason I knock off a star us because somehow a burger lunch for 2 created a $95 bill. ..but at least we really loved our meal!. We ordered a couple of drinks and started with the Jalapeno Poppers...freaking wonderful! Nicely presented and delicious though pretty hot so be prepared..loved em!. Also ordered the Truffle Parm Fries..also fantastic with fresh made catsup and curry sauce...great!. I had the Farm burger with a fried egg on it....LOVED it!. Friend had a Blue Cheese burger that he said was great ..and he is really picky!. Service was just fantastic from start to finish. .and they give you an iPad menu which adds to the uniqueness of this restaurant!. There was a really positive energy level here and we liked it alot...noticed the other patrons really seemed to as well.. We will definately come here again!. (Visited in July 2013)
This is a fun place with very good food. Our wait was about 20 minutes but if we arrived 5 minutes later it would have doubled. The burgers were perfect. The fries are great but share an order of them. It is pricey, even for Vegas. Two burgers, one fry, one beer, one water-$56. Consider it entertainment as well as a meal.
I wish I could give BurGR 3.5 stars ... when are you going to add that option, Yelp?!. . We've visited BurGR twice this summer -- once on each of two different trips (one business-ish, one with the entire family, including a couple of extra teenagers).   As I see it, this place fell victim to what I like to think of as the Restaurant Peter Principle -- you eat there more than once and it eventually topples under the weight of your expectations.  Usually places take more than two visits for this to happen, though.. . On our first visit, we happened to notice the sign as we were walking down the Strip, and (having watched Master Chef) decided to give it a try.  I read a few reviews beforehand and was a little worried about the possible wait, but we were seated within ten or fifteen minutes (on a weekend) and our server was very attentive.  The manager stopped by to check on us and we were given an iPad survey to complete to give feedback on our experience.  (I wondered if this might be a response to concerns about poor service). . On that first visit, we had the Parmesan truffle fries to share, a Euro Burger, Brittania Burger and split the coconut/strawberry milkshake for dessert.  The food was ... well, as Gordon would say, "stunning".  My burger was cooked absolutely perfectly -- I'm picky about hamburgers and rarely get them in restaurants, because I usually end up disappointed with an overcooked, stiff little hockey puck no matter how nicely I beg the waitstaff to make it as rare as the law allows.   The fries were like crack (we asked for more aioli -- the ketchup is a little funky but the aioli is equally cracklike) and the milkshake ... well, normally I actively dislike milkshakes (too many years of Slimfast -- the fatty legacy!), but this was absolutely phenomenal, more like a great big desserty pudding parfait than those creepy chalky goopy things other people sell.. . So, it was with high hopes that we went back about a week ago with the entire family (and some of the kids' friends ... ka-ching ... let me just go on record as saying this is not a good place for kids who don't clean their plates unless you have money to burn).  The wait for a table for seven was about an hour -- a little less than promised -- which seemed reasonable on a weekend evening, and we sat down with high hopes.. . This time, service started slow and just got slower.  We were seated by someone who may have been a manager, but didn't have any other manager contact during our visit.  Although the restaurant was no busier the second time than the first -- and toward the end of our meal, as it got closer to closing time, the place really emptied out -- it was difficult getting a drink refill or the check, and the ambient noise was such that it was hard to talk across our big table, so we mostly sat around staring into the middle distance wishing we could get back to our Vegas evening.. . Our food was also somehow not quite as good.  This time, we ordered two truffle fries, one regular fries and one sweet potato fries for the table; everyone got a burger (some of the ones our table tried included the Farm Burger, the All American, the Yardbird -- which is chicken -- and the Hell's Kitchen Burger) and three of the kids got different shakes (so I had the opportunity to taste almost the entire shake menu, because sneaking tastes of other people's food is one of the few mom privileges I can still claim). . . The food took a bit longer to come out than I recall; the fries didn't come until after the burgers (last time, we got them a bit ahead of time so we could enjoy them before they started to get cold), and apparently my pleas for still-cold-in-the-middle fell on deaf ears this time, because my burger was definitely medium -- medium-medium, not even medium-rare.  Blech.  Hockey puck.  No amount of nice bun or interesting toppings can counteract that.  I didn't send it back, because (a) I'm not That Customer unless something is truly make-you-sick wrong with the food and (b) I figured we'd be in there another hour at the rate we were going, and everybody was antsy to leave.  I was hoping we'd get to take another one of those iPod surveys so I could let management know with a little more discretion, but this time they weren't offering that option.  Rage!!. . If this place were always as good as the first time we went, I'd make it a point to stop there every time we're in Vegas.  If it were always like the second time, I wouldn't come back again, especially in a city with so many bazillions of other interesting food options at that price point.  Yes, the shakes are wonderful, but the fries are much less crack-like when they're cold, and the burgers are less awesome when they aren't cooked the way you ask them to (which, for $13-15, you ought to expect; if I wanted a hockey puck I could go to Chili's, God forbid).  To use a Master Chef metaphor, this place definitely ended up in the elimination round despite winning the Mystery Box challenge.
Came in around 7pm on Saturday night and it was packed. We originally had a party of four and the hostess said it would be an hour and a half wait. She put my name on the list and the text us when the table was ready (it took 45 min).By that time we had acquired 2 more people. One of the manager guys told us to hang tight and he would accommodate the change; we were seated 10 minutes later. The service was great. All the staff was pleasant and although busy, it seemed like we were the only table our waitress had. It's reasonably priced as well. We had a Hells Kitchen Burger which was ok, nothing to back flip about. The Parmesan fries were delicious with the house ketchup; there was a truffle mayo too but I found it to be too bold for my taste buds. Sweet potato fries were good too. I can't give 5 stars b/c the burger was just ok and they don't take reservations. Everything else was on point though. We'll be back to try out some more burgers :)
Excellent burger in the high end of the scale! . . Was a bit skeptical to the whole "Gordon Ramsay put his name on this place" thing and thought that maybe the whole hype is more beause of the name then the actual food. . . Was happy to see i was totally wrong! Ok, so part of the hype is because of GR himself but the quality and taste of the food is great anyway. . . We started of with the jalepeno shooters wich was 6 awesome cheese/bacon filled jalepeno poppers with lots of punch. Great start not to be missed! . . The pork belly "pig bao buns" wich was a kind of a slider in a pita looking bread was not as good. It was way too much carrots and the bread was doughy and way to thick. The pork belly was tender but that was about everything that was good with this starter. Sorry Gordon!  . . And for the finally i took the Hells Kitchen burget with some kind of cheese, avocado, jalepeno and oven roasted tomatoes. Medium grilled and it was perfect when it came out! Ordered a side of mayo since there where no sauce on the burger but the burger with condiments was so juicy and tasty i left all the mayo.  . . Im a true burger nerd that love to test both chain and upscale burger with fois gras and truffle but this is one of my top 3 burgers i have ever had.  The price? I think it was about 15 $ wich is less then a mediocre burger at Hard Rock Cafe or similar place where i come from. I think its a bargain even though its a little bit more then the usual burger chain.
there's so many reviews on this place that mine will probably just get lost, so let me just say.... . burgers are amazing.. fries are even more amazing.. add bacon to your burger. droool.. . expensive, but worth it!
The food was good but the burgers are pretty small. I ended up paying about $30 for a burger and some fries. The food was good quality but I would not frequent this place just because of the small portions. It was a fun experience and I am glad I tried it out though. . . I feel kind of bad for the wait staff. The skin tight dresses that the ladies had to wear were not very flattering even though the waitresses were not overweight.
Delicious!  Loved the burger and loved the fries.  It was very cool to see the drink & dessert menu on an iPad.  We were in line for about 5 minutes and there was a hostess walking by to put names on the list.  We told her were in a party of 12.  She took down our cell phone number on the ipad and told us the wait was about 1 hour long.  She said we no longer had to wait in line, but she would text us when the table was ready.   That was cool!  We all hung out at the bar next door until we got a text.  We also had a child with us; he couldn't hang out with us at the bar but he went back to the Planet Hollywood room to watch tv and came down when we texted him.  That was convenient!
I mean it wasnt the most amazing burger I had but it was great quality. I'm glad he chose this hotel for this concept though cause it fits in well.
A fan of cheese? get the UBER BURGER! three kinds of cheese! what more can you ask for?? lovee it! burgers are a good size..the brioche buns were a nice touch. Ate half my burger.. i didn't want to just throw it away.. sooo i decided to pick off the cheese fromthe patty..don't judge me..I'm just a fan of delicious cheese. . . Gave it 4 stars because we ordered to go..and the hostess said she would text us when our order was ready and she never did! waited 45 minutes until she realized it didn't go through? not cool cute girl..not cool.
Had to check this place out due to being a huge fan of Gordo.  As you may anticipate, the staff is very diligent and efficient in their execution.  Turn and burn is the name of the game in this high traffic area (in planet hollywood).  With that said, the staff was helpful and my drink was never empty.. . Got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Truffle Fries.  Both were excellent, but if I were anywhere else, I would never pay what I did here.  However, the experience coupled with a solid product left me walking away happy.  Just know that you are paying for the experience with your meal and you will be satisfied.
I'm such a huge Gordon Ramsay fan--it's ridiculous. And after missing out on beef wellington during Dine LA, I knew I had to get my Gordon fix in while in Vegas.. . The place was actually pretty hoppin'--so make a reservation if you can.. . CHICKEN WINGS (4.5/5):. Comes with two flavors: hot/spicy and wasabi. I personally preferred the more traditional hot/spicy, but that's because I love spicy food. Wasabi was interesting, but lacked a kick. Chicken was crispy and hot.. . BURGER (4/5):. I ordered the farm burger, medium rare, since I love runny eggs. The patty was moist and cooked perfectly. And the duck bacon was interesting--it was milder than regular bacon, and more chewy than crispy. The most disappointing component to me was the bun, which didn't add much texture or flavor (I guess I prefer more sandwich-like burgers, a la Father's Office).. . FRIES (5/5):. If you're gonna get fries, skip the regular and sweet potato, and go with the truffle fries. They're hot and thickly cut, so they just suck up all that truffle oil and parmesan. Just really delicious and satisfying. Comes with garlic aioli, and in a pretty generous portion/cone.. . OVERALL: First time in a Gordon Ramsay joint, and flavor-wise, it didn't disappoint. Burger and truffle fries are a must here. Probably will try the hot dog, if there's a next time (THEY LOOK HUGE). But won't be angsty to go again anytime soon, with Earl of Sandwich right next door (drool).
great burgers, they were a lot bigger than i expected. it was cooked to med rare perfectly. i also loved their onion rings! it was fantastic. this place is really modern and loved the service. i knocked it down 1 star just for the pricing and also long wait. i saw many tables unfilled. they have to get their system down better ... to try to accommodate more people.
Thought we would give it a try before going to a Cirque show. We thought our kids should enjoy there "night" out in Vegas. Of course the flames on the outside draw you in as they are really cool. The wait was about 40 minutes but knew that going in. My 7 year old son ordered the hot dog, by far the best damn hot dog ever even for $11. I know this cuz he couldn't eat it all so I did. The other 5 of us had various burgers and the chicken sliders all of which were good but nothing out of this world. We had all 3 types of fries with the sweet potato fries being our favorite. All in all $150 for 6 to eat was really spendy but we were there for the name and the experience. Not disappointed not blown away. Only complaint...what is wrong with just regular ketchup?
Now I'm not a Gordon Ramsay fan - haven't watched any of his shows. But all the hype and prestige made me unconsciously want to try out his restaurants. But I'm not willing to shell out that much for GR cuz after all to me he's no Michael Mina or Gerry Danko. So BurGR has the perfect price.. . Saturday lunch, came here at 11:15am, no line at all. Food did take a while to come out, but the waitress was really nice so I didn't complain.. . Food: truffle fries are a must!. Farm burger is great too. I opted out the cheese.. Caesar salad is mediocre. Don't get it here.. . Overall it was a very nice dining experience.
Ate here twice on our last trip to Vegas. I had the Farm Burger on one visit, and the Brittania on the other. My wife and son both always eat theirs plain. We LOVED these burgers, and we're burger lovers. Burgers were cooked and seasoned perfectly, Staff was friendly and helpful. They were taping Master Chef there on a third day our we would have eaten a third lunch there!. . Good job, Gordon!
Ate here on a gambling business trip. Line up was quite long, but it was well worth the wait. After an hour, me and my bud were seated, and was presented with a wide selection of brews on a ipad. After selecting our drinks, we chose different burgers. I chose the hell's kitchen burger and it was amazing. You know how some burgers drip all this shit on a plate when you bite into it, but this burger was contained. All the juice was soaked into the patty, and each bite was great. The fries though sucked ass, but I came here for the burger.
Read the reviews. Had to try it as I do enjoy Kitchen Nightmares and wanted to see how a GR restaurant holds up.  Overall it was an exceptional restaurant experience. Service was fantastic. The waitress was knowledgable and attentive. Nathan one of the employees was running around checking on people and clearing tables. I assumed he was the manager. Turns out he was a busboy. The best bus boy I had ever seen.  Food was great, I got the Hell's Kitchen and my wife got the European.  The beef was juicy and cooked perfectly.  The toppings were perfect as well. They added to the flavor of the ground beef rather than cover it up. The onion rings and fries were great as well. Yes everything is expensive but this is the Las Vegas strip. It is competitively priced with everything else.
Had the Hell's Kitchen burger with truffle fries.  Burger was great, fries are large enough to share.  Will be back to try the duck burger.  Nice beer selection, shake selection is good too.
I'll go ahead and make the disclaimer that my husband and I are avid Gordon Ramsey fans. We watch MasterChef and Hell's Kitchen and while the man is completely bonkers, his restaurants are truly something fantastic.. . We were able to put in our phone number and be notified via text when we should come back to be seated; VERY, VERY awesome system for those who don't want to wait in a line!. . Service was quick and friendly. We had two separate waiters, both dressed nicely and very knowledgable of the menu. Drinks were refilled promptly and food was delivered at a good temperature and within 15 minutes of ordering. . . The atmosphere is mod with an English flair. The food is served in the same manner. We had very basic burgers; one was juicy and full of flavor, while one was on the dry side and desperately needed 5 minutes less cook time.. . The bigger star of our meal were the sticky toffee pudding push up pops. DELICIOUSLY buttery and sugary, they were the perfect ending to the meal. . . The drink menu is unique, as they bring you an iPad to browse your choices. There are tons of beers available in bottles, and an extensive mixed drink and wine listing. Can't go wrong with any of these choices!
Very good burgers. Attractive decor. Good fries.. Moderately priced for Vegas. Good service . Not too long of a wait time on a Friday night
So what does one do when they are hungry, loitering in the PH casino, and there is no line waiting for a table at BurGR... well, one walks right in a gets a table!  How lucky were we?. . Nice ambiance, nice greeters/waitstaff (and, yes, I enjoyed the uniforms), great menu.  I only wish that I had seen the counter seating.  It was so much fun to watch the kitchen activities from the table and I imagine it is even more fun from the counter. . . Let me say this, and be perfiectly clear: I love burgers, and I especially love a great burger.  Having fussed over the menu and really having a difficult time choosing... I opted for a dawg.  Yup... there I was, craving a dawg at a burger place... all because I saw this humongous, yummy looking dawg sitting on the counter awaiting delivery to some diner lucky enough to have ordered before us.. . Well, let me say this... and be perfectly clear again:  All of our burgers, fries, onion rings, and even the dawg were darn good.. . Two criticisms, though, if I may:. . 1.  Not everyone likes Pepsi.  Some of us like Coke, as in Coca Cola.  Can't you serve Coke too?. . 2.  The Chile Dawg.  Now this will sound odd, but it is a damned good dawg.  But it ain't much of a chile dawg.  Since when does two slices of fresno chile and two slices of jalepeno -- which appear from their thinness to have been sliced with a truffle slicer -- transform a damned good dawg into a chile dawg?  If I may, please consider changing the name from Chile Dawg to "Damned Good Dawg with a hint of chile" or "CaliDawg Light".
It is on the newer side so expect to wait a little bit. My best friend and I sat at the countertop seating overlooking into the kitchen.  It took awhile to be greeted but when he got there he was friendly and suggested a lot of great options. We split the jalapeno poppers and held kitchen burger- both were tasty! He did forget our sweet potato fries but after the burger and a couple of awesome IPAs (innis and gunn!)we wouldn't have eaten them anyway. Simple menu with flavorful burgers!
Being huge fans of Gordon Ramsay, we had to try this place out!the wait wasn't so bad-- just about 25 minutes on a weekday. The service was great, and the food was very good! I especially loved the sauces that came with fries. We also ordered the super tall milk shakes, which was really sweet but still very tasty. The price wasn't too bad forVegas either. Overall a good place to go if you don't want to shell out $$$$$.
Onion Rings were fantastic.  Truffle French Fries were all right: the truffle flavor ended up on the serving dish but were not detectable on the fries.  We got Chandrelle Burger: the chandrelle mixture was overly sweet and I am not sure the mushrooms were even chandrelles.  The burger itself was the same as all the other fancy burger places serve.
Have become a big fan of Gordon Ramsay over the past couple years and he's inspired me to cook more at home and branch out in what I do cook.  So I told myself the next time I was in town I would definitely drop by one of his restaurants and try it out.  . . I went on a Tuesday night, and there was still a small line outside the restaurant when I came inside PH, however I didn't have to wait too long as the hostess quickly sat everyone ahead of me.  I was in town on business alone so I sat up at the bar near the kitchen and watched the parade of burgers, dogs, and fries leave.  The wait staff was quite friendly and I couldn't help but notice how tight the uniforms were.  I did think that was kind of odd for the type of restaurant it was, but maybe that's just me.. . I ordered the Britannia Burger and sweet potato fries.  The burger was topped with extra sharp cheddar, a little mango salsa, and some arugula.  While I waited on my food I found it very interesting to watch the cooks go about their business plating the burgers or fries and the occasional hot dog or salad that came out of the kitchen.  I couldn't help but picture Chef Ramsay standing their barking at them as he does in many of his shows on TV.  . . The wait staff was very attentive and kept checking on me while my food was being cooked.  The wait wasn't too long and the burger was cooked to perfection.  I could really taste the sharp cheddar and just the hint of sweetness from the mangoes.  The fries came with a jalapeno/mayo dipping sauce and dusted lightly in powdered sugar.  The sauce had just a hint of the jalapeno flavor and a little burn at the end, but nothing that was over powering.  Fries were all nice and crispy and cooked well.. . Price of course was a little higher than average, but when you're in Vegas on the strip, you have to expect it.  But overall I really enjoyed my experience and look forward to making a return trip the next time I'm in town.
Food was awesome. You must try the hell's fire burger and the euro burger. Both have exceptional taste, and are made with delicacy. Also try the truffle fries; they complete the meal. . . I knocked off a star because the wait was long. It took about 40 minutes for the food to come out after we already ordered. Perhaps it was just a busy Friday night during Labor Day weekend.
If I am being honest, I was expecting a bit more glitz and glamor from Chef Ramsay. While the burger was good, nearly a week has passed since I had it and I'm having a hard time articulating what it is that I ate. The french fries were good, just a smidgeon of truffle flavor. Some of my other friends liked the place so much they wanted to go back for a meal the next day ::shrug::. . I want to say if I'm staying in Planet Hollywood, I wouldn't mind coming here at all- just can't say it has a solid placement on my must have Vegas dining destinations.. . I got to try a bit of their caramel push pops (there was a better name for this). This was good.. . Service was also on point. We lined up at 6pm and didn't get in until 7pm- they take down your phone number and text you when it's ready (we ended up getting drinks and riding a bull during the downtime). Next time, I'll make sure to put in my name early if I plan on eating at 6pm. . . They also have a cool flame sign out in front, definitely screams Hell's Kitchen.
Really liked it! There is a unique twist on each burger. We were a party of four and each one received burgers cooked to perfection. The plating is tasteful and suits the ambiance.
This was definitely worth the 1 hour wait, my wife and I went for dinner on a sunday night, once you sit down it was smooth sailings from there... I had the blue cheese burger and it was to die for, we shared the parmesan truffle fries and were those. The technology in the restaurant is cool as well, the incorporate the use of ipads and ipods... If there is a wait they take down your phone number and text you when your table is ready.
The wait: Ridiculously long.  The burger taste: Absolutely fantastic! The price: Outrageously overpriced.  The environment: Unexpectedly casual for GR.  The shakes: MUST TRY. Oreo. Get it.. . The name of the burger is escaping me at the moment, but it's the one with arugula salad and fig onion jam.  I'm still drooling over the jam and how perfectly cooked the burger was.  The multigrain bun it came on was also soft and fluffy, just the way I like it!  The truffle fries were delicious but I was slightly disappointed because they tasted like they had been sitting out for some time.  Now, onto dessert! You have to, I repeat, HAVE TO try their Oreo shake....it is simply mind blowing! My two favorites: Creme brulee and oreo....genius combo, put into one shake.  The two paired so well together.  If I wasn't clubbing that night, believe me, I wouldda finished that baby like no other, but poor me had to worry about fitting into my tight skirt that night!   Overall, this just might be the 2nd best burger I've ever had (first being Father's Office).
We were in town for 5 days. Actually passed this place twice, before going in today. The wait was about 10 min. I took a look around to see how the food was as it passed by.. . So we ordered a chicken burGR, sweet potato fries and a great chocolate truffle shake. The sandwich was delicious, and there were too many fries to eat. This was the best $9 shake I ever had. Reminded me of John Travolta in Pulp Fiction when he order a $7 shake. "it's the best damn $7 shake I had". . I recommend this restaurant to people visiting LV, Planet Hollywood.
Great BurGR,great apps, wings were killer...had shake too,very good...exellent service... it's a lot of hype,but worth trying once...so many burger option now on the strip...you won't be sorry. Overall-Good Pull
Have been here twice now and both times it was amazing. It is now going to be a tradition to go back on every trip we make to Vegas. There is always a wait but you can put your name in and they will send you a text when your table is almost ready so that you don't have to just stand in line. The first time I tried the burgerthe pepper on it and it was HOT I ended up having to pick it off halfway through but the flavor was incredible. The sweet potato fries are a must try, they are served with a dip that really makes the fries better than anyone else's. The burgers are the perfect size not too thick but not super thin, they also come on a unique bun that suites the burger well. We tried the parmesan fries the second time and they are good also, they come with a garlic dip that is super potent but goes well with the parmesan on top of the fries. As far as service I would have expected something better from a place of Gordon's, that is the only reason I am not giving them 5 stars. We had to wait forever for refills and our waitress hardly checked back on us... at least the food didn't have any problems that needed addressing.
I was lucky enough to not have to wait in the long line at BurGr because I was by myself and sat at the bar.  I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was awesome.  Very well cooked and the flavors were great.  I also ordered a side of fries and they were good but definitely meant for two people to share.. . Great burger but if I had to wait in the line I'd probably pick another place to eat.
Excellent food overall and really good service at a pretty reasonable price. The shakes are really good, the fries and onion rings delicious and of course the burgers were great. Perfectly cooked. Get here when they open or be prepared to wait a long long time.
Given his three shows on Fox, I had long been curious about Gordon Ramsay and his cooking.  It's clear he knows his stuff (hence the yelling), but backing it up is another thing.  Despite my curiosity though, we didn't plan on hitting up two of his restaurants (GR Pub and Grill was the other)...but it certainly worked out well!. . While I liked the decor and service (our waitress Tammy was super friendly...and funny), let's be honest - Gordon Ramsay's name and food is what people really care about here.  Compared to the other burger joints I've tried in Vegas (Holstein's and BLT Burger), BurGR's menu options aren't quite as plentiful.  However, for what they may have lacked in quantity, they certainly made up for in quality.. . -- FARM BURGER with Duck Breast Bacon, English Sharp Cheddar, and a Fried Egg...$15/$14**. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#sBOTjyHkhxZRVOLVnCLvsA). The black and white sesame bun was pretty different visually and I liked how soft it was.  The patty was both moist and flavorful and while I would have preferred pork, the duck bacon went well with the egg and cheese.  Pretty tasty overall.. . -- TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES with Truffle Parmesan, Truffle Salt, and Truffle Aioli...$11/$10**. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#czEJpJ9QxE-ALZlpWMgZ6Q). The fries were cut a little larger than I expected, but they were still so crispy and delicious.  Just loaded with truffle flavored goodness.  Definitely recommended.. . -- SWEET POTATO FRIES with Vanilla Powdered Sugar & Honey Jalapeno Mayo...$9/$8**. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#xl00KTbEFS-UTX4o0wVLoQ). While the Parmesan Fries were a hit, this one completely missed.  Since the fries are naturally sweet already, adding the powdered sugar was overkill.  The five of us only ate a third of it before giving the rest to our friends that came in after us.. . **NOTE: Menu prices are slightly cheaper if you have a Total Rewards player's card.. . Given Gordon Ramsay's burgeoning popularity, there's typically a wait for a table, but make a reservation at the hostess stand and you won't be tethered to standing in the line the whole time.  Even if you don't though, the burgers at BurGR are worth the wait.  Now to try Gordon Ramsay Steak to complete my set!
I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay's . Hells Kitchen and his other programs are very entertaining to me . So when I found out Gordon Ramsay BurGR was located in the Planet Hollywood it was a natural for Dinner .. . I rolled there with a Sidekick we waited in line for about 20 minutes . We were then seated at the Counter . Our Server was very Friendly and Attractive. She left us Menus to peruse.. . I ordered Truffle Fries,Honey Bao Bao, Chocolate Pudding Shake ,Duck Bacon Farm Fresh Burger and Onion Rings.. . My Companion ordered  Truffle fries , Honey Bao Bao,Chocolate Pudding Shake, Bleu Cheese Burger,and Onion Rings.. . First Out was the Truffle Fries and the Shakes. Both were very good and tasty. Next out was the Honey Bao Bao -This was a Show Stopper Ultra Yummy  Pork Belly in Hoison Sauce in a Steamed Bun Yum. This is a must order. Out next was my Duck Bacon Burger with a Sunny Side Up Farm Fresh Egg Topping  the Burger . Omg probably one of the best burgers Ive ever had. Very Good and Earthy. Last but not least the Onion Rings very good also.. . I paid by Discover Card and Rolled out.. . Gordon Ramsay BurGR is a definite must Eat at it lives up to its Name.
Just arrived in Las Vegas!  Have an hour before a meeting and saw Gordon Ramsay's advert at the airport baggage claim.  Ok...nice advertising, so decided to check it out with colleague.  Lots of buzz around the restaurant.  Lots of beer on tap, a little heavy in the merchandising, however, good seating options nicely laid out menu.  Starting out with roasted jalapeno poppers.  This is an interesting. take on a pooper, made up with cheddar bacon, cheddar ranch and what they tout as "one fiery surprise"...!  Next up was the Euro Burger, which had a very nice truffle aioli, with additions of arugula, goat cheese, and oven roasted tomatoes.  And let's not forget the Maui onion rings...crispy with great dipping sauces...Nice finish!
My friend is obsessed with Gordon Ramsay so on our last Vegas trip, we had to stop by before we left for home. We didn't have to wait too long before we were seated. They use an iPad to display their drink menu which is cool. My friends and I ordered an Oreo milkshake which was amazing! A huge glass is filled 3/4 with Oreo milkshake, then the top 1/4 is filled with creme brulee pudding and finally, it's garnished with a dollop of whipped cream and an Oreo cookie. YUM!! It was so delicious but also super filling - my friends and I were full after 3 sips.. As for the burgers, we ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, euro burger, and the farm burger. We also ordered a side of truffle parmesan fries. All of the burgers were juicy and delicious and the fries were perfect as well. I would definitely come back here again.
We were told that the wait for this place was about 45 minutes for dinner, we only end up waiting 15 minutes! The burgers were delicious and the service was really good and food came out fast :) . . The food was definitely worth the wait! Next time i'm in Vegas, I definitely want to try some of their appetizers too!
Really good food. Filling to say the least. The garlic fries, or whatever, I can't remember, were ehh. But when I am in Vegas again, I'll go back.
Burgers delicious, sweet potatoes too, service very good and fast, second time here and same feedback, so definitely very suggested!. Missing five star for waiting time, 45 minutes!!!!
BurGR is definitely a fun place.. . I'm not a big fan of GR's TV persona or schtick.  Though there is something positive to be said about his mercurial nature and focus on detail.  So, given our short eleven hours in Vegas, we decided to come here.. . At the heart of BurGR, you'll find some good food and I believe GR poking fun at himself. The restaurant has several photos, as does the menu, of him hands up in a fit of mock anger.  I believe, there's a wee sparkle and impishness in those eyes.. . So, what about the food you say?. . It's good!  Very good in fact.  And, those BurGRs are worth every penny of the $14.00 to $17.00 you'll pay to enjoy them.. . The reason isn't too hard to understand.  Given that mercurial nature, GR chose to cook the food: "Paying special attention to not only the ingredients but the method, beef patties will be cooked over an open flame fueled by hard woods."  . . So it isn't too difficult to see why they have a complex smokey taste, that layers nicely with the various toppings and ingredients. . . We had the American and Euro BurGRs.  The Euro (photo) came with truffle aioli, goat cheese and arugula, while the American came with american cheese, butter lettuce, tomato, pickles and red onion.  Both were delicious, though the Euro was more interesting on the palate.  GR's focus to detail even shows up on the selection of the bun. Nice!. . Another WOW if you will, were the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Seems the BurGR fries are "hand-cut and thrice cooking will ensure extra crispness" and they use Kennebec instead of Russet potatoes  which "offering a lighter, less starchy and crisper fry"  . . Okay, we agree.  But what makes them special, is the hair like shavings of parmesan cheese (photo) with a special aioli oil sauce for dipping. Ohh, are they good.. . So, with a glass of wine, a nice pint of Leinenkugel on tap, a couple of BurGRs and some of those wonderful Truffle Fries, expect to pay around $27.50 each, not including gratuities or taxes.. . Enjoy!
Simply delicious, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is a lower end and simpler version of what he dishes out at Steak.  An open, colorful dining and a short menu of grill items makes for a lively and casual meal!  But because it's one of Gordon's spots, you might have to wait.... . Our table of four got seated after a 30 minute wait and we ordered up some bao buns and jalapeno poppers.  The buns were tasty, a different app given its Asian origins but the poppers rocked!  Six square glasses each with popper and dipping sauce, yuh-may!  The poppers werent' greasy at all and the smoky sauce added a lot of flavor.  My burger came stacked with fresh ingredients and was full of flavor and texture.  Gordon certainly knows his way around meat, even if its ground.   . . Overall I had a great meal at BurGR but it's still pricey.  Double or triple what you might spend at In n Out and you've got an idea of the price point, $25 and up.  But you know what?  It's still really worth it!  Rock on, Ramsay...
I stopped by here today for lunch by myself.   After talking with the hostess I was sat at the bar avoiding the 45 minute wait for tables.  Due to that I didn't really get to see much of the inside of the restaurant besides what I consider to be a ridiculous photo of Ramsey looking surprised surrounded by BURGR signs.  I will admit that the front logo for this place is awesome as it is surrounded by fire.  Like at his other places I found the cutlery to be cool also as the knife sat on its blade because of the curved shaft.. . For my lunch entree I decided to order the Hell's Kitchen burger along with an order of the truffle fries. The burger was to come with asadero cheese, roasted jalepenos, avocado and tomato while the fries were hand cut with truffle Parmesan, truffle salt and truffle aioli.  Whenever my burger came out I was happy to see that the tomato was more reminiscent of a sun dried tomato and less of a raw tomato.  I actually think that helped to enhance the burger as the sweetness of that combined with the creaminess of the avocado, spiciness of the jalapeno and savoriness of the meat and cheese all went together for a well thought out burger.  The jalapeno was also spicy enough to leave a slight lingering burn but not spicy enough to cause you to grab some water.  The bun was also decent, toasted a bit which helped to keep the burger together while I was eating it.  So overall I was happy with the burger.  The fries were also pretty darn good as they came in a conical shaped service vessel and were layered with the truffle parmesan on the top.  I could easily notice the truffle flavor on my first couple of bites and really enjoyed it although the flavoring seemed to dissipate a bit the further into the fries I got.  The fries themselves were cooked nicely and were crispy and not soggy at all.. . The bottom line for me is that I would eat here again in the future.  All of the food that I ate here was good and the burger that I had was the best conceived burger that I have had in a while and it really worked. Yeah, you are paying around $15 for a burger without any fries but I feel like that's almost the going rate in a casino in Vegas.  Beyond that I think that I could have easily split the order of fries with my fiance as a side to the burger and been happy.
I think the burger is better here than at Holsteins.  I got the Hell's Kitchen and it wasn't too spicy.  The fries were good but at $11 apiece, way too pricey.  The shakes were a little different as they were topped with pudding.  At first I was kind of weirded out by this but now when thinkingof my shake, I am totally craving it.  Service was super attentive and on top of everything.  I would totally come back for a burger and shake but would skip the expensive fries.
Good, but a bit of a reality check. With a name like Gordon Ramsey I really expected a lot more.  Food was good but no where near the hype. Honest, I think I make a better burger and I'm not a chef.  That being said,  the experience was pleasant and the staff was nice. Again the food was not bad, just not as amazing as I be as hoping for.
So you're in Vegas. You want to eat a decent meal but you don't have a reservation. You also want a good meal that doesn't leave you feeling ill and/or worse, feeling like you were ripped off.  . BURGR for the win! We had amazing, creative and well thought out burgers. The onion rings and fries are delicious.  My friends took it to the next level and ordered the milkshake. . I had the euro burger which was fantastic, cooked perfectly and all elements perfectly placed for some seriously crave-able good eats. Did I just say that? . The onion rings and fries come with very nicely paired sauces and the milkshake...well the milkshake was a huge hit. I don't even know if "this is the best milkshake I have ever had" can say enough. Those girls talked about that milkshake the rest of the trip (they had the banana butterscotch one). . If we go back to Vegas we will for sure be coming back to Burgr and I am already excited about it :).
The burgers were delicious! The sweet potato fries were sweet and savory- a perfect combination. The music is so loud- I will never figure out why restaurants make it impossible to carry on a conversation without raising your voice to the point of hollering. . Service was great, and the sticky toffee pudding pops- a little piece of heaven!! . I will be returning here- I would love to try one of the pudding shakes.
I went to Gordon Ramsay BurGR twice now. First time with one friend & the 2nd with a party of 10. I'm a HUGE burger person & Gordon Ramsay's biggest fan.. seriously.. . Upon arriving you will most likely see the longest line ever right along the fiery walls of BurGR. (It's only for parties of 2 so it worked out my 1st visit there). Being in Planet Hollywood & a Gordon Ramsay F&B chain, I wasn't surprised. The place itself is surprisingly small. Probably because it only got a small space near the busy foot traffic exit/entrance of the hotel. It's actually not bad if you're with 1 other person & can wait in the line, but my group of 10 was split between 2 tables in the end & we waited almost 5 hours before I got a text  saying our tables were ready (They DO NOT take RESERVATIONS). And our 2 groups of 5 never saw each other throughout the entire meal. I'm pretty sure it was a slower day. But thanks staff, for the attentive & great service from beginning to the end :) Waiter recommendations were also spot on & helpful.. . THE FOOD:.   I ordered the HONEY-PIG BAO BUNS b/c they looked delicious on the menu. It was $13. For TWO (2) Bao Buns. The pork was probably not imported or magical I assume. Each finish-able in 2 bites each & just slapped together really quick. Such a disappointment when it only tasted okay & I could make a better one at home..   HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER. The meat was cooked & seasoned well, but again the size/portion was a little disappointing. Also, I wish the burger had more contrast in texture. Great flavors.. but roasted jalapeno & tomato, cheese avocado are all mushy ingredients.. Saved by the brioche bread though. Yum..   I also got the DAMNATION CHICKEN BURGER. (Thanks BurGR for letting me take out the blue cheese!) It was okay. Probably better if you like blue cheese & didn't omit it. But the chicken burger was juicy & I totally understood the flavor concept. I ordered this when I went with the group & I wasn't too hungry..   My friend ordered the FARM BURGER. How can you say no to bacon?! Especially if it's duck breast bacon! And who can say no to a fried egg?! It was great & I know one of the most popular menu items..   Also got a side of TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES. They were deeeelicious & a good portion :) Love the truffle aioli too..   Lastly, GET A SHAKE. Shake #4 CREME BRULEE PUDDING OREO SHAKE... It's amazing. The shakes are all crazy delicious flavors & ingredients creating 5 unique shakes. SO WORTH IT.. . . My final opinion? If I lived near Vegas, I'd definitely go & try every burger if I could.. Burgers are my favorite food & this place pioneers innovative & creative flavor concepts/ideas. Beyond the waiting in line it's pretty great. I gave 4 STARS because of the OVERPRICED appetizer & the QUALITY of the dishes didn't reach my standard. I know they're busy & they need to keep tickets going but.. I felt like I always received my food as if it was thrown together quickly.. :( poo... . BUDGET: $$ ($25 per person). Burgers: $15 avg // Sides: $10 avg // Shakes: $9. ATMOSPHERE: unique, modern, stylish/hip, lounge, bar.. TASTE: 5 of 5. FILLING: Content. Filled when you share the fries or a shake!. CONVENIENCE: Not group friendly :( Get ready to do some waiting...
Atmosphere for dining not great due to being in the casino with views of slot machines and noise of quarters hitting their metal trays.  Restaurant itself was nicely laid out but line at door was less than welcoming.  Servers attire was cool and different although some of the servers literally SQUEEZED themselves into their outfits and did not look comfortable.  Our server, MIa, was absolutely great as she had a great attitude, was very knowledgeable about the menu, and conducted herself as a top notch representative of the establishment.  We started out with the pepper poppers, which were AMAZING!  The Hells Kitchen burgers were great and even better with the duck bacon.  The Oreo Cookie shake was the fave at our table but we all wished that all the shakes had less custard and more actual main flavor content. Truffle fries were also a huge hit.  All in all, a fun night with good food.  Price tag was a little steep at $130 but i went in expecting that.  I would go back but only on special occasions.
I love this place! It's my new favorite burger joint in Vegas. The wait can be a little long, but there is usually seating at the bar. After being forced to watch Hell's Kitchen for so many seasons by my wife. I was excited to go to one of Ramsay's restaurant to see what the hype is about.  I believed the hype after I took a bite from my Hell's Kitchen burger. It was hot and fiery, and I couldn't stop eating it.. . The ambience is hip and modern.. . The menu has a good selection of burgers, hot dogs, and desserts.. . The food is worth the wait.  The burgers aren't your average quarter pounders. They're thick and juicy patties of meat. The fries are of a generous  portion.. . The price is surprisingly reasonable.  . . The staff are fast and friendly. They know the menu really well.. . Definitely gonna be going back.. . Notable mentions: the Hell's Kitchen burger, the American burger, and French fries.
Let me say that, first off, the service here was pretty sweet. The hostess was super nice about letting us split up our group of 12 into two groups of 6. And our waitress was very patient, explaining everything to us since it was our first time at the restaurant, down to what each burger is made out of and being totally okay with us splitting the bill 3 ways (I LOVE it when a server has no issue with bill splitting).. . Prices really aren't too horrible, compared to other Vegas locales. I paid under $50 (including tip) for two burgers and truffle fries. The Farm Burger (done medium rare) was very juicy and flavorful. It went down very easy (the fried egg is SUCH a nice addition to any burger in my humble opinion), but I also wouldn't say that I was totally blown away by it. The truffle fries were good, too, but the aioli wasn't as truffle-y as I wish it could have been.. . Boyfriend and I were originally going to just split the Farm Burger, but we were still kind of hungry (it had looked bigger while we were scoping it out at a neighboring table), so we ordered a Brittania Burger at the last second. Our food had come out pretty quickly, so we had expected this burger to come through pretty fast, too.. . Alas, it wasn't the case. It took them over 20 minutes to bring the second burger to us, so we asked them to box it up for us so we could take it with us back to our hotel room because we didn't want to keep holding up our party. We did eat it as soon as we got back, though. The mango chutney is what makes this burger, I think. It was a nice sweetness that cut through the savory of the burger, if that makes sense. I enjoyed this one more than the Farm Burger.. . Overall, it was pretty good, but I like Umami's Truffle Burger more. I would eat here again (the pricing is essentially on par with normal Strip pricing) and I would try a milkshake this time, too, but I wouldn't say it's something that I would tell people they HAD to get whenever they were in town.
The burger was very well put together and had an amazing taste! Loved there selection of beers! Wait was not to bad considering it was a Sunday night with Sunday night football playing on all 5000 of there TVs. Only small issue I noticed was the host staff didn't seem to like there jobs very much and looked very annoyed and concerned of how they looked instead of trying to accommodate the crowd. Overall the service was great, the food came out pretty fast and the prices are not bad considering the type of restaurant and location it's at.
Ate here a couple of times in Vegas as it was quite good.  Had the hog burger the 1st time, I wasnt a fan.  Had a very weird taste.  The Steak Fries were cooked perfectly.  They give some flavored ketchup with the fries and I asked for regular ketchup which didn't taste much better.  I wish they didn't screw with something that wasn't broken.  I think they were getting a bit too creative for their own good.. . Had a regular burger the 2nd time around, this time it was great.  Right size, not huge, cooked perfectly.  Delicious.  I am still thinking about it.   They have a gimmicky IPAD they bring to your table that talks about all the desserts, and drinks etc.  The waitresses spend so much time trying to wow you with useless use of technology, you are led to believe you could order the things on the menu from the IPAD, but you cannot. You still have to order it from the waitress.  Not a big deal but why waste our time with the Ipad if you aren't going to utilize it to order?  Just a pet peeve.. Skip the ipad's and shave a couple bucks off your burgers... . . Fries were great.. Get some and split it with a friend.  For $11 ea they better be amazing.
After an epic guys trip to Vegas we needed that icing on the cake and it could only be one thing: a trip to Gordon Ramsay's Burgr. I've been a fan of his for a long time (Hells Kitchen and MasterChef). I had to pay homage to a man with amazing culinary skills, a short fuse but with a big heart.. . I felt like I was on a pilgrimage walking though the endless mall at Planet Hollywood. Got lost twice, but finally made it to the restaurant. The iconic flames in the window welcomed me home.  .  . I was excited to see there was no wait. We were welcomed by beautiful people who quickly took us to out table. For a Sunday morning, people were in good spirits and it was a lively atmosphere. Although situated within a casino, they did a pretty good job with the layout to minimize that fact.. . I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger fries and Shake #2. Although not the best burger I've had (some that top BGR in LA) it was pretty darn good. The shake and fries were the best. I loved the homemade ketchup. . . This is a must stop for a quick bite in Vegas. Can't wait to be back and try something else. Thanks Chef Ramsay!
The most expensive burger so far that I've eaten. The most delicious one is Farmbuger. If you come here, definitely try it.  Fries was just okay, nothing exciting to pay $10 for, we got the Truffle Parmesan fries. Didnt even get to finish it. We ordered: fury chicken wings- delicious!, hell's kitchen burger-average, the euro burger was pretty good. Their meat was cooked perfectly and so tasty! Last but no least, we ordered the shake #4, creme brulee pudding, oreo shake, oreo cookie...omg...this was awesome!! This went perfect with our meal!
don't go here hungover...
Waited anxiously for this unique gourmet burger popularized by owner and renowned chef Gordon Ramsay.  The feeling of spontaneous joy after biting into this burger was nothing short of perfection. Savory, delicious and flavorful burger, instantly one of my top three burgers really enjoyed it.
this place is pretty cool! my burger wasnt the best ever...but my onion rings were AWESOME. i also had the wings and jalepeno poppers(went with a group of 4-didnt eat all that by myself lol) and those were awesome too. the jalepeno poppers were huge and come with a tasty dipping sauce and the wings had a great sauce on them. needless to say we all left stuffed. i tried some of the oreo milkshake and it was good but not worth the $8 or however much it was . this place is def worth trying if youre in the mood for a burger but it is slightly expensive
Burgr is definitely a restaurant you want to try when your on the Vegas strip! . . My GF and I went in the evening and waited a good 30 minutes before we sat at a table. The staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and give great recommendations.. . I had the Euro burger with a order of onion rings.  My girl friend had the Hell's Kitchen burger and an order of regular fries. . . Both meals were packed with flavor and in my opinion one of best burgers I have ever tasted! . . The only draw back for me is the server seemed a little "cookie cutter" and didn't have much of a personality of herown.  More like she memorized what she had to say and just went through the same routine at every table. . . We had a great experience and will be back next time were in Vegas.
There's usually a line at mealtimes outside, but don't be dissuaded, it's worth the wait! . . The gourmet twists on tried and true favourites (hamburgers, hotdogs, fries, shakes) adds fun and pizzaz to the dining experience. . . If you have a sweet tooth, save room for a milkshake as dessert. The shakes are a combo of pudding, shake and cookie - over the top and delicious! . . The truffle fries were well balanced and unless you love sweet things, perhaps give the sweet potato fries a miss. . . The place also utilises iPads to show (read: sell) you their drinks (cocktails especially!) Nifty and temptation-driving, perhaps having a flick through will help you work out what milkshake you'd like to try the most ;)
Oh Gordon Ramsay, is there anything he can't do?. . My pal and I have started an annual tradition....1. Going to Vegas every fall and 2. Eating at a burger place the day we arrive. This year my friend's Food Network crush (come on, we all have one...) on Gordon Ramsay led us to BurGR. Hot off the plane, we headed over to Planet Hollywood.  After wandering around for awhile, unable to find BurGR, we asked someone...naturally, at that point we were practically on top of it. Duh.. . After a short wait, we were seated. Our stripper I mean waitress came by and explained the menu to us. It's somewhat limited....burgers (duh #2), including chicken, pork, and portobello burgers, a couple salads, a couple hot dog choices, a fish sandwich...plus some apps, shakes, and fries. We wound up going with the Hell's Kitchen Burger and banana shake for her, and the Uber Cheese Burger (FYI, "uber cheese" = 3 different kinds) and chocolate shake for me. We ordered regular fries to share, which came with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup.. . The shakes arrived first...ok, there is pudding on top of them. How can that be bad? A shake and pudding combined takes care of all kinds of girl needs. We were in love.. . We also really enjoyed our burgers...the meat was of excellent quality and very flavorful.  Even the bun was good. The fries, however, left something to be desired....they were not terrible, but the burgers and shakes were so fab, we felt let down. The 2 ketchups were tasty, but the fries seemed like maybe they were sitting around for awhile? Which I find hard to believe, since they must serve fries all day long. So I guess if there IS one thing Gordon Ramsay can't do...it's fries. But we got over it. . . We would surely go to BurGR again (duh #3)....I'd love to try some of the other burgers and shakes....however, we'd pass on the fries....the next table had an appetizer of onion rings, maybe we'd get those instead. . . A very solid 4 stars.
Came here for a birthday. Waited about an hour which is fine because you are in a casino shopping mall.... Hello?! Perfect location. They notify via text when your table is ready- AWESOME. . You get to the table and have your basic menu and then are handed an iPad to review the drink menu. It worked bc I got one of the mojitos off the darn thing. I can't remember which bc I had a few to be frank. . I ordered the euro burger- goat cheese, arugula, roasted tomato and truffle oil. Seriously- AH-MAZING. I got the sweet potato fries which were crispy, stellar and delicious however I would pass on ordering with a burger next time as they are REALLY more of a dessert fry... Is that an oxymoron? Maybe, but it's true! They were sprinkled with powdered sugar..... Would have gone great with our sticky toffee pops. . Which brings me to my next point. With all the hype on these pops I fully expected them to blow me away and they just didn't. They had been in a really cold fridge or freezer and tasted good but just not super. . Would I come back? Heck yes! Go shopping and have them call me when my table is ready! One mojito please!
I'm inspired to cook in part due to Gordon but the burger was good but not Gordon good...the truffle fries were 4 stars....poppers concept works but one has seeds with a bite which made the burger almost non desirable.  I would try it again when I'm there.
Definitely not cheap.  But Vegas.. . Got the "Hell's Kitchen" burger and it was VERY good.  The wife liked her burger too but she's very plain.. . All in all, I'd recommend it...if you've got the money.  Cuz Vegas.
A must go eatery if you are fan of Hell Kitchen.  Their burger is delicious and oh the Truffle Fries is a must try!!! . . The Hell's burger is great for those into the spicy delicatessen! nom nom nom... I will go back there if I go to vegas again!
GREAT burgers! Good service. And it doesn't break the bank! A solid 4 stars all around. . . I'm usually skeptical of gourmet burger joints just bc there are sooooo many out there now. A burger is a burger right? Well no not really. And BurGR proves that you can still make a piece of meat between two pieces of bread pretty unique. . . Hubby and I tried the place out on a Thursday night about 6pm. We stayed at planet hollywood and every time we go by BurGR There always seems to be a line. But we were told 25 min and it really took us maybe 15 min in line. You can get in faster if you opt for one of the high top tables which are teeny but it'll do. Good view of the TV to catch some of the games.  I got the chanterelle burger which doesn't come with cheese but you can add on. I opted for Fontina cheese which worked great with the arugula, mushrooms and fig jam. My hubby got the farm burger with the fried egg and duck bacon. Wow. I mean. There are no words for that burger. Except maybe crazy delicious. What I like about the burgers are that they're not huge and unmanageable to eat. They fit nicely in the hands and are the perfect portion at least for us. . . The truffle Parmesan fries. Very good. Not too truffle-y. We also had the jalepeno poppers which were delicious!! The floor mgr came to check on us and gave us a funny tidbit, that in each batch of poppers there's one where they leave the seeds. apparently  my hubby got that one bc he bit into it and felt like his face was on fire. But the poppers. I highly recommend them. They have bacon inside them, hello!!. . To finish off our dinner we got the sticky toffee push pops which were delicious and just the right touch of sweetness to end your meal. Good beer on tap too. A nice solid place to grab a tasty meal and not go broke!! Good service too.
It's in the Planet Hollywood casino, right beneath Koi. You can't miss it with the waves of flames showcasing the restaurant. There was a pretty long line, I'm not sure why, because we walked up to the front, put our names down with the host and got a text when our table was available. We never asked why they were in line...I guess we'll never know :P. . So our group of six sat down after about 30 minutes, not too bad. We ended up sharing the jalapeno poppers, not too spicy, even a wimp like me could handle these. The catch was that one of the six had all the jalapeno seeds stuffed in it. Thankfully I avoided this tragic fate, because I probably would have been in the bathroom for the rest of the night, dropping off fireballs. I'm terrible with spicy haha.. . We also got the truffle fries (YES, AMAZING), onion rings (crunchy, but still flavorful, not the over-fried dry onions that you can sometimes run into), and regular fries (meh, OK). I got the Britannia burger, which I highly recommend. Sharp cheddar with mango chutney. MANGO? In a burger? YES and it works so well! Not too sweet, but just enough flavor to make you go, ohhh, yesssss. I was definitely surprised, in a good way :D. . Overall, food was delicious, service was excellent, pricing was reasonable, especially for a Vegas meal.
Hands down the very best Burger Spot I have ever been to in my life!!!!! When you talk about the food that is... . The Service not so much.  The service times here was to me was on the slow side.  With my table they ran what I'm sure was a 20+ ticket time, which dropped them a whole other star.  The service times are  something that with all the focus on service and quality Gordon harps on, was lacking.  But beyond that the food was amazing when it finally did come out.  The queue system in order to be seated was also a first that I have seen and really added to the cool and chic feel that this place was going for.  Definitely will come back,  however I will be expecting to be here for about 45-60 mins once we stand in line until we get the food.  An expectation that I hope they did not meet the next time.
There was a long line next to the fire wall to get in, if you gonna go, make sure to bring someone that has a Diamond total Rewards card :). (probably cut the wait time in 1/2 maybe more) Burgers were pretty good. I had the Britannia burger. Definitely suggest the  Parmesan fries. For desert someone suggested the Sticky Toffee Pudding, which was pretty good as well, I had some of my son's Oreo shake and that was very good. I've tried steak at Gordon Ramsey Steak at Paris so next one is Pub & Grill.
Gordon Ramsay is one of my fave chefs to watch on TV. He's sort of the Simon Cowell of the foodie world and I love that!. . I was extremely excited to dine here with the bf and our bodybuilder friend Seth (Elf boy). We actually patiently waited in line for about 20-25 minutes. Not so bad of a wait for a popular restaurant on a night where people were ready to grub before hittin' up da clubs. . . I loved how casual the environment was but it still had it's little upscale feel to it with the service. I thought it was pretty cool when the waitress brought out this iPad drink menu where you can scroll through all the drinks they offered. Seth and I both had a glass of the Pumpkin beer which was bombtastic! . . I honestly don't remember which burger I ordered but I do remember thoroughly enjoying it. The meat was cooked perfectly medium for my taste. . . We also ordered 2 orders of sweet potato fries, 1 regular fries and onion rings for the table. I liked how the sweet potato fries came out with this delicious honey dipping sauce and there was powdered sugar all over them. You definitely don't need to order any dessert if you get these fries.. . I definitely would come back here with a huge empty stomach so I can try out some other tasty items on their menu! Maybe for lunch that way there's no wait. :)
Of course you have to make a point to try Gordon Ramsay's burger joint when you are in Vegas. My standards were set very high when I dined at this place since it was Gordon Ramsay's restaurant. My burger was good and prepared well, I wish fries were included or small salads as the burgers are pricey. I really enjoyed the soba noddle salad. Overall the burgers were good but I felt it could have been better... maybe my expectations of this place were through the roof. Overall it's was a good dining experience would wouldn't hesitate to try it again.
I was able to grub at this eatery over the weekend.  there was a line outside and took us thirty mins to be seated. we would have been seated sooner but were missing two friends from our party. the hostesses makes you wait until the entire party is there to seat you, just an FYI.. . we started off with the jalepeno poppers and beer battered onion rings.  the poppers were just ok.  really didn't think much of it.  however, the onion rings were my favorite item.  it's battered with newcastle beer and perfectly crisp.  Absolute perfection! I ordered the hell burger and asked for it to be cooked medium.  To be honest, I've had better.  My burger was a bit dry and really didn't live up to my expectations.  However, my friends who ordered the the duck burger and the bf went with the pulled pork burger all seemed to enjoy it, so much that they ate ever morsel!! If I do return, I would probably try another burger.  . . For dessert the bf and I shared the #5 shake!  Omg!! This was sooooo delicious.  If I didn't fill up on all the other grub during our seating, no doubt, I would've demolished it!  . . All in all, service was great!  Everyone was attentive and on top of things and I'm willing to give this place another shot and like I said before probably will order another burger off the menu since they had others that caught my eye.
We tried BurGR after eating at GR steak the night before.  Let me get the only complaint I have out of the way.  . The staff at the hostess counter was not friendly at all, the main hostess a short Hispanic girl seemed annoyed at everyone.  No smile, or hi completely ignored everyone. Which is what kept me from giving the 5 stars. . . About 5 minutes of silence the seating hostess finally acknowledges, greets us and takes us to our table.  It was all smooth sailing from here on out.  Our waitress was very nice and kept our glasses full.  Which was great because we started with the jalapeno poppers and with my luck the 1st one I found was the "special" one.  . . My husband ordered the HK burger medium and I had the brittania burger medium well.  Both were delicious but a word of advice if you don't like too spicy then order the HK without jalapenos or else be careful, these were hot!  My brittania was delish!  I just wish I would have ordered mine medium.  . . For dessert we had the sticky toffee pops which were so good, I prefer them warm like at steak but they were goooood none the less.
amazing food
The food was good, not over the top. The hostess stand lacked a lot of personality. There were 5 and not one greeted us or ever smiled. The outfits were terrible all the way around! The waitresses were great. At the end of the day it was just a burger. I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and my husband had the Farmhouse Burger. We also had the Truffle Fries.
Delicious food.. Great duck bacon.. G Burger in La Habra is better.
I don't know if this was one of those times when we were so hungry that we could eat a piece of cardboard and think it was the best thing on earth, but the Hell's Kitchen burger on that particular day was delicious.  It was cooked a bit more done than I like, but still came out tasty with just the right amount of perfectly paired toppings.  Something about that roasted tomato made this burger even better.  Loved it. Everyone at my table did, in fact.  My friend ordered her's as a chicken burger (they don't have turkey burgers) and she said she loved her's as well.  Score!. . We arrived at around noon on a Tuesday, and we just had to wait a few minutes for the tables to be cleared.  We did have to split our large party but who cares when you just want to eat.  By the time we left, there was a pretty decent line forming.  I could imagine this place being a zoo during the weekends.  . . Overall, our service was good.  Prices are a bit high, considering the sides are extra, but hey, it's Vegas.  If you have a Total Rewards card, you get a buck off each item ordered.  That's for the entire table. Nice perk.
Quick review.. I loved the one other member of our party of 4 loved it, the other two thought it was okay... At like 11pm on a Thursday we went for dinner once we checked in. Was told 30-45 minutes, gave our number so they could text us, 5 minutes later while watching the Bellagio fountains across the street, the text came. . . Service meh, waitress had friends sit at the table next to us about half way through and it was like we didn't exist. . . The Poppers were EXCELLENT we all agreed on that, the Maui Onion Rings, good (but I'm not a huge parmesan fan) so I didn't expect to love them since I knew they had them. . . I had the Farm burger medium rare and perfect! Was one of the best I've ever had. Duck Bacon, sharp cheddar & an egg... SO GOOD... . . Wife had the Euro burger seemed to really enjoy it. . . Friends spit a burger (not sure which) but they asked for medium well (and it was split) so you could see the temp and it was medium rare-rare so it had to be sent back. But by this time out waitress had stopped paying attention to us, so making this happen was a task. . . Food was very good, I'll chalk up the poor service to our waitress. Good ambiance, would try again. . . We also got some of the pudding shakes to go a few days later as we passed through (too full to try the first trip in) those were excellent. Something you don't really get anywhere else, but worth it as a togo item to try if you don't have the time to stop in and want something sweet and tasty.
Could've been a 5 star rating but the 20 min wait in line plus 30-40 min wait for the food knocks it down one star. Sorry Gordon.. . Went here on a Sunday night for dinner with friends. We all got greedy and ordered ONE burger and all of their fries. Yeah. Greedy. Haha. . . Ordered:  . Euro Burger: truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula and oven roasted tomato. Huge portion! I like my meat pink. Yeah judge me. But it's so juicy and the taste of the goat cheese, truffle and arugula just blends into some kind of goodness. . . Fury Chicken Wings: Ok this is not for kids! It has a kick to it...a spicy-ness kick.. . Sweet Potato Fries: Vanilla powerdered sugar and honey jalapeno mayo. Ok, powdered sugar on SWEET potato fries? Ok too much sweetness going on here.. . Truffle Parmesan Fries: Hand cut fries, truffle parmesan, truffle salt and truffle aioli. OMG. Just truffles left and right. . . Just fries: the safest type of fries you can get.. . The restaurant is fairly small. OR I thought so. Again, expect for a long wait on your food and long wait in line...unless you're the God/Goddess of Total Rewards points and they will just let you bypass the line.
I went for an early dinner because I noticed that there was typically a long line at peak dining hours, and that definitely made all the difference.  The chanterelle burger was phenomenal, especially with the flavors of the arugula complemented by the figgy onion jam.  The sweet potato fries were a bit sweet given that they were served with vanilla powdered sugar, as well as a jalapeno honey dipping sauce.  If the sauce were spicier it would have been pretty near perfect.  The service at the bar was wonderful, though the price of beer and wine was a bit higher than it should have been.  Nevertheless, I would happily return to BurGR the next time I am in Vegas; it's worth it.
Surprisinig how good a Burger can taste. If you have a Total rewards card you save a couple of bucks (so get one - it is free) - if you have any status with the casino you can skip the (most of the time long) line.The food is really awesome. Love it!
If you have a group, walk straight to the host and ask to put your name down. She will text you when your table is ready.  Use that time to go shopping or gambling. . . I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, truffle fries, and Jalepeno poppers. . . The burger was delicious with a nice Jalepeno kick. . . I was kind of disappointed with the texture of the fries but the flavor was good. I prefer my fries a little more crispier on the outside. . . The jalepeno poppers were interesting, but I think I like the presentation more than the taste.  I'm not sure how warm this dish is supposed to be, but some of the jalapenos were almost cold inside.
Let me preface this review- I love burgers. LOVE them. I would marry one if I could marry a food product. I've probably eaten hundreds of burgers over my lifetime and am on the perpetual quest for the BEST burger. With that said... . . I was expecting so much more from Mr. Ramsay (especially after waiting for an hour- thank goodness for YOLO! down the way in PH). I normally don't have expectations (this way you're never disappointed!)... but after seeing him on TV... I expected this to be an AMAZING burger. It was good... but not GREAT. The hubby and I split the Farm burger and fries. Fries were yummy... loved the sauce... but all in all... wasn't my favorite burger of all time. . . Overall- Gave it an 8.
This place is delicious. The truffle parm fries were to die for. They do charge separately for the fries, but it is a huge serving and can be split by up to four people. My husband and I couldn't come close to finishing them. He got the fish and crisp sandwich,  which was delicious but hard to eat. I got the euro burger, which was to die for. You will be full when you leave. You will also be paying about $50 for two people. . . I didn't try the shakes,  but that's what they're specialty is. . . There was a line out to the casino, but overall it didn't take too long to get seated. I did see empty seats scattered around that had dirty tables. It seemed like the cleaning was holding everything up. Sad, since there wouldn't be too much of a wait if tables were cleaned right away. . . Also, they have an interactive iPad with all of their drink choices and descriptions. This can be a positive and a negative. The waitress has to spend a lot of time explaining the program and showing you how to use it. She has to spend a lot of time at a new table for the iPad, which makes service suffer at other tabkes. However, the drink descriptions are nice and the program is cool to explore. However, it's basically a fancy menu that takes up time and energy and this is my only real complaint.
I walked in guessing this would be a terrific burger, and I wasn't disappointed. Paul, my server, was quick, knowledgable, and kind. He suggested an awesome cocktail (skinny screw) that I had to restrain myself from drinking immediately. Ordered the Blue Burger with arugula- fabulous! It was simple, but every ingredient was fresh and delicious. Perfect amount of blue cheese and I love the buns they use. Great value for the $$.
Amazing. It was some of the best food we had in Vegas. And the service was fantastic. I had been kind of disappointed with that while here but Ramsay's burgers definitely fits what you think when you discuss Vegas food and service. The combinations on the burgers are unique and delicious! Definitely give the japaleno poppers a chance!
I enjoyed this place and the food execution and service is excellent.  The burgers look small, but the meat is so rich that you're easily filled by half of the burger.  So, be careful ordering and sharing is an option.  If you come with 4 people, consider splitting up the burgers and share.  I liked the jalapeno poppers the best and came in a shot glass.  Ordered ice tea and got refills without even asking, great service.
We were staying at PH and were able to get there right after they opened. So we were seated within a couple of minutes. The server was good. But the rest of the staff seemed a little confused on the teamwork -- they brought our appetizer twice (we were honest and sent the 2nd one away) and one person brought another soda to our table right after our server had already just refilled our drinks. Why is that a complaint? Well, they refill your same glass. So when this other random soda showed up, the straw looked used. Wrong table, we were sure. Kinda gross.. . On to the food.. Sure it's a good burger. And the onion rings are really good, made with sweet Maui onions instead of the traditional yellow. But let's face it, you are paying for the brand name here.  Yes I would eat here again if I were with someone who wanted the experience, just as I did. But I wouldn't make it a point myself to go out of my way to come back because I know where to get great burgers at home. The sticky toffee pudding push pops were great though. I do recommend those.
This was great!  My boyfriend I ate here for lunch. We waited about 10 minutes. Not bad. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. She was sure to show us the size of the fries before ordering (1 order is PLENTY for two people). I love when they are helpful so that too much food isn't ordered unnecessarily. . . Food-  I had the Euro burger. Delish!  I had it medium cooked and it had goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, aioli, arugula on a sesame seed bun. My only issue was the bun. I found it a little dry but the burger was so good it made up for that. My boyfriend got a burger with just cheese and duck bacon. He liked it and said the duck bacon tasted like normal bacon. We ordered the Parmesan truffle fries. Our waitress brought out the wrong fries, the regular ones. Once I brought it to her attention she was super nice told us to snack on the wrong fries until ours comes out. Fries - I wanted to like these. I'm not a fan of steak cut fries and was also surprised they weren't crispy. The aioli dipping sauce on the side was awesome but I would overall say fries were "ok". . . Good burger place for Vegas. Decent prices. Maybe next time I'll try a different side.
We came for dinner after a long event at MGM. The seating hostess was friendly and the wait was only 10 or 15 min. . . The decor was bright and clean, although it was a little weird that half the restaurant was exposed to the casino floor. But this seems to be the popular design of new restaurants on the Strip today. . . Our waitress was very friendly, energetic, and helpful. Prices were very reasonable and the food was done very well. We enjoyed the Kale Caesar Salad, the Hog Burger, the Farm Burger, truffle fries, and shake #4. The portions were very generous that we ended up taking a lot of leftovers to go. Definitely up to par with Gordon Ramsay standards.
Went here for a late dinner last weekend and was curious how it was going to be.  Ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger with Parmesan Truffle Fries.  The burger was very flavorful and could stand-up on it's own.  My burger also had Asadero cheese, roasted tomatoes and roasted jalapeno's.  I thought it could have been a bit spicier.  The fries were hand cut and really good.  The Truffle aioli dip and housemade ketchup were a nice touch.  Also enjoyed the Sticky Toffee Pudding pops with peanut ice cream.  Brought back very fond memories of eating ice cream pops, just that these were a lot fancier.  I want to come back to try some of the other items on the menu.  . . Service was very good.
The food and service at the bar was amazing. The only thing that can potentially turn an interested customer away, is the DUMB, ditzy hostesses in the beginning.They're all young, highly insecure and know nothing about working in a restaurant. My friend and I were in a long line to get in and this hostess came around 5 different times asking us how many was in our party. She had nothing in hand to keep an orangized record of anything. Meanwhile, the line never even moved! She annoyed and frustrated the many others in line for the same reasons. . . On a previous occasion when I decided not to eat there because of a severely long wait, a different hostess never answered a question of mine. Instead, she looked away and started socializing with her fellow ditzy co-worker. That and the long, long wait, really turned me off. . . So, if you're planning to try this restaurant, please do, I recommend it for the great food. But here are my tips to success on getting to the great food: . 1) Try to figure out a time of the day when they're the least busiest so you can avoid a long wait. . 2) Don't ask the hostesses anything, it's pointless, they're pointless.  . 3) If you happen to be stuck in a long line anyway, (if you're a small party and don't have minors with you), just go sit at the bar. The service there is fast and the bartenders treat you like VIP. . . Enjoy!
Hog burger and the chicken sliders yum!!! American for the kids, I didn't try it but kids loved it. Fries were ok. Would come back and bring friends. :)
In the wise words of Gordon Ramsay, "This was bloody fantastic." Also, "*BLEEP* BLEEP* *BLEEP* %$%#%#!!!!". . I didn't expect much going in, as every time I walked past BurGR it was always filled with tourists that looked miserable and tired. Tourist trap to the max, but like a moth to a flame, I was attracted to it and knew that after 3 times in Vegas without going in, this was it. . . If you're a Total Rewards Member (at a higher tier), all menu items are a dollar off and you can cut everyone in line. Too bad all my points are at MGM.The wait wasn't too terrible and I was plenty entertained by the people behind me talking about Master Chef Junior and the differences between the UK and US Gordon Ramsay shows. . . My friend and I weren't in the mood for fries (wahh...next time) so we split a cold chicken soba salad and HOT DIGGITY DAMN. Yes. Drop whatever the hell you're eating and split this. It was so good I didn't even want my burger anymore. I just wanted more salad. . . She ordered the Farm Burger ("orgasm in my mouth") and I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger medium rare. DELICIOUS. While not the best burger I've ever tasted, it is definitely top 5. Everything went well together and I happily scarfed down $15 while trying not to look like I was vacuuming it into my mouth.. . The service was fantastic and our server was personable and friendly (not to mention super young). I will be back!!
Overall it was very good. The waiter was well-informed about the menu, but, there are too many waiters. My daughter spilt her drink on the table and I sopped  it up with her cloth napkin can. We asked for another cloth napkin. That waiter forgot to bring it to me. Then I asked our main waiter to bring napkins and he brought us paper napkins. The worst was my pork burger was almost raw and the waiter reminded me of a used car salesman trying to explain to me that it was medium well. I'm 53. I know the difference between raw and medium well. He didn't offer to get me another one. On the other hand, we ate at Chef Ramsay's steak last year spending over $400. We had a great dessert named  sticky rice. They had a sticky rice Push pop here. But it pales in comparison they should just sell the sticky rice dessert here as well. we also got sweet potato fries with their  jalapeno sauce with it -- it was very flavorful and we ask for an extra one plus some extra goat cheese for daughters burger. By the time we got them both, we were almost done with our lunch. Otherwise, overall it was enjoyable experience we liked the gas grill flames in the window the hostess outfits were Nice. I'd recommend The restaurant but too many chefs spoil the broth in this case too many different waiters/servers/busboys or whatever they're call that kept coming to our tables were clueless to our original order and several requests. I felt like it was our government where nobody was accountable to us. Despite all these problems, I still recommend it but Id make sure you made your waiter accountable
This place has solid food & great service. I was a little gunshy at first given my last upscale LV burger experience was a disappointment (Holstein's @ Cosmo). But BurGR lived up to the hype.. . Had a chance to try 2 meals = 3 burgers & both kinds of fries & the O-rings. Of the three burgers, the Brittania was my fav. The Euro was a close second. The Hog burger was a distant third and worth passing on.. . The sweet potato fries were my favorite of the sides. Hot and slightly crisp, with just enough sweetness. Best I've ever had. Ginormous portion size. The O-rings were very also good - light & crispy with a nice dipping sauce. The truffle fries were nice. Make sure you get samples of all three fry sauces.. . Overall, a good but pricey meal - to be expected from a mid-strip Vegas casino. If $20-25 per person is too much $$ for you to dpend on a burger, Fatburger and McD's is next door. Gordon did ok here...
Oh Chef Ramsay, must you be so awesome?.... . I kid of course...well, in a sense I do.  To be honest, I am the last person you would find buying into the hype of a celebrity chef.  An on screen persona is not enough to judge  one's culinary prowess or personality in the kitchen, since of course everything is likely played up for show.  And on top of that, going to a restaurant that tauts the name of a chef without having them present to prepare the food also lessens any impact their name would have.  I imagine Chef Ramsay was involved in the restaurant to an extent, however, and to be fair to all parties BurGR did nothing to discredit any claims of greatness on his part.. . To set the stage for our trip here, you should keep in mind that we drove in from Southern California the day after Thanksgiving, and due to the festivities of the prior day had not eaten all day.  By the time we had checked in, found the place, and got in line it was already past 10 PM, a full 24 hours since the last time we had eaten.  I will try not to let my delusional state from that ordeal affect my overall impression, but I feel it's necessary to add it as a footnote (a footnote smack dab in the middle of the review, mind you).. . Anyway, on to the experience itself.  The wait wasn't as bad as I had feared, but it was still a decent wait (I think when all was said and done it came out to around 30 minutes).  The hostesses were friendly and regularly checked up on the line to give updates, which I felt was a nice touch.  My fiancee and I had already gotten a chance to review the menu by the time we were seated, in an effort to expedite the process as much as possible.. . Our waiter was...I struggle for a word...fantastic?  That sounds a bit excessive, but he was very good.  He was welcoming and attentive, refilling glasses without needing to be asked, and was more than willing to provide answers to any of our questions.. . But I'm sure you want to know about the food.  We ordered the onion rings, Parmesan truffle fries, and then the 'chili' dog and farm burger.  The onion rings surprised me a great deal.  It's hard to pinpoint exactly why, but they were definitely some of the best I have ever had.  The fries, on the other had, had a good flavor but also had a weird consistency to them, almost soft and thick (but not like normal steak fries). The chili dog is almost false advertising (despite the menu listing all of the ingredients) as it didn't really have anything resembling chili on it...really more of a chili inspired dog.  My fiancee didn't enjoy it as much as I did, but then I am a fan of red peppers.. . The farm burger (might as well highlight the food item that gives the restaurant its name) was probably one of the most decadent burgers I have ever had.  Burger with duck and a fried egg on it...I can feel my circulatory system clogging up just thinking about it.  It was a good burger for sure, but I hesitate to say it's the 'best burger ever' or some ridiculous claim like that.  It did not disappoint, however.. . Price wise...what can I say?  It's a celebrity chef's restaurant in Vegas, of course it's going to be a little pricey.  But I didn't feel like we were getting ripped off, just that we were splurging a bit.. . I recommend, though I do not feel it warrants repeat visits.
Came here upon a friend's recommendation, but I had my doubts. I thought BurGR would be yet another overhyped celebrity chefstaurant (e.g., Gordan Ramsay at the London Weho), starting with the douchey servers in those awful uniforms. . . But BurGR proved me wrong with an absolutely perfect blue cheese burger--super minimal with just a medium rare patty, blue cheese and arugula--and a really awesome shake. I have no idea whose idea it was to top a crazy-rich milkshake with a complementary, equally indulgent pudding, but it's genius. . . I don't know if I'd wait for hours to eat here, but if you can snag a table without too much effort, definitely give it a try.
I would have given BurGR 5 stars, but I had to give them 4 because our reservation got "lost" when the host put it down in the tablet. We were told it would be an hour wait, which was fine, but after almost 1.5 hrs, we went to the restaurant and she had no record of party. BUT, thankfully the food was so good, it erased that from our minds. The truffle fries are awesome, but the burgers are bliss - truly the best burger I've had flavor and juicy wise. The flavor of the meat was incredible. The toasted bun was great as well. I was so full I didn't get to have the sticky toffee pudding push up pop that I wanted, but shucks, I'll just have to plan to return to Vegas some day soon so I can have one! Keep up the good work at BurGR!
Decent prices, drinks were good, burgers were great.  Only complaint would be the thinness of the sweet potato fries. The regular fries are thick like steak fries, so these are crunchy and kinda tasted overcooked. Service was freat and quick, male waiter Jamie was fantastic!
Ordered the Sweet Potato Fries and the new addition to the menu Hog BurGR.  Both were great choices and although I try to watch my portions, I definitely went way over my limit and finished the whole meal!  I will definitely revisit and refer to everyone.
The burgers were great,  I had the Euro and my bestie had the Earth burger. Both were flavorful and just big enough to fill us. We got the Just fries since she is vegan and can't eat cheese. They were okay, just as the name they were just fries, no seasoning and were a littlehard, not crunchy but hard. It comes with a chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup, I didn't care for either but she loved them both. . . The fries, price, and service were the reasons why it doesn't get 5 stars. Our server took a few minutes to come to the table and different people brought our drinks, food, and the regular ketchup I asked for. They were busy, but as always, if you can't handle a bigger station then maybe they should staff more servers. The 2 burgers, 1 just fries, and 1 ice tea came to almost $50.  At least I had a diamond tier card and didn't have to wait in line.
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR:) just go for the burgers, cocktails an OMG the oreo s.h.a.k.e. Those 3 elements, and the efficient an sooo friendly hosts an chefs ,were for my experience amazing. I did not want to leave. Could have stayed all night. I sat right at the grill pass, right infront of the chefs, an as a past chef myself, it was exciting to see with under all the fast pace an pressure how entertaining the staff were behind the line:) yes the truffle fries were a bit salty, an the onion rings , an i wasn't very impressed with the jalapeno poppers( yes one of them is dam hot:) i did kindly tell the chef:) but nicely of course:) but the experience was amazing, no complaints here, i actually went twice in 1 week. Its a must for the experience an everytime i go to vegas i will go. Some food was on the pass a bit too long for my likely if u know the restaurant biz, but apart from a tad to much salt an yes all servers but mine should have move there CHEEKS :) a bit faster to get the food out, all was good. Brandon was my server , an he flew:) he was fast , full of energy and very accomodating,, he made small talk fast:) he is awesome , quick at his duties, and has time to talk to his guests. he made my experience top ofthe world, needs a promotion. I do think as a professional myself that all lady servers should have there hair tired up, an some :) could of looked more professional. The manager did check on me , we had a convo, nice. time of visit about 2pm stayed till after 5pm , well after, i even did some upsell for the mother an daughter sitting next to me. Oreo shake is a screaming O which i can't really stay ,,, :) Not all servers wore name tags ?? not good ladies :) the venue is fashionable , music danceable, an up2date,crowd ranges from 2 yrs to over 60 sooo every1:) the front of house staff need to be more professional looking,, Jason was the manager:) only advice to hime is to check name badges an if the lady servers have there hair tied up:) he was on alert too ,, he had the venue under control. if u go vegas an love burgers gooooooooooooooooo, try an see,,, remember, cocktails, OREO shake an any big fat Gordon Ramsey Burgr, if u don't like theres something wrong with u:) an u dont no about  food ,, i go vegas every yr, but this is the first time Gordon's Burgr venue has been available , open ready,, so its now a tradition to go every time, to tell all i know to go, an i cant wait to get back,, cheers gordon:) Maybe u should cook the burgr next time :) xxxxxxxx
mama and split the american burger and sweet potato fries. both very delicious and cooked well. the restaurant is very chic and modern. scantilly clad waiteresses run around taking your order. lots of families in here during the day. menu prices aren't too bad. check comes with an iPad. good times with excellent service and good food.
A good/great burger!  . . But expect to wait in 30min-1hr lines or longer if you have a big party.  Service is over the top!  Fries are good but not outstanding.  Jalapeno poppers were probably my favorite part of the meal.. . I didn't really think it was a better burger than I get in my favorite burger joint back home.  And this was twice the cost.  . . On the other hand, its pretty cool to eat at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant if you are a fan.
From what I remember the burger was ok.  Truffle fries dipped in the truffle sauce was addicting and good.  Push up desserts looked plain but tasted amazing.  Sat by the flames and you could feel the heat.  Service was on point.
Prepare to get tantalized by Gordon Ramsay's BurGR! Featuring the all-American favorite sandwich with his own creative twist. With that said, be ready to wait for a table if you're with a big party otherwise, for groups of two or three people, you can wait in line outside the restaurant to get seated at the bar. The advantage of being located in Planet Hollywood is the fact that you can walk around the Miracle Mile Shops to kill time. As soon as your table is ready, you'll get a text from the restaurant. Convenient, don't you say?. . As far as the food goes, here's what I tried:. . The TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES were good. I wish the fries were thinner and crispier. It's just my preference. But flavor wise, especially with the truffle aioli dip, it's fantastic! An order can be shared by 2-3 people. $11 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#fu1M2DR5IoCGVupQGjmG3A. . I'm such a fan of SWEET POTATO FRIES and Chef Ramsay did not disappoint. The honey jalapeno dipping sauce he paired with this was absolutely beautiful! The fries themselves were cooked perfectly, thin with a nice crisp... just how I like my fries! Again, plan to share, or not! $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#DBVUeVe3EfoRTIdWiKx6nw. . The burger choices on the menu are not that many so I wanted to try them all if I could. I'm glad I have a family to eat out with because we can each get different things and share to get a taste of several items the restaurant has to offer. Take note that their burgers are grilled over apple and alder wood which is responsible for the smoked flavor aroma you'll sense in the air. . . Per our server's recommendation, I went with THE HOG BURGER. Instead of beef, the patty used here is Mangalitsa pork which is an "old-world heritage breed renowned for its rich, butter fat and flavorful meat." Topped with sharp cheddar, apple butter, and arugula, this burger is probably the healthiest among all the burgers on the menu next to the Earth Burger (no meat). The meat itself is overflowing with awesome flavors but the entire taste of the burger sandwich was a bit on the salty side for me. $18 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#jRL6Zjpomomxh9CsQXXMAg. . I also had a quarter of my husband's FARM BURGER and this my fellow Yelpers,  is my favorite here! The beef patty was cooked to perfection and who doesn't like fried egg on their burger?! More importantly, topped off with duck breast bacon? All I can say is...WOWZA! $15 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#UKPej0Qj1CDjKSo7DSn1qw. . If you like anything spicy then the famed HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER will be sure to satiate your palate. The roasted jalapeno poppers add a nice kick while the creaminess of the avocado gives off a silky sensation in your mouth. Oh and let's not forget the fried egg. It's probably safe to say I really enjoyed this. $14 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#s3YRX-KZ3dTR7nits2ZuQg. . Lastly, my daughter ordered the EURO BURGER. I like goat cheese and almost anything with truffle, hence my adoration for this creation. Topped off with arugula and oven roasted tomato, this burger is a winner in my book. I highly recommend if you're a goat cheese fan. $16 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?selected=pxle_4AJBnqWpLLNXwyHvA#tu4w5YVMRHOp_qz91zGkAg. . A burger meal is never complete without a milkshake. Our sugar fix was SHAKE #3. It's banana shake layered with butterscotch pudding on the top, then a snicker doodle cookie for that added crunch. Verdict? Deeeeeelightful! You'll literally go bananas over this one. $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#oeLyAQ8Jv2nNgVj90nJ5IA. . SERVICE started off not-so-great but throughout our meal here, our server proved me wrong and showed our table genuine service. She patiently answered all our menu questions, took our chaotic order quite well, and made sure all our glasses were filled all throughout our stay here. And we did stay for quite a while. . . If you're in town and tired of the buffets, this place is worth a shot!
I wish I could do half star rating, because I would have went with three and a half stars.. I got a burger, fries and a beer and it was about 30 dollars. The food and service were good but not for the price.
Pretty darn good. . . Farm burger and Hell's Kitchen were way legit!! . . Truffle fries are bomb.. . . Ambiance is cool. Staff is pretty well mannered. . . Super long wait time.. We got lucky with a 20 min wait. But as we left the line was very long. . . Had an issue with credit from the room being comp'd $50 but everything else was fine
Yum!! This was a good burger! I had the Euro with goat cheese and hubby had the fish and chips. The fish was like a strip. It was small but good. We split the onion rings and that was more than enough. . We decided to sit at the bar to avoid the 20 min wait. All of the staff was very personable and helpful. I would return.
This place is the bomb diggity! My husband and I have been here a few times now since it opened. It's located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino and has a casual, hip vibe to it.. . I'm not a huge fan of hamburger meat, but they offer chicken burgers as well. I ordered mine with blue cheese, slaw, and spicy mayo. My husband ordered his hamburger basically the same way, minus the slaw. They were both excellent. The fries are large enough for two people and there are a few options as far as flavors go. We chose the parmesan truffle fries this time, which were devoured in a hurry. The other options are original or sweet potato, and all are served with two types of homemade ketchup.. . Be sure to save room for dessert here!!! This place has the most unique milkshakes ever! There are several different flavor combos of ice cream shakes topped with (wait for it)... pudding!!! My fave is the coffee shake topped with chocolate pudding, while my husband enjoys cookies n' cream with creme brulee pudding. The pudding melts into the ice cream and creates the most unusual, yummy creation known to mankind. We go to Vegas often, and ALWAYS make a stop for one of these shakes. Try it once and you'll be addicted too!
I love Gordon Ramsey on TV and never had any of his food. Since he has like 5 places in Vegas, we decided to check out one of less expensive ones. . I ordered the meatless mushroom burger, my mom had a classic cheeseburger. . They don't serve their burgers with ketchup and let me tell you, the cheeseburger does not need any condiments. The burger was cooked perfectly, the lettuce was crisp, the tomato wasn't soggy, the bun was grilled and buttered nicely. You could taste the quality meat and the fat that they cook with and that flavor was fantastic. . I loved my mushroom burger... I thought there was too much bread though because it doesn't have the same height as a meat burger.. We didn't get any fries or sides and we didn't need any. . I would love to try another burger there, something I wouldn't normally try. . The wait is long... It's vegas... I don't give them a knock for that but the food takes a long time to get. . Great Job Chef Ramsey.
Dear Gordon f*cking Ramsay, Esq.. . Dude, you need to chill.  You have like 275 shows on TV, most of which consist of you screaming your balls off at some poor sap because "the soup was dry".  I only ever watch Master Chef, and that's because you dispense earnest, humanizing advice that gives the impression that somewhere deep inside, you still kind of give a sh*t, which your image desperately needs.  But seriously, Master Chef Junior?  What's next?  Master Chef 'n Da Hood?  Master Chef in Space?. . And no, I'm not brainstorming for you.. . Anyway, the point is, we get it, you're a "brand", but we are so bombarded with your visage that it almost makes it seem like your place as culinary alpha-and-omega is maybe not arbitrary (no one can deny you are an accomplished chef) but seemingly self-appointed.  So, because of this, I went to BurGR (the only one of your Vegas restaurants I can consistently afford) with the firm predisposition to hate it.. . And based on the decor alone, at the beginning I totally did.  Your face is all over the damn place, your hostesses looked plucked out of a Hooters calendar, and the flames-and-metal decor is over-the-top and uninviting.  But, I have to say, once I sat my ass down and started stuffing my face, my mind changed quickly.  Been three times already, and it wasn't some kind of fluke.  The garden burger with the duck bacon and fried egg is as good a burger as I've ever had.  Definitely top three.  The fries with the fancy ketchup are absolutely delicious and the service was quick, effective and infallibly polite.. . I also have to give you kudos for keeping prices reasonable, at least comparatively speaking for a Vegas strip restaurant.  Fries are not included with the burgers but one order can easily feed two people, which is nice to know in advance.  You have an awesome beer selection and I was pleasantly surprised to see that for $6, I get a tall pilsner glass filled to the top.  The Innis & Gunn is a particularly awesome pairing with any of the burgers.. . Anyway, I still find you kind of odious, but food-wise, BurGR is firing on all cylinders, and ultimately that's what's important.. . The water was a bit raw, though.
Food is amazing!! Best burger and onion rings I ever ate. It's a little on the pricey side but it's worth it. I would go again and reconnect it to others. I had the Gordon Ramsey burger with avacado and roasted jalapenos.
First off you know this spot is going to be OFF THE HOOK! I mean c'mon you have a well known Chef getting down on something so simple as Burger Menu....pfff..! no brainer!. . So I wasn't surprised that this spot was amazing. . - Decor was cool.. - Service was quick and easy they have an IPAD menu which breaks down the description of each item on the menu from drinks to desserts to burgers.. .  We ordered:. 1)The Hell kitchen burger ( asadero cheese + roasted jalapeno peppers + avocado + oven toasted tomato) . This was an awesome burger, the meat was cooked perfect  each bite would melt in your mouth and had a spice from the jalapenos.  . 2) The Euro chicken Burger (goat cheese, arugula and tomato) this was a change of pace from your original chicken burger. As soon as you bit into it your tasting an explosion of flavors on your tongue. This one was super tender as well.. . And to accompany these burgers on flavor roids.....we order the basic fries similar to steak fries. (which by the way 1 order was enough for 2 people.)  . dipping sauce for the fries were a perfect match in my opinion. ( chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup). . All-in-all,  I would most defiantly stop by again when I'm in LV.
First off, DUDE. Its Gordon Ramsay, would could go wrong?. . -Hells Kitchen burger: Medium rare, Crispy, tender, juicy but... avocado kept sliding. Oh! and it was a little spicy which was great!. -Chicken Sliders: Very good! Chicken was super moist and perfectly cooked (Still a little "red"), the breading on it was crispy!. -Oreo milkshake: Oreo Vanilla goodness but with a top layer of custard that help motivate the milkshake to be better.. -Onion rings: Dude, the batter was light and airy. The onions were nice and sweet but not thick so that they had a good batter to onion ratio. Parmesan is always a tasty sub for salt.. . All of the portions were perfect for a normal dinner that could keep you going for 6 hours.. . Service was the best! Our milk shake came out late so the tradition at a well serviced restaurant is to comp... plus it was Vegas so why not?! haha. *A mother and daughter that sat next to us at the bar wanted their almost complete burger to-go, the server dropped it and came back to them and told the story, so they had to wait 10minutes for a new burger to take home which was awesome! Cant remember if they got comp'd too.. . Down side of this burger joint is... when waiting in line. The TV screen that shows the menu... its not touch screen! Other than that, its all good.
Overall good value. Vegas style. But no vegetables. Well except for fries. Still. Would go again.
I heard a lot of good reviews about this place and some of my friends kept on raving about it so we put it on a "must-go" list for me and my friends when we went last weekend. When we got there, they had a "table for 2" only line and for those with 2 or more people, you would have to write down your name and your cell phone # and they send you a text message when your table is ready. In my opinion, that is such a good idea especially in Vegas because you know you want to be hitting those machines and tables or drinking instead of waiting in such a long line.. . We got our table in about an hour and our hostess was really great. She gave us time to look at our menu and also was very attentive to us the whole time we were there. They also used an ipad for their drink menu.. . My fiance and I decided to share and split burgers. We ordered The Hog Burger, the Farm Burger, a side of the Truffle Parmesan Fries and a glass of their Apple Cider Beer.  . . The Hog Burger is VERY heavy, so eat first before you drink. It was good with a good amount of flavor. (Mangalitsa pork, English sharp cheddar, Apple butter and Arugula). . The Farm Burger is really good. I would suggest to get that if you're a first timer. The flavors of all the ingredients are well put together. (Duck break bacon, English sharp cheddar and fried egg). . The order of the Truffle Parmesan Fries are so good but they are pretty heavy too so I would suggest having 3 people share it unless you really have a very big appetite. It has a good amount of truffle and it is VERY addicting. (Hard cut fries, Truffle parmesan, truffle salt and Truffle Aioli). . Overall, my experience was amazing. Maybe if I didn't have too much margarita before going in, the experience might have been double amazing. If you're a burger kind of person and you want excitement for your palate, this is a place to definitely go and visit.
As usual before any trip I take, I bookmark places I want to see and try on Yelp. . . I Yelp, so of course I have a special love for food. As you can imagine, I was laying in bed a week before my trip, searching for the restaurants with the highest ratings and reviews. Gordon Ramsay burGR was one of the first restaurants to pop up in my search, and I'm always looking for new burger joints, so of course it was bookmarked!. . PLANET HOLLYWOOD. After checking into our hotel, the boyfriend and I decided to make our way on over to Planet Hollywood to check out burGR. When we got in front of the restaurant, there was a line of people waiting to be seated. Surprisingly the wait was not very long, because I initially predicated that we'd be waiting for at least 30 minutes. But we waited for about 15-20 minutes, which was not too bad! . . INSIDE burGR. There is a full bar, it's Vegas, of course there's a full bar! There are also TVs lining the walls, so you can watch your favorite sports game while you stuff your face with meaty goodness. The decor was very modern, the seats were very comfortable and you just felt very relaxed inside. It'll even make you forget how much money you lost at the craps table. Okay, so maybe it won't but you never know! . . OH, HELLO MEATY DELICIOUSNESS . A lot of Yelpers mentioned the Farm Burger, so of course we had to order that. In addition, we ordered the Blue Burger (bleu cheese, hence the name blue burger) and their onion rings.. . Out of the two burgers, the Farm Burger was the best. It had duck breast bacon, sharp cheddar cheese and a fried egg. ANY BURGER WITH A FRIED EGG IS GOING TO BE DELICIOUS, and this did not disappoint. The Blue Burger was good (maybe too heavy on the bleu cheese), but not as tasty as the Farm Burger. Oh, and the onion rings WERE SO GOOD! So, don't forget to add that into your order.. . CONCLUSION. The food was good, the atmosphere was very nice and the service was a two thumbs up. I wouldn't come running back to Gordon Ramsay burGR the next time I'm in town, but I'd definitely revisit sometime in the near future after trying other burger restaurants! :) . . BTW, does anyone else notice how many restaurants this man has in Vegas?? Good job, Ramsay!! :)
very good!  on thepricey side for sure
I came here because I love Gordon Ramsay. Master Chef is one of my favorite shows and no he does not yell all the time on that show. Because of his prestige, I knew this place must be amazing.. . Location. -It was kind of hard to find b/c we walked from The Signature @ MGM Grand, and idk why BurGR isn't included on the Planet Hollywood map/directory! Anyways it's located right in the front next to Sephora.. -There is a huge fire thing in the front. You won't miss it.. . Service. -Very friendly waiter and hostesses. The wait for a group of 9 was approx 1 hour. They text you when your table is ready, which is really convenient so that you don't have to wait at the restaurant. You can go lose money at the casinos instead.. -They bring each table an iPad to look at drinks & desserts. They also bring an iTouch when you're paying the bill. Ooh fancy!. . Food. -I ordered the Chanterelle Burger. I asked for it to be cooked medium well (Yes I know meat tastes best medium/medium-rare, but I grew up eating everything well done so it's hard for me to eat lots of red). Instead it came out completely well done. Shake my head :( zero pinkness at all! I also added cheese to it because this is the only burger on the menu w/o cheese & I LOVE cheese. The flavor was great!! My stomach was already full, but my mouth wanted more so I finished the whole thing.. -We also shared the Parmesan Truffle Fries. These were very fresh, but in my opinion nothing too great. I don't really like thickly sliced potatoes because they always end up having less flavor than skinny fries (like the ones at Yard House). . . Overall, 4 stars b/c the burger flavor was delicious. Minus 1 star because the fries were okay & the price is kinda steep for the quantity you get.
This was my first time coming to planet Hollywood and I happened to pass by Gordon Ramsey burger restaurant BURGR. I  am a major fan of Gordon Ramsey because of the passion he has for food and have admired his genius approach to food from his major tv shows like Hell's Kitchen and home cooking show on YouTube. I was excited to try his creations for the first time and I was not disappointed. . . The menu at BURGR was short but appetizing. The prices was fair ranging from $14-$20 dishes with a varieties to choose from. I tried the Hell's Kitchen Burger cooked medium with everything the burger described on paper. The meat on the burger had a savoriness that was beautifully sandwiched between soft poppyseed bun. This burger was uniquely spiced with a heat that only tickled my tongue because of my tolerance for spicy foods. The burger was perfectly seasoned and shared a wonderful sweetness with roasted red tomatoes that tasted like it was roasted in house. The spiciness of the burger was smartly balanced by the addition of avocado which created a cooling and creamy effect that make u want to go back for more. Don't get me wrong, this burger is spicy and packed a punch that got my girlfriend going back and back for sips of water. However the burger was interesting, unique, addictive, satisfying, fun, and delicious. A must try burger that promise to leave the palate wonder why it has wasted all it time tasting fast foods.
This is a biased review for I am a Gordon Ramsay fanatic.  I'm going to keep this review short and simple.  The food was ah-mazing, the decor was beautiful, the menu was unique, the service was exceptional.  The quality of the ingredients was everything I expected.  I also enjoyed the mini Ipad drink and dessert menu.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the choice of outfits for the servers.  It was tacky and it cheapened the look of the entire venue.  I'm not sure what Gordon was going for but as a female, I was a tad offended that the female waitresses wore outfits that reminded me of Hooters and that the guys were completely covered up.  And don't get me started on the clothing material...
Things we liked:. . I can't say enough about how great this burger was.  I ordered the Euro Burger with Truffle Aioli and goat cheese.  It came cooked perfectly at Medium. It was so good and I don't normally like burgers with beef! We also tried out the Parmesan Truffle oil fries with the Truffle Aioli.  We were not dissapointed. At first the fries just reminded us of Red Robin fries, however when paired with the Truffle Aioli it becomes fantastic. . . Things we didn't like:. . My wife orded a salad and it was OK. Not as good as a salad we got the next day at PF Changs. There was really loud music and I could not talk to my wife across the table. . . Other than that my burger and fries were amazing!
Two delicious burgers, truffle parmesan fries, friendly service, nice atmosphere, two very happy diners. It was a great start to our vacation. . . (Get the Euro burger!)
One of the better burgers I have had, the meat was cooked just as asked, the fries were crispy and not too salty, but the check was big. Our total was 90 bucks for 4 burgers and 1 fries. The farm burger was pretty good, I felt it was better than the hells kitchen burger. The food was 5 star, but the value for money was less on my eyes.. . The host at the front desk couldn't hold our table for a couple more minutes which was not what I expected... When we got a table, it had enough place and the rest of our party just sat in. Food came out fairly quick for how busy they seemed
Not surprisingly enough, there was actually a line when the place opened, but it wasn't too long to get seated, fortunately.  I was half-expecting someone in the back of the kitchen to get yelled at, per the show.  Though, that wasn't the case.. . With regards to the food, I ordered a oreo+butterscotch+creme brulee milkshake along with a Farm Burger and some truffle fries.  For a Gordon Ramsay establishment, it was actually reasonably good.  A lot better than I expected, as this was a chain of the other Ramsay restaurants.  I feel compelled to try his other joints now.
I got the Farm Burger. It was aiight. The pork belly appetizer was outstanding. Overall happy with the experience and the price was right. Gordon could easily have charged double given the star cred but he doesn't and I can respect the heck out of that.
LOVED the chanterelle burger.  Everything else on the menu looked awesome but really couldn't decide.  The cocktails were amazing.  Keep it up BURGR!  Slow service though.  I'd definitely come back next time.
"2 scollops! 3 beef welligtons! How long?!!". Hahaha I love watching Gordon Ramsay get mad. When I saw this place, I knew I have to try it - see what GR is all about.  . His fame is pretty legit by the looks of the line for BurGR - we waited a good 1+hour in line. Then waited 30mins for our burgers to come. . - chanterelle burGR: yum! Figgy onion, mushroom, beef patty, arugula. - truffle fries: the truffle is in the dipping sauce, not sprinkled over the fries like Umami burger style. - onion rings: this is a must try. So good. The sauce too! So good. . Overall... It was worth it. I would wait this long again the second time though. I feel like the staff is not quick enough with cleaning up the dirty tables, hence the humongous line outside.
I am surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet. Gordon Ramsay's burGR restaurant is exactly the type of food you'd expect GR to come up with. The burgers are crafted with interesting flavors and ingredients. My favorite of the burgers is the BRITANIA with that mango chutney and nutty arugula. That mango chutney did the trick with the sweet and sour taste the bring the burger alive. . . Another popular burger is the FARM BURGER - ordered by 5 of the 7 people at my table. Its duck meat with bacon and eggs. Definitely a heart-stopper if you know what I mean. Tons of flavor though. :] . . I also split the Honey-Pig Bao Buns with a friend which was delicious but a bit over-priced for three tiny buns. But what can you expect from the infamous Gordon Ramsay.
BF and I were excited to try our first Gordon Ramsay restaurant and were not surprised that there was a long line waiting to get seated for Gordon Ramsay's BurGR on a Friday evening. We waited around an hour and finally got a table. From the Yelp reviews, BF already knew he wanted to try the Farm Burger ($15) and truffle fries ($11). I ordered the Chanterelle Burger ($16).. . Our food came out fairly quickly and we were ready to eat. The Chanterelle Burger was too sweet for my liking. The Farm Burger lived up to the hype, but before BF could take a bite, the yolk exploded all over the plate. The truffle fries and truffle aioli were delicious!
To end my trip in Vegas, i decided to treat myself to this establishment.  I got there 20 minutes before they opened (I didn't checked for the times) and decided to play craps for a bit until it opened.  The staff were hustling and bustling trying to get the place ready.  I ended up as the third person in line and sat at the bar area.  My server was friendly, helpful, and he wasn't pushy.  He made some suggestions and I went along with it.  I had a farm burger with truffle fries and a light alcoholic pink drink.  The drink was surprising light and the burger was moist and rich.  The truffle fries however left me as disappointed.  They were overly salted but I think it was because I had one of the first servings on top with the salt but that was near the end.  I will come back but I might just skip out on the fries or ask for salt on the side next time.
I really wanted to love Burgr, and I did. I loved the onion rings, side sauces,  the best ketchup I've ever had,  and amazing blood orange Cosmo.  But I was slightly disappointed wIth the Burger and fries. . .  I ordered the Britannia and truffle parmesan fries. My burger was cooked perfectly but less than half way through eating I was craving another element, a sauce perhaps or more combination of texture. My fries were fresh, warm and crisp but it was so crisp (overcooked) that all I taste was a lot of hard crunch with no potato. . . My fiance ordered the Hell's Burger. Delicious but also missing moisture and flavor from a sauce. I understand gourmet meat is seasoned simply to compliment the proteins' natural flavor,  but put me over the top, don't just serve good burgers, make them great. . . Wait time and service was not bad at all, compliments to the line and cooks, uniforms were quite $ not $$, overall go try for yourself.
