One of my go-to places when I need to study or write. Wifi is surprisingly fast for the amount of people jammed inside this place on their laptops. . . Super cool staff. They accidentally charged me three times and were quick to remedy the situation with some Lux Bux. . . Really good chai lattes and fresh baked pastry concoctions. Open til' 10 most nights.
Like everyone else has said, this place is fantastic. I wouldn't exactly call it a 'hidden gem' as it's jam packed at all hours of the day - or so it seems. The environment is pretty laid back and relaxing if you can get passed the fact that they need to consider relocating to a larger building. If you can't get over how crowded it is, there's always the 'to go' option. The Lux experience offers great prices, delicious drinks, and a friendly staff.
You know what I love most about Lux? Their hours. 7am - 10pm every day. I never have to second guess if they're still open, or if this is the day that they close earlier than normal. They also have a killer Republic of Tea selection and make a great latte. Lux is a great place to go to get some work done, or just to sit and relax with friends.
I love the atmosphere at Lux.  It is a great place to hang out, with a good vibe and interesting people.  I go to Lux regularly and will continue doing so.  Two dings: (1) sometimes the staff is standoffish and a little "too cool"; and (2) the baked goods are not very good.  I have ordered a brownie, cookie, cake, whatever, countless times and I am always a little disappointed.  If the baked goods were better I'd be here twice as often...then it would be the perfect coffee house/dessert place.
You can smell the roasting coffee as you approach.  It's a bit of a run down looking place, but once you get inside, you're in hacker heaven.. . Macbooks everywhere.. . And good coffee.. . Lizbeth Salander would love this place.  . . So come out, get a break from the desert, have a cupcake, don't look at the prices, and enjoy the free wifi.
I've been frequenting this place for a loooooong time. It reminds me of the funky artsy coffeehouses in LA, around the Melrose District. Their hodgepodge of furniture - Midcentury rejects line the walls and old backlight tables - complement the easy, laidback vibe of the place. Of course, the Mac crowd wouldn't have it any other way.. . I haven't ever had a cup of coffee in my life but they always have juice, Vitaminwater and other non-coffee alternatives to choose from. Plus they have a few treats, like brownies, to snack on. This place is MRB approved!!!
There are so many reviews on Lux and I could just reiterate what's been said already ~ but they really do have incredible coffee and pastries!! . . Whether your a protagonist, fan or even if your dislike Lux, they have some of the best coffee is Phoenix and they have quite the following! This place is extremely busy ~ go figure!  . . The aroma when you walk in is a savory fragrance of roasted coffee and is truly delightful.  Their coffee is full flavored with palatible goodness from start to finish.  Their homemade pastries are scumptious and compliment your cup of joe or hot tea very well.. . The barista's are cool, friendly and very accomodating.  Lux is very small so most of the time I will get my cup of joe to go.  Their decor has a very "coffee house" feel and they have some seating outside which is user friendly below 100 degrees outside, lol! . . There are a lot of look-e-loos ~ people that like to stare at others.  Not sure why?  Maybe they think they know you or maybe they are looking for someone more interresting than the person they are with...
I have been a fan for a few years now. Way before Yelp. lol . Glad I have a chance to write a positive review. Coffee tastes excellent. Service is great even on busy afternoons or evenings.
When visiting Phoenix this last weekend, I hit up Lux twice. First time was on a Saturday and they were slammed. Staff were really friendly, fast, and the coffee was amazing. The second time was on Monday when things were a little mellower. Even better service and coffee. Interior is really relaxed with plenty of space to throw down your laptop and get some work done. I highly recommend the cherry corn muffins. All the bakery items are either done in house or near by. Fresh and so good. Enjoy!
Coffee.  Good Coffee.  Right next to Pane Bianco, which has the best sandwich in Arizona (if you ask me).  I visit the Lux when I am at Pane Bianco, and not the other way around.. . Deeply sunk into modern furniture, patrons sip coffees, eyes tranfixed onto Macbooks.  . . The place smells exactly like it should, an aromatherapy most of us only experience in the morning in our kitchens.  Just walking in will put you in a good mood.. . The staff is helpful.  Good spot.
You know you're at Lux when you see about 5 fixed-gear bikes parked outside and when you walk in, don't get confused; you're not at the Apple Store. Lux has great coffee and they always make a pretty design in the foam. Staff is great and environment is conversation-inducing.
I drove from Tucson to find the two places I wanted to visit closed (next time, I'll really do my research) and ended up at Lux to drown my frustrations in caffeine. This place did not disappoint. My latte macchiato was delicious. The coffee was perfectly balanced by the milk; all-in-all, a great drink. . . Good atmosphere and friendly baristas, too. I appreciated the kind suggestions from the girl at the counter. Will definitely return the next time I'm in Phoenix.
Stopped in with my two yr old granddaughter today after going to the children's museum, got some raised eyebrows when the cool people  saw the kid but whatever I had to have one of there dirty chai's. Good as usual and the kiddo had a cupcake she thoroughly enjoyed on the drive home.
I went here this morning as part of my Coffee Tour de Phoenix!! (ftw). I went with the BF even though we were just next to this place last night (lots of driving this weekend). We got there around 10 and the place was busy, but we didn't have to wait long toorder. The girl behind the counter was friendly and the clientele was kind of hippy dippy and 'trendy' but that's ok, that's what I kind of expect from a good coffee place. I ordered my usual, a latte, and the BF followed suit. We also shared a slice of pecan apple bread or something to that effect. The barista making the coffee was not so friendly, he kind of looked angry that people were at the shop (I can't really blame him, but still.... if you work in customer service you have to put on the show.... at least feign happiness a little). However, the coffee was good and he made a nice design in the top. The pastry was alright, but not the best I've ever had. I don't know where they get it from, but it was not particularly moist. It definitely was not bad though and we did eat it, so I'm just being nit picky. Overall the place was good, not the best coffee I have ever had, but definitely good for Phoenix. I would come back here if I were in the neighborhood.
Iced vanilla latte was okay.  Not stellar but ok.  The cherry pistachio scone, now that was spectacular.
This is my favorite special occasion coffee shop. I say that because it's so far from home so...I only go when I am downtown...which is usually special. The location is why they do not get 5 stars. I hate that they are far. I want them to be in my backyard....I mean come on...I have a pool and everything. . . The coffee and delicious treats are amazing.  Lots of tables to do table stuff. Lots of modern hipster chairs to do modern hipster stuff on. Outside seating is also available for those nature lovers. The art on the walls makes me wish I collected art. . . It's an all around good time...so go!
I love this place. Great coffee and nice set-up to do a bit of work using the free wifi.
Love this place, the coffee will grow hair on anyone's chest - watch out! The espresso is the best in this town, no contest. I could do without the plethora of iPad, iPhone, iRidiculous toting independent workers that flock in legions to this joint - because it is sooo hard to get a good seat!!. . The location on Central works, the design aesthetic works, the baked goods are hard to resist...I took a non coffee drinking friend here for coffee and he found a cheese, ham, and pastry concoction that was topped by a fried egg, then baked....It looked outstanding, if I ate eggs! . .  More Vegan baked goods would make me smile.
I have been drinking the same espresso drink for about 6 years now, and Lux does the best job at making it! I found this place when I lived in Phoenix, and I literally went there every morning at 7am. I would order my drink and sit there and read. The coffee drinks are fantastic and it may have to do with the fact that they roast their own beans.  The pastries are also great, and they are baked fresh in the mornings. They have comfortable chairs to lounge on and read a good book. They also have tables that can seat up to 8 people, so it is a nice place to meet up with a group of friends. There is also seating outside under a shaded area. . . There is a morning rush, but the staff is quick and there are parking spaces to the north of the building and also to the south. It is a hip, cool place with hip, cool customers.
Chill coffee bar. That is the best way to describe it. Very unique. All the plates are different. Comfy chairs. Desks. Fresh flowers on the tables. I sipped on hibiscus green ice tea and munched on the best coconut macaroon on my life. Yes, I am willing to go there. Must try. Stop going to Starbucks and start supporting coffee shops with personality, unless your a boring dud.
Is it just me or is it like a Phoenix treasure hunt trying to find this place?  Good thing I'm persistent or I would have ended up staying tired last night, or worse, at Starbucks.  So Lux is hard to spot, although it is conveniently located on Central and Indian School, right near a light rail stop.  Great coffee though and worth the hunt!. . Walking in I found pretty much what I'd expect from a local coffee shop: trendy, laid back atmosphere, lots of comfy looking chairs, which were unfortunately all taken.  I did not however, expect it to be packed at 9:30 at night, half an hour before closing.  I ordered a latte; it was smooth and rich.  I would have mistaken it for a breve (made with half and half instead of milk) but I watched the barista make it and I'm sure it was done correctly.  I love a good breve but stopped drinking them because of the outrageous fat content.  Is it possible I've found a regular latte that tastes like a breve?  I'll be back tonight just to be sure!. . Loved this place, and to top it off, I'm a sucker for a nifty design in my foam.
Good god lux is good!! When I need a glucose fix I get the velvet, and for the love of sweet baby jesus don't forget the dollop of whipped cream. mmm. It's heaven in a spoonful. Otherwise, sign me up for the iced coffee with the two shots of espresso that come along with, hells yes I'm set. . . But you know all those quotes? the ones to the right of the menu?...last time i checked we had this wondrous beauty on display: . . "Today will be tied to something . like a bed post wrapping . tree stumps in table clothes . to set the table for supper" . . . So, THIS is what makes Lux even better! It's that quote and all its precedents and all of its subsequent replacements. . . Jeff, the owner of lux and a poet, he's the man responsible for each and every one of those quotes. Simply an extra lovely touch in my humble opinion.. . Alsooooooo Pastries = YES!
A great place to lounge by yourself. The coffee and teas are great. I love the White Chocolate Mocha; your taste buds will love it, your hips may not.. . Don't go there expecting people to be friendly, it feels more like a library. Everyone generally keeps to themselves with their eyes glued to their various screens.
Well I love this place, is my fave coffee of all... but isn't great to study or have a conversation bcz their music is too loud, is always packed (bcz is that good) also the ambient and the style of the place is very cool, different  of what u can expect in the middle of the streets in phx central area. also the employees r very cool, know u by name and show u that care for ur order.... i will say is great specially for a weekends mornings or evening... is like a great place to meet somebody by the first time like a "relax, first date" hahaha... check it out
This place serves up a good cup of coffee and I LOVE the cheap refills on my Americanos. They also serve a lot of yummy looking pastries and other goodies. One of my top three coffee places in Phoenix. Has a real cool vibe and they are always playing good tunes. . The interior is a mish-mash of ultramodern furniture, some long benches and some old hand-me-down furnishings. Somehow all these incongruities add up to something unique and cool.. I also LOVE the hours they keep. I can pop in for an Americano (decaf after 6:00pm) at 9:00pm and hang out and chill for a while.. Just beware, this place (rightfully so) is ALWAYS packed and parking can be tough. But don't let that deter you.
delcious coffee and the pastries are always fresh! they should be open 24 hours!
Very good, Cartel is better by far.
yes, hipsters still abound in this space but the coffee and pastries are yum!
I've also never had to transition from a purely coffee shop to a coffee + wine+ restaurant, etc . They did a good job of keeping the old coffee Lux essential intact . The seating rooms for the coffee drinkers (and laptop users and book readers) are spread out on opposite sides of the space but there's always seating available. . . I have not had a chance to try out the "complicated to describe " food here although a sample I got from a fine lady here really got me excited.  It is an improvement in regards to the availability of food dishes. It can be a one-stop destination and I hope they do a very good job in all those specific areas in their food and service offering (besides the excellent coffee which is unequal in this area).. I like the fact that I can pace myself to discover new menu items here.  From a business perspective, I like to see how management plan to promote and market their new and expanded offerings.. . Like the prior place, the music is still a notch too loud. The art on the wall is not memorable but then again they probably will rotate the selection.  It is still slightly crowded after the first opening week. What's unique in Phoenix about this place is that it attracts people from different age sets, artists, punk, fringe groups, professionals, anti-socials, intellectuals etc. .The counter area is busy with the foot traffic and sound of cooking; an area I tend to avoid. The first week, I took 3 friends on separate trips to this place and they all agree, they like to come back.. So after a while, after this new place is " broken-in", I will want to update my review. Enjoy
After venturing to the new building i sadly have to knock this place down a star. As others have mentioned, there's no menu with pricing in a convenient location. There was what appeared to be a menu on a clear glass wall but it was hard to read and only had a few things on there. Luckily i have my regular orders that i know by heart. . . I really miss the intimate feeling of the original building. Although I'm happy they had to expand for a growing clientele a part of me wishes they kept the coffee shop a coffee shop and had the food/bar in the new building. . . I've also been here twice since the new building, both on a Sunday afternoon and it was so packed! The first Sunday i was able to find a spot to do work, but today i was unable to and just had to turn out the door after doing a lap around and seeing no seats at a table open. I never had that happen in the previous building... Perhaps when the weather is cooler this will improve.
I've been here twice now.  The first time was in April 2009 on a first date.  I thought the caramel frappe was just okay like the date, but I liked the atmosphere of the place.  . . I went again last Tuesday on a first date, and the place had moved to a much larger building on the same property.  They needed to expand since the place is so popular and crowded (too crowded in the old location).  The atmosphere is still awesome with interesting seating and artwork on the walls.  But even more interesting was my date.  We stayed for 5 hours!  This was the best or second best date of 2011. . . However, on the second date she told me that she wanted to be friends because of her complicated life right now.  I'm holding out hope for something more, but meanwhile, I'm going to move on to other women, who I will probably have less chemistry with.  . . As for the drink and customer service, my iced chai was great, but not one of the best I've ever had either.  They were quite friendly in there, which I greatly appreciated.. . Definitely would come back.  Hopefully, on a date which leads to a relationship.  This place is magicial....haha.
Man, this place is like something out of a movie, or magazine, or perhaps just real life.  I really love being in their space, and I love that after only three times, Danielle, who took my order, remembers my name, and knew the name of the guy behind me, too.  That sort of personal touch means a lot to me, and despite some of the pretense--like having a DJ on a Friday morning (spinning good tunes, I might add)--it's comfortable and fun.  . . I like that they serve my Moroccan Mint tea in a cast-iron tea kettle.  I like how they cook all the goodies right there in the same space as the customers, and I like that the people who work there match the style of the space.  Wish they did pour overs and pressed coffee, though.  . . Their mixed alcoholic drinks have all been excellent, although pricey.  My favorite is the slightly odd margarita they make, and it takes about five minutes to create, so be patient, but it's well worth the time.. . Prepared food takes forever, especially if there's a line, so I suggest ordering a pastry behind the glass and a drip coffee if you are in a hurry, but then this isn't Starbucks, so don't come here if you need to rush off.
I have always been a fan of Lux, and will always be a fan of Lux. I have established a great relationship with the owner, and have been a regular at Lux since before Fischer bought the business. I have to agree with Jason C. that the "shift in employees" is always hard to take, especially when you have had the same people helping to start your day, year after year. The new staff is pleasant though, some more than others...the nature of the hospitality industry. But I have noticed, however that the staff in the new barrista area are somewhat uptight ; I believe as a direct result of the confusion in the ordering area. It's a very odd setup. On any given day you can constantly hear patrons asking one another: "Are you standing in line to order?" "Is this where we stand to order?" "I'm very confused, where do we order, and where do we go after we order?" "How do they expect us to get to the coffee condiments with so many people 'corraled' here?" It's true, the ordering area is a 3-sided dead end. When the unnatural traffic patterns get out of hand, one of the cashiers will come out from behind the counter (table) and in a raised voice, try to herd the customers into some sort of line which never lasts more than a couple of minutes.. To add to the confusion, there is a nerve-wracking cross-pattern between the barristas and cashiers...3 of them have pointed out the numerous close-calls leading to spilled, hot beverages. Again, the traffic patterns seem to have been poorly thought out and arbitrary.. Nonetheless we are dealing with extremely talented and creative people, who despite the frustrating traffic patterns at the front of the house, continue to provide the best beverages and the most awesome baked goods.. 5 stars when the confusion gets sorted out.. . Pax!
Thought i'd update my review, with the new locale being open;. . coffee, pastries, and environment all maintain their top-shelf qualities. inside seating room was always an issue, but not near as much anymore. And the places to sit are all very hip, cool set-ups - not just 10 look-a-like tables and chairs. . . My only problem? How they've laid out their customer flow. One prob at the old place was there was always an awkward bottleneck of people waiting for their drinks... and to my amazement, they've cloned the problem at their new place! Unreal! Whoever space-planned the new layout should be shot! "i have an idea - because this place gets really busy, lets direct the long line of people into a little circle in front of the register, make this the same spot people wait for / pickup their drinks, and also the same place people use the condiment bar, and we'll have everyone awkwardly climbing over each other. Perfect!". . That said, their coffee is still the best in town. So there's that too.
Espresso is rich and DELICIOUS, scones get 2 thumbs up. Lighting is not the greatest for reading at night. Can be a bit overwhelming for first timers--figuring out the system (lines/ordering) because its so busy all the time. prices are fair/competitive.. Wifi is spotty (also likely due to being so busy)
As a shift worker, I am always on the look out for a good caffeine fix.  Likewise, I am obsessed with finding the best toddy in town.  With these in mind, I had to try Lux.  The vibe is definitely hipster but friendly and approachable--I hate to walk in and everyone turns to ask who the hell is this guy raiding our shop.  The toddy here was good, slight caramel notes and mildly bitter (in a good way).  I would grade this as the 2nd best toddy in the valley.. . Oh, can't forget the patio.  Love it.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):. 8 Food. 7 Service. 9 Atmosphere. 7 Value. . I don't like in the least how the recent remodel suddenly turned its back to the street, but I certainly enjoy making occasional trips into Uptown for Lux now that they've got food & booze.. . The drinks are over-the-top creative, quite tasty, but a little pricey.. . The service itself is good, but figuring out how to get served can be a challenge.  The space is definitely not inviting to shy newbies, and some really don't appreciate the meandering layout, though I tend to like it.
Lux has mastered the amazing way of combining happening, yet slow paced; friendly yet quietly independent; trendy, yet relaxed. Go to Lux for the amazing coffee and wifi, but come away with an appreciation for great spaces, new friends, and a quiet buzz that'll make you want to come back again and again.. . The "new" Lux is a great space: once you think you've found a quiet place to crawl into and observe the crowd, you'll discover that the building just continues and continues! There's a spot to people watch, enjoy the football game that's on, or power through your emails at a large table. If you're not in the mood to stay inside, hit up the small patio and listen to the chatter around you. . . If coffee isn't your thing, order wine or beer! I haven't tried their food but just from the looks of the dishes that friends have ordered, I don't think you can go wrong. The only thing that keeps Lux from getting five stars? It's crazy overpriced! Their cheapest glass of wine is $9. . . All in all, go to Lux just for the experience. I promise you won't regret it.
Lux is the hipster spot for sure. I am glad a friend suggested this place, only because I was happy to go to a cool place in Phoenix. This place looks cool and the baked goods look amazing! Unfortunately, it was so busy that by the time I got to see what they had to offer, I had to order right away. I didn't have a chance to decide, since most of the stuff is right before the register. The line was enormous and therefore, hid the items up for choosing. It's a spot where you must be a regular in order to know what to get. The chai was good and the quiche that I had was also tasty, but pretty small and not filling. I was still hungry after I ate it and didn't want to wait in line again. Overall, this place is really cool, but I don't feel like I got the full experience, since we were heading back to CA shortly after out visit to Lux. Maybe next time.
Have been going to the old location and just checked out the new place (right next door) a couple days back. . . Definite improvement. The problem with the old location was size and that has definitely been resolved with the new place having tons of tables and good elbow room. . . The coffee is good and the whole place has a great "roasting" aroma. I could even see some beans being attended to in a side room. . . The wi-fi is free and this is a great answer to those who are sick of the other chain places. . . The only issue I noticed was that it can get a little cramped at the counter, where the orders are taken and drinks delivered several minutes later. Not a real issue - just needs a little adjustments.
I love Lux. The new venue is great because there is a lot more room. The only problem is that it's still not enough. This place used to be a great place to just hang and spend the morning on a weekend or weekday. Now it's over crowded and doesn't have that neighborhood feel anymore. Some of the staff is super friendly while others have attitudes. . . The coffee is impeccable and the food is delicious. That first sip of my soy hazelnut latte is always the most delicious and compares to no other coffee. This is what keeps me coming back. . . If you want to sit for a while, make sure you arrive at the right time. And keep in mind the right time is never the same time. You pretty much have to get lucky to find a good spot. I've started getting my coffee to go. Also, they don't open until 7AM. This is when my shift starts, so I can no longer go before work. A great remedy for this was to buy Lux beans and to brew my coffee in a French press each morning. I'm definitely not complaining about the quality. It's still delicious. . . I try to make a visit to Lux at least once a week and will continue to do so....
These reviews are great, so mine is short.. . The best coffee in Phoenix. Very good pastries and other food. The wine bar people get annoying when I'm having a study night. It gets too busy sometimes, which is a mixed blessing. Seating is either very comfortable or it hurts my back. Ambience is nearly perfect, except for the wine bar people. The music is very good. If it's too busy, I'll go to Lola or Copper Star. You can easily spend $10 on a latte and pastry, so it's a bit expensive.
I was just told they stop serving coffee at 10pm, not good, I am sorry it makes no sense to me I am curious how long the policy will last.  I love the coffee and the atmosphere
I went back to Lux the other day and sat at the bar. I told the bartender I didn't want soda and I didn't want alcohol. He made me this amazing concoction of lemonade, a fresh lemon, cherry flavoring, and fresh mint. It was delicious! I told him he should put it on the menu. You should go order one so he will actually do it.. . Also the fact that I was doing my college homework at a bar made me laugh, but they said they're used to it and all the med students come there to do homework and drink.
iced dirty chai, comes out to 5 dollars even (medium size). It was good, i think i read that they make the chai by scratch, so no concentrate. thats a bonus. I really like this place, but its a little far to be my local coffee shop. I really like the decor (not sure what it would be called), but the place is a little confusing at first. I saw the sign/billboard, but only saw the italian restaurant. Thankfully i wandered the correct direction. I walked in and the entrance is actually the side of the shop (if there is another oops). i was a little confused but made my way through, knowing i was in the correct location because everyone had coffee cups, iced and hot. I found the "menu" on a glass written with liquid chalk (love it). and pastries all over! . . The pastry choices were plentiful, finding where to order a little difficult, because it looked like it was part of the pastry "display table". i'd come back i like the atmosphere a lot + it's next to slippery pig bike shop!
Depends what you're looking for, but Lux is killing it.  They attract alot of people!  Coffee is good.  Its a little busy for me... food, pastries, wine, beer, big screen tv.  Not really my ideal coffee shop.  However, the patio SUCKS. Its pitiful, and a bummer when the weather is nice.
I heard this is a recruiting station for those homely American Apparel models.. I heard they charge a cover if you don't bring a Mac.. . All clientele jokes aside, this really is a place where an average Joe like myself can grab, well, an above-average cup of Joe. And more. This place has some apparently good eats, baked goods (some of which are vegan!), amazing teas, and a groovy beer selection.. . I opted for an "Earl Greyer", because good black tea owns. This stuff was dank! The barista took the tiny pouch out of a can, and I could smell the bergamot from pretty far away. "Let it steep" he said, giving me about five minutes to scour Lux for this review. Here are some observations:. . -I have excellent vision, but the menus printed on two windows were admittedly a pain to read. Sure you don't want to have some in print?. . -The area to order and the area to wait seemed to be the same place. There is no clear line, but more of an amorphous bunch of people eager for service.. . -The layout appears to encourage openness. Too bad most people are too busy typing away to enjoy what could really be a bustling social scene. Come on, there's amazing goodies, great music (I swear I heard some Band of Horses), and a bar. Live it up a little people!. . -While the cooks were having a great time, I don't think my barista cracked a smile at any point. You have a great job. Enjoy it! . . Overall, I just have some minor beef with Lux's interior. A haphazard design that can easily confuse newcomers appears to be an avenue of pretentiousness rather than a chance to showcase aesthetics. . . But I'll stop nitpicking, I like this place a lot. Can't wait to try more!
Hipster hangout you can drag the kids along and not feel bad about it.. . The place is setup like a house and the first time you go it is for sure confusing.  Do I sit down or go to the counter or bar or what.. Its kind of a free for all.  I have been a few times and still feel a little awkward when I walk in.  The hot chocolate is great and the egg sandwich tasty.  The mac and cheese for evening is also really good.  . The service is ok, but not overly helpful or friendly.. The place is dripping with kids too cool for school, businessmen, and families... so a great spot to hit up if you are in downtown phx
I was impressed but did visit this place mid-day on a Thursday so it wasn't busy.  I was really hoping they would decorate my froth...I know, I know...shallow but these extra little touches lend to the experience.Hence, only 4 stars.  I'll be back for more.
I went back to Lux last night and was extremely impressed with their new place. It looks great, the food menu looks great (something I really need to try in the future), and the pastries looked even better than they did last time I was there. The guys behind the counter were funny, friendly, and made us feel comfortable while waiting for our coffee. The lattes were smooth, rich, and flavorful without the acidity that can really ruin a good latte. I can't wait to come here to try some pastries and a meal....
I was worried that the "new" Lux would not be as chill as the "old" Lux.  I was silly.  Although the lines to order can sometimes be long, the team does a pretty good job of managing it.  The pastries look amazing.  I LOVE the typewriters!  Lux offers plenty of food and drink options, and is right on the light rail.  It's conveniently located near the shop where I take my bike for service, so I while away the time @ Lux while waiting for my latest bikey upgrade to be completed.  I'm always whipping out my phone to use my Sound Hound app, because the music is really excellent.
Great coffee! The outdoor seating and coffee was a perfect way to end a Arizona vacation.  It was crowded on the Sunday afternoon we went, but there is plenty of seating and a variety of rooms and couches to sit on.  The food looked good too.
Great food, culture, and atmosphere.  Great mixologists as well.
I am horribly insensitive.  I've been loving Lux for over a decade and never wrote a review?!@?. . Anyway, it changed hands and even changed locations [across the walkway] a few months ago.  The coffee, while no longer the best this side of Flagstaff is still really good and the home made whipped cream is always delicious.. . A prior reviewer lamented that it turned its back to the street and is now open only to the rear parking lot.  In Phoenix-speak that is a betrayal of right-thinking anti-sprawlism. I agree.  Maybe a small point, maybe not.. . It has a menu now!  The food keeps to the same standards as the pastries and beverages, which probably explains why there's almost always a line at the counter and rarely a 4-top available.. . One thing this place has always had is a distinct personality, which changes in a big way with new ownership and many little ways with staff.  I've always loved that about it.
Great food and pastries. Coffee is nothing to write home about (despite being roasted on-site.) Great atmosphere with plenty of outdoor seating if the inside gets a little busy. There may be a place like this on every gentrified street corner of SF and Seattle, but there are few, if any, places like Lux in PHX.
Super relaxed place...Framboise for $7 - sweet and the sweet dutch pancake was tasty!  Loved that the music played homage to the Beastie Boys today...nice touch!
Super busy, but not in a bad way. Awesome vibe. An eclectic mix of people congregating, working, relaxing. Great drinks. Bartender seemed very much accustom to their drink menu only, though. Went in the afternoon. Curious to see it at night.
Don't get the cookies. That's my main advice. I have been going to Lux quite frequently since they moved to their new location. I love the layout, the decor, the staff, the coffee and bar drinks, their baked goods - at least I did until I tried the cookies. They were not cheap ($1 a piece and not particularly large), but I believe in spending a bit more for small business's sake and good quality. That's why I was so disappointed. The coconut macaroons were so hard that they completely crumbled when biting into them. I am still not sure if they were just old or just poorly made. The pistachio divinity on the other hand so sweet that even I, who has never met a carbohydrate she has not liked, could not eat them. I picked out the pistachios and threw the rest away. . I still love Lux and I will be back - I just won't get the cookies.
I am not a coffee drinker but LOVE the pomegranate green tea. I am here about twice a week for meetings. Haven't made it for cocktails yet. I give it a 4 because it is always a cluster to order.
I don't drink coffee but my husband said it was great.  I had a breakfast sandwich that was pretty good and my husband had a blueberry muffin.  I like the idea behind the seating and cafe but it was easy to feel like an outsider.  I would like to go back again and try some of their other baked goods that looked delicious.
Great stop for a fast breakfast - the hubs had the puffed pancake with fruit on top (I LOVED how much fruit they loaded on it - and I got to eat it all because hubs doesn't like fruit so much). I got the oatmeal and a pastry - so good! The price was reasonable and I loved that it was all fresh and the flea market vibe the decor and seating offered. Free wi-fi is a bonus too!
I went back to this place a couple years later and a LOT has changed! The atmosphere is pretty cool, we sat outside. I didn't actually eat anything, but the drinks were pretty good. I really liked it mainly for the atmosphere, but I'll have to go back and try out some food. Glad I gave them a 2nd chance. This might become our new Saturday morning spot.
It's a nice place to relax and chit chat with friends, or just come to enjoy a nice cup of coffee and a good book. I will definitely come back and try their latte :)
Love this place! Wish Phoenix  had more places like these. Lux is a chill place where I can enjoy a good cup of joe while I get lost in my book. Their quiche is scrumptious and pastries/cookies are heavenly. I brought my sister and she loved Lux! . . Subtracted 1 star for the parking. Space is  limited in the back
I had an iced americano and a cookie with jelly on it that was amazing! I liked the crowd and thought the inside looked awesome! I would definitely go back!
Found this place a few months ago through a friend. Nice, little coffee shop with a full bar as well. Coffee is VERY good. Also open later than places like Starbucks. Weekdays till 12 and weekends till 2, I believe. Prices are reasonable. Atmosphere is cozy. Lots of college students on their laptops. Lots of hipsters. Everyone generally nice and you can overhear some crazy conversations. Smoking permitted outside. Has a full bar, in-house snacks and meals. Also has a full bar. All types of people come through.. . It gets busy most nights (or at least nights I've been there) and the only bad thing about it is that there isn't enough seating!
I've been coming to Lux regularly now for about 2 years and generally really love the place! . . Coffee: Really pretty good. I'd been to some pretty good places back in CA, so have some pretty high standards regarding good coffee. I think Lux does a pretty decent job. The drip coffee and iced teas have free refills.. . Food: A little pricey, but the food is always pretty good. Their macaroni and cheese is cheap, though, and awesome (5 bucks). You can get it with jalapeno and bacon (7 bucks). Sometimes, they even have pesto and chicken in it. They start serving dinner at 5:30. Their breakfast is always pretty good, too, and they always have a variety of different quiches.. . Staff: All pretty nice and the more you come there, the more social they will be with you. If any even minor inconvenience arises, they're pretty good about spotting the charge, but it rarely happens that they have to do that. . . Environment: Yes, there are a ton of hipsters there, but that's kind of to be expected with good coffee shops in any city. There's a lot of people studying, but there are people meeting socially throughout the coffee shop, as well and especially near the bar area. Plenty of outlets exist for you to plug into. They have a projector in the backroom and there is usually some sort of sporting event playing on it. The only con is that the internet (especially lately) has been somewhat spotty as the place is usually pretty busy and everyone and their grandmothers are trying to connect.
Visiting from California, and refusing to drink Starbucks because I'm a complete "Coffee DB." When traveling, I try to find the local coffee gem in the barrage of coffee houses.. . This place is great, just how I like it.  Smug employees / clientele, and fantastic coffee.  Better than Bluebottle, not as good as FourBarrel.  For those of you know what I just said, I raise my cup from my saucer in your general direction :) .. . The edibles looked amazing, but was a little disappointed with the chocolate and cinnamon donuts I picked up for my family to try.  . . I ordered a double cappuccino, as it's my go to, did not sweeten it as it was easily enjoyed by itself.. . Love seeing these small companies roast their own beans on site.  Love the fact they are taking great care with the roasting process.  Thank you for not burning the bean and making my beverage it so enjoyable.. . Kind regards to the Lux team, I will certainly visit you tomorrow, provided you're open on New Year's day :). . Yum!
Best coffee I've had from a coffee shop, delicious drinks, friendly staff and comfortable environment. The house coffee was always strong and bold, but has a smooth earthy flavor. The bloody mary was my favorite late saturday drink, it was spicy and perfect. I give four stars instead of five because of the heartbreaking horrible pastries. A pastry should taste delicious and colorful and beautiful. Fuck the fat and sugar....it is a PASTRY folks. The pastries here taste like a bowl of plain oatmeal. Anyway, other than that this place is awesome.
Since there are more than enough reviews about the coffee, I'll add that the tea is very good here as well. The pastries are delicious and fresh. Overall the atmosphere is very comfortable but crowded. When we went there was an equal mix of single patrons on i-whatevers sharing tables, and large raucous groups.  . . Not a bad way to spend a rainy Saturday afternoon.
Order the black and white and you won't be disappointed. I docked them a star due to the high volume of hipsters permitted to sit all throughout the coffee house like vagabonds.
Coffee is still incredibly expensive. If I had unlimited disposable income, I would go. Atmosphere is wonderful as well, great place to take people who are new to downtown. Service is hit or miss -- barista lady's are either incredibly nice, or have way too much attitude. Open up another register, sometime? no?
Always packed!  The atmosphere is always better than the coffee or the service but I just can't stay away.
I would be lying if I said I didn't miss their original location and the vibe/service received there but I will always have an affection for Lux. Great drinks and sniggity snacks. They support local art not only on the walls but also musically. Fresh flowers, seating outside or inside on funky chairs. Lux is definitely unique and fun.
Great iced coffee, I liked the setup a lot, but it was very crowded and it didn't flow well.  I would really like to go back and try the weekend breakfast, everyone's food looked great. The customer service was a little akward and less helpful than I like, but they were not rude or anything.
Great coffee, vibe, and food. . . TERRIBLE parking, take the light rail if you can!
"I need to talk to you about some work away from this loud crowd.". . "Let's meet at Lux". . "OK". . A Phoenix venue where the air is white-hot with wi-fi, every bench and easy chair is full, the rooms abuzz with conversation, but hearable, discreet discussion is available somewhere on premises.. . Another of those places best described by Fats Waller. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLKSvqPnwro
Was introduced to this place by a friend, it seems as though this is where you can find all the hipsters of Arizona. :P. . I do have to admit their coffee is damn good.  Two times I've been here I've had the cappuccino and it's been great.  The second time I went, I took some "Starbucks" drinkers and they enjoyed their cappuccinos straight up; sans a gallon of syrup and chocolate sauce.
Sunday brunch time and this place is buzzing with energy.  The food prep station behind the counter has the air of America Test Kitchen in a trendy space.  Pastries and food in abundant supply and they're beyond the standard offerings.  Great for dinner too.. . The layout is open and the space is warm and trendy.
I came to Arizona from Washington and was shocked at the lack of good coffee shops. When I walked into Lux, my desperate search came to a halt. The coffee is spectacular, the people are down to earth, and the bar-area has a great selection of beer! . . Basically, if you come from anywhere outside Arizona and are used to great coffee (and the thought of Starbucks appalls you), this is your place. Yes, it is packed and it takes a while to get your drink, but if you can go in an off-hour, it's the perfect place to sit down and enjoy a cup.
Website is cool, the place is cool, the coffee is great, it's a nice place to go when you want to get some good coffee, and maybe a bite of food.  Unfortunately, many other people have the same idea, and it's always packed.
While trekking across the western states and stopping in Phoenix for the night, we decided to stop by Lux for a breakfast on our way to California. We arrived roughly after 9am on a Monday morning. Lux appeared to be nestle in a cool and hip part of Phoenix as there were some interesting shops and restaurants in it's proximity. Lux has it's own parking lot, which I'm not sure that is shared with the other business,but when we arrived there was ample parking spaces. . . On the exterior, there is a somewhat spacious patio allowing patrons to sit outside when weather permits. On the inside there is an eclectic array of mix n  match furniture which gives it that cool vibe. There is a small kitchen open to the room showcasing their variety of baked goods. It was very cool to see the employees working as we were waiting for our food. . . I ordered my usual breakfast when I'm in a rush or wanting to eat light, a butter croissant and glass of orange juice. The croissant was very good, very airy and decent flakiness. The orange juice was freshly squeezed. My friend ordered the quiche which was warmed up in their conventional oven instead of the microwave. It appeared they put love in their preparation of the food. . . Lux also serves lunch and dinner, and has a bar.
Total hipster hot spot. I'm not a hipster yet I felt comfortable in the shop. The coffee was really good. I also had a pastry and it was superb. It's got a pretty cool vibe and it's a great spot to people watch.
I'm torn on how to rate them. Four stars? Five? It's in between the two options, but I think just slightly closer to four.. The food, especially the pasteries are excellent, the coffee is always perfect just as it is. I don't have to modify my order ever.. The music is just a weird mix which is easy (usually) to tune out. My main complaint is theyre always busy so the service is always rushed and never friendly. I mean they're not rude, far from it. It's just that no one there is personable or warm. . I love the location though. It's walking distance from me, so I am there with my dog at least once a week.
Oh my God... Where the heck did this hipster haven come from -- and in Phoenix of all places! Seriously, Polaroids on the wall, mason jar glasses and lots of bespectacled patrons.. . I saw just how many Yelp reviews Lux had and had to lay my preconceived notions about people from Phoenix and their snobbish ways aside (I'm from Tucson, can you blame me? We're all a bunch of dirty hippies in Baja Arizona). I stopped in on a recent trip up to Phoenix and enjoyed a croissant and a latte. . . I was immediately impressed with the vibe (wait, did I just use the word vibe... I think I did), even though I was a little surprised by it's location -- there's not much around it at all. Great music, great art and a laid back atmosphere that's conducive to just hanging out or perhaps writing the next great American novel.. . The croissant was to die for, and the coffee was perfect -- apparently roasted on site.. . I sat at the juice bar and watched an impressively mustached man create some very interesting drinks. I didn't stick around long, but I liked what I saw. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.. . The only reason I didn't go ahead and give the full five stars was the initial frustration I had when ordering -- I'm no idiot, but the process wasn't intuitive and none of the staff seemed interested in helping me out. They were too busy updating their Instagram and talking about the next greatest band you've never heard of. That sort of bummed me out, but the yummy coffee soon made up for it.
nice place to study. drinks were pretty good. definitely a hipster kinda place.
Great light roast! The ambiance is very fitting for the location, which is great. Always busy so go early and grab a good seat.
I am sooooo not a hipster but I loved this place all the same. Staff is friendly. Coffee and baked goods are yummers. And the atmosphere is perfect for working on some school work (which is precisely why I stopped in), meeting/schmoozing with friends, people watching or even a casual first date? Tons of seating.. . I've lived in the area for almost 2 years. how could I have missed this place?. . Can't wait to try the regular menu.. . One weird thing,  which has absolutely nothing to do with the cafe, is that it seemed almost every single person in the place has an Apple-brand laptop. It was kinda twilight-zoney. And the funny thing is my co-worker asked me the next day If I noticed that everyone had Apple Laptops. I DID! I DID! . . :) Go and love it!. . UPDATE - 10/20/13. . OMG! I just have to update with one of the most amazing cakes I have ever had. It is a slice of Vanilla citrus cake with coconut filling. My tastebuds are doing the happy dance right now. Dee-freakin-licious, people! Earlier, I had the NY strip with couscous with carmelized onions and mushrooms and broccoli. I rarely crave red meat but for some reason I was today and Lux did NOT disappoint. . . Also, I was getting hangry (hungry and angry) cause this guy in front of me was ordering like really slow and asking too many questions but this amazing, beautiful  lady with long dark hair and a warm smile, who i can only assume is the manager, calmed me with her amazing customer service and awesome chilean wine recommendation. I love Lux!
Stopped by for a few hours to get some work done.  Definitely hipster heaven as everyone already pointed out. Great atmosphere but can be pretty loud if you can't tune out sounds.  Internet was fast. I came during lunch rush so it was pretty packed and awkward to squeeze into an empty chair.  As people left, it became more manageable. Great for people watching without looking like a creeper (I swear I'm not a stalker though).. . Sizes of drinks ran a little small - $5.50 for large dirty chai.  The baked goods looked amazing but I was on a diet and a budget. Great to see cooks right behind the counter making fresh food orders and throwing pastries into the oven. My olfactory nerves were in overdrive. . . Only one bathroom of each gender so there were waits at times.  Rooms in the back were a bit quieter than the front but still busy. I also like that they have a bar if you're looking for a drink with some extra kick.. . Minus a star because workers seemed a bit robotic.  Maybe it's their job to be efficient but a little personable touches in taking orders can't be that hard to add. They weren't mean or rude or anything, just a little stoic for what I'd expect from an otherwise cool place such as this.
I stopped in relatively early one morning for a quick breakfast with my husband. Lux is pretty easy to find, and I think the parking is ample. There's always plenty of room on the street a block over if the lot is full.. . As pretty much everyone else has mentioned, the place is oozing with hipsters. It can be irritating, but it didn't really ruin my overall experience. My husband had a piece of quiche, which he really liked, and I thought the brioche was good - not too sweet, and a good portion size. The lattes are pretty good, though a little overpriced. Not the best latte I've had, but by no means the worse. The seating is interesting, though it's awkward to figure out where to pick up your drinks and food. We just watched what other people did and tried to follow suit as best we could. I think they want you to bus your dishes, but this was also unclear, I hope we put our dirty dishes in the right place. My experience with the staff was OK; everyone seemed pretty disinterested in what they were doing. Feigning a little interest in your customers is never a bad a thing, and is something I think the staff at Lux should work on.. . I would go back to try their other drinks and pastries, but I'm not sure I want to call Lux my go to coffee shop in Phoenix quite yet.
(And update to a brutal review I made about them before- they're better now). First, Lux desserts are painfully perfect.  I've had the carrot cake, choc chip blondie, m and m cookie, etc etc. apple something, salted caramel something else...and each time I make the remark.. "I could literally crush every last one of those f-ing desserts and never look back".  Scary good.. Soft... Insane. . Second, the sugar free caramel latte iced or hot with the dope leaf design in the foam- thumbs up.  Sizes are one stage smaller than most places but I'll take it if it lets them stay open and profitable.  . Oh ya open late!!!!! Till midnight thru the week and 2 on the weekends.  Finally!  Xtreme bean is the only other contender. . . *Evolve . *Be happy . *Don't tell people what to do or how to feel at the end of your posts
There's just something different about this place that I absolutely love. The pictures posted on Yelp don't do it justice. There are multiple rooms with couches and tables, quaint corners where you can get some work done. The atmosphere is to the T, and their coffee/eats are delicious. The place can get a little loud and hectic, so bring your headphones or come at an off hour if you're looking to make some power moves with your work. There's something a little Starbucks about the way they run the front, but the staff is friendly and this place has so much to offer over your typical coffee shop experience. . . Overall, if you want great coffee and a lively atmosphere, head to Lux.
Living up to the hype, there are many things that I loved about Lux, and other things that I would warn newbies when coming here:. . PROS:. * Their coffee and baked goods are pretty tasty. I got a chilled mocha and it was the right kind of chocolaty and the right kind of caffeinated-buzz. I also got a croissant (because I saw one next to me and immediately decided that I wanted it) and it was fluffy and delicious.. . * The coffee shop is huge, so it allows you to find a chair, nook, couch SOMEWHERE or if you come with friends you can all hang around together in some corner. The store has different spaces so keep looping around if you don't see any free spots at first. . . * The music selection is quite cool and makes the ambiance pretty happy and chill. The decor is funky so there is a large combination of chairs, tables, sofas for every taste.. . * It turns into a bar, well, its always a bar but you can go for both coffee-drinking time or boozy time. I have not had their drinks, but they have a cool bar setup and a large selection of fresh ingredients for (hopefully) a successful execution.. . . CON:. * Its effing pricey. For reals, its not a "round the corner" coffee shop so assume that your coffee price includes everything from "ambiance" to "the price of being seen" to everything in between.. . * The music. Its loud. If you are here to study, well, don't. I came here to read (not knowing any better) and I struggled with a mixture of how loud the music was (even tho i liked the selection!) and the even louder dumbass sorority girls next to me chatting their lives away. This place is social, not a shelter for your quiet-needs. Let me repeat that:. . THIS PLACE IS LOUD. DO NOT COME HERE FOR PEACE AND QUIET.. . * Parking. The lot is always (always full), so expect to park on the street wherever you can find. This can sometimes be a challenge, but they have 2hr parking on the street and some back lot, which I am not sure if we are allowed to use.. . . So there it is folks, the good, the bad and the not-so-ugly. I am ashamed and happy for giving into the hype and trying this place out. I'm not a hipster, a coffee-snob or anything, but I do love anywhere with great quality food and drinks where I feel welcome. Isn't that what its all about anyway?
I really like this coffee bar, if you are driving north on central if you aren't careful you will most likely drive right by this place.  You have to make a U turn about a quarter mile from the actual entrance to the place.  Their hibiscus tea is my drink of choice and I do rather enjoy their pastries.  I go here quite often to study, but it definitely can be a little bit noisy in here.  There is free wifi and free refills on tea drinks.  I've had their mushroom soup and it was quite delicious.  From what I've been told, their lunch menu items are pretty good.  They also don't mind if you bring outside food when you come.
Great atmosphere. Amazing food. The bartenders are awesome and very knowledgeable.
Lux has come a long way from the tiny coffee shop it once was. The new place is really fun with a cool vibe but beware of the packed factor. It is pretty ridiculous making me hesitate to go back. There is always a line out the door, parking issues, and nowhere to sit. If you can snag a seat it is on a couch or hanging off a bar stool so rather hard to eat and awfully uncomfy. . . Today, I ordered the Dutch Pancake. I did not like the burnt top part of the pancake. My friend says the last time she ordered it it was not burnt like that and tasted better. The unburnt part was Delish though but at 10 bucks it should be perfect! You can get it with fruit or veggies. My friend got the biscuits and gravy which I loved. Not too heavy or salty with a hint of Sage. . . Pros- Good food, fun vibe, cool decor, music, friendly folks, best coffee drinks in town I dare to say. . . Cons, Wowza this place is expensive, packed to the gills every time I have come, and Panne Bianco is right next door causing an eating choice dilemma -lol . . I am sure there must be an off time here to go to avoid the crowds. if you know what that time is let me know. Also, I can always solve one of the dilemmas by eating here and getting Panne to go when the weather cools off. Granted, this could only happen if the second mortgage for food cost that day comes through, ha!   ;)
Great place to find a seat and a java of your choice. I met a friend here during the weekday in the late afternoon; seemed like everyone had the same idea because it was extremely busy. I liked the space, it seemed very private in some areas for those who wanted to work and concentrate on their work (1 star). But it also had the buzz in the air as your typical vibrate coffee shop (1 star). I had a cold mocha, and it was served in an environmental friendly cup (1 star). The mocha was delicious and made to perfection (1 star). The seating was abundant, with many choices (couches, long tables, community tables, bar seating, etc.) (1 star). 4 stars!. . I'm deducting a star because of location and when I initially walked in I had my heart set on a cold berry green tea. They didn't have anything similar on their menu. They recommended an Iced Tea or lemonade ---umm, not the same.
I love the fancy cocktails and the Mac & Cheese. Omg you guys, it's too tasty!
I used to go almost every day when I was in high school.  I got back this summer from school and tried it again a couple times.  It was not as good as I remember, but they still serve amazing espresso.  I love their whipped cream.  The lines are always long, which is a good thing, because it most likely means people are willing to wait for their coffee/food.  The line goes quick too, and no one really looks irritated waiting, like some people do at Starbucks.  I would have given it one more star but my 16oz vanilla latte was 5.00 before tip.  That is more expensive than Starbucks, and I am not a big fan of that.
I am a recent Lux convert. . . I was dragged here by a friend a few years ago, before the remodel/expansion, and I HATED it here. The girl that took my order was snobby. The line was long and awkward, and I wasn't impressed by the drip I received. . . Over the years I'd get pulled here by various friends, and it never failed to piss me off. There's no sign. It's difficult to find. Where the DOOR? Where do you order what? I didn't understand the craze.. . Lux is esoteric. It's snobby. It's hip. And it has grown on me. . . The quality the last six months or so has shot way up. Rumor is they have a new roaster, and goddamn, GODDAMN, if he isn't good. When I buy beans to take home, my entire kitchen is swallowed in that sweet smell. . . Vegan donuts? Pimm's cups with real muddled fruit? Much, much better customer service, attention to detail, and expanded food/bar options? I'm impressed, Lux, I really am. . . Good job.
Never had a coffee served so fancy w drawings on the top ha.. I'll take it though. Very chic and contemporary (if you're into that) they also have a liquor bar :)
hidden and delicious! Crafty cocktails. Perfect coffee. Fresh baked goodness!...try Cartel coffee in Tempe as well!
Cute little shop with very good coffee and food as well. I liked how quirky everything was and there are many places to sit. I would suggest that they have a form of menu or central area where it's obvious you go to pay. They have a daily menu, it seems like, that is taped on the glass near the display case. There's a lot going on so difficult to see that. From the street, it's not easy to know where the front door is. I would definitely come back but with expectation to pay a lot. It's very expensive there!
Slightly chaotic for this first time patron, but the egg sandwich was AWESOME! My friend talked it up last night and it totally delivered! The roasted tomato is definitely the best part ;) #nomnomnom. . Despite living a little while away, I'll definitely be back again! #happygirl
We kept seeing everyone check into this place and it had tons of reviews, so we knew we had to give it a go - and what a fun place! The line was really long when we walked in, but they whipped through it in no time and the woman taking the orders was really friendly and helped to make decisions since we were first timers and all.  She was very patient and answered all our questions (which we tried to keep short due to the line).. . Now, the place itself is super eclectic and there is art and decor to look at no matter where you sit on the inside.  The porch was packed, so we weren't able to enjoy the nice day outside, but the inside isn't a bad backup at all.  We got to sit next to Marilyn Monroe on a pink couch that was comfy and the wood slate table is something I would put in my house in a heartbeat.. . Our orders: me - a mocha with a crumb cake, his - vanilla latte with lemon cake.  We didn't realize until we were out of the line that they served full breakfast plates!  That'll happen next time for sure.  The coffees tasted great and the crumb cake was delicious.  . . Overall: A. Fun and artsy with good coffee and pastries galore...yes, please!
If your looking for a fabulous place to have some coffee, meet with friends, waste some time or grab a bite to eat, Lux is the place. This local coffee shop is better than any chain coffee place.  Walk into this place and you will know why.. . The atmosphere is a place where you can grab a seat on a couch and relax and enjoy your coffee or meal.  This isa great place to bring a lap top and do some work or play. This is a place that you could visit any time of the day or night.  Reminds me of a little coffee shop in downtown Denver that I used to visit. . . The coffee is delicious and they have delicious pastries if you like. The only reason I give this a four star is they don't offer a Thai iced tea. :(
Food fresh and good for you. Great atmosphere. Didn't get last star only because it was hard to figure out what to order while in line and felt very hurried. Will definitely come back.
I am very adventurous and I often stop in to check places out first, so I am glad I read the Yelp reviews before I did or I never would have found the place. Sure, you can see the sign out by the road, but the sign announces three separate businesses andthere is no discernible entrance. You have to park in the back lot and walk in from the rear. There is no sign above the door. I wouldn't have found it if I hadn't known to look for it, and if I hadn't been brave enough to blindly walk into an unmarked business. You could park on the side, right where you pull in off of Central Avenue, but know that you must go in at the middle point where the two buildings meet, and it feels like a back-door entrance. You must be cool enough to know how to get in the place. (joking).. . The menus are shit. Meaning, you really have to look around hard to find the menus--it's not like there is a big wall menu above the counter, which is how it SHOULD be. It makes it tough for people in line to decide what they want, because everyone is craning their necks around everyone else in line just to read the posted menu. It is TERRIBLE. So they should improve on that. However, that being said, the bakery items on display look fab, and to taste them is divine. I wound up grabbing a box of pastries and a coffee to go. Best scones EVER, and worth $3 a piece because they're big.. . My Americano was not that good--it tasted like it was made from instant coffee. But at $3 it was big and it was hot and it was coffee. That was okay for me, but I probably will not order that there again. It looks like they have lots of much more interesting choices to choose from, and if I had more time I would have tried something other than my old stand-by.. . The food menu exists...you have to use bifocals. But look for it because the lunch and breakfast entrees look WONDERFUL. The seating looks more conducive to coffee and cocktail drinking. There is a big long table inside that looks like you can eat a meal at it. It is community style dining. There are tables in back, and tables outside that look like you can eat comfortably there.. . I have to point out that it is the most hipster/pretentious place EVER but in a good way. If you feel uncomfortable being judged by the hipster group, don't go. It is a really cool place and I plan on taking my sister there. She'll love it. My kids would hate it, but they are teenagers and think they're  too cool to be seen there, if that makes any sense. I loved it but in a fishbowl kind of way. I am not that cool, but I liked looking. What will get me back there is THE FOOD!. . Oh, and the people are VERY FRIENDLY! :) ...which is always a plus.
Solid iced coffee experience. Tastes like coffee :) High octane stuff. Food offerings are fresh and unique, I can see why it's always so busy. Parking could be better, but it's kinda right in the middle of one of the largest cities in the nation, so who's complaining?
I'm not going to lie- I'm a hard woman to impress with coffee.  It's good, definitely not burnt or weak, and more flavorful than Starbucks.  Did it blow my mind?  No.  I did get a raspberry thumbprint cookie which was REALLY good though, and all of their baked items looked delicious. I highly recommend getting something with your coffee, even if you have to eat it later.. The atmosphere was as described - 'cozy' and with lots of character if not a whole lot of places to stand while waiting for your drink.  It is a good place to sit and chat, as there is lots of seating alcoves.  It was little crowded when I went (Thursday afternoon), but the staff had the flow down and the wait wasn't bad.. I won't be driving cross town just to get a cup though, but I might stop in again if I'm in the area.
Little did I know, they have an area around the corner, past the bathrooms that is much more calm!! I am now a fan :)
This place has changed so much since high school. Which by the way I graduated 2006. My friends and I will come here everyday after school. This was the hangout spot. :) . . I love how there's different rooms, different atmosphere in each room. I love this place. A really good place to catch up with a good friend. And of course a good place to do homework and such.:))
It's hard to find a quality, iced coffee that works like jet fuel but doesn't taste like it. Lux does it right and if I lived closer, I'd probably be powered by them on the daily.. . Lux is pretty trendy with their communal benches, mishmash of thrift store-looking furniture and their cast of tattooed employees who keep Urban Outfitters in business. The crowd is a mix of business professionals and your average hipster; it's a place where worlds collide in the name of good coffee. There's plenty of seating inside and a nice little patio, but the place can get crowded during high traffic times, so sometimes it's just in your best interest to grab and go. It's pretty noisy in there, but I always see people in there pounding away on their laptops, so if you can concentrate with that kind of distraction, this might be a fun place for you to get some work done.. . Lux has a solid list of coffees (a regular iced coffee only runs you $2!), breakfast items and a daily selection of pastries that include muffins, scones, quiche and croissants. You can also buy coffee beans from them and you get a fun reusable jar that you can bring back again and again which you'll probably want to do because their coffee is fantastic.. . One of the things they could work on is the flow of their line during busy hours. It's confusing and awkward and when you get to the counter your drink isn't ready so you just kind of mill around trying not to bump into other coffee-jonesing patrons. The only other thing I don't like is the straws being a free-for-all situation. I don't come armed with my own straw for iced coffee so it pains me to reach into that open container and try to pick a straw that maybe hasn't been touched by 150 other hands.. . Lux would do well on its own if it served its coffee out of a cardboard box on the side of the road, but it goes the extra mile giving, providing that atmosphere that makes it one of those spots worth coming back to, dicey straws and all.
love this place for baked goods, ambience and art, and did I say baked goods?  I have a small child and its not great for him unfortunately, so only 4 star.  Most places have a kids corner or high chair and on my last visit they didn't.  But I can go alone and do and enjoy it.  LOVE THE URBAN VIBE, and the local artists.
I love it. music is good, people (workers and clientele) are great, the food is the bomb. Ive had the risotto which is so so good (no meat and still amazing and light), also the bacon and jalapeno mac n cheese is so yummy. I love these two so much I havent even ventured to try other menu items but im sure they're good as well. . . My ONE caveat is that the wifi is so SLOW. Most likely because they always have a full bustling house. If they could fix this, I would be there much more often. I work from home/am mobile with work, and would love to work here more!
Super cute and the quiche is scrumptious. Went for a layover, not too far from downtown and fell in love with the awesome vibe. If ever I'm in Phoenix, I'll be coming back for sure!
This is a very cool place and great coffee and pastries. The bad part is the music is way too loud that its sorta irritating.
I am giving 4 stars as a compromise with my wife.  We ate breakfast here because of the high ratings.  The place is easy to find and had lots of seating inside.   Looked like they were remodeling a patio outside which will be nice seating in the summer.   . . First the coffee is good.  If you are looking for coffee this is a good place.  It is also a decent place to hang out with friends.  Plenty of seating with music in the back ground.  I would have to give 5 stars for this.  . . The food was ok to me.  My wife liked her quiche and that's where we compromised on the rating.  I thought the food had a decent taste but the portions were small for what the prices were.  I don't mind paying more for food as long as there is some knock your socks off flavor but that just didn't happen.  . . I had the biscuits and gravy with sausage.  It came with 1 biscuit and runny gravy with a little bit of sausage.  Just didn't cut it for me.  I even ordered a side of hash browns that were pretty skimpy too.  . . Good place to eat if you like to eat kid sized portions.
The pumpkin pie is awesome!!!! The scone was good.  The atmosphere is cool and I totally recommend this place for anytime of meet-up!
Awesome latte! I ordered the iced Black and White latte which is basically dark and white chocolate topped with their house made whipped cream. Delicious! Didnt go there for their breakfast or baked goods but everything looked good. It's a small place so i imagine it can get even more crowded than how it was when we went there.
Just visited Lux on Saturday night. I was a bit apprehensive to try it based on  its 'hipsters-only' reputation, but I was pleasantly surprised once I entered. Yes, there was a couple of clusters of iMac-bearing-no-eye-contact-having folks but once I made my way to the bar, the crowd got more social. Young and old, everyone seemed to be enjoying their artfully crafted beverages and eclectic atmosphere. The music was good, the food was delicious, and in addition to all their fancy, herbal-infused mixed drinks, they house a wide variety of craft beers. Overall a great experience. Looking forward to trying out their coffee & breakfast next time.
