What stands out about this place is VIEWS!! VIEWS!! AND MORE VIEWS!!!  The food and service are definitely inferior.  My boyfriend and I went here for lunch.  We thought that we would splurge and enjoy a nice meal with a good view of the strip.  Upon sitting down I was stunned by the view, however, the tables were all too close and I was a little annoyed at having to hear the whole conversation of the people next to us.  The server was nice but honestly our service was very slow.  The food was delicious.  I ordered the ocean salad which was loaded with tastey things.  It had crab, lobster, prawns, artichokes, celery, avocado and best of all a delicious light vinaigrette dressing.  It was large sized which surprised me because most of the time at high end restaurants portions are tiny.  They really didn't skimp on anything.. . My bf ordered a lamb hamburger that was delicious.  It was not overly gamey and it came with carmelized onions, peppers, chips, and a delectable sauce.  The bread was also really good.  It had anise seeds in it.  I have to say though I was a bit po'd when I got the bill and realized that my mediocre bloody mary cost $14!  I immediately wished that I had sent it back.  Oh well.  What can you do?  This is a great date place or reception restaurant.  I don't know how often I'd come  ($70 lunches aren't really my thing) but for a special occasion it is perfect!
My fiance treated me to a romantic dinner during our trip to Las Vegas.  We stayed at the Paris Hotel so we decided to try the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  He made reservations on www.OpenTable.com. This restaurant requires a credit card for reservations and if canceled they will charge $50 to your cc.  However, if you need to make changes you can call the restaurant directly rather than going through OpenTable.. . We were seated next to the floor-to-ceiling window that boasted a beautiful view of Bellagio's water show. VERY romantic.. . We started off with a bottle of rose champagne.  Their wine list is spectacular, it's more like a book.  After flipping through 10+ pages I decided to go back to the front and picked a bottle. =P  We also wanted an order of fresh oysters on the half shell but the restaurant did not receive any 'good quality' oysters that day so they weren't available. . . HIS:. Sauteed Veal Medallions with Braised Vegetables & Wild Mushrooms = 4 stars. . HERS:. Filet Mignon with Lemon Parsley Butter Sauce = 4 stars. . SHARED:. Potato Gratin = 2 stars. Chocolate Souffle = 5 stars. . My filet mignon was cooked to perfection and paired well w/the lemon parsley butter sauce.  It was much bigger than I expected and even though my fiance had a few bites, I still couldn't finish it.  I tried his dish and the veal medallions were tender and soft. Very delectable sauce w/veggies too.. . The side of Potato Gratin was reasonably priced at $9 but it was below average.  My version of this dish is 10x better, I'm not kidding.   To end the meal, we went with a Chocolate Souffle and it was absolutely divine!!  They had many versions of the Souffle, such as: Banana Souffle, Grand Marnier Souffle, Pistachio Souffle, and a couple more that escape my mind.. . Service was top-notch.  From the moment we got on the elevator to the moment we left. 5+ STARS for great customer service & attentiveness.. . . ON A SIDE NOTE: we returned to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant the next evening to have drinks at the bar.  They have a cocktail called "Eiffel Affair" and at $20 a pop it was worth every penny!  It resembled a sangria except that it was sparkling and 100x better.  It is also mixed with Stoli Blueberi which gives it a nice kick. MUST TRY!
I went this past weekend and had a good overall experience. You get to the restaurant and take an elevator at the base of the Eiffel Tower to reach the restaurant. The elevator attendant was basically Helena Bonham Carter straight out of Sweeney Todd but I chalk that up to giving the restaurant character instead of being incredibly creepy. The great news is that every table is a good table. The restaurant is surrounded by floor to ceiling windows that give you a view of the strip. I was seated right next to the window so I had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show that popped up every so often. . . I don't know if all of the wait staff is French, but if not, they fake it really well and add to the ambience. I get that this can be a really special moment for some people but the little blonde teenage girl walking around with an impressively sized camera is a little unnecessary. It made for an awkward moment but I guess the intentions were kind. The food was great. It wasn't out of this world but  I enjoyed it and that along with the view definitely makes it a place that I would recommend!
The Eiffel Tower is a perfect marriage of ambiance, good service, and great food.  The dining room is a wonderful treat with a classy dark wood motif and an amazing panoramic view of the city.  Having been to this restaurant a few times -- twice on a busy weekend, once on a quiet weekday -- I can tell you I never had poor service here.  The hosts always seem cordial.  The wait staff is always highly attentive and unaffected even during a packed house.  Food-wise, my favorite appetizer is their foie-gras, which is paradoxically delicate and rich.  The entrees I have tried were the filet mignon and the lamb -- both perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
We arrived there dressed very casual... We have been looked from up to down and after 5 seconds hesitation, the lady let us go! She should have been more discret. We had to waited 10 minutes without any reservation on a friday night.. . Inside the restaurant the stafft is attentive and gives excellent advice.. . The food is very good, french style, but american portions!. The drinks are expensive and not at the expected level, except the good french Champagne (can't remember which one it was, but there is only one by the glass).. . The view is AWESOME! We were seated at the window and had the chance to have the view on the Bellagio show!. . I will go again there for a romantic dinner in Las vegas.
We were fortunate to be seated, at the late hour of 9PM, right in front of the windows overlooking the beautiful Bellagio fountains.  . . The dining room was quite elegant, with the lights lowered making for a very intimate atmosphere.  The tables are also set pretty close together, meaning you are sitting quite close to your neighboring diners.  I tried foie gras for the first time, and thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  Though very pricey, our dinners were delicious - very high quality food.  Service was impeccable, rounding out a lovely night out.. . Be sure to splurge on one of their souffles!
I went to this restaurant with my boyfriend and I loved it.  We were lucky enough to get a seat right in front of the Bellagio. The view was so beautiful. I ordered a classic hamburger and it was the best burger I've ever tasted. It was seasoned to perfection. I ate every last bit because it was so juicy and tasty. I will definitely be back!
Very good setting, and romantic atmosphere. Be sure to ask for a window seat, the view is simply amazing. Especially the part facing Bellagio, they have free water works, where you can see very well in the restaurant :]. . Food was amazing, we've ordered the warm foi gras,...yeah never had one so good. Lamb chop entree was cooked just right. Beef wellington...well, I don't know how the european enjoys their meat...wasn't really my cup of tea but nevertheless was well flavored. My and my wife ended the night with the souffle and a meringue, both was ultra delicious. . . Service was awesome, almost felt like a personal waiter standing by you. Also the washroom has a waiter handing out napkins...well i've never been to a high end restaurant that has that so this was interesting to me :P. . The restaurant is ultra pricey but for its ultra tasty dish. Would recommend for a couple dinner. Doesn't feel like a family place...at least not worth it IMO.
I loved pretty much everything about this place!! Once the elevator doors open into the restaurant you are greeted with a look into the kitchen and all the chefs in their crisp white jackets and chefhats scrambling around to get everything perfect. Instantly we felt like their number one guest because we were quickly seated at our table with not a minute of wait. There isn't a bad seat in the house, we were a party of 5 so we had a nice big table in the middle. Dinner couples of 2 get the best seats in the house right up to the window with a spectacular view. If you're lucky you'll even get to see the Bellagio water show! . . We shared the Beef Carpaccio for an appetizer. DELICIOUS. We gobbled up two plates of that within minutes! They then surprised us with a complimentary little shot glass full of carrot soup which was to die for. The perfect amount to keep our taste buds entertained before the main course. I had the Steak with bernaise sauce, medium well cooked to perfection, and the sauce (which came on the side) was tasty too. I cleaned my plate! Make sure to do the a la cart options as well. Their potatoes au gratin is literally the best i've ever tried in my life. (Sorry mom) . . Service was excellent. View was great. Food= amazing!!! I definitely want to go back next time i'm in Vegas and highly recommend it. Great for groups or a romantic dinner date! . . I just wish they didn't charge an extra 15$ to go to the top of the tower, especially after we just spent a chunk of change on dinner. :(
This was more than we expected, mostly for good reasons. Yeah, we spent more than we planned for lunch thanks to a pricey but tasty cocktail and wine menu, but we also got more thanks to nice views, formal service and above-average fare.. . This place was loaded with French tourists when we were there, which is something that's both heartening and depressing. On the one hand it shows that the food must be reasonably good and authentic, but on the other it makes you wonder if the French are the least adventurous diners in the world. You fly thousands of miles for vacation to sit in a replica of a famous landmark from your home country and eat food you could get on any city block in France? Bold move, Jacques! As Midwesterners, however, we thoroughly enjoyed the upscale French bistro food and relaxing setting for lunch. Seafood options were particularly good, as were the baked goods.
This is a beautiful restaurant with some of the best views of Las Vegas around. You can see the fountains of Bellagio, and almost anything you could want from this location. . . One of my friends got married at the Paris and had the reception at this location. The staff were friendly, efficient and great at their jobs. The hors d'oeuvres were amazing. Sirlon burgers, puffed pastries with mushrooms, and salmon wraps with caviar to name a few. Everything went perfectly including the red velvet wedding cake with raspberry sauce. Wow!. . If the air conditioning kept up with the crowd, I would give them 5 stars immediately. I realize during an afternoon in Vegas, with that many windows, it has to be hard to keep things cool. . . I would definitely like to visit this location again for dinner.
Take your kids to this kids friendly high end and great view of the bellagio water show! We were there recently and they treated our infants so well that the kids were well behaved! They got the kids milk, brought out a DVD player and pay constant attention! The food is winning except for the meat course of the tasting menu which was too well done, for which I am deducting one star. Otherwise excellent!
Nice place with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Came here while we were waiting for our reservations at Mon Ami Gabi to have a couple of drinks.  Both of the drinks we had were very good. I forgot the name of them but mine had some fresh berries and champagne and my gf's was a fruity one with a strawberry type froth on top.
My girlfriend handpicked this restaurant for her 24th birthday dinner, which was the reason we cited for coming to Vegas. She is a lover of French food and is particular about authenticity as she spent some time studying abroad over there.. . We were staying at the Bellagio, across from Paris, which is a short walk using the overpass walkway. I made 7pm reservations for two. When we had arrived, nearly all window seats were taken, but we were able to snag one without wait.. . Our orders:. - Eiffel Affair (drink) $19 - way pricey for what it is. When I see a drink at $20, I expect something spectacular, or at the very least unique. It was cool that this drink had actual berries in it, but was not worth $20.. - Escargot $20 - this was strictly for my girlfriend. She did comment that it was not like traditional escargot and seemed a bit disappointed with the dish. I ate the poached egg, and it was done correctly (spills everywhere when punctured).. - Lamb $46 - which was cited as Eiffel Tower Restaurant's best dish by our waiter.. it was amazing. Both tender and flavorful, and I haven't enjoyed lamb the same way since. The serving is generous.. - Sea Bass $44. . The view was very nice and the service was excellent. Our server was very attentive and not overbearing. He took several pictures for us. Truly a romantic dinner.. . In the end, although I found Eiffel Tower Restaurant very romantic, and food reasonably priced, it sort of bothers me how much their drinks cost here. That, and my girlfriend and I both agreed that although we enjoyed dining at ETR, we probably would try other places before returning. But definitely try this place once for a special night! It certainly has real WOW factor. 4/5 stars.. . Check out my photos for a pic of the $20 drink, escargot, and lamb.
This place is great for a romantic dinner.  If there's just two, request a table by the windows.  We had the most amazing view of the Bellagio fountains going off during our dinner!. . The food was great, too.  Nice-sized portions and great service.  Huge but expensive wine list.  Definitely a bit expensive but worth a splurge.
Came here with family so I was able to try a number of dishes.. . New York Strip Steak w/ Bone Marrow and Cabernet Reduction was excellent (this is what I ordered and would order again). Filet Mignon was okay, not as good as the New York Steak. Sea Bass was whatever, definitely not worth $44. . Mushroom side was terrible, asparagus was nothing to write home about.. . The chocolate cake was amazing (not the souffle, the regular mousse type cake.). . One turn off is that they had forced gratuity of 18% on a party of 5.  Considering we had a $740 bottle of Hundred Acre Cabernet, the tip got pretty high.. . Regarding tipping on expensive wine, I did some research on the internet and apparently you ARE supposed to tip on the full amount of the bill including the wine, even if the wine dominates the bills.  I guess I'll be ordering cheaper wine in the future.
We had a great time at this restaurant.  Congraz to the couple who got married that night.  . We got there 20 mins late on our reservation but we still able to get our table.. We reserved the window seat, the view was great .  the water fountain of Bellagio was right in front of us.. If you dining with your other half, you can't just order one tasting menu, gotta for two person.   so we ordered 1 soup, 1 salad and two entrees: one steak and one seafood and one bottle of wine.  it already filled us up and no more room for dessert.   the food was just ok and average.
You will definitely enjoy a meal here.  The restaurant makes every attempt to live up the the expectations of fine dining.  There is a dress code and the staff are all dressed in their Sunday best as well.. . The atmosphere is intimate and the service is fairly attentive.  This place is always busy so it's hard to get the attention you probably feel you deserve for the tip you will feel obligated to leave.. . I remember our food taking a while to come out, but also remember it being worth the wait.  It was all cooked to perfection and the portion sizes were spot on.. . Would definitely go back.
View of Bellagio evening light show! Oh romance across the air.... . touch of elegance sitting below the tower, staff was excellent. An hour and a half well-spent, indeed.. . Foie Gras & filet mignon...my favorite pairing accompanied by belvedere and grapefruit delight...Life at its best.... . our server moved us to the window seat the moment it became available...attention to detail, i love it.
This place deserves 3 stars but they get that extra star for the setting and service.  Very romantic with nice view of the Bellagio water show.  The server moved us to a window seat before the entrees came so that we can have a better view...sweet!!. . I had the lamb...must have the lamb at a French restaurant right?  Not bad...cooked rare and was very delicious.  Though I had better lamb and for the price they charge...??  My date had the filet mignon w/ foie gras...l tasted it and thought that it was good...that's all....though the foie gras complimented it very well.
My husband and I came here for lunch on a whim, but mainly because unlike Mon Amie Gabi, this place did not have a wait time. The service is very good and the view is awesome.. . We started off with their cucumber lemonade. Great and refreshing, which was especially welcome after walking in the summer heat.. . They give you a little amuse bouche with their parmesan rolls to start. I found the amuse bouche really interesting. I don't know what it was made of, but to me it tasted like peas - I love peas. Bread is really good too.. . We then had some soups. My husband had the lobster soup with bay scallops and I went with the onion soup. They were both good, but definitely needed salt and pepper in our opinion. The onion soup is also not your typical french onion soup as this one is thinner and made with cream - also, it has no onion pieces.. . My husband had the Moroccan lamb burger with potato chips. He thought that it was tasty (I only had the chips) and the little sauce they give you on the side is really good.. . I went with their parmesan crusted chicken. That was really tasty. It came accompanied by au gratin potatoes (tasty) and veggies (also tasty).. . All, in all, it was a really good meal and was not as expensive as we thought it would be.
A very romanic place to have dinner. Food was small but taste great. Great view, a little crowed for dinner but overall had a great time.
Tasty food, great views (the Bellagio fountains and my wife), good service and reasonable prices. No wait, just walked in for lunch. Felt like a hidden gem.
I really like this place! My parents and I came here for lunch to check it out and since it was a bit cheaper than dinner.. . The staff are super friendly and so willing to help out.  When we rode the elevator up, we were greeted by the kitchen! Haha, how cool, well I think it's cool, okay? . . We got there early so we wandered around a bit.  The view was pretty awesome! I loved being able to see Bellagio and Ceasar's Palace on such a beautiful sunny day.. . We were seated and our waiter John came to help us out and all.  He was really nice, made some small talk in between bringing our menus, drinks and food to us.  I really liked that.  I would definitely have a waiter who is more social than one who just brings us food.  And we found out we had some stuff in common too! . . Anyways...on to the food:. I ordered an open faced smoked salmon sandwich. My mom got crab french toast while my dad got an open faced flat iron steak sandwich.  Ah and a lobster bisque and a cucumber lemonade.. . Unfortunately, my favorite part of the meal was the amuse bouches.  It was a shitake mushroom custard (? er something similar to one) Gosh it was SO GOOD.  Creamy, light and a lovely earthy deep mushroom flavor.  Then these cheese rolls, I believe there was parmesan inside.  It was crispy on the outside, soft, chewy cheesy on the inside.  There were two kinds, one topped with fresh black pepper and the other with fennel seeds. Yumm!. . Sorry this review is getting long, I wonder if anyone reads reviews this long.. I enjoyed my entree.  Smoked salmon had a nice flavor and the crispy brioche on the bottom was nice.  And the flavors worked well, The lobster bisque was frothy, light, had almost a seawater and lobster taste to it. I really liked it! The cucumber lemonade was very refreshing.  My mom's crab french toast was alright.  I liked the crab meat inside, but maybe a bit too much egg on the outside.  And my dad's steak was nice, a good medium and had a great flavor.. . Phew my fingers are tired, hope you're eyes aren't too tired.  I do recommend checking this place out for lunch if you don't want to spend as much on dinner.
The boyfriend and I made reservations the day of and it was fine. The time they had for us was a bit late, but we had a show to catch, so we did not mind. When we arrived, we were seated immediately and our table faced the Bellagio and its fountain show directly. It was absolutely amazing and beautiful and very romantic. We probably saw the show like 5-10 times during our dinner.   . . He order the fillet mignon with potato croquettes and I got their black cod. He loved his fillet mignon and I really like the black cod too, but towards the end, it got a bit too salty for me. The potato croquette were so good; very crispy and tasty.   . . For dessert, we ordered their strawberry souffle and it was amazing!!!!! It was sweet, tart, and very light. I absolutely loved it.
A girlfriend and I came in for lunch on Saturday to take advantage of the prix fixe menu they offered in support of Las Vegas Restaurant Week. . . I loved the seating/reservations coordinator downstairs. She checked my name in the computer, confirmed to the restaurant upstairs that I was in the building, and led us into the elevator. It was, at once, very posh and attentive, but cool and casual and welcoming. Definitely a good start.. . The elevator opens up to the kitchen. A great touch; I love to see the kitchen and have a sense of what is going on with my food! Walk to the right and you enter into the bar area and see the hostess desk. You also see that there really isn't a bad seat in the place. It is tiered so as to offer, as much as possible, a view to every diner. Great idea. The decor is upscale and comfortable, simple and elegant without putting off the casual diner.. . We were seated at an intimate two-person table on the window, facing the Bellagio and fountains. C'est parfait! Tres jolie! We loved the show against a somewhat dreary day in Las Vegas; the lights lit up the water and made the view (and by proxy the ambiance of the restaurant) that much more beautiful.. . Service was spectacular. Everything was timed perfectly, from the amuse to the apps to the entrees to desserts. Wine service was expedient and attentive. Everything was explained well, if not a little too rehearsed; we heard the same spiel over and over, almost verbatim, to tables around us. Hint: change it up a bit, add some personality and personability to it! Still, friendly, capable, and humorous when appropriate, everyone was on their game.. . Mmmmm,food. This *is* a restaurant, after all.. . Drinks: We opted for wine by the glass, but they did have some yum-sounding signature cocktails... for about $18 a piece. Just not worth it to me... I can have three glasses of wine to your one cocktail and be happier for it. Others around us were loving their drinks, and I see value in that on occasion, but it was something we skipped... this time.. . Amuse: a light but flavor-FULL mushroom flan with a small piece of mushroom on top. Savory goodness in less than a bite and one of the best fungi preparations I have had the pleasure of eating in a long time.. . Apps: The foie gras (not on the LVRW menu, but ordered as an extra) was absolutely phenomenal. Served cold, it was a large, thick slice straight off the liver. Nothing formed or cubed or otherwise manipulated, it was marbled by veins and perfect. As if that's not amazing enough, it was wrapped in duck prosciutto. Yeah, drool-worthy.. . The spinach and grueyere streudel was good. I hoped for more cheese, and I found the crust to be a bit too hard. That said, the flavors were solid and the spinach was fresh. Not a bad dish.. . Entree: The flank steak had a great flavor and the cabernet jus was delicious. But there was something about how it was cut... almost against the grain? Sadly, it was also a little tough. We ordered them medium rare (I even added "more on the rare side") and they were closer, I think, to medium. Great flavors, but a little lost on execution.. . Dessert: The peach tartin was fantastic. The pastry was light and crisp, the peaches were fresh, sweet and tender, and the basil ice cream with piece of crispy basil was a lovely, sweet and savory complement to the rest of the dish. Really, really done well.. . I never felt rushed, the meal was very good and the prices were good. Aside from the prix fixe decision we made, the foie gras was only $20 (and compared to other places I have been lately, that's an amazing deal for what they offer. Definitely a fave!). With 2 glasses of wine each and all of the above, it was only $65 or so each before a tip. Very much worth the visit!. . For next time... I see wine and foie gras and dessert at the bar. Casual yet still surrounded by the intimate elegance... and with a fabulous view.
Went here for drinks & dessert. Loved everything we tried & the view was awesome. However it is crazy expensive. But worth it for a special occasion.
I have only had lunch here. Let's start with the view...amazing, we lucked out and got a window table with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains and a nice sightline up and down the strip, I can only imagine the views to be even more breathtaking at night. As a whole the food was just slightly above average (but still above average and I have higher expectations than most) but there was a few hints of awesomeness tossed in. They bring out a bread basket and one of the little flatbread things in the basket was simply amazing, we sent the waiter back for thirds LOL and the potatoes crouqet were delish and I don't even normally like potatoes. Service wasgreat as well.. Summary, you can definetly find a better meal in Vegas but probably not a better view/meal combo. I enjoyed it enough for lunch to go back and give it a try for dinner in the future.
Didn't eat a full meal here, just some apps and drinks.  The menu looked great but we were not in the mood for the full menu...just starting off the night appetizers.  This place for sure set a great mood to start the night!. . Awesome View!  Great lounge feel and the apps were good, drinks are strong and excellent!  Service is great too!
I really enjoyed the intimate setting. Great service:)
I only visited the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for some after dinner cocktails.  They make a Godiva chocolate martini that my mom and wife loved.  They have a handful of other house cocktails that are pretty good as well.  Not surprisingly the real value here is in the view.  The restaurant look straight across the street to the fountains of Bellagio which we enjoyed three or four times during our stay.  The menu is (surprise) traditional french and I am interested to come back for dinner and will update this review when that happens.. . Fair warning, collared shirt or jacket required for guys.
The food was very good but not at the level of a 5-star restaurant.  But for a nice night out, very worthy.  The braised short ribs were wonderful.. . The service is excellent.  All personel are wonderful.  We requested a widow seat with our reservation for two and got one.. . The pricing is not out-of-bounds for this level of restaurant.  However,  be prepared for spending over $200 for two people with wine, salad, entree, no sides and desert.. . They have a large and impressive wine list but the pricing is way out-of-bounds at 4 to 10 times retail.. . I've been there 4 times now and find the quality to be consistent.  It is a great place for an event dinner (anniversary, birthday, etc.) but not if you are just going for the food.
High end restaurant with outstanding service.  We celebrated our anniversary there and were greeted by the manager.  As I was removing my jacket, he quickly assisted me on placing it on my chair.  . . Our waiter, Joshua was perfect!  He appeared at the right time to replenish our drinks, rolls and checked in periodically but not overbearing.  We had the Thanksgiving tasting which we enjoyed.  Turkey a little bland for my taste but the sides were excellent (red cabbage, au gratin potatoes).  The chef surprised us with a couple of "extras"...cold celery soup and multiple desserts.  All excellent.  A beautiful location with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip.  A great evening.
You must go like 11:30ish to get a good spot fast... I think we got there like 12:45ish ended up waiting 45 minutes. . . Wait was kind of worth it since I liked our view. . . Food was nothing overly special being that I've had really good foods in NYC...  . . Service was great, everything was out promptly. Good place to try.
Great service, amazing food, beautiful view...what more could you ask for? Well honestly, I'd ask to not be packed in like sardines and a somewhat less noisy environment considering the pricey-ness of restaurant. . . I loved that there is a dress code in this restaurant. I loved the menu choices. I thought the service was outstanding. I loved the view from our window seats as we watched the fountain show at the Bellagio below and enjoyed the Vegas strip. The food was perfection. The chocolate souffle was absolutely to die for! With all of this perfection going on, I truly feel silly even mentioning the negatives, but for me, the experience really has to be impeccable to give that 5 star rating. We were packed in so tight that my husband and I almost had to look at each other sideways to enjoy each other's company. And because we are packed in like sardines, the noise level is far more than what it should be for a more upscale type of place. . . That having been said, I can't wait to go back and see if perhaps I can give it a 5 star rating next time!
View is amazing. Atmosphere is dim and romantic. Service is good. My food was good (veg crepe), as was my husbands (pheasant.) A great, unique Vegas experience.
Went here for lunch.  We were seated by the window and had excellent views of the strip.  I ordered a shrimp, lobster, crab salad.  It was just what I wanted.  . . Great dinning room. Good bread. Good food and spirits. . The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was a nice experience.
My lovely yelper and friend had their tenth anniversary some years ago and thought it would be nice the day before NYE to eat here before year ends.  She made reservation months in advance so dinner was set for four.. . It was a busy night as we enter into what looked to be a bar/entrance to the restaurant.  There, we were acknowledged and were said to wait until our table was ready.  We sat near the bar and to our non expectation, nobody came to take our orders.  One of my dear friend had to hop onto the bar and asked to be served with cocktails.  . . I got the pink velvet.  That was awesomely refreshing alochol drink that hit just the right spot.  The other flavors were gin and tonic and martini by the guys.  Low and behold, we were finally seated a not so great table but nonetheless, overlooking a post wedding dinner and a family celebration. Oh well.. . Our waiter for the night was nice and pleasant. Got our menu as well as our order of the the fine wine that we all love Cab.  Cost us $155.  It was exquisite and worth every penny.  My table had the usual, foie gras and meat was the order of the night.  I went for the braised shortribs.  Very tender and delish. The lamb and the muscovy duck were good I was told by my eating companions that complimented very well with our wine.  . . To end the night, we four shared two souffles--chocolate and pistacchio.  I preferred the chocolate.  Overall, a great night of food with wonderful friends.  A romantic night out with a great couple. Nice ambience. Tab was steep but well worth it. Hey, we are in Vegas so we should eat like one--at least once in a while.
On our visit 10/14/11.  Great ambiance and definitely a great place for a quiet romantic date. The service and food were exceptional but it is pricey.
The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was suggested to me by a good friend who has good taste in food. Well he was right. The food was some of the best I ever had and I'm always looking for the best quality tasting food. I also believe in " you get what you pay for" and this restaurant is no different. If you are willing to spend a good chunk of change then you'll receive excellent food. The only reason why I did not give five stars is that I didn't feel that romantic ambiance that I was excepting.
Ambiance, yes...Innovative menu, yes...a souffle...yes! What more can you ask for? The pricing was a bit high, but the wine selection was perfect and the food put a terrific twist on some of my absolute favorites. I cannot even explain how great it is to be confused as to which dish to order these days. Monk Fish, Rib Eye with Escargot Sauce (amazing!), and all of the classics... If you want to experience fine dining in Vegas, you have to go here. Yes you are at the Paris, yes you are in an Eiffel Tower Replica (the real one does not have dining like this) and yes you are on the strip...who knew that they could have such high standards and deliver this well? I do now!
Ah the Eiffel Tower...restaurant.   You make your way up the elevator and are immediately greeted by someone who takes your coat and leads you to your table, or in our case, since we were a bit early, to the bar.  The bar is nice, great view of the city, top shelf.  Once our table was ready, they came for us, transferred our bar tab and took our drinks and us to our cozy table for two, overlooking the fountains.  It's a beautiful view. The fountains go off.  Impressive.  Ordering al la carte is not cheap.  We opted for the tasting menu ($93.00 pp) WITH their optional wine pairing ($69.00 pp)...This is a great DEAL people.  An appetizer and entree would have been almost as much and we had 5 decent courses of beautifully prepared foods, beautifully presented.  Now that said, the wines were decent but not what anyone would call fabulous; although I found their pairing of the seafood bisque with a Oloroso Sherry, right on!. . Have you ever seen the show "Hello Dolly"?  Remember the waiter scene, waiters doing the waiter dance with trays held over their heads?  While service was prompt and well timed, there was also a frantic feeling of the waiter dance...and those trays, held over their heads, were happening over our heads and close to our back.  A little disconcerting.  But nothing was dropped or dripped on us so that was a good thing.  And remember those fountains at the Bellagio?  Well, those suckers go off every 15 minutes...so after the first few times...it's like sitting in front of a clock.  "Has it been 15 minutes already?"  With a large group, or even maybe a new man (or woman) in your life, that may not be noticed so much, but after 23 years of talking, sometimes you just look at the view, over and over.. . The food was good, a well thought out menu, nicely, although unevenly presented.  My plate came looking one way, his a bit different.  If you are serving two plates of the same thing side by side, they should look exact replicas of each other...at least at this level of service and presentation.  Denny's...not so much.. . LindySez:  It's a nice date night.  Great food, great view, if you have something to talk about after the 6th time the fountains go off or, as in our case, talking about the fountains going off...and great service (see if we had been paying attention to the view, we probably wouldn't have even noticed "Hello Dolly" was being played out behind us.
It was our anniversary and Valentine's Day so we wanted to have a memorable, romantic dinner.  We chose the Eiffel Tower Restaurant with the ads promoting the view of the Belagio fountains and the sunset.  We were greeted by 3 hostesses and were seated immediately.  I had requested a table by the window and expressed that a few times.  However, we were seated at a table not only away from the windows but, with huge steal beam to look at.  I told the hostess we did not want to sit there.  We were seated at a table without a steal beam.  Other than that, the evening was perfect!  There was a prix fix meal which was 3 courses, delicious each one and presented to perfection. The service was impeccable and flowed seamlessly. We both were studying the wine list obviously trying to decide which wine we wanted.  The Somalia apparently saw that and came to the table to help us out.  Very observant..we liked that!   The wine he suggested and brought to us was a perfect pairing with our meal.. .  I was able to see the fountains go off several times and people that did get to sit next to the windows had no problems with me standing behind them taking a few pictures.  We so enjoyed ourselves and certainly had a memorable and romantic dinner!  We  have now put the Eiffel Tower on the list of restaurants we must return to on future Vegas trips.  . . There was one other little issue:  my husband's chair had no padding in it anymore.  He was squirming in his seat and finally told me that his chair was like sitting on concrete.  I told him to say something but, he wouldn't.  We looked at the chairs next to us and figured out that they need to be replaced.  They were pretty much showing a lot of wear and tear.  For not the fact that we were seated in front of a steal beam when asked several times to have a table with a view and the worn out chair, I'd give this restaurant 5 stars!  : )
This is our second time visiting this restaurant, must make a reservation.  Its not cheap, but the quality of food and ambience are worth paying for.  A refreshing break from las vegas, we tried the 5 course meal which turned out to be very good except for the veal, I personally didnt like it but the rest of the meal was delicious.  The other four, or five things were delicious.  We were seated by the window, with a view of the bellagio fountain that added a nice touch.  The only low point of the meal was our server this time, he was dry and a little rushed.  didnt take any time explaining the menu, or even bothering to ask why we were there like others do.  It would have made our special ocassion even better.  The first time we went there, we had an older gentleman that was exceptional so I guess it depends who you get.  If service would have been better I would give it 5 stars.
Food was good, wasn't sure about the mushroom foam they gave to me and my date before we ate, but it was good. Very elegant, the view of the fountains is always a favorite I feel. It's romantic in a non cheesy way.
The Eiffel Tower restaurant has a beautiful view.  Try to get a table near the window facing the Bellagio.  The service was amazing as well as the food.  Looking forward to dining here again!
My husband and I dined here the other night to celebrate my birthday and what a great experience it was! I had called about a week in advance to make a reservation. To my surprise, they asked for my credit card number over the phone, which I have never done before. This guarantees your reservation, and if you cancel I believe they charge $50 to your card. A dress code is also enforced, although the woman I spoke to over the phone told me that jeans are allowed as long as they are not ripped up. . . As others have already mentioned, you take the (small) elevator to the 11th floor where the restaurant is located. The elevator opens up in front of the kitchen. As soon as we arrived, one of the employees said "What are you doing in the kitchen?" He then gave us a warm greeting and walked us to where we would check in. . . We had a great table by the window with a awesome view! My husband and I thought the restaurant would be higher up than it actually was, but it was perfect! We really enjoyed the view of the Bellagio fountains (every 15 minutes) and the strip. . . What we ordered for dinner:. -Maine Peekey Toe Crab Salad: with cucumber and black sesame seeds. Very light and tasty with a vinaigrette type of dressing. Good choice for an appetizer!. . -Char Broiled Filet Mignon: with lemon parsley butter. It was cooked the way I wanted and easy to cut into pieces. It wasn't the best steak I have ever eaten, but I still enjoyed it. I also felt that the butter was too thick and it took a while to melt down. . . -Aged New York Steak: my husband ordered this. He pretty much felt the same way I did about my steak. It was good, but definitely not the best.. . -Potato Anna: as our side order. It was basically thinly sliced potatoes that were layered on a plate. Not much to say about it, but there's nothing wrong with potatoes cooked with butter!. . For Dessert:. -Chocolate Souffle: After we ordered our dinner, our server asked us if we wanted to order a Souffle because it takes about 30 minutes for them to prepare it. It was interesting when they brought it to our table. First they make a hole in the center of the souffle, then they pour in the chocolate sauce inside. I was a bit disappointed because it wasn't as good as I was hoping it to be. The cake was very moist and fluffy, but I felt that it needed more chocolate sauce.. . -I was surprised with a complimentary Chocolate Mousse for my birthday! It tasted great and I definitely enjoyed it more than the Chocolate Souffle! I also liked how they served it on a plate with "Happy Birthday" written in Chocolate sauce!. . Service was top notch! Our server was Pierre. He was friendly, entertaining, and very attentive. He made us laugh, smile, and really wanted us to enjoy our dinner! Also there is a photographer that walks around asking if you would like to take a picture with the illuminated Paris Balloon in the background. We decided why not, and liked how it came out. We paid $24 for a 5x7 photo. Ouch. I know, but it was worth it for us!. . My only complaint is that the tables are packed in very close together. The aisles are also very narrow, so it takes a while to pass by other tables and to get out. . . Our bill was expensive! But we definitely enjoyed the experience and our night here! Hopefully the food will be better the second time around if we ever come back!
Food was very good, not exceptional, but very good.  The service was exceptional.  You definitely want a table with the view of the bellagio fountains, and while I was just there with my husband, there were lots of groups which seemed to be having fun. This place is quite expensive so just be aware. My husband and I are in our 20s but came to Vegas prepared to spend money! We spent close to $350 though (with a bottle of wine) and unless you are really holding back, I don't think a couple could get out of there for much less. It's Vegas so everything is relative.  Worth doing once for sure :)
Wow what a View! I had flowers delivered, so the Fiance was knocked out. I probably could have proposed to any girl in the world at the seats we had and gotten a yes! The cocktails we had were expensive but good, and the bartenders were very nice. We had the lamb and the beef wellington. I loved the steak inside the wellington and the accompanying sauce was great, but the crust was weird to me. The lamb was tender and awesome. The highlight was the oxtail, and scallops. So Beefy it was crazy, and it made me want to make it at home! The service was great as well. The souffle was good, i am not a souffle person I guess. Worth going to for a romantic meal, or a proposal dinner.
ATMOSPHERE: The restaurant knows what their selling point is: the view of the strip. It is absolutely incredible. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountains, Cosmo hotel, and the big Paris balloon. I had the pleasure of viewing the scene during the daytime and during then night...the view totally transforms before your eyes when the sun sets. Took plenty of pictures. . The tables are quite close together, they want to pack the place up. NOT good for groups, tables are mostly meant for 2-3 people.. Noise level wise, it was louder than I expected, lots of glass clanking and I could hear the kitchen and bar.. . FOOD: The food was quite delicious. I will say it's not the BEST I have ever tasted but it was still delicious all around. (Pictures posted up in pics).. . Pre-appetizer: they give you a little avacado mousseline in a shot glass type. Tasty. And I always appreciate complimentary dishes. The bread guy was really funny. He will come around with a giant bread plate and give you 5 choices of bread. . . Appetizer: got the scallops with ox tail and the quail. Both quite delicious. Quail was better. Scallops were good but I found it interesting that it was in a dark meat sauce (since I associate scallops with lighter sauces).. . Entrees: Got the 7 oz. filet minion and the short ribs. Filet was better probably because the cut of the meat was just better. Though the flavoring was still better than the short ribs. I found the ribs slightly on the dry side. They give you 5 large pieces so definitely worth it. The butter noodles and the veggies that came with it were just OK.. . Side dish: the potato croquettes were really just potato shaped like finger-length sticks and fried. It was very meh, pretty bland.. . Dessert: SOUFFLES. Hands down. Got the chocolate and the pistachio. Pistachio was MUCH MORE delicious. Even the waiter said everyone in the kitchen prefers the Pistachio. GET IT. The chocolate one was not that chocolatey.... . Overall the experience was very unique and nice. The view is not to be replicated anywhere else. Food was good, but as you know, very expensive. You really pay for the view and the experience. . . Oh they'll come take a picture of you and you can buy it for $24. Wasn't worth it for me considering I took plenty of pics on my own. =)
Okay let me start by saying this place is beautiful, romantic place to take a special person for a any occasions. My hubby and I had a beautiful romantic dinner for our anniversary window seat looking at the bellagio fountain. Breath taking people, Jennifer the manager came over an introduce herself to us since she and my hubby exchanged emails regarding the reservation plans. The girls were all delightful, loved the restaurant. Now as much as I loved the service and the ambience's of this place the food was not good to me hubby love ribs an ordered the short rib which was not tasty at all, and I ordered the duck which was ok. Which I could of said better about the food, but I would return for the ambience's and view so worth it people just order steak I guess:-)
This was a last minute decision for a birthday dinner and wow can I say it was amazing. I ordered the short ribs. Perfectly done! The alcohol selection was great and the service at the bar wonderful. It is definitely spendy...but worth the money if you feel like divulging yourself in an expensive meal. Service in general was great and the view from the restaurant was the icing on the cake!
If you take your out-of-town visitors to one place, take them here! I took every visitor stopping through town here and they all said it was one of the most memorable experiences. The restaurant is absolutely amazing! Gorgeous view of the strip and consistently good french food. Reservations are definitely recommended and you must reserve with your credit card information.. . It you don't feel like dropping a lot of $$$ but would still like to experience this gem, just go to the bar area. The views are almost as good as the dining room and you can order small bites and drinks while you watch the Bellagio fountains show. Definitely try the souffles! The pistachio is my favorite!
Got a reservation on the same evening for an amazing table with a grand view of the Bellagio fountain. The sun was setting and it made even more magical!. Warning the price is high but you pay for the view, too;-) . We ordered seafood entrees.  I ordered the Crab Salad. The portion was small for an appy and cost $18 but it was good. As for the entree we ordered, Salmon, Halibut, and Snapper.  They were seasoned well. Unfortunately, the snapper had a couple of small bones and scale. We shared the chocolate souffle for dessert. It was yummmmy!  The service was excellent. There were three servers that took care of us. We felt special!
OK so I have just had to rewrite this review because I remembered a detail about the service.  They do not have chocolate milk on the menu for my little girl.  This is no big deal, and can be easily swapped out for water.  . . However, our waiter took it upon himself to have someone from the kitchen melt milk chocolate and stir it into a glass of milk.  It was the first time, I have seen someone go to such lengths to appease a four year old.  So for this act of excellent service, this place has moved from three to four stars.. . The food was good.  My wife got beef wellington, sorry but it didn't hold a candle to Gordon Ramsay's.  I got a well seasoned, nicely accomplanied piece of fish and my daughter took down an indulgent glass of freahly made chocolate delight to accompany her pasta.. . The view from this place in spectacular but we weren't seated anywhere near a window, and felt it would be rude to go trapsing through someone else's meal to get a nice look out the window.  The view is apparently so nice, that they have employed a theme park style photographer to snap your pic and send you home with a $30 keepsake.  The fact that the place is accessed through an elevator was just incovenient, the fact that it opened up into a fast paced kitchen was offputting.. . If you happen to be at the Paris you have three choices for food in my opinion and in order they are:. . Ramsay. Mon Ami. Eiffel
Took a special person that has not been to Vegas for over 15 years to celebrate his birthday. Wanting to give him a wonderful Vegas dining experience, i sought  assistance in getting a window table at Eiffel Tower with Jennifer, the manager that has been very responsive with yelp reviews. Jennifer gave me an option to book the reservation through opentable. Then, she can make a notation in my reservation to make sure that we get a beautiful table.. . We arrived for our 7:45pm reservation right on the dot since we just barely made it to Vegas from our 4 hours drive. The hostess told us that they would have a nice window table for us if we choose to wait 15-20 min. We chose to do so and had two eiffel tower affairs at the bar while waiting. Keith, the bartender was wonderful and even discussed the ingredients in this wonderful drink which I will attempt at home. . . Since we were having such a great time at the bar, we were not sure if we were sitting there for more than 15 min. Another hostess came to let us know that a window table was available. We were not rushed at all.. When we were ready, that nice hostess took us to our table with a beautiful view. Lee was helping us with our dinner for the night. He was not Valentino that a lot of reviewers had mentioned but he sure was so thorough with the menu and is an expert with all courses. Lee  had the assistance of another nice gentleman that kept our water glasses poured and tasty bread offered several times. . . I already looked at the menus online but gave my companion a chance to look at the menu. I wanted to treat him to a tasting menu with wine pairing which he obliged. I won't go into details of what was on the tasting menu since it's available on the website. . . Overall, the food was very good. Have I had better? Yes, but the experience, the service, and the ambience made it wonderful. I normally don't care too much for lamb but this one  was done nicely, juicy and without that gamy taste. For desert, we chose the pistachios soufflet which Lee recommended and a plate full of different kinds of ice creams. By this time, i was too full already so I've only tasted the soufflet and it was quite good, very fluffy and moist. . . I should also mention that while waiting for our food to arrive, the photographer came and offered a photo with either the Paris sign or the view of the Bellagio fountain. We chose the fountain but i asked her if it would be possible to take it during the water show. As soon as the water show started, she came back and tried several times to make sure we have a nice background. Kudos to her professionalism. . . Overall, we had a nice dinner. Our check came out to be $474.83. While the whole experience/ambience/service is worth it, i can't say the food alone is worth it if it was not the whole experience. Toward the end of the dinner, we saw a lady that went to a table next to us to talk to another couple. I assumed that was Jennifer since the other reviews mentioned that she does stop by. I was hoping that if she did, we will thank her in person for helping us getting a table with a gorgeous view. However, she did not stop by our table so we did not get that chance. . . The whole time we were there, the restaurant was full and it was a week night. All the window tables were always occupied. My companion enjoyed his birthday treat and wanted to visit Vegas again soon.
Surprisingly good burgers here.. . I'd be weary of the mushroom flan, it looks and tastes a little like bacon grease.
I attended a networking event here where primarily cocktails and appetizers were offered. I think most of them were made special for us, because I don't really see anything specific to what I tasted on the menu. But I imagine they were alterations of things that they do actually serve.. . The view from our section of the restaurant was gorgeous. They're serious about their service level. Someone puts you in an elevator and another person escorts you off of it and to your section. No one can come or go unless permitted by the elevator monitors. There were at least 4 individuals constantly circling the room, offering bites, checking for drink orders, and clearing away used dishes. . . My cocktail wasn't great. It was a flavorless Cosmo. But my co-worker got the Berry Champagne. It was pretty delicious, like a Sangria but sparkling. . . Now, the appetizers. OMG DELICIOUS. So, so, so delicious. I definitely made a meal out of them. The goat cheese filled dates, mini lamb burgers, and parmesan bread balls (none of these are probably the correct names) were my favorite. My guess is that the actual menu items are even better. Next time I'm in Vegas, I might have to reserve a table and have a real meal.
The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was very good.  The view of the Bellagio and the fountains is really great.  The service was quick.  I had the French Onion Soup to start and didn't expect it to be creamy, so I was a little skeptical at first, but it ended up being very yummy.  All the flavors were perfect.  For dinner, I had the Filet Mignon and it was good, but it was undercooked.  I asked for medium and it was more medium-rare.  The meat was tender though.  For dessert, I had creme brulee.  It was quite good and a big portion.  Mine was perfectly cooked, but others at my table said their's was a little soupy.  All in all, I would recommend coming here.  The food was delicious and the view was excellent.
This review is long overdue.  I came here with my wife little more than two years ago, a day after we got engaged.  This was our second stop after I proposed to her at The Edison in LA.. . We had the pre-fixe dinner menu which was about $90/person and included amuse bouche, appetizer, entree, and a dessert.  I can't remember everything we ate here but both of us still remember the venison chop with huckleberry reduction sauce and ginger mojito.  Those were some of the best things we ever ate/drank.  The venison was super tender and huckleberry reduction was excellent.  Ginger mojito was the best mojito we ever had.  We both loved the ginger foam at the top.  . . The service was very professional but somewhat stiff, almost corporate.. . Place looks upscale and romantic.  Most of the couples were seated by the window where you can get a nice view of the Bellagio water show.  You definitely need to dress up to dine here.  The decor can be a hit or miss depending on lighting and time of day.  During night it looks quite spectacular, but during the day, it may look like a typical gaudy Vegas decor.
A night to savor with good company, especially of the romantic kind. Overlooks the Strip and the recurring water show below, which partially explains why the Eiffel Tower may push past the price envelope, at times. Or maybe this is just Vegas, done in style. Regardless, when you're here, enjoy yourself and celebrate all things good.. . One reason to come here was the Chef had created Brasserie Jo, in Chicago, one of my favorite places ever.. . Do ask for a window seat when you approach the Hostess stand. Repair at the swanky and luxurious bar as they make your table ready. Take in the room now, because soon you'll be looking out onto the beautiful vista -- as well as at your beautiful dining companion. And when food begins to arrive, you will want to gaze deeply into the works of art that wait demurely on your plates.  . . *Maine Lobster Salad, Watermelon Tartar, Water Chestnuts, Pistachio Vinaigrette is a delightful starter. Fresh, light and substantial all at once.. . * Warm Caesar a la Francaise, Capers, Garlic was not entirely satisfying. Though the Romaine confidently snapped and crunched beautifully, the *warm* part was absent. True, we had the dressing on the side. But the atypical Caesar dressing came room temp at best. My dining companion spotted our salad waiting on a table or stand nearby for several minutes before it got delivered by a backwaiter/busboy. Halfway into the salad we informed our server about the temperature problem. He apologized but made no effortsto remedy the situation there and then, nor later at the time of the bill. . . While debating which entrees to try, I thought our server gilded the lily saying how rare it is to see dishes like Dover Sole and the Beef Wellington on a menu. I saw them both offered at Mon Ami Gabi.. . *Sea Bass, Shaved Asparagus, Quinoa Gallette, Champagne Brown Butter Broth was appreciated by my dining companion -- though I felt it to be far too lemony, and fairly mundane. Adequate, but not thrilling.. . *Boneless Organic Rabbit, Braised Carrots Confits, Mustard Jus, however, I thought was Outstanding! The description relies on the verbal, though, and here our server got it just right. While half the dish is simply (and perfectly), the second part was a a more complex sausage made from the loin mixed with some vegetables -- so flavorful. Highly recommended. The carrots (haha) were delicious too. . . *Chocolate Souffle was a perfect ending. While someone here on Yelp grumbled it was small -- I think it was just right. I love a great Chocolate Souffle and when it's not great, I tell the restaurant there and then. This was great.. . We muddled a bit over wine choices, and our server wasn't a great help. Maybe because they were busy, but we fairly soon enough got a nice visit from the Sommelier who steered us to a lovely White Bordeaux. We began the night with some fun cocktails off the Drink List. And we ended with excellent coffee and a latte.. . We loved the bread selection and the re-appearance of the gent who delivered them. A different guy, alas, dropped my salad utensils on me as they slipped off the plate. Also, when we sat down and were asked about the water, still or sparkling -- it would have been appropriate to mention bottled or not. Not the end of the world, but a teensy bit presumptuous. The not-so-warm Caesar, the bobbling busboy contributed to this being a four not five star review. Still, it was a fabulous dinner.
Great dining experience.  The food is good, but the service is excellent!
This may be the best room in Vegas.  The food is pretty good too.  I had the John Dory with roasted veg. and veal jus.  It was very good. Service is awesome as is everything else about this place.  Bring a bankroll though.  They're not afraid to charge a price.
A restaurant with great food, great service and a view of Bellagio's fountain show (or other parts of the Strip). Definitely a nice place to have dinner with somebody special. You will not be disappointed.
This place was recommended to me by a friend the first time I went to Vegas and was not able to go. On my recent trip to Vegas I definitely had to go. We made our reservations for dinner early while we strolled through the casino. The woman made it very clear that there was a dress code. We arrived for dinner 30 minutes before our reservation but were seated anyways. I couldn't believe the view its breath taking. Between all the Vegas lights and the Bellagio fountain show about every half hour I was mesmerized. When the menu came I was very intimidated and surprised at how small it was. The prices were very up there. This is the most expensive restaurant I have ever been to in my whole entire life I'm not much of a food critic. I ordered the filet mignon in the bearnaise sauce with the spinach and mushroom, the waiter did an excellent job answering my questions and helping me choose a wine. My boyfriend ordered the flatiron steak. We received an asparagus mousse compliments of the chef which I thought was very sweet I'm not sure if they do this for everyone. The food is a decent amount and all of it was delicious nothing out of this world though. I recommend it for a romantic intimate dinner a man even proposed to his wife while we were there (she said yes) it really was one of the most amazing views. The check came out to about $200 including tip. For the money I feel like we could've gone to another swanky Vegas restaurant and gotten a better dinner but it's just one of those things you have to experience. I was scared of a snotty establishment but the staff were all sweet and helpful.
If you can't make it to the real deal, then the next best experience is this restaurant. Nestled in the heart of the strip with an unparalleled view of the strip, this is THE most romantic dining experience you will have in Vegas. The elevator trip up builds the anticipation of dining in the tower. The atmosphere is elegant and warm. We had a view of the fountain show at the Bellagio. The food is amazing but bring your appetite because you're definitely going to want to wine and dine and indulge with dessert. The waiter prepared a special dessert for our celebration as a surprise and the chocolate mousse was exquisite. The ET offers a truly posh night out with a French twist.
1. restaurant  the staff ...very nice.. 2. the downstairs staff very nice, but not very useful.. 3. food was made quickly. 4. food was great!. 5. the view was awesome..we could see the fountains and the sunset.. 6. great for anniversary. 7. very expensive!. . results: wife loved it.
My fiance booked a table at the Eiffel Tower restaurant last Sunday for a very important occasion--he was proposing! If you want to snag on of the fabulous window tables with the gorgeous view of the strip, they will only guarantee those table for reservations before 6pm. Otherwise it's fist come, first served.. . Our reservation was at 6:30, and they were able to seat us by the window on a Sunday night. We started the meal with a strawberry basil mojito. It was pretty delicious except it was served with a metal straw, which gave it a slightly metallic taste. We opted to try the tasting menu at $98 per person to try a little bit of everything.. . Honestly, I will agree with some of the other reviewers that the best part of this experience is not the food. However, my favorite part of the meal was the oyster in the amuse-bouche with caviar on it. Also, their baguette bread was actually excellent and probably the best I've had outside of Paris. Have some! The Maine lobster salad and the rack of lamb were tasty, but the corn soup and the halibut were sub-par. . . For dessert we ordered the caramel souffle and the passion fruit meringue with champagne sauce. My fiance proposed right before dessert came out and he was able to pull it off discretely without causing a big scene luckily. Although all the tables by the window are very close to each other, facing out onto the Bellagio fountains made the experience more private and intimate. I was too overwhelmed to eat much of the dessert, but the little bit I had didn't blow me away at all.. . The only people to really noticed we got engaged were the couple next to us who generously sent over two glasses of champagne for us since they were on honeymoon. The restaurant did absolutely nothing for us to congratulate us, which was a bit of a disappointment for me. I heard a statistic that 300 couples get married in Vegas every day, but these are still very special moments for people that should be treated as such.. . Overall, this is a nice place to go to for a special occasion but I would not recommend splurging on the tasting menu. Go for the view and the bread!
Great view. Really Good not great food. Fun place. make a few memories of your own.. I have dined here maybe 4-5 times. Consistently good. Enjoy. Just remember it is in Vegas and a tourist thing.
Absolutely amazing view.  The place is gorgeous and the food was delicious.  Waiters were extremely polite, and they bring you complimentary tasting samples for free--bruschetta and truffles!. . Had the grand marnier souffle--heaven.. . Prices were high (around $45 for a typical entree that doesn't include any sides), but it was definitely expected for a place like this.
3.75 stars.. . Beautiful panoramic views of the strip from this glass walled upscale eatery located in the Paris.. . Take the elevator up to the open kitchen then be seated in the multi-level dining room.  James was our expert server this evening, and he did a nice job tending to a table of eight.. . Food was very good, but not unbelievable.  Vegas prices set the expectations bar high for most of us, and that bar simply wasn't achieved.. . We were greeted by a nice little amuse bouche of cauliflower, a surprise that was both tasty and welcome.  A bread selection was offered and along with soft butter was a crusty treat.  I liked the rustic variety.. . Appys:  The Maine Lobster Salad with Roasted Butternut Squash, Wilted Kale and Old Cider Vinaigrette was tasty enough, albeit a small portion for $24.  The Cold Smoked Salmon with Classic Condiments was very good at $19 and more substantial than the lobster.. . Entrees:  James told us a story about the Duke of Wellington and Napolean that prompted an order of the Beef Wellington.  The preparation was classic, though without the liver pate.  Actually that is the way my fellow diner preferred it, and the dish came out perfectly prepared, medium rare and delicious.. . Two others, including myself, ordered the short ribs which were underwhelming.  Four small bits of beef were accompanied by several baby carrots and three baby onions.  The brown sauce adorning the plate was a little too forward for my taste and quite a bit different from what we are used to eating in most establishments.  I want to say it was vinegar-ey, but I really am not sure what the unique flavor I tasted was.  I miss my Cafe 14 in Agoura Hills' short ribs!!!. . Dessert included a caramel souffle which, too, was underwhelming.  Flavor was very light, even with the requisite caramel sauce.  If you go for the souffle I would recommend the chocolate variety.. . We are used to paying Vegas prices, but although the Eiffel Tower had great vistas and good service, the value equation wasn't there at these high prices.  C'est la vie!
Five stars for the waiter we had...he was completely awesome. Also, the view we had was fantastic, it was facing the Belagio fountains.  As far as the food, not a fan.  I had the Salmon and it was very mushy.  I think it is a little over priced, 4 people and no cocktails, $250.00.  I am glad to have gone once, wouldn't go back because the food.
Great view, great service and great food!. . We came here for my dad's birthday and fortunately for me I packed an evening dress and heels. Not so good for my dad lol. He forgot to bring a jacket and apparently this restaurant likes to keep that "high class" feel going. They even lent him a jacket to wear for the entire dinner. I find that somewhat funny but at least they didn't turn him away right?. . Looking at the menu, it took me back when I was at the Space Needle for dinner. Everything sounded so amazing yet so pricey! I can admit it, I can be fairly cheap sometimes BUT I do however think amazing foods come at a fair price.. . With that said.. I order the roasted rabbit, no appetizer or salad. They served us asparagus soup  and bread to begin with so I didn't want to stuff my face too much. Gotta save room for dessert! Having rabbit is new to me and as much as I wanted lamb I also like to try new things even more so. The meat was so delicate, much more so than lamb but just as delicious. With the sauce and vegetables served along the rabbit, everything fell into place. My mouth certainly was having a taste bud orgasm.. . For dessert, I ordered the pistachio souffle which our server had informed us about in the beginning since it takes about 45 minutes to prepare. Souffle? Yum. Pistachio? YES PLEASE! So how was it you ask? Blissful. I was literally in heaven. Subtle sweet gooeyness and fluffiness... Oh, and it was humongous! I probably could have devoured it all by myself but I was nice enough to share sincethere was definitely more than enough.. . Exceptional service of course. Our server was very friendly and informative. The ambiance is very intimate with an outstanding view of the water fountains at The Bellagio. It was a nice experience and worth it but man was I happy to take off my heels after wards! The strip is not friendly to feet in heels at all.
Don't miss this one.  The setting is so similar to the real one down to the smallish quarters and open kitchen.  The service is impeccable.  I ordered coffee with dessert and had taken out a small amount of the sugar packet to taste.  It wasn't enough but when I went to add more, the packet had already been cleared from the table top without my realizing. . . The mushroom soup was fabulous.  You cannot ruin fois gras and its nice to see it on the menu.  The lamb chops were as tender and tasty as any I've ever had,  while the Wellington wasn't the best I've had it was so nice to see there.  Souffle for dessert, a view of the Bellagio fountains.  An amazing evening without fault.
Really nice view. The waiter was really sweet, flirted a couple of times :) I had a tomato Salad which melted right on my mouth. For main I had Aged Parmesan crusted chicken w/ potato gratin, vegetables, it was delicious. Romantic place.
Some friends wanted to take me out to a nice dinner in LV and asked me for suggestions, having been at Eiffel Tower a few times in the past, I recommended it. . Atmosphere is nice and service is very good.   Views of the strip and the Bellagio fountains are also very nice.  This restaurant is on the pricey side, even for Las Vegas, so be prepared to spend.. . Now, the food.   The menu is a meat lover's delight with only one veg option available, and steaks start at about $75 and $56 for a filet.   I ordered the filet in the red wine reduction and have to say it was very good, albeit a little over-done.  The salad as my start was great and fresh, as was the bread and even the butter.  They usually comp a small chef's sampling and our group was treated to a smaller shot of a cauliflower foam - also outstanding. . . The wine list is expansive and expensive, mark ups seem higher than most other LV premium restaurants. . . I liked the food and would go 5* here if the prices were more down to earth.
I've been here for brunch as well as for dinner and had 2 wonderful experiences.  Except for the fact that they made me wear one of their over-sized blazers.  My nice, long sleeve, tapered, crew shirt lacked a collar.  I just think it's ridiculous that the guy in the Under Armor coaches shirt, flimsy collar and protruding belly included, could lounge about in this nice restaurant blazer free.  A little discretion from the hostess' when it comes to doling out the scarlet jacket would be nice.  . . Now, back to the wonderful experiences.  First, call ahead and reserve a table at the windows with a fountain view.  It's the best view on the strip and a perfect place for a romantic dinner.  This is a must.. . Choosing a entree was difficult.  They have an excellent Chef, and their menu is fantastic, but at the end of it, I had been craving a steak all day, and ordered the filet.  It was the best steak I ever had!  And I eat a lot of red meat.  For desert?  Creme brulee; a perfect way to end the meal.. . I'll be back!
Was there a couple of weeks ago to celebrate her 21st bday!!!. She surprised me by saying we were heading here for dinner.  . . The atmosphere and food was awesome.  . The souffle was awesome.. They did help celebrate her BDAY with an extra dessert surprise.. The ambience and view made the price worthwhile...and the food was the kicker.. . The only thing that we had issue was with a/c that was blowing right over us...so at the end of the dinner..we were pretty cold.
Service, atmosphere and food are all excellent.  Would return again.  Beef Wellington was superb.
While waiting for out dinner reservations elsewhere we decided to head up here for a drink.. . Great choice, the view amazing the service nice and the bartender was attentive and cute.  . . Again the view is amazing!  Next time I will have to try the food.
Well I just have to say that while at the height of my event's chosen venue years ago, red interior motif cozied up with the satisfactory service, tasteful cuisine and a spectacular view overlooking the famed Bellagio Fountains and the Las Vegas 'Strip' of which the view was a gratification in the elevated area for the private party. Upon initial tour of the venue by the ever gracious event hostess who showed me around the restaurant and the cuisine art room (my very own preferred reference to any "kitchen") prior to booking the date of event, I was informed of a table that just may leave you breathlessly full of romance and love...a table for two, that is for the romantic in each of us... Alas, it is mentioned in a recent February 2013 article http://www.yellowpages.com/news/food-dining/six-romantic-tables-for-date-night/table-56-at-eiffel-tower-restaurant/#gallery-article Be surely fall in love, your hearts a-flutter and St. Valentine wouldsure be elated, ooohlala. Whether or not you dine by your self, with someone special, with friends or a much bigger company to entertain, it exudes Amour!
Overall a great experience at this restaurant. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. The view, should you have a window seat (we didn't), is amazing and overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Minus 1 star because I felt the restaurant was quite loud and because 2 of the dishes we had tasted slightly under-seasoned. The cold potato soup they serve as a starter is absolutely amazing, and the filet mignon put the other entrees to shame. We had a pistachio souffle for dessert, which was good but tasted a little bitter.. . I really enjoyed my meal here and would come back again, although next time I will make sure we have a window seat!
Been here twice. The dinner service was formal and elegant. Lunch was more relaxed, but very nice. I was expecting more of a tourist attraction type of dining, but it really is fine dining. My lamb was cooked perfectly and my martini was perfect.
We went to this restaurant for our 10 year anniversary. It is a hype restaurant and it comes with everything you'd expect in an expensive, centrally located restaurant with a theme. . The view of the Bellagio fountains is very cool and definitely enhances your overall dining experience but it does come with a price tag.. We had the seafood appetizer which was beautifully presented and very tasty. The main course was good but not the best I've had (I went for steak and my husband ordered pheasant), and then we had souffle for dessert. Plus, a bottle of wine to top the bill. . The souffle was good and the selection of flavors is overwhelming. It does take 40 minutes to make so I highly recommend ordering in advance - unless you are planning to spend 3 hours dining. . You can get a picture taken and printed out ($24) and you can geta rose for your date on your way back from the bathroom (at least, that's what my husband did). . It's romantic and very nice, with good service and a pleasant view. . But there's one thing it's not... and that is it is not the best restaurant in Vegas.
The best part about this restaurant is the ambiance and the view of the Bellagio Fountains. Luckily we were able to get a seat by the window with an amazing view and I was mesmerized by the fountains. Being my first time in Las Vegas I am glad I went, but next time I am in Vegas I doubt I will go to ETR. Not saying I won't go back ever, just wasn't as blown away by the food as I was expecting. I have mixed feelings about the staff. They were polite and attentive, but there were times I felt they were a bit snobby and not accommodating. The host at the front of the house annoyed me at the beginning - we were about 5 minutes late for our reservation, our fault I realize, but they made us wait about 30 minutes. The host was not extremely helpful trying to make me feel better about this and made it worse by how much he referred to us being late. I mean yes we were late, but 5 minutes? Anyway, once we finally got our table with such an awesome view I was very happy and in a great mood. We had several questions about the wine selection which seemed to annoy our server. Otherwise, the service was fine just not the best I've had at fine dining establishments. For the price I was expecting stellar service and food. My boyfriend and I have been to some great fine dining French restaurants (The French Room in Dallas being our favorite). For two people, we ended up spending just over $200.. . With all that said, the food was very good and overall our night was very enjoyable. If I return to Las Vegas with someone who hasn't been to Vegas before, I would go back to ETR for the ambiance. If bf and I return within the next couple of years, we will go elsewhere.
We got there about 15 minutes early. We were in a hurry because we had to go to see the show Zarkana and we were hoping to go upstairs to see the view from the top after dinner. Even though the restaurant was pretty empty because it was about 5 o'clock, we were still asked to wait until our reservation at 5:15, which was fine but annoying because it was empty. . We got seated and the waitress came around and we were escorted to our seats, which overlooked the bellagio fountain. We were given our choice of bread, which was delicious and a sample of soup. That was nice too. . When we were looking at the menu, there was something I had a question about. When I asked, she talked to me like I was a moron. Lady, I'm in pharmacy school NOT a 2 year old. That kind of annoyed me. Anyways we ordered our food and that was delicious. My friend got the veal medallions and I can't remember the name of what I got. they were both great though! .  I felt like the man who was offering bread checked back with us about the food more often than the waitress did. Anyways we had told her in the beginning that we were pressed for time and we told her we didn't want dessert and requested the check. She brought over the check and told us to enjoy the show. We had about 20 minutes to spare before we would have to head over to the show and thought we would be able to make it to the roof top, BUT she didn't even come back after we waited around for 10 minutes. We asked the man that was serving the bread to get her and finally we could leave. Unfortunately it was too late and we couldn't go to the top. It was pretty annoying, if she knew we are pressed for time then she should have grabbed the checkbook from us right away. . . Bottom line: Food = excellent, waitstaff = ehh not my fave.
Good food & great view. My husband and I went to the Eiffel Tower to celebrate our anniversary. Although we enjoyed the food, he had the beef Wellington, & I had the short ribs, I honestly thought it could have been better for what it cost.  The short ribs were a little dry.. . The best thing about the meals: dessert. I had the chocolate souffle, & my husband had the pistachio. They were both great. Yummy!. . It's worth going for the experience, but I wouldn't go back again.
The view of the Bellagio fountains was amazing. For the kind of money it cost, the should have been delicious and it most definitely was. This is a great place to take a visitor, even a special occasion, but there are so many nice restaurants I personally don't think I will go back to this one.
Oh my gosh. This place was good. BUT EXPENSIVE. . . I've never paid $18.00 for a 4 ounce cocktail. Golly. It was good but not enough. Service was good although our server could have tried to smile a little more. The bread was endless and being a sucker for bread, I probably ate more than I should have. We both had a salad which was actually a pretty decent size for the price. There was only one vegetarian entree on the menu (the crepe) and it was excellent. . . We had to go see a show and sadly didn't have time to wait for the souffle. We had the chocolate cake which definitely hit the spot. . . Our bill was just over $200 for a cocktail, a glass of wine, two salads, two entrees and one shared dessert. Absolutely worth the splurge. We didn't get to enjoy the view as we sat inside but it was for sure one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas.
Got reservation here for my family for a Saturday night. Arrived 20 minutes late and they had no issues. They sat us down within 5 minutes. Their food selection was pretty good. I had the steak. I was not that hungry so ate only half. Wished I could take home the rest, but I was staying at a hotel, so that was not an option. The view is pretty good if you are on the strip side. A bit pricey but that's what you get when you are in Vegas and want quality food. It's a bit of a trendy restuarant, so dressing nice is recommended. Good for taking out your date or if you are a tourist.
Good food, but you are paying for the view of the Bellagio.  Go at night and try to get a table near the windows to watch the Bellagio fountains.
First, this is not a place for a quick good meal. This is an upscale restaurant that has a very nice upscale vib with great views of the the strip and the fountains at the Bellagio. I was amazed that even here, they allow the Vegas slob wear that is so prevalent in Las Vegas. We went here before a show and dressed accordingly for a nice upscale restaurant, and found that over half of the patrons were in slob wear. Certainly takes away from the experience. The service was impeccable, the food was very good, the view was great, the prices were extremely high, as is most of the nice restaurants in the Las Vegas area. For a dinner for two with two glasses of wine with tip was $250. There were several people using some type of dinner promotion here they were limited to a short menu and predetermined items, that was a lot cheaper, so this is one option to consider. We enjoyed our dinner as we were celebrating 40 years of marriage, but we would probably not go back due to the unrealistic pricing. This is by far the most expensive meal that we have ever had for the two of us.
Came here with five other people. We all enjoyed but were not blown away with the restaurant, so I gave it four stars.. . Firstly, the view is beautiful. Maybe come here on one of your first nights in Las Vegas, especially if you are not staying in or near the Bellagio/Paris (we stayed in the Paris hotel). If you are always around the fountains, they do get old after awhile. But then again, it's a different, more grand vantage point to enjoy them from.. . We didn't take advantage but if you have an early 5:00 pm dinner, they will seat you at a window immediately. This is probably because Las Vegas diners come out pretty late for dinner and dining rooms are pretty empty until 7 p.m. hits.. . The service is not particularly friendly, but I'm never really impressed by overly enthusiastic waiters anyway, so that was fine by me. One exception was the server who came around with bread. He was so enthusiastic about his bread. Lol. Great guy. . . My husband and I both had the filet mignon with truffle sauce. It arrived...warmish, not hot. We had to remind the server we also had the truffle sauce, which came in a separate sauce boat. It arrived after the reminder. And we also didn't get proper steak knifes, which took away from the experience a little bit. . . The other people at the table liked their dishes, the bread, etc. My father in law ordered the veal medallions but a big hunk of lamb chop was placed in front of him. He alerted the server to the error but the server tried to pass off the lamb chop as "better" and acted surprised when my FIl still insisted on the veal medallions. That was odd. He later apologized for the mistake but it was still an odd way to handle the situation.. . We ordered dessert souffles (caramel for hubby and I, strawberry for the other two couples) and it was a truly exceptional souffle which made up for the other mistakes at the meal. I would highly recommend!. . The mistakes not withstanding, the restaurant is great for a romantic dinner. It could use a little more polish considering the pricing, but the ambiance makes up for all of that.
Went here with my boyfriend a few nights ago for our anniversary and my first thought was, "This place is so fancy!" They even have a dress code and views in this place were incredible! We had a reservation but was asked if we wanted to wait a few minutes for a window table, of course we said yes and headed to the bar. The nice bartender made us a couple of amazing (expensive) drinks and then our table was ready. . . Okay even though this place is super expensive I truly believe the view we had totally made up for it. Our table was right in front of the Bellagio water show! Super romantic and perfect for the occasion. . . The food was pretty good, had the pork belly appetizer and we both got the veal medallions. It was tasty but I was still kinda hungry after....  its fine dining so I expected high prices for small portions. The staff (hostesses, bartender, server, busser) were all wonderful. . . Overall this is a very good place to impress your date or for a special occasion but if you just want some really good french food on the strip I would say to go try Bouchon in Venetian.
REVIEW JUST FOR COCKTAILS:. . I was in Vegas with my wife and another couple we know in November 2012, and we decided to grab cocktails at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant bar in the late afternoon.  While the cocktails were pricey, the view rocked as did the drinks.  The French Martini ($16)  was outstanding as was the Vesper ($18)and New Wave ($18).  Our server, Molly, did a great job.  . . I can't attest ot the food, but for a cocktail and a chill session, this place is great!
Spendy but the views are stunning, especially if you're lucky enough to get a table facing the Bellagio and it's spectacular fountain show.  The food was good but not worth the money by itself.  We loved the chocolate souffle and the creme broulee.. Oh, men need to wear long pants.  We didn't know that and they let us borrow a pair.
Yes, it is expensive. You are fine dining while perched eleven floors up overlooking the heart of Strip (including every lady's favorite: the Bellagio fountains). Get over it. I was a bit perturbed that you can only secure a widow table via a reservation that is at 5:30 or earlier, but luckily we got one nonetheless. And what a table! As far as a date night, you would be hard pressed to find a better table. The service was very attentive and personable, but I had a major hang-up here. Unless something is jumping out at me, I often rely on the server's opinion and suggestions. It always irks me when the server finds the most expensive option (or close to it) to recommend, and that is what happened here at every step. I realize that it just may be the case that the most expensive everything is the best, but I find it rather unlikely and have been to many 'o joints were this is not the case. The scallop appetizer was outstanding, as were the lamb chops. I did not care for either of the sides (mushroom spaetzle & potatoes gratin), but everything else was great. After reading on how many people harped on the price, I was pleasantly surprised with my visit here and would consider it again for a special night out.
My girlfriend and I went here for dinner. I was worried that it would be too touristy but left quite pleased. I was nervous about small portions but that was not the case. The food was good but slightly overpriced. Standouts were the lyonnaise salad and grand mariner souffle. The service was amazing. Our waitress Michelle and the sommelier was very nice and helpful. They really helped make the meal. I am taking off half a star for the prices and another half for the dress code policy. I was really disappointed that they didn't enforce the dress code. People were there in t shirts and jean which took away from the ambiance a bit.
This was the perfect restaurant for our big night out. The wife and I had an amazing time here. I am from Las Vegas but never get use to how breath taking the lights can be. The view of the Bellagio fountainshere are amazing. The food from appetizers to main course were spectacular.  The carmel souffle was spot on. It would also like to say that our waiter was very knowledgable of the cuisine and always there for us. It was worth the money for such an important night.
A great spot for a romantic treat.  The views of the strip are spectacular if you can get seated along the windows, which we were.  Service was impeccable and very friendly - none of the stuffiness that fancy French places sometimes seem to think adds to the experience.  We were treated to a delicious little creamy corn soup amuse-bouche - ooh lala!  The wine was very good and a nice selection of by-the-glass choices.  We both had the petite filet, and both were excellent.  And we ordered the souffle, which was mouth-watering and timed perfectly to the end of the meal.  The only hiccup was a rather difficult-to-deal-with ceasar salad that we split.  The dressing was okay, but quite oily, and since the romaine was served in the "traditional" un-chopped style, it ended up just being a pain.  But overall we were really pleased with the meal and felt it was worth the (very large) bill.
A grand entrance from the Paris Hotel casino, up a private elevator to the restaurant.  We stopped for a drink at the bar while they prepared a table for us by the window.  A window seat here is worth the wait, with views overlooking the Bellagio fountains that I really never get tired of watching. . Service from our waiter was professional, but not warm nor inviting. . Apps: Seared sea scallops were great. Forget what else was ordered.. Entrees: Liked the Dover sole, loved the Beef Wellington, which was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.. Dessert: Highly recommend trying a souffle...amazing.. . A nice, romantic restaurant that I would recommend trying.
Spectacular  view. . Food tasted good and was nicely presented.  However, I'm sure foodies will appreciate it more than I did.. Staff was professional, wait staff was knowledgeable.. . Very Pricey!  Expect to end up paying $150 to $200 per person.
Great, great food.  Came here for our second night celebrating our anniversary in Vegas.  Food was amazing, service was even better.  We were seated by the windows overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  This is such a great view.  If this view is offered, don't hesitate, you won't regret it!. I ordered the escargot for my appetizer (delicious but I have had better elsewhere), and the lamb chops for my entree.  The lamb chops were cooked medium and literally melted in my mouth.  Awesome flavor and very well cooked.  My husband ordered the NY strip steak and he loved his steak also.  For dessert we were presented with a chocolate dessert from the chef with a happy anniversary message written on the plate.  It was a very nice gesture! We also ordered the grand marnier souffle, which was just plain good.  . Overall:  The restaurant was a bit pricey, but we knew we were going to spend quite a bit of cash when it came to our anniversary dinner.  This was not a problem.  And in my opinion, with the beautiful view, delicious food and impeccable service, we decided it was money well spent.
Made reservations for sunset and were seated along the window overlooking the fountains. Perfection! . We had the tasting menu with a pairing and thought it was very good. Great wines, too. Service is impeccable. Highly recommend for a special occasion. . * dress code didn't seem to be enforced too much. Quite the variety.
I am tore between a 3 and half star and a 4 but I rounded up.. . The view was incredible but I rather just upgrade my room for the the same view. . . Food was ok and not the best steak I have had but decent.. . Expensive- but you are on the strip and you are paying for the view
Very nice atmosphere.  The server is not very attentive but i think that it is good in a way since, I would like to apend time enjoying the atmosphere and the nice view of the Bellagio's fountain.  I ordered a cream of corn soup, which is really good.  Got the duck breast as the main entry and that didn't disappoint me either.  Overall, great atmosphere and great food for fine dining.
Food: pretty common, nothing over the top but all in all very decent. American versions of French food. Everything was cooked well, tasted great, but no imagination and as I've read in other reviews it is in fact fairly pedestrian. I'd give the food a 2.5-3 stars. For the prices, the food is entirely average. . . Experience: That said you go to this restaurant because of the amazing views of the Las Vegas strip. It is truly out of this world. You have a full view of all the lights of Vegas and  directly overlook the Bellagio fountain show which is quite frankly incredible!!  The service was good/great and the drinks were delicious. The price tag is high but in my opinion that's to be expected in Vegas especially with a view like this... It's the best view in Vegas which makes up for the caliber of food.. . I will go back. . . Overall
We had an early dinner before an early show, and enjoyed a window seat with views of the Bellagio fountain.  Dinner was very good, with a nice selection on the menu.  Our party of 4 had filet mignon, duck, lamb and fish and all dishes were enjoyed.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Called on Tuesday for a special occasion on Friday. Briefly explained to reservation-taker that I was surprising my husband for lunch on his 50th birthday and would like a table with an excellent view. . . When we arrived, we were greeted by name (?) even though we'd never been there before, and since we were a few minutes early were asked to wait. Other couples came in, each celebrating something: birthdays and engagements. I was concerned that my husband's birthday would be just another ho hum event and that we'd be left in the dust. But no.. . Service was stellar. Lunch menu was varied and food was tasty. Portion sizes were perfect: not the usual Vegas-strip-enormous sized plates but servings we could actually finish. . . We ordered two desserts to share which I completely recommend: creme brulee and apple streudel with cinnamon ice cream, (both ridiculously delish) and afterwards, the waiter brought out a lovely chocolate mousse on a white plate which had written in chocolate "Happy Birthday."  Couldn't have asked for a lovelier lunch in all of Las Vegas.. . One thing you need to know if you're going at lunch time is that the Bellaggio Fountains don't start until 3 pm on weekdays so you won't see that. Totally not the restaurant's fault! But you might want to know so you can reserve at dinnertime if you'd prefer.
I had he slow roasted fillet of pacific salmon w pinot noir sauce.  It was fantabulous!  I enjoyed this restaurant as it had beautiful views of the Bellagio fountain displays.
Absolutely beautiful view especially when Bellagio fountains go on..... Service was very professional . . Food was average ..... Nothing special or spectacular .... Souffle was just ok ....
well worth it! great views!
There really couldn't have been a better 'moment of truth' than when the elevator opened up to an immaculate kitchen with the brigade prepping, firing, and plating all the decedent entrees. This set the tone for the dining experience.. . Unfortunately I wasn't here to have dinner. I had just met up with my former casino professor turned good friend, and we were thirsty. . . We sat at the bar in a way where we could overlook the LV Boulevard and the Bellagio fountains. As many of the other reviews state, the view is exceptional. A perfect date spot with that special someone. However, we were here to get lit. He started with some gin martini, I went for the manhattan on the rocks. At $20 a pop it doesn't come cheap, but if you were to imagine the perfect manhattan, this would surely be it. After a couple drinks each we were feeling all warm and fuzzy.. . We ordered the French cheese board and crab salad to hold us over. The cheeses were phenomenal! I don't recall exactly what cheeses they were, but they covered a broad spectrum of cheeses. From bold and pungent, to creamy and luscious. The bartender also supplied us with plenty of extra crostinis to accompany our cheeses. We also had the crab salad. The crab was so sweet and wrapped in thinly sliced cucumbers, and surrounded by a small bed of greens. Definitely not filling at all, but a nice treat.. . Overall a good experience. Pricey, but worth it. Bon appetit!
Great food, incredible view, excellent service. What more could you ask for. We've done the prix fix many times and just ordering off the regular menu is great too. Can't go wrong for a special occasion dinner here.
