A very beautiful casino resort. I thought the design was amazing. The sparkle and shine from the newest resort on the strip was cool.. . One major drawback of the hotel was the escalator set-up in the restaurant/shopping levels. I noticed that there is only one escalator leading each way to every level. So if one escalator malfunctions, everyone must wait for an elevator. Since this happened to us, I can tell you that we became impatient and frustrated.. . Many reviewers made some comments about the Chandelier Room already. One thing I noticed about the Chandelier Room is that the crystals aren't actually crystals. I touched some of the crystals, which turned out to be plastic. It was somewhat of a let down. Oh well.. . Overall, this casino resort is worth a visit.
holy shit, this place is sooooo nice!! i love the decor, its all very sparkly and modern. lots and lots of chandeliers. any of the staff that we interacted with were very friendly. can't say much about the rooms because my friends and i just came in to check it out on nye. i would definitely love to come back and check out some of the restaurants and the new club here. =)
Great hotel/casino designed for adults. While still working out a few kinks at the buffet (had to ask for spoons and computers went down for a time while we were in line) by far the best dining experience we had in Vegas. Features smaller portions that are just right for two to share, many items we hadn't tried (and we are total foodies) and was upscale. Server called us by name and was well worth the few extra dollars at dinner.
The Cosmo is better than average, but not the best. We were facing the strip with a side suite wrap around. Because the Cosmo was designed to be sold off as condo units, it definitely has the feel of being a condo. The fridge, the wine glasses, the stove, etc. . . It is definitely a bachelor's pad. Pimp room, small living room, and an amazing mini-bar.. . What I really hate about the Cosmo are the rugs. They're not attractive at all; what's worse are that they create an INSANE amount of static. If you walk around for 5 seconds and then touch the door knob, your finger shocks strongly.
Customer service, customer service, customer service! Please improve on your customer service.. . Cosmopolitan is a fancy and luxurious hotel to stay in. We were there for their nye celebration as well as the jayz/coldplay/kanyewest/beyonce concert. We were impressed by the facility. Chic hotel room with a terrace. Design is unique, which we definitely enjoyed. Spacious room with retro furniture and detailed finishing touches. Friendly, cute staff everywhere. Very quality mini bar selections. Love their Bigelow bathroom products. However, there're bounds to be couple of bumps and misses when they are new. I believe it is not because the staff is not concern, they just do not know what to do and where to go for assistance when things do not go as smoothly as their training had taught them. It takes some patience with the staff around this hotel. . . We enjoyed the chandelier bars, book/stage bars, the restaurants, especially STK, pizza place and the Wicked Spoon buffet. The art pieces around the hotel were spectacular and nice to look at. It actually looks bigger in the inside especially when you're walking on 2nd/3rd/4th floor. The change images at the lobby is amazing. The pools were amazing especially the Boulevard pool facing the strip. You should definitely check out the Sahra Spa and schedule a massage. You will be taken to a whole new relaxing experience at this spa. . . If you enjoy being around trendy, beautiful people, quality/detailed decor and fancy looking bars/rooms and at the same time have the patience for customer service, then you must at least come check out this hotel!
There is an amazing energy that radiates from The Cosmopolitan. I feel myself migrate towards it and wanting to bask in its beauty. . . This is young Las Vegas...simply put. . . This is the cool, hip, sleek style of the Rat Pack's Las Vegas but translated into the cool, hip, sleek style that is today's Las Vegas. We run this town. . . The decor is not cheesy, it is simple and fantastic at the same time. As you walk into the elevators from the garage to the main levels of the casino you're greeted with a flat screen and koi fishes. Then you get blown away by the chandeliers, as if you're inside one yourself. On the lower level of the casino, near the entrance off of Harmon you'll find large columns of art displayed on large screens (my guess lcd?) A 360 of screens on 8 or so columns. Just simply breathtaking and amazing. I think it is the most novel idea I've ever seen inside of a building. In passing, I thought they were just painted columns. But about an hour later, I come through the same foyer and bam a new piece of art is rotating on the screens. I'm blown away from the idea. The images are so crisp and clean, I want these in my home...hah.  . . I also love the acoustics in the casino. Music plays from a DJ booth by the bar. The bar serves their House Cosmopolitan, I thought, what a cheesy idea, drinking a Cosmo at the Cosmopolitan but my friend insisted. It was delicious. Pink with a berry or three in the middle. Tart and strong. Far more different from your ordinary Cosmo. Nothing girly about it at all *wink*. But I say definitely give it a try as cheesy as it sounds. . . This is definitely my favorite hotel and casino off the strip by far. I say go here...you would never think of coming here based on its architecture but I love it for its atmosphere and appeal for my senses.
COOOOSSSMMMMOOOO!!. . Nails done, hair done, everythaaaang did!!. . Brand spankin new hotel that just opened up last month. We were here for NYE and wanted a glimpse of the new stylish hotel. The moment you walk in the first thing to say is "WOW". . There's soo much going on! Tons of gems hanging and a bunch of the tables are surrounded by beads? I don't know it just looks freakin' awesome. Even the elevators are dope! it's clear! :]. . If you have time, definitely come stop by and take a look.
It's definitely a nice hotel, impressive in many ways.  The rooms are nice, brand new, and... they have a balcony - unbelievable for Vegas.  I travel a lot, and I am pretty spoiled when it comes to hotel so the rooms are nice but I am not as impressed as some other reviews.. . Now the cons... the service is not all that great. Small details that irritated me.  I left my laundry bag on the bed like I would do anywhere else, but the room service didn't pick it up.  I tried to call the room service and the bell desk 3 times at 11pm and waited for over 3 minutes each time... no answer.  That's pretty bad for this type of hotel. The shampoo and conditioner bottle were not replaced, not even thrown away. Only one bottle of water in the room, but 20 bottles of booze.  As I said, little details that add up.
I attended the grand opening on December 15th and although there were tons of protesters and news channels lined up front, it didn't deter us from getting a glimpse of the Cosmo. Like many others have mentioned, this hotel is very classy and sexy. It did a great job of differentiating itself from all the other hotels on the strip. The hotel itself caters to a younger crowd and reminds me of the LA/New York scene which I love. They are also the only hotel on the strip to have balconies in the rooms which offer guests magnificent views! The marketing department is also great and also reminds me of Hollywood because they are doing a great job in regards to their P.R. On the 15th they had Brandon Flowers of the Killers fame perform a private performance in the pool area. But, nothing can top NYE at the Cosmopolitan. I was one of the lucky guests that was able to enjoy the private Coldplay/Jay-Z concert that they threw in the hotel to ring in the New Year. This was an invite only event and tons of celebrities were in attendance. Not only that, but there were also impromptu performances by Beyonce and Kanye West!! Rihanna also showed up to the VIP room inside Marquee later on in the night (the newest nightclub in Vegas located inside the Cosmopolitan) and performed "What's My Name." Overall, the Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel that sure knows how to a party! If you want a different experience from the usual hotels on the Strip then make sure to stay here. Don't let its location next to the City Center throw you off, just view it as the Cosmo accomplished what the City Center and Aria were trying so hard to do but failed miserably at. Thank you Cosmopolitan/Marquee for the best New Year's Eve/Day ever!!!
I think that The Cosmoplitan will succeed where City Center kind of flopped because it actually brings something different to the strip.  . . I am no fan of casinos, and it takes a lot to get me to go to the strip in general.... but when I heard that Cosmo had brought in Best Coast (awesome indie surf rock band, of whom I am a big fan) to play FREE shows, I was sold.  The band had a 4-day stint, playing two shows a night.  And they drew in a crowd rarely seen outside The Beat or Beauty Bar, aka hipsters.  Brilliant! This is what I mean.  Cosmo is looking at new ways to bring in and entertain a different clientele.  Very smart, and I look forward to more indie bands playing there (which LV is sorely lacking in terms of entertainment options.). . OK, so my night started out great thanks to Elnino F's quick tip on parking (garage is on Harmon right across LVB when coming from the east).  LOVE the high tech garage with numbers of available spaces clearly posted for each level, and the red (full) and green (empty) lights above each parking space.  Damn that's clever.  . . But probably my favorite thing about Cosmo is the design.  Not the decor, which is gorgeous and all, but the floor plan.  The focus is vertical, not horizontal, so there's none of the labyrinthine feel and accompanying sense of hopelessness at ever being able to escape while walking through.  The casino is limited to one floor, with restaurants, lounges, and shops upstairs.  It's so easy to get around and find things.  . . Ok, so it's super pretty and cool too.  Sound and Stage is slated to bring in more indie bands (yay!); Chandelier is doing amazing things with mixology at prices that don't break the bank (~$12 for fancy specialty cocktails); and at the very least, China Poblano and Jaleo have lots of vegan options for eating.   This place has tons of potential!
Oh you fancy, huh... . So many beautiful details decorate the hotel. Art everywhere. And their color scheme is my favorite color. The most memorable and breathtaking element is the chandelier lounge. It truly is a must-see and it's a great place to hang out at before Marquee since there is a good amount of seating throughout &  you can actually hold conversations with your friends. My group & I did exactly that on NYE until Marquee was able to let people in again (they were at capacity for over an hour & weren't able to let anyone in until later). We had an amazing time.. . My friends had a room here and it was nice but personally, the Wynn properties are still my favorite. Still, Cosmo is no chopped liver by any means. There are lots of restaurants & little shops yet to be explored. Self parking system is up-to-date: number of spaces on levels display on an lcd screen & little lights above spaces shine in green to indicate a free spot.. . TIP: Write down your parking level & row location as soon as you leave your car. Trust me, you'll thank me later when you can actually find your car when you finally get ready to leave.
Just Amazing! . . Unfortunately, I cannot give 5 stars as I did not stay there. However, everything else about the Cosmopolitan was 5 stars. They thought of everything anyone would want or need in a Vegas Hotel and Casino. . . The casino floor is Gorgeous. The Second Floor with shops and restaurants is gorgeous. The third floor with Lounges and restaurants is gorgeous and functional! The pool deck is gorgeous and amazing! . . Whoever designed the Cosmo deserves a gold star. Of course, it will be in all it's glory when it's warm out and the pool deck is fully functional, but in the mean time, you can still take advantage of the pool tables, ping pong, and sports watching lounge for free. They also had a conference and ball room area. . . The resort is very functional offering something for everyone. Both kids, adults, and in between can keep occupied there. I wanted to indulge in all they had to offer, but only got to gamble a bit and have some drinks in one of their bar lounges. Service was friendly and scantily dressed, but often slow as they had but one bar tender tasked with making many hand crafted cocktails that graced the menu. Be prepared to pay between $13 and $16 per mixed drink. . . I did peruse the whole place though and was totally impressed! . . We had a cab driver who stayed there the week they opened and said the room was phenomenal and the best room he's had in Vegas. I didn't doubt him. . . This will be a place to see and be seen for sure!
It's like walking into Bladerunner's opening scene. I highly recommend the 3rd floor pizza place for some fantastic drunk pizza and cheapER beers. I mainly hung out at the Book and Stage bar where Best Coast was the house lounge band playing(say what?!) but as far as drink options, I say the only accurate pricing that is at that bar is for high end/microbrewery beer. Everything else (cocktails/commercial beer) were overpriced. I got a 90- Minute Dogfish IPA and felt that for what I was getting, the price was accurate, but supposedly they were charging just as much for Corona's/PBR's. I'm definitly coming back but probably only on a weekday since weekends are pretty crowded there. This is the place to be in Vegas.
The Cosmopolitan: It's like the Aria and the Wynn had illegitimate offspring (consequence of a wild night of drunkenness in Vegas), dressed it in Christian Audigier and Ed Hardy, then bedazzled it, added ruffles and accentuated with a plethora of LED lights.. . It's stunning to look at. You could and should spend hours just walking around admiring the details. It's multiple levels of extreme architecure and interior design.. . We stayed here in the Wraparound Terrace Suite... I've never been in such a large and gorgeously-decorated room! The view from the comfy patio furniture was outstanding. I'd like to live here, please.. . I love all of the different-looking and differently-themed bars and lounges around the casino. You don't even have to go out to a club to have a good time if you spend your night at these! The Chandelier is the obvious highlight. I could sit there with a signature drink and enjoy the glimmer for hours!. . Of course, The Cosmopolitan hosts the most popular nightclub in Vegas at the moment, Marquee. (See my separate review for details: http://www.yelp.com/biz/marquee-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:bL60s1IxbUnzWpO338EtxQ/src:self). . They have a good variety of restaurants to enjoy, too. We chose Holstein's by recommendation from Natalia, a bartender at Le Central Bar in Paris. (See my separate review for details: coming soon!). . We checked out the pool area on the top floor (actually multiple pool areas, including the pool area shared by Marquee) - I can't wait until summer to spend some time here! First of all, it's gorgeously designed. The lounge chairs look comfortable and inviting. There is a ton of stadium-style seating. There are lot of bars so no one goes thirsty. ;) When looking out, there is an amazing view of The Strip below.. . This new resort and casino on The Strip is amazing... Make sure to stop in or stay here and enjoy all it has to offer.
This hotel was pretty awesome. Everything was beautiful and so chic. The casino, bars and restaurants were all done so well. They have a really nice and modern lobby and the staff was very accommodating and professional. . . The room was very spacious and beautiful. I had a nice studio suite with the strip view located in the East tower. Itwas more like a one bedroom though. Everything was fabulous and there was a nice balcony with lounge furniture. . . This is a new hotel and you can tell. they had a nice coffee maker but you had to pay for the coffee which I understand but they could afford to give you at least one cup of coffee. . . The toiletries were higher quality then most. . . Oh and because it is the new hotel to be at on the strip the hookers were out in force. it was almost comical. They were not trying to hide anything and they were even in the lobby and came up to one of my coworkers and offered her services. He said they were good sales people because they did not want to take No for an answer. . . So if you are looking for a good time and I mean it could be good time then the Cosmopolitan will be a great place to make that happen.
Cosmopolitan is the new "it" hotel on The Strip. It is too beautiful to look at. So who's the genius behind this hotel?. . i don't recall the last time being in a hotel with so much crystals and chandeliers dangling. Amazing. Makes me want to go gaga-Tarzan and swing through each string of crystal.. . Every little detail of this hotel is very modernized from the parking lot (yes, I said the parking lot with the red/green lights if space is occupied or not) to the furniture. Plus, it's the only hotel in Vegas where I can find a pool table. Even the buildings look like some upscale buildings in downtown NY!. . I didn't expect so much vividness, seeing that the commercial made it seem so formal and edgy, even with the old cougar dancing with a flame. But the shops section looked advanced with the bright lights, I just wonder how it'd look like should there be a blackout.
One of the newest additions to the City Center area of the Strip. It's not a huge casino by any means, but they have some pretty AWESOME places to visit inside.. . 1st and foremost, the roof pool is amazing! I can only imagine this place in the summer. Views overlooking the Strip - like literally you're smack dab in the middle of it - and designed so trendily. Best part of this place.. . Also went to the Chandelier Bar here. It was aight. You basically step inside the thing and you get 3 levels of bar. Whatever. Nothing special. I'd rather go to the bar on the other side of the casino called Bond. Significantly cooler and you're able to walk around more freely. . . Lastly, some of the decor of this place looked like it was entrusted to the casino owner's teenage daughter. She just went f'ing crazy and furnished the place from those ear-piercing shops they have at the mall. Fluffy, girly shit everywhere. It will be cool for a few years, but then get incredibly tacky onward. Please hire a new interior decorator.
To sum this place up in one word, I'd have to say "Interesting.". . The decor is great. Very artsy and colorful. But some things are definitely out of place, and the designer definitely had some kind of foot fetish. I'll leave it at that.. . Note: I did not stay here. So I can't comment on the rooms or stay, but I did gamble and eat/drink here and that was a very positive experience. Their restaurants are definitely up there, and their bartenders were all super approachable. One even made me a champagne cocktail because he heard me say, "I 'm craving a champagne cocktail but I don't see any on the menu." That's awesome.. . My only complaint, the place is totally confusing to walk through. It has about 3 or 4 floors and they're all split in different directions and what not. Not really "user friendly" if that makes any sense. But apparently these were supposed to be condos before the decision was made to make the Cosmo so that explains it a bit.. . Definitely worth checking out.
Crazy gorgeous!  The Chandelier bar is breathtaking - a really classy place for some drinks and to hang out.. . Their "food court" is out of this world.  A collection of restaurants from North America all in one place.  A foodie's dream - Comme Ca (LA), Jaleo (DC), Blue Ribbon (NYC), Milos (Canada), STK (LA), and Scarpetta (LA) just to name a few.  A few retail stores (though Crystals is better).  A roof top pool and bar with a gorgeous view of the strip.. . A gorgeous resort all in all.  Truly a must see...
Absolutely gorgeous.. . Beautiful decor.  Contemporary, rich, multi-colored, vivid. Chandelier bar.  Serene and breathtaking pool.  . . Pool and ping pong tables.  Lots and lots of themed lounge seating.  . . Modern parking garage.  Red lights above stalls to signify taken and green lights for open stalls.  . . Another great addition to LV hotels. . . Fancy.
Last week we were in Las Vegas and happened to stroll into this hotel/mall/pool hall that apparently only recently opened.  Immediately I felt the wow factor upon entering on the 2nd floor.  You know when something is new and you get that "This is the NEW VEGAS" feeling....that's what I felt like when we walked around the mall area, checked out some coolclothes at All Saints, and rode those glass circle elevators down to the casino.  . . I think this complex is designed vertically so you have to go up and down the floors to explore instead of wondering for miles horizontally like 99% of the other Strip hotels.  If I save up maybe I'll stay here this coming summer !!!  Oh yeah the giant chandelier was massive and fun to take pictures of.
What can I say? I'm obsessed with the place. As a born and raised local that's probably the highest compliment I can pay to a strip property. The only reason I gave it four stars is because as someone who is directionally challenged in a city I've spent my whole life driving around in, it's kind of a cluster to access. However, once you get in the garage, the set  up is nice and you always know where a spot is open thanks to the red light-green light system.. . I particularly like the sitting area on the 2nd or 3rd floor (can't remember) which is just a mash up of mismatched furniture that all somehow fits together. It's a cozy place to hang out and I wouldn't be above napping there after falling victim to food coma at one of their several unique restaurants. I got to get a small taste of all of them at the grand opening and they all had something great to offer (limitless wine served in industrial sized glasses helped too). Scarpetta and Comme Ca had spectacular views and for the few weeks that the weather's nice here, I'd definitely recommend some outdoor dining at Comme Ca.. . The best feature Cosmopolitan has to offer this city hands down is their entertainment. I don't know who their talent manager is but BRAVO. Free shows at their lounge the Book and Stage hosting bands and artists that otherwise wouldn't get to play here is enough in itself. Their ticketed shows can't be bought through Ticketmasterwhich means one thing: NO RIDICULOUS FEES. Cosmopolitan talent manager, if you are a man over the age of 30 I think we should get married. Because that's how much I love you.. . If anything, check out the Cosmopolitan for the ridiculousness that is the chandelier bar. I mean come on, it's a bar inside of a chandelier. Who doesn't want to see that.
Stopped by for a little staycation. The cosmopolitan is definitely one of my favorite hotels on the strip. Here's why.... . PROS:. + If the main lobby is busy, they'll open a second registration desk on the 4th floor to check-in. Total check-in time was about 15 minutes from the time I stepped foot in the main lobby to the time I had the keys in hand and headed up to my room.. + Balconies, balconies, balconies! Great views of the strip, especially if you're facing the Bellagio or Planet Hollywood. We got stuck facing Aria and it still wasn't a bad view.. + Free wifi. + No resort fee. + Standard room (terrace studio) is spacious and well designed. + Large, spacious shower. + Staff was very nice. + Plenty of parking. + Easy to get in and out of the casino from Harmon Ave. + Decent room rates w/ my Marriott hook up ($130 for a Sunday night). + Heated pool on 14th floor by the spa. + Free lounge act at the Book and Stage (def. not your typical old school Vegas lounge). + Good places to chill and drink and people watch -- Bond and Chandelier. . CONS:. - Several random hairs in the tub and around the bathroom. - Open bottle of wine in the fridge from previous guest. - Decent water pressure from the shower, but not great. . 4.5 Stars
Just got back from Vegas....took a visit here...the casino made every other casino look like wal mart....WOMEN will love it! Hot bars, bright lights, and very very clean! I also schooled my friend on slots and he hit $2100 here, not bad!
Every now and then I iron my clothes, brush my hair, and rock the high heels. But even when I do that, it's highly unlikely that you'll find me at Pure or Tryst or LAX or any other of the one word clubs on the strip. . . Here's where The Cosmopolitan comes in: I didn't stay here, but I can still get dressed up and feel like I'm being one of those girls, but I don't have to go to a club. They have two (maybe more, but at least two) really cool bars. You don't need table service. You don't need to have 80% ladies to get in. You don't have to pay a cover. They are just awesome bar/lounges.. . Vesper, near the entrance is cool, but The Chandelier Bar was the real stunner. It's all schmancy, but the cocktails are about $10-$12, which isn't absolutely horriblefor a schmancy joint. The service could be better, but they've got some interesting cocktails and the decor is just - AMAZING.
I haven't stayed here but I did a pretty complete walk through and this hotel is really nice. It is a little more cramped then some might be used to compared to the bigger casinos. They did however fill in what they could with the space they had. The design work of the walls and even the ceilings and light covers all look like some time was put into their design. The huge Chandelier in the center of the place is beautiful.. . Being as it was cold, we were able to walk through the pool area without any problems. The pool is one of those horizon drop off pools where is just flow from each side without any noticeable ending. It was a cool touch to the pool. The chairs all around the pool are either located on the edges of it or overlooking the strip. Because the pool is on the third floor, it offers a unique pool experience that the other casinos can't.. . I wish I got to spend a little more time here exploring, but I did like what I have seen of it so far.
**Sleek, upscale and reminiscent of the flashy places on Sunset Blvd in West Hollywood, The Cosmopolitan attracts a young crowd and feels much more distinct than the other nearby and new casino/hotel Aria***. . I did not stay at The Cosmopolitan hotel, but I did spend a little time in the hotel (including the rooms).  The Cosmopolitan is the new hotel that is adjacent to the CityCenter but not part of it (one of the towers, from the outside, looks similar to the Ritz Carlton at LA Live).. . Like Aria (located in the CityCenter), The Cosmopolitan is less themed than other Vegas hotels (like Bellagio, Venetian, Mirage, Paris, and so on).  So if you are not a fan of those themed places, you may like The Cosmopolitan.. . I can see how some people would find The Cosmopolitan a little boring when compared to some of the other Vegas casinos.  Luckily, The Cosmopolitan does have a few noticeable advantages over Aria and provides a much more unique experience.. . First, the decor is nicer.  Very upscale, sleek and contemporary.  The atmosphere throughout the hotel and the casino floor reminded me of some of the nice and trendy places you may find on Sunset Blvd in West Hollywood.  I felt there was a sense of style and point-of-view with The Cosmopolitan while Aria felt much more sterile.. . The Cosmopolitan (which was designed to bring in some residential business) also features bigger rooms with more apartment-like features such as kitchenettes.  All the rooms I went to had balconies, which were nice (haven't seen that on The Strip).  The balconies were also thoughtfully designed to prevent accidents.  Depending on which side of the building your room is located, you may get treated to a great view of Paris, Bellagio and the Bellagio Fountains.. . Finally, The Cosmopolitan was bringing in a lot of young people (at least right now).  That might be a plus or negative depending on your life stage.  Place was definitely crowded and hopping.. . Several of the restaurants at The Cosmopolitan have locations in L.A. (Scarpetta, Comme Ca and STK).  I think they also have some upscale shopping boutiques, but I did not check them out.. . The Cosmopolitan is a nice hotel and it is one I would consider staying at if the price was right.  The balcony is a nice touch and the rooms were also nice.  It also has a great location by being near other big casinos like Bellagio, Caesars Palace and MGM Grand.  And unlike Aria, it is much closer to The Strip.  If I wanted to try one of the newer hotels out (in the CityCenter or near it), I think The Cosmopolitan would be my first choice.. . I saw valet parking here.  I am not sure if they also have a parking structure for self-parking.
This hotel is nice and has a lot of bars with sitting areas for lounging. The room is spacious and has a microwave and dishwasher. The shower and tub are huge. The food from room service is great, better than expected. Pool area is nice. I like the big screen TV's, pool tables, pingpong and Foosball. We didn't get to check out the club, Marquee as they're closed on Sundays. Boo! Service is not as good as I expected from such a nice hotel. I tried calling front desk two separate times and no one would pick up. I also had some issues checking in and out. I guess they are still working out the kinks as the hotel is brand spanking new. Overall a good hotel to stay in. Nice rooms and good location on the strip. They just need to improve on their front desk service.
Wow.  Well done Cosmo!!  Great concept, planning and design!!  This place is a FEAST for the eyes!!!  Let me preface this review by saying that we did not stay here or eat here but only did the preliminary walk through to see if this is a place we want to frequent and bring others to.  Answer... a resounding YES!!  Beautiful elegance, friendly staff, seriously ingenious design and super cool vibe.  Loved it!!  . . THE POOL AREA ROCKS!!!!  Seriously well planned!!  Great views, amazing pools, ginormous Hot tub, pool tables, ping-pong tables, Foos-ball tables, big screen TV's a plenty.... great place to hang out and can see this being a MUY CALIENTE Place this summer for all the beautiful people!. . This is not the place to come on a budget but it appears to be worth every penny! Many places to lounge in high-back booths surrounded by beauty and elegance.  I am planning a stay here in April and will be taking friends here soon so I will update when I have a chance to try out the many wonders this new enchantment offers.  . . All in all, at the very least.... you owe it to yourselves to check this place out.  It IS all that and a bag o' chips.
According to one of our cab drivers when we were in Vegas, The Cosmopolitan is one of the new hotels on the strip and I must say, it's really an impressive building inside and out.. . I love the Chandeliers. They sparkles and they are such major BLINGS. I can just stand there and just admiring those pretty bling bling bling. They have different shops than other hotels on the strip which is a big plus. It's kinda tiring to see the same shop over and over again on Vegas strip, The Cosmopolitan is definitely a breathe of fresh air.
The hotel is beautiful but the buffet  is  well priced and abundant with fresh and varied food with any taste. The service from beginning to end is good and the room like the whole casino is gorgeous, open and well lit but not crowded. Plenty of salads and fruits. They give you a whole bottle of water when you sit down which I think is a great idea. Desserts may be the weak point.  Much better than most buffets anywhere is Las Vegas and on the Strip.
Great Suite here! Fantastic terrace overlooking the Bellagio Fountains, great kitchenette w/subzero mini fridge! Extremely comfortable King bed with great linens and great pillows! Sunken soaking tub overlooking the Bellagio fountains (didn't use it, but looked great). All the decor and trimmings were excellent. Very cool room controls access via either Large screen TV--can set lighting levels, Room Temp, Sirius Satellite Music, loads of channels. Could not Check out yet via the TV. For a place that had only been open a month---Very Very Nice. The public spaces are fun, food we ate was really good too. We will be backfor sure.
This is absolutely the most stunning hotel in Vegas in my opinion! I wanted to give it 5 stars, but there were a few issues...we'll get the issues out of the way first--. . -The sheets were a bit scratchy for somewhere that is so fancy. I mean really, spend a little more for luxury, that's all I'm saying.. -More importantly, and the REAL reason for minus 1 star was the noise. We had a room overlooking the outside part of their Club Marquee. The view was awesome, but OMG the noise! If you are planning to want to SLEEP in your room at night DO NOT GET A ROOM THAT FACES THE CLUB! It was so loud until 4am that I could actually HEAR the DJ pumping up the crowd and yelling "shot, shot, shot" into the microphone! Honestly, it was impossible to sleep Saturday night until they shut the place down. I think they need to go back through that side of the hotel and sound proof the sliding glass doors.  Now, if you're not planning to sleep since you're in Vegas, then this probably wouldn't be a problem.. . Now the GREAT--. . -The rooms were amazing to say the least! Sleek & modern with a large living room/kitchen area. Walked through a mirrored hallway to the giant, fluffy bed, but the best part? THE BATHROOM! One whole wall was glass so you could see right into the shower from the bed! On the other side a giant sunken tub for 2! Very romantic...not a good room for sharing with anyone other than your significant other FYI. It was honestly the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in ANYWHERE and I travel a lot! . -Also had an entire floor dedicated to restaurants. We ate at Holsteins and it was great...really good burgers and shakes, kinda fancy for a burger joint. . -They also had this huge multi-story bar area called The Chandelier and MAN was it glitzy!!!! It was utterly beautiful! One of the coolest things I've ever seen!. -The place is huge, including the gaming area and probably one of the nicest gaming areas in Vegas. . -The pool areas looked great from our view and online, but we never made it down there...but I hear good things.. . . The best part? All of this was FREE for me! I got a letter in the mail saying they wanted to give me 2 free nights, a $100 dining voucher, and $100 in free chips..good until the end of February...I was DOWN! Their marketing worked because now I'm telling everyone it's my new favorite hotel in Vegas and I will DEFINITELY pay the little extra money to stay their next time!. . Can't want to go back!
From outside the hotel looks like this skinny building with not much to offer...but this hotel blew my mind. Took a taxi to the hotel to go to Marquee and it's very well lit and filled with people. The decor is very urban, posh and full of sex appeal. Love how the restroom near the entrance has a chain monument separating the men and women's restroom, while allowing us to take a peek at any attractive guests walking by. ;). . Men and women are everywhere. We were constantly getting hollered at...great for a self esteem booster!. . The chandelier bar is gorgeous! Drinks prices are a bit steep ($15 each)....but the bartenders got some heavy hands!!!. . I definitely want to stay here on my next vegas trip. . . Cosmopolitan's definitely got "just the right amount of wrong".
As much as I love Vegas, sometimes it gets a little overwhelming with the saturation of opulence and decadent pleasures.  Cosmo is one of those places.   It's got a silicone bounce to it however.  Looks damn good, but just don't feel right.  There's always a level of fakeness with these trendy upscale joints.  But still, you can't deny something that is just sooo pretty.  There's also that gadget freak in me that loves all the high tech touches in this new hotel.. . I might as well be playing with machines though with the amount of technology at the tables.  The roulette tables light up all the winning bet combinations.  The pai gow tables have LCDdisplays that can tell you what hand you have before you even look at the cards!  Like, WTF?  We're still trying to figure that one out.  The only conclusion was that Skynet is watching and we are all doomed.. . I would like that they improve their HVAC system though.  Around the pit area I was at, the vents were blowing directly onto the tables.  Money was literally flying everywhere when trying to change out and it was freezing. . . Also, since it's independently owned, you can't use your players card (called Identity here) at other casinos...
O.K. our room...one bedroom terrace suite, premium view that ended up with a north facing Bellagio fountains was 6 stars. 40 years of going to Vegas this was by far our best room and we've done them all. I'm deducting one star as my interests in a casino are the sportsbook and video poker, neither of which they do well. Decor is outstanding..but a few details comparing to the likes of Aria, Encore, Bellagio. No newspaper on the door, no chocolate on the pillow after turn down, no bath salts or bubble bath for the Japanese soaking tub. O.K the mini bar has an extra compartment for your stuff at the bottom but beware its a sub zero section. Bedroom T.V lost network connection and took several hours to get the I.T guy to reboot it (seems like a common problem there). Meal at Overlook grill was pretty bad (see my review). Who orders a fruit salad and expects only to get grapes and pineapple (and not even fresh).. Superbowl Sunday saw blackjack tables (on the main floor) $500 minimum. Even roulette was $25. Went downtown to gamble. Most high end places make you show room key to get near an elevator. Here they skip that and make someone on the elevator put in a room key to go up. Not quite as secure.. Hey, it's a nice place, ez on the eyes attracting a younger crowd. Hope it does well. Having a balcony and a sliding glass door open with some fresh air coming in totally set the place apart from its competition.
I was intrigued by The Cosmopolitan commercial where it shows a flood of chicks, rabbits and chicken raiding a party scene and then you see the slogan - Just the right amount of wrong.  So I was curious and decided to check out the property as a local.  . . The property has tons of wow factor, from the urban decor to the posh color scheme.  The lobby has these amazing silhouette screens, so as you strut down the well lit atmosphere you can feel the vibe.   It is definitely a place for movers and shakers.  The third level is where all the restaurant and food court but in the middle of the room is a waiting area with a pool table.  It's like an upgraded sorority or frat house with class.  The top level is where the pools and cabanas but they wow you with fooseball table, flat screen TV, and gorgeous layout of where you can lounge.. . As a local, I definitely would like to come out there to hang out with my friends and it caters to the up and coming 20 to 30 somethings.  I can't wait to try STK and Milos.
We came in late Friday night, and did not check in until 1am.  We were pleasantly surprised to be told our room was upgraded to a terrace suite.  This suite was impressive.  It was on the corner of the building and the balcony wrapped around both sides.  The suite has its own washer and dryer, two full bathrooms, a full kitchen, wine fridge, and just about every other amenity you could ever want.  The view of the strip from the balcony was impressive.. . The building footprint is small, but they fit a lot into it.  We did not get the chance to try any of the food options or shop, but we will next time.  I also will be coming back in the summer to take advantage of at least one of the pools.. . It is pricier than most, but it is worth it to treat yourself.
Nice. Oh so very nice. Not as nice as the Aria or Vdara, but damn close. The only thing though about the Cosmopolitan is that it felt very cluttered and congested. It was hard to navigate through the casino and multiple floors of well, everything. We couldn't even find the sushi bar that we wanted to eat at and we couldn't locate any employees to ask for directions. . . Still a nice hotel though. I can't imagine what it would be like to stay here. One of the few hotels in Vegas that actually have a balcony and a minibar. Pretty sweet.
So I didn't stay here but I did go there. And it was pretty beautiful. From a service level, the second we walked in, people were all over you saying, "WELCOME LADIES!" or "HAVE A GREAT TIME LADIES...." Whereas I felt I could have had a seizure in the middle of the lobby of my hotel/casino and no one would have noticed.. . Anyway, I did enjoy the people watching and there appeared to be a lot of YOUNG kids there (or maybe I am getting old) and hookers. Lot's of hookers. Or at least young girls who looked like hookers.. . Can't speak to the rooms but the chandelier bar was pretty.. and there is an All Saints store on the way to the dining places.
SOoOoOo I didnt even stay here, but I was there long enough for me to YELP REVIEW this hotel/casino!. . Someone said that this place makes you feel like a princess... and I must agree. It screams ROYAL TREATMENT from the blinged out walls, to the private elevators to the rooms, to the service from the hotel.  Someone said if you're not a 6 or higher then you shouldn't go... SCREW THEM... Everyone is an instant 10 when they walk in there. The people are super polite and give you all the information you need with a smile on their face. . . The room I went to visit my friend is was AMAZING! The view was beautiful and it wrapped around her room!!! I must agree with the KINKY looking shower/bath area. It was very "sexy" though. I would stay w/ my boo if I were to stay at the cosmo! . . I left out a * because when my friend called up for room service it took them 2 hours for them to respond... and a reminder call.. NO BUENO! LOL. . But one of my favorite things in the hotel was the PINK chandeliers in the hallways... I loooooooooooooooved them!!!
Beautiful new hotel, a lovely room, and exceptional staff... but due to some glitches I can't in good conscience give 5 stars.. . Some of the high points of our late-January visit:. . * The room: massive, with balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains and jacuzzi tub with same view.  Best hotel room I've ever stayed in --  I love the turn in the economy that turned condo units into hotel rooms.  Combine all that with The Best And Most Essential Vegas Invention Ever -- the 8PM Checkout -- and I'm hooked. . . * The overwhelming casino/lobby/entertainment areas, with the 3 stories of "chandelier" spilling down and enough big-screen morphing art displays to evoke Blade Runner (but with more class, less rain, and fewer androids).  . . * The staff.  I don't know if it's just that they're new in their jobs and aren't all jaded yet, but it's nice to find a place in Vegas where the employees make eye contact in passing, smile, and throw out a lot of "good evening sir."  Our favorite, however, was sports book bartender Jennie, who always managed to detour us from wherever else we were going -- and who would shoo away people from smoking at her bar.  Which leads me to.... . * Cocktails.  You know how casinos will begrudgingly slide you a few Bud Lites while you play video poker?  At the Cosmopolitan, it's top-shelf martinis, some of their amazing custom creations, and a beer list with selections from Belgium (and Stone), not begrudgingly poured, either.. . * The patrons and fellow guests.  Helluva lot classier and better mannered (and yes, I'm using those terms in the Vegas relative sense) than in the surrounding resorts.. . * Marquee and one of the restaurants (soon to appear in another review...). . And now for the why-not-five-or-six-or-seven-stars reason:  too many quirks to make this a seamless, effortless, fine time.  . . You'd think after being open a month they'd have time to shake the bugs out of the system.  But we still had to deal with:. . * A shower with water pressure that would cycle from full stream to a dribble on a routine basis,. . * The 8pm checkout leading to room keycard issues, the type that inexcusably took a couple trips to reception and 20 minutes to resolve.  When the staff fumbles with the keycard machine, gives you a total of three keycards ("try these two, and if they don't work, try this one") you know they're not ready for prime time.  . . * Maid service, who took the generous tip left for them but didn't clean up the room.  Huh?. . * And using the TV and a TV remote in the room to control everything from lights to temperature was an annoying (and occasionally cold and dark) process. Plus one of the TV's wouldn't even get TV.. . Still, I'm giving the Cosmopolitan another chance -- and probably many more chances.
Opulent!  So visually appealing to me but the younger clientele is a bit of a turn off.  I tried the buffet which I'm a fan of, I'm eager to try the other outlets as well.
Got a room here last night and for some reason they gave us a handicapped room, which was fine, but one down side (I'll get to that later!). . Husband booked a room for my birthday weekend. :). . We stayed in room 1810, which has a huge bathroom, living room area, kitchenette (complete with a microwave, fridge & dishwasher!), a large bed, a balcony that overlooks City Center, two flat screen TVs and three places to hook up your phone and other jacks into the TV.  . . They have buttons that say On or Off or Hello and Goodbye for the lights to turn on and off.  You can change the temperature of the room, turn on & off the lights, and set the ambiance all from the TV!  Awesome!. . The downside- the shower.  Ok, with this being a handicapped room, there are extra spaces in certain areas.  I get all of that.  But when I was in the shower, there isn't a ledge to keep the water in the shower, so what we ended up with, was water all over the bathroom floor and onto the carpet in the hallway of our room.  Dang!. . There were a couple things I was surprised about:. - The lightening in the bathroom sucked for putting on makeup.  Also, it doesn't have a magnified mirror.. - Calling housekeeping or the front desk was a wait time of 8 minutes last night!. - There is a coffee maker in the room.  You need "pods" to make coffee.  There aren't any "pods" in the room.. - I would have thought there might have been plastic spoons or stirrers because of the coffee- nope.. - There is a huge cut-out in the room, so when you are in the bathroom people in the living area can watch you!  There are pull down blinds, but you can still hear everything!  We had our friends up to our room to "pre-game" and no one wanted to use the bathroom!. . All n' all I would DEFINITELY stay here again, hands down, no questions asked.  The room was clean and comfortable.  And the room service was great too!  (ordered it twice!)
WOW!  The Cosmopolitan is definitely as gorgeous and chic as everyone says it is.  The Chandelier Bar is jaw dropping...so much bling!. . And OMG!  You have to check out their roulette tables...they're ridiculously cool.  The table not only lights up the winning number and odds, but it also shows the stats for the four hottest and coldest numbers, the percentages for reds vs blacks as well as other things.  If I ever decide to play roulette, I will hit up The Cosmopolitan for sure! . . Of course, I would love to stay at the hotel and check out these amazing high-tech rooms as well ;)
By far the most "tricked" out of any Las Vegas hotel.  Kind of like they took ideas from the more youth oriented Hard Rock and Palms and merged them with the sophistication of Bellagio, Encore, etc. . . Not every corner of the hotel looks the same, but it's not inharmoniously  done. . . The two levels above the casino floor where actually a continuation of the hotel, not just big lobbies made for conventions and weddings. . . The billiard and lounge area were great, but it might hard be to get in a game of pool or grab a comfortable seat during the busier weekends and summer season.
Beautiful hotel. Parking was very interesting. Knocked off a point for a slightly confusing parking garage though. Was only here to try the buffet and take a quick walk around. When I get to chance to experience more here, I will update my review.. . It actually isn't very hard to navigate as this is not a very large hotel. And plus, I saw these awesome digital touch screens that can show you a map of each level of the property plus a list dining and shopping options and even flight schedules!. . I look forward to checking out the rooms, pools, and restaurants here. The dining options seem to be amazing. And Wicked Spoon (their buffet) was good.. . 4.5 stars if I could.
Where do I start.... . As the newest addition on the Vegas strip, I think The Cosmo is making it's mark.  Though there are somethings that are keeping it from getting 5 stars, I think this may change after some time and getting some logiistical kinks worked out.. . Here are some of the things I loved about The Cosmo:. . 1.  Wraparound Terrace Suite:  Amazing views of the strip on your own private terrace.  Moderm kitchenette with sub-zerio freezer and in-room washer/dryer made it like home.  Perfect for long stays, and warming up left overs from the restaurants.  Although the decor tried to seem "modern" I found the actual living space to be plain and small.  TVs were not working properly.  The entrance to the bath area had no privacy doors.  This room may be a no-no if you're sharing this room with friends in which you demand privacy while you're showing.. . 2.  The Wicked Spoon buffet was AWESOME.  See my review for more details.. . 3.  Though they boast a 100,000 sq ft. casino, it seems much smaller.  Everything kinda seemed cramped, not a lot of table denomination selections.  You're basically stuck with $50 minimums on BJ and $25 on Rouleete.  But the friendliness of the dealers and pit crew makes up for it.  They are trying to be a ritzy joint, but the personel don't act stuck up like they do at Wynn, Encore, Bellagio.  Big plus for the friendliness. . . 4.  Marquee was a popping club.  It seemed like all the hipsters were out to play.  For some reason, this place filtered out all the hoodlums. hahaha.. . 5.  The Comso has easy access to the Las Vegas Blvd.  At other resorts, you would have to walk miles and miles just to get some freshair.  . . 6.  Many restaurants to choose from.  But I think they need to have a more consistent tasting Chinese restuarant.  China Poblano was horrible.. . All and all.  Really great place to stay and play.  I was only here for 2 days and have not been able to check out everything they had to offer.  But so far...so good.
It was love at first sight, so sparkly shiny and new. I loved all the decor in the casino and the hotel rooms. This is the best decorated, most gorgeous hotel in Las Vegas. . . The Chandelier bar is gorgeous, and a great place to chill, with seating all around on two floors. They even played great music! . . Their wrap around terrace suite has everything you need (minus the details). There is a washer/dryer/full kitchen, which doesn't include the detergent and extra kitchen utensils. This place would be my dream apartment/condo. The layout and decor is perfect :) and all the chairs/sofas are so comfortable. OH and the view of the strip was nice, with a nice view of the bellagio water show.
It's like a giant magpie stockpiled all the glittery pieces of flare and beading it could find in this shiny new casino.  Wicked buffet! Giant Chandelier stretching 2 floors!  Pink, Silver, Purple hues everywhere.  I thought I was at Afterlife on Omega.. . It made the Bellagio (where I was staying) feel like an old Reno hotel with a fancy bidet in the front.
I.Love.TheCosmpoliatian. And soon you will too. . . Sadly, I didn't even stay here this past weekend. I just did a walk through and I was awed. Mesmerized by the glamorous decor. I loved the crystal chandeliers in and around the casino. So Shiny! This hotel is over the top and will give you the sexy vibe. . . The staffs really friendly. Showed us how to get to Marquee without causing any confusion.
This is not your typical Vegas hotel.  It is located on the strip and has 2000 rooms but gives you the feel of a boutique hotel.  The service is very good (although I think it is strange that no one wears name tags).. . I would have given the hotel 5 stars but I was not a fan of the amount of children in the hotel.  They need to discourage kids from staying there and encourage couples and singles to come and get away from kids.. . All and all we had a blast!
I came here for one of the Black Keys concerts last month. I was super excited about the hotel after seeing what it looked like from the outside, if the design was that cool from afar, what would it be like inside? well everything is really beautiful, even the parking garage. There are featured artists (such as Shepard Fairey) pieces on the walls and lights indicating where free parking spaces are. . . The inside is beautiful. And I work for a sustainable architecture firm so when I heard that the building was sustainable, I was even more excited about the space! . . The different floors were all beautiful in their own way and the different places we stopped for drinks/food were delicious and the service was friendly. . . So the inside of the concert hall (The Chelsea) it was beautiful with chandeliers and great screens for the seated crowd. However the seats we were in were bleachers and not designed very well. The seats are so close to one another that the men next to us were well in our space. . . It also felt like it took forever to get out of the concert area when the show was over, despite all of the open spaces that they herded the crowd through to get out. . . All in all, I love the location and it is really aesthetically pleasing, however, I feel like they are still coordinating a few things since they opened so recently and maybe in the future for events will have things like the seating and crowds under control/updated.
This is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. I booked a Terrace studio which was beautifully decorated, LARGE, modern and uber comfy.  The bed was to die for with a super thick down comforter and tons of fluffy pillows. The view of the city was amazing (overlooked the Bellagio fountains). Two large flat screen TVs were awesome & bonus that you can adjust the lighting and climate and order room service etc, right from the TV (even tells you if your door is locked or not!). Living room area had a nice sectional couch, desk, flat screen TV and coffee table, equipped with huge coffee table photo books. The bathroom was GREAT! Very large, 2 sinks, separate jacuzzi tub and HUGE shower.. . Check in was a bit irritating as they didn't have a Terrace room available when we first checked in, after asking again, the front desk clerk went to "talk to his manager" and the room was miraculously available all of a sudden, the same thing happened to the 3 other couples who were checking in at the same time. . . One star off for the treacherous walk to the East Tower from the front desk/valet area. . I would comment on the night club, Marquee, but the guys in our group weren't  able to get in for free (hotel guests can get in free before 11 pm) since we got there too late. In my opinion, hotel guests should get in free 24-7.. Lots of celebs were staying here, I ran into Snoop Dogg, Suge Knight, C-Lo Green etc. Not sure if that was a good thing  (because the skanky groupies follow!).. All in all, this is a beautiful place to stay, very central on the strip with a very friendly and helpful staff. They do have a few kinks to work out, but definitely worth a try!
Beautiful hotel with decently friend staff. Came through this hotel to have dinner and visit Marquee. Great place to party and eat :). . Highly recommend it
The Cosmopolitan is to Vegas Hotels what STK is to your "daddy's steak house."  It's hip, chic and currently, the place to be.  Its huge, well appointed rooms don't disappoint, and the generous terrace is something which you quickly learn you can't live without... especially if you are lucky enough to get one of the rooms with the view of the Bellagio fountains.  . . The Cosmo also boasts my favorite NYC restaurants, including STK, Milos and Blue Ribbon, as well Marquee, the hottest club in Vegas (as of 3/11).  The Chandelier is also a great meeting point and a terrific lounge if you're not feeling like the "chica chica boom" of the nightclub scene.  Oh, and then there's the brand new spa, with all the bells and whistles you never even dared to dream.  Ladies, if you're over 30, try the IS Clinical Age Defying Facial.  Not only will you leave there all glowy, tight-pored and beautiful, but it will be the most relaxing 65 minutes of your life (after the peel part is over).  All in all, you never have to leave the premises, as everything a hipster could possibly want is within one building.. . If there is a downside, as there always is, it's the housekeeping service.  There is no turndown service, even if you specifically ask for it.  If you're not out of your room by a certain time, don't expect it to be cleaned, regardless of how many hours the "please clean"  sign on your door begs for service... and even if you speak with someone live, it is no guarantee that the room will be cleaned after that magic, cleaning-staff-disappearing hour.  If you are fortunate enough to have your room cleaned, there is hardly any attention to detail.  Although I never felt that the room was dirty, sometimes dirty glasses were left around, mini-bar left-overs were left over longer than necessary and to my biggest chagrin, the cleaning person confused my own hair towel (which bore no resemblance to the hotel towels except in color only, and was purposely hidden underneath the hanging robe), with the hotel towels and took it.  So the moral of the story is get out early,  hide anything that might be confusing to the staff, wash your own glasses and throw all your mini-bar left overs out yourself.  This will ensure your own 5-star review of the property.
One would really never have to leave the hotel if they didn't want to.  Everything you could want is in this place.  The atmosphere is always great 24/7.  Holsteins is a great place to grab lunch, great drinks and fun servers.  The Henry was outstanding and the price was even better.  I've paid more at Chili's for crappy food.  I'vealready done a review for STK and we will be back.  I really didn't think I'd be staying anywhere but the Aria after last summer but Cosmo beats it pretty easily.  How awesome is that shower?  Everything about the rooms was great.
I definitely enjoyed the interior design of this hotel - but just visited, did not stay there so can't speak as to the rooms, although I imagine they must be nicely appointed.  Walked through the hotel, had some dinner with friends, and sat at the tables for a little bit before hitting up Marquee for some drinks and dancing.. . All in all, I liked it a lot and hope to stay there as a guest on my next visit.
From what I could tell, this place is everything the Aria was hoping to be. . . Sexy decor, hip crowd, and money flowing in from all directions. . . Since we didn't stay here on this visit, I can't comment on the rooms, but I'm hoping to fix that sometime this summer.  . . I'm impressed!
Think Vegas finally got it right here-and not a moment too soon. That's at least my first impression. . . Let me start out by saying if you were underwhelmed by Aria and the initial opening of City Center like I was, Cosmo is substantially different enough to warrant a second look. Yeah, I saw the ad in Wall Street Journal back then, "so you're not a Vegas person?", funny it ran with stories of Harmon tower and sub-sub-contractor conflicts, but my skepticism was somewhat alleviated last night.. . My first pet peeve of the Strip is the inscrutable access to it, naturally, the Harmon access resolves that here. Next thing, detached parking garage with obligatory five minute walk, again, not so here, I managed to park underground right next to the elevator, a stunning less than a minute back up to casino level. . . Subtle suggestion vs. visual assault, Cosmo does very well in this category in that you understand it's a casino, but you might want to simply make a quick trip for coffee like me and don't want to walk through a gauntlet of slot machines. Sure, come for coffee, but just in case, we got an open seat for you on a hand of cards, nice! . . It's happening on a Monday?! I've never been anywhere happening on a Monday night! That's right, that's g-r-a-d-u-a-t-e student. . . Meaningful signs! I was able to follow the signs directly to the Ve Bene caffe, they were even in a nice, legible typeface. . . The coffee was great! Chiaroscuro Mocha really hit the spot and it was open till 11pm (let's try for 12 am now?).. . There's a Chinese place that had a bright fluorescent OPEN sign as I walked out. I hear there's a paella pit at Jaleo which necessitates further research. Cosmo will certainly earn a fifth star upon verification.
Quick trip through here and wanted to try out the new kid on the block. Some mixed feelings, but overall the rooms are so superb (plus some unusual features for Vegas) and the design so interesting that I'll go with four stars. . . The lobby has lots of columns with digital images on them. It's definitely a distinctive feel compared to other Strip joints. Check-in did seem a little slow--thankfully there weren't many people ahead of me. I would not want to be here at a busy check-in time. . . When I got into the room (not until 4pm on a Wednesday, so don't plan on early check-in), it was literally stunning. It's really like a mini-condo more than a hotel room. All open with the living area at the door anchored by a huge curved sofa against the wall. The flat-screen is ginormous even by fancy hotel standards. There's a large closet and dressing area, then the bedroom beyond with a very comfortable bed and two cool circular bedside tables. Adjacent to that is... well, I hesitate to call it a bathroom. It's more a bathing area. You've got your sinks and WC, then through a glass door, a huge open shower area with opalescent tiles and beyond a step-up-and-in tub with a window overlooking the Strip. And where else in Vegas can you play with your rubber ducky and peruse the changing light on Paris and the Aladdin at the same time, I ask you? The tub is a terrific feature, though it's not a Jacuzzi and the levels of the two benches were not great for me. One too high (cold nipples), one too low (hard to hold a book out of the water). And getting in and out could be a production if you've had a cocktail or six.  There's also a terrace with the same view and a rounded-back lounger. The terrace is generously-sized. NOTE: The room described is the Terrace Studio Suite. If you're gonna stay here, spring for a room with a terrace. There's just nothing else with outdoor space on the Strip for mere mortals except the Imperial Palace and well.... . Poked around the restaurant area (mostly on the third level) and had a late lunch at Comme Ca. Typical French bistro fare, well-prepared but nothing really distinctive. None of the restaurants really seemed to have a distinctive feel to me, but that was just from poking my head in. Most are open to the central area so you can survey them all. . . There is a distinctive bar set-up, with the chandelier that rises through several levels. It's hard to describe this feature except that it is beautiful and elegant and lends a continuity to the different levels of the hotel. . . Nearby, Julian Serrano at the Aria is still a fantastic spot to nibble your way through a tapas lunch--anything seafood I've ever had there is fantastic. The white sangria is heaven, and if you sit at the bar, the staff is a font of local inside scoop. Next door to that, Todd English's P.U.B. is still going gangbusters and has friendly beer-wenches in Hooters-esque gear slinging a wide variety of suds.
Looks: Extremely nice.  My wife and I go to Vegas 3 times a year, we have stayed at every hotel on the strip and Cosmo is by far the nicest we have stayed at. We got a special suite that has an out door balcony that wrapped around our hotel room, it had 3 sliding doors, that's how long it was. 2 full bathrooms, 2 large LED TV's and a kitchen.  The casino is very nice, it is very modern and definitely appeals to a younger, more hip crowd. At night there is a club pool side, although this sounds nice, it can be tough to sleep with the music pounding outside your window.. Service: Practically impossible to get a drink. The waitress came around maybe once every 50 minutes.  I spent a lot of money gambling, I should get drinks faster then that.. Food: There many many places to eat, pretty expensive and you get the feel of it as soon as you walk in the casino. Everything just feel more expensive, kind of of like the Bellegio and The Wynn.  . . Overall, I really enjoyed the place. We got a special promotion of $300 free slot play and $275 free food, don't know how much less I would of liked the stay there if I was actually paying for it? But It was very nice and it feels good sometimes to relax in a place way out of your normal life.  A very high class modern casino/hotel that plays dancing music all through the night. I would stay there again if they gave me the same free promotion, otherwise, I probably cannot afford it.. . And, no sports book! What's up with that?
Damn, look at all these fancy important'e looking people.  I feel so cool just walking around in a place showered by chandeliers that engulfs a bar right at the center.  Men all suited up, women all glammed up with tight ass dresses, while I walk as if I was invisible because my attire smells of sales rack at TJ Max or Ross, but damnit I make it look good!. . This place is just like how Juvenile the rapper would quote it, "you Fancy huh".  With Celeb sightings left and right (50 cent, Floyd Gayweather, Carrot Top, does he count?, etc), this place you know is full of Gold Diggers.  Man I couldn't get any play here cuz girls here will look what's in your pants and I'm not talking about them sizing your sausage but your wallet instead.. . Even the parking lot shines out with Obey mural wall paintings and lights that tell you if the spot is taken or not.  Very nice and clean hotel and 3rd floor includes popular Secret Pizza Place which serves Ny style pizzas.  At night, Marquee is no doubt the main reason youngins migrate here like a bunch of crazy wilderbeasts in unorganized lines outside of the entrance blocking walkways in that area.  They need to set up a system to make it more organized.  Shopping areas aren't as big as the Forum in Caesars, Luxor, Miracle Mile, and other shopping district in the area.  I have taken a tour though of the pools that have not yet been open and I can tell you it's the nicest setups I've seen in the strip.. . Overall it's a nice high end hotel that will attract all the fancies in town.  Not my type of crowd but I will not be bias on my review, so if you like to dress up in brand name, drop bills on expensive ass drinks, and floss your blings and feel important status wise in life, this place is the joint to be in! I'll stick with the scumbags and hipsters in downtown Vegas.
I didn't get to stay here, but I sure wanted to.  I had a blast feeling like a gaudy rich girl with the ginormous chandelier.  I actually wanted to hate it because of their TV commercials, but at the same time, I liked those damn commercials.  It was new and shiny when I went a couple months back, so I hope they areable to keep this up.. . I like that the place is not super big, but still large enough to feel like you are in a vegas casino.  Ok, well it's big, but compared to other places in Vegas, it wasn't overwhelming.  The casino floor was manageable and they had some fun slot machines...of course.. . I also checked out the Wicked Spoon Buffet (to be reviewed separately) and for a buffet, I thought it was pretty good.  I don't generally like to eat at buffets, but I was with mom, and she is into buffets. :). . I can't wait to get back there and knock back a few cocktails.. . And be fancy with the chandelier.  See you soon Cosmopolitan.
Recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan in one of the wraparound  terrace suites. The room was awesome, very big with a huge terrace and amazing views of the Bellagio fountains. You could tell the hotel was brand  new because some of the complimentary items were still in plastic. They had PBR and Red Stripe in the fridge, my personal favorites. The hotel check in process is kind of painful as the automated system is still not fully up and running but other than that, this hotel is the place to stay in Vegas now. Def not for kids, its an adult playground that turns into a giant club on the weekends.
LOVING THIS PLACE!!!!! Free Wi Fi inside the casino. Like Lu E. I wanted to hate the place because of the stupid assed commercials and the snooty pretentious way that they insist on being called The Cosmopolitan rather than just the Cosmo. I have not fully explored the place, but I will definitely be back, even if it is on the Strip
good bye venetian...HELLO COSMOPOLITAN!!!. . wow what an amazing experience. i LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel!. . it's so modern and trendy...makes sense i found out a german bank owns this hotel...the staff was so friendly and helpful it was a great experience.. . the restaurants in this hotel are also awesome (look for my reviews on the buffet, D.O.C.G., and the pizzeria). . we got the 1 bedroom terrace: had an awesome view, japanese soaking tub with an attached shower, mini kitchen, king sized bed and living room. it's smaller than venetian/palazzo, but so much more trendy :] the lighting, temperature everything is controlled w/ the TV remote so cool!!!. . there is one thing that was horrible: MARQUEE! omg!!! we were on the 37th floor on the east side tower facing the pool...you can literally hear marquee til 5 AM! it was horrible. the second night we wanted to move rooms, but they didn't have our room so we just asked for ear plugs...GHETTO. i will NEVER stay on that side of the hotel. so if you're a party animal then you'll probably enjoy it...but i came to eat, relax, and gamble :]. . speaking of gambling...the tables have decent limits (min: $10-$15) a lot of slots!!! ranging from pennies to hundreds lol. the gambling was amazing! i loved the selection!!!. . also there are a lot of bars! the chandelier bar was amazing!!! it was so pretty and elegant...so high class/trendy! loved it...didn't check out the other bars but definitely will next time. definitely worth your money! check it out you won't be disappointed (but remember EAST SIDE TOWER FACING POOL = LOUD!!!!!!!!). . OH YEA! almost left out the most important thing...at this casino sign up for the identity card even if you don't gamble. every dollar you spend money at (bars, restaurants, shops, rooms anything inside cosmo) you get a point! which means you can get free food, gambling money, even rooms! a good tip! take it...i won't charge you :P
I just returned from a three night stay at the Cosmopolitan. I must say that it is rare I wish I was STILL in a hotel room. The Cosmopolitan did just that. The hotel itself is a marvel. It is pristine, new, and jaw-droppingly gorgeous. But, like anything brand new, not without its faults.. . The room itself was spectacular. Cutting edge design, gorgeous furniture, great bath products by Bigelow, and a bed that will make you wish you could sleep all day and night. The room was entirely automated by one of the two large Samsung LCD televisions (more on that later). The books displayed everywhere was an amazing touch, and I loved the wallpaper, steamer trunk, and artwork. After hundreds of hotel rooms, this may be one of my favorite ones..... . There were, however, some faults. There were some stains on the couch. I won't tell you what the stains reminded me of....There were leftover spaghetti noodles on the carpet from a previous guest (hello, vacuums), and the housekeeper seemed a little out of it and unsure as to what he was doing. I am not sure why a Miele dishwasher was actually in the room. It didn't seem to serve a purpose other than to say "Wow, there is a Miele dishwasher in my room". The tub was rather fabulous and the shower would melt away any cares from the most staunch water conservationist. Heaven. Really. The Kallista sinks were beautiful and the separate water closet was a nice touch The televisions, though,didn't work all the time and seemed 'frozen' for lack of a better word. Also, noise was an issue for us coming from the night club.55 floors up, we could still hear the night club on a Saturday night. It was LOUD. Be warned. You will hear it until 4:00am when they close. (and that's coming from the "Beck and Call" person we called).. . Overall, I highly recommend the hotel, the casino, and the restaurants, which were all great. I attended a large conference there and I must say that the entire staff, from start to finish, were all stellar. I can RARELY say that.The Cosmopolitan hasthe potential to be truly amazing. They just need to work out a few kinks. But, still, to me, one of the top 2-3 hotels in Vegas.
SWANKY...! Location is great. Only gripe would be that the lay out of the bathroom isn't great. If you're short then you'll need a ladder to get into the tub.We got a room that faced the front of the Bellagio which was great bec we could see the water show from our balcony. Our sliding glass door that leads to the balcony got stuck and while my husband tried to pry it open it came off it's hinges (oops!) we called the front desk and they sent someone up right away to take care of it. The guy who came up to fix it said it happens often, so be careful with that door. . . There was also a few stains on the balcony floor, which is not really a big deal but if you're spending that kind of $$ on a place I'd expect it to be spotless.
Girl Talk was performing at the outdoor Boulevard Pool area the night I came to The Cosmo. It was a freaking awesome concert, even though it was windy and cold as hell outside. One thing I really like about this hotel is that they have a giant LED screen outside the hotel that shows you all the main events going on live and Girl Talk was no exception.. . The entire hotel is VERY swanky and has so much art and other cool stuff to stupidly gawk at (ie: the three story Chandelier Bar which is made with $30 million worth of real crystals. No wonder everybody complains about Vegas' economy-maybe you shouldn't spend that much building a bar lol). The location is also very awesome. My only gripe is that this place is definitely way out of my budget (probably to help pay for that bar haha). Good luck trying to find a table for less than $50 on the weekends.. . However, when I become a millionaire, you better believe I'll be hanging out with the equally swanky 20 something-year-old glamour gods and goddesses the hotel tries to cater to.
Loved my 5 night stay here.  From the slots (paid me well), drinks, food, ambiance, rooms, pools (OMG), shopping...well everything was fabulous as it should be.. . Room: well appointed, spacious, & lush with amenities.  Everything could be done from your TV...order room service, reservation with in house restaurant, appointment with spa, or simply check out.. . Restaurants: Tried Holsteins and Wicked Spoon Buffet (see separate reviews).  Good.. . Casino:  Loved the vip treatment.  I was never short a drink as I played into the wee hours and sometimes made a little money.. . **my one complaint is I left a NICE pair of sunglasses in my room when we checked out.  I called from the cab and was transferred to a voicemail upon which I left a detailed message.  I hear no response and called again to be transferred to someone in security who's exact words at that time "I could do that but I am not going to"  WTF?  I simply asked him to inquire per the person who cleaned our room that day.  He refused.  I called again and got supposedly the man in charge.  He apologized profusely.  Reviewed lost & found...nothing found.  Promised to follow up with me as they had been having problems with customers stating they left things and nothing is turned in...really?  He never called me back.  Bad!
Absolutely beautiful casino hotel!  Everything was very hip and high end and fun.  The Chandelier Bar was amazing - you really feel like you're in the middle of a chandelier.  Great atmosphere, tasty drinks, waitresses in skimpy clothes - what more could you want in a Vegas casino bar?  Only issue: a few of my friends are cigar smokers and could only do so on level one.. . The rooms are amazing.  My friend and I had a 2-queen room that was decorated beautifully and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  On a Thursday we were able to check in early at around 11AM no problem.  however a friend was staying in one of the more popular 1-bedroom suite rooms and that one didn't offer any early check in.  The suite was to die for beautiful though.  Private terrace patio, a deep soaking tub with a terrific window view.  It even had a dishwasher (not sure if that's standard or not).  My only complaint about the rooms is that they had a coffee machine, but you had to pay for the coffee from the minibar.. . Ate lunch at Holstein's - great burgers and milkshakes (I had a burger called the Longhorn that had BBQ brisket on top of it - amazing!).   Had a yummy brunch at Henry's - the Cinnamon Roll French Toast was to die for!. . The only reason I'm giving the Cosmo 4 stars instead of 5 is that gambling was definitely more expensive here than at other casinos (we went to Bellagio and Planet Hollywood to gamble).  Table minimums were mostly $25 and up, with tons of tables even higher - $50 and up.  But if you're a high roller or a non-gambler, that won't be a problem.  Overall, I think this is a fabulous place to stay and to hang out.
Simply put. The Cosmopolitan is the newest, hippest, "place to be" in Las Vegas at the moment, and for good reason.. . Hotel: We stayed in both a regular 2 Double Bed room, and a Studio Suite, both the same size, but different lay outs.  Studio Suites w/ a view are amazing, but contain couches +1 King bed, a balcony, sink/fridge/microwave, and a large bathroom.  Why isn't this place for kids?  The shower.  Every room has a window looking into the bathroom, probably not the best idea for friends, but perfect for couples.  There also pictures of "sexy-feet" throughout the hallways, and sex is just layed out everywhere... right down to the concierge saying "Hi this is ______ at your beck and call" sexy.  The double bed room, where we stayed, was just for 1 night, because they overbooked...they gave us $100 credit for the inconvenience though (used gratefully @ the bar downstairs).. . Marquee: First off, let's get one thing straight, 'Vegas on a budget' means you ain't doing it right.  To party, live, and be like a baller...you're gonna have to make some sacrifices.  With tax+tip, its around $600/bottle for every 2 guys on the patio, and climbs higher as you get closer to the danc floor.  Outside is a $2000 minimum per table, and we had 9 guys...roughly $300/pp.  But this place is crackin.  The main stage is decent sized, but its all the various rooms, nooks, crannies, dance floors that make this place huge.  So many places/things/ladies to do!. . If you ain't got bottles or boobs, u will probably not get in.  VIP/guestlist line is almost as long as the regular line, and if you're not there by 8:30, u mind asd well go somewhere else.  People wait in upwards of 3 hours to get in, and don't...so don't set yourself up for dissapointment. If you wanna come in and party, be ready to pay the price.  . . This place is overall awesome.  Expensve, but awesome.  Style wise, party wise, and guest wise...this place holds up to "Just the right amount"
VERY COOL AND HIP ATMOSPHERE!  Awesome interior design.  Viewed a suite and it was amazing with floor to ceiling windows all over!  Very cool designer furniture as well.
The hotel is WOW.  Stayed there in January and it was still getting the "Kinks" out I would say.  No adapters for international travelers (sign of a great hotel ;-)  We had a super glitch on check in which took forever, but we were upgraded to a view of the Bellagio fountains, so all good.. The pools seem like they will be awesome in the summertime!  All in all cool new place on the strip, food was pretty good, club is overcrowded and line ridiculous, but there again, its Vegas.
I want to start off by saying -- This Hotel has one of the "Snazziest-Uber-Chic- Feel like a superstar Driveway". . The Lobby = Talk about uber chic, very nicely done, i specifically liked the digital art that wrapped the pillars in the lobby - it's somehow hypnotic, entertaining and fascinating. The walls of the lobby are pretty cool as well - I assume it's vinyl made to look like leather...very butch! ha ha (kidding) actually look pretty classy.. . The lobby is not that extravagant nor that big but who sits around and lingers for a long time in the lobby???...Hello, you're in Vegas - can't sit around and watch  the bubbles pop in that hypnotic digital art.. . The rooms - Very nice, it's the kind of bed you'd wanna sleep all day but then again you're in vegas that bed was really meant to be slept in during the day time because you party all night :D. . It's the kind of bed tha'll make you curse and cuz the next time you stay at a motel 6 - there's just no comparison :). . Had a great time at this hotel, we really enjoyed our stay, however, if there's one thing I could seriously complain about is...you have to pay for every single darn thing in your room...yes even for coffee. So if you don't want to spend $5 for a morning coffee, you just look that coffee maker in the eye (I mean at that teasing little screen) and just tell "IT" "you are not going to get a buck out of my wallet"
This place is darn nice.  Comfortable rooms, great furniture, nice staff, good food.  Our friends stayed in one the fancy rooms (2 bedroom terrace suite) and all I can say was AMAZING.  Marquee was fun, good music, extremely crowded but we had a table so didn't have to fight the crowds.  There are three pools in this place, only 1 was open.  I would love to go back this summer and check out the Day Club.  When in Vegas go all out and you could totally do this at this place.  I would for sure stay here again!
The best thing about this hotel are the fabulous rooms. We got a Terrace One Bedroom with a premium view which was definitely worth it, because of the cool balcony. Just make sure you try to get one in the West Tower. The ones in the East Tower are a little too close to the club, which has an outdoor patio with speakers. There are a number of great attractions within walking distance and the architecture is amazing. Definitely the newest hot spot on the strip. Why four stars? The hotel is huge and can be confusing and easy to get lost in. The entrance to Marquee was the stairs of the fire exit which we had to climb a few flights before getting there, but once we were there it was worth it.
Just opened up New Year's 2011! It's very glamorous theme is feminine/girly but still enjoyable. You feel like you're walking through some sleek, sexy jungle of crystals. Very new and contemporary. I feel like it's the new hotspot for everyone to go now.. . The rooms are definitely appealing. Very spacious and extra amenities than other hotels. Every room has a kitchenette besides the City Room (room with two queen beds) and almost every room has an balcony terrace with an awesome view.. . Fun fact: The building (casino/hotel) was originally constructed for condominiums, permanent residents and so forth. However, the contract didn't go through about half-way and so it was bought by the Autograph Collection and transformed into the glammy, sexy casino with spacious hotel rooms.
Stunning!  Looks and good service!. . I'm not a Vegas person. I'm not someone who goes to Vegas every chance I get...every long weekend, holiday break, or celebration is not automatically cause for going to Vegas in my mind. I've had friends who do...and I've participated but its not my thing...This hotel makes me want to re-evaluate that. . . This place is fantastic. And I was not even a hotel guest!!! I didn't stay here but I did just spend 4 days allover this b**** attending a conference.One long-a** conference.  Spending 12+ hours here for work.  Anyways, my review is of the hotel in general, their event spaces & service, catering, staff and bars/lounges. . . Just to get this out of the way, the drinks everywhere we went were totally fantastic. Fun, inventive, unique, tasty and strong!!!  This opinion may be partially biased because my drinks were 1.) also largely free (during conference evening "networking" receptions and/or paid for by my work) and 2.) I imagine there is probably some concerted effort to generally keep the business travelers/conference-goers "happy" and liquored up and more likely to hit the hotel's bars, dining spots, and casinos after the daily conference events are over, where they'll probably spend more money since they can "expense" some of their costs. Anyways, mucho kudos for the stiff drinks and the fun mixes. (Check out the "adult vitamins" at Holstein's!) . . As everyone has noted, the ambiance and decor are amazing. Its a good-looking hotel. Lots of beautiful glass and shiny metal work. Very pretty and modern. But also not too cold. Just the right amount of plushness and dark leather to feel some warmth.  Very with the times, electronic displays for hotel directories and info. Lots of chandeliers. Check out "The Chandelier", which apparently is the world's largest chandelier....something like 3.5 stories tall!   The pretty light fixtures in the conference rooms make a nice distraction when you're bored during an afternoon workshop.. . Service was decent in the hotel in general. The staff in the lobby, casino floor, valet, taxi stand, general "public" areas of the hotel were always friendly, attentive and seemed to make their best effort towards helping you out. . . The catering/event staff still met the friendliness/sincerity mark but unfortunately they seem to have a lot of kinks in their processes that need to be worked out. That has nothing to do with their politeness & what-not but the wait staff/catering crews seemed a bit uncoordinated and less than methodical in their set-up & workflow coordination.  Whoever is coordinating or attempting to manage the crew and oversee the set-up/layout for some of the receptions and luncheons needs to rethink some of their strategies and layouts.. . The food from the catering crew was definitely way better than their service/strategy.  I had no complaints about the event food and neither did any other fellow conference go-ers. Everyone seemed to love the food!  Lunch had a great variety of vegetarian and carnivore options. Fresh salads. Attempts at innovative combinations. Their versions of snack breaks were really cute!  They included some different items for workshops breaks that I haven't seen at a conference/hotel venue before. Different, interesting & more fun than normal. I love getting cookies and coffee at conferences but the Cosmo did it even better...caramel popcorn, candy bar assortments, handmade potato chips, clif bars, red bull & sodas!  It was a welcome surprise! . . Pros: Decor, catering food, strong/creative alcoholic beverages, friendly service, people-watching, location, style, for now I hear they are loose and fast with free room upgrades on weekdays. . . Cons: Catering staff/crew has some kinks to work out in their system, crowded in the evenings, can get a bit crowded in the evenings.. . If I was a Vegas person, I would stay here. For Vegas lovers, this is definitely a must.
Beautiful Casino, planning on staying here the next time I'm in town.. Looks like they have some very fun night clubs to attend and the Marquee Club looks like it is the place to be.
As I sit in the foyer of the Chelsea Ballroom inside the Cosmopolitan, I am writing this review. I have been working here as an independent contractor at a conference for the past three days. I have been exposed to the staff here and the casino itself in numerous ways. I also had the opportunity to visit the pool area and attend a free event that involved pool, foosball, ping pong, and free drinks. I must say, The Cosmopolitan has a lot going for it. There are a few stand out occurrences I would like to mention.. . First, I want to applaud the staff of the Cosmo, in particular their staff that handles issues regarding the phone lines and setting up the conference rooms for clients. The client I was working for was experiencing difficulties getting a credit card machine to work. The Cosmo's staff worked diligently on the problem until it was fixed. I even overheard one of the staff members on his phone saying, "what can I do to get this client's problem fixed within the next hour?" Also, the sales manager (I believe) even came down to deal with the issue personally until it was fixed. As for another note on the staff: they are friendly and engaging and seem to really enjoy working here.  . . The casino itself is very nice to look at. It smells nice and new. The abundance of seating is fantastic. The Chandelier Bar is beautiful and the secret pizzeria is a delight, especially for locals.. . My only complaint at this point in time is perhaps th strange player's club catalog you receive once you sign up for the club. It's stark and boring compared to the elegant nature of the casino. My father thought it was a financial advising pamphlet, rather than a pamphlet explaining a casino's player's club. Also, *some* of the art hanging around is somewhat questionable to me. There was a certain piece that looked like cheaply wrapped Christmas gifts in the foyer of the Chelsea ballroom. But I shouldn't be so overly critical.  . . All in all I love the Cosmo. I would actually love to stay here just to see what their hotel rooms are like. Good job Cosmo! You know how to step up the game in Las Vegas!. . PS - what is the deal with the weird circle of dog statues on the 3rd floor???
Oh you fancy, huh? . . 1 word: Fantastic!!  I am in love with this hotel, its so glamorous and rad. . . the glittery chandeliers all over the place, the different artwork & sculptures, the futuristic touches & the throwback vintage furniture.  it has it all!!  . the restaurants were great, nothing totally out of the ordinary tho, nothing adventurous-food wise.  but good quality food. . . the chelsea is kinda dumb only bc the bathrooms areint in the venue, they are outside of it and a ways away.  so during the black keys shows i had to miss out on a good couple songs bc of the trek to use the loo.  (only reason they get 4 stars) . . other than that, service was good, food was good, decor was fantastic, odds were fantastic.  me gusta!
I love this hotel for the elegant excitement it exudes (how's that for alliteration?).  I haven't stayed here yet, but maybe one of these days they'll give us a comp.  Hope springs eternal.... . Tonight we attended our second Identity Series cardholders' free event.  This was a "tasting" at the Wicked Spoon, their buffet.  Private room, all you can drink of the two specialty drinks that were available:  one was an apple and vodka concoction, and the other was a ginger beer and vodka.  Both were terrific, and I didn't get the name of either drink.  But before I could even get to Drink #2, I no longer cared  :D. . The food was buffet-style, and tonight's offering was Polish Cuisine (as in Poland - you didn't have to shine anything).  They had the a dish akin to stuffed cabbage, only the little meatballs were mixed with shredded cabbage, rather than stuffed into cabbage leaves.  I'll have to remember this - it's much less work to prepare!  It was delicious.  There were also fresh green beans that had a major kick; beautiful yellow beets and purple cauliflower that were pickled, but much too tangy for my taste.  And there was also hot borscht, served in little glasses with or without sour cream.. . Waiters passed trays of breaded pork filet "fingers" that were outstanding, and superb pirogies.. . The desserts were to die for - upscale pastries and mousses that for once tasted as good as they looked, and white or dark chocolate-covered marshmallow lollipops.  . . My group of seven was lucky to snare one of the four round banquettes that were available.  Others had to stand at tables, and this event, which was supposed to be two hours long, actually lasted quite a bit longer.. . This was a fantastic event,  and FREE!!! - and if Cosmopolitan continues to offer this kind of perk to cardholders, it will be a death knell to other casinos.  . . The ambience throughout the hotel is phenomenal.  My major quibble is that the casino does not have enough machines to pique the interest of us low-rollers.  Too many of the penny machines have outrageously high minimum bids, and they just turn me off.  If I wanted to blow $3 and up for each pull, I'd play dollar machines.  But I don't.  So I don't gamble any more money at Cosmopolitan, I just spend less time there.. . I have to give big kudos to George, one of the security staff.  When I first got to the hotel tonight I sat down at a slot machine to search my purse for my Identity Card.  I couldn't find it easily, so I pulled everything out.  Midway through the Wicked Spoon event, I realized my iPhone was gone, and took the long hike back to that slot machine.  The machine was right next to an escalator which, because it wasn't working, had George in front of it directing people.  He was still there when I went back and, praise whatever deity you worship, he had my phone!!!  Of course, the major thank you has to go to the honest person who turned it in to him, but that identity will never be known.  . . The phone caper was the icing on the cake for an evening that was perfectly executed and beyond classy.  I love this hotel!!!
I really like the vibe this place has.. It FEELS elegant, luxurious, and modern. (It helps that it is a new venue; anyone remember the Boardwalk???). . The Casino is smallish, but they have one of the few single deck Blackjack tables on the strip (most are standard 8 deck). Won $140 for about 20 mins of playing @ a $10 minimum too! Not too shabby.. . It also has fairly centralized location on the strip, so everything is pretty easy to get to from here.. . I'll be making my reservations here next time I go to Vegas.
This hotel is soooooo edgy and modern. I was blown away by the three-story chandelier. I stayed in the terrace one bedroom and WOW, the private patio is AWESOME! Nice bathroom but the shower was weak. The kitchenette is pretty cool with a microwave and mini-bar and I like having the flat screen TVs in living room and bedroom. This hotel is nicely situated next to Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood.
What a beautiful hotel. It feels very plush, very modern, and you'll walk outta here feeling glamorous!. . Crystals are all over the place, white bar stools, comfortable overstuffed couches and arm chairs. The place just feels sexy! Very accommodating and friendly bartenders, and cocktail waitresses. . . Met several locals here over the course of my Vegas stay. They seem to like to atmosphere here vs. some of the other places on the strip.
Amazing. . . The only reason why this place didn't get 5 stars is because it doesn't serve mainstream alcoholic beverages at the gaming tables!! I mean, I just wanted a beer. A Bud light and they didn't even serve that! Then I asked for a shot of Patron. "No! Sorry!" Don Julio? "Nope!" I don't know, seems kinda 'wrong" to me! . . Other than that, this is my new favorite spot in Vegas! Fun, upbeat and tons of stuff to look at! Being a local for more than 17 years, I'd say this spot is what Vegas needed! Food for every palette and shopping for all types of styles! I've eaten at just about every spot here. No complaints!. . Live music is a bit annoying at times. It was very distracting to listen to while sitting at the mini-baccarat table. I almost wanted to poke my eye out with the straw in my coffee. Besides the point, the staff was very nice and made me feel welcome. . . Can we talk about the vending machine upstairs? I could get false eyelashes out of this machine!! Make-up! Pantyhose!! Can I say one word? GENIUS! . . If you aren't there for gambling, eating or drinking, definitely go for the people watching!! I could sit there all night! Beautiful people with more beautiful people and a lot of people who look like they got ready in the dark! The Cosmo is a great place to be!
The hotel is beautiful and very resort-like. We stayed in a Terrace room and had a view of the strip. The room was huge and the decor was amazing. We ate breakfast at the Wicked Spoon buffett and lunch at the Poolside grill and the food at both was amazing. We found the staff to be very friendly throughout the stay.. . My only complaint is the pool situation. We were there in mid-April and the weather was hot and sunny. Unfortunately, the large Blvd pool was not filled because the hotel was hosting concerts Thur-Sat of that week and they use that same pool space for concerts. The website made no mention of this so I would advise you to call ahead and verify that the pool will be filled and open during your stay. There is another, smaller pool (The Bamboo Pool) that was filled, but by 10 a.m. there were not any chairs open because it was so packed. Even with the large pool being filled I would anticipate that there will be a lack of seating and advise you to arrive before 10 a.m. if you want a chair. . . Tip: We found out upon checkout that the hotel offers an airport shuttle for $6 per person. You can buy vouchers at check out. A cab runs about $35 so we thought the shuttle was a great deal.
My review is based solely on my experience from seeing the Robyn show here at The Boulevard Pool @ The Cosmopolitan this past Thursday.. That being said, this hotel is absolutely beautiful.  When you first walk in, you can't help but notice the three story tall chandellier.  It's stunning. But what's different about this one is the lounge that the chandellier is built around.  What an excellent concept.. As we made our way around the hotel, we were looking at the various pieces of art.  Tastefully chosen and placed around the hotel.. We were trying to figure out how to get to the Will Call for our tickets.  We found the first person that seemed available and asked.  He directed us to the escalator.. When we approached the escalator, we were told that it was unfortunately closed. This was because it was direct access up to the pool and the concert entrance was in a different place.  So we had to trek across the hotel, down some hallways, up an an elevator and then to one of MANY ballroom areas, where we found their "box office".. Normally I would have been frustrated that we had to trek all over the hotel.  However, having never been there and the place being brand new, it was nice to see the different parts.. Once we were finally granted entrance in to the pool area, I was impressed.  It wasn't anything overly extravagant like some of the pools, but it was definitely an inviting atmosphere.  For shows, they drain the ankle deep pool, and in the 3 ft section they place a riser to make the elevations of the GA floor a little more even.   The stage was a little high, but what's great about that is that, no matter where you were standing, you had an excellent view of the performer(s).. The reason they call it The Boulevard pool is becuase it's on the top corner of the 4th floor on that part of the hotel and it overlooks Las Vegas Blvd.  You have an excellent view of the entire strip.. There were several bars to choose from.  After getting a drink at one of their permanent bars, we tried to scope out where the best place to refill our drinks would be, as they have satellite bars like most hotels.  We decided on the one near where we were standing and inquired with the bartender what she had available.  When she asked what were drinking we told her Jameson & Ginger.  She said she didn't have Jameson.  Then she said, "Are you going to be in this area most of the night?" We advised her that we likely would be and she said, "I'll get you a bottle of Jameson and some ginger beer".  To which we replied, "Then we're yours all night".  Later I discovered our bartender, Heather Tool, had ties to my hometown as well as San Diego where we currently live. I was sold. She was definitely our bartender for the night.  We never had to wait for a drink and she was always attentive to our needs.  At one point we asked if they had cigarettes at the bar and she said no.  Her barback or bar assistant overheard the conversation and even went so far as to make a call so the cigarette girl could come upstairs to us so that we could purchase some.  In my opinion, that was definitely far above and beyond the call of duty.  It may not have been a big deal to them, but it certainly stood out in my opinion.. I really was hoping to have been able to stay here, but unfortunately we weren't able to when making our hotel reservations.  One day I'd love to go back and stay here.  As long as Heather is our bartender and everyone else gives us the stellar service they did that night.  Cheers to you Cosmopolitan, you just gained another fan.
This is a very stylish new hotel going through minor growing pains. They had 100% occupancy rate for several consecutive days and we had to wait for 1.5 hours for our room to be ready. Traveling with a toddler this wasn't easy, but we hung out in a fantastic corner suite with our friends until the issue was resolved.. . We didn't like the room they gave us. It was right above a nightclub pool and a concert stage and they upgraded us to a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain. I've heard from other guests that it pays to complain if you have a valid issue.. . The experience was very good. The rooms are great, views are great, the east tower has balconies in every room. The staff is very friendly and if you're into partying it's a total mob scene at night. There is no permanent show at The Cosmopolitan but the bars and the pool areas are top notch. The interior design and video installation at the reception area are very cool.. . Pros: location, style, comfort, balconies, nice beds, awesome walk in shower, tubs with a view. Cons: weekend crowd, bad parking garage (even the staff can't figure out the parking row indexing), minor annoyances (low water pressure in one faucet), poor menu system on the room TVs, OSD misidentifying actual channels on TV, overfilled down pillows.
Beautiful, cool new hotel in Las Vegas:. . PROS:  . . - Beautiful well-appointed rooms. - High quality amenities in the rooms. - Very comfortable mattresses with luxurious linens and overstuffed pillows. - Opulent bathrobes. - 3 pools to choose from. - Parking lot has red and green lights on all spaces to indicate the stalls have a car in them or not. - Modern, well-equipped gym, has 2 aerobic classes a day. - 2 outside tennis courts. - Front desk was very friendly, efficient,  and accommodating. - The rooms have light switches by the front door that say 'welcome' and 'goodbye' so you can switch them all on and off by dimming them. - Great location on the strip. - Secure...you need a key card to get to your floor level on the elevator. . CONS:. . - Not easy to find things....not labeled very well; a little confusing to get around the hotel. - Gym costs$12 a day. - Food and drinks VERY pricey....ALL overpriced...$5 for a small bottle of water is ridiculous!
Beautiful shinny rich textures and colors. This certainly were my first impressions. Every wall, floor and column seemed to sparkle with "bling". I love the three floor chandelier, it's absolutely beautiful!. It's very unusual for a casino to actually have places to sit and well just sit.  We found places like that all over.  . . We signed up and got our players card, I even tried a few slot machines, have to admit, I didn't win a lot, but walked away happy.  First time for us here, we brought family to take a look and knew we would be heading to the buffet soon enough.  . . I love what I have seen so far and if what I read about the rooms is anything like they say, we may have to give it ago.
I love this place.  It is so modern, sparkly, and just plain PRETTY!  BLING BLING!!!  I loved the bars in the middle (3 stories) and the chandelier. Colorful and full of textures.  Love it!  . . Cons - The place is so packed it is hard to move around in.
The hotel is amazing inside! If you love an art deco feel, then you will LOVE it here. I got into a little argument with the Valet parker because he was incredibly rude but other than that, a must see.. .  I took my cousin from England to the Club there and we had a good time however, there is nothing but stairs in this place!!! Be prepared to be sore the next day. They have different types of music in different areas(levels). I am a fan of XS at Encore and I still feel that way. Marquee was NOT m favorite at all!. . I would stay at Cosmo...JUST GO TO A DIFFERENT CLUB!
We had a suite party for my BFs best friends birthday. . . The suite of course had a awesome view on the 67th floor and we enjoyed it on a huge wrap around balcony despite the wind telling us to eff off. . . The inside itself was quite nice. It felt like a nice house (and originally supposed to be condos) since we had a little kitchen area and a small dining table along with a living room area separate from the bedroom. I think the bedroom overlooking in the bathroom is cute, but fair warning to not share a room with someone you will freak to see you nekkid in the shower. If you're in for a long stay- you have a washer and dryer. If you actually plan to use the kitchen you should ask for pots and utensils, etc when you check in. They don't keep any in the drawers, which I think they should since why have a kitchen that can't actually be used? . . We had to ask for certain things to be brought up including stupid shit like a deck of cards and the service came up pretty prompt. . . On a important note, plan well who has keys. You cannot get up to your floor without swiping your key and then it can only access the floor of that room and not all the floors.  So if you're planning also on meeting some of your friends that are getting ready in their room- you cannot show up and knock on their door. Someone has to go get you. . . I think this would be a good place to stay if you want to do CityCenter.  I like this much better than the Aria and the Vdara in terms of room ambiance and space.
We went to the Cosmo on a promo for a get away weekend.. . Self parking is located off a tiny driveway off Las Vegas Blvd.  Blink and you'll miss it.  The check in desk is located in the WEST tower, and should be labeled as such in the garage.  It is a long walk.  Check in was smooth.  My attendant, Abby, was helpful and sweet.  We were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite with a view.  She walked me to bell service and Daemion loaded up our stuff and took us to the room.. . The hotel has a very upscale, modern feel.  Lots of chrome, and highly polished wood.  The Chandelier Bar is a great place to sit and watch the action unfold.  The crowd seemed to be mostly people int he 25-32 range.  And at night, everyone looked good.  The Casino weaves throughout the 1st floor, with the occasional bar in between.  I did not gamble, so I can review the casino, other than to say the people in there were young and good looking.. . We were in the East Tower, which is closest to LV Blvd.  The room was well designed and beautifully appointed, if you like contemporary design.  It has a very modern look, and if you don't like that, you won't like this hotel.  I loved it.  There was a separate living room with a curved sofa, over-sized coffee table and chair.  The kitchenette was small, but had a microwave and dishwasher (to wash what?  There were no dishes), along with the Sub-Zero refrigerator/mini bar.  NOTE: that space at the bottom on the mini-bar is a FREEZER!  it's not a space for you to put your beer.  As we discovered the next morning.. . The bedroom had an incredible view of the strip and overlooked the Bellagio fountain.  There was a dressing area that separated the bedroom and living space.  The bathroom was huge, with double sinks, a separate toilet room and a Shower/bath room with windows opening into the Master and the deck.  The tub was big enough for two, easy.. . The hotel is located next door to Bellagio, across from Paris and Planet Hollywood.  It was easy to get to several hotels on the strip for dining, shopping etc.. . I enjoyed our stay at the Cosmo and will definetly stay here again.
Of all the hotels on the strip, the Cosmopolitan is the most hip. It has a very modern city vibe to it that makes it a great addition to the Strip.. . Visited this hotel/casino numerous times during my visit to Vegas. Their retail/restaurant mix is quite eclectic. They have tons of glamorous hotel bars with good decor. The ones here put many of the ones nearby to shame. This hotel has a nice nightlife vibe to it. I think the fact that they name a couple of the bars using James Bond movie references speaks for itself.. . Even the public art in the hotels is quite interesting. They have a number of public art displays including these large dogs and huge high heels sculptures that I came across in one of the common areas.. . I stayed at NY NY during my visit here, which was nice. But left feeling like staying at the Cosmopolitan would have been even better due to the location and the vibe here. I would definitely consider the Cosmopolitan on my list of places to stay next time I am in Vegas.
Pretty nice casino but its easy to get lost in. I had trouble finding my way to the Buffet and had trouble finding my way back to the Aria. Im sure its harder than hell to find the hidden Pizza place even with directions.
This is 2-part review. First I am reviewing the Cosmopolitan as a place to party. In the second part, I review it as a place to actually stay.. . I put off reviewing this joint for a long time. But since it's all Hipster Vegas ever talks about these days, might as well bite the bullet and kvetch about it. I'll start with the considerable positives:. . Upon entering the Cosmopolitan, the first thing you'll notice is that every square inch is encrusted in bling. It's like Bob Mackie rose from the grave, snorted a trashbag full of meth, and went apeshit with a BeDazzler. I personally dig this kind of over-the-top-opulence (it's Vegas, hello!), and the glitz is mitigated by the clean modern lines of the actual architecture, the abundant works of art, and the lavish distribution of kooky knick-knacks and gew-gaws like old-timey telephones and Foosball tables. Basically, it's the hipster equivalent of TGIFriday's.. . Aside from the decor, what I like about this place is that there's ALWAYS something going on in there, nightlife-wise. And I'm not talking about the douchebag nightclub -- Marquee (as it is called) has nothing to distinguish it from all the other douchebag nightclubs in Vegas, aside from the exceptionally convoluted and tightly-packed mass of whores and moronsout in front, trying to get in.  Once a new hotspot opens, the herd will migrate to that...but for now, Marquee is it.. . My advice, when coming to the Cosmo at night, is to avoid the 3rd floor entirely, which is where the aforementioned mass of idiots congregates. Instead, stay on the ground floor and enjoy one of three AWESOME options:. . 1. Book & Stage bar pretty much always has some awesome band or another jamming out -- FOR FREE! Not Top 40 cover bands -- REAL indie and alternative bands that are very often totally awesome. And the drinks are reasonably priced, for a Strip hotel.. . 2. Bond Lounge is lined with floor-to-ceiling Strip-facing windows that make for some amazing people-watching...and if you drink enough, you can pretend to be one of those Amsterdam prostitutes that sit in storefront windows advertising their wares. A girlfriend and I once flashed our hoo-ha and boobs to a passing sailor, and the double take he did was priceless! . . 3. Vesper Lounge, while offering the sort of overpriced "mixology" Cocktails (with a capital C) that I normally despise, is an EXCELLENT spot to sit and watch the hordes of sluttily-attired girls making their way from the valet over to the nightclub. On Friday and Saturday nghts, they just keep coming -- wave after wave, a tide of spawning salmon tottering upstream in sky-high stilettos and muffin-top-hugging Bebe hemlines that must be continually tugged at to keep from exposing the asscheeks to the wrong mating partner. It's great fun to watch!. . Aside from the nightclub, the only real negatives here are the pretentious and overpriced restaurants...and the fact that the clientele of young, fashionably-attired hipsters can become EXTREMELY GRATING and ANNOYING, especially when every other person is wearing those big clunky glasses with the black plastic frames that seem to be the required uniform here. I'd almost rather hang with the 'roided-out Afflicition & TapOut-clad douchebags at the Hard Rock than suffer through another night surrounded by twee dickheads in argyle sweaters and corduroy jackets. And I'd DEFINITELY rather hang with the toothless fanny-pack and Nascar t-shirt set down on Fremont. But, sometimes you gotta suffer for art.. . And what I mean by that: one night, a couple of hot girlfriends from out of town and I went over to XS (NOT my idea, I assure you). The hydrocephalic dickhead douchebag at the door wouldn't let us in without paying a $20 cover, so we bailed on that and went over to the Cosmopolitan instead, where we stumbled upon a trio of European DJs wearing giant papier-mache teddy bear heads, spinning freaky European electronica to a crowd of bean-eating ravers at the Bond lounge. Totally unexpected, totally surreal, and TOTALLY FREE! That's the kind of shit that happens at the Cosmo....and that's why I forgive them their arty airs.
I absolutely love Cosmo.  Not only are the new restaurants pretty darn good, but it's visually stunning.  I love the lobby area from the main entrance, where the columns are large screens.  Not to be vulgar, but it's a visual mindf&^k.  Don't come here stoned.  Trust me.. . Anyway, great restaurants, great discounts and rewards with their casino card (free), so grab one.  If you give your name and number they'll give you $10 to play on the slots.. . You cannot go wrong with a sparkly, shiny, hip hotel like the Cosmo.
Finally got a chance to stay at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. We booked a Terrace Suite on their website for around 140 a night midweek. The room itself was average. It lacked many of the techy features prevalent throughout many of the other newer Las Vegas mega-resorts and recent room renovations at some of the older joins - iHome, electronic curtains, etc. An odd omission for a supposed five star luxury resort. The number one feature by far is the balcony. Our room on the 21st floor of the East Tower overlooked the North strip with great views of the Fountains of Bellagio. My second favorite thing about the room would have to be the bathroom. It had a similar arrangement to Aria's standard guest room bathroom facility with a shower/ jacuzzi tub combo. I did find the windows that look into the shower area of the bathroom a bit odd, but the rest of the layout was very functional. The room also comes with a coffee maker, dish washer, mini bar, and 2 tvs (no tv in the bathroom sadly). The entire resort has free wifi too which is a major plus! . . One of the best things about the Cosmopolitan may be its small footprint. The layout is almost akin to a Downtown Las Vegas resort plopped right into the middle of the Strip. The resort is built right up to the strip, which makes for short walks onto the strip if you are staying in the East Tower. Another benefit that the hotel has is that its parking garage is underground. Just like at Palazzo, you are able to take the elevator directly into the lobby. If you dont wan't to walk through the casino to get to your room, request a room in the West Tower (all the City Room's are in this tower). The East Tower, however has the better views. If gambling isn't your thing, Cosmo's multi level layout allows you to bipass the casino by walking through the 2nd (shops + restaurants) or 3rd (restaurants) floors. The 2nd floor (near the shops) offers a direct connection to CityCenter via a pedestrian bridge over Harmon.
Beautiful, luxurious, and decadent hotel.. . I love the girly vibe with all the crystals, modern artwork and lush colors.  My friends and I booked a Terrace Suite, Terrace one-bedroom and a City Room.  All were amazing and clean.  I loved the suites because each had a balcony overlooking the city and a huge tub for some serious relaxation.  There was a lot of counter space and mirrors which was a plus for when a bunch of girls are getting ready to go out!. . What I love about this hotel are the many restaurants, bars, shops and places to sit.  The restaurant selection was pretty amazing and our group chose to dine at Scarpetta and Wicked Spoon (both really really delicious!).  I was able to check out the Bamboo Pool which was relaxing and also Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub...always a good time when with my girls!. . I was extremely happy with my stay except for the fact that some of the staff were a bit moody and gave some unwanted attitude, otherwise Cosmo would have been 5 stars all the way!
im such a cosmopolitan fanboy haha. love the decor and look of the casino- i think its kind of a modern yet old school vegas vibe if that makes sense haha. i've done everything at this place except stay here but i have seen the rooms and they're amazing too! bathtub and a balcony with a view of the strip haha. from marquee to the pizzeria to the chandelier bar to the wicked spoon buffet to the book and stage sports book - i love it all! . . major plus is their identity points program where you get points for gambling, shopping, drinking, or eating on-site. im slowly but surely accumulating enough points where fingers crossed i can one day stay here at a discounted or comped rate! i go to vegas a lot and stay at various hotels but i always make it a point to come check out the cosmopolitan! reserving that 5th star for when i finally get to experience a stay here haha
The Cosmo is RAD!  I LOVE the decor and kinda swanky old school feel of the place.  So much attention to detail.  The lobby with the plasma pillars was really cool, we happened to be down there when it switched from day to evening mode- so pretty!! )  We stayed a couple of months ago to see the Black Keys (who played an AMAZING show at the cosmo)  and had a terrace studio suite that was SWEET!!!   This is silly... but i just loved how every little detail was decorated.... even the wallpaper in the closet was super cool.  . We did have a tiny issue with our tickets for the show and i would have liked to see the hotel staff handle things a bit differently.  But all in all... i loved the hotel. the chandelier bar was beautiful!!!!   And i got a great burger from room service at 3 in the morning... 30 bucks for a burger... but damn it was tasty!  oh yeah.... even the garage was cool.  Obey Art everywhere!!   check out the owl on the 4th floor!
its a nice hotel.. i havent been to the hotel rooms yet, but marquee is there, which is the new hottest club.. . i wish i could say more, but i was only at the cosmo for about an hour...
Did a staycation in vegas at the Cosmo.  Honestly, I thought the new bugs would have been worked out. Ran into probs at checkin (ahem we don't show your rez).  Not starting out good, but I was quickly converted once the senior registration official found my reservation and upgraded the room to appease me.  Wow, well-appointed rooms, great view, the hotel decor a little eclectic, with chandeliers that I could swear were partially fabricated out of chicken wire sprayed white, but really interesting.  The view was amazing.  If I weren't a local, I'd truly feel like I was straight-wired to the pulse of vegas in that room. I liked the mirror columns in the lobby that reflected pictures as if there were built-in monitors in all of them.  Oh so soft bed sheets, almost enough to skip the night of gambling and roll around in them; so-so toiletries but a great bath/shower.  Not all of the restaurants were open. We chose Holsteins before gambling.  We started with the lobster corn dogs which i recommend and gobbled up but too few of them. I ordered the traditional burger plus aged blue cheese...i'm a sucker for hi-end stinky cheese. my date was not in an original mood so stuck with the basic traditional, which he said was perfectly medium cooked.  I'm not a burger connisseur, but the service was spot on and the food was Great!  After gambling the obligatory amount a local should, to do their share to contribute to the local economy, we had breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  I am rarely off from work weekends for breakfast.  That said, would I come back here? Absolutely.  I really liked that the majority of the food stations served individual-sized serving dishes of each entree.  I did not have to pick the freshest looking entree among the cafeteria sized serving pans.  They were served individually.  My eggs benedict was perfect with fresh hollandaise.  I also liked their eclectic flair of brunch items with a multi-cultural flair.  I saw hummus, figs, dates for the middle-eastern taste. The fruit was as fresh as fruit can be pre-season.  A wonderful buffet, altogether.  Time will tell if they can keep it up.    The only downside is that it is quite a walk from your hotel room.  My experience would recommend this place heartily.
You feel like you're among the elite here, as well as all of the art and the chandelier lounge encircling a bar in the center is a must see! . . *This review is for the pool, however, so all you summer goers and river rats might want to take this into consideration the next time you're here wanting to catch some rays...*. . For as small as the pool is, its actually the place you want to be if you're people watching or want to be at a pool where you just want to lounge around in 2 feet of water and not submerge yourself the whole way through. . . There's two decks, the first one with the main pool and the cabanas on the East end overlooking The Strip below, and the DJ booth plus additional chairs on the second. You would have to get out there *very* early in order to snag a chair because they only have a certain amount, and most of them are by poolside. Their cabanas are super fancy, with TVs, coolers, couches, and even curtains to close it off from the rest of the pool to make it very private. . . On the west end there's foozeball tables (I know, right?!), pool tables, and even a pinball machine just in case you get a little restless. The pool itself is mainly something just to wet yourself in and lay in, seeing as how I want to say its maybe 2-3 feet deep at the most? Regardless of that, I found it to be very relaxing and a nice atmosphere.
Absolutely a gorgeous hotel.. . This hotel is definitely designed for a younger, more hip crowd. It's darker and dim inside (by design, not because it's old), and there are lots of chandeliers and crystals along the ceiling and walls.. . Although I didn't stay here, I am definitely looking forward to coming back to either stay or have the opportunity to spend more time here to check out the rest of the resort.  We were too busy making our way up to Marquee to really sightsee =P
Great place to people watch (or ogle as the case may be as the place drips with eye candy). The casino is awkwardly laid out and not so inviting, but the upper floors have a major groove going.  And while you're up there make sure to check out the pool deck...awesome.. . The buzz/hype is firing on all cylinders right now so it really is a must visit especially if you're young and beautiful. (This is the first casino I've been to that makes me feel like an old buzzard.)
stayed at the cosmo memorial weekend, easy upgrade to balcony room,(gave desk clerk $20.). nice view and beautiful view, but was awakened at 3:30 first night there by a blaring alarm, i t was the loudest noiuse i have ever heard, after a call to the front desk it was turnewd off in asbout 6 min., not that big a deal, but kinda funny, casino was almost empty untill sat. night even then plenty of empty tables. beautiful pools but at the  boulevard pool no one seems to be in charge, couldnt rent cabana, and couldn"t even get a drink from a waitress, bamboo pool was much better very friendly waitresses and pool staff, resteraunts were great, but wish the waiter at STK had informed al cost   $150 for a 8 ounce fillet,wouldn"t mind but the other cuts were $40 $60 big difference should be informed,  my friend had a wrap around suite and the best time of the weekend was having drinks on the terrace watching bellagio show. would definitely go back. also pizza placew on 3rd floor is a blast
Love the look and "feel" of this hotel since I think it is beautifully decorated and the pool had a good vibe but the one downside to this hotel and one of the reasons for the one star off is the gambling.  My husband loves to play the tables, however, the limits on the tables during the weekend were outrageous.  There were quite a few tables that had a $1,000.00 minimum, needless to say these tables were completely empty all night.  We ended up leaving the casino to neighboring ones to have some fun gambling.  Another issue we had was our meal and bill at their sushi restaurant.  The food was scarce and the bill was ridiculous.  It should be a crime to charge so much for so little. Overall though pretty good hotel.
VERY FANCY! MUST DRESS ACCORDINGLY!. . I swear everyone is in dresses or suits just hanging out here. Everyone dresses like they were going to Marquee.. . This hotel is absolutely beautiful. The chandelier is breath-taking: I don't know where it starts/ends! Gorgeous marble decor from the bathroom to the shops. This is a good place for girls to take pictures in. . . It is definitely worth-while to check this place out.. . The Wicked Spoon Buffet is worth trying also. They have other eateries as well that I like.. . The parking garage is cool. There is a light above everyone spot; red light = occupied, green light = vacant, blue light = vacant handicapped spot.
Funky chic!!!. . This was the first time I have stayed at a Vegas hotel other than the Encore.  I was not disappointed, however, Encore is still my fav!!!  Sorry to admit that on The Cosmo's review, but it's the truth...plus...I still give The Cosmo 4 stars!!!. . I have no real complaints about this hotel.  The staff is great, bartenders AWESOME (Tim at the Chandelier Bar!!!), rooms are large and nice, customer service good, food is decent, and plenty to do within the hotel itself.. . The check-in process is quick and efficient, however, the staff at the front are not overly friendly.  They do their job, but that is about it.  Not a negative, but just expected  a little more convo and smiles.  However, Ali at the front desk is top notch...he provides the type of customer service I expect!!!  The rooms are quite large and funky.  The shower/tub area is ginormous and a huge plus.  However, shower/tub area is so large that it is freezing in there unless you are actually standing under the water.  So...didn't really get to fully use the tub area.  The vanity/sink top is a bit small for 2 people with lots of product, but not a big deal.  Other than that, the room is fab.  House keeping is very good at keeping up with messy peeps (my husBAND), but we did have 1 strange encounter with them.  My husBAND and a friend went up to the room 1 night to drop some stuff off and when they opened the door there was a lady in there.  My husBAND assumed he was in the wrong room as the lady just looked at them and didn't say a word.  He went back to the elevator and retraced his steps and ended up back at the same door.  This time he knocked and the maid opened the door and simply asked "May I help you?".  She just gave my husBAND the vibe that this was her room and not that she was cleaning it.  He finally got into the room, but just left feeling weird about her being in the room.. . We tried many of the bars and restaurants at The Cosmo and loved them all.  The room service food is a big miss, however.  Very bland and overly priced, but what room service isn't?. . The main floor of the Cosmo is predominately non carpeted and very busy.  Someone had spilled their drink and my husBAND slipped and fell.  There were many employees around, but not one stopped to ask if he was okay or to find out what happened.  I guess they assumed he was drunk.  We had to go over to security and tell them that they might want to clean the spill up so someone doesn't get hurt.  This example is my only real gripe about The Cosmo.  While they provide good customer service when you ask for it, they are not very perceptive about someone needing customer service.. . Oh...one more gripe.  We had booked our room on our debit card and given our credit card at check in.  When we left, our charges were charged to our debit card.  We called and were told that this is because this is the card we used to book and if we wanted to use a different card for charges we would have had to give the other card at check in.  WE DID!!!  Very strange, but whatevs.. . Overall a fantastic hotel and I would definitely suggest it to anyone visiting Vegas.  However, I do think the Encore has The Cosmo beat in all aspects so I will no longer be cheating on the Encore.  Wait...The Cosmo does have a better location than the Encore.  It is right near the heart of the strip and you can easily walk to everything.  With the Encore, you have to cab it everywhere.  That is a HUGE plus, but still sticking with the Encore!!!
The hotel was one beautiful. Felt almost like a botique hotel. Every corner you turned had an amazing design feature. Had a two bed room was dissapointed there was not a tub only shower. Also this room did not have a blow dryer. The time it took for staff to get us one was a little longer than usual. I would not reccommend this hotel for shopping. Very few stores,however, had a great restuarant selection.
I was honestly very impressed with seeing this place. I stopped here last week Wednesday on my first day to Vegas. I was just walking around all over the place that day and on my way back to Imperial Palace... I thought I would check out Las Vegas newest major hotel and casino. . It was very beautiful inside, loved the silver look and how even the outside building glistened in the sun perfectly.  . I stayed around the Race and Book area, but didn't bet on horse racing or anything. The Canucks-Bruins game was about to comeon and one of the big TV screens was about to come down but there was actually some kind of rock group playing at the time before 5 pm Vegas time.. . ***This hotel and casino area did smell really good too for some reason, haha. I know that is something funny to say but it is true. I doubt I would even stay here, I bet it is very pricey to get a room.  Maybe just visit Marquee the club next time, day or night.. .   I don't know why but I never did get the time to head back here the rest of my trip.  I did love all the beautiful ladies I saw here as well.  They were dressed up very fashionable and all, they also seemed like they were hotel guests here just playing in the poker area and also by the Race and Book Area.. I hope to see this place again next time I come back to the area. I wanna see the hotness and beauty again. It sucks too I did not get to meet up with one of my twitter buddies. She works at the place I guess as a chef.  We didn't get to co-ordinate anything and would've been cool to catch up for a bit IRL, I guess. Not in NY I guess.
The Cosmopolitan is a triumph. From bankrupt to bank, the fact that this place managed to make it to opening day should be celebrated.. . You took my money. I want it back. But I enjoyed losing it to you. Isn't that the point? I mean, if I'm going to drop a couple hundred bucks in the casino, at least you're taking it with a smile and even a handshake and free drink, just like a used car salesman. . . No other casino has made me want to sit at a bar and pay for a drink simply because that bar looks like a cool place to hang out, instead of getting it for free while playing craps. So, the decor is great. The layout of the place is non-standard and strange, but perhaps that only contributes to overall eclectic feel. . . Two other things I really admire about this place: the Art-o-Mats and the cool common areas scattered around. There is not another casino where you can play a free game of pool and sit on a comfy couch or chair in a common area on the third floor. . . These subtle touches set this casino apart from the rest because it seems less obsessed with your constant gambling and more focused on giving you a great overall experience. And that's why the next time I am in Vegas, I'm going to stay at the Cosmopolitan!
Such the hipster kind of place to be. It's old Las Vegas style, but updated for that chic-ness that appeals to the 30-something set. I really liked the design style inside when walking around. It has a fluid kind of look to it as well for a nice flow.
A 24 hour Vegas trip, what better place to stay but The Cosmopolitan. . Didn't have the luxury to enjoy the facility much, but took advantage as much as we did. We did get an awesome view of the Bellagio Hotel water fountain show and arrived just in time for our dinner at STK inside the hotel. The only bummer I had about the hotel was there were no coffee filters for our fancy coffee maker, so called the front desk and was told they would bring some up. Well, 40 minutes later and NO coffee, we checked out and got our own at Earls.
Every time I come here I like it even more. There is always new art to be discovered. Some of them interactive. One of these days I'm going to be sober when I walk through there so I can appreciate everything better. There is enough shiny stuff to make a capuchin monkey go into a seizure.
Review is for the interior and pools, did not stay here.. . The inside is dripping with chandeliers, crystals, and jewels.  Very luxurious looking.. . The lounge pools are crowded but a nice place to chill.  We were sitting in the shallow Boulevard pool.  Great view of Paris and other hotels from the upper levels.. . We also parked in their parking lot since we stayed at the Jockey Club next door.  Love the LED lights that tell you where the open spaces are.
This was my first time at the Cosmo, stayed 06.19 - 06.21.11. Received aninvitation for a complementary Terrace Studio, F&B + Identity Play, so I decided to take them up on their offer.. . Beautiful 4 billion dollar hotel, contemporary, high end finishes, feels smaller than it is.... . The woman at check-in was my second staff impression after a very courteous doorman held the door and welcomed me to the Cosmo.. . This front desk staffer was robotic & soulless, the human equivalent of an ATM. I tried my best to engage her, after all I was in Las Vegas to enjoy myself and excited to experience all the Cosmo had to offer. . . She could care less, no welcome, no explanation of the hotel or it's vast amenities, she looked down continuously, minimized eye contact, and rushed me through the check-in process. What was the rush? Her colleagues were standing around because the front desk was so slow, no one was waiting. In the end she mumbled something about a premium view and our room not being ready. . . Clearly the wrong person for the job. She would be better suited in a behind the scenes position with zero guest interaction.  . . After check-in, things improved... We ate breakfast at The Henry, food was a 7, service was an 8, cocktails we're a 10. Then off to the LV Convention Center to attend an event.. . When we returned early evening, the front desk staff was very accommodating. Our Terrace Studio Suite was excellent. The view of the Bellagio Fountains and Las Vegas Strip rocked. Comfy bed with European bedding, sleek furnishings, 2 LED, HDTVs, luxurious bath, shower & soaking tub, efficiency with microwave, dishwasher & Sub-Zero, outstanding private terrace with lounger.. . My only interaction with the housekeeper assigned was poor. Her overall demeanor was unresponsive, like she had the life sucked out of her. Later I had a housekeeping issue so I called guest services, it was resolved by another staff member within 20 minutes. . . Dined at Holsteins, Kobe beef burger was amazing, mac & cheese appetizer was poor, booze-infused shakes were delicious. Overall food and service was a respectable 8.. . Tried the pizzeria late night after seeing Holly Madison's Peep Show at Planet Hollywood. The staff was upbeat and accommodating, the pizza, mediocre. Food a 6, service gets a 9. . . *Overall the Cosmo is a 5 star property that delivers a 3 1/2 star experience. I am going to give them some time to fine tune operations and try them again...
Great hotel in the middle of the Vegas strip. The hotel room had a great lounge area and the bed was ultra comfortable. The shower was nice as well as the bathtub. . .   My hotel balcony facing the MGM Grand and Luxor was uplifting! They even have lounge furniture on the balcony that was nice to have a smoke and a glass a wine on.. . The Marquee Day and Nightclub are killer. The girls that work there are the hottest in Vegas and really nice. The staff is very nice to hotel guests and will let you cut in line for the Marquee Day and Nightclub.. . The buffet at the Cosmopolitan was the best I ever had. Every type of food you would want to gorge on, they have. The buffet is a bit pricy though. Its like $25 but your def going to pig out and fall asleep after and go rest in your super comfy bed in your room after.. . The only down size is that not everyone can afford this hotel. Its super super expensive. Room service charges a $5 order fee on top of an 18% tip for the room service guy. Room service for a 12 pack of beer is $95. The pool charged us $300 on saturday for two day beds, ouch!!! Our bill came out to $561.00 with an 18% tip included, but the girl was super nice and super hot, the service wasn't bad either, they treat you with respect and get your order fast because they know your paying too much. The dj's at the pool were killer..... . All in all, if you can afford to pay a few thousand for the weekend def stay at this hotel. If you can't be a player i suggest you stay at Harrah's with the rest of the people from the 909 and 818......only the fittest people can live this lifestyle'
We left LA at 1:30pm didn't get there until 7pm. Terrible traffic on the 15, you think that leaving at 1pm one would avoid traffic. We came here to attend EDC (Electrical Daisy Carnival). Us guys shared the room it was $420 per night so it didn't come cheap. . . Marquee pool party was the best everybody was chilled and fun. The only casual fast food available were Pizza, Chinese, and Mexican place. If you wanted wonton noodle soup you won't get it here. I think the Chinese place only offer four items, a few dim sum items.Clearly Cosmo doesn't want to highlight "food court" area. We did run into a few celeb which was cool since I'm a bit a of a sports fan. We saw Cam Newton. Russell Westbrook walked into my elevator and I recited his average game stats. He was impressed. On the way back from EDC we ran into Gus Hanson and we waved hello to him. We met many cool people and laugh the entire time.. . The only place open 24 hours was "The Henry" we went both nights. I ordered braised short ribs with Hollandaise sauce. It came with a demiglace sauce... borlandaise sauce? It was overly reduced and too salty.  . . Hotel was loud so this is not for a quite couple, but if you're sassy and roll with deep pocket you'll have tons of fun. . . "How do you know when you're in Vegas? When you have red bull and vodka for breakfast"
This hotel was bumpin. Period. The only reason for a non-5 star was upon checking in they had some issues with their computers and had to wait 45 minutes to finaly get checked in. But, they did try to mitigate the situation w/ offering complimentary cocktails and bottles of water.. . Other than that, the hotel room they gave us overlooked the bellagio water show and can sit on the balcony and relax....and at night picturesque,  Can see the entire strip all the way to TI. The pools were great, check out the one sitting on top of the strip. Overall the hotel reminds me of a boutique.  . . Quick tip, sign up for the "identity" program before you go so you would may be able to get some discounts on a room.. . The hotel is under the Marriott chain, so tack on your Marriott rewards # too,  If you are able to have financial backing of staying in this hotel, give it a shot.
nice room in the hotel. I don't know how i feel about the location since it was super far from venetian and palazzo where our friends were at. The pool on the 14th floor gets ridiculously busy fast. The wicked spoon is good in there. the mins are higher than other places and the shopping wasn't that great. I wish they had more normal store. The room with balconies def made up for it in general and there is access to everything else on the strip so not bad. marquee is also there along with 2 more pools.
The Cosmo is amazing.. the interior designer is a genius.. So beautiful. I've definitely gotta come and stay here.. but for now I will go buck wild at your awesome club, Marquee!. . Until next time.. :)
This the swanky, modern new hotel on the strip.  The visuals as you walk through the place are mesmerizing - art, sculptures, strands of crystal hanging from the ceiling, the works.. . We were upgraded to a wrap-around suite on the 25th floor and it was probably one of the best hotel rooms I've stayed in (and I travel every week).  Full kitchen, bar, laundry, two bathrooms (one with his and hers), living room, two 50" TVs, and of course, the giant wrap-around balcony overlooking the strip (get a north or east facing room for a great view).. . The Bamboo Pool was very chill - two bars flanking the pool area and waitresses walking around everywhere.  The buffet, the Wicked Spoon, was the best buffet I've had in Vegas ($75 for two).. . The only downside was that the Marquee "DayClub" was outside our room.  Even though we were 25 floors up, we could hear this all day from about 11AM - 6PM from our room.  I will say it was entertaining to watch, the place is pretty much a live version of Jersey Shore filmed.  Not so great when we're trying to sleep off our hangovers in the middle of the day.. . I used points for this hotel, and apparently the suite we got would have cost $750 otherwise.  I honestly would not pay that for a room (in any hotel, anywhere), but if you've got money to spend then this is the place to be.
By buddy and I checked out the Cosmo on a recent trip to Vegas.  We weren't staying there, but we checked the place out, had some food, and chilled for a bit in one the bar/lounges found throughout the property.  It's a good place.. . It's located in the City Center, which has somewhat of an office park feel to it.  Parking was easy, which surprised me given how busy the hotel and the rest of the city was over the July 4th weekend.  One really cool thing about the Cosmo's parking structure is they use technology to make parking easier.  There are signs indicating how many spaces are available and in which directions, and each parking stall has a sign above it that indicates whether the space is occupied or not.  These features combined made parking much easier than it otherwise would be.  . . This place draws a crowd, but a fun, upscale crowd by and large.  We had fun chilling for a bit in one of the several lounges found throughout the casino.  . . I'm putting the Cosmo on my short list of new places to stay at when I'm in Vegas.
This place is so sheek! Everything is so shiny and fancy, I feel like a million-dollars in that place.
Not staying just passing through - would definitely would want to stay here if in my budget - which I doubt, so Bally's it is.. . It's very pretty inside - love all the chandeliers and crystal draping.  All the furniture is very modern & hip - and I'm still walking through.. . Love that the public restroom has instant warm water - I usually have to let it run toget warm.  Their hand soap smells so lemony.. . The pool area has a cool view of the strip.
its very chandeliery lol & glittery kindda - its kindda smaller than the other casinos - the entrance is tight tho w/ the cosmo sign - marquee is always packed up the ass so good luck tryin to get in
The drive up to the 'C'osmopolitan is impressive; as is the check in; as are the guest rooms; as are the cocktail lounges and restaurants. Many hotels/resorts go out of their way to ensure the entrance, lobby, common areas, etc. have that 'wow' factor and the 'C' is no different. The great thing about the 'C' is they carry the wow factor into the guest rooms and throughout the entire property.  The crowd seems young, young, young...and I'm amazed at the lack of clothing worn in many of the common areas (away from the pool).  I could care less if the pool areas were clothing optional, but near the restaurants/bars/shopping areas, I don't need to see all that skin and/or bare feet.  But enough about that.  Simply put: The property is impressive!  ...and my stay was great, but not without a few hiccups. . . Cool technology:. The parking garage has green/red lights above each stall so you can immediately locate available parking spaces from several rows away. LCD screens throughout the property all responding in unison (whether music videos or simple electronic patterns) -- particularly impressive are the screens at the front desk. Many of the posted menu's and advertisements are actually interactive screens. In the guest rooms, the temp, the lighting, the music, etc. are all programmable through one of the two large, interactive LCD TVs. The technology is very cool!  . . The Guest Rooms:. My room was large with a living area (including seating/TV area, kitchenette and work station--free WiFi), a dressing area, a bedroom (w/ a second TV) a large bathroom (including a separate tub, shower and toilet closet) and a large deck with an oversized  lounging chair.  I have to say, my favorite thing about the room, is the bathroom. Both the tub and the spacious, walk-in shower have windows with blinds that open to the bedroom. The deep, square tub also has a window that looks out onto the strip (if you're lucky, onto the Bellagio fountain-side - I wasn't lucky and looked out over Aria and City Center with MGM and 'New York' in the distance.  The rooms also smelled great--strange that I would notice that.  My experience in Vegas has been that many of the rooms smell of stale cigarette smoke, which was absolutely NOT the case in the guest rooms...and quite frankly, I didn't notice it throughout the property.  I was on a lower floor, so it was a bit loud...but not bad.  COMFY BEDS!  Maybe that's why I didn't hear much noise.  . . The Property:. Overall, very cool!  The pools (3) and casino were good (I'm not big on either one of those things).  I ate at Henry's which was okay and Holsteins, which I thoughts was great!  The Chandelier Bar was also great.  All of them were overpriced...but everything at the 'C' was overpriced.  Although Holsteins did have a $1 beer special for dinner!. . The Hiccups:. As others have commented, the housekeeping was not up to par with the rest of the 'C' experience.  My room had a dressing area with a bench in the middle.  The bench had a storage area and in it were clothes from a previous guest.  Strike 1!  I left a message for housekeeping to remove the items and also mentioned it to the front desk as I left for the day.  When I returned that evening, my room had been cleaned, but the clothes were still there.  Strike 2!  I called housekeeping again, who was clearly aware of the issue and said someone would be right there to remove the clothes.  I stepped out for just a moment and when I returned, housekeeping had stopped by and placed the laundry service bag with a note explaining I needed to complete the form to have the clothes laundered.  Strike 3!  I again called housekeeping who said they would send someone to pick up the clothes.  A short time later, an individual arrived and again explained that to remove the clothes I needed to complete the laundry service form.  Strike 4!  After several attempts to explain these were not my clothes and that they were left by a previous guest, he removed them.  The next day, I received a call from security who informed me that some of my clothes were turned into lost and found and they needed me to call to confirm that they were mine.  It wasn't that big of an issue...but housekeeping was the only area that didn't measure up.. . Room: 5. Amenities: 5. Property: 5. Service: 4. Cleanliness: 3 (due to housekeeping issue). . I would absolutely stay here again!
Our friends stayed here, so we spent most of Thursday night exploring the huge casino and multiple bars. This is probably the hippest hotel in Las Vegas with an ultra-modern decor and a swanky yet inviting style. The four story bar is a real marvel.
I don't go to many casinos, but this is one of the few that I go to often.. . Great for people watching. Lots of beautiful people and short dresses to ogle.. Love Book and Stage bar and the new up and coming bands that they book to play, and you can watch them for free. I always get the "Run for the Roses" drink, kind of their take on a Mint Julep.. The restaurants vary and will satisfy every taste. Cool, interesting shops, some a bit pricey but its fun to window shop.. Love the art that is scattered through out the casino. Don't waste your $5 on the "art cigarette" machine, I haven't heard of anything good coming out of them. . The roof top Boulevard Pool is really nice. They do movies there on Monday nights and hold concerts there also.. Parking can be a pain, those fancy lights above the parking places aren't always accurate. But I love the fact I can avoid the strip and get it around back.. Be sure to sign up for a Identity players card, they offer members special perks.. I haven't gotten to see the rooms or club yet, so I have no comment.
@Cosmopolitan_LV Pink chandeliers!!. . The moment I stepped out of the elevators and saw pink chandliers...I knew I would like this place.. . The Cosmopolitan is amazing from the outside and the inside. Outside it looks like a small thin building and then you enter the parking structure where there are huge silver letters spelling out COSMOPOLITAN.. . When I stepped in there was fuschia/purple carpet with matching leather seats. I took the elevator to the main casino and looked up and saw the prettiest and coolest chandliers I've ever seen. Pink chandeliers!. . The pink chandeiers are just the beginning. From the casino to the hotel lobby to the conference room there are unique art pieces everywhere. Among some of the cool things I saw: a brown fabric couch with an antique black dial up phone, a white shell art structure, rainbow colored paper art pieces covering the walls, colorful structures of people and paintings of all kinds. The artwork and unique things to see go on and on at the Cosmopoilitan. It almost gives you a feeling tha are in an art museum instead of a casino. It's really too cool.. . Their shopping area is neatly layed out too. They have a window like wall with different colored lights and an each panel is an item that you can find in their stores.. . Even their lounge/bar called The Chandelier is awesome in how it is set up (separate Yelp review for that).. . The conference room areas for The Cosmopolitan is amazing too. It is so spacious. Plenty of sofas and seating. Perfect for a big conference.. Even in this area there is plenty of neat artwork on the walls and in various stands. There are large windows in the conference room area and the view is the beautiful Strip. Another neat thing in these areas are they have touch screens that map out where everything is.. . I was also able to check out the pool area which is called The Boulevard. It is beautiful. There is an area where people can play pool right by the swimming pool. One main big swimming pool is surrounded by palm trees and you see the bright lights of the neighboring casino. It's such a relaxing and perfect place for a nice swim.. . I also want to state how clean this casino was too. It's well maintainted. I also liked how it did NOT smell like cigarette smoke at all. It's pretty nice when you walk out of a casino and you don't smell like an ash tray.. . The pretty in pink chandeliers was the first thing I saw and it truly was and indication that I would like this place. Clean casino, cool art pieces everywhere, neat places to shop, eat and drink and a beautiful pool area. I am a fan.
If you like hookers.. You'll love the cosmopolitan. Seriously, I don't have a trained eye, nor have/will I require the services of a lady of the night.. But I can tell you this place is full of hookers.. . Enough with hookers.. Chandelier bar is awesome like everyone says. Marquis I wouldn't know because the line out front was comparable to the Compton Walmart  on the morning after thanksgiving. Obviously some of the clientele is different and so is the attire.. But to give you an idea of how many people are trying to get in there.. that's all I'm saying. . Everything about this place is cool and done right. Enjoy this place.. But watch for the hookers.. Enjoy this place California..
Loved the main areas, wasn't thrilled with the room.  I hate a love/hate stay, mostly love, but I wondered why there was a disconnect.  The hotel is a vibrant, beautifully decorated, modern hot spot.  My room was kind of dirty, missing a bathroom doorknob, and blah compared to the rest of the hotel.  I loved the common areas like the lobby bars and conference rooms.  I loved the bigger health club with the boxing ring and state of the art equipment.  I loved the free pools and had great times there.  I was thoroughly unimpressed with the Marquee nightclub and dayclub.  After a lot of hype, it was a big letdown and I stayed less than 1/2 hour in both.  I was not thrilled with the food choices in the hotel, and the retail selection was strange, but it was overall a very good hotel to stay in and I'm glad I did.
we had such a blast staying at the cosmo as one of those larger groups that get a bad rap in other reviews.  we had a whole corner of the west tower that faced the bellagio, including one balcony (our room) and two wraparound one bedroom suites.  the staff was incredible, the hotel was super clean and the casino tables were state of the art.  the hidden pizza place was definitely there, but we just got a couple beers.  theres a mexican/asian restaurant there that i would highly recommend.  the food is a la carte by style, so no odd dishes.  some of the staff said wicked spoon was voted #1 buffet in vegas, and boy were they right.  we ate there twice for lunch, not bad at $25 per person.  they charge $115 per night for incidentals which i thought was pretty high, but it is vegas.  from the valet to checkout we had a great experience.  we will be back again.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVED The Cosmopolitan.. . Aesthetically, all the common areas of this hotel are gorgeous from the Chandelier & Vesper bars to the lobby and restaurants. I definitely appreciated not having a casino, not having decrepit smokers on said casino slots and the overall absence of overly-skanked out visitors. There's certainly an air of sophistication here that's missing from every other higher-end hotel from the Four Seasons to the Trump and even the Bellagio. Perhaps it really was those snazzy, seductive ads. . . The first time we were here was for opening week and the service was amazing. We were upgraded to a terrace suite with an unobstructed, magnificent view of the Bellagio fountains and the Strip. It was really beautiful watching the fountains at night from our double wide balcony and lounging pods.    . . The suite is massive and clocks in at about 500-600 square feet. Modern, spacious--it's definitely a looker. Then there's the view. Simply put, incredible. Let's just say that the Bellagio fountains never got old. We made it out to our balcony every night the moment we'd hear them go off. A special shout out to the dual rain shower, the Chandelier Bar and their uber potent mojitos.
New hotel on the Vegas strip always attract alot of tourists.... . This hotel was very clean looking and busy.. Casino limits were high on a Friday night.. This has the hottest club in town - Marquee.. If you have more guys than girls - it will be real hard to enter.
fun and huge! very fancy!!! but too many stairs at marquee!!
There's new and there's stylish and new and the Cosmopolitan made me feel like the latter.  I walked inside and the place is just pure Bling!  Like dazzling, sparkling stuff everywhere.  Beautiful people working there, beautiful people visiting there, that freaking awesome looking bar that is its own floor.  I know for sure that this hotel/casino definitely left a memory with me and when I go back, I definitely will try to score a room here.
My family and I recently stayed here at the Cosmopolitan.  It's really fancy and pretty in the lobby.  Smells good and very modern.  The casino does not have a good payout, so I don't suggest gambling here.  We only ate at the Wicked Spoon for breakfast/brunch.  It was ok.  Nothing spectacular to me.  Good variety of food.  ($22/person, $12/child)  . . Customer service was good except for one girl at the desk who I felt was so preoccupied.  I had asked her for extra towels.  She said Ok, I'll get you extra towels.  A second later, she said...yes, extra pillows.  And then I said, no, extra towels.  She looked at me said...let me write this down..extra...?  pillows?  I said, no, towels.  It was like a foreign language to her.  But towels were delivered even without us in the room.  Housekeeping even called to leave a message to ask if we had received them yet.  But they never cleaned our room.  No biggie though, we were only there for two nights.. . The room was nice and pretty basic for a Las Vegas hotel.  Decor was nice and beds were great!  Felt like sleeping on a cloud!  There was a mini bar and a mini fridge.  The one strange thing about the room, there was a full length window of the shower stall to the bedroom.  Luckily there were blinds to close it up.  Not so good for a family with a young child.  My child kept asking me what the window was for.  :x  We didn't have any issues with noise in the hallways or neighbors.  Just a few drunk young adults during the daytime, but that's to be expected.  . . My missing star is for the wifi.  Although there was free wifi, it wasn't accessible.  I couldn't even make any calls with my cell phone.  We were on the 29th floor.  Even in the lobby, I could barely use the wifi.  Overall, I would stay here again.
The Cosmopolitan is sexy from the moment you enter the hotel. Yes, sexy. Check out their lobby next time you're in Vegas. There's nothing quite like it.. . The hotel has the casino on the ground floor, the shops on the second, and restaurants on the third floor. From there, you'll need a key card to go up to the upper floors--which I think is awesome.. . There is nifty art pieces all over the place. The ceilings looked very cool too.. . The food is spectacular. Make sure to dine at Scarpetta if you have extra dough. It is more than worth the price.. . They also have the secret pizzeria for those looking to spend less on food.
This place is really beautiful and centrally located in the middle of the strip. The crowd is a little younger, sometimes bordering on immature, but that's because it's one of the places to be seen at the moment; have a walk through and you'll understand why.
We were one of the lucky ones to get a postcard in the mail offering us two FREE nights. Well yes twist my arm I  think we will take you up on that offer! So we book it and go. It was not a grrrreat experience- room was not ready- several glitches in the whole experience. They had only been open for 3 months at that time. But then lo and behold. we get ANOTHER postcard. Two more free nights. OK. Why not! This time things were not so out of control. Room was ready, all went smoothly. From the balcony of our room on the 62nd floor it overlooked the Bellagio fountains and a night shot of Paris across the street. We went to try the Buffet but it was $34.95 each for Sunday morning. We knew we could not possibly eat $70 worth of food so we passed. Just little too rich for our blood. Shops were so so. Especially with the Caesars shops within walking distance. The parking garage is below ground, It is pretty cool. There are little lights above each space. If it is occupied, the light turns red. It it is available it is green. So when you look down the aisle you can see whether or not there are any open spaces. Why hasn't anyone thought of this before? Genius.
wow!! beautiful, spectacular., love it .As we walk in a friendly check in service, got a beautiful one bedroom apartment with terrace,spectacular view towards  Bellagio .really high tech,very specious .All the Valle people very nice.Our bell person Lydia Moreno  very nice friendly informative show us around.. i did my hair at the salon by Andeen she was very nice friendly and done a good job for my bridal hair. .  the pool was,t what i expect.it,s not that deep or big.the one by the strip the closing hour said 11 but at 10.45 when i was try to visit to try to take some picture and try to walk around a very rude young man ask me multiple times to leave and tell me his boos order him to do that.i ask to spik to the manager he toll me to find him some were out.and the second back up a security guy is coming.that ruin my night.the second day i call to speak to the manager in charge Eddie Feliciano,they told me he was,t available and he never try to return my phone as i ask.I want. to be clear why it say closing ours at 11 but they told me on the phone 8,with out any specifications.. we spend weekend also there. the atmosphere because of the club was very a life ,elegant and a lot of sexy girls.. we request our room to be touch up for the day were we have photos taking  for our weeding day in the gorges room and  it took about an hour.. we barely made it .. But over all I love it I enjoy my vacation we definitely  gone came back there.And if the pool manager would call back to clear the closing hours would get 5 stars from me.
What do you get when you combine one of the hottest day/night clubs in Vegas, one of the best tasting buffets of all time, and the most glamorous decor in your room and in the hotel? BLAM! You got the Cosmopolitan! This place is aesthetically pleasing because all the hot people wanna come and party here, BUT here's the catch! You better not be ballin' on  a budget cuz this place is pricier than a Louis Vuitton wallet...on SALE! You don't have to stay here to party here though! . . Marquee Dayclub: Best pool party during the day w/ famous guest DJ's! Get drunk, hit on girls, and wade waist deep in the pool to hide your gut. Lol.. . Marquee Nightclub: Best night scene in a multi room club also w/ guest DJ's! You will literally get lost in here and your friends will have to pick you up at the Marquee Lost and Found.. . Wicked Spoon Buffet: If an orgasm was in food form then it'd be Wicked Spoon cuz literally every bite is like "ohhh ahhh awww mmmm".. . I didn't stay at the Cosmopolitan, but I was here all weekend cuz it was the most crackin' place to be!. . Eat, Drink, and be Merry! Enjoy!
The Cosmo is a very hip, modern hotel/casino on the Strip, but I'm kind of an old-fashioned guy when it comes to Vegas, so I do like a bit of the "old-style" touches like at Flamingo or Imperial Palace. The Cosmo has none of that, instead using huge crystal accents and open spaces with cold, hard floors to showcase the latest in technology and customer traffic management.. . Since I only walked around here I can't speak of the rooms, just the casino floor and the ambiance of the main lobby. Granted it is fresh and beautiful, but I honestly can't tell if it will be "timeless" and worth going to time and time again as the years go by. If you depend too much on artificial coolness to get by, then it will cost a LOT to maintain it, rather than build a heart and soul-for example MGM still looks decently modern and is capable of having that heart thanks to the psuedo-loop that goes around the casino.. . 4 stars, but I would not be surprised if later on it gets much worse.
It is so beautiful in here and it smells like cucumber melon!
I stayed here recently for a sales meeting, as this was one of the few places in the country that could hold all 1500 people attending my company's meeting. I really hope we come back next year!. . Here's my breakdown of everything:. . - The hotel itself was gorgeous and very Carrie Bradshaw. The detail in everything was phenomenal, and you can tell that so much time and effort went into the esthetics of the hotel.. - Our room was spacious, the beds were comfy, the shower was a nice size, and I loved how you could control the lights and temperature right from the phone! Some of my co-workers ended up with rooms with balconies, hot tubs, and full kitchens!. - The gym in the west tower was nice. There was a lot of equipment, although I personally was not a fan of the treadmills. It was difficult to move back and forth between speeds and I run intervals, so I wasted a lot of time just trying to move back and forth between my desired speeds. Also, I tried the Spin bike by the boxing ring one day, and the bike itself was really off.. - The pools....the first day, we went to the Bamboo pool. Very nice, plenty of waitresses around for food and drinks. My biggest issue was the positioning of the pool and the sun. Aria was completely blocking the sun by about 4PM at both the Bamboo pool and the Boulevard pool, which we went to later in the week.. - As far as the actual meeting space, the main ballroom was big enough for all of us. The banquet food was actually pretty bad, especially compared to the food in the rest of the hotel. There were plenty of meeting rooms on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th floors, so it was nice that all of our meeting rooms were confined to those three floors, for the most part.. - The location is great! You're right next to the Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood. Although the hotel itself stretches back, there is an entrance right onto the strip by The Henry restaurant. . . All in all, a lovely experience, and a nice addition to Vegas!
Cool place to hang out when in Vegas...
The Cosmopolitan certainly is impressive: touchscreens at check-in and along the walls in the conference areas; beautiful pools; Sirius in your hotel room; and great views. . . It is clearly aiming for the high-end/trendy crowd with flashy walls of video and animations and top-notch music in the elevator (LCD Soundsystem, Peter, Bjorn, and John, etc). . . The rooms are clean and stylish - with a giant TV that controls the lighting and heating and ambiance in the room. The showers have a large window in them which overlook the sleeping/living area. . . The room service was great - although I only ordered breakfast. They were honestly some of the best eggs I ever had. . . Now, for the bad -  the wake-up calls never worked - whether I set it through the TV or touch-screen phone. I nearly missed an important meeting my first day. Others in my group complained that their room wasn't serviced by 5pm, as well.. . In my room - I did not have a dry cleaning slip to write-up and it took me two days longer than normal to get my dry cleaning handled because of that oversight. . . You could do much worse with a hotel choice in Vegas and they still have time to get some of their problems fixed since they have only been open half-a-year at this point. I would stay here again - and will likely have to for work, anyway.
very nice casino! it is small but from my understanding the place was suppose to be condo's and not a hotel so things changed nonetheless nice dealers, very clean place and will come back.
Stayed here recently with my husband and we loved it! The decor is absolutely beautiful (more upscale and trendy than some of the other hotels). They did a great job using the latest technology to accommodate their guests. For example, iPads at the check-in counter to browse and sign your name. In the rooms, everything (such as a/c and lighting) can be controlled on the TV. The bed is also super comfortable. My only complaint is that the walls are super thin. I was able to hear guys next door goofing around all hours of the night. If it wasn't for them, I could have slept like a baby. I guess my fault for not bringing ear plugs but luckily they checked out the second day. =). . The property has a different atmosphere than the other popular hotels like Bellagio, Venetian, or Wynn. First of all, everywhere you turn, you are bound to see beautiful people wandering around. You know how when you go to places like Bellagio and you see older, touristy people? Well, there was really none of that at the Cosmopolitan. Just young, hot people who were there to party it up. Make sure you bring your hippest, sexiest clothes. You do not want to feel "under dressed", trust me.  . . The only time my husband and I had to leave the hotel was to shop. I can honestly say the Cosmopolitan had everything so that we didn't have to leave. Restaurants, bars/lounges, and the fabulous nightclub, Marquee. Good times! Can't wait to go back!  . . Note: they had free wifi which is another big plus in my book!
This place was amazing.  It was as if old school Vegas was making a comeback inside.  Everything exuded class and style, and the staff were all very helpful and friendly.  I will seriously consider staying at the Cosmo on my next Vegas visit!
this place is SO quintessentially vegas.  with dripping chandeliers, and glitzy bars, and of course, the nightclub marquee, its definitely worth a stop for any vegas trip!. . ... but really, i loved their pool!  it was hot, our feet were swollen, and that water felt so good!  i also really liked the set up, with the "lounge" areas, djs, and view of the strip.  a perfect place to recover after a long night!
i didn't stay at the cosmo but had friends who did so we spent a lot of time in their rooms before going out.. . . rooms: good sized rooms, comfy beds, big bathroom, and balcony.. . . food: ate at holsteins and wicked spoon.. yumm.. didn't get a chance to try the "secret" pizzeria so i'll have to do that next time. . chandelier: so amazing to see in person. . marquee: hmm, still on the fence on this one.. smaller than expected and those stairs! ouchh.. . . this hotel is very modern and sleek.. i wouldn't mind staying here on my next trip..
Stayed in a suite last few days. Nice look and feel to rooms. Love the open showers and bathrooms. Wraparound balcony has great views but to hot to hang out there. They were designed to be condos so there was a kitchen and washer/dryer. Great for pre and post partying with large group. Staff was extremely helpful. . . Decor is great. well done to detail.
I like the Cosmopolitan and during my time here, I've always had a room with a good view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. My first time in Vegas, which was years ago, I stayed at the Bellagio. At the Bellagio my room was basic and cost about $300 that night and didn't have a good view at all. In order to watch the fountain show, I had to actually go outside and view it with a bunch of frumpy tourists. My patience for that type of thing is very limited so I got over it fast. It was really nice to be able to watch the show while having a few drinks on the privacy of my own balcony at The Cosmopolitan. I've additionally stayed at the Wynn, Palms and Palms Place and The Cosmopolitan has them all beat.. . The casino of the Cosmopolitan is nice, are there casinos in Vegas that I find to be more classic? Yes, but the Cosmopolitan is very hip and...cosmopolitan. Due to it being the newest hotel in Vegas, it does draw in a fair amount of trendy people. This hotel is definitely a great place to stay at if you're looking to have a crazy, fun Vegas trip, there is a lot of that energy here.. . Additionally, the pool is amazing because it's complete with a view of Las Vegas unlike the other good hotels (Bellagio, Wynn, etc.) which have pools on the ground level.. . Marquee is the dayclub and nightclub at the hotel and definitely one of the better venues for drinking in Vegas. I'm not going to say the crowd is amazing because it's relatively general public, like everything else in Vegas. Essentially, you dress up, wait in a line and get in. I will say, the space is nice and because it is the newest spot in Vegas, you will get a lot of attendance. What I love MOST about Marquee is the staff is extremely accommodating and nice. They go above and beyond to make sure their guests are having a good time and are very attentive. There's a frozen lemonade alcoholic beverage that is AMAZING as well.
We actually got a great deal for a 2 bedroom suite (2 queens, 1 king, and sofa pull out) with 1 roll away bed (sleeps a total of 9) that wasn't listed on the website.  It's always a good idea to talk to a live person on the phone instead of trying to reserve it online.  . . Since it was my first time at Cosmos, I didn't really have any expectations, but I was impressed with the lobby and the large columns of TVs displayinginteresting plants and books.  The 180 degree view was amazing and you could see the fountain show at the Bellagio.   It was also great to have 3 tvs in the entire suite.  The rooms were decently sized, but I have to admit the bathrooms were awkward.  On one wall, they have blinds separating the bathrooms from the bedrooms.  I would definitely stay here again and check out Marquee.
The swanky new hot spot! Great vibe and a very young crowd... did some gambling here thought it was over all a good spot to be but didn't see the Cocktail server very often. I look forward to visiting again and checking out the BLVD pool.
The Good:. Beautifully decorated with a modern yet elegant flair. Smaller and more  intimate compared to the much large hotels on the strip. King Terrace Suite with Bellagio View was Incredible (ask for West Tower rooms. It's a smaller tower with fewer rooms and great views. It's also closer to the restaurants and shopping). Bathrooms are enormous with japanese soaking jacuzzi tubs, showers large enough for a party, nice living area, kitchenette, 2 flat screen t.v.s with all the update technology you could ever want (control lights, room temperature, music stations, movies, schedule wake up calls, etc.. Some great funky shops including a sneaker store with one of a kind shoes.. Great hidden pizza joint on the 3rd floor (won't see a sign. you have to ask about it). Loved Holstein's burger and shake restaurant.. 3 pools to choose from, 1 being the Marquee Day Club if you want a club vibe. Have to pay to have a place to lay/sit, but the fee goes towards any food or drink you order. . . The Bad:. The mini kitchens in the king suites have a dishwasher, microwave, mini refrigerator, sink, lots of cabinet space. The problem is that it wasn't stocked with plates, utensils, etc. so how could you use the kitchen really? Very bad planning. Plus, no coffee maker in the room. You can't have a kitchen with no coffee maker. The refrigerator is stocked as a full mini bar with no place to put your own things. We shoved our things on top of the things they had in there and the maid took everything out. Kind of lame.. . Service at the Boulevard pool was really bad 2 days in a row. And I mean REALLY bad.. . Alot of the restaurants are trying to hard to be "out of the box." Menus are a little too unusual. I can see a couple of restaurants being very unique but not the majority of them. There is nothing wrong with taking traditional food and doing it REALLY well. Sometimes going back to basics is a good thing..... . Even with the Bad I listed, I will be back. You just can't beat the rooms, views, location, Marquee Club (day and night), and the whole vibe....
I was in Vegas two years ago when construction seemed like it was halted on this place. This place make me feel like I've stepped onto the set of Sex and the City -- and I enjoy it. The huge chandelier, the open elevator and the fact that there's plenty of room to lounge, drink and I'm not stuck trying to figure out where the exit is. . . Its clean, modern and beautiful. Supposedly it was supposed to be a high rise living space (hence no casino) but it was bought out when construction was halted and the buyers built a hotel. Its different, very Vegas and I'll definitely be going back.
Stayed here for four nights.. i actually just got back! I already miss it. I miss the smell at the Cosmo the most. We booked a terrace one bedroom and we loved it. The room was very spacious and the bed was divine. . . Service is just so so. It really depends on their staff. Some staff have very good customer service and others are just not on their game. We had some issues with our lights and it was fixed within a day. Our room had 2 TVs but only 1 remote control was in the room so we requested another one and it came within 30 minutes. Some minor issues mostly.. . Housekeeping was very good except on the first day. Some rags were left on the chair and the toiletries were not refilled. All the other days it was impeccable.. . We tried 2 restaurants at the Cosmopolitan. Wicked Spoon and Comme Ca. We loved both! Wicked Spoon in my opinion was better than the Wynn. And we only went to Wicked Spoon for brunch (but we went to Wynn for dinner). Service at Comme Ca was spot on. Our server was very attentive and very knowledgeable. We enjoyed it a lot.. . Overall, Cosmopolitan is one of the best hotels in Vegas. Beautifully designed, modern ambiance, and classy. Can't wait to stay here again and book for terrace suite.
Spent a few nights at the Palazzo, then came down to the Cosmo with a group of friends.  Completely different vibe than most other Vegas places.  The Cosmo is definitely a higher class (read pricier) place, but has a more edgy and trendy side to it.  No cheesy statue of Caesar or reproductions of ancient Eurozone here. Rooms are fresh and inviting, and the casino area even has a better feel to it.  This place is in the CItycenter area, so be prepared for a hike if you are wanting to see TI, Wynn, or other casinos on the north end of the strip.
What a beautiful modern hotel.  Currently the "it" spot for all sorts of action.  I enjoy the fresh feel and lively atmosphere this hotel offers.  Their casino you will encounter on street level.  As you ascend to each of the three floors, you will encounter a slurry of restaurants, lounges, bars, clubs and loads of draping chandeliers.  Take your pick, there's bound to be something for everyone.. . I'm a sucker for historical facts, so according to my research, The Cosmopolitan's design team was led by Friedmutter Group as executive architect, with Arquitectonica as the design architect for the building's themed exterior. The building was engineered by DeSimone Consulting Engineers. The Interior design team includes the Friedmutter Group, The Rockwell Group, Jeffrey Beers, Adam Tihany, and Bentel & Bentel.. . Although I've never experienced it, the Marquee Night/Day club is here and quite the popular draw with the Kardashian and Hilton wannabes.  The bars here were all uber crowded; perfect for those that need to feel they're at the hottest spot on the Strip.  This is it!. . #Yelp 365:  040/365
I am saying about 4.5 stars. Not quite ready to give it a 5er. Stayed there twice in the last month and both stays were very nice.  Room price is very reasonable but then they nickle and dime you with charges for the gym ($15/day), high restaurant charges (brunch is outrageous cost) and high drink costs.  However, it's still a 4.5 stars in my book.  It's a very chic place to be with all the young and glamerous. It is hopping at night as the Marquee Club is the hot spot in Vegas right now. Make sure you get west tower, Bellagio side if you want to be able to sleep at night. Marquee pumps it out, LOUDLY, all night... and I mean ALL NIGHT!  Casino is moderate sized so doesn't feel overwhelming. Overall had two very nice stays and look forward to going back!
Didn't stay at the hotel, but I loved exploring in it!  Besides being gorgeous, they have a great selection of food and shopping.  Definitely want to try their buffet next time we're in Vegas!
A breath of fresh air on the Las Vegas Strip.. . Whereas most casinos follow up Wynn's concept of "sprawling smaller buildings and shops in front with a panoramic taller structure in the back for rooms" plan, you have The Cosmopolitan, a union property of vintage and sleek modern.  While not the most elegant of atmospheres, it offers a fun, funky, and sophisticated space that rather than overwhelm you with variouslarge establishments, gives you samples of small bars and restaurants.  You can explore the space, finding a little something around this corner and a little bar around there and it's honestly brilliant.  There's nothing like that on the strip right now and it's simply fun just to walk around the establishment and see what it has to offer.  No shops offering budget-breaking items that you would hope one day to afford but shops that shockingly sell -affordable- items.  . . The Chandelier Bar is near iconic.  It goes and goes, with a never ending mass of crystals that just devour the space.  The signature cocktails are something and it gives you a wonderful view to people watch.. . -The Bond bar?  Great.  . -Henry's 24-hour steakhouse?  Very good.  Being able to sit and watch people stroll by through the glass?  Neat!. . The kicker?  The old-school pizza joint on the third floor that pulls me back to a corner in North Jersey.  It made me so nostalgic for home that I couldn't help but grin.  The vintage record player, art pieces, pool tables, and everything else on that third floor space is so unique to the strip, with the low ceiling and vintage stained glass.. . Combine all this with some excellent restaurants such as Comme Ca and Blue Ribbon Sushi and you've got yourself a property that doesn't seek to reinvent the wheel but take everything that makes it fun and repackage it.  And I love it.  . . Currently my favorite property to sit and people watch with a cocktail.  You're a breath of fresh air, Cosmo.  You're the hot property on the strip to be seen at and I'm a fan.
Loved the atmosphere here! It is beautiful and well decorated. Great for the younger (21-40) crowd. Didn't get a chance to stay there, however I plan to stay there next time I visit.
The first truly "LAS VEGAS" style hotel that has been built in a long while.  Just pulling up to the front drive and you feel the glitz and glamour that should accompany any hotel on the strip from the sign "THE COSMOPOLITAIN" lining the drive in to the whole front drive being marble (even what your car is driving on)!  Truly things technically small but things that you should appreciate.  Once you get inside doesn't dissappoint as well;  the chandelier bar is so exquisitely gaudy in how it fits so perfectly in this place and if you meander around enough you will find little things here and there that will remind you that you're in Vegas!  From the 8 foot high heels you can take a picture in, to the random but beautiful pictures on the walls (my personal favorite is the chocolate covered high heels), the experience will not dissappoint.  Then you have all of the shopping and dinning experiences that they offer.  I gotta give it to them, hands down just a great place to spend some time.
I did not personally stay overnight at this hotel. . . However, my aunt was invited here as a VIP Guest, and we came to say hello to some friends, and my friend and I were "stuck" here for 5 hours while they gambled in the VIP room. . . The Hotel: ultra modern, hip, trendy, with a crowd that tends to be more stylish and - Cosmopolitan.. . Parking: my first 2 trips here I was confused with their parking, as I hate valet - waiting 15-30 minutes for your car is no bueno. However, just drive in the main enterence, and stay in the middle lane past the taxi and valet line for self-park. There's also a bridge to Aria. . . Marquee: the nightclub in the hotel played mainstream house when we went, because we entered with the VIP Host, we were treated well, however, I chose to leave after 10 minutes since I wasn't in a clubbing mood. . . Food: so many options! Seriously, I can recall at least 6 different restaurants. Even with a VIP comp card, I simply couldn't eat anymore. There's pizza, Chinese, American, Japanese & French. . . Bars: With 3 floors of entertainment, this venue is excellent for hosting a party! I prefer the 3rd floor lounge, which is surrounded by the crystal lit by pink and red lighting on 3 floors. . . Gambling: With my Chinese family that gambles a large amount of money, they again tell me the Feng Shui is designed to the advantage of the casino - however, I enjoyed my 2 days, each in 5 hour increments, at this hotel. . . SHOUTOUT TO THE VIP HOSTS AND STAFF!
This place is amazing! I never even knew this hotel existed. Ah, the Cosmopolitan, with your huge hanging chandelier and bevy of young, beautiful clientele. It's like living in the hot, new club where everything pulses and it's possible for sexy to be personified by a hotel!
Gorgeous hotel.  The Chandelier is so pretty and I LOVE the ever changing pillars in the front lobby!  We were actually quite pleased with our room.  We stayed on the 22nd floor in a terrace room.  They offered us an upgraded Bellagio fountain view for $50 more and we declined.  We figured out why later on that night, even though to us, it didn't really matter.  We were on the east tower which is around the corner from the Marquee beach club which is "thumpingly" loud during the day (which we heard while coming in and out from shopping/eating out etc) and "thumpingly" loud at night from the club. We were there Fri/Sat night. 'Club nights' lol.  Like I said, to us it really made no difference because we weren't really disturbed by it because we weren't in the room all that much, but I can see how it wouldn't be okay for people that like some peace and quiet. The room itself is very nice. It has a kitchenette, big closet, separated bedroom sectional couch in living room/mini office, two flat screen tvs, a bubble tub, and a HUGE seated shimmery glass mosaic shower  roomy enough for two, or 3? The kitchenette has a dishwasher (weird?) and a microwave, but no dishes or silverware. No coffee either? I did have enough foresight to bring some of my own alcohol with me and the kitchenette did work out well for this.  :)  Nice robes and little slippers too.  The balcony is a nice touch-haven't seen too many of these in Vegas, but again, not really functional. It is at least 5 times louder when you open the sliding glass door! hehee.. . One miss is day 2 our bathroom light went out and we called to have it fixed when it happened and no one ever came to fix it. . . Oh, and we had no problem using the free parking! (Just as long as you don't plan on driving yourselves to and fro) Just follow the SIGNS...and we made sure to take pictures of what elevator you go up, what floor, etc.  We parked it until check out. Piece of cake....
Great views with awesome balconies! Our suite had a view of Bellagio water show and strip. Regular rooms are beautiful and big also. The only reason it gets four, not five, stars is the lack of quick food. When on an all-girls trip, sometimes you want a cheap quick meal. Cosmo does not have this, unless you want the hidden pizza place (upstairs down the hall) everyday. I guess it wasn't the aim of the hotel to provide quick, cheap meals, but it would have increased myreviews. Besides that, no complaints!
A solid 4 star Hotel.Only reason it is not 5 star is for the gaming portion.The hotel is new and has all the bells and whistles.When I checked in I was told to come back around 2 pm to get my room(no big deal) which I did.I was upgraded to a wrap around suite that was awesome.This thing could sleep 10 easily.The best part was the patio.One side was a view of the strip and the other was the bellagio and water show...The hotel has several nice bars and lounges with a very nice sports type bar on the main drag in the hotel.There were several food options on the 2nd floor which we tried but nothing that really stood out.The pools were great also.There are 3 so regardless of your mood you can find one that will work for you.The gaming was so so and after 2 nights of loosing went across the street to PH and won my money back.Much different vibe at PH also.More fun and lively.I hung out there for the balance of my stay and had a blast.
Lovely, gorgeous, fantastic, great people watching, great rooms (washers and dryers and microwaves?!), great event spaces and restaurants.. LOVE that you can access the meeting space directly from the guest elevators - no tromping through the casino!  Great buffet too.. I want to stay here.
A gorgeous hotel!!! . . This review is for the room only.. . I had the opportunity to stay in a Terrace One Bedroom and it was simply a breathtaking room, more like an awesome studio apartment. The room did not feel like the typical "Las Vegas" hotel room.. It felt homely and comfortable in a modern chic kinda way.. . The King size bed is very comfy. It comes with plenty of pillows & a nice thick down comforter and no cheesy brown yucky blanket like the other vegas hotel rooms. . . The Shower/Tub area is pretty awesome..it has plenty of windows..with views to the outside city lights and also views into the Bedroom (there are privacy blinds, if necessary) However, my only gripe about this is that, I wished it had a soaking tub instead of a Japanese style soaking tub.. It would be nice if someone that is taller than 5ft can stretch out their legs after a long day shopping and/or gambling. There are complimentary Robes & Slippers along with C.G.Bigelow Products. . . There is also balcony where you can actually go outside and hangout. Its somewhat private where people cannot see you, however I'm sure if the person at the hotel across the way had binoculars, they can see everything. The furniture cannot be moved, its like glue to the ground.. . Another thing I truly thought was awesome about the this room, unlike other vegas hotels was the remote can control lights and temperature). Its nice to be able to do all that without getting out of bed!. . I had to deduct a star, because I opened the fridge and found something old (god knows how long its been in there) and that is extremely nasty which grossed me out..... . Overall, I would totally stay at this hotel again. Its also, kinda in the middle of the strip, so its very accessible to everywhere.
My room at the Cosmopolitan was one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in. It was a small suite with an enormous bathroom, a sitting area, kitchen, and bedroom. My deck overlooked one of the pools (and, bonus, the sliding door was thick enough to block pool noises when I no longer wanted to hear them).. . Everything was gorgeous - from the bathroom tiles to the throw pillows on the couch. I wanted to take pictures and try to replicate in my own home.. . I even took two baths during my stay (yes, I took a bath in a hotel. In Vegas. It was a large, jetted tub - don't judge).. . The location is excellent. There is a casino on the bottom floor, several restaurants, and a nightclub (although seriously, I can't see myself ever having enough stamina to wait in the ferocious line that was present at the nightclub each evening. You'd have to be pretty gung-ho).. . So, four stars? Yeah. Check-in took forever and the keys I was given didn't work. A later call to the front desk was abandoned after I was on hold for ten minutes. I get it, it's Vegas - there are a lot of people in Vegas - blah blah blah. Regardless, service matters.
Tried the buffet here and it was pretty good for 38 bucks.  Has the crab legs, ribs, meat items and also bone marrow.  Pretty good service when cleaning plates and getting drinks.  One of the better buffets on the strip for a good price and not overpriced like the bellageo.
My husband took me to Vegas for our anniversay. This is our 3rd trip out there, first time at Cosmo. The hotel is out of this world. Glam, glitz, rich, incredible. I loved our room. We had a view of the Bellagio Fountains/Paris. Amazing.  The room was clean, bed was comfy, loved the walk in shower, no noise. Perfect. . The resturants in the hotel were incredible and the service was out of this world. Not a bad thing to say. . The reason I could not give them a 5 star was the customer base. I am not old or a prude however, we felt a little out of place at times. Kind of like everyone was too cool for school. The crowd was younger - i am guessing its because of the day/night club in the hotel. Plus the pool parties were big hits. It brought in a lot of people and there were many times we witness people starting fights, being drunk, girls walking around in dental floss bathing suits and high heels (which was kind of funny-never thought that was a good look). It kind of cheapened things in a way. It just didn't carry the same vibe a lot of other hotels do. . In a nutshell. Great place just a things to know about.
my wife and i stayed here on a comp offer for our first and only stay in Sept 2011. we stayed on the 26th floor in a terrace suite with a view of the bellagio fountains on the 26th floor. we loved the room itself. the base we could heard from the dayclub/nightclub was annoying as hell. the pizza place at cosmo is awesome and even better due to the late hours. cosmo casino is ok, drink service is hit and miss. the crowd is pretty annoying at night, a bit too ed hardy for my taste. we prefer aria/wynn and bellagio
It was my sister's birthday and we planned to celebrate in Vegas.  I travel a lot for work and have racked up a ton of points and Platinum Elite status, so we decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan (it's a Marriott property).  I'll be honest, I have wanted to stay here since it opened but was not willing to fork over $400/night. . . THE GOOD:. The property is simply stunning.  The decor is very modern and trendy and the Cosmopolitan also attracts that same kind of clientele.  The people (guests and visitors) who frequented the casino, bars, restaurants, and of course the Marquee were all younger folks who are super dressed up and there to party (as opposed to just gamble like in other casinos).  So if you are looking to stay at where it's "happening," this is the place to be.  Sidenote: the Marquee was the only club in Vegas that was truly happening.  It was kind of sad to see the other hotels desperately trying to get you to go to their clubs (partly a product of the poor economy, Vegas definitely did not have as many visitors as even 2 years ago).  Anyway, a perk for being a guest is that there is a seperate Hotel Guest line for the Marquee.. . Check-in lines are very short if you are Platinum Elite with Marriott ( Gold status may have the same access, I'm not sure though).  There is a special line for "Invited Guests," and wait time is probably 5 minutes max. Also, you get free breakfast for you and a guest at the Wicked Spoon buffet.  There is also a VIP line for Platinum Elite allowing you to go in and get seated while everyone else has to wait in line -- definitely a nice perk.  . . We stayed at a Terrace Studio and the view was amazing.  We had a perfect view of the strip and were directly over the Bellagio fountain.  The bed, pillows, and sheets were so soft and comfortable I didn't want to get out of bed.  The bathroom is one of the larger ones that I have seen in Vegas hotels.  There is a soaking bathtub with massage jets and a seperate glass shower.  The toilet is enclosed in its own litlte room inside the bathroom.  There are dual sinks, which are super nice/handy.. . . . THE BAD: Room service/housekeeping is S-L-O-W.  I called down for extra toiletries, slippers, robes, and toothpaste and it took about an hour for it to finally come.  This is after I called down again about 45 minutes in.  When the person finally came, they forgot some items like the slippers and toothpaste so I had to call down again and it took another 30 minutes for those items to be delivered.  Maybe I should not expect that much from a Vegas hotel but in my experience at other Marriott properties, room service/housekeeping usually arrives super fast.  (The platinum elite arrival gift also took about an hour to arrive).. . Wicked spoon was great since it was free, but not worth the money otherwise.  Bellagio and other buffets on the strip have a way better selection and costs about the same or less.  Don't get me wrong, there was some good food, but not worth the ~$30 cost.. . . THE UGLY:. The room was clean (pillowcases, sheets, comforter, etc.) and I never felt like it was unsanitary (I'm a germophobe).  However, I did notice that the room was somewhat untidy --the floors had some stains on it, the inside wall of the bathroom had dirty fingerprints on the wall (just one set, probably left by someone fixing something..I hope?).  The glass door to the terrace also had one set of prints.  The terrace had a cigarette butt hanging out.  I know I am being super picky here and it isn't a big deal, but I guess I expected a little more from such an extravagant hotel.  . . This hotel is relatively new so I think they are still figuring things out but they need to work on some organization issues.  The platinum elite line for check-in, for example, was not clear.  It simply stated "Invited Guests" and the sign wasn't that obvious (although I guess there were velvet ropes, but I didn't really notice).  If it weren't for the Platinum Elite representative calling me ahead of time to let me know that there was a special check-in line, I wouldn't have known.  Also, when we were in line for the Wicked Spoon, my sister asked one of the staff members there who was selling/serving coffee, if there was a VIP/Marriott line.  She said there was only one line.  However, as we got closer to the front of the line we saw that there was a seperate line for "Invited Guests" which are for VIP/Platinum Elite and we didn't have to wait at all.  The representative there indicated that there is still confusion within the hotel staff about who belongs where.  Anyway, this isn't a huge deal, but I expect more for such an expensive hotel.. . The hotel gets 4 stars because, well, it was amazing to stay at.  It is truly a luxurious hotel with top amenities and great restaurants/shopping/clubbing, all within the hotel.  However, it could be cleaner and the staff is not as organized as it could be.
10/3/2011 - 10/4/2011 GF and I. . Check-in area: The new hip and con-temp (Gothic) design of the cosmopolitan Las Vegas mesmerize me from the floors to the ceiling, when I enter the hotel. The smell, atmosphere and the theme is just like it came out from the in side of the magazine "The Cosmo" Every where I've walked is GOTHIC "They kept it dark and sinful feeling, I like it".   . . The Casino/Sport book: Small gaming area but I had a short memory in the casino. However, the sport book area is O.K. they used one of the store location and converted into a sport booking area. Small but convenience located on the East side tower.  . . The ROOM:  I was so excited and can't wait to see what they offer me in my room. We stayed at the East towers of the hotel TERRACE ONE BEDROOM - FOUNTAIN VIEW (spectacular view) overlooking the Bellagio hotel and the fountain to the North of LV (awesome). Had some wine and a noodle on the balcony of the hotel. The room is nice and clean modern (new) con-temp. The bath tube and the shower is nicely done and they kept it playful and sinful for any adult. . . The Restaurant Collection:  ESTIATORIO MILOS and BLUE RIBBON SUSHI BAR & GRILL see my review. . . Pro: Conveniently located in the Center of the Las Vegas strip. Next to the City Center (shopping) and restaurant. . . Con: Rent a car don't take a Taxi to any where.. to and from. airport - hotel (street) =$21 + include tips. @9am Mon. hotel - the outlet (north/free way) = $21 + include tips. @10am Tue. the outlet back - hotel = $26 + include tips. @5pm Tue. hotel - the airport = $33 + include tips. @7pm Tue. . Total: hotel $240 + taxi $101 + meal $200 - game $250= $331.
i just loved the decor. feminine, modern, sexy. next vegas trip im booking a room here. then i'll write a more detailed review. ;)
A clean modern hotel-I think one of the newest on the strip.  Centrally located and within walking distance of all the major casinos, shows and hotels.. . Check in was easy.  Waited about 7 minutes to get to the counter.. We were lucky, got our room right away.. . We had the basic room.  It was large with two queens, overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the strip.  Well worth the price I paid. . . The room was large and clean.  It is an interactive room. You can control most everything from the TV or phone.  . . The room was quite and AC worked great.  . . Maid service was so-so.  Left dirty towel on floor one day and didn't supply new soap. Nor did they replace the used glasses supplied with the room.  Second day she didn't arrive until 4pm.  Too late, got some towels and let her go. This may have not been totally her fault-where do hotels cut cost-maids. Making them clean more rooms per day.  If this hotel wants to be truly first class they need to improve this area.. . The casino was new clean and modern.  A lot of games to be played.  . . All staff was friendly and competent.. . I would stay here again-let's see if they can keep up the quality in this economic downturn.
Pretty quick and competent bell and desk staff, and generally just quite good across the board. Rooms were spacious, if a bit odd on privacy between shower and bedroom (i.e., better for a date than a co-worker sharing the room with you), and the beds were very comfy. . . Contains one of the better bars in town (Vesper), and another one that is striking-looking, but only pretty good (Chandelier), as well. A couple decent fooderies that I sampled, and other additional options too.. The casino smelled better than most (i.e, less cigarette smoke). Very nice pool/deck, as well.
My fiancee and I took a one night trip to vegas for a few meetings. We arrived early and asked if it would be possible to check in sooner, we were told we could if we upgraded our room at an additional price. So we did because check in time was after our first meeting. It would have been nice to see the lady try to pull a few strings for us since we already paid a substantial amount for a terrace studio, but true to vegas form upsell upsell upsell. . . I was glad we upgraded because the wraparound terrace suite was exceptional.  My Biggest beef with this room however, was the fact that the pool 28 floors down turns into a club and let me tell you trying to sleep with the techno beat basically in my room SUCKED. I was hoping to catch up on some much needed rest and that didn't happen.. . As far as cleanliness the room was damn near impeccable was it not for the big red lipstick stain on the carpet (eyesore) and the terrace hadn't been cleaned up to there were dirty paper towels and a spilled drink on the floor (very excalibur). These are minor details but at the price we paid, shouldn't have been there. . . Staff: friendly and put together. Hotel: PRETTY AMAZING. . . Finally to put it simply The Cosmopolitan makes The Wynn look boring and outdated.
Love their parking structure and organization!!!. Inside is like a typical casino on the strip, but i like it that it's simple and modern.. Wicked Spoon buffet is located inside... I highly recommend it.
This place is dope.  Every time I am in Vegas I make it a point to either stay here or frequent the bars and clubs in the Cosmo.  . . Without saying, the interior of the place is awesome.  The feel and the vibe is definitely unique and has it's own, trendy young vibe to it.  The first thing you see when you walk into the place are pillars with screens that change images.  Walk a little further in, a bar with a stage playing live music and then table games mixed into the floor.. . As far as bars and clubs go, this has to be one of the best hotels hands down.  Every experience I have in Vegas is completely different here.  Drink at every bar, go to club, talk to every random girl in the place , drink too much, lose friends (not intentionally), end up in other casinos, and some how wake up where I am supposed to be the next day.. . From a guys perspective, this place is a contender for having some of the hottest girls on Vegas strip.
This is the new party hotel in Vegas.  It kind of has a rock star-ish decor like The Hard Rock and it's in a prime location.    . . The moment you walk in you can tell this is one of the new IT hotels/casinos.   . . Stayed at the terrace suite and it had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and surrounding casinos.   The room itself was nice but not amazing.  It's a 900 sq/ft room but the layout makes it look a lot smaller.  There is a full kitchen with a full sized fridge with two freezers.  There's bench seating with a table in the dining area and a nice bar extension in the kitchen.   The sofa for the living room area kind of sucked though...the seating part is too shallow so you can't really lie back and get comfortable.  . . There is a nice and big balcony where you can fit a bunch of people.  The seating on the balcony also sucked though.  You have to basically sit really straight...would have been better to have something like a recliner/chaise.  . . There's two full bathrooms, the master bath has a separate shower and bath while the second bathroom just has a shower and toilet.  . . Overall it's a really nice room but the thing that makes it most memorable is the super amazing balcony view.
I stayed 1 night in one of their Terrace Suites that overlook the day club. The room is crazy nice and high-tech!. . I did have to move rooms because my first room had an empty bottle of beer sitting on the counter when I walked in. I didn't mind because it happens every once in a while when I stay at different hotels. I've learned not to get upset over hotel problems as long as the staff is accommodating.. . The music from the day club is insanely loud even with the sliding door closed but I didn't care because it didn't bother me.
Okay....this hotel is by far amazing..... upon check in since we were celebrating a 30th birthday we got an AMAZING UPGRADE to a huge suite!!!  So that was awesome!!!!!..... . . Downside.... Later that night I notice they had drafted out a $600.00 charge on my debit card that was not disclosed upfront for any charges on the room!!!!! I was very unhappy about it..... it wasn't pending it was TAKEN straight out of my funds..... . . The Marquee Day Club........it is a cool scene however $500.00 tab to rent a lawn chair...PASS!!!!!!!  And while we were getting a drink at the bar my GF laid her phone on the bar and while she was turned away the bartender chick totally stole her IPHONE....No one else was even around so we know it was her....... The hotel security would not do anything because they said they are not affiliated with THE MARQUEE DAYCLUB....So keep an eye out.... they are shady folks working out there!!! . . Bond was super cool place to hang out and watch the girls in the boxes put on little shows! =-) . . Room services .... $$$$$$.....but pretty good.... but not amazing.... . . Overall....Very glam place.... just very expensive as well but if you have $$ to blow then its your type of enviornment!!! =-))))
Why hello there Mr. Fancy hotel! So nice to see you in all your splendor. I really like the layout of this hotel. It's big without being overwhelming and super clean and posh throughout. The buffet is bomb (made to order mac and cheese--yes please)! Also the shops and bar area that runs along the middle are upscale and sparkly.
The hotel is gorgeous, its new and clean and beautiful.... the bad-check in took forever, we were there around 8am their time and they asked if we wanted to upgrade which we did but the jacuzzi tub jets didnt work??? so we called, they must have came while we were eating and still it didnt work so we called again, finally this time the guy came around 4ish while i was taking a nap and fixed it, I guess the jets were not aligned?? It would have been nice if they fixed the jacuzzi earlier..... Also the check out was really bad too, we were standing in line again waiting forever and some girl in her ipod comes to the people BEHIND us and asked it they were checking out, uh weren't we in line 1st and should you not have asked us???. Also there were no chairs at the pool, holy crowdedness. . Apart from that I loved the Cosmo! Its a beautiful property on the strip right next to the Bellagio! . The elevators are super fast and I loved how you can control the lights and climate from the TV! . the pool was heated, and pretty cool pool area, very happening! . The dealers were very friendly at the casino!. I loved the terrace and sitting there looking at the strip was so nice! . I would probably stay here again but hope they figure out the check in and out process soon!
Me and my 2 guy friends stayed here for a night, Monday night for $175. We just got a standard room cuz it was all we needed and could afford. . . Room: It was very nice, clean, well-decorated. The bathroom had a shower door that can be seen from the bedroom also. You are able to control the room from the TV remote as well as the high-tech telephone.. . There was a balcony, but we could not find the door to access it.. The hotel itself is very classy. . . Would I stay here again? Yes, when I can afford it [When I have a decent income or if I can get 9-14 other people to split a suite with me] I mean dam, $175+ for a room on a Monday night? You can get a nice suite at many other hotels for $100
Glitz and glam..... . I love this place because of the crystal and pink chandeliers, the big stilettos you can take pictures with, the cool amenities in the rooms (changing the temperature and lights from the touch of your tv remote, holla!), the swanky lounges, this lounge area with a public pool table, lovely decor and art, variety of eats (check out holsteins and the secret pizza place behind STK) and the super comfy beds.  Great hotel to stay in for my birthday, thanks mi amore! xo. . The rooms are pricey during the weekend, though I don't know the exact number.  We stayed there sunday till tuesday and it was still over 200 bucks a night.  I hated the pool area (not the one in Marquee) because it was small  and cramped with not a lot of free seats.  The loungers around the pool were by reservation only, so not sure what the process is for that.  It's not even a real pool, one of those wading ones that go up to your ankles so basically it's bodies sitting in each other's water.  It was disappointing  to go there and have to turn back around because there were no seats.. . But overall, this has to be one of the nicest hotels of the strip.  I would've given them a 5 if the pool area didn't annoy me as much...
The rooms are aaaaaamazing!! We booked the one bedroom suite for my birthday weekend and the room are a little pricey, but it was definitely worth it. Our view was right over the bellagio water show, it was like front row tickets without all the rowdiness. Our room had two full bathrooms which came in handy with 4 girls. The annoying part was the kitchenette, it didn't come with any utensils or plates at all. We called in to get some brought up and it took more than an hour! It makes no sense, they should at least ask if you want the brought up during check out. The gadgets in the room are mostly touchscreen, and very new.** Be aware that your room key has your name on it, and you can only go up if you have a key to press the floor on the elevator*** So if your having people over, you will have to come downstairs to bring them up..lame.. The room was still awesome.
The Hotel alone gets a 5 star. The lobby with the changing displays, all of the crystals, the stainless, glass and chrome everything. Amazing place just to wander and look at everything!!. . Parking lot 5 stars again. For self park there are LED signs telling you how many open spots on each level, on top of that you have red and green lights to show open spots.. . Concierge service 4 stars. We used them to help us book a restaurant in the hotel for a party of 10. The lady that helped us was very nice and ended up doing a seating of 6 and 4 as they did not offer a seating of 10, but she did put a note to seat us tougher. When we arrived at the restaurant they knew of the reservation, but said there was no note, and that they can do a party of 10. I blame the computer systems more then the people in this case.. . Customer service was great. We had lost a room key and they have guys around the front desk just to help out for things like this. He asked us a few questions as we did not have a photo id, he requested the new keys, got them printed and we where on our way in just a couple of minutes. . . Check out 3 stars. Take a very very close look at your bill. We had been double charged for internet access, and we had mini bar charges. Everything got removed as we did not touch the mini bar, and we had paid for internet using a debit card and could show that we had paid for it already.  Front desk said that the internet thing was a new systems and they knew it had been an issue. . . Rooms are 3-5 stars depending on who you ask. I loved loved loved our room with a view of Beliago. We had a suite that had 2 bathrooms, a little kitchen area, living room, 2 TV's. While all of that was super cool there where a couple of odd things. There was only 1 phone, shouldof really been 2. One in the bedroom and another in the living room. Another things was the lights in the closet. The shut off automatically after about 10 min. That is nice to save power, but sucks when you want to go to sleep and you have light creeping out of the door jamb. Another couple in our party said the bath tub did not work very well, the motor for the jets ran, but nothing really happened. And another couple had an issue with water coming in from the ceiling in the bathroom. Maintenance said the upstairs bathtub was leaking or something, and basically said not to worry about it. For me the bed was just OK, bit soft and way too many pillows. I like a firm bed and firm pillows, but then again I was so tired from walking and drinking I did not really care.. . Overall I plan on staying here again, I usually stay off the strip and save some money, but the Cosmo just does it right and I am OK with spending the extra cash and really enjoying myself.
I really love the look of this hotel.  It makes you feel absolutely fabulous.. . We came here twice (once in the daytime and the other at night) and man, at night time, good luck trying to park here. After dealing with the traffic on the strip to get to the Cosmo, we get in the line to enter on the side of the hotel and we're told, nope parking is full, donezo, no valet, no self, NADA.. . I didn't get to see the rooms and pool so hopefully I can update this review one day with that info!
My boyfriend and I stayed here for my birthday. I'm absolutely in love with this place. Beautiful structured and designed.. I took one star off only because we did have to move once, it had a half empty beer bottle and fuji water sitting on the counter, we didn't wanna take a chance in case they missed anything else!. . I just can't wait to go back. ;)
New and modern. Understated aesthetics. Balcony might be the best room feature. Interesting glass shower and tub view from the bedroom. Good size suite. No free internet.. . The casino itself is like any other vegas strip casino. Nothing stands out to set it apart from the rest.. . On weekends, even as a hotel guest, you'll have to pay cover to get into the Marquee club. You do stand in the hotel guest line and by-pass the general admission line.. . Paid average $300 per night.. . In general I hate vegas hotels making check out at 11am.
My reaction while walking through the Cosmopolitan:. . Ohhh look at that....Aww that's cool....Wow that's neat....I want that...LOVE IT.....I want that in my house....OMG....That's so me..... . I loved all the art work as well as those Art O Matic machines - . (Art Vending Machines) Basically for $5.00 you get some form of art ranging from glass blown bobbie pins to blocks of cool pics. You pick a column and out comes a surprise..... Yup, pretty neat!!!. My friend got some cute weirded out Cupie Dolls Art work.. The hidden pizza place is good and I just get over all the cool stuff to see all cramed into here. . On the floor where the pizza place is it's so chill with people playing pool and really just a calm atmosphere as compared to the crazy busy casino floor.. The towering pillars of naked silhouette screens are just beyond awsome. I was told that the scenes change and of instead of naked silhouettes sometimes it's books and other stuff.. . I don't even feel like I really fully explored this hotel yet so I need to return and try eating at what I hear is a yummy buffet - Naked Spoon. . . Kudos to all the people that helped to decorate/design this place - Good Job!!!
This hotel is super swanky and gorgeous. I came here for a girls trip for a friend's birthday and we loved it. The suites are nice, the whole hotel is very modern and has nice little retro touches here and there. The food at the hotel was amazing. We chanced upon Jose Andres' chinese mexican food spot there (sorry, I am blanking on the name) but the food was all tapas style and amazing. The Henry was great as well for mid-afternoon snack and coffees and of course cocktails. The Wicked Spoon buffet was amazing (especially the dessert buffet)! We briefly visited the Sahra spa there as well which was nice. We only were there as a comp since the pool was closed at the time due to some problem with the heater. All in all, if I go back to Vegas again, I'm definitely staying here.
REVIEW ONLY FOR THE BAR.... Wow! Awesome place to have a drink at...I was so impressed!. Their drinks were tasty and affordable and the view of the glass chandeliers...breathtaking!  . the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the bartender was kinda rude!. I will keep going back....beauuutiful place!
I had a great time at the Cosmopolitan!  It is trendy, youthful, and has a fun atmosphere.  The dealers are upbeat and happy; glad to see you and even happier to see you win.  The crowds are all young at heart regardless of age and are there to have fun! Never saw a single frown while I was there. Many Kudos to the Craps dealers, you guys were so much fun!
This place rocks!. . Was able to stay during Halloween weekend and it was super fun to people watch. You literally don't have to leave the hotel if you don't want to. They have everything you can think of to accommodate your stay.. . We were able to score a room in the west tower which had a balcony that had a wonderful view of the Bellagio hotel. We walk into our room and WOW what a great view. WOW the damn bathroom is huge. WOW the wall paper in the closet is nice. WOW the wall paper in the toilet room is SO cool! . . They have some very cool bars and lounges to hangout for some great cocktails. I enjoyed the chandelier bar which happen to be 4 flrs. So chic and very sexy. There is only so much I can say about this place...you have to see it for with your own eyes.
I'll have a Cosmo in the Cosmo.  Yes, now I feel like Carrie from Sex in the City.. . I like modern so this place is not exactly my cup of tea but I can appreciate the look they have here.  It is very upscale and you feel glitzy just being in there.  I liked the slot machines here and the employees are awesome.  A great energy surrounds this joint.  I will be back!
Awesome place. At Henrys.
I love the restaurants at the Cosmo, especially Comme Ca and Scarpetta.  The chandelier bar is the perfect place to get together with friends and enjoy some nice cocktails, although on the weekend it may be a bit hard to hear each other.  A great spot for locals on the weekdays to bar hop and enjoy great cocktails.
Took Nicole to the Cosmopolitan Friday night at about 1 AM to see Chandelier.  This place is sooo cool!  Plenty of good restaurants, upbeat vibe, contemporary decor.  Walking down the stairs in  the middle of Chandelier is beautiful!  Only drawback - trying to get into the parking garage. Only one turn lane, and then there's all the bozos blocking traffic in the lane next to you trying to cut in. Seriously, took us almost 15 minutes just waiting to turn in. Doesn't seem like a long time writing about now, but it sure is long when you're waiting in traffic. Ah!  The things one suffers for such pleasure!
Pleased as punch!. Stayed at the cosmo over the 11/11/11 weekend. Vegas was busy as all hell with the fight, weddings, this, that...blah blah. . I anticipated waiting in line to check in and quite honestly I could have stood there for hours and stared at those damn pillars! AGHH...the falling leaves were MESMERIZING!!! Check in was so fast and the guy who checked us in was awesome.....definitely high five worthy. . All was good and then we got to the room and it got even better! WHOAAA BUDDY! We stayed in a terrace suite that had a view of the Bellagio fountains. One, word...AMAZING! The room was pretty big and the bathroom was huge. The only thing I could complain about was all the high tech gadgets in the room. I wasn't going to be in the room a lot of why waste the time getting to know what they do?! The bed was super comfy and everything was nice and clean. I was a little hesitant after reading reviews on here about the noise coming from Marquee night club but we didn't hear a thing. The only thing I heard was noise coming from the club under the Eiffel Tower over at Paris. . I didn't gamble at the Cosmopolitan, so I am no help with that..haha. I did notice the minimums for black jack were 25...ya....no thank you...I will hit up I.P for all my gambling needs. . So ya, if you like pretty people, nice rooms and LOTS OF THINGS TO LOOK AT....stay at the Cosmopolitan, you will not be disappointed.
The name of this hotel has a positive nostalgia for me.  It makes me think of a club I used to hang out at when I lived in Atlanta and of course one of my go-to drinks (before dirty martinis became more appealing to my taste buds).  I remember hearing about this Cosmopolitan before it's grand opening just about a year ago, and of course I read the rave reviews that came before mine, so I was super excited when my husband told me we were heading to Vegas for a friend's shotgun wedding and we were staying at the Cosmopolitan.  Stayed there, we did... and we also dined at almost all of the restaurants inside this hotel, used the fitness facility and the spa.. . The hotel is as glitzy and glamorous as you'd imagine.  It is modern and sleek, yet comfortable.  The rooms are spacious and include a sitting area, desk, kitchen, large bathroom, patio (at least our room did), closet, and fluffy(comfortable) bed.  The view from our room overlooked the fountains at the Bellagio.  We also had a refrigerator and honor bar.  The bathroom amenities were quality, but despite being one of the nicest hotel rooms I've stayed at, there were two minor drawbacks: 1- our room was missing a hairdryer (probably an oversight and I am sure if I called to mention it, they would've replaced it), and 2 - the toilet paper was cheap.  Again, these are very minor but worth mentioning!. . As I said above, we dined at many of the restaurants located inside the hotel.  My favorites were: Blue Ribbon Sushi, China Poblano (I never would've combined Chinese and Mexican, but it works!), and Jaleo (don't miss their incredible acetunas aka olives).  Oh, and if you're into buffets, don't miss Wicked Spoon.. . But even more fabulous than the food, was the Sahra Spa... I had an incredible massage here.  I didn't get to spend as much time as I would've liked, but that just means I'll have to return again.  Spa day, anyone?. . One other fun fact for those that are interested in shopping rather than gambling: The Cosmopolitan is located just a short walk over a bridge from not one, but two major shopping destinations.. . Bottom line: while this wasn't a crazy Vegas trip (it's different when you go to Vegas with your husband than when you go for a bachelorette party with a bunch of single girls), it was a fun get-away, and I'd definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan again!  I have to go back to check out the pool when it warms up again anyways, so I'll report back then!
This is a huge hotel, but manages to have a hipster/hi-tech feel.  The entrance is very stylish into a big lobby with swarms of people.
Very fine place, but had a few issues.  The design of The Cosmopolitan is fantastic, and the layout works well, very well situated in the center of the strip and I had a great view from my 56th floor terrace.  . . Overall it's certainly on the upper end of Vegas hotels.  I loved the Bond bar, very comfortable and great for people watching, and all of the lounges are very comfortable.  I didn't go to Marque, I'm not a "clubber" but I did see a lot of very attractive young ladies dressed in very provocative outfits standing in line for the club, so I'm sure it's a very class place.  Or they were all hookers.  Either way, good times.. . Having said that, there were a few things that just seemed odd about the hotel that didn't really bother me (I'm not high maintenance), but for what is supposed to be a high end hotel, it just seemed weird that:. . - the bedroom TV didn't work. - there was a light out in the bathroom. - one day housekeeping didn't make the bed. - they didn't replenish the shampoo and soap bottles until we asked. - the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off. - the shower water didn't get very hot and cooled off very quickly. . Again, minor things, just seemed weird for such a high class place.  I'd probably overall give it 3.5 stars, and since we can't do half stars on Yelp (minus a star for you Yelp) I'd lean towards 3 stars, HOWEVER, I'll kick it up to 4 stars because..... . The Sahra spa is EXQUISITE.  It's absolutely fantastic, one of the best I've ever been to.  I had a facial and a Hamman body treatment and my therapist for the Hamman treatment, Dawn, was awesome.  Just a flawless facility, great jaccuzi, steam room, sauna, the Hamman room was great, a very relaxing and comfortable spa experience.  Plenty of space, never too crowded in the locker room or any of the areas. . . All in all a good experience at The Cosmopolitan, it's not up to the level of say, the Wynn/Encore or The Palazzo or Ceasar's, or The Bellagio, but a nice place.
I expected a little more in regards to customer service. I had booked the City Room with no terrace from a 3rd party website. It was supposed to come with a gift card not resort credit, well I didn't receive it at check in and called down to the front desk and they said they'd "take care of it, just come down to the small desk on the side when you come down to the lobby." I asked if I could come down anytime, and she told me yes. Well I went down around 11pm and they had told me that they don't take care of it and told me to come back when the Concierge's office was open. I went back the next day after lunch and they told me that the front desk is in charge of it. After having waited in a few lines and wasting my gambling time in line, I was pretty irritated. The casino manager came out to take care of things himself and resolved the issue and gave his sincerest apology, I accepted.. . The room's mini bar had things covered in a nice layer of dust which was just visually gross. The clock is pretty freeking cool! It controls the room lights and tv volume I think it was. I loved the peep show glass for the shower, hilarious how the blinds are controlled from outside the shower. . . I was basically able to stay inside Cosmo all day and night and not get bored. It's pretty much a small city. I got a good deal on the room again so I will be going again soon. This time I booked directly through the hotel.
Vegas baby! Lots of lights. The rooms are nice. The sportsbook is clean but real small. Restaurants are ok. I went for work I think if I paid for the rooms I might make this 3 stars but I would go back. So 4 it is. Not to big of a hotel for Vegas standards
Great hotel, amazing restaurants, spend some time in the Chandelier bar.  There are definitely layers of experiences at this resort....give time to explore.
How interesting is this place.. Posh is the word that I would use when walking in the doors off the strip. the lounges are lit in such sexy ways with lush fabrics and pillows all around. . . The set up of the floors is also cool. The casino on the main level, the stores on the 2nd and the restaurants on the top. Makes it easy to find what you are looking for.. The chandelier on the ceiling is pretty top notch as well.. Lit in such cool ways and it is massive! Engulfs the entire staircase!
Almost got 5 stars from me! Just a few minor things though.  1.  Roomservice way expensive and not all that worth the price.  Not much on the menu to choose from that even looks good.  2.  Elevator keys are annoying.  3.  System malfunctions during my stay and the ATM machines and TVs in room were not working.. . Other than that the phones were neat.  Very high-tech.  Best view of Bellagio you will EVER see... and Marriott Rewards!!
Clean room.  Check.. Comfortable bed.  Check.. Sound proof room.  Check.. These are the things I look for in a hotel and the Cosmopolitan passed all three.  We stayed only 1 night as we just wanted to get away.  The place has a sophisticated look with all the electronic upgrades.  The place lacks some of the features of the other high end hotels like a grand entrance or a huge gaming area but certainly doesn't need it.  The place doesn't even smell like smoke and neither did my clothes.  . . The staff here are very friendly from the valet to the room cleaning staff.  They provide slippers in your room which is a nice amenity.  The bathroom is odd in that the shower has a window to the bedroom, not the first time I've been in a hotel with this feature but is it really necessary?!
Ahhh, my first LEGAL trip to Las Vegas. . . The Cosmopolitan was an eye-popping, friendly, technology-filled hotel littered with astonishing sights. I talked toMANY workers, all of whom were willing to answer my questions. . . I stayed here with some friends from Dec. 17-19 (Sat-Mon) using the Ellen Degeneres package (free two night stay for "two", $500 restaurant credit, $300 spa credit, $60 Marquee credit) I received a year earlier at one of her Christmas shows. The hotel staff had no trouble checking me in/out, as they seemed to know everything about the package. . . The hotel room was clean with nothing wrong with it (except for the tiny crack in one of the vanity mirrors). However, our air conditioning did seem to have a little malfunction as we would set it to 65 degrees F and it would change to 70 by itself. The pillows and the bed were extremely comfortable, and I loved the fact that I could adjust the lighting in the room using the television and telephone. . . No hidden fees, but be sure to leave the snacks alone because they're placed on a weighted tray.. . We also ate at D.O.C.G. and China Poblano - please refer to my reviews of these restaurants. . . I will most likely come back to this hotel in the future!!
I am impressed by the rooms! The best rooms on the strip. . . We got comp'd for a Terrace Studio, and amazing! It was actually like a little studio on the strip. It had a nice balcony, ours faced Aria and we could see the pool. The room was really nice, lots of decor, furniture, and it felt like a studio that someone owned. 2 flat screen in the room, long comfy couch, furniture on the balcony, bed was a king size, bathroom was really cool, the tub was also a hot tub. . . Instead of like other hotels who have a security guard at the entrance to the elevator, at Cosmo you had to put the keys in the elevator to actually even press the floor level. I find this more convenient then the security guard. . . I actually did feel like Iwas a baller bachelorette living on the strip! Amazing hotel!
The Cosmopolitan looks so nice inside!. . I love the set up of the lobby. It reminds me of Inception when I look up at the ceiling and see all the mirrors up there.. . The casino is pretty nice. There's no strong smell of smoke compared to other casinos I've been to. The slot machines are not loose though! I wasted my money here.. . The staff is very accommodating though. One of the slot machines ate up our $5 bill and wouldn't return it, and one of the workers came over within a few minutes and gave us back a $5 bill right away.. . We stayed in the City Room, which has 2 queen-size beds. The bed was a bit too soft for my back. I actually woke up the next day with my back hurting a little, but it didn't bother me for the rest of the day.. . I find it hilarious how the shower has a window, so people hanging out in the bedroom area can see you shower if they want to. There's a curtain for you to pull down so no one can view, but the curtain is on the bedroom area side. The shower window is definitely something I wouldn't like having if I was living in this hotel with goofy/drunk friends I can't trust.. . I will return back to the Cosmopolitan during my next trip to Vegas to check out the club, food, and drinks!
I'd say the best hotel in vegas atm. Hotel rooms are very clean and spacious. The rooms are very quiet and relaxing. You have either the East (White) or West tower. Get a room facing north and you'll get an awesome view of the Bellagio with the water fountains. . If you have a gambling and depression problem.. I would advise not staying at this hotel. The open balconies is not a good spot to chill at if you do.
I didn't stay at the Cosmo but I dropped enough money to from the boutiques and casino. The Hotel is beautiful, the shopping is great (they have a Kidrobot store!) and I love that there's a secret pizza joint open until the wee hours. I agree with some of the previous reviews about the casino not being smokey and it actually always smelled great here for some reason. It's like there's a person who's sole job is walk around and spray fabulous cologne throughout the hotel. I am definitely planning on staying here the next time I'm in Vegas, the location is great (close to the Bellagio).
This will be a review of a recent stay in a City Room at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Our City Room unfortunately did not have a balcony... bummer. I will have to say that the balcony is probably the biggest plus of staying at Cosmo. The room itself was nice. The City Room is Cosmo's most basic room product and is about the size of a room at Aria. It has some cool tech features (ie. touch screen phone that controls lighting), but lacks a motorized window blind control system. Our City Room was located in the West Tower on floor 56. Staying on a high floor has a nice view, but be prepared to make many stops because the elevators serve a lot of floors. The West Tower rooms are further from the strip than the East Tower rooms, but are closer to the lobby and buffet. I still prefer staying in the East Tower (but I don't think they have City Rooms there.
another one of my favorite casinos to play at. Look for Jose!!! He's the best dealer, EVER!! =P . . I don't get to play here as much because a lot of clubbers from marquee gamble here, and they're usually drunk and don't know how to gamble so they piss me off.
The casino of the Cosmopolitan is nice and very hip. Due to it being the newest hotel in Vegas, it does draw in a fair amount of trendy people. This hotel is definitely a great place to stay at if you're looking to have a crazy, fun Vegas trip, there is a lot of that energy here.The pink chandeiers are just amazing. From the casino to the hotel lobby to the conference room there are unique art pieces everywhere.The artwork and unique things to see go on and on at the Cosmopoilitan. It almost gives you a feeling that are in an art museum instead of a casino. It's really too cool.. . Modern & clean decor, the rooms are contemporary, colorful and comfortable! The bachelorette's suite was very very nice! Can't beat Vegas hotels for sure! Great food, pool, spa amenities, and bars! Lots of walking to get where you wanna go.. . Fancy Fancy Fancy.
I'm still thinking I didn't really see much of the hotel, but more of the shops in the Cosmopolitan.  Well, what we saw, we enjoyed, but I definitely want to go back and get a better look-see.  I love all the crystals, Swarovski and otherwise, decorated everywhere.  Really pretty.  By the time we arrived at this hotel, we really hadto be somewhere else, hence, the reason for the quick and abbreviated walk-thru.  Next time !!
Now that I have stayed at a few places in Vegas, I can honestly say this is the best hotel on The Strip. The rooms are big, quiet, the beds are comfortable, the TV and lineup are great, and the bathroom can fit a family of 8. Sure, you'll pay for it, but it is well worth it. And when you venture downstairs, there is LOADS to do, including some of the best pizza/food you'll find in Vegas.
I was impressed from the moment I walked in. How refreshing to have someone come from around the counter to greet you upon check-in!!! And, check-in was FAST, especially for Vegas!. . The rooms are nice and quite hi-tech. Pretty cool to be able to turn off all lights from bed and to use the TV as an alarm. The place definitely has a NY feel to it, and I did find the sliding door that was for both the closet and the bathroom to be annoying, but I lived through it.. . Just great overall vibe to the place. I'd stay here again no problem.
We moving on up...to nice hotel stays!. . I'm not a girl that stays in hotels much, but Cosmo of LV was by far one of the best hotels I have reserved to date. . . The best thing about Cosmo was the Wicked Spoon buffet. Wow, what great food. I had Red Velvet pancakes, great brunch, and awesome desserts section. My boss had to go again before she left ti was just so good. . . My room was large. I was a bit disappointed to get a double when I reserved a single, but nevertheless, the stay was great. I slept well everyday. I loved the decor of the rooms, the cool bathroom with the see-thru view (hubba-hubba!). I liked the great toiletries (which I still have them). Improvements for the room would include free coffee, what a let down as a conference hotel. . . Speaking of conferencing, Cosmo had a great continental breakfast each day at conference. They was much to choice from with both hot and cold breakfast. The wait staff was also present and attentive. Cosmo also had great pens for conference.. . Another I loved doing within Cosmo was exploring the art. I loved art displayed that they had around the building. I wanted to make sure I say all of them. Speaking of great art, the one piece of art was the Chandelier Room; the prettiest place I have ever seen. You make me feel like a Barbie!. . Cosmo also had a great pool and food overall good at and surround the pool. Lastly, my boss loved the card service (for rewards), that she went back to Cosmo a few months later to vacation!. . Great hotel. If I had my pick in LV, I would stay in the Cosmo, hands down.
I adore this casino. The ambience of the place is amazing, and the chandeliers are gorgeous. They also have the best restaurants (like Scarpetta!), and I hear that the buffet is one of the best in Vegas. Definitely make it a stop in your trip if you're coming to Vegas or even if you're a local wanting to explore.
I really didn't know what to expect from this place.  Honestly, I thought their commercials were a little creepy and trying too hard.  So I was pleasantly surprised when I first visited the place and explored the different levels.  Ever since that first visit, the Cosmopolitan has kept me coming back for more.. . There's a different feel to this place compared to most hotel/casinos here. I feel like they were targeting my age group (the 20-30-somethings), a younger crowd than the usual Strip population. Whether or not it was on purpose, that is what the Cosmopolitan has become.. . The other thing I like about this place: I feel like I can just hang out there.  And I don't feel that way about any other place on the strip.  If I do make my way onto the Strip, it's for a reason (usually eating or shopping).  But the numerous bars always make me consider the Cosmopolitan as a weekend option.. . One more reason to love this place: Parking.  Their parking garages are pretty easy to access without having to spend too much time on Las Vegas Blvd. They've also made it easy to find a parking spot with red (occupied) and green (open) lights above each space. And I don't know if it's just my luck, but their valet parking is never full.  Even on a weekend or holiday.  These things are what make this local come back.
Las Vegas has always been "Sin City", but now a days, it's also known as the "Secret Getaway". With huge changes all over the place, one of the biggest was the completion of The Cosmopolitan. With millions of dollars invested in this hotel & casino, would the Cosmopolitan stand true as the naughtiest hotel on the Strip?. . As for now, I'll be focusing mainly on the casino. I'll write an update on the rooms and bars at a later time.. . DECO: 5 stars. . It has to be said that if atmosphere was the sign of character, this place would be that super hot model making all the other hot models feel not so hot. Think a Megan Fox or a Tricia Helfer in a skin tight black dress with red trim around the dropping neckline. Now imagine her standing in a DMV line with the line of miserable people, and she's staring right at you, eyes locked and lips flushed. If you're getting turned on or hot & bothered, that's what the deco is at The Cosmopolitan. . . The place is like walking into a epicenter of fashion, liquor, and class. Boutiques line and hug the upper levels of the casino before you head down the escalator. The place is so plush that you'll see people taking pictures just on this level. You know why? Because from the second level, you'll notice the Cosmopolitan doesn't have just one chandelier, it has a whole population of them. Small ones, glass ones, monolithic ones, blue ones. The place is screaming with excess of class, and it strangely works. As gaudy as it might sound, it actually captures the eyes, and makes you anticipate what could be waiting downstairs.. . Well, if the upper level was impressive, just wait till you actually walk to the casino floor. The place is plush, and when I say plush, I mean imagine being scurried away by your loins to a room designed by high class prostitutes and unicorns. Yeah, that's one wrong-right combo. . . The place is decked out with subtle atmospheric lights, rich hues of sensational colors, and the staff is dressed to the nines. This is the Michael Kors of casinos, the House of Ninja, the Sam Rockwell of style. This might be the first hotel & casino you step in where you'll feel under dressed if you're not dressed to impress. So make sure you impress. When you're here, you feel like somebody, and that's very hard to pull off for any casino.. . PLAYER'S CARD: 4 stars. . The Player's Club they have here is called "Identity", and I have to say it raises the bar for what player's clubs should be. The moment you enroll, you get free slot play like most casinos. The difference though is what comes after. When they email you to welcome you to your membership, they offer free incentives. Mine was a free year's subscription to Zagat. Also, they have some of the greatest incentives to come back and play. Just a little while ago they offered to pay you back up to $100 in slot money if you lost that much playing with your own money. So essentially, you get another $100 to lose. Free money = best money.. . CASINO: 3 stars. . With all this luxury oozing out, you have to think the casino is decadent too, right? Unfortunately, this is where they drop the ball. Maybe because the Cosmopolitan was aiming to keep that atmosphere of suave and classy, with bars throughout the floor, but the casino part of the hotel was quite small. It was probably one half the size of a casino floor like Bellagio's. On top of that, the games are all quite pricey. That standard would fit for such a bourgeois casino, but for those who are tighter on the wallet, this place will take your money quick. It's not necessarily a bad thing, since it fits the theme of the casino, it just might deject some from playing here.. . CONCLUSION. . For most people, we all want to walk into our high school reunion, and have all eyes looking at us with envy because we're such hot stuff. The Cosmopolitan is just that in Las Vegas. As one of the new kids on the block, the Cosmopolitan sets high standards for what a decadent Las Vegas experience should be. From the stylish and sexy faces every where you look to the personal experience the staff presents, the Cosmopolitan will no doubt rise as the "Secret Getaways" most taboo, and succulent, place to visit.
Still has that new hotel smell!  Except where there's smoking, naturally!. . I had the chance to stay here for a couple of days and have to say that this is a pretty nice place.  All of the staff was very friendly at the desk, taxi stand, shops, etc.  The decor is very cool and it's got a great vibe.  Elevators are very cool (though the music is kind of loud and the lighted back panel can get kind of hot if you lean against it!). . The room we had was very cool.  Sort of a mini-suite with a nice sitting area, comfy bed, balcony and amazing bathroom!  (see pictures). . It is very convenient to anything in City Center, as well as Bellagio and Hard Rock.  I would definitely recommend staying here.  Now, having said that, I made some of the worst decisions of my life while staying here and am paying dearly for doing so, but hey, I'm a swell guy so I'm not going to blame it on the hotel (though I wish I could!). If anyone tells you "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas", don't believe him.  It can follow you back home. :(
If you want to stay connected the Cosmo may not be for you. It's the place to see and be seen. You will have a hard time connecting to the Internet and poor cell reception. (Maybe it's an AT&T thing) With all that said it's a beautiful hotel with all the bells and whistles. Not the best for business but definitely a fun playground!!!. . And it's a Marriott!!! More points for me!!!
Great location and close to everything! We had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain from our room. Loved the swanky decor. Our room key got 2 people into Marquee for free.
Finally got to stay at The Cosmopolitan and was very excited about it! I definitely have lots to say so I'll just keep it simple by talking about the pros and cons.. . Pros:. - Gorgeous, modern hotel with great rooms.. - Large balconies and it's especially great for smokers and enjoying a cigar and drink on the balcony after a long night.. - Kitchenette with a good sized fridge and freezer. Things actually freeze if you put it in the freezer!. - Friendly staff.. - Marquee is right downstairs.. - Comfortable beds and pillows.. . Cons: . - Food options aren't that great. We were disappointed with all our meals.. - Lighting in room is dark so trying to put on makeup somewhere besides the bathroom makes it almost impossible.. - Awkward window in between bathroom/bedroom and only a thin curtain to divide it. (I don't know if this applies to all the rooms, but it was definitely weird for us.). - Complimentary check out is only until 12pm. In order to stay until 3pm, we had to pay over $100.. - $15 for 24 hours of wi-fi.
Beautiful hotel!  We got a hook up through a promoter we know is Los Angeles and he got use the Terrace Suite for $450 for two nights!!!  When we got to the hotel, they asked if we wanted to upgrade to the Wrap Around Suite for $75 more a night.  We did and it was so awesome!  Our room litterally wrapped around the corner of the hotel and we were on the 17th floor.  Our room looked right over the pool and Marquee's outdoor bar.  The music started at like 9pm and was super loud, but you couldn't hear a thing if the door was shut.  The room was huge, 1200 square feet.  It only has one bed, but the couch was soooooo comfortable that my husband and I opted to sleep on it the second night too!  Staying at the hotel will not get you the hook up into Marquee though, maybe just in a different line.  I loved the Chandalier Bar and if you go, get the flower drink!!  Makes your damn face tingle and feels so crazy weird! The drink itself is really sweet though, but worth the $11 just for the flower you eat!  They have some pretty crazy drinks at that bar!  I also love that they chose to decorate the entire place with the theme of shoes :)   Overall a great experience and loved our room!!
This is one of my favorite hotels on the Strip. Definitely a 5 star hotel, however, the room service is in serious need of improvement. It's definitely on the pricier side.. . Decor:. Beautiful, luxurious, modern. It definitely looks more feminine than many of the other hotels with its gargantuan chandelier, crystals, pink and red color themes.. . Rooms:. We got upgraded to a suite in the West Tower. It was very spacious with a fridge, sink, dishwasher, living area with a pullout bed, bath, shower, and a balcony. I thought it was a little weird that the blinds to the shower and bath were on thebedroom side rather than in the bathroom.. . Casino:. Higher limit so the cheapest blackjack tables are 25 minimum and roulette and craps were $10 minimum. Pretty big casino.. . Food:. 1) Wicked Spoon - delicious and very popular, so there's a long wait. Around $33. 2) Holstein's Shakes and Buns - One of the cheaper restaurants, but still expect to spend $15-20 minimum.  Very delicious burgers and spiked drinks. . Service:. The front desk were very helpful and friendly. What knocked it down to 4 stars was the room service. It took exorbitant amount of time just to get towels or to get anything restocked. It took more than 1.5 hours!
Good Lord, I love this place.  I've never stayed in a room here, but have visited the restaurants, bars, and shops numerous times.  This place is just COOL.  There is no other way to describe it.  The decorations, employees, bars, restaurants, rest places...just cool!  I feel cool just walking around the place.  Definitely a place to see and be seen.. . If you get tired of walking around and gazing at all of the amazingness or playing with the crystals in the gigantic chandelier, go up to the third floor where there is a pool table, foosball table, and comfy chairs.  That's right, games!  Free to play!  That's also where the not-so-secret-anymore pizza is.. . I take all visiting friends to The Cosmo because it is such a wonderful take on the casino.  All have been impressed.
Chic, elegant, trendy. I'd say it's Las Vegas' swankiest hotel at the moment. The place is absolutely beautiful. The decor itself has personality, and the chandelier in the middle of casino is so fascinating, it'll have you in awe of this place. I came here with a large group of about 20 to celebrate my friend Mark's birthday. I've been here a handful of times before, but this was the first time I've actually stayed here. I was staying in the "City Room," and Mark and a few others were staying in the baller status room AKA the "Wrap-Around Terrace." We all were able to get rooms on the same floor, so it was decided that Mark's room was deemed "The Party Room," and every other room was for sleeping.. . The City Room was your standard hotel room with that eclectic Cosmo touch. Our room had 2 double beds and a see-through window to the shower/bathroom from the living room. Strange, right? Now, here come the problems... When we first walked in, it was like somebody was already staying in our room except without any baggage. There was a room service tray that wasn't cleaned up - Strike 1. There was an opened soap along with its' wrapper in the shower - Strike 2. & here comes the biggie... PANTIES behind a treasure chest! Strike 3! Although the panties were hidden behind something, it's definitely not a good thing when the next guest finds them. Of course we had to say something. We demanded for the room to be re-cleaned and for some sort of compensation. I was hoping the get the room for free, but they gave us $150 hotel credit instead. That works, I guess.. . The Wrap Around Suite was AMAZING. It was essentially an apartment with an astonishing view from the 40th floor. We had the view of the entire strip with the Eiffel Tower to our right and the Bellagio fountains right below us. It was spacious with 1 bedroom, 2 bathrooms, a living room, kitchen with bar, and a balcony that wraps around a corner of the hotel. By far, this is the best view I've ever seen of the strip. Like I said, this was dubbed "The Party Room." So of course music was blasting 24/7, people were going in and out, and we were getting crazy up in here. Security came up on Saturday before we headed out to Marquee and told us we had to leave the room. They said they heard our music all the way from the elevators. Damn, we were all the way at the end of the hall too. Whoops. They thought we were throwing a huge rager in the room, but we were just pre-partying.  No biggie though, they were cool, and they didn't kick us out of the hotel. . . Despite the incident that happened in my room, I still love the Cosmo. I can't get over how sick this place is. It's super girly, and maybe that's why I love it. I tried out some great eats here too... check out Wicked Spoon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wicked-spoon-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:Jps3nLDe0W6_wNvLs3JIrg), Scarpetta (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scarpetta-las-vegas#hrid:K47i9I9IPkPwfE6I9gcAUA), and Secret Pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz/secret-pizza-las-vegas#hrid:Yv872HM_ELzIUnqvWjeGFQ).
All that glitters is gold...or diamonds as it may be in this hotel!  . . **PLEASE NOTE--I am writing this review as a visitor only!  We did not stay here**. . That being said, The Cosmopolitan has diamond encrusted EVERYTHING.  Everywhere you look has bling.  They've got class and they're not afraid to show it!. . That being said, they can afford to put everything in glitter because everything is SO expensive.  There are tables where there is a $50 MINIMUM to play.  But I guess you should expect it based on your surroundings.. . There are a lot of fabulous things to look at (like the wall art and the art glass), and you can take your picture in a giant shoe.  LOVE!!
This hotel is so lovely. I could spend hours wandering around the hotel and admiring all the art and decor. I just hope next time I come to Vegas I have a chance to stay in the room. I was staying at Planet Hollywood and the walkways are so convenient. . . Not to mention Wicked Spoon is in here! Great buffet, but I prefer dinner menu over brunch.
the casino was nice.. like the place ... i want to stay here next time... the buffet was awesome
As for the hotel, this is probably one of the most modern hotels on the strip if not the most. which is why i like it so much. It goes with people in my demographic which is Gen X and Y. But hey it has a nice gaming floor and nice pit bosses. Interesting note... This is owned by Deutsche Bank. lol anyways I also wanted to say that i've never actually stayed in here but i plan on to in the near future. The food could be better really nothing to note there but yeah, it gets the job done... (food wise)
I'm definitely a fan of this hotel, Ive stayed here three separate times and each and every time Ive had a great experience.. . Some of the cool things to keep an eye out for.. 1. marquee club - if your from nor cal, "Bay Area" then you will feel at home. 2. the lounges/bars - there are a ton of options, and each one has its own theme. 3. room service - gotta love 24 hour room service . . Here are some annoying things to keep an eye out for.. 1. constantly having to put in your key card to go up the elevators (trust me, when your drunk it sucks). 2. the open showers and tubs for all to see, I don't get it, why are the bathrooms so open, not everyone that stays in the hotel is a couple. . 3. kitchen in the room, its great that each room has a mini kitchen, but whats the point of a dishwasher, when there are no plates
My wife and I stayed here on a Sunday night in January and we really enjoyed it. As a Platinum member of Marriott, it is nice to have a Marriott property to stay at on the strip. To clarify, it is my understanding that it is not a Marriott property but rather affiliated with the Marriott rewards program - either way I got all my Platinum freebies.. . I got a great rate, found a special on the internet for like $160. I understand the rooms are usually much more then that. In fact we almost stayed there on the Saturday as well, that was going to $260.. . The room we had was large, clean and well decorated. I really enjoyed the smart portion of the room i.e. how everything was networked. I especially enjoyed the phone control system - that was pretty cool.. . The bathroom was nice albeit a little odd with having a large picture window as a wall for the shower. The tub, a soaker tub which was very deep, was nice but hard to get in and out of. I was surprised there were no hand rails and nonskid pads - seemed a bit dangerous.. . We had a view of the Aria, not bad, but the balcony was nice. I can see this being a big draw if it is nice outside.. . Instead of Marriott points I opted for the breakfast for two at The Wicked Spoon, that was a good decision. This is one of the most awesome buffet I have been to, very well done. However, they do not open until 8am? Really? Also, they only have one guy cooking made to order eggs. The line got really long fast.. . We also ate at the Sushi restaurant on the third floor, great sushi but WAY overpriced. It costs three of us about $250 for sushi and drinks. . . Overall great experience, I would stay again.
After being a little day drunk from a Marquee pool party, we went walking around looking for a yummy place to eat. Eventually, my friend and I stumbled on this amazing pizza spot next to Jose Andres' restaurant, which incidentally had actually been recommended to us by another friend though we didn't realize it until later. The pizza was on hit - piping hot, with just enough grease from meaty pepperoni to satisfy my buzzed cravings. Once we sobered up a little, we realized that the Cosmo was gorgeous and had a ton of fine dining to check out, making us realize we want to stay here the next time we are in town. Though we were happy with the Venetian, the Cosmo is sleek and has a great young and modern ambiance that fits in perfectly with those wanting a little sophistication during a weekend of debauchery.
You must dress top notch to fit in here.  Classy to say the least.  The place to be seen and to see others.  The bars are nice.  The clubs are crazy and the women are beautiful (just watch out for the hookers - the high dollar ones come here)
Man, is this place cool, tres cool or really cool...The rooms are awesome with mini bars, jacuzzi and shower for 4, and the rooms have a great view of The Bellagio Fountains.  The hotel is in the middle of The Strip. . They also have some interesting restaurants including a New York pizza place in a hidden hallway on the third floor.  Place flows well with The Chandelier bar in the middle encompassing three floors. . Only downside is the gym.  It costs $20, which is ok, but you have to shower in the spa for another $30.  It is a small downside for a really interesting environment
Pretty cool we had a 1bdrm w/terrace overlooking the fountains.. great view... expect street noise if you get this room though.. i mean.. your on the strip.. and you have a patio door open.... . the room was great.. with a couple of minor exceptions... A. We kept having electrical issues in our room.. that was kinda weird.. wasnt expecting that.. a lot of TV reboots.. sometimes desklights would go off etc.. B. the fridge is already full of their own merchandise.. so basically.. you dont have any room to put your own stuff.... . I liked the place overall though.. btw.. I Would NOT recommend the spa..there are better.. spas out there and this one while sorta nice isnt worth the premium.
Borderline 5-star review for me, but somethings dragged it down. But first, THE GOOD!. . I don't stay at many hotels, let alone fancy shmancy hotels, so take my amazement at this hotel with a grain of salt. But it was...amazing. The interior is trendy, fancy, swanky, hip, and COOL. Hot people in slutty outfits abound moreso than in other hotels and casinos. This looks like THE modern hotel of Vegas.. . I had a King's Terrace somethingorother suite, and I was blown away. A living room with a couch, desk, and huge TV; kitchen; bedroom with a giant bed adorned with downy pillows and comforter; a bathroom with a huge pornstar shower. Yeah, let me expand on the bathroom: The toilet is behind a separate door so you don't have to smell the odor of last night's Wicked Spoon buffet binge wafting through the whole room. The shower has a huge glass wall on one side that faces the bedroom...good for a show from your significant other. Additionally, further through the shower is a deep bathtub with two seats....AND THIS AREA OPENS RIGHT INTO THE BEDROOM! You can take a shower, steam off in the bath, and just climb right out into bed.. . There are lots of restaurants and bars in here that will cater to various personalities. However, the "party" scene really isn't for me, and while I appreciated looking at all these people bustling about, I felt a bit out of place. I'm a modern guy, but not a party person. Weird? . . Some things I was not pleased with: . - The Bigelow products that they stock the bathrooms with (mouthwash, body lotion, shampoo, etc...) are not pleasant. The shampoo and conditioner don't smell pleasant and feel abrasive on the hair, and the mouthwash doesn't feel as strong as Listerine. The Bigelow main store is near me in NYC so it felt like it was trying to follow me and stifle my experience, luls. . - While on the bathroom subject: there are no toothbrushes/toothpaste in the rooms. They give you luxuries like body lotion but they don't provide necessities like toothbrushes? I called the desk and they said its not standard in most room and sent it up. I still don't know whether the brushes and paste are free or not, so I guess I'll update the review when the deposit charge clears from my card.. - Though I stayed in mid-February, the temperature during the day was a beautiful mid to upper 60's. Coming from New York, this felt like dead of summer to me, and I wished I could have lounged around the pools. However, the pools are still closed for the season. Boooooo : (. . Overall, great hotel, especially if you're a party/drinky hot young thing. But even if you're not, you'll enjoy the rooms and restaurants!
My husband and I just stayed here to celebrate my birthday. I'm closer to 40 than 30, so we were looking to have "grown-up fun," as opposed to the usual Vegas shenanigans. (though it looks like those can be found EVERYWHERE). We've also stayed all over the Strip- from the Four Seasons  andWynn to the Luxor and MGM Grand, so were excited to try something new and upscale.. . We had a Studio room with a fountain view that overlooked the Bellagio fountain and the Strip and it was amazing. The room was great-- the perfect size- and we liked the open floorplan. The decor is lovely and we felt very at home and comfortable for the three days we spent there. Definitely book a room on a higher floor-- we were on 33 and I think I wouldn't want to be lower than 27ish for the view we had.. . The check-in/out/front desk/concierge staff were all great-- as were our waiters in all of the restos where we dined. Everyone was VERY attentive and it seemed like that was a priority throughout the resort, sans the doormen- of which I actually never saw one (maybe they dont have??). . We got drinks at the Chandelier bar, which is fun and a very cool, unique idea. The casino is actually pretty small, but it was fun and much nicer than the places that seem to go on forever. They have interesting art to look at and the LED screen pillars in the lobby are a very cool touch.. . We had an AMAZING dinner at Scarpetta. The food and wine were delicious and the service was impeccable. I LOVED our waiter!! We had a table for two right in the window facing the same Bellagio fountain-- I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner. I will definitely go back the next time we visit LV.. . We grabbed a quick lunch at the hidden pizza place one day-- and it was DELISH. there was a long line out the door and no sign marking the place-- and you could see why. it's a definite must for anyone staying at the hotel... We had lunch at Holstein's the following day- which was a good place to go if you want upscale diner food. I'm a Veggie, so the burgers (which are apparently pretty good)- were wasted on me- but my onion rings and milkshake were quite tasty. :). . We spent one afternoon at the Spa and Hammam. I visit spas around the world and consider myself an aficionado of sorts, so was a bit surprised that I was disappointed with this one in the end. The decor is ok and the staff mixed-- the girls in the locker room couldn't have cared less as it related to "service" and jammed everyone visiting the spa into one area of the locker room so we were all on top of one another. My husband and I BOTH noted that they also should have a clock or two in the spa, so you know how much time you have before your treatment appointment. I was also given the wrong size shoes and robe and it was also VERY messy-- there were open/used lockers and towels dropped on the floor or draped on doors in every corner, as well as an overflowing wastebasket of water bottles in the jacuzzi area. kind of gross...  we got a couples treatment in the Hammam, which was actually beautiful inside. the room itself felt very natural and modern at the same time and the heated stone is VERY cool. Our treatment (Red Flower Hammam Experience or something like that) wasn't at all what I expected from the written or verbal description I received (a bit lack-lustre) and IF we were to go back (which I probably wouldn't)- I'd opt for a massage with an add on scrub instead. I hate leaving disappointed and not relaxed-- especially after dropping $700 in about 2 hours- but hey, it was an experience and you have to try to know.. . the only other fault we found with our otherwise delightful Cosmo experience is the "dog-friendliness" of the hotel. As all of their commercials feature Great Danes (and other animals), we assumed it was a dog friendly hotel. It turns out it is- if your dog weighs less than 20lbs. Ours is about 10lbs, so it was fine (though I still think it's weird they show giant dogs in the elevator in those spots!)-- but the hotel ISN'T really dog-FRIENDLY. The Four Seasons and W chains offer in-room services and even menus for dogs-- they have dog beds, bowls, toys and leashes waiting in your room when you arrive or send them up- and offer pet-sitting and special treats, etc.-- but there was NOTHING at the Cosmo. As its Vegas, and there's nowhere to really TAKE your dog "outside"- they do have a dog run-- it's about 3ft wide and 10ft long. With as much real-estate that this place has dedicated to everything, we were REALLY surprised that they didn't have a grassy area where guests could sit and play with their dogs-- even a 12x12ft space would do, considering the dog size restrictions. Actually-- it would be GENIUS if they had a place that was a dog store, daycare, grooming and "park" area, as people pay big bucks for these services and I'm sure clients and locals alike would LOVE it.. . Anyway-- that's my novel of a review on our stay at the Cosmopolitan... all in all, I'd give it an 8.5 out of 10.
The hotel is very busy with things to see and do but the suite isn't very spacious. Love the balcony feature and that it's very clean inside but I wish the sure was a little larger. IMO, this is a great hotel for girls as the decor is more catered for them.
I had a really good experience here.  I came with my friend and her sister to celebrate her birthday and stayed for two nights over President's Day weekend.. . I was a little concerned about our stay here after reading some negative comments about the service and the crowd staying here, but I shouldn't have worried - we didn't run into any noise from the club or its patrons, and the service was fantastic.  We ordered a bottle of champagne and balloons for my friend and it was there waiting for us after we came back from our show the first night.  So cute!. . The decor is really fun, the beds were comfy (and had NO BEDBUGS, YAYYYYY!!!), the staff were friendly, and the hotel is clean and attractive.  I'm not giving it five stars because nothing happened that absolutely blew me away, but I liked the Cosmopolitan a lot and wouldn't hesitate to come back on my next visit.. . Side note: the Wicked Spoon buffet and Scarpetta, the Italian restaurant, were both absolutely fantastic.  Even if you're not staying here, definitely check them out.
Stayed here this week for a work conference. The quick rundown:. -The room is beautiful. -The view was great. -I got upgraded free cause it is a Marriott property now. -The staff was kind. -C.O. Bigelow products in the room is a nice perk. -Great location. . No need to say much more, everyone else already has.. . I'd definitely stay again if I can get a decent rate next time I come down.
I just spent 4 days at a conference, so my review is mainly of that.  . . Hotel rooms- Very comfortable.  I've heard from some that high winds rattle the window and whistle down the air shafts, keeping them awake at night; but I faced the other side and didn't have that problem (Still heard it, though). My view was of the Bellagio fountain display, which I highly recommend asking for.  I must add:  the water quality here is TERRIBLE, and the body lotion set in your room is basically water.  If you are staying for any length of time, bring your own industrial strength moisturizer.. . Casino.  Very generous.  If you know when to stop, many of my coworkers won nicely.  Also, doesn't have that 'I'm in tourist land' feel that most places struggle with.. . Conference rooms.  Spacious, tasteful.  Some issue with maintaining a comfortable temperature.  My biggest complaint is with the food.  Do you like starch?   Then you're in luck.  But if fruits and veggies are part of your food pyramid you might want to bring your own.  . . Decor.  It grew on me.  You'll love the elevator moving pictures.  Lots of sparkle throughout.. . Location.  Served my purposes.  Access to sky walks so getting across the main street is a breeze.
I stayed at the Cosmo in November 2011 for one night after four nights at Caesars Palace.  It was a free night due to using 35000 Marriott Rewards program points.  I booked into a Terrace Studio Studio in the West Tower (room 3506) .  The hotel is way over the top and the room was outrageous; one night was far too short a stay to enjoy being at the Cosmopolitan.
Only came here to eat at the Wicked Spoon buffet but I was floored when I walked into the resort. It is stunning!!. . I would definitely want to stay here and gamble. The place just feels like you are a superstar. The decor is very reminiscent of old Hollywood. I felt so glamorous just walking around!!!. . It is definitely a girly hotel and I have already begged my girlfriends if we can stay here next time we come to Vegas!. . BTW Wicked Spoon was yumm.
Really swanky place to spend the weekend.  Stayed here two weekends ago for a  Birthday getaway weekend.  Overall four stars for great room, variety of hotels, lack of that smokey casino floor smell, and modern decor.  We reserved a one bedroom with Bellagio fountain view and upgraded to the terrace suite on the 49th floor which was awesome.  The suite had a king bedroom, two full baths with showers, a hot tub, full kitchen, bar, living room, washer and dryer and large terrace with two lounge chairs.  It was weird that the kitchen had no silverware, dishes, or glasses.  Other than that the suite was great.. . We ate at STK and Estiatorio Milos, which were both fantastic.  Centrally located to everything on the strip.  One downside was that there was no dedicated concierge for suites.  Great experience, and I'll try and get back here before it's out of fashion.
I was fortunate enough to stay with friends here Super Bowl weekend when one of them had a comp'd room. Been to the Cosmopolitan for a night at Marquee a couple of times but this was my first time staying in the hotel. I really like the look & decor of the Cosmo. I don't know how to describe it except that it can fit right in South Beach with its styling and feel... Is 'modern-grand' a term?? It's a damn pretty hotel. From the artwork scattered around the hotel, the shops, the casino itself, the random sitting areas, the pool table anyone can use upstairs, the pools, the vending machines that dispense little 'tile or block' works of art... down to the people that choose to gamble and party here. It's definitely a good look.. . And let's face it... Marquee is the spot to party at in Vegas these days. Wow... Great times there. I have no complaints at all. But i can't go into too much detail either... HA!. . The room was nice. We had a clear view of the Bellagio water fountain from our windows. The beds were comf, the pillows were plump, the amenities very well thought out and some just seemed random. For ex: colored pencils on the desk. I did like the many electrical outlets on the desk itself. Vegas hotels seem to hide electrical outlets or seem to furnish their rooms with the bare minimum. The bathroom was nice. Dark woods, black marble & chrome. Two sinks, nice robes & towels provided, separate toilet area for privacy to handle bidness, awesome water pressure from the overhead rain shower... See through stand-up shower must be made for some Vegas deviousness. You gotta see it... Had to take a pic of it. I wasn't mad at that.. . Lobby area near check-in was very dramatic with the ever changing display panels that line the columns. I really liked that... A modern but artistic touch.. . Cant forget to to talk about the valet... Despite being a busy hotel, the amount of time waiting for our car to be retrieved was not bad at all. Cushy seating while you wait... Take the escalator down at the back entrance so it's away from the chaos that is the taxi drop off & pick up area.. . I like the Cosmopolitan. I'd stay there again for sure... Hopefully we'll get a terrace suite next time. Only hotel rooms in Vegas with them. Niiice.
I swing by the Cosmo all the time whenever I'm in Vegas. This place is gorgeous, but the rooms are pricey. I usually come here for the music at the Boulevard Pool or the Marquee Day and Nightclub. Slot machines are alright... This place is definitely for the younger crowd. The Book & Stage is the place to be if you want to enjoy good, free music. I saw Mayer Hawthorne and Brandon Flowers here during the Cosmo's grand opening, and it was a wonderful experience.
Simply the best Vegas hotel and I've stayed at most of them.  This place was originally planned to be condos so the rooms are like apartments with balconies which is unheard of in Vegas. The intelligent controls on lighting, TV etc are needlessly complicated but fun to play with. Everything is a cool kind of luxe.  Bars and clubs on the premises are excellent, Bond, Marquee and the Crystal Bar (three story bar encased in strings of crystals - your gambling dollars at work).  Only thing that keeps this from being 4 stars is STK the much hyped steak place where I was served a sub par touch NY Strip and music was extremely loud and terribly selected for a slower Sunday night.  Stupidest DJ and music programming you could imagine. Otherwise 5 stars.  Try to get a suite on the Bellagio side the fountain view is awesome, wish I could post a pic.  . Not good for kids and toward the pricey end of Vegas.  Not good table rules but a very cool and non cheesy casino like Bellagio in its prime.
Love this hotel! my new fave :D
Beautiful hotel...well done up!. . The entire interior of the casino and lobby floors define what modern should look like and it definitely has a lot of class to it. The staff at the tables are great, the drinks are well made (vodka tonic tasted much better than what Venetian gives...smoother vodka for sure), and the feel of the entire place is "poppin.". . The shops here are great. Can't remember their names for the life of me, but you can outfit a lost piece of luggage at one of these shops and still look good for an entire weekend here just by one stop. It's on the same level as Marquee. . . Time not permitting...sadly...my friends recommended the Bon Bar (not sure if that's how it's spelled, can't find it on Yelp). Very small corner bar next to the front entrance of the casino floor....looked incredible! Definitely hitting that up next time.
cool hotel.. very chic and modern.. it attracts a younger crowd.. lots of cool gadgets in the suites.. although it was rarely used as we were there for a bachelor party..
Nice hotel, decent buffet, staff was helpful, but drinks are pricey!. The great thing about this place- it's a Marriot hotel, so my marriot points work here!. Hopefully, we'll have more work functions at this hotel. It's a lot better and newer than some of the places on the strip :)
House cleaning service could have been better. What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
Stayed mid week and lack of crowds was fantastic (check in was a breeze, check out by Friday morning was crowded as hell).  We were upgraded, but it sounds like everyone and their mother gets upgraded, which makes me question that actual value of the rooms.  We were in the wraparound terrace suite for two nights, and it was very nice and spacious, lots of hanging out areas, although I'm pretty low maintenance when it comes to hotels, so I'm not the harshest judge.  Balcony was really nice to hang out on; apparently, most hotels in Las Vegas do not have balconies.  While the view of the Bellagio fountains is nice, the fountain show every half an hour gets a bit annoying.  Luckily, the sliding doors were pretty sound proof (not entirely, but good enough).  We had a kitchen, which was a welcome touch, but there aren't any plates or pans, so you can't really cook anything.  We just used it to chill champagne and store leftovers.  I loved the layout and openness of the bathroom and bedroom suite.  I usually find hotel bathrooms claustrophobic and awkward, but the huge separate tub and shower and two sink areas was great.  There is another full bathroom in the hallway, so the lack of privacy isn't a big deal if you have guests over.. . Since it's one of the new kids on the block, it obviously appears tasteful and modern.  There are many choices of restaurants and bar areas, and it's right in the middle of the Strip across from the Miracle Mile shops, so the location was perfect -- easy bridge access to Planet Hollywood or City Center / Aria and easy street level access.  Didn't have any problems at all.
Beautiful  casino and resort for a bachelor party. Stayed in a ridiculous 2 bedroom, 2.5 br suite, 1600 sqft! Rm 4453 during March Madness / St. Patrick's Day Weekend. Marquee is supposed to be awesome but the line is frustrating - I didn't go. When playing table games - drinks brought around are quality. Blackjack switch is featured here - great game. Didn't go to too many restaurants. Chandelier Bar is very cool and overall there are a ton of bars to frequent. Service is a bit confused here - but hopefully they figure out their kinks. Checkout process was a breeze and people were really friendly. Lots of good looking people in the casino - likely because it is new. Easy access to Belaggio and Planet Hollywood across the street. There was a strange "mall" feel from the third floor and second floor - but main floor is amazing. Lobby is super nice as is where cars pull up. Marriot hotel.
I would recommend this hotel to anyone heading to Vegas, for work, for a conference or just to go with friends/family!  Its new and hip but also very comfortable and has great priced rooms with awesome views (ask for Bellagio Fountain View).  . . My room was a standard room but was very large with two queen beds, a HUGE bathroom, nice balcony and a nice little living room area.  My coworker got upgraded to a suite which would make for a great room to get if you were throwing a bachelorette party or any type of party in your room.  It had a connector door too if you wanted one normal room with a party/suite room attached!  I also loved that the room elevators were right next to the lobby, its not like other hotels that make you walk through a maze with mile long hallways to get to your room.  Although they did have a 2nd tower that I guess you would have to take a short walk through the casino to get to those rooms. . . You can get Marriott Points when staying here, which is an added bonus!  . . Conference Facility:  We used one of their conference rooms at the hotel for our small group training, which was free to use when your group stays in the hotel, but you have to spend a minimum of $6000 on food, which was pretty easy to do with breakfast, snacks and lunches for 3 days.  The food was AMAZING for conference room food, I was really impressed and so were my coworkers.  I wish I had a larger stomach and could have eaten more of it.  We were definitely full the whole time, and the staff was super friendly and nice that served our group.  The bathrooms by the conference rooms were always clean and the conference rooms were always a comfortable temperature! . . Gym: I used the gym for 3 days while I was there and its a very nice hotel gym, with its own boxing ring!  I didn't see anyone in there boxing but it was pretty awesome that they had that and boxing bags in one room. They also had free weights, tons of cardio equipment and weight machines.  They even had a small room that offered classes or you could go in there and do your own workout when classes weren't going on.  Its $20/day or $50 for 3 consecutive day pass.. . Restaurants in Hotel:  There's a lot of great dining choices in the hotel itself.  The first night our group ate at China Poblano which was very good for small to medium size groups (we had 8). It had a mix of Mexican food and also Dim sum.  It was fun and the food was very tasty and unique.  . . We had drinks at the Chandelier Bar before dinner which is located right outside of the restaurant.  A few of us stayed out and ended up hitting up the Secret Pizza place which is right between the Sushi Restaurant and the glass elevator, its a long hallway that has no sign!  At the end of the hallway is amazing pizza by the slice and they're big slices!  . . The 2nd night we ate at Comme Ca which had really great French food and wines.  I recommend the cheese platter and the oyster risotto.  . . The last day there my coworker and I decided to try Wicked Spoon for lunch and we were SO HAPPY that we did.  Not only was the food amazing but there was such a fun selection.  The dessert bar alone is worth going for.  The price for brunch was very reasonable.  They had a very hip selection of food compared to other buffets.   It was such a broad selection of food that its hard to decide what to eat but would make any group happy, we almost wished we would have had one of our group dinners there even though the others were equally tasty but for the price you really do get a lot of bang for your buck!!. . Location: The hotel is located right next to the City Center and is connected by a short walkway to the new Crystals shopping center which also attaches to Aria.  The shops there are very pricey but there are also tons of restaurants.  It is also connected to another walkway that has the biggest Walgreen's I've ever seen.  So you can walk over and buy snacks/beer/wine/anything you think of that you might need for your room.. . My only complaint is that the bathroom smelled like wet dog in my room, I think the hotel is dog friendly (which I love dogs) but I just happened to have a room where a large dog must have been shut in the bathroom a lot.  My co-workers room didn't have any issues.. . They also have stupid rules about large parties over 8 in their restaurants.  You have to have a special prix fixe menu and they charge kind of ridiculous prices per person.  We ended up splitting our group of 16 at Comme Ca into two groups of 8 which worked out fine because the tables were right next to each other.   We wanted to give our group choices of their own dinner seeing as the conference food was picked for them so it was annoying that the large group dining was such a pain.  The reservation line that you use to make the dinner reservations also was not much help during the process!
The Cosmopolitan is geared towards young people, so it was the perfect choice for us as college seniors on spring break! We were upgraded for $50/night to a one-bedroom suite with a terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains and Paris Las Vegas. Gorgeous suite with a huge living room and bathroom. . . The Wicked Spoon was fantastic for brunch. Few of us paid for drinks, but we were all served unlimited mimosas, champagne, and bloody marys. Both the Chandelier Bar and Bond Bar were beautiful. The theme of the hotel is basically pink and sparkly, which is exactly what I love. Each drink cost between $13-17, so pretty expensive. We also got drinks IN the jacuzzi by the Boulevard Pool!. . Since we were hotel guests, we were able to skip the line and get in for free at the Marquee! The best part was the huge patio/pool area which gives you a nice break from the cramped dance floor.. .  The one thing they really need to work on is service in the hotel rooms. Losing 1 star because the mattress in the pull out bed smelled of urine and we weren't able to get anyone's attention that night even though we were told continuously that someone had been sent to take a look at it. They did give us a new mattress the next day, so it wasn't too awful.
What a beautiful hotel!  As you walk in you are given a glimpse of the Chandelier Bar which is a hip & styling bar/lounge located on 3 floors of the hotel.  You can access the floors in a glass elevator or use the escalators.  Although I didn't get to see much of the hotel on my trip out I did love the bar/lounge.  The Chandelier Bar closed at 4am which I find a bit early.  As we were leaving the hotel we had a late night snack craving and saw someone holding a box of pizza.  We found out there is a late night pizza joint open on the 3rd floor of the hotel.  The aroma as we entered the pizza place was amazing!  Unfortunately, due to the hunger nature of after clubbers, the line was way too long and the place was pretty small with not many workers.  . . I definitely need to go back & check this hotel out!  Maybe check out the Marquee Club next time!
Lets start with this statement: I think this is a nice hotel.. . HOWEVER, a regular of the Wynn, Aria, Bellagio, and even Venetian, this place feels like its trying to be something its not. The clientele is a bit trashier, the service is a bit less warm, and the food selection isn't as robust as the others that I've mentioned. . . The best thing about this hotel are the balcony-equipped rooms, although not all rooms have balconies. I felt the beds are as nice as the Wynn's which are my favorite beds. Their suites are also much more comfortable than the regular rooms.. . Their toiletries that come with the room are also top notch. . . This hotel definitely has a boutiquey feel. Their crowd is a bit younger and I hear their club, marquee, is the hottest club in Vegas at the moment, but it still feels like a hotel that is trying too hard to be hip, a second rate hotel masquarading as top notch one.. . So, my final diagnostic is that its a nice hotel, but if you're looking for a classier crowd in a place that pays attention to the details, the Wynn is where I'd recommend.
This is my second time staying at this hotel.. The rooms are amazing, very spacious, modern. One great plus is most rooms come with a balcony, which is a rarity in Las Vegas.. A very modern hotel.. It is the new it place to be.. the reason why I can't give it 5 stars is the size of the casino and that it does not have a poker room.. The staff could be a little more friendly and seem to care about your needs.. The new IN place to be.. I will be back soon.
Enjoyed my girls weekend trip. Second time coming here but first time actually staying here. First impression of the hotel is that it is for the young at heart. If you're planning to stay here for a family vacation, you're better staying at another hotel. Lots of young folks everywhere so if you don't want to hear music blaring at all hours of the day throughout the hotel or don't want the little ones to see women in their 6-inch heels, boobs hanging out, or asses hanging out- you're better off at Excalibur or Circus Circus.. . Anyhow, the rooms are very modern. There's a big balcony, gorgeous tiled shower, big jet bathtub, & spacious two sink counter--& with five girls staying together we were very comfortable. Aside from the mini bar & mini frig, there was also a microwave & dishwasher. Although we didn't use the dishwasher, the microwave did come in handy.. . I also enjoyed my time at the 4th floor pool. Back & forth chillin on the patio chairs & in the pool, drinking my frozen alcoholic drink while enjoying the Las Vegas sun. Beware of ordering food however, it takes forever! So either eat before you come to the pool or be very patient.. . Don't forget to stop by the big chandelier to take pictures--I don't know how many pictures we took. There's also a bar so just chill there while waiting for Club Marquee to open.. . Every genre of music at Club Marquee. No one will feel left out! There are also lots of tables & cabanas for bottle service. It gets packed quick sogirls beware of wearing those 6 inch spikes-the only time you get to sit down is if you have a table to crash at.. . Don't forget to eat at the buffet called The Wicked Spoon. Ate there for brunch and I really enjoyed my made to order omelet and my ready to build lox bagel. . . There are also other restaurants throughout the hotel. However, don't forget to eat at Holsteins. It's a pretty good burger joint. Milkshakes for the kids and you can also add alcohol for the adults. Not too hungry for an 8 or 16 ounce burger? No problem, they also serve tiny burgers which is a great little snack before the club. They come in three's so it's always good to share. . . Overall my experience at The Cosmopolitan was a pleasant one. Heard the customer service isn't that great but luckily I didn't experience any of that this past weekend. On my next Vegas getaway I will consider staying here again.
This hotel is R-O-C-K-I-N'!!!!!!  The restaurants (you have to go to STK - see my review) are amazing, the clubs (do what you have to do to get into the Marquee) are insane, and the gorgeous people are, well, gorgeous.  The sheer amount of hot women that walk through this hotel/casino is ridiculous.  Every where you turn there is another one.  I give it 4 stars because I've never actually stayed in one of their rooms.  So i cant give it 5 stars.  but if their rooms and room service are anything like their eateries, clubs, and clientele, then I'm sure this place would get a 5 star rating!  Did I mention the plethora of hot women?!?!?  You gotta check out the giant chandelier.  when i say giant, i mean GIANT!.  it takes up almost the entire side of the floor.  you can actually hang out in it and order a drink in the bar that is in the chandelier.  its hard to explain, trust me, just go.
This is now my favorite hotel in Vegas! I stayed here twice early last year and fell in love. This place is a fresh change from the older themed hotels and has some fabulous restaurants (see my other reviews of Scarpetta and Holstein's). We put the concierge to the test upon our arrival as one of my trips was on Valentine's Day and we arrived without dinner plans. The concierge successfully booked us tickets to Zumanity and reservations for Scarpetta without any problems and we had a fabulous evening. . . What about the rooms you ask? Awesome. We were upgraded to one of the rooms with a kitchen and balcony with a view of the strip. They even have corner rooms available with views of the Bellagio fountains. Definitely the trendiest new hotel on the strip in my opinion. . . The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is because I think they still had some kinks to work out, but that's to be expected with a new property. I'll definitely be coming back to this property for many more visits.
This a little shy of a 4 only because the lights kept going out in our room. We had the terrace sweet and when we first entered the light to the room where the toilet is would not turn on. Finally someone came to fix it. Then we came back from clubbing to find that the bathroom light wouldn't turn on... Irritating. Other than that the hotel is amazing. The decor is modern and a tad eclectic. There are good choices for restaurants and the rooms, aside from the broken lights, are gorgeous... I really like the parking structure  because the spots tell you what's open and what's not (I appreciate the little things in life) the dealers are super nice! I'm a gambling noob so it was great that our dealer took the time to explain the etiquette going into playing at the tables.. . They also gave us a free $5 when we joined their identity membership cards...
We went for my husband's 30th birthday and I must say this was by far one of the best experinces I have ever had.  I loved the decor of the hotel, the ambiance, the food, the casino, and I loved that the waitresses kept the drinks coming when I was gambling.  The only ripoff was the Club Marquee, it was way overpriced and you could not sit down unless you got bottle service.  I could only last an hour before my feet in my 5 inch heels were screaming.  I say skip the club and hang out in the casino, the spa, and hit their buffet.  I was also able to book my husband a boxing lesson in the gym at the last minute as his birthday present, after the boxing lesson we were able to use the spa services all day at no additional charge. I am defintely going back. It was a great time at the Cosmo, no other hotels really compare.
This is by far my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I've walked through the Cosmo a few times to get to Marquee, but this past trip was my first time staying at the hotel.  . . We had an awesome two bedroom suite with a gorgeous view of the strip.  One room had a king and the other one had two queens.  There was a huge bathroom in each bedroom with a half bath in the hallway.  Loved, loved, LOVED our suite!. . There are also a variety of dining options in the hotel, so you can satisfy all your cravings.  There's pizza, Chinese/Mexican, steak, Spanish tapas, a buffet, and plenty more.  We ended up at Henry's a few times for late night/early morning eats.  Holsteins Shakes and Buns was also another good spot for burgers.. . I was able to see the pool from my room, but unfortunately, the temperature dropped when we flew in and it was a tad too chilly to work on my tan.  Instead, I spent my time in the casino......losing, losing, winning, then losing my money.  Fun times nonetheless.   . . One of the perks of staying at the Cosmo.  Hotel guests can get into Marquee for free on Friday nights....2 guests per room key.  . . Can't wait to come back again!
This is a hip place.  The decoration of The Cosmopolitan is modern and sleek and oozes modern sex appeal.  A great place to grab a drink or dinner or dance. . . I didn't stay here and probably wouldn't.  I'll come for the other amenities. . . This is a GREAT place to people watch!
Nice place but our king sized bed sagged in the middle and hurt my back. Then there was only one small trash can for the entire suite. The mini bar/fridge system was too sensitive and we were charged even though we spoke to three people who said that they wouldn't charge us since we didn't consume anything.
I think this hotel is fantastic. I won't stay anywhere else now. However there was a problem this time. They call themselves a "non smoking hotel". Yet when I walked into the first room they tried to give me it smell Ed like smoke in the hallway and as we came into our room. The table had a cigarette burn on the table, the windows were filthy and it looked dirty. I felt they tried to pawn off that room on us. We didn't accept it. The next room we got still smelled like smoke in the hall but not so much in the room. I don't understand why you would smoke in your room when you have 3 patios to smoke on. Even though it's a "non smoking hotel. Better come to this hotel now. In 3 years this hotel will be run down like some of the other nice hotels. People just can't respect other people's property. Wicked Spoon buffet is the best in Vegas!
The thing about the Cosmopolitan is that its so modern and hip and chic, its a little intimidating for those of us who only know about Kim Kardashian because ESPN tells us about the athlete she's banging and are not actively pursuing her kind of lifestyle.  However, I found it to be far more approachable than I expected it to be, especially during the day.. . The people working there were very friendly, the restaurants are top notch, and the place is just flat out beautiful.  It doesn't hurt that the Cosmopolitan is a magnet for gorgeous women, the kind who think of Kim Kardashian as a role model, and hell I don't mind looking.
What a fabulous hotel.   The bars and restaurants are second to none and the rooms are beautiful-- modern, funky, and spacious.  . . I stayed here twice within the first few months that the hotel was open and did encounter a few issues, but I will chalk them up to working out the kinks of a new hotel.  The very first time I stayed there I had a faulty room door, someone else's food still in my mini-bar fridge and the TV system went down one night (which is a particular issue here because most of the systems-- TV, phone, lights, etc.-- are all interconnected).. . The second time I checked in early and there were no rooms, which is to be expected.  When I finally did get to check in, I went to my room and someone else's things were in there-- AGH! Scary stuff.  Thank goodness it was only someone's stuff and not someone, but still.  The Cosmopolitan staff was very apologetic and wonderful about the issue though-- they gave me a free upgrade to a fantastic suite, so I can't complain about that.. . Like I said, I think it was new hotel kinks and I would certainly return again on my next trip to Vegas!
Just spent some time on the casino floor.  Three main things I noticed: . . The service was all over the place.  One bar had lame bartender who had no patience, although she WAS really busy.  One bar had bartenders sitting around who were very nice.  The two bars were about20 feet from each other and one was packed and one had open seats.  I don't really understand, but okay!  Vegas is a crazy place!. . Drinks were expensive which isn't surprising, but at least they were strong (also not surprising - welcome to Vegas).  . . The atmosphere and decor were pretty cool.  They were all over the place, from the LED light shows to the giant chandelier, but the common theme was dark, modern, and vaguely club-like.  It was nice, almost felt like being in a club when you're just inside a foyer.  Oh, and the seat I was in at the bar?  Amazingly comfortable.
I went to the buffet with my best Girl, and it was a wonderful experience. The food was served in mini fryers for fried foods, and mini pans for pan cooked items. You gotta go and see for yourself. I forgot to mention, the food at this buffet was awesome. Truly a must visit place in Vegas. Well priced for the value you get.
I am here for a conference, but staying off the strip (Vegas doesn't agree with my sensibilities).. . Parking is easy and spacious, the conference is in the west tower, the little drive to the parking garage isn't well marked, but if you are heading south on the strip, when you see the Cosmopolitan building, turn right into what looks like an alley. The ramp down to the garage is on your left.. . They conveniently tell you how many spaces are open on each level, and each space has a red/green/blue light (blue for handicap) above it to let you know if it is available or not.. . The food is well above average for the conference, the muffins and pastries seem like they are made fresh (I know, when do you ever get that?!?). . This is a tall building. In the evening, when heading down to the garage, the elevator was PACKED and smelled like an Axe bomb went off in it.. . The decor is nice and modern.
We stayed here for two nights, and we were lucky to get a room with a balcony facing Bellagio!  The view could not get better than this!  We had the water fountain show every 15 min or so, and it was great! Even if we didn't watch the fountain show, the music playing with the show was also very entertaining.  The room was very spacious and nice!  Definitely want to come back and stay here again!!!
Wow. What a hotel! I have been to Vegas many times and stayed in a bunch of different hotels. I go every April for a week long work convention. This time, I decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan. . . First impression, not great! I walked in after being on a plane for 5+ hours to find no line for check-in, YES! However, it still took me about 15-20 minutes to get the keys to my room. I have never seen a slower process. I guess they were trying to find me a good room, which I did not request but of course was appreciated. I finally got the keys to my room and headed up! WOWSERS she did find me a nice suite in the West Tower with a balcony over looking the Bellagio Fountains. . . The room was spectacular! Nice sitting area, comfy bed, huge balcony, small kitchen area, huge bathroom! I loved it, just wish I could have spent more time in my room ;) . . I didn't gamble so can't talk about the casino part of the hotel. I did  eat at some of the restaurants. I love the burger and shake joint (can't remember the name). The fried pickles were to die for. I also had the alcoholic Mint Chocolate Chip Shake- YUMMY! I often got breakfast to go at Va Benna ( I think is the name),rather expensive but usually quick and had good Chai Tea's and pastries. However, I really enjoyed the Cosmo and would love to stay there again. However, if I am going back for business, I would probably stay at the Wynn or Encore as they are easier to get to and from the Las Vegas Convention Center.
Sleek, ultra-modern, see-and-be-seen property. Lives up to its name.. . Pleasantly impressed during my return visit this yr. after deciding to give Cosmo another try following an unimpressive experience last May. . . ROOMS. Best-in-class room technology. Everything is centrally controlled from the phone console - lighting, climate, TV/sound, concierge and other services. All lighting is fully dimmable (Lutron) - phenomenal feature.. . Bathrooms are beautifully done, featuring top-line Kallista fixtures, Kohler sink, Kohler lav. There are bathroom blinds into the room. Bathroom and closet shared a space-efficient sliding door with full-length mirror. Toiletries are C.O. Bigelow. Plenty of floor-length mirrors in the room - a nice-to-have in Vegas.. . Decor is tastefully modern without being minimalist, great furniture.. . Beds are very comfortable.. . Had a terrace room facing away from the Strip (quieter) during my first visit, the balcony is a nice feature. Had a Strip-facing room this visit overlooking the Bellagio fountains - excellent view.. . SERVICE. Front desk is professional and helpful, minus the attitude I experienced last yr., which was consistent with Cosmo's initial reviews. Accommodated my request for high floor/quiet room wonderfully - was assigned Bellagio-facing room on the 59th floor. Zero noise on the floor. Replaced my keys swiftly no questions.. Beck & call (phone concierge) was fully functional and responsive - could hardly ever get through to concierge during my previous visit.. . Room service pre-orders are available to schedule in increments of 20 minutes (ie: 8-8:20 am), and Heather was right on time both mornings, considerate (could tell I was barely awake) and courteous.. . Cleaning service could use more attention to detail - day 1 I was stranded without a bath rug, which the concierge eventually assisted with, and staff also forgot to replenish certain amenities upon arrival.. . Taxi stand - never had to wait, very efficiently run. Taxi staff is extremely professional.. . DECOR. Pure eye candy - no expenses spared on premise. The Chandelier (most impressive lighting fixture in Vegas), Vesper Bar, BOND (entrance bar facing the Strip), and even the hotel lobby feature incredible crystal lighting, fantastic use of color and LED columns with changing imagery - the visual effects are unparalleled. Best execution of art + technology.. . DINING. Wicked Spoon (4-star, favorite buffet in Vegas), Blue Ribbon (3.5 star). Have heard STK is fantastic but DOCG (Italian) is just ok. . . LOCATION. Connected to City Center which houses plenty of couture boutiques, next door to Bellagio Fountains, across the street from Miracle Mile Shops (more accessible shopping)
What an amazing hotel. This place is one of the newest on the strip so therefore is likely going to be the nicest. The rooms are very beautiful with awesome TVs that control the music, AC, lights and more in the rooms. The bathrooms are pretty swanky with lots of towels robes, etc provided. The balconies have great views, just everything anout this place is nice. The nightlife here , Marquee, is pretty good too but very hard to get into without paying $$$$ to get in. The 2 main bars here also make the best craft cocktails on the strip so check those out as well. I'm taking a star off due to service / operational issues at the hotel. This includes the longest check in and check out  lines I've experienced at any hotel ever. So check out via the TV if you want to get out fast. I also had to call multiple times to get a roll away bed even though I requested one before arriving. This paired with some other problems at a friends room showed they need to work on back of house operations. Otherwise this place pretty much had everything I wanted and didn't need to leave the hotel.
For as long as I can remember I had always wanted to visit Las Vegas. As most teenagers I promised myself that as soon as I'd turn 21 I would head over there and party the night away. For one reason or another 21 came and went and I never made it there... that is until this year!. . With so many different hotel options it can be a little overwhelming to choose where to stay in Las Vegas. We knew we wanted something right on the strip that would allow us to explore without the need for transportation. Our main hotel choices were the Vdara, the Aria, the Palazzo, and the Cosmopolitan. After much debating and a thorough evaluation of the TripAdvisor reviews we decided to go with the Cosmo. . . We flew from Bellingham via Allegiant Air and we arrived to Vegas at around 10am and ended up getting to our hotel close to 11am. The Cosmopolitan is stunning from both the outside and the inside. Its location on the strip is enviable as it has the Bellagio Fountains on one side, the Paris and Planet Hollywood in front of it, and the super luxurious Crystals mall on the other side.. . The lobby at the Cosmopolitan is very high tech in comparison to the rest of the hotel lobbys in Vegas. As soon as you enter the hotel's main floor you'll be greeted by glass columns that have screens inside of them that display ever-changing art sets. The different art sets completely alter the mood of the lobby - amongst some of the displays we saw were flowers, books, fish, lines, and my favourite of them all, naked models inside of columns full of steam (shown below and in more detail on this blog). If you enjoy art and a contemporary hotel feel you won't be disappointed staying at the Cosmo.. . One word of advice when it comes to the check-in process - the line ups can be extremely long at around 11am (the time we got there) as people are checking in and out at around the same time and even though the hotel offers express checkout many of the guests are reluctant to use it. If your flight arrives at around 10am like ours did, you'd be better to go out for breakfast or lunch first and then register at the hotel afterwards. In terms of our room, we originally got a Terrace Studio but when we got there we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to a Terrace Studio with Fountain Views for approximately $30 more per night. Since this was our first time in Las Vegas we decided to go for the upgrade and I am very glad we did. The views on our studio suite were out of this world - we could literally sit in our balcony and watch the Bellagio Fountains show.. . My hubby and I made the following video to showcase the suite in a bit more detail. Hope you enjoy it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlssJPWfkko&feature=plcp. . Another great aspect of The Cosmopolitan is the fact that it has three different pools, all with different moods and landscaping. My favourite pool was the one at The Marquee. The Marquee is a very exclusive day club and night club in Las Vegas - the entry cover fee is usually $40 per day but Cosmopolitan guests get in for free by showing their room key and ID - a huge perk! The Marquee has high energy DJ music playing on the background, a nice pool in the middle and some VIP cabanas along the edges of the club which come equipped with a private mini pool. If you go to the day club make sure to order a Surfside - it has some delicious tropical flavours that will keep you coming back for more!. . If you happen to be a Foursquare user you may actually benefit from checking-in at the Cosmo. First of all follow The Cosmopolitan on Foursquare and then check-in at three different categories of venues at the resort to unlock a special Cosmopolitan badge which will get you VIP entry access to Wicked Spoon - their world renown buffet.. . Having never been to Vegas before we were a little unsure as to what shows to watch and how to get a good deal on the tickets for them. Luckily enough one of my co-workers had mentioned to me that some kiosks along the strip sell discounted tickets for shows playing the same night. Sure enough we found a Tix4Tonight booth across the street from our hotel. We did end up getting a pretty good deal on the tickets and we also got some discounts on dinner options. In terms of the shows, we decided to watch Le Reve and The Phantom Of The Opera. You will not be disappointed with either of these shows but my personal favourite was Le Reve - a show in which dancers and acrobats come in and out of a huge water pool in the middle of the stage. . . In terms of shopping I would highly recommend making a trip to both The Fashion Show Mall and The Premium Outlets - they both have tons of quality stores and you can find great deals literally everywhere. In terms of dining my favourite restaurant was Taqueria Canonita - featuring contemporary mexican fusion cuisine with views of the Venetian water canals. . . Thanks for reading and VIVA LAS VEGAS! - www.electroheartbeats.com
I can only give this hotel 4 stars because I didn't stay here and didn't get the full Cosmopolitan experience. I can imagine that it's worth all 5 stars, but I can't know for sure just yet. I did however visit the casino a few times during the day and night. It's gorgeous inside with strands of crystals hanging from the ceiling like you are actually inside a chandelier. OMG I loved it, sooo pretty. The clubs and shops inside were top notch and most probably out of my price range, but awesome none the less. I went to the Sports Book and got to watch my team kick butt for a little while on their screen of TV's. I had bet at my casino, but The Cosmopolitan's odds were better. This place is pretty much one of the nicest hotels on the Strip right now. I walked through almost every single hotel, and this one really stood out!
A really great, swank, modern hotel.  We were able to get a great deal at the time and decided to go for it in booking here.  The rooms were great!  See thru shower (similar to The Standard Hotel) so be aware of who you're sharing the room w/before booking.  Great bedding, linen, and a multitude of light settings w/all-in-one remote that controls everything in the room (TV, lighting, music, etc).  The casino is also pretty clean and crisp, and as you would expect, the limits are on the higher side.  I really admire their chandelier bar, its a great central hub / focal point of the casino.  The only downside to the hotel really is their front desk / reception.  It's definitely a cramped area, great aesthetics in the changing panels, but I wish they had more attendants or somehow expedited their check-in.  Checking in at 10pm you would think that it would be somehow less crowded (considering check-in is 3pm) but we waiting almost 30mins - kinda nuts if you ask me.  But its worth the wait and stay if you can get it for a good price - full price, i'm not too sure its worth it.
First impressions of Cosmo is that it is a place to go to be seen....unless of course you're a bunch of middle aged men, then more than likely you're there to see vs. being seen.. . While not as large is its neighbor to the South, Cosmo is still huge compared to many along The Strip.  Not being a club guy I cannot comment on those however there are plenty of lounge areas in this gem to grab a drink.  However on a weekend night, don't expect to find much seating especially if you're with a larger group.. . One of the noticeable things is the fact that they did not spare costs on the details.  Everything in this place speaks money.  The Chandelier Bar is impressive mainly due to the chandelier itself.  The fixture is massive and quite impressive to see.  It is also a good place to sit back and people watch.. . The tables in this casino are as you'd expect......HIGH!!  However, it is no different that what you'd find elsewhere on The Strip.. . The place had a continuous buzz to it and although extremely busy, it was impressively clean and maintained.  Another thing I like about Cosmo is that didn't have that stale smoke smell even though there was plenty of smoking going on around us.. . The staff here is part of what makes it stand out.  Each venue was like the last....helpful and friendly.  The never once made it feel like a chore to be helping out the customer.. . All in all, Cosmo stands up to the glitz and glam of Vegas and definitely a sight to see......or be seen, whatever your perspective is.
This review is in perspective of someone just visiting the Cosmopolitan.  So apparently Cosmopolitan is translation for Awesome Hell because I saw some of the baddest looking chicks i have ever seen in my life.  By "baddest" i mean fine.  Bunch of freaks up in there (when was the last time you heard someone call a hot girl a freak).   . . Apparently Marquee attracts the hottest girls of the world.  A group of friends and I just chilled at a bar on the second level and enjoyed the view.  Tho the girls are the hottest thing in the world, doesn't seem like they're willing to give you the time of day, which made me try harder :)  . . One thing i learned about hot girls going to vegas....THEY LOVE HOUSE AND TECHNO.
With a 1000+ reviews I'll just be adding to the white noise, but this hotel was a lovely experience. I typically have hated Las Vegas in the past due to its less than classy atmosphere, its density of cigarette smoke, and the thin sheen of desperation over all the golden city. So, I was dreading the traditional bachelorette in Vegas. . After an easy shuttle ride over the the hotel, I was impressed by the gorgeous silver decor with lavendar and dark wood. The hotel was obviously busy and bustling, and amusingly the cocktail girls were out even at 9AM to serve in highheels. We unfortunately couldn't check in until hours later, but they were very nice about checking our bags and giving us access to the pool while we waited. . At check-in time, the lines seemed impossibly long, but we actually only had to wait 30 minutes to check in. The concierge helped us find rooms all together, and we were helped up to our rooms. The rooms themselves were lovely and very girly, obviously new, with pretty views. I was pretty impressed with the linen choices, the modern graphics choices, and the technology in the room. Sorry, but gadgets are my thing and the central TV that displayed our check-in name and could surf all the amenities of the hotel was pretty cool. Also, I'm VERY noise sensitive and despite the regular party crowd, I didn't hear a thing.. Since only one of us gambled, we were primarily there to see some shows, eat delicious food and dance. All of these things were easily found near the Cosmopolitan's central location. The hotel's restaurants themselves averaged about a 3.5 rating, but I did approve of their attempt to accommodate gluten free and diary free diners by printing out allergy specific menus. Also, one of the hottest night clubs was in the hotel, so we were able to simply walk downstairs, get in, and dance all night. All in all it was a great time, the staff was very tolerant of our bachelorette antics, and for a girl whose feet got very sore after dancing, it was easy to get home and pass out at 4AM. I'd definitely recommend this hotel.
I thought balconies in Las Vegas were illegal? OH well, guess not!. . My dad loves this place because he can actually smoke in his room, outside on the balcony without having the room smell of smoke, which is cool.. . I'd definitely like to stay here more often, but it's pricey! And when I go to Vegas, I'm on a budget! Hopefully, one day when i'm BALLINNNNG! :). . Everything is just so new here, which is why I like it so much, and it's right across from PH, which is where Earl's of Sandwich is! BOMB! Cha-ching!
Hip, Modern, Flashy, Chic, Well Decorated, Fun. Basically everything a hotel and casino should be in Vegas. Close to a bunch of fun places, we got a room overlooking the Bellagio water show, pretty damn sweet. Tons of pools and a solid club, no reason to leave the place really ever... But that's the idea right!? Fun.
This place is beautiful!  Such a step up from the other casinos on the strip.  It boasts a lot of elegance and class.  Don't be fooled though.  The nightlife brings out the horn toads.  Tonight this place was packed with men trying to hit on women, women trying to hit on other women and men trying to hit on other men :) LOL.  As pricey as this place can be, it attracts a large young crowd, making the place super hip and trendy in my eyes.  I often times hit the three story Chandelier bar, Marquee and sometimes the restaurants on the third floor.  All in all, I think the Cosmo has a lot to offer.  Don't come here wanting a nice quiet evening though.  She's super loud!
Amazing hotel. The room was the nicest room I have ever stayed in. 2 beds, living room kitchen, balcony with a view of the fountains. The stafff, awesome. Whenever we called for something is was in our room quickly. They answered any question we had and were very helpful. The hotel itself is incredibly chic and young. Definitely the 21-35 year old crowd. The only negative was the check in. We checked in at 11 and had to wait around until 4 to get a text that our room was ready. It was not a huge deal since there is so much to do on the strip but I wish we could have went into the room when we arrived. Another thing that might turn some people off is the crowed is a bit of the "im better than you" type.
Love the Cosmopolitan.  Had an amazing room and requests for fresh towels were fulfilled promptly.  The pools are great and it is by far my favorite hotel on the strip at the moment.  Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the slow check in process.
The Cosmo - Las Vegas' most over hyped hotel.. . This hotel is already showing heavy signs of wear and tear... probably because every 21+ LA native comes here to party hard.. . The rooms are adequately comfortable but something about it screams, too simple. I prefer more elegant accommodations; personally nothing beats the Bellagio in that department.. . The downstairs casino and surrounding bar areas are beautiful and very modern. The rooms don't seem to match the grandeur of the lower levels, but that's just me.. . This place is great if you have plans to go to Marquee... you can just stumble up an elevator and be in your room. No cabs to deal with, which is pretty great at 4:00 A.M. after a night of drinking.. . Overall, this hotel is impressive but could be better.
+/- It's a pretty casino but I don't know how long that will last since it's so trendy. - Casino games are so expensive even in the early  mornings of the night, nothing less than $25 a table. + if you hold out on getting the Casino's membership card, you can get some sort of promo with it; for example I was able to spin a wheel to win 2 tickets to the buffet (other prices were match play, slot play or spa tickets). - Wicked Spoon is their buffet which isn't very good and definitely not worth the long wait. +/- Marquee is the new hot club in town but the stairs between each of the dance floors is such a killer towards the end of the night. +/- there's the day time Marquee pool party that looks hopping but at a cost; and then there's the free pool which doesn't get much sun since the tall buildings around it creates shade. + beautiful king bedroom suites. +/- the view from the wrap around terrace is pretty but not that impressive (really windy on the balconies). . Note:. I think the rollaway beds are free, at least we weren't charged. Also, because the Cosmo is a Marriott chain hotel, you can price match any deals found on another site with their claim form (https://www.marriott.com/look/claimForm.mi) so be on the look out!
I stayed here for 6 nights. Yes, six nights in Vegas, Am I a masochist? Perhaps. But it was for work. And even with that point of reference, time ceased to exist; as did regular sleep and nourishment. You find yourself in a neon haze surround by 4-inch heels and a plethora of douche. This level of exposure is really only recommended for the professional... or the insane... or perhaps Justin Beiber. My time in Vegas was something akin to Jesus's 40 days and nights. Was I tested? Yes. Was I enlightened? Only my pocketbook. Would I have rather endured this trial anywhere else? No. Cosmo is the place to be on the Strip. Until next week, when something shinier comes along. . . The rooms are alright, 3/5. I had a mere City Room. Though I faced exposure to a Terrace Room and a Two Bedroom Suite. None of which knocked my socks off. But you don't really come to Vegas for the rooms do you? Not unless you are my mom. And then it's all about the rooms and nickel slots. . . Comso is aout the scene, 5/5. And from a technical standpoint, the layout is quite refreshing. It is linear and provokes a casual and meander to and fro two definitive points of access--not this circular, "Wait where am I?" thing every other casino in Vegas has. . . And then there's food: I ate at 8/14 restaurants during my stay. Yes, I lived here. All have the Vegas prim$um attached. So beware, but that is to be expected. The standouts for me were: Holstiens and Jaleo. . . So indulge dear friends! Get meta and have a cosmo in Cosmo. I dare you. Your head may explode... But only temporally?. . And if you need an explanation for this review: There is a chance I'm still slightly intoxicated as I write this. And yes, it's a week later.
This review is just for my experience gambling and parking here. I did not stay @ the Cosmopolitan this time around although, after this visit, I'm certainly open to it. The parking garage is HIGH-Tech for sure. I may be a nerd but I just really appreciate that they have digital boards up tracking how many spots are available on each level. Plus they have indicator lights over each space in the aisle. You can clearly see the blue light (or green?  I forget) amongst the sea of red lights indicating that a space is open. Plus parking is FREE people ( it is pretty much everywhere on the strip but some people don't know.)  Anyway, card games are much more chill here. On the main floor, you just play against the house. No playing against each other. Just keeps it simple which I like. I wish the servers were a bit quicker with the drinks but they were free so I'm not really upset about it. The cosmopolitan is a great place right in the center of all the Strip action. I would definitely come back to play, eat, and stay.
This is a really nice hotel.  Great gym.  Great pools (specifically the Bamboo Pool - as I consider myself an adult - get there before 11 is you want a seat). Great casino floor.  Lots of fun stuff to look at - yes.  Everything about this place is really nicely done.  We were in a Terrace Studio.  We've been in a lot of nice hotels - but this is my new favorite.  Tons of space in all rooms.  It really felt like home away from home.  And the bed was the best hotel bed I've been in in a long time - better than the Ws and the St. Regis.  I haven't slept that well away from home in a long time - almost so much so that I wanted to stay another night.  We will be back.
I really enjoyed my stay at Cosmopolitan, but I wouldn't consider this hotel and casino to be a 5 star, or something that is on par with the Wynn.. . Check-In: Check in took less than 15 minutes at 11:00 on a Thursday, in spite of what a appeared to be about 4 people deep in each line. I did immediately notice that none of the hotel staff were wearing name tags, which is somewhat aggravating because you can't address people by their first name, nor can you remember their name for reference in the event you were told something.. We didn't receive our room assignment right away, so we went and had lunch and went to the pool. By 1:00 we received a text with our room number, and our keys were working. . . The Room: We had a one-bedroom terrace suite, overlooking the fountains, which was breathtaking. It was our anniversary weekend, and this really made the entire experience. The room was spacious, well lit, and there was room in the freezer portion of the fridge to store our food. Overall, the room was clean, but I noticed a few details, such as one of the light bulbs in the center light fixture was burned out. The wood shelves were slightly dusty, and the shower door didn't completely close, leaving a little water on the floor after each shower. But overall, the decor was beautiful, the bed was comfortable, and it was a great set-up, because it the bedroom could be closed off from the living room for sleeping privacy, or mid-day naps, while the other person watched TV in living room. The terrace balcony was unlike anything I had experienced in Vegas, the view was unreal. The glass wall was a little dirty, but only on the outside. Looking at the hotel, I could only imagine how difficult it would be to clean that glass from the outside.... It would probably be very costly considering it would require window washers at extreme heights.. . The Lobby/Casino: The lobby and casino were a lot darker than I had imagined, but they were well ventilated, and the walkway through the casino was a nice, straight shot to the Strip. No mazes or confusing paths to get out, I really liked that. The casino floor, while smaller than most, was thoughtfully planned out, and the Chandelier bar in the center was a beautiful meeting spot. The casino staff were hit or miss, some were very friendly, while a couple of staff I encountered had poor attitudes. But again, I didn't know their names because they weren't wearing name tags.. . Bamboo: This is the quieter, more serene pool with gentle music. The pool itself if beautiful, but small by Vegas standards. I t did have a large shallow area for sitting, which was nice to be able to cool off without submerging oneself. The drawback of this pool is that it is so small, that there really aren't nearly enough loungers to meet the needs of their guests. By 11:00, you would be very hard pressed to find one, much less two.. Boulevard: While it isn't the Marquee pool, on a Saturday afternoon, you could easily mistake it for it. Although it isn't advertised as a Party Pool, it should probably be classified as such. By 2:00 on Saturday, there were nearly 150+ people in the actual pool, wall to wall bodies drinking, playing with beach balls and lots of socializing/wild behavior. Warning: THIS ISN'T A POOL FOR CHILDREN!! I saw one woman walk in with a toddler, and immediately walk out realizing that this was not a good fit. At several points I smelled pot being smoked. I would say 95% of the pool goers at Boulevard were between the ages of 19-35, lots of good looking people. However, finding a lounge chair at Boulevard after 10:00 on weekend is like finding the Holy Grail, you have to chair-stalk people if you arrive too late. The staff will help you find one if you ask, but people were really territorial and claimed that their friends were sitting on spots, even though they hadn't touched the chairs in hours. Needless to say, this pool is also way too small for a hotel of this size.. . Nightlife: This hotel comes alive after 10:00, people pour in from all over the strip. They are dressed up and ready to go out. You won't see people in UFC attire or middle aged women with fanny packs. You really don't need to actually go to Marquee to experience this hotel's nightlife, the bars and casino floor are packed with people who have come out to party. . . Proximity/Location: I would say that Cosmo is probably one of the best values in terms of location on the strip. It is considered center, but another advantage it has is that the strip is very easy to access, from various points in the building. We liked that the hotel had a catwalk to Miracle Mile, which has a brand new, jumbo size 24-hour Walgreens attached. We stocked up on food, beer and all the toiletries we'd forgotten. Also, there is a McDonald's and a variety of other bargain food options nearby. . . Overall, considering the price we paid, I would definitely stay at Cosmo again if we got the same room for the same rate.
My boyfriend and I spent this past weekend staying at The Cosmopolitan and I must say, we were really impressed with the staff and the overall experience. We are definitely going to think of this place when we want to visit Vegas again.. . I'm still recovering from the crazy weekend coupled with two grueling days back in school (i'm beyond 'Case of the Mondays' and it's finals next week), but I just had to note that the dayclub pool party Marquee holds is ANNOYING. Well, to be more accurate, it was annoying because I was trying to nap when I first landed in Vegas where I had an insanely early flight (6:35am) and then had to wait for my room 3-4 hours after we checked in. Even though we were on the 29th floor, it didn't save us from all that bass flowing into the room.. If that is something you absolutely cannot stand then perhaps this isn't the hotel for you only because I couldn't tell you how you could avoid facing the pool and I don't know if they would actually give you the room away from it.. . The noise level definitely knocked off 1 star off the rating even though Saturday it wasn't as annoying (I believe I started hearing music begin to play around 11am). It actually prompted me to wake up and start getting ready. Other than that, I enjoyed everything The Cosmopolitan had to offer.
we stayed here 1/23-1/26 in the wrap-around suite. it was so nice! i wish i had lived here! the front desk was courteous.. . ...too lazy to write a review. to end it, the wrap-around was awesome but my bf was itchy, then it was me. i think it's the detergent or something, that they use to wash their bed sheets, towels, etc. unless it was something we ate that made us itch.. . anyways, would definitely stay here again. i'll probably stay here once more to see if it was indeed the bed sheets, towels, etc.. . til then...i'm going back to the Aria for my birthday come this August! made reservations just now, for the wonderful corner suite! =). . dinged 1 * for the itchy and scratchy.
I had visited the Cosmo before but this was the first time I actually stayed here. Not surprisingly, not disappointed. This place has everything and you really would never have to leave if you didn't want to. Plenty of restaurants, casino action, and even shopping located within this small metropolis. . . I didn't try all of the restaurants but am a regular at the secret pizza place and can't recommend it enough. Also tried China Poblano. I wrote separate reviews on each so I'll limit this to the Cosmo as a whole. . . Check in was fast at about 11:00 am on a Sunday morning. A server was walking around those in line offering chilled water. A nice touch. . . I had read some reviews about up-sells at the front desk when you check in, attempts to get you to pay for an upgrade to a better room. I also experienced one of these. But it was very tastefully done, not like a used car sales pitch at all. It went something like this.... . So being 11 am, I was told my "basic" room was not ready. But if I wanted to pay $40 for an upgrade to a nicer, much larger room which contained a balcony, why sir, your room would be ready right now. . . Okay come on. We both know there is a basic room ready right now as well. I place the odds at about 90%. But okay. You win. I know you won't give me the basic room so my choices are: (1) wait several hours for the basic room to be ready, check my luggage, tip them folks, then lock an item I'm carrying in the safety depositbox, fill out that paper work, then have to come back and get it later, etc. Or (2) Drop the $40 and be done with it. . . Since I wasn't paying for this room anyway, I chose option 2. But honestly, it's games like these I don't like.. . The room was immaculate (see a few photos I posted). Way more space than I needed and a very generous balcony in terms of square footage. You could actually stretch out there and even pace around if you wanted to (although you might look a bit strange pacing out there). It's private too. You can't see the other guests on their balconies. Very well placed. . . The bathroom is huge and the toilet area is sequestered off behind a door, which could be useful if you are not traveling alone like I was. Climate control in the room was perfect (I like it cold and could get it nice and frosty). . . Elevators are fast and kind of entertaining inside. Low lighting, digital ads, music, lights, etc. Hey if you have to ride in an elevator, it might as well be entertaining, right? . . Every staff member with whom I came into contact was friendly, helpful, and professional. Even though the place can be crowded, I never felt lost in that crowd. But to give you an idea of how happening this place is, I got up at 5:30 am on Monday (being on east coast time) and walked downstairs only to find the place was mobbed - mostly with the rave convention crowd which had not even gone to bed yet. . . Youth. It truly is wasted on the young. . . I silently thanked myself for being 41 and having gone to bed early the night before. I was refreshed and hung out at the Book and Stage area, which is very laid back. At night the B&S even has live music. . . I would not recommend Cosmo if you're traveling with kids. A party atmosphere permeates throughout and I don't recall seeing any kids or families during my entire stay. . . So all in all, I love the Cosmo. It can get packed and the restaurants are hit or miss. But I think everyone should stay here at least once to check it out.
With Vegas being perhaps the trendiest city, this is probably the hottest hotel right now.  I say right now, because who knows what the next place would be.  Had the city room on the 30th floor with a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.   The room is a bigger than your average hotel room.  The bathroom is nice and spacious and has all the modern amenities.  The thing that annoyed me about this place was you had to use your room key to get to a floor and didn't always work on the first try.  The hotel has the hottest club Marquee, nice restaurants, and a locals' gem, a pizza joint right next to Blue Ribbon on the third floor.  Service staff was good, thought it could be better, but the good thing is, didn't have to use them much.  Keep in mind, this place is a Marriott chain, so they will price match and take another 25% off of the bill.  Long as they're not losing money, I'm sure Marriott will keep that in effect.  It does take 24hrs Marriott to process the price match.
Both times I've been to Vegas, I stayed at The Cosmopolitan. It was the THING since it's the newest hotel on the Strip. I was in love with everything inside. The visuals in the hotel lobby, at the front entrance, in the elevator, etc just make it so modern. The casino is so classy-looking too. I think the shininess makes it so easy to be lured into the table games. And how could you resist a drink at the Chandelier Bar? It's so relaxing just to sit in those comfortable sofa chairs, sipping on a Hot Mule, looking up at the dazzling crystals. The Cosmopolitan lived up to its name.. . While the shopping isn't the most spectacular thing inside the Cosmopolitan, it has a very decent restaurant collection. Holstein's have the best burger for a good price. Kobe beef burgers, with a large side of shoe string fries, and a free house beer if you check into foursquare? It's amazing! The only regret I have was being too drunk too early to enjoy my burger 100%. I had to check with my boyfriend whether I was eating an amazing burger or I was just drunk. Don't worry, he reassured me that the burger was indeed delicious. Milos on the third floor has such great deal and view for lunch for $20.12. Jaleo was okay, perhaps I'm not too thrilled about Spanish cuisine. I can tell you that their paella isn't overly salted and the presentation of that lobster paella is amazing. However, not all of their dishes are worth the price, for they are a bit too bland or boring. Overall, the choices available at Cosmo's restaurant collection is enough to feed through a weekend trip.. . I've stayed in their Terrace Studio and their Terrace One Bedroom. First advice, do not stay here with just friends--especially friends you do not feel too close with. Their bathrooms are amazingly nice and roomy, but lacking in privacy. We had four girls sharing the bathroom in the Terrace Studio, where the window above the jacuzzi tub was just a hole in the wall, covered by a thing paper blind. If your friends are trolls, they can just lift up the blinds from the living room and see what you're doing. Unless you're doing your #1 or #2, they will be able to see you in the all glass shower or in the jacuzzi. My boyfriend quoted the bathroom in our Terrace One Bedroom as an orgy bathroom. You can see the shower from the bed, though there are blinds covering the shower windows. and there's the paper blinds covering the Japanese style sitting bathtub on the other side of the room. You can literally climb into the bathtub from the bedroom! So imagine how uncomfortable your friends will be if you guys were to share a room like those. . . Unfortunately, their noise cancelling windows don't work too well. My Terrace One Bedroom was located right in between Marquee and the pool. Day and night I can hear the music blasting through my closed balcony doors! As much as I love Marquee, I think it's bringing in a crowd I don't want to be around when I feel like a R&R moment.
Very pretty hotel/casino, nice to hang out here.
The suite was beautiful, but he jets in the spa turned on by themselves every night; waking us up.  Attention to detail is so important, for every guest, and I feel that some of this was lost during our recent trip. The bamboo pool is so much fun.  Some of the bikini clad waitresses are a bit "sassy," but working in the hot sun may cause some grumpiness.  This hotel caters to the young, hip crowd and does an excellent job of it.
The newest kid on the strip is still the sexiest!. . Yup, as soon as you walk into the lobby, you are invited in with the allure of large glass columns with ever changing themes. Chic mirrors and chandeliers dripping with crystals from the ceiling and everything around you just seems to sparkle with a sleek, sexy flare that is all Vegas. . . I checked in for the July 4th weekend and got up sold by a very aggressive front desk clerk that insisted on getting me into the penthouse.  I settled for a 910sq. ft. angle suite on the 58th floor with additional Japanese soaking tub, terrace with a view of the Bellagio fountains, kitchenette with fridge & microwave and an additional full sized bath with shower. Not too shabby.   . . The room I must say was very spacious, the view off the expansive terrace was breathtaking and i used the soaking tub practically every night after the clubs so it worked out great!. . My only complaint was with housekeeping.  There's a circular red paper note you're supposed to leave on the bed to have your linens changed, which i did but every night i came back to the room, my sheets were done but not changed! It was ridonkulous! Even the dirty pillow that had some sketchy black skid mark smeared on it (that i never used from day one) remained in my room til the last day i was there....nuts!. . Perhaps all the smoke and mirrors at the entrance lobby had me blinded by the hotel's sexy charm but with all due respect, my stay was very enjoyable and despite the minor flaws, I had a fantastic time... . . With that said, the hotel was conveniently located in the heart of the strip. It's steps away from the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood and Paris...and the Sahra Spa, brunch and pool were very enjoyable...and partying at the Marquee & Bond was priceless!. . . Happy Times!
We stayed here for my sister's bachlorette weekend in Vegas and left satisfied. We stayed in one of their two-story executive suites and it was beautiful! Our room had its own private entrance to the pool which was amazing. There were a few downfalls. For one when we first arrived with our group of 11 we had to go get our own bags because the wait was over an hour. When we did go down however one of the conceirge's saw how much stuff we had and helped us on the sly. We did get a few noise complaints from the neighbors next to us which was a little annoying considering we were in LAS VEGAS of all places but I guess it all depends on who you're roomed by. All in all I would stay here again... the lobby was beautiful and we we ate at two different restaurants in the building and were very satisfied. The Bamboo pool was great too and the location couldnt have been better. If you're looking for a fun, hip, upscale place definitely try it out.
Beautiful, spacious casino hotel.
The wrap around terrance suite is a 5! . The casino is a 3. The wicked spoon buffet is pretty good.
Got a great deal here and just got back from a 5 day trip. The guy who checked us in was awesome. We wound up with a Bellagio Fountain View room with a Terrace. Really nice room and amazing view. We also had brunch comped for 2 at the Wicked Spoon every morning. Free Sirius radio in the rooms controlled via a panel next to the bed. Lights and climate can also be controlled this way. The housekeeping was a little off, nothing was dirty but the first time they came the beds still looked like a disaster after they made them. Not a big deal though.. . Guests get into Marquee day club free and night club as well excluding Saturdays which is a nice perk. The hotel itself is beautiful, the pools are nice and the location is great. I wouldn't pay rack rate for a room here, but then again I wouldn't pay rack rate for a room anywhere in Las Vegas. . . I'll definitely be looking into The Cosmopolitan again when I'm booking my next Vegas trip.
The hotel is fairly new so the actual hotel room is rather nice and large. I think that the only problem we had with the room is that it did not have a coffee machine. Nice balcony. We were lucky when we checked in because the counter person told us to avoid the lower floor rooms because you could hear the nightclub. That would have been a bummer. The crowd is fairly young so if you are middle aged you might feel a little out of place. It is definately a party hotel with drunken people cavorting until dawn....LOLs...that is what you come to Vegas for, right? The breakfast buffet was really good. Better than Bellagios.
This place is beautiful, no argument there.  The energy is insane and it is always busy and loud. Check in was a pain---the first room they gave me WASNT CLEAN! What is up that? However the 2nd room they moved me into had a better view- of the Bellagio fountains so not too bad.  The Wicked Spoon buffet is wicked good. The technology in the room is insane---I will be back!
Beautiful modern hotel. Gorgeous well priced rooms
This hotel is great. Front desk is a lot of help. Concierge service is slow sometimes they don't even come. I asked for kitchen utensils and dishes 3 times during the day and they didn't even come, they didn't even give an notice or apology.. . The rooms are great but they have a small casino floor. I had a Terrace Suite in the West Tower with a fountain view, It was magnificent. Too bad it was on the 30th floor, I couldn't hear the music that the Bellagio fountain dances to. But it was still a great view.
Went here because the Wicked Spoon, loved the chandliers, the decor and the big pink shoe!  My son has told me he wants to visit the hotel again.
Love Love LOVE the parking garage. If you've never been then here's the skinny: each space has a light above it so you look for the green lights for open spaces, the entire floor counts the available spots and the number of open parking is displayed on a screen somewhere so you dont have to waste your time driving around each floor till you see a spot.. . As for the casino itself it's something i need to experience a few more times. Got lost on more then oneoccasion looking for the pool. . . Overall awesome place and it houses Secret Pizza
Loved this casino. Everything is so sleek about it, form the parking structure, to the bars, and casinos. Did not stay here, but enjoyed walking around and having an evening of cocktails and live music at the Chandelier Bar. Hopefully it ages gracefully.
Most amazing birthday/vegas trip ever.. . They upgraded us because they double booked our room, had a breath-taking view from the 50th floor. Love everything about this hotel including the restaurants, shops, location, and Marquee.. . I took one star off because you have to pay $20/day to use the gym which is kind of whack but who works out in Vegas anyways? (I did it just so I could say I worked out in Vegas lol). . Love the staff, room service, extremely hip and clean. Can't wait to go back :)
Cool,very chic and modern place. I love all the amenities. Service is great. Only thing I have a problem with is you have to pay $20 to use the gym for one day. I don't need to workout that bad. O yea great breakfast well worth the $25+ it costs. If your a platinum member it's free.
Three words for ya. No, not those dreaded 3 words but these 3 words: WRAP AROUND SUITE.. . OTHER 3 WORDS ASSOCIATED WITH VEGAS THAT INCLUDE THE WORD "WRAP":. . 1.  WRAP IT UP . 2. THAT'S A WRAP. 3. CHICKEN WRAP PLEASE?. . Where was I going with this??. . Anyway back to the Wrap around Suite... . That suite was the bizznazz. It was definitely some playa pimp type stuff right there! I'm  surprised that some rooms actually have a balcony to go out on. We didn't just have a normal balcony either. Not just one sliding door to go out to a little area. We had a whole wrap around!! Excited much about the balcony?!? uhh yea!! . https://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/6Of1k0BknUlvndrTfuwvMA/l.jpg. . . The balcony was so awesome that I even took the roll away bed outside and slept there!!.  https://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/OyriF7bgiUX5jREANubSFQ/l.jpg. . Now that's what you get for waking up in Vegas! /cue Katy Perry. . But really, every morning I would wake up to the city. The sun. The MUSIC!! I think that had to be the first time ever fist pumping as I woke up!. . Did I mention our balcony looked right over the Marquee Club and Pool area!??. SCORE!!. . https://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/aLQAmFBVpikvbu6P8BHOEQ/l.jpg. . That meant a birds eye view of the pool, the ladies, the bikinis, the ladies, the pool and more bikinis!! Oh and the DJ and his music. . . Ok enough  about the balcony. That was a highlight of the room though.. . Other great features of the suite:. . WASHER & DRYER: Did we use the washer? Nope. But we did use the dryer to dry my wet draws! Oh and to get wrinkles out of my shirt when I was to lazy to iron!. . FULL KITCHEN: This definitely came in handy. We saved a lot of money by actually using the kitchen. We made breakfast every morning. It was like our own bachelor pad for this trip.. . LIVING ROOM AREA:We did a lot in this area: Drank. Danced. Did push ups. drank some more. Flexed. and more push ups.. . I had to take away one star because we couldn't hook up the karaoke to the TV. Yes, we take our Magic Mic to Vegas. (not to be confused with Magic Mike) it's a lot of fun when you are drunk and try to sing.. . The main bedroom had a king bed. A bath tub. A shower. An exit right to the wrap around balcony.  Nothing fancy.. .  The hotel also has one of the more popular clubs here: MARQUEE. We went to the pool party here. Kascade was spinning great music, drinks were flowing, and everyone was acting a fool in the pool! I believe other things were flowing in the pool too! . . The casino portion of the hotel was ok. Seemed small. They had some pretty loose slots though. (yes, I said loose slots not  loose sluts, but I'm sure you can find the other roaming the streets!!) I like  to play the Wheel of Fortune Slots. I won a couple hundred the first day I got in!! Yeaaa buddy.. . Overall I would definitely stay here again. Wrap arounds are fun. So are the wrap around balconies! teehee
Firs trip to Vegas and I'm already a fan of The Cosmo. There aren't enough words I could use to express the awesome experience we had there. The restaurants are phenomenal, the rooms are amazing, and the service/staff are great! The Marquee day and night club is definitely a must for anyone in Vegas; while the BLVD pool is also a definite can't-be-missed of the hotel. Trust me on this, if you're going to Vegas, stay here, you won't regret it. I will be reviewing the places to eat separately, but know some of the best are here. Also, make sure to sign up for an identity card, which let's the hotel track your spending and will eventually lead to comps and such. . . Simply put; will I return? Yes.
The Cosmo and I have a love/hate relationship!. . I hate their parking entrance.  It's always congested.  Even if you cab it, it takes FOREVER because there is only one lane.  The parking can be a maze but I go there so often, I'm use to it.  They have those fancy lights that light up green if a parking space is available, red if occupied.  Be careful though because they aren't always accurate.  Be careful of bad drivers, I've had many near-death experiences because of people speeding the narrow parking lot or making sharp turns.  There's usually plenty of parking on the lower levels B4 and B5.. . I love the decor.  Very modern and lots of shiny stuff.  . . Many restaurants to choose from: Secret Pizza, Holsteins, STK, Jaleo, Wicked Spoon and many others.... . If you're a local, check out the Boulevard Pool on Mondays for Dive-in Movie for FREE!!! YAY!!!. . I've stayed at the Cosmo several times...I like the rooms...very chic but there's always something random...a book or some piece or art that has no intrinsic value...Some of the rooms have an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip!!!. . Marquee Dayclub/Nightclub - another thin line....love it because I have great memories there and great DJs....hate it because of the infinite amount of stairs and the small dance floors.. . If you've never been, you should definitely visit the Cosmo!!! Lots of Kodak opportunities.....     v*O*v
Came here with the girlfriend on a business trip of hers. Room was paid for by company. We got the terrace bedroom. We literally thought it was a suite and it was huge with everything high tech great view with see through hot tub and shower made it a great couples room and living area was spacious with big couch. Service wise throughout hotel was great everybody was friendly gaming was ok not too many options as far as games and slots go
Beautiful, modern hotel. We were here all throughout our stay in Vegas, for dinner, concerts, and partying. The central chandeliers are lovely and the crystal light fixtures throughout the building are pretty spectacular.
i think the tub in our wraparound terrace suite was leaking.. . but other than that, i liked this place a LOT! the couch was comfy (i slept on it), the staff courteous, the secret pizza place BOMB as always, the terrace (AND THE VIEW) amazing! our unit had a washer/dryer, and full kitchen, complete with space in the fridge for our waters and a dishwasher! the 2nd bathroom smelled like smoke, but cosmo is not to be blamed for that, just the inconsiderate nincompoop that stayed there before us. the pool was perfect for our three babies, and i loved the icy wet towels they dispensed. the misters that sprayed out onto the sun bathers were nice too. . . for those of you with babies: they have a baby kit complete with baby shampoo and diaper rash cream and stuffs. quite lovely. . . i even played at the blackjack tables downstairs and came up! UNHEARD OF! YAY FOR HAPPY VEGAS EXPERIENCES!
One of my funny goals in life other than trying out all the buffets anywhere available.... is to hit up all the hotels in the Las Vegas area...  Now with my new project of connecting major brand hotels with local restaurants in the works and seeing how awesome the hotel industry can be.... I've decided to write many future reviews on my experiences with all the hotels I've patroned in the past in LV.... I will call it, the Henry Hotel Collection...... So without further adieu, I'd like to introduce my first Las Vegas Hotel.... The Cosmopolitan!. . My reviews on the hotel series will be consist of the following 5 areas..... 1)  Location. 2)  Decor and Room Styles. 3)  Service and general Staff interaction. 4)  Environment of crowd. 5)  Price. . -Location:  . Situated in the heart of the new Las Vegas South lies the beautifully created Cosmopolitan...  Squeezed in between the famed Ballagio and the newly hip City Center Cosmopolitan is primely located where all the new hot actions are all at!  Easy access to PH, Paris, Bellagio, Caesars, Aria, etc. makes this hotel a very desireable lodging decision.. . -Decor and Room Style:  . Opulent + Hip & Stylish is what I would call the Cosmopolitan...  With giant crystal chandliers hanging in the middle of the hotel travelling all the way up at least 3 floors brings the opulence of the hotel while all the trendy stitched faux leather (or maybe real?) covering the walls truly brings the excitement out of this casino...  At the check in you will find ever changing columns where you will see anything from flowers, patterns, to michaelangelo famed paintings constantly rotating... just wait till you see the bookshelf image... pretty cool!  . The rooms are absolutely beautiful with a large bathroom, 2 sinks, whirlpool tub, standing shower, separated toilet away from the shower area, and the peek-a-boo divider curtain makes the rooms super cool!  Rooms can be operated via central control located on the phones in the room and there are 2 - 40" LCD TVs with a microwave for your enjoyment...  Be sure to try to get the terrace suite... you have an awesome balcony where you can lounge in a day chair/ ottoman and take in the awesome view of Vegas!  (Get the higher floors if you can). . -Service and Staff interaction:  . Check ins can be a bit slow, but overall the staff at the Cosmo is wonderful and accomodating.... . -Environment of Crowd:  . Young, hip, wannabe rich, obnoxious, rude young douchebags....  This is what really turned me off at the Cosmo... yes... there are many people like this in Vegas... generally at the clubs when they are drunk.... however, it seems that all of them no matter if they were drunk or not, all congregated at the Cosmo.... too many rude and in appropriate comments made to the beautiful ladies at the hotel is super annoying... guys... keep your mouth shut and maybe you will look better in front of these girls that you are trying to pick up....... . -Price:  . Uber expensive!   Upcoming weekend at the Cosmo has the rooms going for $600!!!  Really?  That's like 7 rooms at Imperial Palace!!!  Little too much for my blood but I was fortunate enough to enjoy the wonderful rooms via comp.....  But again.. the location, the new hip place to be making Cosmo one of the high end expensive Las Vegas Hotels..... . Would I return... yes for the rooms and the hotel, no for the scene there via douchebags.... . More exciting reviews for the Henry's Hotel Collection coming soon.....
Having stayed here for my 'mini moon' it was a difficult decision between 4 & 5 stars. Neil, my husband ya, & I stayed at the Cosmo in the terrace suite, 900 sq ft! OMG... OMFG! It was amazing. . Here's the breakdown.... Suite/Room: I give it 4 stars for the Terrace Suite. I loved the fact it had 2 full bathrooms & a full kitchen. The large refrigerator also was a plus for the family parties we had in the evenings. We were able to store our drinks we purchased & the extra snacks in the fridge which was a blessing. The bed was HUGE! We had a CAL King... but for being less than 5' I had plenty of room to roll around & not hit my hubby. I thought it was a tad too soft but hubby loved it.. Concierge/Room Service: Was fantastic. We needed a wine opener and we got it w/in 10 min. which I thought was good timing.
We did not experience the poor customer service that other reviews mention. Check in was a breeze at 4:00pm on a Friday! I was preparing myself for the worst and was pleasantly surprised.. . We adjusted a few things in the mini fridge to store our food and had no problem having the charges removed. Just called the front desk. . . The only downside of this trip was the lousy hot water in the shower. I know it's 100+ degrees outside, but I still need a hot shower! Didn't think to call and ask for an adjustment of the temperature. .  . The spa was incredible! I had the salt scrub and rose bath followed with an oil application. Amazing! . . Hotel is as beautiful as everyone else described. Do not let the glamor intimidate you, just enjoy it! I will return and hope to upgrade to a suite next time.
W/ Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon (even though I did not get to eat there), and a day club... I am sure there are more to this hotel. All I know is that the next time I am here, I want to stay here!!
Best hotel in Vegas.. . Only downside, if your a guy you'll have problems getting in to Marquee (their club) they won't even comp or let you jump the line if your a hotel guest. (even if you arrive super early)
I really enjoyed going to the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is modern with very nice decor. The building structure is pretty cool. The Cosmopolitan has some nice restaurants and the gambling area is clean. The atmosphere at the Cosmopolitan was amazing. I went to the Cosmopolitan every day I was in Las Vegas. The EA Sports Bar in the Cosmopolitan kept me up on my sports while I was in town. The main attraction in my opinion was the giant high heel shoe. The size of the shoe was unreal. That's the biggest shoe statue I've ever seen in my life. A lot of eye candy (ladies) was taking pictures with the shoe. You can tell the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is one of the newest hotels/casino in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed everything about the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. This is definitely a good place to be in Las Vegas. Next time I'm in Las Vegas, I will stay at this hotel.
My friends and I stayed at the Terrace Suite at Cosmopolitan and it was amazing! It's so spacious and modern, and super comfy. The mattress was oh my goodness comfy and amazing, and so are the couches. I couldn't stop going outside the balcony and chill on the chair outside too. The warm air and Bellagio fountain shows made it super relaxing. Oh, it's super cool you can control lightings from the room phone. . . Marquee and restaurants are just an elevator away, so convenient! Also, staffs and bouncers here are nice! I tried couple of those restaurants, and they are all delicious! Even the pizza from Secret Pizza was amazing. Vdara and Aria are also a couple minutes walk away. Would definitely love to stay here again.
This place is Amazing.  We went here for a bachelorette party and (of course) got the royal treatment the entire time.  Employees were so friendly and gracious.  The restaurants here are meh but I'm just partial to Bouchon in the Venetian :) . . I love that this hotel does not have a theme.  Just super chic with great art.  I wish we could have gone to the Chandelier bar but we were "busy" napping and laying by the pool.. . Our room was gorgeous, had a view of the fountains, Paris balloon and Eiffel tower.  And they were able to accommodate us by giving us 2 adjoining rooms.  Only downsides were value for money (but probably good bc it may be deterring the trashiest) and the fact that we were in a wheelchair accessible room with no lip on the shower which made for some flooding.  Nothing that couldn't be fixed with a few towels.. . The BLVD pool is amazing too.  Would LOVE to see a show here.
ZOMG.  This hotel is so swanky it makes me vomit diamonds.  The Chandelier was an awesome place to have after work drinks.
My company held a three day event here, so I got to experience this place inside and out!. . Rooms. - Amazing! You can see straight through the shower and bathtub from the bedroom with just a piece of glass in between the areas. The bathtub is on the left side, then your flat screen TV on a regular wall in the middle, then the shower on the right side. There are shades for the bath and shower on the bedroom side if you want privacy, but if you don't trust your roommates, I wouldn't recommend this hotel because anyone could pull up the shades on you. :) Otherwise, it's absolutely amazing!. - All of the rooms look like suites. They all have a huge living room, wet bar, and it's like a condo.. - The bathtub was HUGE! It was as big and deep as a hot tub with a couple of seats in it. Perfect for soaking and relaxing. The shower could fit half a dozen people in it too- huge! . - Modern and classy. - White feather down bed- so comfortable!. - Large outdoor balcony with cushion wicker patio furniture to hang out. . Casino. - Lots of machines and tables- was fun to play!. . Bars. - The chandelier bar is literally inside of a huge chandelier than spans three stories in the hotel. It's gorgeous and a must-try!. - There are a few bars on the first floor that are fun to hang out at as well!. . Food. - This is by far the best hotel food I've ever had, and I travel a lot for work!. . Club. - The Cosmo has the best and hottest nightclub in Vegas right now, the Marquee Club. It opens at 9:30pm, and you better be in line then or you'll wait forever to get (if you even get in!). I heard the entry fee is $50, but we got right in since our company spent so much money with the hotel. CeeLo Green was there the night I went. It has several dance rooms and spans outside by the amazing pool, cabana, and hot tubs areas. It's huge and a blast. There is a techno room and a hip hop room- you can't go wrong! . . People. - The only thing I didn't like about this place was the people. This is definitely THE party hotel, so everyone is super skinny, wears little clothing, and you feel like you're filming for MTV Spring Break 24/7. It's a fast paced, nonstop, packed hotel, so it can get overwhelming after awhile. We had to wait 45 minutes to check-in on a Thursday morning, it was that packed! I couldn't walk through the casino without a drunk guy approaching me on multiple occasions. I stayed at the Palazzo the last night, and it was much classier and relaxed regarding the people.. . Would I go back? Yes! Everything about this hotel is super modern and beautiful. This is the place to be in Vegas, just ask around!
My family and I stayed here in August and I have to say, I really liked the hotel.. . There were a few glitches when we first got there, for example we booked a room with two queen sized beds and somehow we were going to be given a room with one king sized bed and a pull-out.  We weren't too thrilled, so we told the manager and they were happy to upgrade us to a suite with a view of the Bellagio fountains!  Not bad!  Not to mention, it had a balcony as well!  The bathroom alone was huge.  It had a large counter area and actually a SEPARATE shower room connected.  You open the glass door to the super huge shower, and there is also a Japanese soaking tub next to it with a window so you can overlook the strip while you enjoy a bath.  Not bad!. . There was a kitchenette area out in the "living room" area complete with a stove, fridge, dishwasher, and a mircrowave.  The beds were comfortable and the TV was great too.  Plenty of space for at least 4 people to move about in this room.. . The hotel itself is laid out a little strange and takes some getting used to.  Certain things are on certain sides of the hotel, but it's not too hard to figure out.  There are plenty of bars and restaurants (The Henry is really good for breakfast!) and there's also a nightclub inside too.  . . I like that this hotel is located next to some of the newer hotels (Aria, for example) as well as Crystal's.  I would stay here again if I was given the opportunity since it's a more modern hotel than some of the others.
Let's be clear, I am here for a work conference and the company picked the hotel and pain for the room.  This is a pretty nice hotel.  The bedding is fantastic.  I have been sleeping really well here.  The bathrobe is excellent, I want to bring it home but alas they charge you $125 for it.  So it shall remain in Vegas.. . The casino itself is much less smoky than most of the others on the strip and this girl MUCH appreciates it.  Right across the street from the Miracle Mile, it is about as convenient as it gets.  . . If you like burgers, make a stop at Holsteins which is also in the hotel - I am reviewing this one separately.  For pizza lovers, check out Secret Pizza.  It has no sign but staff can direct you to it if you don't find it on your own.  . . One important tip -- if you hear a mysterious intermittent beeping in your room, it is likely the secondary phone that is cordless and sits on a charger.  Mine would not sit stable in the cradle and so never charged.  Took me a while to figure out what it was and it drove me crazy for a couple hours.  I dealt with it by taking it apart and removing the battery.  My next step was going to be to smash it to pieces.  . . Also, my room did not have a coffee/tea station and I have to say I really missed this feature.  Bring your Starbucks Via and a mug if you find this lack of caffeine unacceptable.  Otherwise a coffee via room service is $6.. . The staff was really helpful and friendly and I am really torn between giving it a 3 stars vs 4.
Vegas baby! Our first visit to the strip and we were going in style with a 4 day stay at the newest hotel (attached to the Marquee, the hottest club in town based on my research and word of mouth). . . Upon arrival my wife and I were amazed by the inside of the hotel lobby, pillars of screens that entertained with great visuals as we waited...and waited...and waited. Granted it was labour day weekend, but we were in line for over 30 minutes. There was a girl passing out bottled water to ease the situation but I felt their check-in process was extremely slow (the visuals become less entertaining when you're there long enough to see 2 or 3 cycles of the same thing). . . Finally at our turn to check in we were advised that the room was not ready but "we can upgrade you to a balcony room for only an extra $100", I found this odd as we booked through a third party website and upon my many phone calls to the hotel for planning they told me they could not perform any kind of changes to the booking (I guess that rule doesn't apply if you pay extra).  We declined the offer but our clerk was very persistant and actually referred to our current choice as "not a very nice room" and started bargaining "ok 80 dollars per night, alright 40 dollars is the best I can do". The situation felt really odd  and we insisted to stay with our original choice, after that he wasn't very helpful at all and seemed to rush us out (which made sense as he left the desk and probably went on his break). Immediately we went to guest relations, waited another 10 minutes for a manager and explained the poor service. The manager was great, he apologized, asked the employees name, listened to every word we had to say and then to solve the issue offered us the upgraded room for free. The room was very nice, had an ok view and we were happy that we could finally settle in and enjoy our vacation. . . That night we discovered the TV by the bed and phone didn't work and the tub had an issue with the drain. Also, using the elevator required waiting up to 15 to 20 minutes so we once tried the stairwell...15 floors down with my wife in heels, this was our only choice other than wait the night away for the elevator or stay in our room for the night. Oh, I forgot to mention that the stairwell was filthy with GARBAGE! We actually ran into a staff member with whom we tried to explain the issue to but they just murmured "oh dear" and walked off. A great moment, I think I actually enjoyed sitting on the plane to Vegas for 2 hours more so.. . That night around 10pm, I called the front desk and asked to change rooms but the manager on site said she couldn't do anything until the next morning, she was not even able to request someone to call me when possible which I felt was ridiculous. Eventually she had found a loop hole in their policy and she was able to have someone call me in "regards to a rebooking" the next morning. . . So, finally the next day after receiving a phone call and waiting another 30 minutes, two managers arrived, upgraded us to a room with probably the best view in the hotel  (over looking the Bellagio Fountains that we could watch all day). I quickly checked every electronic device, light fixture and toilet before the managers left as I didn't want to play this game any longer. Everything worked, I was very please but shouldn't everything work in all the rooms anyway?  I got to thinking that the first "free" upgrade to smooth over the front desk clerk issue earlier was to the room with the most problems which explained why it was ready for us so quickly, we got the lemon that no one else would take. They made sure we were happy before leaving by gifting us a $100 gift card that could be used in the hotel and insuring we could get into the Marquee Club as VIP with no waiting in line. Nice gestures but the issues we had pretty much messed up two days of our 4 day visit.. . The hotel itself is very nice, attracts a younger crowd (too many things to see that will get us married folk in trouble) and has a great location. I have a review up for the buffet "The Wicked Spoon" if you are interested (under my profile). . . I'm hoping all of the trouble was just due to the place being over booked but the service was really up and down for the most part. I would come back again but preferably during the slower season. . . TIPs:. . -Sign up for the Identity membership and you will get a $5 credit per member to use on the slots (my wife won 40 bucks!). . -Buy the 24 hour transit pass for $7 it is worth it and there is a stop just outside the hotel where you can get the passes.. . -TicketsTonight Stands don't always give the best deal, do your research if you want to save
As is the way in Vegas, a new hot spot pops up and the old ones die off.. . Well this is currently the "IT" place to be.  The Marques night/day club offers 24 hour partying and dancing.  But hey, I come to Vegas for the gaming.. . My name is Nancy and I'm a Gambler.  No I don't have a problem.. . The casino is huge, in true Vegas fashion.  It seems geared at drawing in the 20 something party girls, which naturally draw in men of all ages.  I was impressed at how beautifully the place was decorated.  It reminded me of Mad Men, but not so dated.  They have a giant shoe on the floor, where you will find girls in little outfits taking pictures.  One day, I'm going to have to fortune of watching one of those inebriated girls fall out of the shoe, and I will laugh.  (No, I'm not a hater, I just enjoy a good laugh, and this is one waiting to happen.). . I've never seen their rooms, as I can't afford the prices, or I'm just too cheap when there are plenty of great places to stay nearby at great rates.  Seeing as how I'm not the type that needs to be with the "IT" group, it's all good.. . If only they had a poker room, but I'm not holding my breath.  They have a business model and it is working.  They have plenty of table games, and well, as I said, I'm good with table games too.  Besides, when it's poker I want, I can run next door to the Aria.
Stayed at the Cosmo few months back with some friends, the rooms were great, staff was great. I have been to Vegas a hand full of times and liked this casino better than most. I felt like it was definantly one of the more happening places. . . I would definantly stay there again if in Vegas.
Went to the Chandalier bar it was really nice but way to crowded.
Recommend. Great food choices, rooms are great & stylishly decorated, day club at the pool is awesome.
Great hotel, mostly friendly staff (some of the bartenders can be kind of douchy), and amazing rooms. I had a terrace room with a view of the strip. I love te balcony (hopefully people can be respectful and not ruin the balconies for the rest of us by being stupid.) . . Everything is very pricey at the hotel but I personally think it's worth it. If it seems to expensive for you, I would suggest spending just one here and go somewhere later. My new hotel in Vegas!
Beautiful hotel right on the strip, but I think I've been spoiled with the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino.  All of the super swanky hotels just don't appeal to me as much and I feel out of place.  I've not stayed, but from the outside it looks gorgeous.
This hotel is sooooo beautiful!!!!! One of the best looking hotels in Vegas. I've never actually stayed here but on our last trip to Vegas we came here a lot. We came here to eat Holstein and Wicked Spoon both really good places to eat. This hotel also had some really cute shops for clothing. The Chandelier bar looks so pretty. We hung out at the chandelier bar a few times. The drinks are a little pricey but the environment makes it worth it. We went to the club Marquee in this hotel. Marquee is absolutely beautiful. Overall this hotel is pretty awesome. Maybe if I get a fat raise I'll be able to stay here but for now I will be visiting.  ;)
Beautiful, beautiful hotel!  It's very ME.  I love sparkly and this hotel is everything sparkly.  Mirrors and crystals everywhere.  Love Restaurant row.  Love the Chandelier bar.  Love the Retro design throughout.  . . The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the shopping area.  The look was cool, but none of the shops were places I would buy anything from.  . . I don't know what the rooms look like, but the look of the hotel, I'm in LOVE!
One of the newer and nicer hotels in Las Vegas that goes up against the Wynn and the Venetian. The central location on the strip adds to its value as well as some of the major draws (restaurants, bars and clubs). If you can get a room on the west side tower that over looks the strip and the Bellagio water show, you are in for a treat - get upgraded to a wrap around suite will be even better. Since the Cosmo was supposed to be residencies, the larger suites have a full kitchen and even some have washer/dryer. The views can be spectacular if you are in the west tower. . . The variety of dining options in the hotel are very good - including STK steakhouse, Jaleo (spanish Tapas), Scarpetta (italian) and of course Secret Pizza (for those late night hunger pains). And of course you can grab a drink the massive Chandelier Bar where it is definitely a place to be seen. This is before you go into the Marquee Day or Night Club which always offers up a generous portion of eye candy.. . So in all, the Cosmopolitan is a hip and trendy hotel that you will definitely want to stay at on your next trip to Las Vegas.
Without giving too much away, I stayed at the wraparound terrace suite (second best room according to their website.) . . I had a pleasant experience, but with any hotel I don't think I can ever give a perfect 5 without getting the best possible experience. Sorry, my standards are high, especially when people pay an arm and a leg to stay at this place. Having said that, let me continue:. . Valet parking went smooth. Check-in took a little long. After that, we grabbed our room keys put them in the elevator card thing and were taken up to our floor. We ran down that hallway in anticipation...put the key in the door lock...and were in AWE.. . Okay, I'll spare you the details of the room. ;) Just know we had an amazing view, three sliding doors to the terrace, a kitchen, an amazingly comfortable bed, shower, etc. . . Anyways, there were some technical difficulties with the room right upon our arrival and they apologized. One of the phones wasn't working, our TV went berserk, and some lights were acting cray. . But seriously we had no light in our bathroom for about an hour. That's unacceptable. And they didn't go off once, but TWICE. WTF? I need to take a crap or shower and it's pitch black! They apologized, but that was it. Okay, thanks Cosmopolitan staff! . . Other than that and everything being obscenely expensive in our room and the places at the hotel I enjoyed my stay. . . It's a beautiful hotel, filled with very beautiful people. I'm not kidding when I say I saw the best looking people at our hotel. Not to mention at Club Marquee, which I will review as well. . . In retrospect, would I stay there again? Sure. But I'd probably want to try a different hotel and just head on over to Club Marquee. I decided this after being told on Saturday night that club entrance was still charged. That's a fuggin joke, especially with the amount that was paid for our room. Oh well. OH! And before I forget. WIFI is NOT free, even if you are staying in one of the best suites at the hotel! LOL. We are in the year 2012 where smartphones, iPads, and laptops go with us everywhere. Ridiculous
A really cool hotel with a ton of radical artworks inside of it. You just kind of have to explore and get lost on the 2nd and 3rd floors to find it all. But once you do, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
The Cosmopolitan was the first hotel we stopped at during our trip to Vegas. I think I felt the most comfortable there because it looks like a high rise building and that's just the Manhattan part of me. I felt right at home with the tall ceilings and there was a Marquee up in there! . . We played a few games of video poker and was greeted by a very polite waitress offering us drinks. I think I was most impressed with the chandelier bar area and its beauty. I wold definitely love to stay here on my next trip to Vegas!
A fansy hotel!  I have always enjoyed coming here for a drink or a night of dancing!  now I can come here for a little ice skating!!!  We recently had an event here and ice skating was the thing to do!  I had such a great time!!!  My favorite bar here is the Chandelier bar......Hard to find a place to sit, but once you do, its a good time.
The most classy and modern casino on the strip, bar none. The Bond Bar is worth the price of admission alone, but thankfully there's no cover charge. No expense was spared in the building of this resort, and it shows throughout. We ended up staying at another hotel, but the restaurants, casino area and lounges are all top-notch when it comes to presentation and staffing.. . I did have to knock it down one star for slow service in one of the bars, but that wasn't the girl's fault, as the place was short-handed on a Friday night. Other than that, the Cosmo is certainly one of the must-see places if you're in Vegas over a weekend.
This is a great new hotel to stay at.  Very nice rooms, clean and elegant ambiance, great restaurant choices and centrally located.  Would definitely stay here again.
Okay here's THE SCOOP on The Cosmo:. . * Conveniently located in the middle of the Vegas strip.. . * Hands down, the leading modern/contemporary Hotel/ Casino of its caliber in Vegas.. . Polished steel accents, shreds of light and glass move above you as you walk in.. . Elements of sexy appear from the first step in through the lobby and follow into the casino floors. Fascinating design from furniture, art pieces, and installations run consistently through The Cosmo create a modern-contemporary feel. Similar to what would be seen in a GQ magazine spread.. . AVANT-GARDE - ALLURING - STATE OF THE ART. . * When it comes to young and hip ambiance I'd say Encore comes close, but The Cosmo is far more ahead in position. . . Exceptionally nice and helpful dealers on the casino floors were a plus :) . . * Club Marquee (the largest club I've ever been to) and shops on the second floor. . . Cool, upbeat and fun people usually hang here. (especially around the weekend & monday nights.) . . All in all, The Cosmo left a sharp and tasteful impression with me.. . _S
Kinda close to perfect: the most comfortable beds in Las Vegas, great pillows (and if they aren't just right, you can call the pillow concierge). Two TVs, loads of outlets, plenty of lamps that actually light your room (other hotels, please take note!) Big, clean well equipped bathroom. Excellent blackout curtains, very quiet, very clean, not perfumy.. . So why not 5 stars? Super slow check in. No coffeemaker in the room, for one. Getting dressed and going out before coffee is a drag. Also, the room was oddly not level, which is unnerving on the 18th floor. Minibar instead of a fridge, dishwasher but no dishes. And, really, not the best price on The Strip for a luxury room. That may change when they're not the hottest place to stay.
I really like this hotel, as many others have said it is a beautiful property.. . I will focus this review on my only complaint which is the lack of Marriott Rewards Elite recognition by the property.  I booked this property via Marriott and expected typical Elite treatment: Room Upgrade, Exec Lounge, Free Breakfast, etc...  The Cosmopolitan offers none of these amenities to Marriott elite members.  The only real benefit to staying here is receiving Marriott Points.. . I do like this property but the typical "Marriott Loyalty" does not pull me to this property.  For someone that stays 75+ nights per year in Marriott properties, a big reason to continue staying at Marriott properties is the upgrades and perks.  I received none here so the next time that I am in Vegas I will likely stay somewhere else.
There is so much that I could write about this place, many things done right, many things done wrong, but let's leave it at I love the atmosphere in there, I am far from being part of the "beautiful people" crowd, but I still feel like I fit in...Old jeans and a T-Shirt.... . The only downside is, in the last few weeks I have noticed that as the night goes on, the place isn't being kept clean, go to the mens room and it looks like a bomb has gone off, nobody cleaning it, nobody emptying the trash cans.. . Budget cuts ? bad management ? who knows but it needs to be fixed.
We had fun here. Granted there are douchebag guys and lots of hotgirls in tight dresses but it can be kind of fun to watch the interactions. The rooms are beautiful and some have spectacular views. The furnitures are very trendy and the bathrooms are gorgeous. Many of the rooms come with kitchenettes and some have washer/dryers! They are pet friendly. The only downside is that the casino tables run high minimum bets at night. Also the restaurants are expensive for dinner. Location is excellent right in the center of the Strip,reasonable walking distance e.g. less than 15-20 minutes from pretty much either end.
I stayed here with my better half and I must say, Cosmopolitan is definitely a trendy and beautiful place.. . With balconies facing The Strip and the Bellagio fountains, hosting a club as grandeur as Marquee, fancy blue lights on the side of their hotels that just scream "LOOK AT ME!," and all the cool little touches in every room, what's not to love?  They even have jetted Japanese bath tubs and a nice relaxing shower if it's not your cup of tea.  Even the lobby looks cool with their square columns of ever-changing mini-movies and artsy displays.. . While Cosmo is definitely modern and swanky, the staff here isn't as friendly as some of the other places.  I think the fact that they work in the coolest and newest hotel on The Strip has gotten to their head.  Pretentious much?  Cosmopolitan appeals to the younger crowds with their trendy glamorous ambiance.  Girls in short skits and stripper heels and guys looking douchey, this is what Vegas is stereotyped for, babes!. . Stay for the gorgeous rooms and go to the Chandelier Bar at least once.  It's all contemporary, glitz, and glam at The Cosmo!
The Setting:  Stayed by myself for one night (Thursday) before the rest of the group arrived.  Pricepaid $159 + $25 resort fee (covers internet charge and access to gym, does NOT cover access to spa amenities).. . The ROOM:  5 Stars. Well, let's just say it beat my expectations.  Most rooms in Vegas nowadays are pretty fancy and competition leads to some pretty decent prices, especially the lull time in early January pre-CES, but this was truly amazing at the price point.  I had about 400 sq ft with an open bathroom (set up similar to the Executive King rooms at the St. Regis SF with the bathtub open in the middle with pull-down privacy screen to the rest of the room), full wrap-around couch, office desk,  kitchen area with microwave, and comfortable king-size bed.  Everything is technology enabled, with full control of everything in room via your tv and remote....impressive!. . The hotel Vibe:  4 Stars. So, this is definitely the "it" hotel in Vegas right now.  It is crowded, has many high-end restaurants (STK and E, good luck getting a res at E), and Marquee nightclub.  It is centrally located, which is great for reducing the time and cost of cab rides to other hotels on the strip, and Aria/Bellagio/MGM/Mandarin Oriental/Paris are all walk-able.  Unfortunately, there is still a bit of an "Ed Hardy" vibe going here with some of the crowd, which I thought had been consigned over to the Hard Rock, but not fully yet.  But if you avoid the casino, you'll avoid that.... . The Service:  4 Stars. Being there for only one night, I didn't get a chance to make any obscure requests, but they delivered a WSJ to me in the morning and let me check out in the Platinum line to avoid the long check-in lines (I have no status with Cosmo).. NOTE:  If you have Marriott points, you may redeem them for Cosmo rooms, but you can't earn Marriott points by staying at Cosmo.. . The Amenities:  4 Stars. I did not have room service, the internet was plenty speedy (make sure to say upfront that you'd like the resort fee if you plan to use both the internet and the gym, which will save you $10), the gym was pretty decent (had a boxing ring for those inclined...), and the toiletries in the bathroom are good.. . Bottom Line:  If you are staying by yourself, the rooms are a huge value!  If you plan on going out here or nearby, the location is great.  If you are here for gambling primarily, I wouldn't recommend (stay at Encore).
Original price is a little much, but luckily I got a good deal on the City Room and then got upgraded to the Terrance One-Bedroom.. . The Terrance has a queen pull-out couch and also a king bed which faces the bathtub and shower for some added fun. A wonderful balcony is included with a gorgeous view of the city (we were on the 47th floor). There is a microwave but no fridge, just a minibar. In the weight-sensored snack area, you can find binoculars... I find this humorous because from our balcony you can see into the rooms of Aria.. . Service was excellent and you can save a lot of walking by staying in the same hotel as Wicked Spoon and Marquee.
Recently stayed at this hotel for the first time. A must while you're here stop in at the wine tasting bar. At happy hour you can buy a $20 card for $10. It doesn't expire so you can use it over the course of your stay. The Wicked Spoon buffet was excellent. Not your typical buffet. We enjoyed both breakfast and dinner. The only thing is that they only serve dinner until 9pm. A little strange for Vegas. There are so many restaurants to choose from on htis property. Do not expect any peace and quiet at this hotel. There is music playing all over and several night club areas. Definitely for the young. Perfect location at the center of the strip. Wonderful views.
I absolutely loved the room I stayed in. The Terrace Suite is beautiful. Most comfortable bed I've slept on. The view is lovely.. The reasons behind the 4 stars instead of the full 5: I feel like the bar areas are much more accommodating to older people. It makes sense, that's where most of the money is, I guess. But I'm a paying customer, too!. Asking my friends to give up seats for an impatient mid-life crisis crowd was just tacky.. Also during check-in I felt like the concierge was questioning whether I was breaking the law a little much. I was there for my 21st birthday/New Year's and I put the room on my card, my friend signed since I technically wasn't 21 for a few more hours. Maybe it was his Arizona residence and my California residence that confused her. By her tone and word choice, I felt like she thought I picked him up from the street so that he could sign for my room.. That was all while waiting for our room to be ready. We arrived New Year's Eve and it was ready by 3:30pm. After that all 4 of my room keys didn't seem to work. A few security people were very helpful and fixed the problem as they welcomed us into our room. The comfort quickly changed our sour feeling. No problems whatsoever upon entering and thereafter!. Nice view for the firework show!
Yay! I think I may have found my new favorite hotel :) . . It's new, it's modern, and it's fancy shmancy.  But best of all, it's CONVENIENT.  Right across from PH with the miracle mile shops as well as the new designer shops near the Aria hotel.  PLUS, SECRET PIZZA is here and the wonderful chandelier in the middle makes for awesome pictures. . . The rooms are nice and surprisingly spacious.  Each standard city room, which is the cheapest, comes with TWO queen beds and the entire right wall is a full length mirror. LADIES, you all know how we love dem large mirrors.  . The bathroom is a good size, but the only awkward thing about it is the bathroom door and shower door.  It's NOT secure and the shower door is glass with the other side being blinds ... that can be opened from the other side hahaha. So just make sure you feel safe when showering :) . . And of course, I was extremely lucky to get to stay intheir bungalows for a night.  Let me just tell you that if I had all the money in the world, I would stay there every time I go to Vegas.  It's HUGE.  Three stories of awesomeness ... and it connects to Marquee?  Shoot,  I'm down. . . BUT for all us other regular Vegas goers, the price for the regular rooms are $$$. Luckily, we got a deal for $170 a night ... instead of the usual .. what, $200?  And that's the cheapest room.. . If you're willing to spend extra money on the rooms here, do it.  If not, find somewhere cheaper and just venture over here for the food and club.  . I love you Cosmo ... just offer more deals please.
I.  Am.  Impressed.. . Par for the course on Vegas hotels.  The newest ones are always the nicest and the Cosmo lives up to the standard.  The rooms are ridiculous!  We had to walk through the shower to get to the bathtub.  I would definitely stay here again, until the next, new hotel gets built on the strip.
love the decor! very spacious you don't smell much of the cigarette smoke. the second with the clear beads were heavenly! it makes you not want to leave. cocktail waitress every 30 min unlike other casinos.
Pretty cool hotel. I stayed here for a weekend and it was really nice. Since it was a bit chilly outside, it's super convenient if you're going to go out to Marquee since you won't have to step foot outside. Our view was spectacular from our suite. One of the best views I've seen on the strip. It overlooked the Bellagio fountains so it was nice. Although the room wasn't paid by me, I would def look into staying here again.
This is a great hotel but they have been raising the rates through the roof lately (and I'm not sure the new prices are worth it)! I love how gorgeous everything is - the decorations are impeccable - but I was able to stay in a corner suite at the Aria next door for less than a standard room at the Cosmopolitan my last trip. Needless to say, given the choice, I'd stay in the corner suite every time. . . But the Cosmopolitan staff is super friendly and even if you don't stay here, I'd definitely recommend walking through (especially if you are with a bachelorette party - all those sparkles!). I love the chandeliers and casino. They also have great restaurants and a very cool pool. Hopefully they will stop price gouging and I can stay there again.
So this is my first time staying here and it's beautiful.  There were two issues.  The bathtub stopper did not work.  But to the hotel's testament, they were up within an hour to fix it.  Also the dishwasher had a dirty plate in it.  Even though I called about it, the plate is still in the dishwasher.  If it wasn't for that reason, this hotel and casino would have gotten five stars.  I will definitely be coming back!!!
I have stayed at a lot of different hotels on the strip and I will put Cosmo right up there. Really good restaurants and the rooms were spacious and well decorated. The room had a nice living room and a small walkway leading to the bedroom. I heard this was supposed to be a condo first before they converted it to the hotel after the real estate slump. I was on the 52nd floor and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip from the balcony. The gym was really well equipped. There is a gym at the East tower and 1 in the West. The one in the west is much large with more equipment but the one in the East has the better iew.. . Service was excellent all around. The restaurants and bars were EXCELLENT. I liked the screens in the lobby and in the elevator with the moving art, it is cool. . . Now the negatives, this is me being picky. Note that I still rate them at 4 stars.. - Check your couch, my first room had a lot of dust and they moved me to another room after I complained which was good, so not docking them for this.. - They also need better signs on how to get to the East Tower from the lobby, the elevators were well hidden.. -Did not like the $20 additional fee for using the gyms. . -This not about Cosmo in particular but I hated the folks who were smoking all over the place, my nose and lungs hate Vegas.
from the moment we checked service was fantastic and not because I am platinum marriott member. from the bellman, to the valet, room service great service. the upgrade was nice too
Conflicted. Had a really good time gambling, mostly all craps. Craps dealers were awesome (shout out to John / Johnny from Philly - cool cat). But damn , the clientele was suspect at times. Weird. . . Overall a fun place to play craps. $10 and $15 tables which was nice if your getting your balls handed to you on the $25 tables.
So I went to the Cosmopolitian for my 21st birthday and for the most part it was a really good trip! First of all if you go to Vegas it's freaking cold and I live in Hawaii so yeah everyone on the mainland is cold in January but anyways it was about in the 40s. I wish I could of checked in earlier but I turned 21 on the 1st so I couldn't legally be able to get a room on the 31st. . . Check-In:. I've read a lot of reviews about check in but there was pretty much no line when I checked in. The lady that checked me in was really nice until she took a look at my I.D and I guess doesn't know basic math since 2012-1992 = 21. Anyways she came back to me and was like since there is a casino in this hotel we can't allow you to check-in because you have to be 21. I said....um I turned 21 today. Oh she said and went back and smiled. Ok she said that will be 450 for your stay. Now I reserved my room through Jetsetter which is an amazing site for hotel deals and I already paid for the room. She told me that it was a $150 a day for "insurance". Shit I didn't know this hotel rolled like that...do I get a chocolate on my pillow dipped in 24k gold? Anyways that kind of pissed me off cause it was my birthday and that definitely took a chunk out of my budget for spending, drinking, gambling and partying. I did get a $25 credit from Jetsetter for food and beverage so can't really complain.. . The Room:. . I stayed at the Terrace Studio with 2 Queens since it was my friend and I that came for this trip. It was really nice. The kitchenette was good and the closet was cute. I mostly dominated the closet as I have a lot of clothes. The bathroom was really spacious and had this amazing bathtub that I used almost everyday. The shower was LARGE...I could of definitely fit at least 5 people in their comfortable if I wanted a crazy time shower party....I didn't.. . The Casino:. . Ummm....definitely lacking at the Casino. First of all there is NO POKER ROOM! WTF!? I freaking love poker and that was the majority of my excitement was that I was gonna be able to play poker on the tables at the Cosmo...oh well I ended up playing at the Bellagio and I met some sexy high-rollers. Anywho! I had fun playing  the 1 cent games of Sex and the City 2....if you do go play it...it's addicting as shit. I also enjoyed playing the roulette games. The tables are all min. $25....luckily for me I met sexy high-rollers who had no problem dropping some stacks for me to enjoy the casino without me having to pay! But! If I did have to pay I probably would of went to some sketchy place like the Golden Corral or something in Old Town. . . The Food:. . DELICIOUS! Only way to put it. I ate at the Wicked Spoon and I think I foodgasmed at least twice...I apologize to anyone who was eating near me cause whoo I was making some noises. I got the bottomless wine to go with that and I was so drunk by the time that was over...the food...GOD. I think I end up hitting on one of the guys that worked there...hey it's Vegas.. Holsteins was soooo delicious and I got the mini sliders with the milkshake (alcholic). Geez I was a drunk on this trip but it was seriously so good! The girls who work there are super friendly unlike most of these bi&^$es who for some reason are SO RUDE!. Secret Pizza what can I say about you!? I went to LAVO and when I came back just so drunk I was told to go to the Secret Pizza...best idea ever. The pizza is SOOO good but only eat it when you are really fucked up if you want to truly enjoy it.. Comme Ca was where I ate with some dudes who paid for it so honestly don't know the prices really but I'm sure it's expensive. IT WAS DELICIOUS!. . Shopping: . . I'm a shopaholic but surprisingly I didn't really do shopping on this trip. I think it was just cause I was hammered most of the time and trying to shop with alcohol in your system is a really bad idea. They did have cool stores and they have a vending machine store....um...GENIUS?. . The Scene:. . This is definitely a beautiful people place. Only reason why I stood out was cause I'm black...no seriously I stood out. Lots of supermodel looking chicks with really really really old guys. Seriously do they have sex? I mean I applaud that cause I just couldn't be able to do that! The guys I met here are delicious...seriously I don't get to enjoy this in Hawaii. Lots of really good conversation with bright people and great to people watch. It's definitely a who is sucking the richest dude kind of place....if that's your type of scene you will love it here!. . Overall: It was an amazing trip and only reason why I gave it 4 stars was cause there is no poker room! I can't wait to come for Spring Break...or summer I dunno!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: 1/365
With all its sleek, stylish, art-inspired, sophistication, I have fallen to its artistic ambiance. This is a place for art lovers. The way it is designed and decorated seems like one would be "in the wrong" but you "are in right". Moving scenes showcased in rows of columns in the lobby. The parking garage, I must say is spiffy with its marked "red light" lighted parking space if occupied by a vehicle and a "green light" over the parking space if unoccupied and one better zooom in that car you are driving to park it before someone else cuts you through from that parking space. Each parking lane have a sign telling you how many parking spaces are available...number comes up in big bold light! of available space! No sense driving through the parking lanes if you see "0" (zero) means no parking space available. Don't you feel like being some place else when you can't just park the car? The access to the hotel from the parking garage is via entrances that are adorned with artistic murals. Clean sophistication greets you as you enter the hotel of several main floors. Oh and beautiful people abounds inside the hotel. The rooms are sleek sophistication as well with a view of the "Strip", the Bellagio fountains and endless view of Las Vegas beyond your eyes can see. The Ice Rink at the Boulevard Pool is a joy to scrape that ice skates on ice overlooking Vegas skyrises and lights. Love the pink cascading crystals of the "Chandelier Bar". Feeling that James Bond Girl persona in the "Vesper Bar". More at being in Vegas, here u feel the high-end vibe, feel like a million!
Gorgeous Casino & Hotel.  Lots of great food places here.
New, nice casino. Friendly staff. Valet parking is set up nicely. Liberal comps for machine play, tougher at the tables. Buffet is interesting, good selection of tastes.
3 nights and 4 days at the Cosmopolitan and I'm a fan.  For sure.  Our room had a balcony and all the perks you'd expect at a nice hotel on the strip.  Super comfy bed, beautiful lobby, separate shower and nice large tub, The Chandelier is gorgeous and has great drinks, of course.  There is, however, a $25/day resort fee which I was not aware of when I made the reservation on hotels.com, but that's my fault for not reading the fine print probably.  But, thanks to that resort fee, the use of the clean, state of the art gym was included with our stay.  The yoga classes were $10 each, which is not bad.  Didn't use room service but did check out Scarpetta.  FANTASTIC.  We'll definitely be going back.
Absolutely gorgeous hotel!!! However I am taking one star off because for the price I expected the rooms to be a little more unique. However my favorite thing to do at this hotel is have a drink under the chandelier bar. So pretty!!
WARNING: This place is somewhat snobby. . Ok so what did you expect from the hottest and newest hotel/casino on the strip. At night time 85% of people in the casino will be dressed to impress. 85% of people in the casino at night time on a weekend will be from 21-35 years old. This is kind of a young and hip type of spot. I've always been more of a bar guy compared to doing the whole nightclub scene but this place has both of those scenes done very well. The bars have smooth old school type bands playing. If you go outside Marquee nightclub at night, there will almost always be a line and tons of hot girls standing around. Just really love the vibe here. Only reason I give this place 4 stars is that though I love the rooms, I'm not really into gambling there for too long. My last trip to cosmo in December I gambled there for about 2 hours. That's the most I can really do there haha. Like I said...the place is snobby and really I can only put up with so much of it before I head to a more casual spot. That's not Cosmo's fault though...more mine.  Now if you are over 40 then maybe this spot won't fit you too well. Aria and MGM would be better choices. This is really a spot that caters to those of us Youngins out there.... Love the Cosmo and will be back in a couple weeks!
The Cosmopolitan continues to be my most favorite Strip property! Despite the few slips in service I've experienced since writing my last, I've seen things improve and change as this relatively new hotel grows into an old favorite. . . The customer service is above average-I've asked for directions more than once and instead of just telling me, I've actually had someone walk me to my destination. You'd never get that in another Strip hotel and I'm always surprised at the friendliness of the staff there. A couple of times, the staff hasn't been so helpful, but I chalk that up to being uninformed not because they didn't want to help.. . I've never stayed here, so can only comment on the other ammenities that make the Cosmo unique and fun. Their restaurant collection is still one of the best in town-one of my favorite is Comme Ca. Not only does the place have a killer view, but a seasonally-inspired menu and amazing happy hour. On the other end of the spectrum you have the not-so-secret-anymore pizza joint that puts most local pizza places to shame with its delicious pizza and dare I say it, pretty legit boxed wine!. . The entertainment here is the real sticking point, whether its the people watching on the casino floor (some really take the Cosmo's tagline of "just the right amount of wrong" to heart), free concerts at one of the bars or ticketed concerts at the Chelsea or Boulevard pool. While they no longer handle ticket sales on their website (booo, but I understand-it was becoming a major sh*tshow for them), the ticket prices for concerts have been relatively cheap, save for big acts like Adele or their NYE shows like The Killers or Red Hot Chili Peppers (2012). They've improved the will call and ticket system in general, but there's still a lot of confusion on concert nights regarding how to actually access the venue, particularly The Chelsea, which I still have a hard time finding sometimes. They need to provide more staffing on site those days AND educate the folks at the concierge and/or certain check points on how to direct people. OR they need to provide instructions on Ticketmaster on how to access the venues-it's not just me wandering around and panicking that I won't get to a concert before it ends because I'm lost in the bowels of the hotel.. . There's definitely a boutique hotel feel to this corporate conglomerate that you just don't get at other hotels in town. It's fun and funky, catering to the younger crowd of late 20-early 40somethings who want the typical Vegas experience and then some.
I liked this place a lot. Great restaurants and great shopping. Our room had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains. The Bond bar in front is a perfect place to start an evening. I cannot recommend this place enough.. . Why only 4 out of 5 you ask?. . It does not have a very good sports book  AT ALL and no Poker Room. You have to go next door to Bellagio and Aria for that.
Best Bangfor your buck.. . Marquee is one of the top clubs.. . Rooms offer the most space for the price. In the middle of the strip.. . Don't like to gamble there due to amount of young people that come sit on your table and mess up the hands in blackjack.. . Pet friendly hotel.
Overall, I think The Cosmopolitan is one of the best resorts in Vegas. I'll start with the many positives:. . -Excellent modern design. -Courteous and understanding staff (with the exception of some of the housekeeping staff). -Large variety of eateries and shops on the second and third floors away from the super busy and smokey casino floor . -Super high tech! You can control everything from the TVs in your room. -STUNNING views looking out at most of the strip and the Bellagio fountains! (This upgrade will cost you more). Our room on the 57th floor even had a balcony with a comfortable lounge mini sofa.. -The Identity membership is totally worth it. Even though everything is pricey in the hotel, signing up for this program will give you cash back to use at pretty much any of the places inside the hotel during your stay. -Great central location on the strip (smack in the middle of the main action (close to Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc). . -Right next to City Center . -They even have Tennis Courts on the 14th floor next to the gym and pool. The gym is also pretty high tech and large. . There were also a few negatives though:. -They were SUPER CROWDED on President's Day Weekend (this is understandable, but they needed more CoStars (their customer service reps) at the Front Desk! Seriously! The lines were crazy long to check in! . -While all the high tech elements are cool, they often stopped working or were buggy (our TVs went black or fuzzy often). They also had a problem with their phone system while we were here. We tried to call the front desk and were put on 20 minute holds every time! To their credit, we complained at check out and they comped one of our charges at The Wicked Spoon Buffet.. -The housekeeping staff was a little rude and pushy. They wanted to clean our room in the morning, and they knocked at least three times all within an hour. Can't they just come back a little later in the afternoon?. -The design of the rooms is a little odd (they are very spacious, but there's a random kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher smack in the middle of the room. They had to install two TVs in each room because the kitchen takes up the space in the center. This is a little funky.. . Overall, a great destination in Vegas. I would definitely recommend it! Splurge for the Bellagio Fountain view. It's totally worth it.
I am a huge fan of this hotel, since it has be built I wanted to visit and recently I had the chance to book a room here.. . The inside is a little overdone, but then again it what the location is about. Located right in City Center in the middle of the strip pretty much everything is with-in walking distance from the hotel.. . My room on the 60th floor had one of the best views of Las Vegas blvd, and a balcony with stunning views of bellagios famous water fountains; however, costed me an extra $75 (off season) to my room cost... but was well worth it!. . The room has multiple tv's and a lounge area , safe, refrigerator with no space to store anything and everything is on censors so beware opening it up (I had a bottle of goose fly right onto the ground when opening it). There is a giant desk and other odds and ends you wont find in most strip hotels like on tv terminator , lights, and among other options. . . I wouldn't say the food options are that great here... I tired the wicked spoon and left wanting more from my visit. Additionally the shops weren't too attractive and felt more compelled to shop at Aria's / city center mall than Comso's.  OH, and the room had terrible water pressure... the showers were OK but the faucets had zero pressure; tub included. . . Pools were small, and though it was off season one was open but surely doesn't rival the Caesars or Rehab... No worthy nightclubs here to speak of..... . Casino wise is the smallest I entered the entire time I was in Vegas, was extremely unimpressive. After walking through it to the East-tower I went to everywhere else because of the limited size of gaming offered. . . 4 stars, desk , door and other services were good.
So I'm probably delusional.....but I had an idea of the old school "classy Sinatra" Vegas---where dames and gents dressed up in suits and dresses.....and tacky & trashy only existed in back alley's---- . . However, my boyfriend tells me the quality of the most expensive hotels has greatly decreased over the years---but The Cosmopolitan keeps up with worldly design, nice atmosphere, and removed their cheesy carpets years ago. . . I stayed in the suite on the 38th floor.......very nice. They were lacking with hand soap, shampoo, and conditioner.....but other than that..... the hotel rooms are beautiful!!! . . The casino isn't that spectacular.....but the buffet at Wicked Spoon will definitely satisfy your appetite.
Stay here for the big upscale rooms an location, not the casino. Food spots are just ok. Good value on the rooms- great views- and balconies! You'll have to go off campus for food and gambling. The bars in this place are ok. My 4/5 is a reflection of the Cosmo as a hotel.
Loved the chandeliers all around the hotel! The multi-levels have plenty of shopping & dining options. Everything was clean. Casino was nice. New & modern. You can see the outside pool/bar area from the Strip. It is in a great location on the Strip & you can see the Bellagio's water show from the hotel. It is located next to the City Center, as well as the other newer hotels.
I just got home, and the stay was overall very good. I arrived at 2pm and the room was net ready until 4pm. They called me and sent me a text that the room was ready! The best part of the room was the balcony, no one else has had this and it was great! I was in room 5104, and it did not face the Bellagio fountains, but it had sun, and was warm and comfortable in 55 degree weather.. . I never waited for service at the restaurants, and by the way, best pizza for lunch in Las Vegas! Staff was very helpful and friendly, and the dealers at the tables were great!. . The room was average for the price. But that balcony was killer!
This hotel is SO SEXY!!  I would like to stay here everytime!  And would give it 5 stars based on that alone.  HOWEVER, the service is debatable.  We were checked into a very dirty room.  It took them over 2 hours to get us another room, that was smaller and smelled of cigarette smoke.  It then took another hour and some tears to actually get a clean room.  That was significantly smaller than our first.  :(  We maybe spoke to a manager once, and had to re tell our story EVERY TIME we talked to someone new.  It seemed as tho people really wanted to help, but there just was not enough communication or staff to keep up with how busy is was.  I want to stay here again because it is so pretty, but not sure I can get past the disorganized service.
My first impression of Cosmo when I first visited this Hotel/Casino is their parking garage. Each parking stall has the green lights and red lights indicating if a spot is open.  Really cool and convenient.  Just keep in mind that bikes do not trigger the sensors.  So don't get too excited about thinking you got a close spot or you'll get motid like me.  . . As for the casino floor itself, simply modern, sleek, and beautiful.  In the center of this casino is their infamous Chandelier.  During the day, this casino is tame.  But during the night, all the black outfits come out.  The casino floor level is about drinks and gaming. The 2nd level is where the night life action is going on.  During a Friday and Saturday night, the 2nd floor is packed.  Also, don't be surprised to see a celebrity or two while visiting this place.
Went back again this year and still great!
Love the chandeliers here.  Makes it feel fun and like I stepped into Sex and the City 3.  . . This is strictly a review of the Casino and the ambiance.  I was not able to partake in being a hotel guest this time around.. . The atmosphere feels very posh and high end.  And whoever designed those chandeliers probably doesn't have to dust them, that looks like a full time job.  I can picture their business card now, "Cosmopolitan Chandelier Cleaner and Expert".  . . A bunch of great bars inside and the Wicked Spoon Buffet is here as well, albeit a bit of a trek to get to, that was like a maze.  I felt like people were watching us and laughing as we had to back track multiple times.  . . Casino offers lots of slot variety and although I played I did not win big.  . . I would recommend the Cosmo to the younger and more youthful crowd as this seems to offer the backdrop for a fun packed evening.
Cosmos the "cool" place to be in Vegas!. . So it is cool to be here, but that also means it is busy.  Sometimes VERY busy...like over hour waits for some of the food spots.. . But the good thing is, there are tons of good bites to eat here, ranging from inexpensive to crazy expensive.  Something for every wallet and palate here.. . I've checked out Marquee dayclub before too, and the setting and eye candy is great.  They also have THE best poolside food I've had...including an amazing prime rib sandwich!  Yes, amazing!. . We got to check out the rooms for a party the other night, and they got the one bedroom corner suite style room...the one with the wrap around balcony.  The balcony itself is amazing, and the views are great being central on the strip.  The rooms were nice, but I am really into the darker contemporary look vs the very light theme they have going on here.  Still one of the better rooms on the strip, but you'll pay for it.. . Cosmo is a must stop while in Vegas, and I have a feeling you will end your night here a few times outta your trip :)
So I hadn't been to Vegas in about 4 years. Vegas is VERY ugh to me. Ugh, ewww, or ehhh is usually what comes to my mind when its mentioned. I think any person who travels outside of the usual Mexico/Hawaii/Tahoe vacays will tell you that there are better cities to be/party/eat. I am somewhat of a travel snob. So, I knew if I was going to go back to Vegas for a third time (when I didn't even want to go back for a second time) for a girls weekend that we needed to stay somewhere cool. If I have to be in this god forsaken city, then I need to be in a cool spot or else I am going to lose my mind. The Cosmo repeatedly came up in discussions with friends, coworkers, family, and from what you hear from those who loooove Vegas. Ok, so we booked our rooms - 2 rooms for 4 people. When we arrived at the Cosmo, I have to say I was impressed. (Note that this is huge that I was impressed considering that very little impresses me and I was in Vegas.) The lobby is very nice, trendy, and chic. Whoever did the interior design for this whole hotel did a fab job. The guy who checked us into the hotel was so nice...so nice that he upgraded me and my friends room to a Terrace room facing the strip. Obviously we were two chicks, and he was a straight dude - you get the picture - but still nice. Anyways, the room was really nice, great view. The beds were fantastic. After a long night, the bed was so amazing to settle into. The hotel has really good restaurants, too. It's pretty centrally located on the strip, and the personnel there are so nice. Great stay in a ugh city. I would totally go back and stay here....the only issue is that it's in Vegas.
This was hands down the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in! I just wish I wasn't there for work. I could not believe how huge the room was. I had a terrace room with a pretty good view. The room had a stand up shower (probably would fit at least 4 people) and a HUGE garden tub with jets. It also had a seating area and two flat screen TVs. I loved the decor and the bed was really comfortable. The only thing I wish it had was a coffee maker. The restaurants and bars were also wonderful. The Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant was probably the best sushi I ever had. (The waiter said they fly in their fresh fish from Japan!) Also a stop at Holsteins for a burger is a must. We went there twice in our three day stay. The hotel staff was also wonderful. They were really helpful, nice and very friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying on the strip.
GORGEOUS hotel - very luxurious and posh.. The rooms facing the Bellagio were lavish with an excellent view.. The buffet was fantastic and well priced.. My only complaint was that the service was sub par ---a maid walked into our room un announced while we were in the shower --YIKES. The front desk was slow -- there is nothing worse than waiting in line for 30 mins to check into your room, when all you want to do is drop off your bags and go hit the pool/bar/strip.. Overall, a pretty nice place to stay - centrally located on the strip.
We stayed at the Cosmo for four nights and really enjoyed the hotel. Overall it was great but there were a few downsides. . . First, the good:. Our room, a one bedroom terrace suite with fountain view, was amazing. The decor was beautiful, the bed incredibly comfortable and the wet room with soaking tub fabulous. The view of the Bellagio fountain was great too. The whole hotel is stunningly decorated and a lot classier than some other places on the strip. You can control numerous items through the TV (eg lights, climate control, restaurant reservations), which is very cool. . . The bad:. Pretty much everything bar the room is extra. Wifi is expensive at $15/day and if you also want to use the gym it's a further $13/day. Room service is expensive at $5 delivery plus 18% service PLUS tip to the deliverer. We also struggled to sleep on the Saturday night due to noise from a nightclub (not sure if it was the one in the Cosmo or in Paris).. . Overall it's a great place to stay and if we go back to Vegas we will most likely stay at the Cosmo - but do bear in mind the above downsides.
Gorgeous, simply beautiful.. Modern elegance, this is for sure one of the new highlights on the strip.. The chandelier breathtaking, the shops and restaurants, nightclubs, everything is carefully selected and top notch.. Had I not had a bad dining experience here it would be 5 stars, this is where the young, hot rich elite stays, get a piece of the pie and enjoy a stay here it will be memorable for sure.
One of my favorite hotels on the strip.  Definitely has the hip urban vibe that I really enjoy and the location is on the strip is ideal for me.  . . Plus it has this one slot machine I was on for at least a good 2-3 hours one night that I just loved.  Wish I remembered the name of it =/. . Still, great hotel!
So, this is where all the beautiful and cool people hang out.  I had no idea :-). I wonder if they expected it to be this popular?  The casino in general was confusing to me but maybe that's because I'm never there.  It wasn't just me though; it wasn't until I asked a fourth employee that I was able to locate the will call desk for the boulevard concert venue.  In general everyone here seems helpful and having a good time and the crowd is definitely younger and more into partying.  The underground parking is a challenge.  Maybe crank up the lighting a bit...I have a feeling that's what purgatory will look like.. . I saw the band New Order play outside at the pool.  I felt the show was great despite not being a huge fan of pool concerts.  The pool deck is small and cramped...there must have been 4,000+ people crammed out there.  Acoustics are marginal given the environment but the set list was epic including 4 songs from Joy Division.  Those that left early before the encore missed out...Losers!  A true fan stays until the house lights come up and the band is gone for good.  All in all it was a great experience and I had the chance to meet some cool people from Yelp for the first time.
I LOVED our room but did not care for the casino.. . Our room faced the Bellagio fountains where we had a great view of the fountain show every night and the room itself was a mini suite decorated well with a small kitchenette huge bathrooms and two large flat screen TVs.  Our room even had a large bath tub facing out the window so you could watch the Bellagio Fountains while enjoying a bath.  I would say it was by far one of the nicest rooms I've stayed at while in Vegas (we've stayed at Mandalay and Aria).  The balcony was the most amazing feature of our room.  We had a perfect view of the Vegas strip!. . So some things that I did not care for:. . The Casino was small.  On a busy night all the tables were filled, i had to go to Aria or Bellagio to gamble.  There's no poker room here either.  The registration/valet desk was on the complete opposite side of the property so we had to walk across the whole Casino every time we went anywhere.  Would I stay at the Cosmo again, yes probably because the room was awesome but I think I would rather stay at Aria because of its larger casino and its central to a lot more things.
This hotel is stunning. It's one of the most aesthetically pleasing casinos I've ever been to... until you reach the hotel suites. The main floors of the hotel are modern, glamorous, and digital. So one would assume the same would be applied to the rooms, hence I was extremely excited to stay there. So when I entered my suite I was utterly disappointed. Granted I was lucky enough to stay in a suite and not a standard room, which I assume has more amenities and is more spacious than an average room, yet the lack of technology left me highly confused. I felt as if they'd spent so much time and money designing and building the common areas that when it came time to build and decorate the rooms they ran out of funds & time? That's the only explanation I have for the underwhelming room. Considering how high tech and new this place is, they still have the type of curtains that require manual work via plastic rods for open and closure. Their blinds requires the use of a hand crank rod. Kitchen and furniture looks cheap, somewhat comparable to some nicer Holiday Inn. Everything else was decent at best, but nothing too spectacular. . . So why 4 stars and not lower? Despite my utter disappointment in the room, I love everything else about the hotel and the casino areas. The lobby is decked with high-tech beams displaying some fantastic graphics and images. The attention to detail throughout the main floors are drool worthy. Lastly, the view from my room was breathtaking. If I were to only frequent the common areas and not be a hotel guest I would definitely give this place  a perfect score. Too bad the rooms don't match the rest of the building.
Wowzer!. . From the 8ft TV screen towers in the lobby to the plentiful pool options, the killer rooms & location on the strip, all you can say is Wowzer!. . *Room - think Manhattan, upper east side walk up studio apt. (the deep, deep tub was my favorite).. *Views - so great you feel bad for all the people staying at the hotels you can see so far off. Private terrace to enjoy the Belagio fountains all day and all night.. *Pools - plentiful, creative layouts & maximized space. Not all pools offer pool-side wait service, not all pools offer "all sun" seats and ALL pools fill up before 10am, so get there early!. *Restaurants - okay, but not really competitive to the others in the area. . Biggest bummer about this place is the cost. We were blessed to stay for free (there on business), but requested to extend our stay and were told it would be $675 for ONE NIGHT. Not worth it at all! You can get the same square footage, amenities, view and strip location for a lot less at surrounding hotels).. . It was great while it lasted.
We got this hotel from Priceline and could not believe we got the Cosmopolitan hotel. The checking-in process was a bit of waiting but the front desk staff (Anna) was quite nice and helpful... We upgraded to the terrace one bedroom suite with the Bellagio's fountain view... It was totally worth very penny!. . The room was spacious, with nice sitting balcony and killer view! Love the technology... You can turn the chandelier, bathroom, living, bedroom lights, room climate control and so on with your TV remote! Gotta love technology! The Japanese tub facing the strip is awesome! . . The gym has many equipments and a boxing ring! There are three pools but not enough chairs... So you gotta get there earlier or pay for the cabana!. . There are several restaurants. We went to the Wicked Spoon for lunch and dinner... And quite happy with the buffet choices! And if you are starving after midnight... There is the secret pizza (this place does not have nam!) on the third floor, next to the Blue Ribbon restaurant... Quite secret that you might not know that you are there even if you are right in front of it! . . We have a great time here... Definitely will stay here again... So why did I give this place a five star?!. . For few reasons... (maybe a bit nit picking!). - no dresser in the room... I don't like my underclothes expose!. - no coffee shops or in-room coffee maker for quick coffee break... Do people still drink coffee?. - not enough seating at the pools. - shopping selections... So so. - finally, it will take lots of luck to win here!
Very impressed with the rooms. We were in the terrace studio and was lovely. Only draw back was they charge for Internet service and wifi . Also would go back if I were in my 20, 30, or 40 at the most. Suited for the young and felt a bit out of place being 70 even if we are very young at heart and active.
Awsome room and front desk service. My only complaint is that I have never won in their casino. Doh!
I am a fan of Cosmopolitan. After staying in their regular room and getting to hangout in the wrap around corner suite, it automatically became my favorite place to stay at in Vegas. The hotel is modern, clean, and is packed with a young vibe that surrounds the entire area. The elevators are close to the parking lot and the front office and valet which makes everything convenient. Marquee Day and Nightclub are right up the escalators and the casino is always lively. Stay here is you want a great stay in Vegas. The wraparound room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and Marquee where there are lounge chairs to enjoy the view. . . The only issues that I had was that the drain for the shower seemed clogged and the valet guy gave us problems for carrying in alcohol. I didn't know that you can't carry in a bottle into the hotel and that if you do, it has to be concealed. Palazzo and Venetian let us carry it in openly all of the time. -__-. . Otherwise, I will be back!
Great room (1 bedroom suite) overlooking the strip. Clean, comfortable, great style. Good deal. . . However I realized I'm not young, hip, or drunk enough to hang with the crowd here.
Great hotel with a good ambince.  The city centre is huge though and the probably is they all look the same so hard to check out all the casinos.  The casino was fun to play at and a large selection of games. The security though is very tight.
The hotel is a nice addition to the Las Vegas strip. One of the nicer hotels in the area because it has newer amenities and fixtures. The room I stayed in had two really nice and large flat screen television. Beds are comfortable and the bathrooms were in great condition. Even had a nice little kitchenette. Compared to all the hotels in the area, the Cosmo is near the top. Service could be a little better as our things delivered to the room (like wine glasses) took a long long time. In the end, good place to stay!
very very nice. not amazing but very very nice.
This is one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. The service is impeccable and the rooms are fabulous. I love the modern amenities like being able to control the room lights from my phone. If you're facing the strip and are lucky enough to get a balcony, you'll have one of the best views of the strip. The decor and design that is so unique and cool in the casino and lobby extend to the rooms as well. I loved just walking around different parts of the resort and checking out the pieces of art and other cool hidden stuff. . . The restaurant selection here is one of the finest on the strip. Comme Ca, Holstein's and China Poblano are all unique and fantastic in their own way. . . Ironically, I didn't spend a lot of time at the bars or casinos here. Being in my 30s I felt a little old and un-hip to fit in with the crowd here. However, the location is fantastic with the Bellagio right next door and a lot of great casinos within walking distance. . . The only reason I'm not giving a full 5 stars is because of some of the clientele this place attracts at night - the collar poppin' broseph along with his girl in her short, short, short cocktail dress. However, this crowd can make for some fantastic people watching.
Stayed here for three nights during Cinco de Mayo weekend (and Mayweather vs. Guerrero fight).  Room prices were jacked up ($1.8K for three nights!!) and almost completely booked, but we managed to snag one with a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountain show (34-49).  . . The Cosmo is a very nice hotel; modern, chic, and definitely geared towards the 20s and 30s crowd.  This is a party hotel, so those looking for a more serene (hah!) experience should stay at the Palazzo or Wynn (also favorites of mine).    . . Loved the convenience of partying at Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub without having to leave the hotel.  Highlight of my stay here was seeing Armin Van Buuren spin at Marquee Dayclub on Saturday, May 4th; he was awesome!  I've been to Marquee Nightclub many times and enjoy the ambiance; however, still scratching my head over the seemingly endless stairs women have to trek down in order to exit the place!  . . Ordered room service for the girls Saturday night and was quoted 1.5 hours, but food arrived within half an hour...pleasant surprise.  The spinach dip with crab and buffalo chicken wings arrived hot, and were pretty tasty - the chips were warm and crispy.  Didn't try the garden salad, but it looked fresh.  . . Only restaurant we had a chance to eat at here was China Poblano, and only because it was next to the Marquee Nightclub and we needed to kill time.  We ordered several dishes to share, including the twenty-vegetable fried rice, siu mai, Open Sesame noodles, and the "Don't be Jealous" hot and sour soup.  Well, I ain't jealous of the hot and sour soup; a lot left to be desired.  The Open Sesame noodles were chilled and tasted bland.  The siu mai I didn't try, but my friends claimed it was good.  The highlight of the meal was the fried rice, yes, fried rice!  What made it special was the baby veggies included in the rice, but the rice was pretty flavorful too.  The portions were small, but I'd say the $20 spent on the fried rice was worth it.  It was a bit distracting trying to eat with Marquee's club music blasting our ears, but hey, part of the "ambiance".  . . Love, love, love the Chandelier bar, especially the second floor, which serves my favorite drink - the Verbena!  It's a tequila based drink, but the special touch is the edible flower bud you eat before you sip your drink.  It's like pop-rocks in your mouth, and your mouth becomes numb for a few minutes, but it totally enhances the flavor of the drink!  I highly recommend this drink!. . Staff we encountered during our stay were professional and accommodating - no complaints.  This trip was my first time staying at Cosmo, but I'd definitely stay here again.
Holy shiatsu my room is huge.. . Stayed here during an internal company conference. I was given a terrace room. 2 queen beds on the 54th floor.  The room decor is fabulous with interesting black and white wallpaper patterns in the closet and bathroom.  The bathroom is divided into 4 components: jetted tub, separate shower with bench, separate toilet and 2 sinks. There is a main Hello/Goodbye button in the room that turns all the lights off and on.. . I always check out swimming pools in the hotel. They had 3! On the west tower, the Bamboo pool is long enough to make lap swimming fun particularly when one has to dodge erratic toddlers and random drunks. . . There are 3 elevator rooms that take guests to room slots.  The restaurant selections here are also good. Jaleo made the Opentable fit for foodie list, Holstein and Scarpetta are pretty good.. . Might be tempted to stay here again if there is such an ocassion.
The Cosmpolitan may have ruined any other casino for me!   We came in early Friday afternoon - we had booked a terrace suite.  The front desk man asked if we were in town for business or pleasure.  When we told him we were getting married the next day he immediately smilted and said "well I would love to upgrade you then" - we ended up with a beautiful terrace one bedroom suite with the japenese soaking tub.. . the best part is that we had the most perfect view of the bellagio fountains and the eiffel tour that you could ask for.    Since, we were getting married in our room - the view was amazing.   . . I could have lived on the terrace - so relaxing to sit there and see the fountains go off time and time again.  At night with the lights was even more spectacular. . . the shower and the tub are in the same area, but are surrounded by glass, so if you are in the bedroom laying on the bed - you certainly have a nice view if you know what I mean.   sitting in our soaking tub we had a great view of the fountains and the eiffel tower - oh so very romantic!. . Everyone that worked at the Cosmpolitan (except for one bartendar at Bond bar) was amazing and extremely helpful.    I used the spa services and again had a steller experience.    . . The pools are crowded and loud  - don't expect to relax - it is very much a party scence.  Didn't bother us as we didn't leave our room much!  ;). . We will be back!
While celebrating what I'm sure was my 29th or 39th birthday last weekend, we spent two separate nights in the Cosmo having drinks or dinner and although the outside seems cold and hard, I was pleasantly surprised at the class and warmth inside. I suggest that if you're in town, you spend some time there and relax in the chandelier bar or try some of the restaurants--- great food and memorable service! I would recommend this Hotel/Casino resort to anyone looking to have a fun time and be surrounded by people looking to enjoy themselves.
Very nice hotel. I loved my room on the 40th + floor. I had a spacious room with a great view of Las Vegas. I could see a lot of the other hotels. The staff here was outstanding. Its very high end, walking though make you feel rich. Yes something about this place makes you feel good. Its also part of Marriott and I love Marriott. The only thing that I had a negative thing to say about this is the pools. Yes we went to all the pools. WAY TO SMALL. what where they thinking. Not enough places to set. Dont know how but this needs to get fixed.
I've stayed here a few times and have always enjoyed it.  But I will tell you, that you can hear the thump thump thump of the music being played at the pool and clubs till 4 am in the morning, so be cautions of what side of the building you stay.. . The rooms are remarkable, clean and modern.  It's a big place, and they offer tons of stuff for almost any demographic.  Put on your walking shoes, because it's a big place and you'll be on your feet a lot.  Hope you enjoy it here as much as we did.
Nice hotel very new and very hype scene. They could have a few places to grab a quick bite without having to spend $50  to grab a quick snack that is my only complaint. Also defiantly not enough chairs at the pool. I know it was memorial weekend but we stayed 4 nights and on the weekend at 10 am the pool was full. People laying on the concrete for the amount you spend to go there i think they need more lounge chairs.  Rooms are nice nothing out of this world. Worth staying but there are definitely better hotels in Vegas.
Its comfortable but pricey as a motha. For what you get out of the hottest hotel in vegas for the most expensive stay, i think it should come with a little more inside the hotel room itself. Otherwise, service was excellent and the food and drinks anywhere in that place are amazing.
Modern, clean, great service.  More of a younger vibe. Sort of MTV meets the Jersey Shore.
Me and the girls stayed here for a girly weekend and it was the perfect place! The decor was awesome and the rooms were fresh, clean and modern with a strange touch of kinky? There was a window to the shower and the shades were on the outside so there's a possibility you could get exposed during your shower. Haha. Luckily me and my girlfriends were nice and only exposed someones ankle once. Oh my!
The hotel is really nice and has the best buffet on the strip in Wicked Spoon.  There is also some nice stores and other more casual restaurants.  The club scene is pretty extensive in that there's always people all times of the day.
I love the Cosmo. It has the best night club in Vegas, the hotel rooms are nice, the ambiance in the casino is lavish, and the restaurants are awesome. The casino leaves much to offer however since it doesn't have many tables, doesn't have a poker room, and doesn't have a sports book. I would suggest getting a Terrace suite at the least because they come with a balcony.  The even more expensive suites were made for parties, since they come with full kitchens and huge refrigerators to stock with your own alcohol and food.  I also love the fact that you get into Marquee for FREE on Thurs, Fri, or Sun if you stay at the Cosmo.  You may have to grab some girls in line and pretend you are going in with them due to Vegas guy to girl ratio, but hey, saving $50 at the door is no joke.  Don't forget to go to Secret Pizza(next door to Marquee) for late night munchies! =)
Awesome hotel and you get the vibe of a young and hip crowd than some of the other hotels on the strip.
One star for the room - studio with balcony - the room was great. Bigger than my old studio in nyc.. . One star for the bamboo pool. Very relaxing pool and great drinks.. . One star for the 1.5 floor chandelier bar.  The drinks were creative and awesome. The fire breathing dragon and new old fashion were favs. Really great bartenders. . . One star for the wicked spoon. Wish i was hungrier during the lunch. They had me at bone marrow. The gelatos were delicious too. The angry Mac n cheese stood out to me.. . Only negative was service. I wasn't very impressed with the staff especially the check in procedure. Noone offered to help with bags. They let my girlfriend and I fight our way thru the lobby with them. Also not the best service at the bamboo pool. They were slow and hard to find when you wanted a drink.  Another negative was the restaurants.  They came off more looking like food courts than upscale restaurants.  We took our dinner business outside of the hotel.  I was also surprised how small and slow the gaming area was.
Ok, I've loved this hotel for a long time and been here many times, but I finally booked a room!! We stayed in a very large room with a HUGE bathroom! The room had two tvs (if that tells you how big it was) a balcony which was nice in the evenings....   The service was good as well. We ate in the hotel three times (China Poblano, Jaleos, and Wicked Spoon) all of which were great!! The decor is FABULOUS!!! LOVE the attention to detail! Lots of colors and textures throughout... very visually stimulating.
Stayed here for a 5-day 15th anniversary trip in a wrap-around corner suite.. . Pros:  The room was fantastic; exactly what we were looking for with a view of a significant portion of the strip, including the fountains at the Bellagio next door.  Two spacious showers, large televisions, and a well furnished and comfortable balcony.   The hotel itself is exceptional.  Excellent pools, very clean casino, good floor staff, and a good layout.  Cleaning staff was friendly and in-and-out of our room the moment we would leave.  Security was awesome - our keys turned off on the last night and security was up to help us within three minutes (timed it).. . Cons: Check-in staff was abysmal.  First, the booking was duplicated in their system with the wrong room type and duration.  After correcting the tenure of the stay, we were promptly checked in to the wrong room.  More confusion from the staff, and then a very competent manager was able to resolve the issue in five minutes (after we played around with the regular staff forever) and get us the right room.  When we went by to get our luggage from the bellhop, they suggested we just give them the room number and they'd have it right up.  Two hours and three phone calls later, we just went back down and grabbed it up ourselves.  Conversations with other guests revealed similar experiences and the supposition that they were just overwhelmed that day.. . Neutral:  As mentioned in other reviews, there is a significant population of young party people which I assume is this hotel's target demo.  No one was too crazy while we were there, and they were all pretty respectful of the other guests - this was not a spring break type crowd.  Oddly, there was a large amount of noise from the parties in the pools areas that sort of carried straight upward (to the 53rd floor), but this is to be expected in Vegas on the strip so not a big deal.. . Overall:  Very happy with the hotel and accommodations.  Would be five stars if I could wish away that check-in.
Love the hotel....staff is outstanding and so helpful. Rooms are very nice especially when you get an upgrade. One bedroom suites are HUGE!. Location is great...hotel is in the middle of everything! . Can't ask for a better VEGAS Hotel.
Hyper hubris that has plenty of luxury and lounging space without the gambling clamor always in your face. "Cosmopolitan" has stayed faithful to its own name, in that respect. We're still far off from a fortress of solitude, not unless you stay in one of their decadently plum rooms. But in off-season, this is the place I'd like to return to. Without the horde of people, this is cosmo-ritzy. #historymaking
When I grow up I want to stay at the Cosmo. This place is the sexiest casino/resort on the strip and has the best looking people as well.
I came here for July 4th weekend with the BF and lots of friends.  I had heard that this is THE hotel for young, party minded people, who enjoy the scene.  Without a doubt, that sentiment rings true.  This hip hotel is constantly buzzing with partiers, young people, and lots of excitement.  Add onto that great restaurants and shopping, a terrific gaming and loyalty program, beautiful rooms and amenities, and a fantastic location on the Strip.. . Pros:. -Great location on the Strip; right between City Center and The Bellagio, across from Planet Hollywood. -Drop dead gorgeous room with great bath amenities and outstanding views (we had a terrace view that faced the Bellagio fountains.  Simply incredible).. -An extremely comfortable bed. -Excellent, roomy shower. -Boulevard Pool was the perfect place to chill and lounge for the day to soak up the sun and scene. -Great array of fine and casual dining restaurants and shops, including the buffet. -Check-in and Check-out procedures were fast and easy; desk staff were attentive and eager to make my stay better. -Casino was perfectly sized; not too big, not too small, didn't overwhelm me.. . Cons:. -We forgot to remove our Do Not Disturb sign before 4 the first day, called three times to have the room made up, and the room still didn't get made up.  They did compensate by at least bringing fresh towels and taking out our trash that night.. -Front desk hard to reach via in-room phone; found it easier to call the hotel from my cell or go down to the front desk myself. -Guest room hallways were kinda drab. . Overall, I would definitely recommend staying here if you're young and like to party and want to make the most of your Vegas getaway.
The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel - I didn't stay here but the mall and casino areas are really nice and they have one of the best buffets on the strip (Wicked Spoon). On the day we went there was an odd sewer/dirty baby diaper smell near where we were playing and the smell wouldn't go away, so I think they were having issues with their plumbing...yuck.
If you want the hip, luxury Vegas experience -- stay at the Cosmopolitan.  This hotel is THE place to be.  It's located on the strip at the beautiful City Center next to Aria and Vdara, across from Planet Hollywood and opposite of Bellagio. (Depending on where your room is, you could also see the Bellagio fountains!)  This hotel is swanky and modern, and definitely the most beautiful hotel on the strip (so far).  From crystal chandeliers to artwork to drapery, the decor throughout the hotel and casino is simply gorgeous.  If you plan to club at Marquee Dayclub or Nightclub, it's located on the 3rd floor of the hotel.. . The rooms are actual rooms (vs. some hotels whose smallest room is a suite), but you get of amenities for what you pay for!  We stayed in a City Room which had a huge bathroom, comfortable bed, and the softest bathrooms and slippers -- ever!  As for the casino, it's a bit smaller than other casinos, but I (surprisingly) didn't spend a lot of time on the floor during this trip so I didn't mind.. . The service throughout our stay was friendly and efficient, housekeeping definitely took care of our rooms for us when we were gone, and the room service food was tasty.  There's a ton of dining and drinking options available throughout the hotel as well.  The only negative was the $28/night resort fee (such an odd number) which we didn't really benefit out of because we were too hungover to go to the gym or pool most days.. . I'll definitely be staying here again the next time I'm in Vegas!
I loved this hotel.  I loved the restaurants, the room, the staff, EXCEPT a housekeeper who had attitude when I requested an additional conditioner.  Caught him talking crap about me when I came around the corner and he had to humble himself when I confronted him.  I had heard the service was poor, but the room was so amazing and every restaurant and boutique will make me a loyal Cosmopolitan visitor.
This is a modern hotel, what people 20 years from now, will call the type of casino, from the 2010s... like Bellagio was the hotel to go to in the 90s, and Bally's from the 80s, and so on.... . . This is a sleek newness to the hotel, with people matching the attire, with a snobbish flair, that is expected from a place that is hip and trendy.  I love the amenities, including an amazing lobby, clean rooms, and pleasantly decent smelling public areas, that aren't filled with smoke.. . I love the service, from the first moment, you feel like you are the first class visitor, I love how they were accommodating to my requests, and without any visible expectation anything in return, but a great time.  My friends who came with me, and hung out with me here... it became the go-to place, seemingly, everyone just made it here at some point.  . . The Chandelier bar was great, with great drinks, different drinks on each level, and surprisingly great decor.  Henry was a great place to grab lunch/brunch, and it was delicious fooding. . . I love coming to Vegas, and staying at the Cosmopolitan, made the trip that much better.  Highly Recommended.
The hotel is in prime location and is very trendy, but I think for the price you can find better on the Vegas strip (encore,pallazo,aria) the chandelier bar is really cool and in a prime people watching area. A corner suite is the way to go if you can!!
Never say never again...a title to an underrated Sean Connery Bond film or me eating my words and returning to the Cosmopolitan to stay and play?  The Cosmo had previously been my favorite property in Las Vegas and my preferred place to stay and play due to its solid service, beautiful facilities, comfortable rooms, outstanding cocktail lounges, and impressive restaurants.  However, after a disappointing stay on my last trip due to what I believed to be promises not kept, I vowed never to return.  Shortly after I got home and posted my review of the Cosmopolitan http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-cosmopolitan-of-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:B7vdaIN-AbD7RuPo3U7xCQ/src:self, I started receiving offers in the mail and email enticing me with a couple of comped nights to return.  Seeing as how the gf and I had been planning a Vegas vacation, we decided to take them up on the offer.  . . Upon our arrival, the Cosmo made a great first impression by having its customer service reps out in the lobby guiding guests to various front desk representatives to expedite check ins/check outs.  Although the front desk was crowded with guests engaged with most of the desk reps trying to check out, the lobby rep directed us to an open counter, which made our check in a snap.  More importantly, our room, a Terrace Studio (1886) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cosmopolitan-of-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=UM9CxbN2qVkSa-usgHLDGA#UM9CxbN2qVkSa-usgHLDGA,  was ready and waiting for us.  There's nothing like being able to go immediately up to your room after a long, early morning flight into Vegas!  Throughout our stay, the Cosmopolitan continued to show why it had been my favorite place in Vegas and why it had earned another chance with me.  Its strengths such as offering one of the best lineups for restaurants (Milos is outstanding for lunch) and definitely serving up the best selection of cocktails from its bars, specifically Vesper and Chandelier, of any Vegas property had not diminished.  The housekeeping staff was "invisible" to us during our stay.  We left each day with our room in need of housekeeping and came back in the evening (or early morning) with it reset. Cocktail service by the comely cocktail waitresses while at the gaming tables or machines was prompt and friendly.  The only critique item I have from our stay were the pillows on our otherwise comfortable bed.  The pillows were seemingly worn down, providing little support, and needed to be replaced.  Thankfully, I spent very little time in the room sleeping while there.. . The Cosmopolitan has returned to my good graces and I'll most likely stay there on my next trip to Vegas, especially if they continue to offer me comped stays.
I had visited the Cosmopolitan a couple months after it opened. I wasn't staying there, but I had wanted to go check it out. I made a vow on that day that I would come back and stay there. I made good on that promise last week. I had originally planned to go for my 40th birthday, but that fell through and I went this year for my 41st. Also, my friend who I traveled with is getting married in September, so it was a mini bachelorette getaway too.. . We were greeted upon arrival by the enthusiastic (but not annoyingly so) and helpful (and cute) Derek, who helped us get checked in. I had asked for a handicapped accessible city room and because there were no city rooms with accessibility available, we were upgraded to a terrace room at no extra cost. Pretty sweet. Here's a word of warning that I would've liked to have known beforehand: like many hotels, the Cosmopolitan does charge a hold to your credit card for incidentals. You will get this back 3-5 business days after your stay, but know that they charge $150 per night. For us, that ended up being $600. Thankfully, one of us had that to play with, otherwise, our trip would've been greatly curtailed.. . But back to the fun. After checking in, I stopped at the bell desk to rent a scooter (the mobility kind, not a Vespa). That went smoothly and quick and we were off to our room. The room was pretty great. There was a sitting area, with a foldout bed and TV, a refrigerator (which in our case seemed to want to make everything freeze, but it was still nice to have), a microwave, sink, and dishwasher. The main bedroom had a king size bed, another TV, and the sliding door to the terrace. Our terrace overlooked the Bamboo Pool and had views of MGM Grand and Crystals, as well as mountains in the distance. The bathroom had a shower stall and Japanese soaking tub, plus dual sinks and toiletries from C.O. Bigelow. . . We explored the hotel that night and really, it's just gorgeous at every turn. There are columns in the lobby with screens that change imagery every few minutes from fashion to flowers to slightly naughty silhouettes to books. The music is great and usually changes to match the images. Once in the casino, there is a tremendous chandelier, which extends across most of the floor and up to the 2 nd floor. There music there was a nice mix of new wave, post punk, and even a little garage rock. I'll review the restaurants and shops I went to on their own, but I do recommend the Henry and China Poblano.. . At the end of our stay, we were able to check out by phone (or TV) in our room, which was a great convenience.. . I'm so glad I got to stay at the Cosmopolitan. There is a level of glamour there, that, even on the Las Vegas strip, is unsurpassed. Frankly, the other luxury hotels in that area of the Strip look a bit chintzy by comparison. If you are looking for a splurge, the Cosmopolitan is for you.
Great venue with interactive contemporary art, designs and ambiance. Cramped smoky casino floors and a hipster crowd. Nice trained staff. Deep fitness room, tennis courts and a slender pool on 14fl.. Rooms nice, sexy baths. Auto-Refrigerators filled with overpriced items u don't need. Great views of the strip, Paris, Eiffel Tower and Bellagio fountains. Probably one of the best locales near the action.
There is a reason why Cosmo is more expensive than most hotels.. . This place is amazing. There is just a wow atmosphere the second you walk it. The decor is phenomenal. I love the use of flat screens too. The lighting is perfect.. . Just everything. Perfect. And, it's not just a great hotel, but a great place to eat and party.. . Love it.
Great valet service. Beautiful lobby and the rooms are great. If you know the history of the cosmopolitan on the amount of money was spent on this property you'll know why the place is so outlandish.
Great spot to stay plus it's a modern chic hotel. Do check out their spa on the 14floor!  Would stay here again next time!
One of my top favorite casino's to visit. I love the style of the place, the colors the theme everything just seems perfect.. has this kind of naughty kinky and luxury theme going on at the same time.. all around great selection of slots, table games even the parking garage is pretty cool being underground. Will def visit this place time and time again.
Upon entering the lobby there is definitely a WOW factor.  It has a very impressive decor which fortunately carried out throughout the entire hotel, casino, and my room.  The pool area is great as is the Chandelier bar in the center of the hotel.  My room was very nice with a nice balcony; it also had a microwave, kitchen sink, refrigerator, and (oddly) a dishwasher.  The bathroom was awesome with a great soaking tub and large, beautiful walk in shower.  The only downside is that there are not alot of options for low cost meals which is expected at a high end hotel, but nonetheless disappointing.  All in all, a great hotel.
One of the more beautiful, fancy schmancy Casinos/Hotels in Las Vegas. While it's the rooms are not ultra luxury, they are the only rooms with a balcony which gives you a great view of Vegas, especially if you get one of the top floors! Inside it's really chic and hip, with a more younger crowd at night since Marquee is one of the hottest nightclubs in the world. Highly recommended to stay here if you are a young person looking for some fun!
I have to say, the Cosmo is probably my favorite casino to just hang out in. They have amazing decor that just makes me feel happy and they always have a good band playing at the Chandelier bar. The gaming here is so so, I don't usually win, but their drinks are fantastic and taste fresher than the drinks at other casinos (read: non neon green sweet and sour syrup) and the drinks are full size which is awesome. The restaurants here are alright, the pizza is good and the buffet is good. I like to go here and just wander around enjoying all of the art and the cool decor. This place is a must visit while in Vegas, and, though I haven't stayed here because it's very pricey, it's in a great location that would be nice to stay in.
The restaurants in this hotel are totally amazing.. . As for the hotel lobby/casino/public walkways decor and stuff, this place is a bit too sterile and picture-perfect. Well strategized to catch the eye of those looking for perfectly wrapped packages with no trace of human input or creativity, for sure -- but is that not what Las Vegas is all about anyways?
Loved This hotel. Only complaint was the Marque club music thumped in our room all night
Definitely a nice swanky hotel. With it's modern decor, it's appealing to the younger/hip crowd that wants to do Vegas large. I stayed here for a bachelorette party and shared the room with a couple of girlfriends. It also works for a romantic weekend or if you just want to indulge and spoil yourself, when inSin City.. . The room was pretty large -  a terrace studio with two queen beds. Enough to accomodate two queens, a small sofa, armchair, coffee table, desk, huge bathroom, two closets and a kitchenette. In no way, did it feel crowded, even with the entire bachelorette party (about 12 girls) stuffed into our room to take shots before heading out. Lots of shots.. . From a bachelorette weekend standpoint, there were three benefits to staying here. The first was having the Marquee located in the hotel. No need for us to hail a taxi to drive out and come back. If there were any walks of shame, it was straight back to the hotel room. The second was the Boulevard Pool. Our second day there, we rented a day bed and scored some lounge chairs, under some palm trees, to recover from the previous night's activities. The last benefit was The Wicked Spoon. Nothing like ending a great party weekend with buffet food. I kid you not. I'm all about the buffet.. . Would I stay here voluntarily? Not necessarily. The hotel is pretty expensive. It averaged about $500 a night for our room. If it weren't for a friend who hooked it up because she stays here frequently, it wouldn't be my first choice of hotel. Then, there's the crowd to consider. It's definitely a party hotel and unless you don't plan on sleeping, you can hear crowds of folks going back to their rooms at all hours of the night. It is Vegas. Duh.
The Cosmopolitan is NEARLY PERFECT in every way. It's beautiful accented with crystal glam glitter and mesmerizing  hypnotic walls of strange moving pictures. They are in a really GREAT location and have and are very close to many VERY fine restaurants, shops and casinos and also a few that aren't so fine too and of course the Secret Pizza and SO MUCH MORE!. . I enjoyed most of my accommodations in my stay at the Cosmopolitan.. . Comfortable Bed, Good toiletries, Easy to work nice shower.. . But I need to mention we were erroneously charged for a snack from the mini bar. My husband noticed it on the online system and called. Right away they removed the charge from our bill. OK I guess that happens not a big deal as it was corrected right away.. . We weren't able to do the online check out because it was down. Again not a big deal as we were able to check out on the phone.. .                . . MY ONLY COMPLAINT is I feel the furniture in my room wasn't as clean as it should be. I've included photos of the suspicious stains on the desk chair and the different kind of suspicious stains on the sofa. . . That is the reason why I can't give this Beautiful over the top high end Gorgeous Property Five Stars.
The Cosmo seems like it took all the business away from the Palms Hotel. This place is sexy with young wild crazy women and non-stop action from the Marquee day and night club. I guess you can say I experienced a weekend different from the other Hotels in Vegas.
This hotel screams SEX. It is by far the sexiest place I'e stayed in Vegas so far. Don't stay here if you have kids. But, a great place with your significant other. We stayed in the 2 bedroom suite. A bit pricey (hence the 4 stars).
Definitely a top notch place.  Terrace Suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain was amazing.  Room was large.  Balcony was awesome.  No complaints on the room at all.    Deducting one star for the pool situation.  The pools are small and get really crowded and they don't really compare to some of the mega pools at the other Vegas resorts.   Other than that I thought this place was great and I'd definitely stay again.
Cosmo is very pretty and  surprisingly kind service comparing to the rest of the Vegas hotel.. The casino doesn't smell at all. it is clean and comfortable. The restaurants such as the burger place and the Wicked buffet are both very good. Love this hotel!
Great place for young people, night life, trendy.
Just the right amount of wrong! . . Thanks to my bf who gambled at the Cosmo a couple times, we were given comped rooms at the Cosmo for our last trip to Vegas in August. I've never stayed at the Cosmo prior and so I was pleasantly surprised with our stay. . . Check-in was a breeze and probably the quickest check-in experience I've had at any hotel. They also offered a $50 upgrade from a Terrace suite to a suite facing the Bellagio fountains with a jacuzzi tub. We passed on the offer since we figured we wouldn't be staying in our rooms for very long. The hotel clerk also mentioned that for hotel guests, entrance fees to all the clubs were comped from Monday-Friday! This is a huge plus for guys since it can cost a guy upwards of $75 just to get into Marquee on a Friday night! . . As we walked through the hotel up to our rooms, we saw many artwork and statues along the way. The whole feel of the hotel definitely caters towards the young business professional. Once we walked into our room, we were surprised how big it was! There was a tub, shower, bar area, living room area with a fold out sofa bed, and the main bedroom was separated at the end of the room with a king sized bed facing a spectacular view of Aria, and right below us was the pool. The entire room was beautifully decorated with ornate wallpaper, and Art Deco style artwork. . . My only concern for the room was that all the lighting were programmed in uniform so if you were to turn on the lights in the bathroom, the lights in the rest of the room would light up as well. This created a bit of a problem for us since my bf and I couldn't figure out how one of us could use the restroom without turning on the lights in the middle of the night to wake up the other person who's sleeping. . . As part of the hotel amenities, there's a gym and a pool area for guests. We were able to spend some quiet time relaxing by the pool, which I enjoyed glazing up at the spectacular views. The pool was separated from the day club so there were actual lounge chairs available without having to book a cabana. We didn't find the time for the gym which I'll definitely schedule for a short workout in the future since I heard they have a boxing ring in there!
FAVORITE HOTEL ON THE STRIP! I had my Bachelorette party here and the Cosmo was very accommodating to all 15 of us! I'm giving them 4 stars b/c they switched our room reservations 3 days before we were supposed to arrive - they fixed the issue, but not without some complaints. . . The Marquis pool party is one of the best pool parties I have been to & the Marquis night club is just beautiful and out of this world! If you like pink, black, & diamonds - then this is the place to be!
Great newer hotel on the strip. Very luxurious inside. I attended a conference her and it was put together very nicely. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. The casino floor was really clean and nice. You get tell they are trying to appeal to a higher class crowd. It can get pretty pricey in there. At night time this place really comes alive. At the entrance the have a bar called bond. At night time it features gogo dancers in cool masks. Was packed to the gills but great picture spot.
I heard about Cosmo and said "Okay, time to go check it out.". Spectacular view of the Bellagio's water show. It's worth upgrading to be on Bellagio view side. Marque club is out of this world with heated outdoor amphitheater. Restaurants have great selection from Sashimi to escargot to Kobe beef made to perfection.  . Great experience.
We had a view of the fountains, but the hum of the crappy small hotel next door drowned it out.  The most expensive buffet I have ever eaten at.  Decor was very cool.  I will try other places before I would go back again.
Stayed here twice, both for bachelorette parties. Def a girly, fun hotel. Decor is lovely and rooms are nice. The cool thing about this hotel is that they have balconies, I am not a smoker but my gfs who smoked loved this feature. . Only annoying this is the long walks from the room to the main floor, so easy to get lost too.
Beautiful hotel. Beautiful Rooms. Expensive as fuck. Small gambling area. Great Food. Great Club/ Day Club. Amazing Views and Concerts. Really Great Staff ... except the front desk... stayed here twice now and both times I got into fights with the front desk. They're slow at checking people in and they have attitude and try to upsell you on everything. They treat everyone (well, maybe not super rich or famous people) terribly and act like they're better than you. I almost punched one once. Also, I think some of them are touched in the brain because they don't listen to you when you speak and just keep saying the same thing over and over. All the other staff is GREAT, just not the front desk. The bell desk, room service, maids, valet, concierge, nightclub workers, bar tenders, cocktail waitresses, dealers, chefs, servers, cashiers.... everyone... just not the front desk..  Rooms (whether free or not) require $150 hold on your credit card for EACH night which is the highest I've ever seen. If your room is free, resort fee is comped, otherwise it's like $20. . The wrap around terrace suite is beautiful and has great views and laundry room, two bathrooms, super soft bed, living room, kitchen, hallway...Regular rooms are nice too. Room service breakfast is delicious and pretty much the same price as all the other casinos on the strip. Wicked Spoon is to die for.
This is a hotel I would definitely go back to! There are furnished balconies overlooking the Bellagio fountains (prob better views than some of their own). The rooms are modern and allow enough space to spend more than a few days comfortable without the room feeling like it is caving in..... great place to make a "love shack" yet close and central if you want to go out on the town! There is a living room area to make a great place when meeting friends in town who do not have a room with nothing more than beds. The staff is very friendly and the hotel decor throughout is a sight to see.
Both stays at The Cosmo, my experience was pretty surreal, like suddenly you've walked into a modern-day version of Logan's Run where everyone is beautiful, and under the age of 30. I've never seen such a high concentration of good-looking young folks in any other Vegas hotel. It was puzzling, disorienting, somewhat damaging to the self-conscious, but certainly pleasing to the eye.. . The wrap-around suites are great - undoubtedly the best I've ever come across in my stays in Vegas. There's a large balcony that wraps around the whole room, giving you astonishing views of the strip and the Bellagio fountain - especially if you're lucky enough to get a room on a high floor. Not to mention, there's a washer, dryer, and full kitchen set-up, which I can see being incredibly useful if you're staying for more than just a couple nights.. . Lots of good establishments around the hotel - Chandelier Bar is, on a visual scale, my favorite bar in Las Vegas. Restaurants like Holsteins and STK make for good lunch and dinner stops. It's worth noting the casino only had $25 minimum blackjack tables - for scaredy cat gamblers like me, best to stick to the $10 MGM tables.. . The front desk customer service is iffy. I've not personally had any big issues, but one couple in the group we traveled with were told their room wasn't available (despite booking weeks in advance). The front desk played it off as it would be free in a couple hours, and that they'd call back. The call never came and despite them checking in with Cosmo every couple hours, they were without a room all the way until the following day. Seeing their bad experience was pretty unsettling.
Awesome hotel and very friendly staff. Parking is great b/c they tell you how many spots are left on each floor. Great shopping in Cosmo and fun gaming all around. There's a shop on the 2nd floor with the best macaroon's ever!!!
Great hotel, the casino can be a bit claustrophobic since it wasn't designed as a Casino to begin with. The rooms on the other hand are fantastic and the staff is excellent. The dining is also good, many good options from Jose Andres to Scarpetta. This is probably my #3 hotel of choice in vegas as of 2013.
Since I work for a hotel in Scottsdale, I have very high expectations and I'm constantly judging other hotels. . I knew the Cosmo would be pretty great but my mind was blown.. When I made my reservation over the phone, the woman who I spoke with was great. She was really helpful and even explained that they had a deal going on that included a $150 gaming and f&b credit. I was sold.. We get to the hotel Sunday at around 11am and the line at the front desk is insanely long. We checked our bags and our bellman told us that we should try to check in early so we went for it. Andrea at the front desk was so friendly even though they were slammed with guests trying to check in. She had no problem checking us into our room at 11:45. . So we get into our beautiful City View room and I was pretty impressed except for the fact that we had no tub :( the woman I spoke with said we would have a 'Japanese soaking tub'. I was upset but I looked past it and we went down to the Marquee pool party which was so amazing despite the not so great weather. Our bartender Shawna was so sweet and friendly. After a great time at the pool, we went back to the room and I had still been upset about not having a tub and was even willing to pay an upgrade to get a tub in my room. I called guest services and spoke with Danielle Marie. What an amazing girl. I explained the situation about how id wanted a tub and after a few minutes, she had upgraded me, complimentary, to a terrace room just right above our current room! She made me feel like we were the only ones in the entire hotel and was the true definition of hospitable. . . The only reason I give this hotel a 4 starts is because it took the bellman well over 50 minutes to bring us our bags and it took the housekeeping about 45 minutes fornew towels :\. Besides that, the hotel was perfect. All the restaurant were fabulous, all the people I spoke with at Identity were very knowledgable and I can not wait to come back! Thank you everyone at Cosmopolitan for making my trip extremely special.
Was here on a vacation trip in September and enjoyed my time here.. . Great balcony view overlooking the Bellagio fountains.. . Love the toiletries of this hotel. Lavender peppermint, it's awesome! Oh, and get the lip balm from housekeeping. It's good n keeps your lips fm cracking under Vegas sun.
I had a pretty great experience here. I was at a conference during the week, starting on Sunday mid-day. The rooms weren't ready from the packed weekend, so we ate at the Wicked Spoon upstairs while we waited for them to text us that our room keys were active. I'll give a separate review of how frigging amazing the brunch was.. . You can see the pic below of the view from my room. I don't know if it was the conference rate (sxsw v2v), or if the week day price is always good, but I had a big, nice suite for 180 a night, and the private balcony faced the Bellagio fountains and the strip. My bathroom had a large spa tub and vast walk-in shower.. . Everything was very luxurious, but there was food left in the microwave from the previous tenant. I called about it, and it was promptly removed by a very friendly member of their staff. They were great about the whole thing, and though I had picked up things from the mini bar (not knowing that I would get charged immediately), they removed the charges. Don't touch anything unless you want to pay for it! . . The accommodations and service were excellent. We dined at most of the restaurants and cafes in the hotel, I saw much of the conference space, and we had some drinks at the bars. It has a great central location, but the casino is definitely lacking. Just kind of blah. . . Regardless of the minor shortcomings, I will definitely be staying here again.
I am following up on my very unhappy review that I wrote 10/22/2013.   I'm the gal who was in 5647 and yelped about my dirty room - here is an update with a happy ending.. . The following morning after I had yelped about my dirty room, I received 2 calls one from Zahra, guest services and Brian, resort manager.  They both apologized and expressed concerns that my room was not up to the standards I expected and immediate worked together to rectify my situation.  They pleasantly offered to upgrade me but I was already unpacked for my convention week and really didn't want to got through the hassle of repacking my clothes, work docs, computer and essentials to move to another floor and room.  I just wanted my room to be clean and vacuumed when I returned - that's all.   They reassured me that they would address my concerns with the head of housekeeping and make sure that my room was to the standards that I was expecting for a 4-5 star hotel.. . I have to tell you, when I walked into my room that evening - you could SMELL how clean the room was and yes, my room got vacuumed, the shower stall got scrubbed out thoroughly, there were no more dust bunnies anywhere and no spot stains on the bathroom counter/mirror.  On top of that, Brian and Zahra sent up a fruit bowl, gift basket and enough toiletries for me and my roommate to share.  (We weren't able to use it all and are donating them to a local Women's Shelter)  Evening housekeeping was thoughtful to empty out my trashcan, straighten up the room while I was away for dinner and put out my robe/house slippers which I used every night.  . . There were other extra touches that Brian provided which I truly appreciated and made my stay even more enjoyable.  The Cosmo definitely turned around my opinion of their housekeeping standards and I will return again for a personal stay with my husband for our anniversary month in January - he's looking forward to it as I told him it was the nicest hotel I've stayed in, in Las Vegas!  . . I also want to say that The Wicket Spoon Buffet was so good I went back for a total of 3 times, twice for dinner and the last morning before I checked out, I went to their breakfast buffet thanks to my youngest son who recommended me to go there.  Well worth it!. . Thank you Brian and Zahra for giving me the best customer service and experience, making my stay comfortable and pleasurable, taking great care to provide me the 5 Star experience I heard so much about!   . . See you soon!!!
Unfortunately there were Culinary Protesters picketing for rights to have a contract. Go Union. Beautiful Hotel. Good Bloody Mary.
Whenever I go to vegas, my go to hotel is cosmopolitan! It's very modern and embellished beautifully. Depending on what season you go, they have entertainment for you (summer: marquee day club... winter: ice skating).. . For the rooms, request for a fountain view room, you can watch the fountain from your room and it's a spectacular view (even a fake eiffel tower)! I feel like the decor of the room is cheap compared to what the outside is like.. . Be sure to try the secret pizza spot! The slices are HUGE perfect for midnight munchies.
Very nice casino. Pays to keep you playing and the attendants are very courteous. Machines keep you smiling and happy, unlike the Paris or Bally's.
I travel to Las Vegas several times per year and find most of the venues either tacky, tired, or trying too hard.  The Cosmopolitan was a breath of fresh air.  Nicely decorated rooms, great gaming space,  fantastic dining options, and a friendly outgoing staff all come together to provide a top notch experience.  . . If you stay on property, the rooms and suites facing the strip are spacious, stylish, and have fantastic views of the Strip.. . Good luck.
Well, this is a nice hotel.  Great location, updated rooms and for the most part clean (hallways and elevator areas, not so much - lots of stained carpet).   The bathrooms are huge, great showers and soaking tubs.  If it wasn't so expensive I would say this is the place to stay if you and your wife are in town (unless you can afford it of course).   For me, I would love to stay here again but probably won't as there are other hotels in the area (probably just as nice) for less money.   I also wouldn't tell you not to stay here either because it is a very nice hotel.
This is one of the newer resorts on the strip. It is clean, is is modern and chic without having that sterile feeling so many new age designs instill. I was impressed with this hotel and how inviting it felt, even though it is still a swanky hotel, more for party's and clubbing than a quite retreat. The atmosphere is nice, it is bustling, but never makes you feel rushed or uncomfortable. I signed up for their rewards program and got $25 free to play on the slots, so naturally I played video poker and won $14 from nothing, a good day indeed. Overall, this would be a place to consider the next time I am in Vegas.
Nice, Trendy. Overall great place, I'm a fan. Lot's to see. Drinks are deadly good here.
Really nice hotel with great amenities .... lucked out and stayed in a nice suite overlooking the Bellagio water fountain.  Walls are well insulated so not noisy at all.  Has one of the best buffets (Wicked Spoon) and some great restaurants and bars (Chandelier).  Has the very convenient sky walk way so you can cross the street and get to Walgreens :)  Valet service was always very quick and easy.. . My only knock would be the lack of a good sports book.
Love the hotel but the slots are horrible. Great food best anywhere but I don't come to Las Vegas to eat but to gamble. I don't care much about tables but slots. Wheel of fortune machines don't pay out. I went to Planet Hollywood and played. Machines were much better.
Super nice..."party" hotel.. Smells nice.. Clean..and Lisa at the Identity membership was super friendly and knowledgable about the hotel and what it has to offer... . . Whenever I come to Vegas.. I always stay here
Ultra hip and contemporary casino hotel...one of the best stays in our travels.  Love the cool visuals throughout the hotel.  Fish swim with you on your elevator ride.  We arrived late, and were upgraded to a suite overlooking the strip and the Belligio fountains.  The suite was ultra modern, featured 2 flat screen tv's, full bath and a work/study area.  It was as large as our first home!     Four stars only because the room staff forgot to give us towels or face cloths both days!  A great stay nevertheless.
Beautiful hotel, extremely friendly dealers & other staff.  Had the corner suite without the upgraded view which gave only a mediocre view off the balcony.  The room was very clean & the bed was super comfortable.  Great location across from the Miracle Mile shops.
I spent two nights at the Cosmo and my experience has been positive.  The suite we had was simply amazing.  The room was spacious and the balcony in our suite was a bonus.  Navigating around Cosmo may be a little difficult especially when you are inebriated.  However, the casino is on par with the other popular hotels in the strip.  Marquee nightclub was a little disappointing and the layout is also unique, so you may not see your friends for the rest of the night.  Despite that, I love Cosmo.  It is in the middle of the strip.  The rooms are extraordinary.  One small thing... there are three windows that look into the shower/bath.  No problem, if you're a couple.  Make sure the blinds are closed, if you are going with your friends though. I also had time to check out the fitness center in the West Wing.  Definitely the nicest hotel gym I've seen.  The equipment is new and clean.  They even had a boxing ring in one of the rooms.
This is a really cute hotel. Its really hip. I walked into the room and OMG. I had to take a picture. The room also had a see through shower. LAAAVVVV IT! there is a shade though for privacy. I'm gonna need to come back and do some sexy time if you know what i mean ;). . This is a great room for girls. There are mirrors every where. I would hate when I would go to a hotel with my girls and we'd fight for a mirror to get ready. I wish the lighting was better though.
The Cosmo is THE place to stay in Vegas! I barely even left during my most recent trip because the restaurants are all amazing and the atmosphere can't be beat. I like that they provide high-end products for hotel guests (CO Bigelow) and the robe in the room was so comfortable. . . My only complaint the used condom wrapper I found on the floor next to the bed from a former guest.
Nice place with amazing views. Too much partying in the hallways.
Stayed in an attaching suite for a friends b day.  Full living room and huge closet! Valet service was very fast and on point every time. Wicked spoon buffet is definitely worthy of a try. This place is quality & I will be back!
Nice spacious rooms. First time we stayed here we where at the West side .A room over looking the pool . King size bed,  It had a receiving area and kitchenette,  my favorite was the Japanese square tub, it was set up in such a way you had views of the City. .  This time we are on the East side , 24th floor, over looking Bellagio fountain and the replica of the Eiffle tower.  This room is so much bigger, it has a guest shower/ toilet and a master bathroom.  It also has the kitchenette,full size refrigerator,   receiving room and little dining area.  Huge balcony. . . Both rooms where very clean. I like their toiletries,  it's C.O. Bigelow.  Co-stars (what they call their staff) are very nice and efficient.  you call for house keeping and they're immediately at your door with whatever you requested. . . Beds are nice and comfy.
Very nice hotel. Didn't have a lot of time to really enjoy the amenities, but the room was excellent, clean, comfortable. I would definitely stay there again and hopefully have more time to explore a little more.
One image comes to mind when I think about this hotel: Miley Cyrus 2013 VMA Performance!. . This place is a comical, crazy fun, madhouse! So much to see and do and hear. It's a sure win for sensory overload! Definitely not for the demour or siddity types, or those coming to Vegas for peace and quiet.
I've been DREAMING of staying at the Cosmopolitan since it opened.  It's a beautiful property that I find so opulent that it kind of makes me feel like I'm playing dress up at a grown up party, but I love it.  And then the miraculous happened, Cosmo sent me an offer for two free nights?  Shut the Front Door!  I immediately booked it.. . I knew that I might be setting myself up for disappointment with my high expectations, but I couldn't help it, I was super excited.  . . Check in was a breeze.  There was no line and we were able to check in earlier than the 3pm check in because they had rooms available.  We unloaded our luggage at the valet area with the assistance of a bell person.  What was a huge disappointment was that the Cosmopolitan apparently has a rule that you cannot bring your own alcohol or coolers into your room.... what?   That was a new one on me.  We ALWAYS bring a cooler so we can have cold drinks in our room and we always bring some beers with us.  Doesn't everyone?  So, luckily, the bell person was helpful after explaining that rule and we did end up bringing our cooler with us and some drinks.  What was weird is that in the room there is a small kitchenette, including a refrigerator, but of course, it's stocked with items for purchase.  HATE THAT.  Also, there was a dishwasher in the kitchenette, but nothing to wash in it except a couple of glasses with the bar set and there was a sink, but no towels or bar cloths.  Really strange.. . The Parking Garage is COOL.  ON each floor you can easily see where vacant parking spots are based on what color the light over the parking spot is.  LOVED IT.  Just be sure you know which tower you're staying in (East or West) so you can park on the right side of the garage!. . That said, the room was very nice.  The bathroom was gorgeous and huge and the room had a living room with work area (and the aforementioned kitchenette) and then a bedroom area and they were separated by a low wall.  Of course there was a small balcony, about 10x4.  It was a comfortable room and included robes and slippers - love that.  But, while it was a really nice room and very modern and "hip", it really wasn't any more fancy or special than rooms I've stayed in at the Palazzo or the M.  Unfortunately, I ended up being sick for my trip so I was very happy to have a comfy bed and pillows and TWO tvs, one in the living area and one in the bedroom area.. . I reallllly loved the bathroom amenities; they provide C.O. Bigelow products in the lavender peppermint scent and I liked all of them!  There is both a HUGE shower that was WONDERFUL and a bathtub with air jets to give you a Jacuzzi type experience.  I used it all!  I loved the bathtub and it was the perfect size and shape for me, but I don't know if it would be as wonderful for a taller person.  For me, HEAVEN!  I wanted to pick up that bathroom and plop it down in my own house!. . They have the lighting buttons that allow you to turn everything on or off with one touch, which can be handy and we discovered USB chargers on the television with only regular plugs on the desk. and extra plugs next to each side of the bed, which is appreciated.  With your $25/night resort fee, you get WiFi in your room. . We only dined in one restaurant, The Holstein Burger place, during our visit due to just being busy with other plans and we visited the Vesper Bar, which I really loved.  I was excited to find that due to the ice skating at the Boulevard Pool, they actually had the Hot Tub open up there, so we took advantage of that.  We had been told it would be closed, so that was cool.  It was COLD outside, but still wonderful in the hot water!  That was pretty much the extent of the amenities that we took advantage of during out stay.. . Overall, I thought it was a really nice room and I enjoyed my stay there.  I'd love to stay there again, but oops... I didn't get a chance to do any gambling there on this trip, so unlikely I'll get another offer and I'm too cheap to pay the prices for these rooms when I can stay at my timeshare across the street!
Best place I have stayed in Vegas thus far. Beautiful, spacious, elegant, and sexy. Exceptional customer service.. . Pros- one bedroom suite upgrade for my birthday was very very nice- GORGEOUS views of the Blvd. Robes and slippers, delicious food and room service, beautiful room and hotel. Burger place on the 2nd floor was yummy. Spa tub in room was so so lovely.. . Cons- minor issue was that check in process Saturday afternoon (busy day) and getting our car from valet on Sunday was a long wait. But the room and hospitality made up for it! I would love to see an easier speaker set up for iphones/ipods. Lighting in room was a little confusing but otherwise nice. TV console area didn't work, so that was a bummer.. . Overall incredible time at the Cosmopolitan and would love to return/recommend to all. Wish they had more deals so I could stay again for less money- this was for my 30th birthday so went a little wild.
This is a very modern and hip hotel/casino/entertainment venue.  We did not stay here, but loved the atmosphere of the casino/entertainment areas. The open atrium features Chandelier, a place known for its cocktails and the super sparkly crystal "walls"--I could have been happy just drinking cocktails and watching the crowd all night.. . Another neat feature, due to visiting in December,  was the roof-top pool overlooking the strip was converted into an ice skating rink.  The entire area was a winter wonderland, with the bar serving up warming beverages, and heaters to make sitting around the conversation areas, and picnic tables, comfortable.  I did not partake in the skating (booze and balancing on blades does not work for me), but many people were enjoying it.  Also very great place to watch others--especially those who are lining up for Marquee.. . The Liberace display is really neat as well.  Check this place out, if only to see the amazing interior and the crowds of people.
So I was back again to the Cosmopolitan because honestly...I'm a fan. Everything was wonderful...the room was nice and spacious, the customer service was great. ALL EXCEPT ONE INCIDENT.. . I had just came back to the hotel with my girlfriends when this wannabe-cop-security guy demanded we show him I.D. Ok...I asked for him to show some identification...it's Vegas any guy can be walking around a hotel asking to see some I.D. He said he was security for the hotel. Ok we all gave him our I.D. He asked why were were at the hotel. EXCUSE ME!? I told him we were guest at the hotel and I demanded why we were being asked for identification. He refused to talkto us as he was on the radio with some other incompetent security man I assume. After finally clarifying we were on the radio he let us know that there had been an incident involving two black females, One with a black skirt and one with black leggings. Two things here..I was wearing a black dress that reached my shins....black skirt? Hmm what school did you go to? Two my friend was wearing grey leggings...ah yes I can see you may have been colorblind dear incompetent security man. Two the way he went about demanding to see identification I felt that he was targeting us as if we were criminals. I let him know that his mannerisms and his tone of voice was not acceptable considering we were paying guests of the hotel. His response was "If you feel offended because I asked to see identification something must be wrong with you." Are you serious right now? As an African-American woman in a high-end hotel if someone just comes up to you and demand you show identification without being told why prior would you not feel like you were being targeted? I actually in my anger smiled a little because my friend was just standing there shaking her head at him saying, "You are going to wish you never said that my friend." Yeah I've gotten a couple people fired from their jobs for things they've said to me. Do I feel bad? NOPE!. . The head of security was very calm with me after I spoke very passionately (yelling at the top of my lungs) about this security guy who would do better handing out flyers to tourists on the strip. I filed a formal complaint and will definitely follow-up about what will be done. I certainly will make sure that this type of incompetence is never experienced myself at the Cosmo again...especially from SECURITY. . .  Ugh...Cosmopolitan in the day of the over-saturated job market I'm absolutely positive that you could find another security guard who doesn't think he's working for the Vice/Drug sector of the Vegas PD. . . Other than that night it was a good trip and after this whole thing gets straightened out I will definitely be back again!
WOW!  If you are a young professional who makes money and has class but still wants to have fun, this is your place.  This is where you stay when you leave your twenties and finish staying at the Hard Rock or Planet Hollywood.  Very swank inside with great architecture.  Marquee night club is super hot.  I didnt stay here but I am going to know that I know its here.  I have stayed at the Wynn and its just too stuffy and elitist where the Cosmo is sleek and sexy and you can have fun.
Stayed 2 nights in December 2013. Room, East tower, 65th floor overlooking the Strip. Great.!!!!! Room was well set up and appointed. Balcony was a nice touch.. Would definetly stay again. Tried different resteraunts, all good.
This is probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas! We came in a group, so they offered each room a $50 dollar credit to spend anywhere in the hotel!. . Pros: Their bed is so, so comfortable as they use down. One thing to note is that that they use the glass shower as a wall. The glass is slightly tinted, but the blinds are located on the outside. It was an interesting touch tho haha. They have decent security as you need a key card to get anywhere in the hotel.. . Cons: The only thing I was disappointed in was that the outlets were kind of janky. For such a pricey room you should really fix that.
The floral scented O2 they pump into the casino is better than the bold coffee scent Aria pumps into theirs. 4 stars. Rooms are more posh too.
I stayed at this hotel this past labor day weekend. The hotel was jam packed with people - in a good way. Everywhere had young people mid twenties early thirties who were looking to party, and have fun. Live music by the bars, as well as a DJ in another bar.. COSMO is THE  "young" "party" hotel right now in vegas. The hotel is loaded with great restaurants, clubs, amazing pools and amenities. One pool for partying one pool for relaxing.. . Cosmo is the posh hotel in vegas right now, or "hot" hotel, so the prices are going to be more expensive than other hotels out there. . . The decor of the hotel, and pools are not as EPIC, Grandiose or Amazing, as the other hotels such as Caesars, Bellagio, or ARIA, and the rooms while more expensive are smaller and are not as nice. . . I know this is redundant, but with COSMO your paying to weed out the riff-raff that the cheapers hotels do not. You are surrounded by younger people looking to party rather than honey mooners and old people. . . So in conclusion if you are a big group of single women, or single men looking to party this place is perfect. If your married, on your honey moon, on a business trip or so, I would recommend MANDALAY BAY or other hotels with activities besides "partying".
