Most of the menu at Julian Serrano is tapas with the exception of the Paella. We had a group of 4 and had some difficulty ordering so we simply had the waiter do so for us. . . While we were waiting we had some drinks and I have to say that I was impressed with the selection of everything they had. My favorite of the night was the Tito's Homemade Vodka. This is the first time I've heard of it and it was excellent on the rocks. . . The big downside to the tapas here is that the portions are relatively small. Since they were so small I can't even begin to get into the number of things we ordered but you can pretty much point to something on the left side of the menu and we had it. We LOVED everything minus the Tuna-Raspberry Skewers...the two just don't go together. All 5 of us did share all of the tapas so we basically got a taste of everything. I would recommend either not coming here with a big appetite or if you want to share, just doing so with one other person. . . We finished the meal with the Valenciana Paella. The Paellas are made for 2 people (so they say) and we asked that they make one large one for the table. The one we got was rather large and we each took a quarter of it. It was just enough to fill a small bread plate...to give you an idea of how "large" the large is. . . Overall, great service, excellent food...but small portions.
We recently went to Vegas & stayed at the beautiful Aria Hotel. The hotel boasts six restaurants & this is one of them. Tapas have been really trendy the last five years & so many tapas restaurants fall short of executing really good Tapas dishes. But this is Julian Serrano! I couldn't help myself so we bee-lined there Saturday night.  The decor is bright &  there are lots of mirrors. I don't really like watching myself eat & it seemed every time I looked around I caught a glimpse of either myself or someone else stuffing their face!!  So this isn't the most intimate place in terms of being romantic. Tables are pretty close together!! In fact we felt like the people next to us were with us!! LOL! Drink menu is impressive & the sangria is refreshing & delicious. They have some nice beers, tequilas & spanish wines too. In fact the wine list is very impressive. Now the food which I was very impressed with. We shared everything & we started out with the mixed seafood ceviche which had octopus, shrimp & whitefish. This was so fresh & the simplicity of the lime & cilantro really highlighted the fish. Next the gambas, sauteed shrimp, garlic & arbol chilis. This was fantastic too.We decided to try the "new" tapas so we went with the lobster-pineapple skewer w/ "molecular" pineapple & sesame oil. This was not one of my favorites. molecular food can be tricky & I am kind of sick of the foam or gelatin type textures when chefs introduce this food. The lobster was delicious but the molecular part  which was the pineapple had a weird texture. Not my fave but still good.. The cheese platter is fantastic and it has cabrales, goat, la serena & manchego to name a few. The stuffed dates, olives & gazpacho were all fantastic. One of my faves was the escalivada which has roasted eggplant, red pepper, onion & tomato.  The service was just okay but the place was really busy so I will cut them some slack.. So my ratings are as follows:. . Ambiance: 4 stars. Service: 4 stars. Menu: 5 stars. Food: 5 stars. Would I go back...absolutely!!
I would give this 5 stars except the paealla is not that great. . . As for everything else on the menu, it's as good as anything I've had in my limited Tapas experiences.  Gotta have the potatoes bravas - their sauce is just so much better than a place like Firefly (which I like).  Try the beef and cheese dish too - really tasty.  Chorizo and egg dish is nice too - super rich with browned potatoes.. . Usually not a drinker, but the sangria there is really delicious.  I seriously could drink 2 pitchers myself.  Atmosphere is great - prices are high end so expect to pay at least $50 if not more.  Depends on how many dishes you wanna go for.  As I've said before, pass on the paealla.  Kind of bland.
Our party of 8 ordered 26 dishes and every single one was excellent.. . Highlights included: White Ceviche, Lobster-Pineapple Skewers, Pan Manchego, Creamy Risotto and the Beef and Cheese. But the crowd favorite was the Brava Potatoes, crispy potato cubes served piping hot topped with spicy tomato and creamy alioli sauce. We also agreed the Huevos Estrellados is probably the best hangover dish ever invented. . . Do not ignore dessert here. Treat yourself to the churros with spicy hot chocolate or the bunuelos - sugar coated donut holes served with butterscotch caramel dipping sauce. Yum, I could go for those right now. . . Price point is high - you'll spend $14 for 4 Lobster-Pineapple skewers, however you are in Vegas and the food is sooo tasty. A pitcher of their refreshing red sangria and suddenly it's easy to justify spending so much on the indulgent meal.  . . We really enjoyed our 2 hr dinner in this bright and airy modern restaurant. Service was excellent, noise level was tolerable and the food will bring all of us back next time we're in Vegas.
Sangia, desserts, and tapas yayyyy.... Just think "Firefly" but, $EXPEN$IVE$ ... did I mention that it's expensive? lol. . In general, I think when it comes to tapas, the best thing to do is go with a group of people so, you can sample (SAMPS) a lot of different things. It's a good thing we came here for a business meeting.. . My faves were:. -the lamb: we all know how much I love that!. -Estrealladose: I think that's how you spell it? It's basically fries with a fried egg on top. And lemme tell you: AMAZING!!! So simple, so rich, and soooo heart attack city (but, let's not think about that) I'd think this would be the greatest hangover food. ever. in. life.. -lava cake: super rich...you can never go wrong with chocolate!. -the donut pieces with caramel and choco dipping sauce: mmmMMmm, the sauces were kinda spicy...not hot (temperature), hot (spicy!). . . Oh, I almost forgot, the bathrooms teach you phrases in various foreign languages...lol I'm not kidding. It's kinda funny to be washing your hands and learn to say "I love you" in Spanish...
Having a vegetarian in tow to a tapas restaurant is sure to challenge the menu. My theory held true. It's tough to share and also find value / variety for both. So, in a surprise move for me at a tapas bar, I ordered the chicken breast entree. It had a flavorful glaze and was well prepared. The potato and sausage side was delicious, if a bit too rich when mixed with a dollop of truffle butter. My bad! For $24, I could not have had a better value or been as satisfied had I ordered off the tapas menu.
I love this place and go here every time I'm in Vegas.. . It does get pricey but their tapas are intricate and delicious.. . My favorite is the seafood Gazpacho that comes with a little ball filled with some gazpacho and bursts in your mouth when you bite it.. . I also love their white asparagus dish, the lamp chops, and of course their manchego cheese sandwich with egg.. . I can't wait to go back!
We had the ahi tuna and raspberry skewers and thought they were amazing!  Not many people seem to be a fan, but I loved the unique combination of flavors.. . We also ordered the gazpacho because I'm obsessed with it, and this dish did not disappoint!  The best part was this parmasean cheese ball with yumminess inside!  We were trying to share it, so I cut it in half which made it difficult to eat but did not detract from the yummy sauce inside.. . We had a couple other non-memorable things but we were still not full.  My boyfriend luckily asked the waiter what he would recommend.  The mussles.  Oh.  Em.  Gee.  The best $9 I didn't spend!  I swear the pot  they brought out with the mussles in a most scrumptious sauce was bottomless.  We must have each had at least 15 mussles.  What a deal!  . . Thedecor is bright and whimsical and I want to tile my future kitchen in those same exact colors!
Just about everything in the Aria is fantastic, and Julian Serrano is no exception. I am not crazy about tapas, but I have an appreciation for unique combination of flavors and textures. The best part of my dining experience was the great selection of wine and spirits.
We had a very nice dinner here.  The lobster gazpacho was very nice. We also enjoyed the crispy pancetta iberica, the charcuterie, and a rabbit dish. We had reservations so our table was more in the back and very comfortable.We bought an older bottle of  wine and received attentive service from the Sommelier.
This is probably about a 3.5 - but I am going to give this guy some benefit of the doubt based on some extremely strong ceviche. A friend recommended this to me, so I made it the last dinner stop of my Las Vegas eating tour.. . I started with the mixed ceviche, a mix of white fish, shrimp, and octopus with minced bell pepper and rings of thin sliced red onion in a strong lime broth with plenty of heat. Magnificent. The seafood was delicious, with great variation in texture from one meat to another. I tell you, I ate the red onion...on purpose...simple because it was in the broth. I hate red onion. So this is a major compliment. I almost ordered another one.. . That was followed by the poorly named "beef and cheese" which is actually a tenderloin medallion cooked medium rare, topped with a slice of good brie, in a honey sauce with pecans sprinkled over top. The sauce did not over power, the nuts were a nice add, and the beef was cooked just right with incredible flavor. Really delicious. I also ordered some of the wild mushroom risotto, which, while it was actual risotto, was actually just a tad underdone for my taste. It did have nice big pieces of mushroom, as well as a nice slice of manchego cheese - I actually could have done with more cheese, as the umami sets off the earthy mushrooms well.. . Finally, molten chocolate cake with blood orange ice cream, ordered on the basis of that ice cream alone. Unfortunately, it really was not very distinguishable from orange sherbet when it arrived. Perhaps if it had been a sorbet. It didn't have the strong dark flavor I associate with blood orange...I think I was really hoping for a sorbet, with a cleaner taste. The cake itself was good, very dense and very rich. Also came out very hot - I almost burned my tongue.. . In the end, I'm happy about this recommendation. I like being able to try lots of things, that ceviche was dynamite, and my waiter was very helpful as well. Very good experience.
Yes!. . The Octupus was the best I ever had.  Top notch tapas.  The service was friendly and professional.  It is worth the trip, and worth the money.
The decor is generic and way too effin' noisy, but the food is wonderful.. I had a roasted salmon tapas dish with truffle something ... divine. I also had a cheese plate so exquisite it caused me to moan out loud. My companions had a bunch of different things that were delicious as well, but to be frank I was in such a stupor over my La Serena soft sheep's milk cheese that the roof could have fallen in and I wouldn't have noticed.
Don't get overwhelmed by the endless amount of yummy tapas that Julian Serrano has to offer. Everything on the menu is delicious!! Here is a quick rundown of the different things I had and their individual star rating.. . 1. Lobster-pineapple skewer -  lobster tail with pineapple and covered with sesame oil - Star Rating * *. . 2. Seared scallop in a romesco sauce - Star Rating * * * . . 3. Sauteed baby spinach with pine nuts, raisins, apples, and shallots - Star Rating * * * * . . 4. Marinated olives - Star Rating * * . . 5. Pintxo de chorizos, which are mini spanish pork chorizo over garlic mashed potatoes in a garlic sauce - Star Rating * * * * * . . 6. Beef and cheese - prime tenderloin topped with cheese, honey, and pecans - Star Rating * * * * . . 7. Grilled angus flat iron steak with japanese eggplant and a mushroom demi - Star Rating * * * * *. . 8. Red Wine Sangria - Star Rating * * * * * . . Again, I think anything you get here will be delicious. And if it's not, it's okay. Tapas are small plates that you share, so just pawn it off to someone else and dig into the next dish.
great idea to have small portions of everything and to share with everyone else on the table.. waitstaff was great, although we had to wait for our table- and we had reservations- but the food and drink was worth it, loved the salmon with truffle- melt in your mouth salmon and the chewy portabello underneath was a great compliment and the pintxo de chorizo was heavenly. when we go back to vegas, i'm bringing the family!
Had dinner here with a good friend.  Have always passed this by on prior visits to Aria and never gave it a 2nd thought.  When he suggested Tapas for dinner, I was excited to give this joint a try.. . The menu isn't as extensive as other Tapas restaurants, but the quality is exceptional.  We ordered:. . - Brava Potatoes (Spicy Tomato, Alioli Sauce, $8). - Creamy Risotto (Wild Mushroom, Manchego Cheese, Natural Jus, $10). - Pan Tomate (Toasted Bread, Fresh Garlic, Tomato Sauce, $6). - Spanish Tortilla (Potatoes, Eggs, Onions, $8). - Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (Goat Cheese, Mushrooms, $10). - Stuffed Dates (Almond, Applewood Bacon, Spicy Piquillo Pepper Sauce, $8). - Bunuelos (Spanish Doughnuts, Butterscotch, Caramel, $8). . The Brava Potatoes were OK.  They had good flavor, but were very filling.  I don't recommend having this if you want to try more than a couple of items....this is a gut-buster.. . The Creamy Risotto was awesome!  I finished it off in no time.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=lMySncNeWzMMnVjutvUdYw. . The Pan Tomate was pretty good....an excellent start for the meal.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=GGXY6sUnEQD0-tlpUFHM_w. . The Stuffed Piquillo Peppers were my favorite...yum!  They cooked just right and the sweet and savory flavor of the Peppers went perfectly with the Goat Cheese and Mushrooms.  I could eat a large plate of those, easily.. . My friend had the Stuffed Dates and the Spanish Tortilla.  He enjoyed both of them.. . The other highlight of my evening was the Bunuelos.....damn, these were good!  The Caramel Butterscotch dipping sauce went perfectly with the Spanish Doughnuts.  I love how they have the toothpicks for easy dipping/eating.  They are addicting too because I can't get my mind off of them.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=6365pbJb9_eE-Hj_kxdMtw. . Overall, it was a great meal and good times.. . Return Factor - 90%
Was there on a Friday night with some out of town friends.  Just came back from the M Hotel on the outskirts and then headed here.  Reservation was at 9pm which was fine.. . Arrived, they walked us through to the back of the restaurant near a huge wall display.  Told the waiter it was our first time here and he guided us through the tapas and made suggestions.  We settled on about 5-6 various tapas with a bottle of Champagne.  Wonderfully done.  Service was prompt, as soon as one plate was empty it was cleared and the next tapas brought to the table.  Glasses were kept filled as they should have been and we didnt have to do a thing.  Wonderful.. . Main course came, we ordered two variations of paella, one traditional and one with lobster.  Along with this a lovely Rioja that just fit together very well with the food.  One thing that amazed me, either time passed very slowly with the appetizers or we went into time warp but the paella came out quickly.   Couldnt have been more than 15 minutes, and the restaurant was full.. . One thing I do remember was the bathroom.  Nice music inside, clean and as it should be.  I was impressed, and if I'm impressed with the bathroom, imagine how the restaurant is.. . Really well put together place.  Waiters and waitress' did an excellent job at guiding us through the evening.  Somebody knew how to run a restaurant.  Hope that its the same when I go back for another visit.
A whole new take on tapas -- some mini- masterpieces here. Highly recommend the chicken croquettes,  beef and cheese.  The lobster and pineapple was a bit out of balance -- lobster overpowered by a tangy pineapple aspic .... chocolate souffle and apple blossoms excellent.
Seeing as the pub next door had a line of 500 for nickel PBR's, and Beso seated their last table 20 minutes prior, tapas seemed like the most appropriate choice for a 10:30PM dinner.  Besides, without any walls, who could resist looking in and admiring the millions of colorful little mosaic pieces that tiled the floors and columns?  Absolutely stunning. . . Service was attentive.  The host at the door smiled sincerely.  The waiter greeted us with a courteous grin - serious, yet gentle. . . Sangria was sampled, and the red was chosen.  The white offered friendly flavors, sweet for those who cringe at the bitters from reds.  However, the red stood bold, while embracing the sweets of the fruits.  It was just a beautiful mixture of character and quality.. . Raspberry Tuna. Amazing.  Visually, you acknowledge two cubes of the deep, dark shades of red.  One cube has four sides rolled in a mixture of toasted black and white sesame seeds.  The other cube, skewered and stacked elegantly on top, had a gentle dash of pixie dust (otherwise known as wasabi powder).  Gently lift the skewer, but careful not to let it rip through the cubes... The raspberry cube instantly melts - velvety and smooth - offering tart flavors to the subtle tuna and sesame seeds. . . Garlic shrimp - another winner.  Chorizo and mashed potatoes - perfect for a pre-going out item.  I have yet to try the paella - perhaps when I go with a party of 12.  . . My advice: try everything on the menu.
Came here with a group of friends (4 people total). Started off with a mojito (was standard) and my friend got the ginger pear julep, which was pretty good, a little on the sweet side. Note that this restaurant is not traditional in the sense that it isn't in an enclosed area but rather just an open spot in the Aria, a beautiful hotel. . . Stand outs for the night included the creamy risotto (this one went SUPER fast), steamed mussels (delicious and you get a lot), flat calamari (whole calamari, not diced or cut up), the huevos estrellados (fries with the chorizo and egg, very good), and the tuna cones. . . Downers were the brava potatoes (they were okay) and the white ceviche. . . All in all, a decent meal and a fair price (considering it was Las Vegas). Portions are a little small so make sure you ask for bread and use it to dip it into all the different types of dishes!
The tapas here were full of flavor. Mussels were great, shrimp skewer eh, ok. The pork beef Fois GRAS was great... The best was the service and the sommelier Desi is really good. He's a level three som, which shows the knowledge and just follow his suggestions, trust me I'm a som, the wines are good.
Good $$$ food, but tiny tiny portions. Listen to your waiter when he says you should order at least 3-4 tapas per person. We shared:. Tuna tempura: 4/5 . Angus beef: 3/5 came out medium when we ordered medium rare, nothing special. Brava potatoes: 4/5 creamy and spiced sauce gave it a nice kick. . Mixed paella: 3/5 seafood flavor is overwhelming! Lobster pieces are sufficient if you aren't that hungry.
I had the pleasure of dining at Julian Serrano 2 nights in a row during my recent trip to Vegas. We didn't have reservations either time but found quick and easy seating, with friendly and attentive service, at the bar. . . Night 1 we stopped in for tapas and drinks. We ordered the mixed seafood ceviche (I could have eaten a bucket full of that stuff), the tuna-raspberry skewer (beautiful, tender, melt-in-your-mouth tuna), and the seared scallops (perfectly cooked). Everything was very fresh, very flavorful, and absolutely delicious. I also enjoyed the tasty red sangria. . . Night 2 we were tired of paying Vegas food prices and decided that $45 paella for 2 sounded perfect. We started with a lovely Mediterranean bass. I almost licked the remaining tomato confit off the plate. Then came our "marinera" paella and, unfortunately, it was quite underwhelming. All of the individual ingredients were certainly fresh-tasting but the dish itself was under-seasoned and bland. Very disappointing.. . I highly recommend Julian Serrano for the tapas and I hope to try a different "platos grande" another time.
I've been there twice on my recent trip to Vegas. Very, very good food. Everything was extremely tasty. The waiters are a bit condescending and cold, but they are knowledgeable. . Portions are even smaller than you would expect, but really good. I will go back for sure.
Stuffed dates and peppers are AWESOME also love the lobster/ pineapple bites! Sangria is good not great. Great for a group!
This place was great I loved the atmosphere the most.  We went with 2 friends and I had a great time.  The wait staff  was very nice.  Well now to the food.  The avocado roll with salmon was great it was light and refreshing. We had the octopus with potatoe and that was very nice it was very well seasoned and the octopus was very tender. The paella was so so I have had way better.  There was black rice with seafood and was very good. I would def go back again.
Who doesn't love Spanish tapas?. . I came here with a group of 6 girls for a bachelorette party dinner, which the bride-to-be generously arranged for the bridesmaids. We had a long night ahead of us and knew we should eat, but didn't want to get too full and uncomfortable in our dresses, so tapas was perfect for the occasion. . . Everything we ordered was truly fabulous! The highlight I would have to say was the paella. Just thinking about it makes me hungry - they cooked a relatively thin layer of seafood infused rice in a traditional paella pan, and the bottom had a perfect crust when it came out. And paella is one of those dishes that are best when a tad (overly) salty with a strong seafood flavor. We ordered one pan and it was so delicious we had to order another one (which proved to be critical later on in the night).. . The waitstaff is also very friendly and not pushy at all - he recommended we order a few dishes to start, and to add more later if needed.. . Note this restaurant is located inside ARIA in an open space, so the tables are clustered around in the lobby area (it's not an enclosed restaurant, but there is a more concentrated area of tables with more privacy), so people may be walking by as you dine depending on where you're seated.. . Overall, very much recommend this place for great food in a more casual environment.
My friend is a bartender at the lobby bar  at Aria. He recommended julian serrano for a quick bite to eat. . . Here's my take:. Bartender (Primo?) - Awesome guy.. White Sangria - C.R.A.P...I would have spit it out but didn't want to.     waste the alcohol. Beef with Cheese - Really good.. Huevos Estrellados - wow. (Primo Says "in heaven, you get to swim in something like that !"
I fell in love with their egg ravioli. It's a warm little pastry puff with a runny egg yolk inside.  It's heavenly.  While I was enjoying this dish it took me solid 10 seconds to realize... how in the world is this possible?  I guess that's one of the mysteries in life.  The potatoes and chorizo on the side of a main dish were also very delicious.. . The other tapas dishes were good, pretty much what you would expect.  Everyday we would pass by Julian Serrano in the hotel lobby and want to get the egg ravioli to-go.
Food: Most of what we ordered was well-cooked and well-seasoned. Highlights include the gazpacho (light and refreshing), brava potatoes (tasty alioli sauce), egg ravioli (crunchy outside, subtle savory creamy inside), creamy risotto (very salty, but I like it), and churros (the chocolate sauce is very good). Other dishes such as salmon with truffle, garlic mussels, albondigas, and paella were also quite good. The only mildly dissapointing dish was the tuna-raspberry skewer, which had a little bit too much raspberry flavor.. . Service: Friendly and attentive.. . Ambience: Open to the casino, but not too loud. Decor is modern/trendy. It's a very nice place.. . I'd give this place a 4.5 if I could.
I had made a reservation and we were seated right away. The restaurant was very trendy. The seats looked way comfy however I was in a booth that velvety soft. The first plate was the Golden and Red Beets, can we say delicious!! Everything on that plate was paired perfectly even the sour lemon. Next we had the Lobster pineapple skewers and they were OK. I thought the pineapple was a little mushy not what I was expecting and I didn't really taste the lobster. I really hate having lobster in a dish and not taste it. The third plate was the Creamy risotto and that was decent. The flavor was on par with what I've had, but I don't think the risotto was cooked all the way through. Our final dish was the Conejo AK ajillo( rabbit w/ mash potatoes). It was dry for some of the pieces, but other pieces were good ( I hate to say it but it tasted like chicken). Anyway it's Vegas and the dinner was a very pleasant experience. I had great service all the way through the whole meal, some of the food could be better, but I liked my overall experience! OH and I had their sangria and I would recommend it. It was refreshingly yummy!
Pricey and/but yummy. . . We tried this place on a whim after giving the casino some money at the craps table. . . I spent 8 months in Spain, and a lot of the dishes here tasted very authentic! The patatas bravas were so good, and reminded me of the tapas bars in Salamanca!. . The ahi tuna tempura was also very good, but it didn't go very far...probably too small of a portion if you ask me. . . We also had the fried calamari, which tasted very fresh and had just the right amount of spice. . . The service wasn't great (sat at the bar) and the prices are definitely high, but overall this is a nice place to grab a few apps before you go out.
Small tapas plates are good but pricey. I enjoyed the white fish ceviche, it was very good and just about right with the citrus. The seafood combo paella was not good, it was too salty and the lobster was bland and mushy as well. never going to order it again, not for $50. The huevos ranchero i believe was very good too. the small plates ranges from $5-$13. yum yum.
I like it.  I think they have a bit of molecular gastronomy going on with the tuna raspberry skewer where the tuna and raspberry are both in a cube.  But of course they also wrote "molecular" next to the dish.  I had the steak sandwich with fries and a shot of tomato gazpacho and for $12 or so it was a pretty good deal.  I like Aria and seen this place many times, too bad it took me a few times until I tried it.  Anyway I'm definitely coming back here for dinner.
After checking into the Aria Hotel, my BF and I were hungry for a snack so we decided to check out Julian Serrano's. After overlooking the menu, we were excited to eat some Spanish tapas!. . We sat at the bar and immediately ordered a pitcher of the red sangria!. . The bartender was very helpful in recommending some dishes for us to try. . . For those of you that have never been to a tapas restaurant, tapas are "small dishes" so you can order as many as you want so that you are not focused on eating one big main dish. . . Here is what we ended up ordering:. . Goat Cheese Salad ( I love goat cheese and I really liked the hint of mint that accompanied the salad). . Ahi Tuna Tempura ( The wasabi foam that they served was good, not over powering but just wished it was a little more than just a dab). . Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ( with goat cheese and mushrooms....YUM!). . Roasted Marcona Almonds (Don't Bother ordering this). . Cheese Platter ( Cana De Cabra, Manchego, Cabrales, La Serena). . Spanish Charcuterie Platter ( Chorizo, Salchichon, Sobrasada, Lomo Embuchado) . . The Cheese and Meat platters were by far my favorite!. . I will be visiting this place again on my next Vegas Trip!
We finally get to try this expensive tapas place thanks to restaurant week. . Very impressive with the Avocado Cannelloni-beautiful presentation and the flavor was refreshing. Chicken Croquetas was deeped fried, bit crunch on the outside and super soft at the inside. . I loved the stuffed Piquillo Peppers as well - very rich flavor. I have never imagined pairing Salmon and Truffle but both me and my friend were speechless by this dish. A tiny bit over baked but we love truffle. . The main course was a bit too salty but the Pork Chop was perfectly done. Tender and beautiful pink color. Roasted chicken was again bit over baked to my taste and a little dry. . . Desert wasn't super impressive but the hot chocolate was interesting. . . I would love to try other stuff @ Julian Serrano again. So far this is my favorite tapas in Las Vegas as in creativity, presentation and flavor.
This place was fab.  I 've wanted to try julian serrano since they opened up here because I hear they are known for their service.  Service was wonderful, I forgot our waitress' name (I'll plug in later) but she was trained well, not overbearing, friendly enough and had a few recco's.  We came here foremost for the tuna raspberry pops we were drooling over.  Skewers with molecular raspberry and seared ahi with wasabi and sesame seed.  Such wonderful taste combo.  I can't really explain it.  We loved everything and when I commented that the tuna cones (crispy wonton) was clearly stale--I seriously did not like it--she quickly took it off the bill.  Wow thanks! . We also had papas bravas, a tapas must have (for vegetarians, I now the real test is croquettas, but I've had enough to last me a life time) the spicy tomato sauce was soooo good and the "papas" were between al dente and cooked.  Stuffed dates need just a tad more testing before the perfect recipe comes out of the kitchen.  I love wht they werestuffed with (almonds, applewood bacon, spicy piquillo) but the date flavor overwhelmed the rest.  The steamed mussels with brandy were fresh and meaty and the pinxto de chorizos (mini pork chorizo with garlic mashed potatos) really hit the spot.  Tasted like comfort food.  I can't remember the wine, something red, was it a malbec? knowing us, probably but it came from the sommelier and was perfect.. Don't miss this restie if you dig tapas it has a great vibe.
I was very pleased by this place.  I came here with a friend for dinner, and we wanted to eat, but not stuff ourselves, and have a nice mix of flavors, but he was also on a low-carb diet.  It provided some great options for us.. . The egg yolk ravioli were a lovely texture, creamy and crisp at the same time. Unctuous in the best possible way.  Really, these were for me, not the low carb person. The sauteed padron peppers were wonderful.  Mild with a little snap to the skin, and great salt on them. From the world of seafood, we got the gambas, the white ceviche, and the white anchovy filets.  The white anchovy was my favorite of these...if you haven't had Spanish anchovies, you should try them at least once... this isn't the over salted fish, but a rich, creamy flavor, with a touch of pickle.. . The lamb chop was good, but I think the favorite ofthe night was the black pig pintxo.  That was a thin slice of heaven, and I'd have that again, despite the price.  All in all, it was what I wanted, though a touch on the pricey side, and I'll be back, especially if I want to eat light and have variety.
4.4 stars.. . Famished after my Korean spa experience, I decided to treat myself to lunch at one of the most beautiful hotels now on the Strip, the Aria Hotel.  After browsing the lobby, I encounter Julian Serrano opposite my previous night's splendor at Sage.  The ambiance is vibrant and bold colors of red, purple, orange and yellow.  Even cooler was the fact that they were participating in Restaurant Week.  Perfect I thought, this is where I'm having lunch!  Ambiance:  4.5 stars.. . I sat at the bar and started off with their white sangria with pears.  Sounded refreshing enough and it was!  At some point I asked the recipe and was given an unending amalgamation of ingredients that I could never recite, let alone list here.  In summary, it was a crisp alternative to your usual red sangria and a perfect quencher from the overbearing Vegas heat.  5 stars.. . A Spanish couple next to me at the bar received their first dish. I over heard them say, "ah, muy pequeno (small)".  They turn to me and the guy says, 'like a glorified English muffin pizza, no?'  I nearly aspirated whatever I was eating and had to restrain myself from hitting the floor in tears.  I understand tapas, but the plates were rather, pequeno.  . . Along with my glass of Spanish Tempranillo, I ordered off the 3-course prix fixe Restaurant Week menu for $30.11 :. . First Course:. Stuffed dates of almond and applewood bacon with a spicy piquillo pepper sauce.  Nice flavor, but somewhat overwhelmingly simplistic.  Not horrible, but just okay:  3 stars.. . Second Course:. Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak with layered Japanese eggplant in a  Mushroom Demi.  The serving size was very small, however what was offered packed a punch and I wish I had more.  Perfect doneness and everything complimented well:  4.5 stars.. . Third Course:. Fried Spanish Churros with a spicy dipping hot chocolate.  Recommended by the bartender and now I know why.  Nice crunchy Spanish pastry without any greasiness, powdered sugar and a heavenly dipping dark chocolate with just the right amount of fire.  Amazing:  5 stars!. . Tally:. Ambiance:  4.5 stars. Cocktail:  5 stars!. First Course:  3 stars. Second Course:  4.5 stars. Third Course:  5 stars!. 4.5+5+3+4.5+5= 22/5= 4.4 stars.. . Quite an enjoyable lunch to add to a relaxing spa day.  What more could I ask for?  I left feeling on top of the world and headed to the nearest video poker machine to try my luck once again.  Oh Lost Wages, you relentless bitch!. . #Yelp 365:  055/365
Summary. All of the tapas were excellent, but the paella was HORRIBLE.  Skip the paella and you will be satisfied.  It is a tapas restaurant so be aware that the dishes are small.  The restaurant is in the Aria and the restaurant is just as cool as the hotel.  A good place for a glass of wine and a few tapas.. . Food dishes. Bacalao a la gabardina (atlantic cod | rocoto mayo | tempura batter). The fish was light and fluffy and the batter was very delicate.  An excellent dish. 10/10. . Sauteed baby spinach (pine nuts | raisins | apple | shallots). The pine nuts, raisins and apple added some interesting flavors and textures to the dish.  A good dish.  7/10. . Escalivada (eggplant | red pepper | tomato | onion). I'm not a big fan of eggplant, but this one was pretty good.  The others at the table liked the dish.  8/10. . Creamy risotto (wild mushroom | manchego cheese | natural jus). The risotto was cooked just right.  The flavor was excellent.  I thought I tasted truffle oil too.  9/10. . Pintxo de moruno (marinated pork loin | pancetta | toasted cous cous). This dish had 4 pieces of pork on a skewer.  The pork was cooked just right and it had lots of flavor.  An excellent dish. 10/10. . Pintxo de chorizos (mini spanish pork chorizo | garlic mashed potatoes | garlic sauce). There were 5 small pieces of sausage.  The sausage had a hint of spiciness.  8/10. . Paella Marinea (calamari | shrimp | mussels | monkfish | vegetables | saffron rice). This was a HUGE disappointment.  The rice was not cooked right.  It was hard and it was not creamy.  The seafood was ok, but it didn'treally add a good tasting flavor to the paella.  How bad was it?  I would rather eat Top Ramen than have this dish again.  1/10. . Service. The service was below average.  We were not rushed, which is good, but I think the staff forgot about basic service (empty glasses of iced tea, checking back timely).
Such a fan of Julian Serrano -- he isn't Catalonian, but his menu samples heavily from the local cuisine (botifarra!  yummm).  The kitchen turns out some nice representations of tapas from other regions of Spain, as well.  And Serrano himself spends a lot of time in the kitchen and the dining room.  I like seeing "celebrity" chefs who are hands-on with their spin-off enterprises.
Julian Serrano for lunch was perfect. It's in the beautiful Aria hotel and the decor is very chic. The menu definitely has a Spanish flair--and the chef is very well acclaimed. We had the lobster pineapple skewers for an app, and then i had the saffron rice for an entree. Although both were delicious, I don't think they were entirely memorable. The saffron rice was a little too al dente for my taste--but the combination of flavors from the sausage, rabbit, and chicken made it worthwhile. The prices were definitely affordable.
I loved this place. Definitely my favorite meal of my Vegas trip. I was expecting super small servings based on other reviews, but I thought they were all on par with the tapas I've had around the Bay Area. My husband and I went with another couple and we must have ordered about 10 dishes between all of us, plus a couple of desserts. There was too much stuff to break it all down. My favorite of the night was a dish with eggs and chorizo over frites. It was awesome. Would definitely eat here again. Loved it.
I had a very good experience at this place.  The tapas selection at this place made me feel like I was having a big meal, but overall, did not overstuff me!. . There was 3 of us, and they recommend for each person to get 2 to 3 tapas per person.  . . Huevos Estrellados (So Good! Perfectly fried eggs on top of chorizo and crispy fries!). Pan Tomate (Pretty Standard, good tomato flavor and crisp bread). Fried Calamari (Thick cut calamari, not thin and crispy). Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas (Bechamel Sauce = Too Die). Stuffed Dates (Sweet and Savory!). Ahi Tuna Tempura ( Cooked just right, wasabi foam, a great touch). Churros(Just get them, eat them all and drink the rest of the dipping chocolate!). . Pedro our server was really nice and helpful too!  I would ask for him if he is available.
I am a big fan of tapas style dining and Julian Serrano's restaurant at the Aria is probably the best place to go in Las Vegas for delectable Spanish cuisine and cocktails. Its a little pricey, even for an upscale restaurant, but the food is well portioned and presented beautifully. Service was good, but not excellent. Being located in the middle of the City Center makes the atmosphere very contemporary and pleasing. The best occasion to visit this place is when you are in the mood for something light. I found it the perfect place to eat before a night out on the strip. The white ceviche was so fresh and was probably the best ceviche I have ever tasted. I could eat it every day. The red sangria was also delicious and the bartenders make the cocktails strong, which is a big plus. The audio in the bathroom was a spanish language course, which I though was an awesome, quirky little touch. I would recommend this place to anyone who appreciates fine dining.
Excellent food. Sat at the bar. Fun bartenders helped us with the extensive and eclectic menu. Diverse wine list strong on old world wines. Prices above average for food given the small portions, typical for tapas, but still well worth it. Try the cheese plate and the tenderloin tapas.
I had a Great dinner here, after a chow down at the Indian buffet earlier for lunch (across the street) I didn't feel like having a big dinner so this worked just right: good service, below average portions and strip prices, the food quality is very good though, I shared dinner with a spaniard and he was pleased. We had 7 tapas and they were all yummy, I even liked the anchovy (which I hate otherwise).
I have eaten here probably 5 times, and the food has been really good every time, and so has the service. Don't let the fact that it is in the lobby slow you down... once you're inside it doesn't really feel like a lobby restaurant. I really like the broad menu... and the paellas are GREAT!
Julian Serrano was good but maybe I was overly hyped about the restaurant.  I guess I expected something out of this world but it was ok.  I've had very good tapas in Manhattan beach, San Francisco, and elsewhere and Julian Serrano is about the same.  It was good.  Also their sangria tastes watered down.  One of the few times I didn't finish my drink and I usually never let alcohol go to waste.  But the atmosphere and our waiter rocked so we had a good time.
Salty! I am not a person who puts a lot of salt on my food, but I do enjoy just the right amount, and a few of the tapas that I tried were a little too salty for me.  Despite the saltiness the tapas were good and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant itself was fun to hang out in, and the wine list did not disappoint.
Service here is always prompt, thoughtful(suggestions galore) and steady... and valet parking is a short stroll from the nearby Aria entrance. The ambiance is airy and open, and the bar setup (fruit instead of fake tapas) is witty and hip for a tapas-style spot. . . Tapas: I begin each meal with a cheese plate(highly recommended) or the pan manchego? So far, I most enjoy the salmon with truffle(I often order two) and some other seafood dish I cannot presently recall. Lobster gazpacho is a must for those who(like moi) generally hate gazpacho or cold blends. Other notables, thus far: raspberry tuna dish(it actually works!), lobster salad, huevos estrellados, bass(Oprah-aaaaammazing, lol!), chorizo. The flan here is intricate and delicious.. . One dish I hate here is the steak featured on the tapas menu. It tasted like mediocre sirloin... I admittedly--owing to its horrible texture--consider sirloin essentially dog food. I've never tried the paella but was informed that it tastes just like Spain's, which is not a good thing. To explain: paella(with or without saffron) is a stupid idea. Simply read the ingredients/preparation and you will sigh with comprehension... I call paella culinary meth, lol. If you insist on an entree the filet mignon(or I imagine any seafood or pork dish here) is a pleaser.. . Impeccable texture and taste overcome (merely above average) presentation at this spot--one of my faves for lunch or silly dinners. On my last visit, I enjoyed a quick bite/wine at the bar with friends. I have yet to try the early eve special but it sounds like a killer deal.    . . 4 stars rather than 5 because some of the flavors repeat (a few dishes beg for drizzles; others for acidity to combat the olive oil and make things more spanish and less greek); however, I wish I could give 4.5 stars b/c they serve tender octopus And delicious fried calamari that doesn't even need the sauce or lemons.
This place was really good, and not to pricey for the quality you are getting. The white Ceviche was the best I have ever had.. . The stuffed peppers were great also.
great tapas style restaurant!. . absotulety loved the mojitos (strawberry to be exact), bravas potatoes and the churros.. . -1 star for being a spanisg/latin restaurant and NOT having any spicy salsas
Many reviews have been written about this restaurant already so I'll just say that the service was excellent and comment on the dishes we tried:. . Stuffed peppers: excellent. Salmon with truffle: excellent. Gambas; Horrible. Chicken croquettes: good but not great. Serrano ham on tomato bread: outstanding . Steak with Brie: good but not great. . I would definitely go back though.
Came here for lunch while staying at Aria. Definitely a good place to check out if you want tapas, the menu is pretty extensive. We ordered the calamari, black rice (squid ink & lobster), mussels, and ceviche among other things. Everything tasted good and the seafood, fresh. We ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria, which was very good.. . Our server was extremely friendly and helpful, upon seating us he asked us if we were familiar with tapas, etc. (we were, I eat out... alot). . The bathrooms are pretty funny, instead of cheesy "elevator-lounge type music," it's basically a Learn to speak Spanish tape.
Was looking for a place to eat at the aria since we had a party to go there afterwords and Julian Serrano was the only one that seemed to get good reviews on yelp..so thanks go all you yelpers, so helpful!. . I enjoyed it alot,  these two dishes were my favorite!. . Beef and Cheese- Prime Tenderloin, Brie Cheese, Toasted Bread. Salmon roulade | house-cured salmon | rocoto mayo | tartar sauce. . The paellas was okay, not the best, the rice was kind of hard.  I like it better at Jaelo in the Cosmo.
JULIAN SERRANO vs. FIREFLY. . Oh Julian, your tapas on the strip is over-priced but its worth every penny.. . PRICE: Tapas adds up after a while. At Firefly, most of my orders are in the $4-8 price range. At Serrano, my usual orders are in the $10-16. That's nearly double what I normally spend but on occasion, I like to splurge and enjoy a more upscale meal in a setting 100% more luxurious than local favorite Firefly.. . FOOD: You get what you pay for. My favorites at Firefly are stuffed dates, shrimp ceviche, and lamb skewers. I've tried each of their counterparts at Serrano. And I have to admit that they do each one better. The flavors are more complex and refined. The dates are melt-in-your-mouth good. The quality of meat (in this case lamb) at Serrano is more tender and less game-y. I've tried all of the ceviches here and each and every one is extremely fresh and flavorful. Firefly's ceviche tends to be a little heavy on the lemon and on occasion I'll get a fishy one. I tend to order more seafood at Serrano as well. I feel like all the hot seafood tapas I've ordered here are spot on. Some of the best seafood dishes I've eaten in Vegas--period.. . SANGRIA: I'm sorry Serrano, but I have to say Firefly does this one better. I don't doubt for a second that there's a lot involved in making the sangria here. But there's something so familiar and delicious about the red wine sangria at Fireflys. The delicate balance of fruit and wine flavor has been perfected. And hey, you can't beat the 50% off pitchers of Sangria during Firefly Happy Hour.. . SERVICE: In a fine dining setting, I'm very particular about my service. If I'm paying a fine dining price & tip, I expect to be waited on appropriately. Every time I've been here my server has been quite attentive and friendly. I've only once been dissatisfied with my service; but it was a holiday and the place was ridiculously crowded.. . If your wondering if its worth the money, then YES! Don't hesitate because you think you get a better value at Firefly. Firefly will always be a favorite close to my heart but when I want to eat a little finer and I want to pay for it--Julian Serrano is my upscale tapas of choice.. . Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Whenever I visit Spain first thing I do is find a bar serving beer and Pimientos de Padron so when I saw there was a Spanish tapas rest in our hotel I had to find out if they had them and to my surprise they did. Surprised, you see, because they are not readily avaiable even in Spain. I once had to check into about 10 bars before I found one with this delicacy.. . Since we were there we tried other tapas including the cannelloni which were delish, some meat on toast which was one of our aves, the mussels which were meaty, and the meatballs which were certainly not our favorite amongst others. They seem to have been fried in old oil. Nothing like the frying oil used in In n Out Burger where we spent our last dinner in Vegas!. . While we were in the restaurant the 2012 Grammy Awards were going on and the server was nice enough to change the basketball game (yawn) to the Grammys.  . . Will upload pics soon as I am a food photographer aficionado.. . Buen provecho!
3.8 stars.  Julian Serrano is a tapas restaurant located in the lobby of the Aria Hotel next to the front desk.  The restaurant is decorated in vivid colors and is enclosed by a short clear divider that leaves part of the restaurant exposed to the eyes of lobby guests.  Since the divider is only a few feet tall and clear, I think that the people who dine at these tables get a more casual atmosphere since it almost feels like you are dining in the lobby itself.  However, the rest of the tables are tucked further back into the restaurant giving it a more private and cozy atmosphere.  . . I have been here a few times and the people who dine here have always ranged from extremely casual ("Hi, I just came from the pool") to dressed to impress ("I'm going to the cluuuuub!").  I've seen families with small children here and I've also seen bachelorette parties here.  The good thing is that the ambiance can really accommodate anyone, and the restaurant is spacious enough that you can sit far away from small children if you prefer.  . . The service has always been excellent - no complaints there.  As for the food, it is definitely pricey for the size of the dishes.  I believe each small plate is $8-$14 and they are tiny.  However, the dishes are great if you want a high-quality light meal.  One dish that I was impressed with based on its size is the paella.  It is HUGE.  I ordered it when I was with a party of 10 girls - 4 of us really wantedpaella, and the menu said that the portions are designed for 2 people.  Based on the size of the tapas, we were thinking that the paella would also be small and fulfilling, so we asked to get a 3-person serving for $75 (expensive IMO).  The paella dish was so big that it easily fed 8 of us (in addition to the small plates), and we left happy and full.
Came for Restaurant Week with my sister from another mister (and mama too),  Angela H. . . We did the lunch menu for $30.12. .  Lobster Gazpacho; Traditional Chilled Spanish Soup with Lobster Meat- There was a sphere in my spoon and it was a cream "truffle" with some broth in it. The texture of it bursting with broth was texturally exciting. The soup itself was very refreshing and bright, good and very fresh chunks of lobster.. . Salmon with Truffle; Truffle Bechamel, Portobello Mushroom - the salmon was perfectly cooked, the bechamel was aces. Salmon is a very common fish so normally I'm a bit "meh" about most preparations but this was pleasant. . . Santiago's Cake; Almond Cake, Turron Ice Cream, Candied almonds - I am a almond freak and this was a decent cake. I wish there was more of the burnt leche tasting turron ice cream. The crumb candied almonds mixed in with it was good. . . I of course try everything Angie is eating and all pretty good. Stuffed Piquillo had a surprising hearty flavor from the mushrooms, steak with eggplant and mushroom demi glace was tender, churros was ok, but its rich bitter dark chocolate dip was great. . . Service was good. I think our server was coming up a lot because he is trying to get his flirt on. Haha. . . Good impressions of Julian Serrano. I looked at the regular menu and lots of goodies and really, the prices aren't too crazy, competitive with other tapas places, even off strip. I would consider coming here for some tasty snacks whenever family stays at CityCenter.
I came here for an impromptu dinner date on a Saturday night.  We had walked through the Cosmo, Crystals and finally decided on Julian Serrano in Aria.  The restaurant was starting to get busy with the dinner crowd, but we were still able to get a table right away.. . My brain was pretty fried from partying two nights already, so I asked for our servers' recommendations and picked something from there.  We ended up getting the Fried Calamari, Spanish Iberico Sliders and Paella Marinera.  The food came out pretty quickly, which was good because we were starving.. . The calamari was nice and crispy...pretty much your typical fried calamari.  The sliders were quite good.  They were filled with prime beef, Iberico pork and caramelized onions.  The beef was nice and tender and the caramelized onions gave it a nice sweet flavor.  The paella was huge...it definitely could've been shared by three or four people.  there was calamari, shrimp, mussels, monk fish and vegetables  with saffron rice.  The flavor was amazing and we were quite impressed.  We ended up with leftovers of the paella, and I took it back to my hotel for my post party munchies.  . . The service here was very good and our waitress was very attentive.  Granted, most restaurants on the Strip are more pricey, but our bill came out to be very decent for the items we ordered.  I would mark this as a restaurant to come back to and try other items on the menu.
Having onlyjust realized Vegas had a Sushi Samba i HAD to check it out tho its no Park Ave SS. Then i stumbled across this tapas bar, and i hadnt come across any since 1997 outside of Spain that did any justice until now. Love everything about this place. Will def keep returning.
This was a great dining experience.  The service was great, the food rocked, and I actually spent less here than I did at some other very nice restaurants that week.. . The dishes were pretty memorable: lobster gazpacho (excellent presentation, tasted great), white ceviche (very nice), charcuterie sampler (loved it), pintxo chorizos (nice), black rice w calamari (great, but a bit rich for the last tapa of the night when I was already full), and bombas (spicy meatballs - very good).  The wine list and the sommelier were impressive, but I went with a cool cocktail...some sort of combination of absinthe, cucumber, and ginger beer that tasted pretty darn good.. . The serving sizes were a bit larger than I've run across at other tapas restaurants, so I left uncomfortably full (my fault, not theirs).  On my next visit to Vegas and to this restaurant, I'll order a few less tapas and it'll be perfect.
Aww. Gotta bump you down JS. Somewhat of a letdown for a handful of out of town guests who had enjoyed their time at Firefly. Mussels were tiny, wasn't feeling the foamy presentation of the pork belly dish (hello Goyemon!) and tried a few other dishes which were fine. Still, service and white wine sangria is still on point just don't think I'm coming back for a while.
Absolutely delicious, at a decent price point, for quick service, at a classy joint directly on the strip.  Manchega cheese brushcetta was finger-lickin good, the Spanish pizza was phenomenal, the service, top-notch!!! We were served right away. Love it and want to go back!
Julian Serrano continues to be really awesome, solidly in to my 4-star territory now. We went back, and this time, the place was packed. We grabbed the last two seats at the bar and tucked in. The highlights:. . Still amazing ceviche. Very heavy lime flavor, which I love, tender seafood, and a little heat.. . "Tuna cones" are very tasty, tuna sashimi stuffed in to a wonton cone. The wonton was a little on the crisp side...a little towards an eggshell shattering consistency, if you know what I mean? Might be a bit off putting.. . Amazing beef sliders, with tomato and some cured ham. Tender...delicious...seriously like eating butter.. . And the lobster paella (I went there) was also pretty good. Rice at the perfect consistency, delicious chorizo and chicken, lots of green peas for a little sweet - but not much in the way of lobster. Maybe two good bites per person. This serving is for two, which is fine - good way to have a larger dish and try some smaller things. It'd been a while since I'd had any paella, so this tasted good to me.. . I'm glad that if I repeated anything from my last Vegas trip, I repeated here. And thankfully, there's still more to try...
The wedding party we were with came here to start the night off with some Tapas and vino so to speak. This place was specifically chosen as a number of us did our MBA's together in Madrid, Spain, so wanted to see how a Madrid Native (Julian Serrano), put the swank in Las Vegas. . . Verdict - the food here was better than we got in Madrid, hands down. The Sangria was a huge disappointment. Not even close to the average Sangria served in Madrid. With that said, the Spanish Absinthe was a very nice surprise. Service was excellent and if we were back in Vegas we would most likely visit Julian Serrano, except for the fact that it is in the Aria Hotel and we had a huge compliant with City Bar (which means we will probably avoid the Aria in the future!).
Like a bug to a light I was attracted to this place by the other Yelp reviewers and the fact it was in eye site from the lobby when I checked into the Aria.  I am happy to report even though the wait was an hour, the food and experience was worth every minute I had to spend drinking in the casino.  I hate it when restaurants make me consume adult beverages.. . I may have had a medium Vegas buzz by the time we were seated but I know the Tuna Cones will go down in history as one of my all time favorite small plates.  You must have those little cones of heaven.  The white ceviche was a solid dish that I would have again and the pintxo de chorizos should not be missed.  However those paled in comparison to the mixed paella.  We got one to share after about 8 tapas for a table of 6. It is a big dish that is great for sharing.. . Lastly have the espresso cocktail at the end of the meal...WOW!. . The atmosphere is nothing to talk about and open to the lobby.  I didn't like that but the service made up for it.  My only other suggestion is to get there either early or after 9:30pm.  The place is packed.. . Enjoy!
this is a solid choice in a town of over-hyped and sometimes over-priced eateries. the venue is spacious and comfortable with an open kitchen for your viewing pleasure. i love the organized menu that has a section for each type of tapa (soups/salads, nouveau style, seafood, meats, vegetarian) and a separate selection of paellas. i recommend:. . *fresh calamari a la plancha - the citrusy, salty evoo pairs well with the sweetness of the caramelized onions. . *albondigas - tender, flavorful pork/beef meatballs with a light tomato sauce. eat this with a spoon. . *beef and cheese - another nice sweet/salty combo. the honey really kicks this dish up a notch. . *grilled lamb chop - a bit pricey for 1 chop ($16) but it's perfectly seasoned and cooked. . both housemade sangrias are excellent. the white is refreshing and light...a good starter. the red is bold and delicious. the service was spot-on...timing of the dishes, attentiveness and friendliness. it's always a good time when i visit.
Good as usual.  Wicked sangria both red and white.  Tried the paella this time.  The Mix Paella.  Awesome.  Good flavor, more traditional than most recipes.  Gambas were amazing.  Tuna raspberry skewer, pineapple lobster skewer,and the huevos estrellados are amazing.  The menu reads easy, and I'm sure everything is good.  Trust what you order if you are a spanish food beginner.  It will turn out good.
We went here on our last day visiting Vegas because I was craving a Cheese Plate. they did not have one on the lunch menu but they were accommodating and made me the one off the dinner menu I also got the meat plate both were very good. I would come back again.
This was the restaurant my friends and I chose to reacquaint ourselves after several months of not seeing each other. We were dressed up and ready to take on Vegas. This was also the place I opened the menu, scanned the dishes listed, and exclaimed, "I'm too drunk to read the menu!!" . . All I remember was the food was great, the decor was fantastic, and the prices weren't too bad. I distinctly remember eating a bowl of mussels that were so juicyand flavorful. Even though it was tapas, meant to split between a group of people, there still wasn't that much to go around. Luckily, my friends compensated for my lack of decision making and ordered enough to make all of us full.
Yes, Yes every time Yes!  The food has always been delicious, delightful little morsels of yumminess.  Service has always been wonderful and attentive.  Eager to offer guidance on what to order/how much to order.    My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the ceviche, and the mushroom risotto (FYI - I don't even like mushrooms).   I am giving four stars rather than five because I don't feel that they have perfected their paella yet.  It is a little too smoky/burnt in flavor for my palette.  Also, their sangria is just ok.  But - they have a full bar so imbibe in just about anything else and the dinner will still be amazing.   . . So all in all, great great place to enjoy a great meal.
Checked this place out for dinner tonight and was very impressed.  I saw they offered an early dinner special on their website, but had to ask for that menu when I was seated.  The decor is very nice, the service was nice and the food was excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed the chicken croquettes, the pork chop and the rice pudding - everything was seriously good!
Love this place, have been multiple times.  I have had hit and miss with the servers but overall it is great.  Very expensive but worth it as I have had lots of tapas.  The chicken croquets are by far the best and I could eat a dozen.  The steak is great and I always over eat when I have their tapas.  The sangria is good and even when I was pregnant and ordered non alcoholic sangria (which usually isn't very good) was amazing :). . Will return for sure
I've never had anything I didn't like from Julian Serrano. The paella, gambas, croquetas, beef and cheese, stuffed peppers, stuffed dates, churros with spicy chocolate dip and the chocolate cake with mango gelato. Great location, great service and great atmosphere. I keep coming back for more.
LOD 10. . Been here a couple times after the pool.  Great spot to order n eat Tapas.. . Everything we ordered was good - the stand out was a chicken dish that we had to double up on.
First time tapas experience for us both.. . Great tasting items we ordered but I don't think I will eat here again. For the price we paid, I was still hungry after.. . We ordered:. Beef & Cheese - was ok. . Ahi tuna - not a fan of raw tuna, ever. but bf liked it.. Risotto - pretty tasty even though I don't like mushrooms.. Chicken Croquettas - wished it was all chicken.. Gambas - the BEST dish, so good!. Scallops - great!. . Maybe if we had a resort credit offer again. Maybe.
Stopped in for a quick bite at the bar before a poker tournament and was impressed with the food and presentation.  All I had was a Spanish meat sandwich, but the flavors were outstanding, particularly in the side shot of fruit gazpacho.   . . I would love to return for a larger meal.
After the drive to Vegas, we arrived just in time for our 8pm dinner reservations.  We had good service and lots of great dishes.. . Mr R kept throwing around the word "incredible" but they were all for dishes/drinks that I don't eat.  He loved the White Ceviche and said it was the best dish of the night...I didn't try it, so I can't compare. He also loved his glass of the red sangria.. . For the rest of the dishes, we shared:. . Pan Manchego - bread, tomatoes, and manchego, its so simple and I can't figure out why its so amazing!. . Spanish Iberico Sliders - pretty good, but nothing amazing. It tasted all beef, no pork?. . Apple and Manchego Salad - I'm a sucker for apples and manchego and this was a great salad.. . Marcona Almonds - I love marcona almonds although they were a bit oily. They were very good and a huge portion ... I wondered if it would be awkward if I snuck out my leftovers in a ziploc bag!. . For dessert we shared the Bunuelos which were hot, sugary donuts. The Butterscotch dipping sauce was amazing - we loved the dessert. . . I was a very good dinner and we were very happy we tried it, but if I'm wanting tapas in Vegas, I prefer Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan.  Many similar dishes, but Jaleo is just better.
excellent food.
We love small plate restaurants and Julian Serrano hit the spot. I would highly recommend that you don't miss the risotto, scallops, and the churros for dessert. The chocolate/pepper dipping sauce with the churros is fantastic.. . I thought the ceviche was really bland and the lobster saffron while good, it's not really worth the price. Many well grilled tiger prawns could top this dish.
Gorgeous design and luscious tapas make this a sexy spot to dine. We wandered into the Aria just to check out the hotel architecture and design but were quickly seduced by the lush look and feel of Julian Serrano. We weren't even hungry! . . The bright earthy colors, barren black trees that are interwoven throughout the dining area and the delicious smell of tapas were a wonder to take in. I sampled 2 tapas including a salmon and a spinach dish. Everything was yummy. The staff was very attentive. The restrooms were even aesthetically compelling as they were drenched in colorful mosaic tiles. Spanish audio lessons were playing in the bathroom (kinda weird...but who am I to resist an educational opportunity?) . . I highly recommend Julian Serrano for a sophisticated dining experience.
Classy, great service!  Fun atmosphere.  Lots of interesting choices on the menu.  Our waiter gave us some good tips.  . the sangria was delicious and my husband said it was one of the best martinis he's ever had.
Good food but much smaller portions than any other tapas restaurant I've ever been to. So if you're  starving be prepared to order and spend lots. Our waiter Ernest was great too.
Heavenly tapas!. . I just adore tapas and was excited to try this place for lunch, also recommended by my boss who had eaten here on a previous business meeting.  I wish I could tell you what tapas we had but we ended up just telling the waiter to bring whatever he recommends.  All were delicious but my favorite tapas was a shrimp dish with saffron, see pics.  It was yummerz!!  I also had their chorizo sandwich which came with a salad and I think a gazpacho shot.  The sandwich was dreamy, goat cheese on top giving it the perfect balance of flavors and textures. I would love to try their dinner which I was told has like a 100 tapas to choose from.
I really enjoyed the tapas here.  The prices were not too over the top and the dishes I had were delicious and some had a really nice presentation.  I'm not sure how authentic the tapas are but they taste great and the beef based tapas I had were cooked perfectly and not dry.  The only downside was the fried calamari which was rubbery and a little bland.
Tapas are all about quality over quantity and Julian Serrano gets it right. There was so many items on the menu that I wanted to try but a girl can only eat so much! My friends and I shared the following: . . Tuna cones: So beautiful to look at I almost didn't want to eat it. The tuna was as fresh as can be. I was not a fan of the actual cone itself. It was a little excessive in my opinion and I would of much rather had it just wrapped in cucumber. . . Lamb: The meat was tender and overall delicious . . Steak and cheese: just mediocre . . Risotto: creamy and cooked al dente . . Cheese platter: 3 types of cheese along with honey, and fig. unlimited toast . . Drinks were on the strong side but at least you get your money's worth . . Overall, I loved our meal. The service was a bit disappointing though.
Oil.. . I came here with my lady friend's family for her father's 60th birthday. I am the only person of the group that would have given the restaurant this rating. Everyone else was not loving it ... but I was. I'm a white guy. They're a Korean-American family. I feel this is important to note, in that it might not make sense otherwise if i told you that umma (that's Mom, gringo) unhappily commented that she wished we had just gone and had some sushi or Korean food across the street. The street was the Strip, so I'm not exactly sure what she had in mind, but that's not the point, dummo.. . The point was that she was not happy with the food. It contained a lot of the first word in this review. She likes lighter food. So does the rest of the family.. . But, me? I'm a fatso. I love the first word in this review. I would eat an entire meal covered in the first word in this review, every day of the week, every week of the year, every everyness of every everytime. So, I liked it.. . The bathroom had some learn-how-to-speak-Spanish-audio-book thing playing. I always like places that do that. Learning and leaking. A fantastic combo to help you maintain the yin and the yang. Coming and going. Going and learning. Muy bien.
Love this place, stayed at aria in June went here for dinner 2 nights and went back to Vegas this weekend and had to take my boyfriend there! Love the brava potatoes and the beef & cheese . Sangria on the other hand was not our favorite.
I love the atmosphere of Julian Serrano, it fits perfectly with the Aria. Our favorite dishes were the Gambas a la Plancha and the mixed paella.
Here is my breakdown and why-. . Food: 3/5. Atmosphere: 4/5. Service: 4/5. Would I return?  Yes. . Food:. Although the selection of Tapas seems broad, the majority offer very similar ingredients (fishes, meats, cheeses) in similar patterns.  Having been to Spain I would have liked to seen a broader range.  I didn't see any Spanish style sausage and not much in the range of vegetables.  The food we did have was good.  We shared the tortilla, crab cakes, cheese platter, and something else.  I would have liked for the tortilla to be less runny.  The ingredients were fresh and higher quality.  One thing to note, most of the tapas cost about $10-15 and really are not big enough to share so expect to buy at least 2-3 tapas per person or you can share a paella which is about $50.  IMO this is more of a $$$ restaurant.. . Atmosphere: . Much of the vibrancy of this restaurant has to do with the aesthetics of Aria.  The restaurant itself has great colors and modern styling.  The restaurant gets very loud especially if there is a lot of noise from the casino.  The crowd here tends to be younger and more trendy.. . Service:. . I found the hosts to be friendly as they tried to accommodate many people coming and going during a busy time.  The waitress was friendly and we didn't experience long waits for service.  I also found the the waitress was knowledgeable and was able to answer our questions about the different foods.
I love Julian Serrano!!  This place has great decor, excellent customer service, and a great menu.  I had the pleasure of joining some friends for dinner here and it is hands down my favorite place at Aria to eat now. . . Awesome Treats: . Cheese Plate was tasty with great variety. Calamari with yummy sauce. Prawns in olive oil. Creamy risotto . Lobster and pineapple. Stuffed peppers . Tuna sashimi cones. . Everything was great and presented perfectly.. . Great wine and sangria.
Me and my friends recently  checked this spot out and as a lover of Tapas,   I thoroughly enjoyed our meal - every last bite!   . . The small portions definitely fed the three of us - we ordered 5 tapas and two deserts.. . It was an awesome dining experience and I am glad I went.
We had a very good meal here.  There were 9 of us and our waitress suggested that we go with the chef's selection of tapas.  We requested foie gras and pata negra to be included in our selections.  The wine list is large and after discussion with the sommelier, we selected a Rioja which was absolutely stunning.  The cocktail program is also robust and our pre-dinner drinks were all happily enjoyed.  . . Our selections of tapas were all very good and portioned out so that there was enough for all 9 of us to have a taste (or more).  The foie gras was delicious as was the pata negra (the pinnacle of jamon Iberico).  Other highlights included the sauteed padron peppers, lamb chops, beef filet.  We also had ceviche, grilled calamari, scallops, chorizo ... all tasty.  The mixed seafood paella was definitely a letdown, the rice too soft and textureless.  Desserts were outstanding, in particular the churros with chili spiced dark chocolate dipping sauce ... that was DA BOMB!
In town forbusiness alone, I sidled up to the bar and had a great meal and conversation.. . Bartenders were awesome, recommending the best dishes on the menu. The guy making ceviche let me in on his ceviche-making artistry. My neighbor, also a woman in town for business, was awesome. We shared bites of food so I got to try a few items on the menu:. . Tuna-rapsberry skewer -- just beautiful, a piece of art. The molecular raspberry is unusual and delicious.. Beef and Cheese -- I would not have ordered if the bartender didn't swear it was his favorite. Turns out, it was mine as well. GET THIS.. Mixed Seafood Ceviche -- perfectly seasoned and just perfect. Among the best ceviche I've had anywhere -- including south america.. . I had a couple of glasses of wine, which made the experience all the more enjoyable too.
I'm basing this review on the fact that it's a tapas restaurant because if it was compared to regular restaurant food it would only be a three stars. In saying this, Julian Serrano is a really good tapas bar. This place is located in the Wynn and is very large and open. It's great for people watching cause it's right in front of the check in. Let's get to the food. . On the bill:. Fishermans Soup . Tuna Cones. Mediterranean Bass . Imported Spanish Serrano Ham . Creamy Risotto. Stuffed Dates. Beef And Cheese . Grilled Lamb Chop . Mixed Paella . . The bill came out to $400, which to me seems very steep for 6 people but I was really full. Overall, a cute place to catch up with friends.
We wanted something small to eat, so we went to Julian Serrano for tapas. We had the marinated olives, albondigas (meatballs) and a flatbread. Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful. We especially loved the sauce on the albondigas! The red and white sangrias were also delicious. They were fruity, but not overly sweet. I would definitely come here again!
I came here with my boss for dinner on weeknight for some tapas and it wasn't too busy-- we were seating right away at the bar. . . This is located in the Aria hotel downstairs and it's pretty easy to spot. The decor is very modern and trendy-- fake trees (looks like cherry blossom trees but no blossom), colorful striped wallpaper, and the walls are all made out of glass.. . -  Imported Spanish "Pata Negra" ham ("the most delicious ham in the world"): slices of beautiful pata negra, served with toasted bread and garlic tomato sauce. WOW. Im glad I got to try this! Wayy better than any other cured meats i've tried! A bit pricey for 10 small slices but definitely worth it!. . - Olives: The assortment of olives was a good choice! All super fresh and nice to nibble on while we enjoyed the other plates and drinks. . . - Cheese Platter: Cana de cabra (soft goat's milk), one year old manchego (sheep's milk), Cabrales (cow's milk), La Serena (soft sheep's milk), and some sweet pasty looking thing that tasted like dried figs. Served with toasted bread. Great selection of cheese for the platter-- there was a soft cheese, mild cheese, a more pungent cheese, and a dense cheese. The sweet fig paste paired nicely with the saltier cheeses. . - Spanish Tortilla: Not your typical flat sheet of tortilla! This one is at least 2 inches thick, soft, and made out of potatoes, onions, and eggs. You can taste the soft chunks of potatos an egg-- very tasty and savory.. . - Sauteed Foie Gras: I HAD to order foie gras since I wasn't in CA. A slice of foie with a sauce that tasted like balsamic vinaigrette, served on toast and chickpea mash. I wish the slice of foie was bigger, but all 2 bites were amazing! Super rich and creamy. . . - Santiago's cake: A slice of almond cake, turron ice cream. This wasn't as memorable as the other dishes but the cake was super moist and the ice cream paired well with the cake (turron is an ice cream made with almonds).. . Nice place to grab some BOMB Spanish Tapas if you're staying at Aria/Vdara!
Ate here with a half dozen people.  We probably ordered 25 dishes, maybe 30.  Nearly all were hits.  I'll say, this is a large menu and there is a lot to try.  So, we were adventurous and ordered out of our comfort zone on a lot of things.  But, the baby eel omelet was just a miss.  I don't recommend it and won't get it again.  And, baby eels look....exactly like you think they do.  I like how you order several dishes, they bring them as they are prepared, and you can then order again.  I think we had 3 or maybe 4 rounds of ordering.. . The sangria is very good, as many yelpers note.  If you have enough of it, the bill can get away from you at this place.  Those small prices add up friends.  Be advised.
Tasty foods, nice service!  The reason that I didn't rate 5 stars is that it was too noisy.
Went to have dinner there before the Zarkana Show.  Booked a 6:45p.m. reservation time, because they have a $39 Pre Fixe menu until 7p.m.  Never heard of Julian Serrano (the person ) before.... . What a beautiful restaurant.  The $39 Pre Fixe menu was very generous did not even finish the food, there was too much.  The wine menu was extensive.  The service is 1st rate, 1st class, when you turn your head for a second, they are already filling your water glass.. . I would give it 4.5 stars but yelp would not let me.
Overall dining experience was great. It's located over at the Aria. It's a great place with a group of people to share a meal. We ordered a bunch of tapas and just shared them all. Our favorite dish was the Paella - they took their time to prepare this dish and it was big enough to share with 4 people. . . We also ordered some red sangria. It was light and refreshing. Glad we decided to try this place to satisfy our stomachs.
One of the better restaurants at Aria.  . Used food credit from Expedia ($100). Ordered the Squid ink black rice, Ox tail, green salad. . Service was attentive and unobtrusive and quick.  . . Not much around for other choices.  Mexican (we didn't go), Thai (little overpriced for thai) english bar ( we didn't go) cafe (similar to all the other hotels) buffet (definitely have to do this one too)
Julian serrano definitely deserves it's high reviews. I found the lobster gazpacho soup to be excellent with enough lobster meat to be noteworthy and the gazpacho to be puree style not my favorite style normally but worked well here. The gazpacho is very nicely spiced. I really enjoyed the mixed seafood ceviche, good amount of assorted fish and excellently spiced with well balanced mix of lime and cilantro and a nice kick to it. I was less enamored with the octopus and potatoes as i found it too greasy and just not noteworthy from a taste perspective. I am a real wine guy and while i am normally a red wine drinker i had to have white due to the fish dishes and i enjoyed the hondarrabi zuri ( by the glass) which is a nice crisp, refreshing wine with enough depth and structure to stand up o these tapas. After the gazpacho and 2 tapas i had room for dessert and a lot on the dessert menu appealed to me but i went with the santiago's cake which was decent but not great. I found it a bit heavy with no real compelling taste but did find the accompanying scoop of ice cream more noteworthy.
I really liked Julian Serrano. I'm a lover of tapas restaurants and Spanish food in general. . It's best to come here with a group of people so you can get a little taste of everything. . . Some of my favorites were the tuna cones and the white anchovies on toast. . We also got a huge skillet of paella. It was filled with lobster tails, scallops, shrimp, mussels etc.. . Although the paella was very good, it was a little dry. . . The service was great throughout the night. Overall, I would probably go again sometime.
My parents ate at Julian Serrano previously and liked it and so I decided to take them back.  Lot of great tapas ranging from the tuna raspberry skewer, iberico ham sliders, salmon cake, squid ink rice, tuna cones, sauteed foie and a large paella.  The white sangria was excellent!  I wished there were more iberico ham was there were only a few slices.  Anyway, the place is good but pricey as expected from Vegas.
Food and service and atmosphere were all excellent.  Prices are not cheap, but they are on par with other Vegas restaurants of the same caliber.  Quite good overall, I will return.
Had the opportunity to dine this evening solo at bar.  The staff was inviting and made me feel quite comfortable.  Savored the Creamy Risotto with wild mushrooms as aged Manchego.  Perfectly cooked (and I can't say that for a lot of the Risotto I have had while dining out).  This is a Tapas style restaurant so plates are small and delightful.
Excellent food. Ordered the lamb chop,  picxto chorizo,  cannelloni,  manchego bread,  fried peppers I got two orders they were so goo.  Service is a little slow but good food if u don't mind the wait
I ate dinner here with two other ladies during a girls weekend to Vegas. We were staying at the Aria and wanted a nice dinner, so we decided to try Julian Serrano before heading to a show and club. I am a huge tapas fan so I was happy to try this place out. Located near the check-in desk and not too far off the casino floor, it is not a hard place to find. Additionally even though we did not have reservations, they sat us right away at 6:30 pm, most likely since we were dining a tad early by Vegas standards.. . I'm still getting use to restaurants being hi-tech, so I was surprised when our waiter handed us an IPAD instead of a wine menu. However I didn't need to scroll too far once I saw they had an Albarino (my favorite kind of wine) on the menu. My two dining companions left the ordering to me which was really nice. Thankfully at the end of the meal they thought I did a good job or it could have been disasterous!. . For food we got the seared scallop (3 come with the order), pan manchego, bravas potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, and the traditional spanish chicken croquetas, topped off with the molten chocolate cake for dessert. The scallops were cooked to perfection (they melted in my mouth) and the peppers had a little kick due to the goat cheese that oozed out of them. I have had better bravas potatoes at other tapas restaurants, but my dining companions really enjoyed them along with the pan manchego. The chicken croquetas were all of our least favorite dish - something about the texture just turned me personally off. The chocolate cake was a nice way to cap the meal and, needless to say, not one bite was left of it.. . If Yelp had half stars, I would give it a 3.5, but am rounding up to four because we had very good service, really liked the atmosphere/ambiance of the restaurant, and pretty much all the food we tried was solid. It just didn't blow me away like other tapas places I have been to. On a future Vegas visit, I would come back with more people to try more of the menu as there were plenty of dishes that appealed to me.
Great menu! Great Tapas. . A little on the loud side and informal but fun and nice for Tapas!
a bit disorganized at the check-in due to design of reception area. once seated very interesting menu. great combinations among the tapas dishes. well presented and fantastic flavors. wait staff very timely and polite. Atmosphere was lively but too loud. would have given 5 but for the chaos at front desk and stingy wine pour.
Spectacular ceviche, fish dishes, atmosphere in the aria. Debated between this and jaleo, wasn't disappointed! Could have done without the Spanish tostada, too potatoey for my taste.
The hubs and I stopped in for a few drinks and appetizers before heading out to dinner at The Cosmopolitan and had a great time! We were staying at Aria and wanted to grab a quick drink before heading off to dinner -- enter Julian Serrano. Easy location and no wait? Score. Overall it was a great experience. The service was top-notch and the food was awesome! Honestly it was hard to narrow down the menu to just two small plates since we were going to be eating dinner elsewhere. We settled on the pancetta and goat cheese stuffed dates and the bravas which were both delicious. For drinks we both had the sangria which was excellent as well. Will definitely return for dinner next time!
Tapas! Yes, the hot food trend is front and center at Julian Serrano. And he does a magnificent job weaving ceviches, charcuterie and (of course) paella throughout your table.. . There is so much to choose from on the menu that there's really no sense in describing it all. Just try a little of everything and enjoy! Thoroughly! Each bite is so full of flavor your pallet will never get bored.. . The decor is ultra modern but casual like almost everything in Vegas and it's right off the main Aria lobby. Service was impeccable - not hovering but also there whenever you need it. Friendly, helpful and attentive.. . Don't be fooled by the relatively low cost per plate. It adds up quickly to a hefty dinner tab. But, what doesn't cost a bundle in Vegas these days? Enjoy the magical culinary adventure that is Julian Serrano Tapas and worry about your bank account tomorrow!
Always a great time!!!
Fun lil tappas place. Good atmosphere. Different areas for intimate dining, group dining or entertaining view fromthe bar. Server was informative without being pushy. Portions fill you up just enough.
This place is so good. The drinks are good especially the Sangria-- Wowser it is strong. I have been here many times and tried many things on the menu. My favorite is the mixed grill paella. The ceviche is also a favorite. The only problem is if you go with 3 people there is always that odd moment of who is getting that extra piece. The plates usually come with 2 or 4 pieces. So if you go in a group of 3, get ready to fight. It is totally worth it. Or just order extra plates.
Great: lobster gazpacho, mixed seafood ceviche, risotto, sangria. Really Good: ox tail wrapped in pancetta, ahi tuna tempura rolls. Good: cheese plate, pistachio tart, chocolate lava cake, chorizo and chicken paella. Disappointing: warm spinach salad
We were both were really looking forward to this place because we saw they had churros for dessert and they were a tapas place.  We got the the restaurant and had a reservation through open table (we requested somewhere where we could see the entire restaurant because it really was beautiful, they sat us in the back next to a pillar which blocked the entire restaurant BOO). . We ordered first the whitefish ceviche (really really good) .  The taro chips complemented the ceviche perfectly. Then we had the tuna cones, they were really good as well.  All their seafood tasted really fresh (for being in a landlocked state).  Next was the soup, I thought it was ok but a but on the salty side, but the BF loved it.  We had the pan manchengo next, soo light and good.  And our last dishes were the lobster with the mashed potatoes and asparagus and the beef and cheese.  These were really good the lobster was cooked very nicely and seemed to be wrapped in prosciutto, very nice and crispy and the beef and cheese was nice and medium rare.  Really good beef but a bit on the heavier side.. . Overall it was a really nice dinner and we really enjoyed it.  Sadly we could not order dessert, we we just way too full.. We would definitely come back next time and those churros are on the list.
Let me start this out by saying that my feelings about this place fall somehwere between A-OK and I'm a fan. I had a reservation, made through Open Table, for a party of 4. Two people arrived early and were seated right away. When I arrived, a drink menu was promptly delivered...actually it was an iPad but same thing, and our drink were ordered. The atmosphere was loud in a Saturday night kind of way. Unfortunatley, two of our dinning companions were a bit older and hearing was an issue for them. I suspected this might be a problem, as Tapas restarants normally promote drinking and plate sharing which leads to lots of guest interaction. But I just went with it. . . We ordered the Tuna raspberry skewers, the spicy tuna cones, a serrano ham plate, truffle risotto, a salmon dish, galic chicken, and artichokes. I woudl say 50% was delicios, the other 50% was just meh. The artichokes were little grease bites, the salmon was forgettable and the raspberry tuna skewers looked better than they tasted. My favorite was the spicy tuna cone. It had great texture and the flavors worked really well. The serrano ham plate was simple and everyone gobbled it up. The risotto wasn't the best i've ever had but the truffle flavor was intense and I'm a sucker for truffle anything. . . Dessert: Churros with chocolate dipping sauce & Almond cake. The churros were hot but plain, no sugar or cinnimon sprinked on them. The chocolate sauce was thick and slightly spiced with chili, yum. I prefered the almond cake. It was simple and a nice finish to the meal but nothing I would specifically recommend to a visitor. . . Drinks- I have an obsession with Aviations and the one here was really good. Not a great as the ones made at the Vesper Bar but still very tasty. They also had a nice wine list but the waiters knowledge was not that extensive to be able to make suggestions without pouring multiple tastes. . . Easy to get a reservation and fun if you want to mingle. Dishes are different that your typical tapas fare, even though there are the staples, and its always fun to try somethinig new.
Tapas - small dishes - are an excellent way to spend an evening, enjoying the flavored and a great glass of red!  Enjoyed the white ceviche, garlic chicken, tuna, sliders et al!  Service was prompt and pleasant.
The Ceviche was amazing! Was surprised that this place was able to pull off such a dish! We ordered a dishes but by far, Ceviche was the best.. . Service is great! Our server, Eddie was phenomenal! The atmosphere was relaxed, not too crowded but just busy enough to give the place life.  The only thing that keeps me from going back is parking at Aria. What a mess that is!
I love this place!! I'm regretting waiting so long to try it but this is a go to place when I'm in town.  All the food except maybe one thing we ordered was excellent.  We ordered 10 dishes and I think the one that stand out the most was the Rabo De Toro.  Other favorites was the risotto, Foiegras, short ribs and the donuts!. Can't miss that with the Churros.  You can double dip the chocolate and the butterscotch from the donuts!
Went here last weekend for a bachelorette party. We had planned to start the night out with a light dinner here. Reservations for our party of seven were made in advance because we had plans to get to a club by 11. We showed up a few minutes early for our reservation and the hostess says it will be a few minutes, you're the next party of seven. Now I have no problem waiting 5-10 minutes for them to clear the tables or whatever but we waited over 45 minutes. By this point we were starving and worried about making it to our later plans. I wish I could have given this place 5 stars because the food really was great and the service (after speaking with the manager about our dilemma) was awesome. The food was served quickly and the prices were pretty reasonable considering everything on Vegas is a little pricey. I'd go here again but only if I wasn't in a rush to be somewhere!
Having no expectation of this place and a pretty bad experience with Spanish cuisine, I must say I was amazed at how Julian Serrano has proved me wrong and makes me want to return to try more tapas.. . For two people, we split an order of paella (takes 40 mins to make, enough for 2 according to their menu, enough for 4 if you are ordering some tapas). We started off the meal with the sliders, ceviche, and chicken croquetas. We might have ordered a dish too many as we were waiting for our paella, but oh well! I loved their croquetas. Crispy outer layer with a creamy, juicy chicken filling. It's like a bite sized pot pie! Although the dish is quite petite, it can be quite heavy. The ceviche I ordered contained white fish, octopus, scallops served with these chips reminded me of some root (I'm guessing its a lotus chip. ) it's a good light and appetizing small dish. The chips balances out the not too overwhelming lime juice. The tentacles weren't tough to chew, not overdone. . . We had the mixed paella with Spanish chorizo, lobster,  mussels, chicken, artichokes, peas. Some of the other paella sounded tastier but I couldn't decide between chorizo and lobster so why not both? It's a fragrant dish served fresh on its hot plate, with thesteam with juicy chicken and fresh seafood seeping out of the saffron rice. The dish isn't extremely dry, overlooked, or salty. It has been way too long since I've had paella like this.. . I couldn't finish half my paella since I do want to make some room for desserts. We split the molten chocolate cake with blood orange sorbet. After tasting some crappy fake blood orange flavored sugary ice with food coloring, I'm glad to have some real blood orange sorbet that is on point! It's a must for me to have some tarty flavors in case the chocolate gets too sweet and overwhelming. The chocolate cake itself is actually semisweet. Good on its own, great with the sorbet. That warm and cold mixture just gets you when you're indoors at somewhere with super high AC but you're still in the desert. The cake is not dense at all, very airy textured, just enough to hold the warm chocolate filing in the center.. . Definitely worth my dollars. Can't wait to come back and try more tapas!
I had my favorite meal during my 4 days in Vegas here at Julian Serrano.  The menu is impressive, there are so many plates to choose from.  It's tapas style but I was stuffed after ordering 2 dishes.  I got the gambas a la plancha (head-on prawns), a bit of a mess to eat, I think I would try something else next time but delicious.  My favorite was the Rabo de toro (oxtail AND iberico?).  can't go wrong with that one.  I ordered a glass of russian river pinot noir that was delicious (@ $18/glass, one would hope so).  ONe thing that turned me off was one of the bartenders who served me.  He pushed sangria on me, saying it was the best drink to order.  1) it was the cheapest (not that that necessarily means anything and 2) it was the sweetest and I told him I don't like sweet drinks.  The other bartender who served me completelycancelled this guy out though, he was awesome and attentive.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular here.  The prices are reasonable and meet my expectations for the quality.  A delightful, and polar opposite experience to Bar Masa.
I love this place. There, I said it.. . If I could pick a secret super-hero dining tool, it would be an extending fork. I love to try everything - all of it. A perfect meal for me means I have sampled it all.... Shared with my neighbor and snagged a little something from your plate. No need here, small plates built to share means people like me are happy campers!. . Although its billed as a Spanish tapas joint, it has a more American flare.. . My faves of the evening:. - goat cheese lollipops - ohhhh we ordered more!. - steak. - donuts. - churros (clearly I have a dessert problem). . My not faves -. - calamari - table loved it, just not my thing. - paella - my muscles were a bit strong. . Fantastic drinks, people watching and service. We dines with 8 people, and had a ton of dishes. The bill slit was 120 which seemed pretty good. Great value, and super convenient for the cirque show.. . It didn't hurt that we sat next to a fabulous bachelorette party dressed as Air Force pilots (nice one ladies). . Ill go back. Loads of fun and great food.
Overall a really nice restaurant. Great food. . I did think that some of the portions sizes were a little small or maybe there were just too many of us! . My favorite dishes were, Spanish tortilla (excellent) brava potatoes, scallops, lamb chop. . We also ordered the mixed paella. It was just ok. The mussels & lobster in it were delicious, but otherwise it was just bleh! . I don't drink sangria but the other 8 people in my party loved it. . Overall a good dining experience.
I'm not really one for eating tapas, but our group ate here after a little convincing and it was quite good. The pace of tapas coming to the table is a little too slow for me, but Serranos seemed to pull things off quite nicely.. . If you like tapas, I'd highly recommend. Everyone in our group thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
Love this place. It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Luckily we had a reservation and we were seated right away. The service was fairly quick. The ambiance is lively and bright, it's loud but bearable, everyone looked like they were having a good time.. . Continue on to the food. There are many selections on tapas, price ranges from $11-$30 each most of them are at $14-$16 which are fairly reasonable being a restaurant at the Aria. We ordered the Mixed Seafood Ceviche, the Lobster Saffron and the Bomba (spicy meatball) to start off. All were delicious. Then we shared a Mixed Paellas $50, can be shared among 2 ppl, (lobster, mussels, chicken, spanish pork chorizo and vegetables over saffron rice). The rice was a little hard for me but the seafood were cooked to perfection. Hint: all the dished we've tried was a little on the salty side, that's how they get you to drink more. We also had a pitcher of white Sangria which was way more than enough alcohol for the 2 of us.. . By the end of the meal we were too stuffed to try dessert. We'llbe back next time to try other tapas.. they all sound so good.
I've always been pretty suspicious of tapas restaurants. All to often restaurants use "tapas' as an excuse to serve up small portions at high prices. And while Julian Serrano is no exception to this, the small plates of deliciousness served up here are worth it if your a tapas fan.. . Couple of items I definitely think are worth checking out: goat cheese lollipops, Spanish sliders, brava potatoes and of course churros for dessert. However beware, the ribs here nothing but flavored fat. The food was delicious without a doubt, I could probably eat most of those dishes again without hesitation. . . Julian Serrano like the other restaurants at City Center looks great. Nice open spot, very hip and service was nothing to complain about. Hit up OpenTable to get a reservation unless you like waiting.. . JS is definitely more expensive than some of the other tapas restaurants around the Strip, but hey... you are eating at Aria after all. Around $10-$20 for most plates but the portions are small. I couldn't help but be disappointed at how small the plates were. Each tapa usually translates to only 2-3 bites when sharing with the table. I doubt anyone can leave this place satisfied for under $40. . . Last minute tip: check out M-life to see if they have promotions for this place. Bringing down the price makes JS definitely worth it!
Love this place.  I had eaten at BarMasa the night before and was not impressed there, but am so happy that I stumbled upon Julian Serrano.  Nice atmosphere with awesome Tapa's.  We sat at the bar, which was more like a table for 4 and had a great time and awesome meal.  Ordered a not so expensive bottle of wine and just kept ordering off the menu one at a time until we were full.  DEFINITELY try the ahi tuna.  Unreal and worth a second order.  . . Service at the bar was exceptional and it was a fun evening.  . . It was packed, but in my opinion sit at the bar tables if its just a few (or two in my case) of you.  I think its a better more social scene there and you aren't shuffled off into the bowels of the restaurant (actually its pretty open, just saying the bar area is better).. . A fan here!
Had a very nice lunch here. I believe it was $19 for three courses. Started with lobster gazpacho followed by a very nice salmon entree and a piece of almond cake for desert. Wife had the gazpacho, the chicken and flan. The chicken was very delicious. A great value for lunch in Vegas.
While on a girls' trip to Vegas, we came here to eat - the fact that we could order multiple plates and share them was enticing. We started off with a pitcher of Sangria that was really refreshing. . . For plates, we got the following dishes, and I put them in the order of what I liked the best:. 1. short ribs (my favorite but we had 2 orders - 1 fall of the bone amazing, 1 kind of tough). 2. white ceviche. 3. stuffed dates. 4.  brava potatoes. 5. garlic chicken. 6. spanish tortilla. . Tips/Info:. - Get roughly 2-3 small dishes per person.. - Make a reservation ahead of time. - It's inside ARIA just past the main hotel check-in desk
Tapas were good.  Definitely would go again.  Really liked the goat cheese lollipops.
Delicious food, great atmosphere. It was just loud, we had a hard time hearing one another. Small portions!!!!!
Oh, yum. Everything I had was really tasty! Tapas are usually expensive, so I didn't see this place being that much more expensive than others, but for a few extra dollars you get a lot of flavor. They have a lot of "new" kinds of tapas that are a fusion of other ethnic foods but you also have the traditional spanish tapas such as mussels, gazpacho, and the like. . . What did we get?. Asparagus. Spinach. Chicken croquetas (Don't get this. not worth the money) . Spanish tortilla. Mussels. White ceviche. Yellow tail dish (it was 3 raw slices of yellow tail that was wrapped around this sauce filled with what they said was "sweet potato haystack"...JUST GET IT.) . Gazpacho w/ lobster (MY absolute favorite, had this ball that broke open in your mouth that had this super savory broth in it) . Paella valenciana (for 2). . Oh, and a glass or red wine sangria and a pitcher of sparkling white sangria. . Man oh man. Bill turned out to be 212 dollars or so. Not too terrible for a tapas place.. . What dishes were the stars in my opinion? . . 1. Gazpacho- it was one of the BEST i've ever had. Lobster pieces were BIG too, and that weird sphere thing was tasty! Hard to share, since it's soup, though. BTW it's kinda cute that the waiter warns you that it's a cold soup. I guess people have made that mistake before, but don't get put off by it- it's SUPER refreshing! . . 2. White ceviche- ohh...so orgasmically delicious. I wish they would put more taro chips on there with the ceviche...and I wish they would have a separate plating of the chips and ceviche so the chips won't get soggy. . . 3. YELLOWTAIL ...it's pricy.. 3 pieces for 16 bucks so it was basically almost a 6 dollar bite you're paying for (plus tax and tip)  ...but it was so worth it. We didn't know it was only 3 pieces or else we wouldn't have gotten it, but if you're a baller...get this dish. it's extravagant, delicious and PERFECT. The best 6 dollars you'll put in yo mouth. . . 4. I personally loved the spinach. It might not be worth it to some, but it was cooked great with pine nuts, raisins and apple pieces all lightly sauteed. it was perfect. . . Things that weren't so great: . . 1. Mussels: I've had better mussels at other places. These mussels were small, and kind of sad. They all came out luke warm, too. Not that much broth in there either. My favorite mussels are from Cha Cha Cha's in San Francisco. These...just didn't keep up.. . 2. Croquetas. bleh. I was expecting something else. some other girls in my table liked it but I wasn't impressed especially with the price.. . 3. Worst was the tortilla. I really, REALLY wanted to like this. They gave you one small slice of an already made portion- I get that part. But I've had and had made spanish tortilla before and I get why it wasn't made to order.  The reason why I didn't say it was that good was because it was way too salty. Across the table, every single person in our party said it was salty...and it was. The texture, the flavor was all really, really nice... it was just the excess salt in the dish that made it not quite as tasty.. . Overall, a really nice experience. The paella was good and the portion for 2 people is enough for tapas for 4 or 5 or even more. For 4 girls, we got 2 tapas each and a paella to share and I think that's more than enough. We were stuffed beyond belief. (The waiter said 2-3 tapas per person..but i think you can get away with 1-2..and share a paella) . . The sparkling sangria and the red sangria were both excellent. I'd love to come here again..but I'm ballin' on a budget so if I go to another expensive restaurant it's gonna be at a new one so I can try 'em all.
Pretty darn good. Nothing I didn't like and we had a bunch to eat.  Small but very tasty tapas.  Get a table in the back, the front area isn't that hip but the tables in back with super comfortable chairs were nice.
My husband and I had a late lunch here and it was easily one of the best meals we've had in Vegas.. . In total, we ordered the white ceviche, lobster saffron, cheese lollipop, albondigas, spanish iberico sliders, beef and cheese, and seared scallop. Everything was really good. I thought the white ceviche and albondigas were only okay, which surprised me since so many people go crazy over the ceviche in reviews. It actually tasted a little bland to me, but still was very good! Everything else was fantastic and presented beautifully. I was glad it was only me and my husband because we would have been fighting over those dishes if there were more people!. . The dishes came out really quickly, and our waiter was attentive. Oddly enough, he seemed very rushed when we came in and almost rude to us taking our initial food and drink order. As we continued to order more food and more drinks, he became quite a bit more friendly and attentive. LOL, funny how that works!. . My husband drank Riesling and I had a cherry sort of martini I can't remember the name of. It was really good, not too sweet and a little tart.. . Overall, I'd highly recommend this place! Come hungry!
i totally enjoyed the food here. They have delicious food and sangria. This is what i ordered. . Short ribs. Stuffed Dates. Pan Tomate. grilled rib eye steak. lobster saffron. yellowtail tiradito
Fantastic food-I found this place through Yelp and am so happy I tried it. The sparkling sangria was light and refreshing. Mixed green salad was pretty standard except for the trio of nuts which made it all the better. Brava potatoes were delish with just the right amount of spice. Ahi tuna cones were great but hard to figure out how to eat gracefully. My favorite part was the spicy lamb meatballs-they were out of this world!! The reason for a 4-star instead of a 5...terrible service. After taking our order we didn't see our server (Name on receipt said Richard L. was our cashier - not sure if that's the server too) again until bill time-others brought our dishes and no one stopped to ask how anything was. No offers to get us another drink, no water refills, nothing. Surprising that such poor service is tolerated in a nice place that is not inexpensive.
This restaurant has a great vibe and vibrant, bright decor that just gives our dining experience a fun feel.  We enjoyed our dinner and tapas, only complaint would be that the food came out way, way too fast.  We sat down at 7ish, ordered soon after (about 5 or 6 different tapas), and by 7:30 or so all of our food had been served.  We hadn't even finished our first glasses of wine yet.  Lesson learned: only order 2 at a time so you can spread out the meal.  We ended up ordering another dish just so we could sit and relax for awhile, and my husband was still hungry.. . The food itself was excellent, hence the 4 stars.  Highlights were the lobster gazpacho, Spanish tortilla, ahi tuna tempura, and Spanish iberico sliders. Avocado cannelloni was good but a little rich.  My husband also enjoyed the olives.  For dessert we had the bunuelos (Spanish donuts) with butterscotch and caramel; they were ok, would have been much better with just caramel or dulce de leche, no butterscotch.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE EARLY EVENING DINNER TASTING MENU -- $39/PP. . APPETIZER . - lobster gazpacho | traditional chilled spanish soup with lobster meat. (upon receiving this order .. I thought this was going to be a rich dense soup but it is really light and a nice chill taste. highly recommend this dish as an appetizer). . - stuffed piquillo peppers | goat cheese | mushrooms . (one of my favorite tapas menu item to order. Nice spice and the goat cheese was cooked to perfection). . . ENTREE . - fish | fresh seasonal selection. (fish for the day was a salmon. I usually rarely order something I can make myself at home but the fish was cooked perfectly. nice slice and seasoned well. paired with baby carrots and seasonal vegetables. I would opt for the other items available if possible but still a nice entree). . - pork chop | sous vide pork chop | baby carrots | dry fruit | px demi. (entree is HUGE! might take 3 people to finish this course. the dates and prunes were a great addition to the dish. sauce was amazingly flavorful. a definite try). . DESSERT . - molten chocolate cake | baked meringue | blood orange sorbet. (best dessert available. blood orange sorbet was beautifully crafted. chocolate cake was so gorgeous). . - santiago's cake | almond cake | turron ice cream | caramelized nuts . (server recommended this cake over the the other option. Can't get Turron ice cream like this anywhere.. . . OVERALL. Julian Serrano is known for his work over at Picasso at the Bellagio. His tapas inspired restaurant at the Aria is bit more casual than his offering at the other hotel. I definitely will be returning to try his popular tapas items. Highly recommend this restaurant to all of my peers visiting in Vegas.
Best tapas place on the Strip...the bathroom intercom also speaks to you in Spanish :) sounds cheesy but it's certainly a quirky add on to this hip spot. Loved every single item we ordered, but the dates are a must-try!
Great happy hour.. Get the croquetas!. Get the foie gras! Kinda pricey but so, so yummy.. Don't get the potato items! Unless you want filler food! They give so much! And they become filler food! . Get the drinks during happy hour! They're regularly $14, but half off during happy hour!!!. . The dessert menu was seriously the best I've ever seen (according to things I like: flan, almond stuff, ice cream stuff). I wish I had more room in my stomach to eat those desserts. Instead, I will have to try it another time. But seriously, can someone please try the desserts so I can read the wonderful yelp review of them?
I greatly enjoyed this place with my girlfriend. Our idea for coming to Julian Serrano was to eat a lot for a good price, be full, but not too full before our showing of LOVE at the Mirage. We love variety, and Spanish Tapas definitely fell into this category of food exploration.. . The ambiance is very open and colorful matching Aria's theme. You aren't locked up in a restaurant, and you hear everything that is going on within Aria. While away from the casino floor itself, you feel like you are in a mild busy cityscape.. . We had a early dinner reservation at 4:15PM on a Saturday and the place was not packed at all. We sat down, and pretty much knew what we wanted to order and how we wanted to order it since we did our research on Yelp before coming, so here's the breakdown of how everything was. The order going down is how we ordered with the category that it is in. We went in 3's as the tapas come out very quickly!. . 1. Tuna Raspberry Skewers - Unique twist on sushi. Square in shape, and eaten like a lollipop, I never thought tuna and raspberries would work, but they do! The tuna was soft, the raspberries sweet, but still tart. The crazy thing is that the raspberry is on the side, and they are filled with wasabi. So you eat the tuna skewer + the raspberry with wasibi, and wala ~ tasty tuna sushi. Rating: 4/5. . 2. Creamy Risotto - The risotto was cooked perfectly, and the wild mushrooms stood out. The manchego cheese was pungent, but tasty tasty because of it's different texture. Rating: 4/5. . 3. Stuffed Dates - So good! SOOOOO SOOOOO GOOD! This one stood out for us. The date covered in crispy pancetta with the tomato marmalade stuffed with goat cheese. Melt in your mouth FOODGASM. Rating: 5/5. . 4. White Ceviche - This was a really zesty and fresh ceviche. The white fish was soft, and the mixture of peppers, red onions, and cilantro gave a good bite. Served with crackers, I felt that there may have been too much lime juice. Rating: 3.5/5. . 5. Spanish Tortilla - This I felt was a take on breakfast & hashbrowns. While many will say it is nothing special, I am a hashbrown feen, so I found it delicious lol. Rating: 3.5/5. . 6. Octopus - I've NEVER -- EVER -- EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR had octopus this soft before. It was ridiculous how soft it was. I don't know how they got it like this, but some parts just tasted like bone marrow consistency. With potato & Spanish paprika, it was a simple delight. Rating: 4/5. . 7. Yellowtail with Yam - The crispy yam made this tapa stand out. For if there was none, it would of just been sashimi, and I wouldn't have paid for it. Fresh fish, crispy sweet yam. A sweet and savory combo that worked. Rating: 3.5/5. . 8. Lobster Saffron - Half lobster tail, saffron oil, iberian pork, creamy potatoes, asparagus. The lobster was wrapped with the iberian pork. The tail was juicy, the potatoes as well. This felt more like a little entree. While delicious, I'm not sure if it was worth getting. Rating: 3/5. . 9. Albondigas - Oh fluffy fluffy meatballs. So simple, yet so good. Great light sweet tomato sauce. Succulent juicy meatballs that just melt in your mouth. Potatoes in squares lightly crispy. Can I get a side order of rice to fill my Asian needs, and pasta to fill my love for Italian please? Rating: 4/5. . So that was the meal, and as you can see, we ordered a good amount for two people. It filled us, but it didn't overfill us, and that's what we enjoyed. There was nothing bad about the meal, and everything was prepared well. For the price, some may question it, but it's Vegas. I would complain if the food was horrible, but it simply wasn't. You can go ahead and spend $60-80 on a piece of steak medium rare, or come here and experience more for your money! Julian Serrano gets 4.5/5 from me! I may get adventurous next time around and eat things that Yelp has yet to see from here.
Had their prix fixe menu: stuffed peppers, pork chops, dessert. It was all very good and reasonably priced. Our server was very good and I liked the decor.
Having recently come back from Spain earlier this summer, I was anxious to try out Julian Serrano Tapas. I made reservations a day beforehand for an early dinner around 5pm since my group had to catch Mystere at T.I. for the 7pm showing. The reservation was not necessary. In general, whenever I walked by this restaurant throughout the day, it did not appear to be crowded, so I do not believe you really need a reservation. . . My group decided to order many items off of the Happy Hour menu. I believe Happy Hour goes from 4-5:30pm everyday. I ordered the sparkling sangria, which was very refreshing. Others in my group ordered the red wine and red sangria, and they seemed to enjoy it. For the food, we ordered the spanish tortilla (my favorite), brava potatoes, tuna-raspberry skewer, spanish iberico sliders, and bomba. I really liked the bravas and the spanish tortilla. Very reminiscent of the ones I had in Barcelona. The tuna-raspberry skewer was different. I didn't find it amazing, but it wasn't bad. The bomba was good. It's a fried meatball of veal & pork tenderloin. Very spicy indeed. I was not a fan of the spanish iberico sliders. It was tasty, but very very greasy and oily.. . Service was good. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. He was aware that we had to catch a show, so he came back frequently to ask us if we wanted him to put in another order. . . I would love to try the paella sometime here when I have time to dine without any constraints. (The menu says to give 40 minutes for the paella)
My family and I dined here for tapas. At first we were worried that the kids might not have anything to eat here. But everybody loved what they ordered. Price is reasonable. We would come here again next time we're in Vegas. If you have to order Paella, order it ahead of time while waiting for your table since it takes about 30 min to prepare. It will cut down on your waiting time.. Paella is good for 2 people if that's the only thing you're ordering but if you have tapas on the side, 3-4 people can actually share it.. Great service too.
Delicious tapas, but the paella needed some work.. . I came here last year with some girlfriends and we had a delicious dinner of a variety of tapas. Because of my past dining experience, I made another reservation for my birthday dinner this past weekend. . . As I remembered, the tapas were delicious. We had the albondigas, ahi tempura, and the yellowtail with jalapeno. All were super flavorful and tasty. We also ordered the seafood paella and added shrimp. For a $60 dish, I expect to be blown away. But, the paella was really al dente - almost crunchy. The seafood was good, but not great. About half the mussels didn't open up either, so I was sure to discard them. . . I would definitely go back again for tapas, but I'm steering clear of the paellas.
I really enjoyed my meal here!!  I'd say it's in my top 5 of Vegas restaurants. . . . Stuffed Dates - 5/5 - must get these so delicious!!. . Short ribs 5/5 - tender and flavorful!. . White ceviche 4/5 - large pieces and is lightly seasoned wish it had more kick. . Seared scallops  5/5 - I love scallops!! Too bad they weren't a little bigger, but was cooked perfectly . . Beef and cheese 3/5 - did not like the texture of the meat and did not like the combo with the cheese and walnuts and honey. . Creamy risotto 4/5 - wish the rice was just a tad softer and less salty as it was verry salty. . Churro 3/5 - I think I was hoping it would taste like the Disneyland churros but it's just lightly sugared fried dough you dip in chocolate sauce, much more authentic I'm sure. . The sliders looked good but I didn't get to try it. The sangria was good.. . Can't wait to go back!!
Swanky tapas, Vegas style!  Who doesn't like the sound of that?. . I certainly don't, so that's why I made a beeline to Julian Serrano for my first night's dinner on the Strip.. . First of all, Chef Julian Serrano's eponymous restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It overflows with bold, colorful tile that's a feast for the eyes.  It's also *very* loud in there, since it's directly adjacent to the Aria resort lobby, a mere feet from hordes of tired hotel guests checking in and out.  And, no, there are no walls to keep out the hubbub.. . After taking a seat at the long, comfortably, and classy bar, I was quickly helped by one of the friendly and efficiently bartenders.  After ordering a glass of Sauvignon blanc to whet the palate, I browsed the mouthwatering -- and **long** -- menu of tapas options.  The menu is nicely organized into fish/ceviche, veggie, and meat/poultry tapas, making it easy to navigate.  There's also a catch-all "new style" tapas category, as well as paellas and "platos grandes" for those of you with larger appetites.. . Four items were just enough to fill the belly without making me uncomfortably full.  Here's the rundown of what I tried:. . 1.  White ceviche.  Everyone knows I love a good ceviche, and this one was a knockout.  The white fish was tender and flaky, with just the right amount of heat and tang from the lime and cilantro.. . 2.  Brava potatoes.  This dish was a little less exciting than I thought it would be -- it's essentially just fries with aioli.  That said, the flavors were excellent.  There's a *lot* of aioli provided, so I ended up taking the excess off to prevent the potatoes from getting soft.  I did enjoy eating the potatoes with the little skewers provided.. . 3.  Tuna cones.  This dish was the weirdest and also my least favorite.  It consisted of 3 wantons (rolled into ice cream cones), which were filled with avocado, and then ahi tartare and aioli on top.  Again, my issue was the overabundance of aioli, which overwhelmed everything else.  I couldn't taste the tuna at all.. . 4.  Santiago's cake.  This was an almond cake dusted with powdered sugar, with a side of almond ice cream.  Simple but very well done.  My only gripe was that the cake was a little dry, but this was remedied by letting the ice cream melt all over it.  . . All in all, Julian Serrano was a great dinner, although the little hiccups along the way make me hesitant about rushing back.  After all, you're paying Vegas Strip prices here (most tapas are in the $10-15 range, but some are more), so you tend to expect perfection for your buck.. . That said, with all the amazing options on Julian Serrano's menu, it'd be hard to resist the temptation to try them all.  =)
Awesome Tapas dinner last night!!  Here's the rundown of all the deliciousness my friend and I tried:. . Goat cheese tomato marmalade cake, beef & cheese, calamari a la Plancha, tuna cones, creamy mushroom risotto, stuffed piquillo peppers, pan tomate and the chicken croquetas!!  . . Order any and/or all of the above and you will be a happy camper!  There is nothing we were disappointed with nor would have ordered differently.  Our waiter was great too- we thank him very much for recommending the red sangria, however, the pitcher is huge and even though it is perhaps a Vegas "bargain" at $42, it is quite excessive for only two ladies.  Save it for a bigger group and order by the glass if there are less than 3 ppl, unless you are a lush.
Good food. Exceptional service!. . I miss foie gras. Therefore, you can imagine how thrilled I was when I perused the menu at Julian Serrano and found that it was offered as a tapas dish for $20!. . I received a generously thick slice, seared to perfection, and beautifully presented atop a toasted brioche. Delicious!. . I was so delighted that I returned the next day with 4 of my girls who were also excited about the foie gras. When we received our plates, everyone was happy...except me. Where everyone else had gotten a repeat of the lovely foie gras dish I had received the day prior, mine looked like a burnt, shriveled up piece of unrecognizable offal placed on a piece of bread. I hemmed and hawed about whether or not I should suck it up and eat the damn thing, or speak to management about the difference between my dish and everyone else's. In the end, I opted to speak up because I was paying the same amount as everyone else and felt I deserved the same quality.. . The staff was very sweet and the manager was quick to have my dish taken back and replaced with something that more closely resembled what I had in mind. I felt that they handled the situation very graciously and professionally which really enhanced our dining experience.. . The foie gras was obviously the star of the show, but we also enjoyed the oxtail, salmon with truffle, garlic chicken, ahi tuna tartar cones, and poached lobster...among the many dishes we ordered. There were too many things to try, the tapas menu was vast to the point of being overwhelming! They also carry a nice selection of cocktails and wines.
While visiting Las Vegas and staying at nearby Vdara, we decided to have dinner here as it was listed as $$ which was important as we had already spent a lot of money.  The food was fantastic and in spite of the location being right near the casino, it was lively and had great decor.  As the food is "small plates", we had Kale Salad, Bravas Potatoes, Asparagus, Chicken Croquettes and Beef/Pork Sliders.  They asked if we wanted them spread out or all at once and we chose to have one at a time.  Each dish was perfectly sized for two people to share and we were stuffed by the time we were done, unfortunately leaving no room for dessert.
I am a big fan of Julian Serrano's food!  So many wonderfully authentic dishes, and several amazing options.. . My only qualm is that It is on the Strip and you are paying for that fact with your wallet whenever you come here...still if not for the Strip we would not have the vast culinary options that we do in Vegas, so I can't really hate on that.. . The ambiance is on par with other eateries in the Aria, and what you would expect from that type of property.. . As tapas go, It's hard to go wrong with the options here...lots of traditional selections as well as a great number of modern offerings.  Like many, I love sharing multiple items and tasting as many dishes as possible.  The seafood tapas have generally impressed me at JS.  One thing to keep in mind is that several options may throw the casual diner for a loop (ie chilled Lobster Gazpacho.)  Fortunately the staff doe a nice job with recommendations, but don't be that guy that that wants to impress people and order whatever they think looks good without actually knowing the words used in the menu...yes that actually happened once while I was here...and of course the tool tried to play it off like it wasn't his fault.. . I also love their selection of Sherry.  Not much more traditional to drink with Spanish food that a Spanish Sherry.  ...and so many options are affordable and are incredibly food friendly!  I'm not recommending that you experiment with Sherry as it's a bit of an acquired taste, but if you want a nice selection of Sherry, Julian's is your place.
Julian Serrano Tapas is conveniently located at Aria by The Crystals. It is a beautiful restaurant; my parents and I love the atmosphere and decor. The place is so huge that I don't think it is necessary to make a reservation but don't take my word for it. I like tapas because they are small and tasty. Tapas at JS were exactly that. They are fairly expensive though. So if you are really hungry I suggest you go somewhere else or be okay to spend a lot of money at this place. Desserts were amazing. Our waiter recommended 'Bunuelos'; 5 stars! We also treated ourselves to 'Santiago's cake'; divine! All in all great restaurant, great food, awesome service, yet think twice if you're on a budget.
I was in Las Vegas for work and looking for places to eat that were good but not too expensive and I came across Julian Serrano in the Aria Hotel.  I took a seat at the bar and had a wonderful meal.  I started off with a Spanish beer which they had to make sure they had and luckily they did as it was great.. . For my meal, I got the white ceviche which was so good and really had a kick.  So stay away if you're afraid of that but otherwise embrace it because it's amazing.  I also had the sliders.  It came with two of them and I wanted three because they were so good.. . Highly recommended spot in Vegas.
My friend and I shared potatoes bravas, chicken croquetas, and creamy risotto.  The food was  delicious, but on the expensive side for tapas.  I know it's Vegas and that's expected.  We also shared the red sangria pitcher which was pretty big for the value.  Would definitely come back.
There isn't much to say for this, other than you will find all your typical tapas menu items and they're all really good.  It comes out quickly and it tastes good.  Two things I will point out though.. . One is that the chicken croquettes are excellent, and not at all what I was expecting.  It's crispy and firm, but when you bite into it's like you just had a spoonful of soup.  It's was surprising for the first bite, as it is creamy and does not have the solid consistency you expect when you bit into it, but once you accept the oddity of it, it's really good.  . . Two is that the sangria is really, really good.  Get the one with champagne in it.
Good sangria, great selection of tapas, fun ambiance & great service..  Highlights: mixed cerviche, pata negra ham, heirloom tomato w/ mozz ice cream,  gambas (best i've had!).  *allergen menu available .  *open for lunch
On my recent trip to Vegas, I brought my husband to Julian Serrano for their happy hour. The happy hour runs Sunday - Thursday from 4-5:30 pm. Yes it's a bit early, but completely worth it. We went on Sunday and got there slightly after 4 pm. The restaurant was pretty empty, so it was no problem getting two seats at the bar.. . We enjoyed the white sangria for $4.50 per glass (red and sparkling sangria will run you $5) as well as a ton of food that cost between $3.50 - $7.00. We enjoyed the spanish tortilla, brava potatoes, pan tomate, fried calamari, and the stuffed dates from the happy hour menu. We also ordered the scallops from the regular menu. Just like my last visit to Julian Serrano, our scallops were cooked to absolute perfection and melted in my mouth. It was truly the highlight of our meal. Everything else was good, although none of it was better than what I have had at other tapas restaurants.. . If you don't want to blow your wallet on eating and drinking, I highly recommend checking out this happy hour!
I went here last weekend for my cousin's bachelorette dinner.  It's a tapas place situated within the Aria hotel.  The restaurant's interior design is modern and chic revolving the theme colors black and red.  Our servers were attentive and friendly.  As for their food, I thought it was amazing, but the portion (given that it's a tapas place) wasn't all the fulfilling to satisfy seven girls.  On the bright side, we got to try different dishes.  Among those dishes that we ordered, my favorite ones have to be the braised oxtails, mushroom risotto, and fries topped with a fried egg and sausages.  We also got a pitcher of sangria.  My cousin got buzzing a little from eating the pieces of fruits that were heavily saturated with alcohol.  Overall, it was a nice experience at this place but pricey considering the small portions they served.  Each dish is roughly $13-19 on average I think, but then again it's Vegas so I guess that is normal.  Would I come back here again? Hmm...Yes but only  if I win lots of $ at the craps table.
After doing some research, my husband and I picked this restaurant for dinner. We enjoyed our meal. Everything was delicious! . . Since it is tapas, there are tons of things on the menu. We were a bit overwhelmed and didn't know what to pick. Thanks to our waiter. He gave us some really good suggestion. . . Here are the things that we ordered: . 1. TUNA-RASPBERRY SKEWER - beautiful presentation, refreshing. The sesame crust gave the tuna some really good texture. Unique dish. . . 2. AVOCADO CANNELLONI - OH MY!!!! This was our favorite dish! When you look at it, it doesn't have the "wow" effect. But wait until you taste it! It is amazing! Who knew seaweed would have that much flavors! I wish I can eat this all day. . . 3. White ceviche - Good, but not mind-blowing. It is a ceviche after all. Like the taro chips though.. . 4. FRESH CALAMARI A LA PLANCHA - 2nd favorite of the night! Tender calamari with tons of flavors. Great pair with the sweet caramelized onions. Very satisfying! Almost need a 2nd order!. . 5. Monkfish and pisto - Fish was seared crispy on the outside and cooked perfect. Really like the eggplant, zucchini and tomatoes. Good dish. . . 6. Traditional spanish chicken croquetas - Crispy crust with creamy chicken bechamel filling. Pretty good, but not incredible. . . 7. BEEF AND CHEESE - Interesting flavors. Beef was juicy and tender. Went so well with the sweet honey, creamy cheese and crunchy walnuts. . . 8. Iberico black pig ribs - Thought we would love it. Flavors were good. But we ended up thinking the dish was on the heavy side. . . 9. Churros - Not impressed. They ran out bunuelos, so we got churros. We have no idea what real churros taste like. Maybe Disney's churros have turned into the standard of churros. Anyhow, we didn't like it. I felt that the churros were too thin and over-fried. The chocolate dipping was nice. . . We were hungry, so we ordered that many things. Our bill was about $140 without taxes and tips. But I think 7 - 8 dishes would be fine for 2. Overall, service was great and fast. Food was tasty. We look forward to come back one day when we are in town.
Recently patronized this establishment. Was. Nice place, the sangria was good as was the stuffed dates. Actually the stuffed dates were so amazing we had to do 2 orders. That's really about the only 2 things that really stood out, the portions were very small an while the Waite staff was good they took a half full glass of sangria from me. That is nearly an unforgivable sin. All in all still worth going and would recommend but probably won't go back even for the dates or sangria.
I highly recommend this to place to other tapas lovers. We had a 50 dollar dinning credit for Aria and picked the best reviewed restaurant here. We spent well over that and it was worth it! . . We began our meal with a their version of sangria made with Spumante, (usually red or white wine is used) but it I was excited as it had my favorite kind of champagne. Sweet, fruity and not overly dry. It was light and refreshing but contained very little fruit perhaps due to being served in a small champagne flutes. The tuna tar tare cones were amazing! The light and airy crunchy cones they came in provided for a wonder contrast with the tuna which melted in our mouths. The dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with goat cheese, were phenomenal as were and the breaded manchego cheese pops. Whitefish ceviche was yum but we wished there were more taro chips to go with it. Yellowtail was just eh. . . We finished up the meal with simple but delicious donut holes with butterscotch sauce and a very nice port wine. It was a perfect combination and end to a superb meal. Our server Donovan provided excellent service and was very attentive yet unobtrusive. He provided wonderful descriptions of items offered and he was very helpful with recommendations when we had questions on what was best to order.
I don't know about everyone else, but I don't tend to lean towards latin flavors when I come to Vegas. Straying away from burgers and buffets, I decided to try out Julian Serrano and if you're looking for some latin spice, this is definitely a place to check out.. . The Place -. Julian Serrano is located inside the Aria and very easy to find. Located on the first floor next to the check-in area of the Aria, Julian Serrano is known for it's latin inspired menu with an upscale twist. The place itself is very open and by, no means, in a separate building or room. The restaurant blends very seamlessly with the main lobby of the hotel and can attract many guests as this is something they see first upon entering the Aria. The place is bright and, obviously, has a lot of latin-inspired decor. The bar is a VERY good size as it seems to wrap around the entire entry way. In addition to that, the restaurant itself has a very decent sized real estate being able to accommodate parties of any sizes. As with a lot of restaurants in Vegas, depending on where you are seated, people have a good few of the back of the house as well, which is always comforting knowing you can see the people handling and cooking the food. Not to mention, it's just always bad a$$ to see the chefs conjuring up everyone's dishes. Very nice place to come and relax for a few drinks or casually dine before hitting up all the various night clubs Vegas has to offer.. **** 4/5 Stars ****. . The Service -. It was a Friday night and I was struggling to find a place to go eat at. I was in town for a conference and it was the night before I was scheduled to fly back so I knew I didn't wanna stay out late or walk any place farther than I needed to. After perusing through the many options on Yelp and the dining guide, I settled on Julian Serrano. It was fairly early in the evening, around 5:30pm-6:00pm, so I managed to beat the dinner crowd. They had also just opened for dinner service so I lucked out and was able to walk right on in and pick my place at the bar. I was greeted by multiple friendly faces at the hostess stand one of which was the hostess herself as well as, what seemed to be, upper management preparing for the evening. The hostess smiled and politely let me know that the bar was available for open seating. I gladly obliged, took my seat, and was promptly greeted by the bartenders tending bar that evening. They took my drink order, handed me a menu, and gave me a few minutes to browse. The bartenders were very friendly and made themselves available to answer any and all questions I may have had about the place and/or the menu. The great service continued throughout the evening making sure that I was well taken care of and I always had a full glass in front of me. Great job, guys and thanks!. ***** 5/5 Stars *****. . The Food -. Prior to arriving at Julian Serrano, I glanced at the menu, as I always do, trying to figure out what would be appetizing for me to order. I decided on the short ribs dish; however, when I got there and looked at the menu more, I switched my choice and, instead, got the Crispy Baked Chicken (See Picture) and I'm glad I did. First, the accoutrements...the chicken was served with sauteed potatoes, Spanish pork chorizo, red bell peppers, and onions. The chorizo gave an excellent salty contrast to the chicken and I couldn't get enough of it. I wish they would've put more of it on there cause it was just that good. The bell peppers and onions were cooked throughout and gave the dish the bitterness and spice that it needed to balance everything out. The potatoes, unfortunately, left something to be desired. I'm not sure if it just happened to be the potatoes I was served, but they tasted really bland and stale to me and got to the point where I just ended up pushing a majority of them to the side. If it weren't for the deliciousness of everything else and combining the flavors, more of those potatoes would not have been eaten. Now, on to the main star of the dish...the crispy baked chicken. This has got to be, by far, one of the best baked chicken dishes I've had ever! The chicken, which are two boneless breasts, was cooked perfectly and very moist. The crispy breading that they coat it in, didn't just have a crunch to it, but also had a caramelized effect to it, which made it REALLY good. I'm glad I switched my choice from the short ribs to the chicken and I only want to come back for more and to try out the other dishes that Julian Serrano has to offer. Delicious!. **** 4/5 Stars ****. . Overall -. If you're looking for a change of pace and need some latin flavors while you're in Vegas, I recommend giving Julian Serrano a shot. A nice, relaxing place with great service, great food, and a great atmosphere...you can't really ask for more. Thanks, guys!
This place got me to eat meat  (first time in 20 years) and then ask for seconds!! Don't worry, I'm still a pescatarian but damn that oxtail dish was good! . I also usually don't eat tomatoes but the tomatoes were so flavorful topped with mozzarella and balsamic that I ate them up.  The other 7 or so dishes were great too. Big shrimp, octopus  .. Yum!
I made reservations here on Thursday 7pm but decided to cancel for the happy hour instead from 4-5:30. I'm so glad we did because many of the dishes I wanted to try were half price.. . Ranked most favorite to least:. 1. Iberico Sliders- one of the best sliders I've ever had. Caramelized onions were a nice addition.. 2. Seared scallop- perfectly seared, but you only get 1.5 scallop for the price and it's not on the happy hour menu.. 3. Black rice-Very rich squid ink garlicky flavor. This is a good small option if you don't want to order the paella.. 4. Albondigas- really nice flavors. One if my favorites.. 5. Mixed Ceviche- this was good, but nothing special. It is a great balance for the richer plates.. 6. Tuna-rasberry Skewer- nice presentation, but the tuna lacked flavor. They also hide wasabi inside the raspberry which gave an unexpected kick. Sorry to ruin the surprise, but my boyfriend choked on it. I'm glad I paid the happy hour price on this one.. .. Overall, they had great flavors. I prefer this over buffets and fried food. I was still stuffed after the experience. Service was impeccable. There are so many options at Aria as well as other hotels, but I would eat here again when I'm in the area.
Rolled up to Julian Serrano for a bachelorette party here with 13 other girls and it was the CRAZIEST dining experience I have ever participated in!. . The reviews on Yelp raved about the paella, but we were short on time and couldn't afford the extra 30 minutes...so we were trying to figure out the best selections for a group our size especially given our time crunch.. . We finally decided on the pre-fixe menu and the GM came over with his own recommendation. He said he'd do something special for us similar to the pre-fixe menu...he just said "Trust me".. . Holy eff.. . We gave the go ahead and it wasn't long before our heads were whirling with a flurry of arms and dishes swarming around the table. He literally had us try everything on the menu and plates and plates were whizzing by. I looked around the table and all the girls were eyes-forward, head-down just eating as quickly as humanly possible. We had sliders, kabobs, skewers, ahi, meatballs, etc etc and it was incredible.. . The entire waitstaff was incredibly nice (most were incredibly good looking too), and the food kept coming at a comfortable level, where it was fast, efficient.. but not stressful! lol... . They also hooked it up with a sampling of all their desserts...and oh snaps, we were so SOO happy with the line-up. mmMmMmmm... . everything together cost a bit more than the pre-fixe especially cuz we had drinks (Sangria!!) and cocktails...totally about $80-85 per person. SO. Worth. it!
Very good food! Service was awesome. It is a bit loud though since you're right by the lobby.
My husband and I were celebrating our 25th anniversary in Las Vegas and wanted to take our friends out for a special dinner (we love tapas!), and we were not disappointed with the tapas or the restaurant. When making reservations, I requested a table away from the entrance (it opens up to the hotel floor, and I wanted to have a little more privacy and intimacy). We were seated at the very back of the restaurant, and our waiter was very good. As soon as we were seated, I ordered two paella dishes (Mixed and Valenciana)--I am allergic to shrimp so we opted out of the Marinera), since they take 45 minutes or so from the time you place the order. I asked that as we ordered the tapas, they come out slowly. I did not want to feel rushed. There were nine of us, and I also asked that as we order dishes, they are set up so that enough of us could sample each dish (meaning that if I order sliders, perhaps bring out two or three of the dishes--not just one dish with two sliders). Looking back, I realize this wasn't communicated very well. We ordered twelve tapas (vegetarian, meats, seafood, new style), and everyone was pleased with all of them. My only wish was that they weren't coming out so fast and that there were more on the plate to try, but the red sangria was fabulous and that kept coming! The paella was served tableside to us since the dishes were so large for the table. The lobster and mussels were excellent, but again, not enough to go around or it was that half the table was served the lobster, and the other half had none. We ended up cutting things up and redistributing plates so all could try things, but again, I wish there had been more seafood in the dish. Also, the paella seemed very wet to me. It wasn't one of my favorite paellas that I have tried (others at the table raved about it though).. The cost of the tapas and paella along with the rush of serving them is what gives this restaurant a "very good" rating. It is expensive, but so is all of Las Vegas! I wouldn't not go to Julian Serrano for tapas but since I have already been, I will just try another tapas restaurant when visiting Las Vegas.
My boyfriend and I had the lobster saffron and the stuffed dates. OMG they were so delicious! And they deliver the food quick! I personally loved this place. The reason I gave it a 4 star is because the portion was sooooo tiny and expensive. I left hungry. I know tapas isn't suppose to be a large portion, but it was like super tiny. I think next time I go to Vegas, I will go there if i win some spending money at the casino.
We choose this restaurant for its selection of Tapas and small plates. Located in the Aria hotel which in itself is a very beautiful property the restaurant has a upscale appearance and lively vibe to it. Service was good but not great as we had to coax the waiter to explain each course. Reservations are a must and we where seated on time. Great place to dine and grab a light bite after catching a show which is what we did. I would return and recommend
We stopped by for an appetizer and wine and love the place. The bright colors and design elements are reminiscent of Spain. The Chiliwich placemats are a nice touch. We had the tuna cones and each bite was delicious. The avo-cilantro on the bottom of the cone was a fun surprise. . Our bartender was amiable and  solicitous. We will certainly return to explore the mulitple offerings on the menu. This is how tapas should be, little plates of adventure.
So delicious. I would give a 4.5 if I could.. . Came here for a bachelorette dinner and shared about 8 tapas dishes and 2 desserts between the 5 of us. . . The ceviche was probably my favorite dish. Everything tasted so fresh and the lime wasn't overpowering.  I really enjoyed the brava potatoes and the steamed mussels too. I'd pass on the croquettes next time. . . The tapas menu is very extensive and there are tons of dishes I'd love to try. The service was efficient and never intrusive. I'd definitely stop by again if I ever stay at the Aria!
We had a wonderful experience here.  The service is top notch, and the wine selection is outstanding.  We ordered the yellowfin tuna appetizer - nice blend of flavors and textures (ponzu contrasts with crunchy fried veggies); ceviche that had generous portions of shrimps and scallops, and some oxtail (not at all greasy or fatty!).  Finally, the paella!  Took 40 minutes to cook, but well worth the wait.  We ordered the black blood sausage version.  Generous with the saffron, and the texture was perfect.  Only criticism was that the meat was a bit on the scimpy side.  While somewhat pricy, well worth the price...especially after making a minor killing on the the $1 slot machines right before (love those double diamonds!)
Very good food, nice service. Ambience a bit lacking.. . The portions are on the small side, but presentations are nice, and not too expensive.. . The oxtail and the black pork ribs are awesome, the tomato cheese plate was awesome.  The mediterranean bass and lobster was more average.
