The alcoholic milk shakes are something that should be tried here. Sure, they cost about as much as an entree, but these shakes are probably the highlight of each meal I get here.. . Burgers are overpriced for what they are. I'd go for the more obscure sounding burgers instead of the more traditional fare. You will not be impressed by the standard burgers (i.e. Gold Standard), since they will taste very familiar at a premium price. Try something like the Rising Sun or the Korean Bulgogi burger; both very good. These burgers always remind me why I love cows so much.. . Do not order the chicken & waffle. All you get is one waffle and snack-bar quality chicken fingers with it. Very disappointed on that one. It was like something I could get at a bowling alley. Some of the other appetizers look interesting though (lobster corn dogs). The sausages also look like something I need to try on a future visit.. . Holstein's is definitely a place to check out. Place has a great vibe and atmosphere, with enough twist to keep me coming back for more.
Came here for drinks and something to eat when we stayed at the cosmo. Im so glad that they have some decent places to eat, because now I can eat at the place and not stay there! Holsteins has great service, we were seated right away and ordered within 10 minutes. Great atmosphere, there was a dj playing hip hop and classic rock mixes.  Our food was brought out by the manager who was working the floor that night too. The lobster mac and cheese was amazing, and I saw some of the burgers on the next table, which looked too pretty to eat! Great beer list as well. Only con I could come up with were the douchey guys sitting at the bar trying to pick up on the waitresses. But hey, you'll find them everywhere in vegas.
I went to HS&B Christmas night. The Cosmopolitan was extremely busy, and the atmosphere was electric. I was looking forward to a well made gourmet burger all day. HS&B did not disappoint. The burger joint is located on the 2nd level, just take the escalator up and go left. We arrived for dinner @ 7 pm,  and were greeted by an attractive receptionist. She said their was no wait, to our surprise, and promptly led us to our table. Our waiter (heavy eastern European accent), took our drink orders. I tried a microbrew of some sort (nondescript pale ale). Boris explained the menu, and I settled on the Hen burger. It was a burger with a fried egg and bacon. Incredible! Loved the meat and egg combination. I was told that the restaurant has an onsite butcher. Fries were shoestring type and very tasty. We didn't order one of the alcoholic shakes, but the couple sitting next to us did, and it looked good. They even provide the extra shake in the metal container it is made in. I noticed that the manager was smart enough to hire young, pretty ladies and outfit them in short red dresses... Well done good sir! Nice touch! The tab for two w/o desert was $48 plus tip.  Great night, great food, will definitely return.
Holsteins goes in my book for recommendations in Las Vegas.. I stayed at the Cosmo last weekend and decided to try this place out with a friend.  . We were seated very quickly even though they said the wait was around 10-15 minutes.  . I ordered the Korean "bull" gogi burger and was a little skeptical because it said it had a poached egg, and kimchi in it.  I actually don't like either of those but I thought this weekend was a good time to try something different.  . It turned out DELICIOUS! It was a perfect/strange combination that REALLY worked!  The spiciness of the kimchi is very mild but hits you at the end.  And the poached egg (I think it was poached?? or maybe it was sunnyside up? I don't know, I don't know eggs very well...lol) just went really well with the burger.  I recommend EVERYONE try that one!  . It came with shoestring fries which was also perfect.. . I tried my friends Duck fat fries but I didn't see anything special in them. . But I also tried her strawberry milkshake and that was SO GOOD! I don't think any other shakes will taste as good as that one.  . . My only concern was their service.  When our waitress took our order, we must have waited 45 minutes before we even got our shake... Our waitress even asked us like 30 minutes in if we ordered the shake.  When we said yes, she said it was coming right out.  Liar. . I was just a little irked because the people who sat next to us, came in AFTER us and got their food BEFORE us! WTF? . . But whatever, the food TOTALLY made up for it. =). . All in all, great place! Just needs to get their service upgraded.. . 4 Stars!
Gourmet burgers that makes your head bounce, literally speaking too! For crying out loud its situated next to a raucous venue (Marquee) where streams of pretentious people scurrying to find that VIP line.. . DECOR: Contemporary and spacious layout.  Modern bar with swanky looking lounges.. . VIBE: Cool and fun.  DJ spinning the latest and greatest hits from Hip-Hop to Electronic.. . FOOD: . . **Korean 'Bull' Gogi: Well flavored, juicy beef patty that came on soft, toasty buns! The kimchee slaw and chili mayo worked nicely with everything.  Last, but not least, the oozy FRIED EGG was the CHERRY on TOP! . . **Fries: I opted for the WEDGE shaped and it was EPIC! Fluffy, yet CRISPY.  These are a MUST get.. . APPETITE: FULL. . SERVICE: Not much to complain about, our server was very friendly and helpful with the menu.. . CONCLUSION: What makes Holsteins a very appealing burger joint is the creativeness in the menu however you might be turned off by the excess noise level coming from the club next door.
This was REALLY impressive.. I thought, a burger place at the cos would be a big disappointment, but really not... I had the Gold Standard Burger, dry aged beef burger, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic-chive aioli, which was freakin amazing...
Pleasantly surprised. I really liked this place... It was turning me on before the food just because its in the Cosmopolitan and the hot pink menus. . . The service was very friendly... creepy at times??? But they were awesome, prompt, and quick to everything. They kept us super satisfied. . . For the burgers, I got the Korean Bull Gogi... fun to say and fun to eat. It has a delicious, juicy patty, egg, kimchi, and a spicy mayo. DISCLAIMER.... NOT A FIRST DATE FOOD. Only for those who are in love and have no problem getting a little messy for your partner.... or if you're just going out with friends. Besides the mess... wow its a good burger. The egg is left a little runny (I spilled it all over the table:[). The kim chi and the spicy mayo blended perfectly together. I ate the whole thing without regret. . . My boy got the burger with brisket on it.. I forget what it was called, but we didn't talk much during our meal because we were busy stuffing our faces. I looked up once after finishing my half, and his was gone! . . We opted out on the shake, but we did get the "Candy Store" plate. It was pretty fun, but I prefer a bigger, more unified dessert. It had a mini dessert, and allowed your mouth to sample a variety of sweets. Pineapple/coconut tapioca (mmm), custard donut with coffee/chocolate syrup for dipping, mystery fruit jellies, chocolate custard push-pop, a mini chocolate dipped ice cream cone with banana ice cream, and the most exciting Nitrogen infused meringues. The waitress was sure to let us know you could blow smoke at your nose while eating them, . . The dessert was fun and different, but I'm not sure I would recommend it for the price. . . My experience at Holstein's leaves me with the impression of being able to return... but only on occasion as it is kinda pricey.
I really REALLYYYYY like this place.. . Came here before clubbing at Marquee just to satisfied that "I need to put some food in my stomach so, I don't pass out drunk at the club" needs.. . This is a spot where it's best to come in big groups so, you can pretty much samps everything on the menu. Ordered appetizers: lobster corndogs, truffle mac & cheese, street tacos, urth burger, and the kalbi and kim chee quesadillas.. . The street tacos had to be my favorite. There was duck in there (I love duck!). There was foie gras (Who doesn't love foie gras!?). Reminded me a lot of the Kogi food truck out in LA.. The lobster corndogs were interesting. Not a seafood kinda gal but, it tasted like butter because of the lobster and yet, kinda weird cuz it's in a corndog kind of batter.. Truffle mac and cheese was amazing. I think there was shrimp in there cuz it tasted of seafood. A friend ordered it so, I got to samps some. The weird part of this dish was it came with a small sandwich. I'm not sure what kinda of sandwich but, when I say "small," - I mean, small....like, "one bite and you're done with your sandwich small.". The kalbi and kim chee quesadillas were pretty good but, seemed too salty. I'm not sure why.. . AND they have a DJ spinning music in there. I'm not sure if that's just a weekend thing..or Monday night thing..but, it def adds to the "good time" atmosphere and the delish food.
02/16/11 DINNER: . . Without planning in advance we ended up here. Didn't have a burger! Instead, had drinks, "appetizers" (turned out to be plates bigger than appetizers) and desserts. The classic martini was terrific, I got the GIN variety (does no one drink gin in this town?), containing a gin of which I had never heard ("Nolet Silver"?) which was floral and smooth, garnished with pickled shallot. (Expecting shallot bulbs on a stick, instead it was shaved in the bottom of the glass!) Another had a"bloody mary", which came "up", containing pepper/cilantro infused vodka, which was greatly liked, especially the gigantic shrimp that came with it! Food was "fried pickles" (fried dill spears, fried olives, caper berries, prosciutto, salami w/ herb-caper mayo), "street tacos" (crispy shells filled w/ shreds of duck confit, foie gras, trufle crema & cranberry relish), "truffle lobster mac n cheese" (maine lobster, black truffle & mac in a tallegio-marscapone sauce), and "Bull's Balls" (2 risotto rice balls stuffed with veal, topped with "tomato fondue" and a slice of lardo). A very rich, decadent collection of dishes, I thought all were very well done, especially the mac (WOW!). The "Bulls' Balls" weren't as good as I had hoped, mostly rice with very little filling, and the lardo kinda lost amongst the strength of the "tomato foudue", which was genius. (An angel-hair pasta with that fondue would be crazy good.) The "street tacos" were really good but really rich. My fave thing on the "fried pickles" were the fried olives (only 2, we had to fight over those!). Ended with a "stout float" (Guinness, ice cream, oatmeal crumble), very good. After food we had a really wacky concoction: "Johnny Apple Seed", consisting of Knob Creek, honey and apple cider. First of all, the very nice server said it was the first time that it had been ordered since it was added to the menu (!) and second, they had no idea what "hard cider" was! We had to explain, there are alcoholic apple ciders out there, was this one of those?, but the answer never came. No matter, it was a nose and throat clearer! AHEM! But a great idea, IMHO. Sipping it took about 15 minutes, and well worth it! So overall, I'd say GO. Now I need to go back for a burger, perhaps that "duck duck goose", stuffed with duck confit, duck cracklings & foie gras! YIKES!
Great place for  burgers and shakes. Needed a place to dine while at the Cosmo. All of the other places didnt open till like 4pm. This was a great fix. Cant wait to go back. Many more shakes and burgers to try.  The service was great.
Two words:. . Alcoholic Milkshake. . . Drunken Monkey. . . The Cosmopolitan. . . Hot stuff.. . Yes, please!
I randomly went to the Cosmopolitan and found this restaurant with a few friends because we were hungry. Ended up being a great experience. The store was nicely fitted with a stylish use of colours. Service was good, and DEFINITELY a MUST to order their Alcoholized milkshakes!!!! Burgers are well portioned and filling.. . I would definitely recommend this restaurant!!!!
I've been trying to find an awesome burger spot in Vegas for quite a while now and the reviews made this place seem pretty decent. . . The restaurant is nice with simple decor and a cool bar. The happy hour seems awesome with the 1$ beers and 1$ shots.. . The service was great and so was the food. The reason this is getting 4 stars is because they appetizers and fries are not that tasty. We ordered the lobster mac n cheese which was just okay, the fried pickles which were decent, and the duck fat tacos which were horrible and small. There are a variety of fries you can order with your dinner. I got the duck fat fries, which I thought might taste a little gamy or greasy, instead they were gross and overcooked. . . Now, the best part about this restaurant. I got the sunrise burger ( I think that's the name of it) and it was delicious! This is by far the best burger I've had in Las Vegas. I ordered the kobe burger rare and on top of it came, fried yams, cheese, wasabi dressing, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado.  It was to die for! Everyone needs to try it. . . The prices are also really great. For the four of us to eat it cost about 130$.. . We will be going back soon
If your in the market for a good burger then this is the spot. The burgers are plump, juicy and full of flavor. If you're with a group ask for a  booth instead of a table, they are kinda cool to sit in..very spacious.. FYI, We ordered the lobster mac-n-cheese..it was GREAT...BUT it was a very, very small portion for $15 only enough for 1 person
Korean Burger over the Sunrise if your feeling adventurous.  My non adventurous friend preferred the Sunrise.  I preferred the Korean Burger.  Which one are you???. . Got the Truffle Lobster Mac n Cheese and it was sooooooo good!!!  Too bad the portion was small.  Everyone agreed that it was yum.. . My friend also got the Root Beer Float with Pop Rocks... it was good too.
Okay 1) Alcoholic shakes- super delicious; 2) burgers were cooked perfectly and very tasty; 3) they give you a little bucket of popcorn, I love that! 4) the shoestring fries were so yummy.. . I'd definitely go back again and try something else off the menu.
The restaurant is a great place to enjoy "desserts" in the form of their shakes, especially after having a meal at another Cosmopolitan restaurants.  Each are $11 a piece, which is not too bad for a sweet alcoholic beverage after a meal, or just to enjoy during your break from exploring the secret spots dotted throughout Cosmopolitan.. . I came here after a sushi dinner at Blue Ribbon, and we each ordered a different "shake".  Collectively we ordered Black Cow, Oreo & Caramel S'mores.  . . As a destination for fairly reasonably priced meals, Holsteins Shakes and Buns, is recommended.  The burgers and sliders looks great, tastes good, and will not break your Vegas budget.. . Atmosphere: 4/5  Cool, trendy hangout spot for locals and tourists.. Decor: 4/5  Nice, trendy, modern.. Price: 4/5  Very reasonable, especially for a restaurant inside a mega-luxury resort casino on the Strip.. Food:  4/5  Dessert is delicious, even if making delicious shakes does not require formal culinary training.
Amazing burger...  Got to love the new trend in high end burger joints.  would I spend $18 on a burger everyday? no, but when I did I sure enjoyed it.  I had the gold standard and it was fantastic.  The only thing I did not like was the steak fries.  I tried my wifes shoestring and friends sweet potato fries and they were both great.  The steak fries reminded me of something from Jack IN the Box.  Service and atmosphere was great.  The Cosmopolitian hotel/casino is awesome.
Gonna start with desert.. . The adult shakes are incredible espicaly the orange creamsicle (which really taste like a creamsicle) and the brown cow (a root beer float with pop rocks and rum).  . . The food is typical of  a good gastro pub; new American fusion.  You are rewarded for being adventurous.  . . The "Street Tacos" are made from duck confit, foie gras cranberry relish.  They are incredible.  Other appetizer standouts include the kalbi and kimchee quesadilla, the bull's balls (no they are not rocky mountain oysters), and the lobster corn dogs. The crispy pork belly bun is worth special mention.  Served with hoisin sauce and pea sprouts, its high end dim sum.. . Meat in a tube is well represented.  Try the Greek touri.  Different but very flavorful.. . Finally, the burgers.  Although I'm still partial to the Burger Bar, Holsteins offerings are very creative and good eats.  Cooked perfectly to order.  The "Rising Sun" (teriyaki glazed kobe burger with spicy mayo and tempura avocado) is a winner.. . Service is fast and efficient.. . One final note, the beer selection is excellent and very reasonably priced for the Strip.
My first trip to Vegas was a total culinary disaster. So this time, I did some research. I'll admit, what drew me to Holstein's wasn't really the food...it was the boozy shakes. Drunken Monkey? Yes, please. And that's what I ordered, which turned out to be delicious beyond my comprehension. Whoever thought to mix banana gelato and Frangelico deserves to be worshipped.. . The food was equally as outstanding. When I ordered my Rising Sun burger "medium rare to rare," my server warned, "The rare is cold and red, while the medium rare is warm and red. Would you prefer it warm or cold?" And so I ordered it medium rare. And out it came, warm and red and juicy Kobe beef. I was shocked that for once I didn't have to overcompensate in my ordering just to get a decent amount of pink in my burger. The toppings were perfect (you can't not love tempura avocado, really), and even the teriyaki glaze, which I was skeptical of, wasn't overpowering. The shoestring fries that accompanied it were great, especially with a side of truffle mayo.. . On top of everything, our server was excellent and very attentive, which in my experience hasn't been the norm in Vegas restaurants. Holstein's reassured me that there, in fact, IS good food to be found on the Strip, and I will certainly be returning here on my next trip.. . Update: I FINALLY got back here and had the Gold Standard burger this time. A little overcooked, and not as bold in flavor as the Rising Sun. Also, the fries were thicker and not as crisp--why the change?! I'm not as in love with Holsteins as I used to be, but it's still one of my favorite affordable spots on the Strip. I'll be back a third time for sure!
Clever. . . I really liked this place. To me it was fun. Cute and different ideas make this place worth checking out. Its not gonna blow your socks off but I think you'll have a good time if you're not too serious about everything. They try  - at being gourmet, hip, boozy, and on-trend - and they do all of that decently.. . We had no issues with service, but it was a Monday that we stopped in. So take that for what its worth. Nobody was rude to us, our waitress was attentive and everything came out in timely fashion.. . Drinks - This is definitely worth 1-2 stars on its own. They make what they call "adult vitamins" which are drinks that use Vitamin waters as their bases. Basically Vitamin water plus vodka/gin and some additional fruit juices. I know it sounds like pretty ridiculous but why not?  They were tasty and pleasant drinks after a long day. They were fairly strong. They also offer milk shakes with alcohol...you know you want it!  If I'm ever back at this place, I'll probably try one of these out. . . Food - Mostly burgers and variations on the concept. They make a good effort at gourmet or fusion-y type burgers - burgers made of duck, lamb, etc. or with various ethinically inspired toppings.  I appreciate the attempt, but I do think that if your place has the name of a type of cow in its name, you should probably offer at least a handful of beef burgers. . . Anyways, I had the "Classic" which is a beef patty-based burger with cheese. It was fantastic! Perfectly cooked and juicy. The patty itself maybe had a touch more salt than it needed but when eaten with bread, condiments, and toppings its fine.  The bun was nicely toasted and buttery. The Classic is your standard burger with lettuce, tomato, mayo, ketchup, and onion.  You can add on varying cheeses or a number of other toppings (fried egg, bacon, mushrooms, beef brisket, etc). . . I like the offerings and variety of flavors and palettes this place can appeal to. The quality of the ingredients is great. The flavors are nice. Food and drinks here are made unabashedly. Will definitely come back if I'm at the Cosmo.
Came here for a really late dinner on Friday night.  We were quickly seated and enjoyed the music from the in-house DJ.  . . I opted for the mini-meatball sliders and since I was planning a long night of boozin.  Our group tried the lobster Mac  n cheese and the duck fat fries.  Yum and yum.  Next time I'll try an alcoholic shake! Also from our table we got to enjoy the Marquee madness (huge lines) so that was entertaining as well.
Maybe it's my fault for showing up to the Cosmopolitan on a Friday night without reservations, but this was the one place that was somewhat affordable that didn't require a wait longer than an hour.  That said, we were told it would be a 20-30 minute wait but actually waited for 45-50 minutes instead.  Not happy about that.. . However, the burgers made up for the wait.  Our rambunctious table quieted down while we scarfed down some delicious food.  The Gold Standard definitely hit the spot.  However, the fries seemed a bit lacking for whatever the reason.
I had the lamb burger, and it was exactly what I hoped. Good shoestring fries. Good recommendation on a new wheat beer.
I went to Holstein's the day after St. Patrick's day.  People around looked like they were hurting, including the workers...even with that, the entire experience was positive.  . . Holstein's does a burger right!!  I had the Korean "bull"gogi.  If you like fried egg on your burger, this is your choice.  When I bit into the burger, the yolk ran down.  Sloppy, but the way I like my eggs.  More than anything else, the burger tasted like bulgogi.  Awesome!!!!  My friend had longhorn.  I took a bite and it was juicy.  . . Great job Holstein's!
If your friends love burgers, like mine do, this is the perfect place to take them for any special event. A group of us came here for a birthday. We called ahead of time to make a reservation because it was a mid size group and around the holiday season. When we got there, the place was busy, but you could get away without making a reservation.. . The decor is warm, well lit, with splashes of colorful art. . . The server was friendly, attentive when we needed her, and kept her distance while we were celebrating. Orders were taken promptly, waters were refilled regularly, and food was brought out in a timely manner.. . The star of this place is the food. The ambiance is nice, but you forget about all that when the food appears. The alcohol milkshakes are amazing. They will definitely satisfy the child and adult within you. We tried four different kind that day. The Framboise float was not well balanced. Although we love the raspberry cider, it overpowered the vanilla ice cream. On the other hand, the campfire smores, orange dreamscicle, and the brown cow were delicious. They had enough alcohol to get you feeling good without the constant reminder.. . Starting out with the artichoke "guac" was unimpressive. In fact, looking back, I cannot remember it as vividly as I do with everything else we ordered.. . Now the burgers are spectacular. If you like it rich, decadent, and everything not good for you then this is the place for you. My group had our burgers family style to share. We got two gold standards; aged beef, smoked bacon, goat cheese, greens and aioli. They were delicious. The meat was moist, the saltiness of the cheese and bacon balanced well with the burger. Next was the captain hook; a salmon filet, greens, pickled shallots, and a caper mayo. The fish was charred and crispy on the outside while moist on the inside and the shallots gave it a nice zing. Now this is were we started to go over board and into the heart attack warning zone. The longhorn burger is amazing because it not only has a patty, but stacks on beef brisket, coleslaw. dill pickles, and then slathers it in whiskey BBQ sauce. This monster was disgustingly delicious, had my friend panting half way. Nothing beats the duck, duck, goose if you are talking about self indulgence. The duck confit and froie gras stuffed patty is ridiculous. When you bite into the succulent patty, you are first greeted by mouth watering beef, followed by the creaminess of the duck liver. The blend of all this with the plum sauce is amazing. If you are not a duck or liver fan, avoid this burger because it is ever present throughout. Top it all off with a few orders of duck fat fries and you might as well check into the hospital next.
Oh this place was soooooooo yummy!  My friends and I had been on property for an Identity club thing and of course with drinks you need food!  I remember hearing about this place so I offered it up for dinner, what a great idea.. . The place has a good decour, love the amount of light so that you can actually see your food and the people you are hanging out with.  The servers are running around like crazy, good and bad because it gets a little congested.  Otherwise, great service.  We didn't have to beg for more water or anything.. . We ordered some of the bam boozled shakes and they were some of the best shakes I have had.  I ordered the strawberry cheesecake and finished it before my friends got half way thru their own.  My burger was the longhorn which comes with coleslaw and brisket on it.  I asked for mustard thinking I would need it, but nope!  The burger was juicy and so full of flavor.  Writing this review makes me want to eat one right now!  Also the size of the burger was great.  It wasn't massive like Red Robin, basically normal size.  For me, thats what matters, a great burger that doesn't need its size to make it great!
More of a hipster burger joint that has a variety shakes with alcohol.. . Things we tried:. Crispy Pork Belly Bun and it was eh. Not worth the $$. Very tiny portions.. Korean BulGogi Burger was not what we expected. The egg was practically dripping over the bun which made it taste 10x better.. Duck Fat Fries...we did not taste the difference but it was above average.. . For the cheese aficionados: BRIE or GRUYERE can be added to your burger!!
This place is straight Legit. Everything we had here was fantastic except for the regular fries. I simply wasnt a fan, but the burgers are absolutely fantastic. Especially the New England Turkey Burger. The shakes are awesome. And not so super thick that you cant suck it through a straw. I will make this place a regular stop whenever I am in vegas.
One of the better spots at Cosmo. Nothing fancy but a nice twist on old classics done right.
Like every other person I know, I am subject to food cravings. I had been riding the wave of trying to find a good burger to appease my senses when I stumbled upon Holstein's. Not only did the menu look appealing but they had seemingly found a way to combine two things I love most: sweets and alcohol. Sounded like a winner. . . I'm a huge fan of goat cheese and avocado so I immediately gravitated to the Gold Standard burger and my dining companion chose the Rising Sun. Of course, we ended up trying each other's and, I have to say, I was definitely not disappointed with what was hitting my tastebuds. Both burgers were cooked to perfection and much different than any I have ever eaten; Major points for that. . . As I said before, two words: alcoholic milkshakes. I didn't get the chance to try one my first time around but the second time, I brought some friends from out of town who I thought would really enjoy it, and we ordered the Grasshopper and the Smores. Both were incredible! Sweet, tasty, smooth. They were so delicious, I didn't even mind the price.. . Holsteins is a treat for everyone, no matter what their eating habits. Conservative, experimental, vegan; they do it all! I will definitely be returning soon!
I've eaten a lot of burgers at a lot of places and I would be hard pressed to name a better one than the ones I sampled here. I can't wait to come back and keep working my way down the list.. . We went with a big group and were able to sample a few different burgers. I order the 'Gold Standard' which was epic. Loved the goat cheese. Friend across the table ordered the 'Longhorn' and we did a little burger swappage. The Longhorn was also excellent, and the brisket was fantastic. The star of the show for me though was when I sampled the 'Rising Sun'. It was literally an explosion of tastiness in my food hole. I had never heard of tempura avocado, much less considered putting it on a burger, but I think I'm going to put it on all my burgers from now on.. . While the burgers all were exceptional, the fries were pretty ordinary. I ordered the duck fat fries myself and was underwhelmed. Not sure what I was expecting, but I thought they would be noticeably different than regular fries. They were tasty, just not different like I expected. I also tried some of the regular fried which were well... regular fries. I did manage to snag one onion ring from the spousal unit while she wasn't looking. Much better than the fries. Nice and crispy and cooked through to the inside.. . As it was St Patrick's Day and we were busy drinking green beers and shots, we did not get around to sampling the shakes. I will put that on the agenda for the next visit(s).
Had the rising sun burger made of kobe beef, topped with nori furikake and avocado tempura.  Just da bomb!  I rarely order anything other than the classic burger but am so glad I did here.. . Gotta love a place that has Ommegaang on tap.  Plus, they serve it in a pint glass - which is kinda dangerous since it's 8.5% ABV but hey, I aint complaining.. . And don't sleep on those fried pickles.  . . This place is a bit expensive but no more so than any other places on the strip.  Quickly became one of my favorite spots in Vegas to eat.
Located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Holsteins has some amazing burgers. My friends and I ate here because we were gonna club at the Marquee next door and it had pink cow logo, which piqued my interest. It's a nicer burger place, so you should look presentable and not look hella grimey.. . Food:. 1) GOLD STANDARD - One of the best burgers I've had. Highly recommended. Aged beef sirloin with arugula, tomato, garlic-chive aioli. You can't go wrong with garlic aioli and goat cheese on a burger. I added a fried egg to it and it just made the burger so much more delicious.. 2) DUCK FAT FRIES - Fried in duck fat, but doesn't taste all that different from regular fries. What made it unique was that it came with fried peppers and onions on top, which gave it a slight kick of spicy.. 3) STEAK FRIES - the best steak fries I've ever had. I kept eating them even though i was stuffed. Well-seasoned and fried. I need to order more.. *drool. . $11 Alcoholic Shakes:. 1) FROZEN GRASSHOPPER - chocolate mint shake. It wasn't too minty and a little too sweet. Won't be ordering these overpriced shakes again.. 2) OREO SHAKE - Much better. Very smooth oreo shake with alcohol. yummm.. Overall the shakes were good but way too overpriced. only half shot of alcohol.. . Service: 5/5 stars. Server was very friendly and was very knowledgeable about the menu. I find it annoying when servers don't know the menu well. We were strapped for time so he hurried everything for us, which was cool. awesome!
Decent shakes... I prefer my shakes to be thicker, but I guess the alcohol prevents it from being super thick. The flavors were really good, though! The burgers were flavorful and a good size. What was disappointing was the duck fat fries. Really not ducky or crispy. Otherwise, the meal was pleasant and tasty.
When the Cosmo opened and I saw this menu, I knew I had to try it for their awesome burgers.  Once we were seated, I looked at the rest of the menu and decided that burgers were not the most interesting thing on there when I had Pork Belly buns and Lobster Rolls staring at me.. . My wife got a burger and it was easily one of the top burgers I've ever had.  However, the star for me, was the Pork Belly buns.  Crunchy, salty, sweet and chewy all in a single bite.  It was heavenly and covered in a delicious hoisin sauce, balanced perfectly by a pillowy sticky bun that I wished would self-regenerate so it wouldn't disappear.. . While we started our meal, we noticed a server prowling the restaurant with a bowl brimming with liquid nitrogen and the sort of smoke that you see in a sci-fi science lab.  He was serving freeze dried bubble gum meringue, for fun and free-of-charge.  "Eat it fast," he said, dropping a 'kiss' shaped dessert into our hands, "it's really cold."  We popped each playful "kiss" into our mouths and blew cold smoke rings as we crushed the delicate and flavorful meringue.  This single experience was enough for us to save room for the dessert menu.. . Feeling glutinous and somewhat playful, we decided to try some of their more childish desserts.  We ordered a Cereal Bowl shake (which tasted exactly like a bowl of Captain Crunch, with premium ice cream and vodka) and something called an Ice Cream Truck, basically ice cream served 4 ways.  The chocolate bacon ice cream sandwich is something I will never forget.  Don't miss it!. . The decor was very casual, with some leather booths, wooden paneling, hip music and pop art on the walls.  Atmosphere was loud and the crowd a varied mix of casual diners and pre-clubbers, all clearly attracted to the neon cow.. . All-in-all an excellent experience and we will be returning asap!
2:00 pm, Saturday in Las Vegas.  You wake up, finally, and realize that your intense inebriation from Friday night has been replaced with a hankering for some good food.  This is me a few weekends ago.  . . I was supposed to wake up and go to Bouchon in the morning to get a fancy breakfast, but somehow that didn't happen.  I even told my friends I would meet them there.  Sleep prevailed for a few more hours.  When my friends got back from their breakfast, I was hungry for lunch.  As we ventured to explore the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, Holsteins immediately caught my eye... well the pink cow in front sure did.  The modern feel and fun music drew us in. . . The menu has a bunch of fun items to choose from.  Their list of burgers is amazing.  Delicious meaty burgers.  They also had a great selection of alcoholic shakes (Bam-Boozled Shakes) and some cute flavored shots.  They also have plenty of beer and wine.  The ultimate burger spot I'd say.. . I decided to get the Rising Sun.  It was a Kobe beef burger with Teriyaki glaze, furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado.  This was recommended from the waitress as her favorite burger.  It was honestly quite salty but it was really good.  The best part was the tempura avocado.  We also tried the Korean Bull-gogi.  That came with an over easy egg, kim chee, and kalbi glaze.  This burger was not as salty and also very good.  The Kobe beef of the Rising Sun made that burger super moist though.. . To drink we shared the Oreo shake, which had Bailey's Irish Cream in it.  Make sure that you finish it cold because a luke-warm alcoholic shake is not so good.  The Bailey's was really good and just barely noticeable, except when I felt my the heat in my face.  It is kinda pricey for a shake though $11.. . I would definitely come back to get some yummay burgers next time I am in LV... which I hope is soon!
This was my second choice since the Wicked Spoon buffet had closed (boo!), but it ended up being a silver lining.  I would definitely come back here again!. . Good chocolate shake.. . The Gold Standard burger rocked my socks off.  Definitely comparable to Father's Office and other good LA burger joints.. . Loved the steak fries (skinny fries could've been better - a little too dry).. . Complimentary truffle popcorn from the chef?  Heck yeah!. . To top it all off, I must commend the service.  Our waitress was super knowledgeable about the beers available, she was friendly, checked up on us at the right times, and was just really nice and helpful overall (cannot remember her name, but she was blond....) At "hip" places I tend to hate the waiters because they're douches/rude, but this was not the case!
I am no fan of shrimp cocktail but, tried theirs (cuz a friend ordered it) and it was delicious. HUGE, sweet, and no need for the cocktail sauce which itself was, also, delicious.. . Tried 3 of their milkshakes (mint, cookies and cream, and strawberry shortcake) and was really impressed. Not by the goodness of it but, by the amount of liquor you can taste.....cuz, well, YOU CAN, actually, taste the liquor in them!!!!!! Not enough to get a good buzz going but, hey..it is a milkshake, afterall.. . Best thing I found out on my last trip was that they give locals discounts *ching*ching* WINNER WINNER, HOLSTEINS DINNER!!!!!!
A group of us visited Holsteins on a Saturday night and only waited approximately 20 minutes to get 13 people seated in one area. We all were helped right away. As for drinks, I didn't want to be too full for Marquee so I didn't get the try any of their famous shakes. Right after the drink orders were taken, we received a small bucket full of buttered popcorn. It was a bit salty but it had a lot of flavor. We also ordered the potato chips for $6. It was tasty but not $6 worth. . . For the main course, my friend and I ordered from the Tiny Buns section. We tried the Crispy Pork Belly Bun and Tenderloin Rossini. REMINDER: Those burgers are tiny. The portions are literally 4 bites total. The Crispy Pork bun had too much hoison sauce but the pork was cooked perfectly. The Tenderloin Rossini was definitely worth the $17.50. The tenderloin was cooked to perfection. The downside was that I could not taste the foie gras nor the truffle mayo. . . The overall vibe of the restaurant and the food was 5 star worthy. But the restaurant was too loud. I seriously could not hear myself think. Therefore I brought the ratings down to 4 stars. If you are ever at the Cosmopolitan, you should definitely check this place out.
Passion. . . Many of the earth walkers lack this. Many proclaim to have it. They're just lying to themselves. Being a die hard Rage Against the Machine fan isn't passion. That's just plain old shitty taste in music. . . I, on the other money clenching hand, have passion. In fact, I have many of them. The Filet O Fish passion being the strongest and most lucrative. . . Another of them is, that I am/was chomping at the bit to turn Osama Bin Laden's head into a canoe. That one can be let go of...maybe. . . Another (the list goes on and on), and probably more important, cheeseburgers. . . Warmly situated in The Cosmopolitan, where I can be my usual mogul self and drop $17 for a burger and cutesy mini bucket of steak fries, enjoy them, and not be hounded for autographs and paparazzi. I have grown tired of putting my sharpie to bare supple breasts and cheeks of the buttocks of attractive, but morally questionable women. . . I don't quite remember which burger I ordered, but I do recall letting out a, "Mmmm-mmm, that is a tasty burger. Vincent, ever have a Big Kahuna Burger?" . . Blame the torrential down pour of Goose and Tonics from the the previous night for my lack of memory. However this review is more than fuckin' helpful. The duck fat fries are no longer on the menu. So you novelty food seeking bastards are in for a rude surprise. See, bishes....helpful. Suck on it. . . The kimchi quesadilla is good and spicy, but you might be hard pressed to find it worth the $14. Not me, I just refinanced my 1995 Maserati. So I'm good with the loot.. . Excuse me, I have to go water my passion(s).
Rule No. 1:  Don't piss me off before I even get seated.. Rule No. 2:  Refer to Rule No. 1. . Fresh from a Cosmopolitan Event at the Yard, their fourth floor pool, with ThreeKindsOfRumAndMangoPuree powerhouse drink in hand, my husband and I descended from up above for a burger at Holstein's.  Having attended a lot of beautiful, upscale, free functions at the Cosmopolitan, making it my favorite casino hotel, it was time to give back and actually patronize and pay for a meal there. . . Now I've traveled a good part of the world and most of the United States, and almost always have something drinkable in my hand, usually a Starbucks cup but, in a casino it's more likely a glass of wine after I've been gambling for a while.  Never, ever, ANYWHERE, have I been told that I can't bring an outside drink in.  This forced me either to leave the drink or chug-a-lug it.  Guess what I did?  But I wasn't happy.  The manager, when asked about their policy, was completely lame.  "We don't want anyone to get drunk."  Duh, is that why they have a full bar, complete with multiple flat screen TVs showing all manner of sports programs???  . . Bad beginning.  But I have to tell you that my burger - the California Turkey burger - may have been the best turkey burger I've ever eaten.  Moist.  Perfectly seasoned.  On a bun that was dense, so it didn't turn to mush like at all the other burger joints.  With all the other good stuff, too:  guacamole, pepper jack cheese, a huge tomato slice that was actually red and ripe, and a bit of slaw.  The steak fries were crisp, hot, and stayed hot, probably due to the little metal pail they're served in.. . My husband had Brisket Burger, a beef burger with a topping of juicy brisket in barbecue sauce.   He loved it.  He also loved his sweet potato fries, which were presented as one of the four potato options to accompany the burger.  But he wasn't told that there was a two-buck upcharge for them, which is a no-no in my book.. . We didn't try the shakes, because we were too full from all the drinks and chips we stuffed ourselves with upstairs, but they look great.  . . Our waitress was efficient, but not all that friendly, until she delivered the check.  Then it was all smiles and profuse thanks.  And we did appreciate the 15% discount for locals, though I'm not sure if it's a regular policy or because we bitched about the drinks.. . Given the quality of the food, we'll definitely go back.  Hmmm, if I pour my drink into a Starbucks cup, I wonder...
Any place there's a pink and white cow in the middle of the bar, I'm there.. . Holstein's was a great find last night, after countless hours of scouring the Yelp site for something other than sushi.  I was ready for a change, for a new spot to grab a burger, and when I saw the reviews for Holsteins and it's location, I had to give it a try.  . . Let me start by saying that the Cosmo itself is beautiful, and this place makes it even better with a pink and white cow in the middle of the bar.  . . I made reservations through their website (highly recommended) for dinner at 9pm.  Late?-Sure, but it prevents us from eating with the regular dinner crowd.  We arrived and were greeted by the nice hostess who seated us immediately a corner half booth.. . The ambiance is really comforting and chic, which I love.  With the chocolate leather seating to the bright colored tiles aligning one wall and picture-framed tv's, it's metrosexual.  The menu is interesting, too, boasting unique sodas, shakes, and burgers.  Obviously, the menu was in the higher dollar range for a burger considering it is in the Cosmo, but I went all out and ordered what I wanted.  . . I ordered their newest shake--the cereal bowl--which tasted like breakfast in the morning but in a really fantastic way.  With vanilla ice cream mixed with crushed Cap'n Crunch and Fruity Pebble cereal, it was quite a treat to have, almost like dessert before dinner.  I LOVE IT.  I'm a big cereal person, so this was perfect for me (and it was suggested by the server).. . Frank picked up this crazy strawberry soda that was really really good.  I'm going to try and find it at the soda shop on Trop and the 215.. . We had the philly spring rolls with tempura pepper slices and ketchup.  It was freakin' great.  The flavors and textures were all on point.  When you combine a philly with a spring roll, magic happens.  Squishy, creamy, gooey cheese oozes out of the end and the ketchup makes it all the better.. . We ordered their kettle chips, which had this great bleu cheese salt on them, and the french dip was awesome, too.  Unfortunately, the spring rolls trumped the chips, but they would go great with a beer at the bar, for sure.. . I ordered the Rising Sun burger: Kobe beef patty with tempura avocado, crispy yam strings, teriyaki sauce and spicy mayo.  Wow. Just the right amount of sauce and the yams gave it this nice, sweet, spicy flavor and texture.  The meat itself was well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  With that soft, white bun that didn't overpower the meal (it was really light), I believe that I found my favorite burger in Vegas.. . Frank ordered the Gold Standard: aged beef patty with guyere (substituted for the aged goat cheese), lettuce, tomato, and onion.  He added lobster, which made it decadent and very flavorful. The sweetness of the lobster accentuated the patty's aged flavor.  It's a winner, for sure.. . With no room for dessert, we tapped out with an 81.00 bill, which was expected.  I would definitely eat here again. And again. And again.. . If you want to try this place out, do.  There's a lot of try and many days out of the year to do it.
Buns and shakes...I guess they are alluding to..well they didn't say it specifically and it wasn't a breastaurant in case you are wondering! They have a nice selection of different burgers each with a different spin. I had the kimchi burger and was really impressed. Very flavorful with the sweet sauce and crunchy kimchi and the bun was soft and sweet. The sweet potato fries on the side were nothing special. Just anyplace frozen kind. Would have been nice to have some banchan instead, but it's a burger place :p. My friends were also nice enough to share the gold standard burger w tomato & arugula--very peppery. The delhi chicken sando--mild Indian flavor. The salmon--lots of salmon for the seafood lover. I liked the pickled shallots. Wanted more of them! Other than the food the atmosphere is laid back, waitstaff fine, not in your face.. It's a bit expensive, but it's Vegas! I'd go back~
There are some really fun  fusion food options like kalbi beef & kimchee quesadillas and philly cheesesteak egg rolls.  You can order a side of bulls balls, an alcohol infused shakes like the drunken monkey and pick up strippers at the bar or club right outside the restaurant.  What more do you need in Vegas?
Holy Cow this place was good! After a long trek from the East Coast to Las Vegas for a conference we were ravenous. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan and decided to find an affordable place in house to satisfy our hunger. We ended up settling on Holstein's due to the favorable reviews and the comfort of having a burger and fries. We were quickly seated around 6 pm on a Thursday night and were immediately given a nice bucket of popcorn (which means I will have to break out the floss later). Service was very friendly and our waiter was spot on with recommendations. I had the Steakhouse Burger which was cooked to absolute perfection. Cooking a burger correctly isn't that easy but Holstein's seems to have to process down pat. The steak fries are highly recommended. They also have an impressive beer collection if you need something to accompany your burger. We also ordered the lollipops for a dessert and these were more of a gimmick than an actual satisfying dessert. The only one that was worth eating again was the brownie one so don't waste your money here. The shakes looked yummy but I was too stuffed to attempt one after the lollipops (although I plan on heading back before leaving). The dessert wasn't enough to detract from a solid 4 stars though. You can't go wrong here and the price is good for a restaurant on the Strip.
Burgers and shakes...yum!. . Came here for lunch with some friends from China. They wanted to try some "American food" so we brought them here to check it out.. . This place has some awesome burgers and shakes. They are a bit pricey though. The shakes are good tasting and a bit creative, although at $11 dollars, are a bit on the expensive side. . . Had the drunken money ( Reeses pieces and bananas), and the cereal bowl (vanilla with pieces of cereal) . . The burgers are very tender, and although I only had the "Rising sun" (kobe beef, with spices and avocado) ($16.5), the other burgers looked very good too.. . Very good food at a higher price, but if you're in Las Vegas everything is going to cost more!
Excellent.  Very friendly and quick service.  Had the Delhi chicken burger, which was Mango chutney on a grilled chicken breast that was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Would give it 5 stars but it was a bit too pricey.  Paid $30 for a burger and a beer. ($25 plus tip. They got the full 20% for being so nice!).. Arrived at lunch time and there was a waiting list for tables, but could go straight to the bar which had the full menu.
We were there last weekend while staying at the Cosmopolitan. Stopped there Friday afternoon for drinks and appetizers. The Harvest cocktail is excellent with a great pear flavor. My boyfriend had the Galbi quesadilla which was terrific and a bit different.. . Saturday night we returned for a 10:30pm dinner because the burgers looked really good and the alcoholic dessert shakes were calling our name. Boyfriend had the rising sun and that tempura avocado makes it irresistible. I had the Captain Hook which is a grilled salmon "burger" (it is not a ground up salmon burger, rather a nice piece of grilled whole salmon) topped with lox! Very tasty. If anyone is familiar with Umami Burger in LA, then it is along those lines. Emphasis on the flavor combinations, not on how big the burger is or how much stuff is slopped onto it. Cooked to perfection as well. More cocktails, all good.. . The absolute best thing is the dessert shakes. We ordered the Lemon Meringue Pie and it might be the tastiest thing I've ever had! Unbelievable! Hands down the best shake out there. . . Servers and other staff are very friendly and give you accurate information. When they say the wait is 20 minutes, it's 20 minutes. Overall a really good experience.
Great option if you're in the Cosmopolitan. I tried their sliders (tiny buns) - meatball was perfect and the holstein beef was solid. Sit in the bar - guaranteed some of the best people watching in Vegas with Marquee in your sights.
Stopped by here for dinner after finding it impossible to get into Mandalay Bay to go to Fleur.  Is Calle 13 really that popular?. . John Curtas claimed that Holsteins pork belly buns were almost as good as Momofuku's in NYC (http://www.eatinglv.com/2010/12/holsteins-has-got-it-goin-on/) so we had to try them out.  A lemon meringue shake and a Korean burger rounded out the order.  My husband and I were starving from driving around Mandalay Bay and Luxor for an hour trying to find parking and getting stuck in traffic.   Our very nice server quickly took our order.. . The food came out very, very fast.  Which was great but also a little disconcerting.  They can cook that fast?  LBS, Holsteins sister restaurant at Red Rock Casino, takes forever!  And we weren't the only ones.  Our neighbors all got their food within 5 minutes of ordering.  Crazy.. . The pork buns are NOT "almost as good" as Momofuku's.  Not even close.  Maybe because Holsteins can see John Curtas coming a mile a way in his all-white suit, he got a better version.  But these were just ok.. . The Korean burger had a good flavor to it but there was too much liquid involved and the bottom bun was pretty soggy.. . The lemon meringue shake stole the show.  It's sounds weird but salted caramel in a lemon shake with Grand Marnier - brilliant!. . We figured our modest order and half-starved state would leave us enough room to try the infamous China Poblano next door. We were wrong.  The fat content of the food combined with the shake made us full very quickly. . . I like the service and the concept and the shakes.  I am definitely a fan.
So, I'm a vegetarian but we wound up here post Billboard Music Awards after staggering around trying to hail a cab. Hailing a cab in Vegas apparently requires a guidebook.. . Despite the cow house that Holsteins is, they have an "Urth burger". *giggle*. . The ambiance is pretty tan and nonviolent. Yes there's a big pink cow off the side when you walk in but beyond that, it doesn't scream STEAKHOUSE! in your face. There are little white outlined cows on glass partitions between booths but it's otherwise rustic mod, casual dining. . . We had no reservations but were seated promptly. It took awhile for the waitress to greet us, but to be fair we were probably extra anxious because we had just sat through three hours of the BMAs and were about to eat the table.. . As other Yelpers mentioned the food did come out pretty quick after we ordered. A little weird if I think everything is kinda sitting there udder (get it?) warmers but we were hungry so... whatevs.. . The macaroni w/truffle was divine. Order it. The modest portion is good to eat alone, or nicer if you share it. . . Everyone else seemed to enjoy their pulled pork bites, meatballs, guac, and sweet potato fries.. . My Urth Burger was HUGE. It didn't taste like a Morning Star, Boca or any other patty I've tried. That's usually a good thing because it means it's homemade, but I would be surprised if was here. A completely fine vegetarian option. . . The cider here is popular. They ran out of two types. There are crazy shakes on the menu that I'll have to try the next time I return.
In the land of buffets, $5 steak & eggs and celebrity-owned restaurants, sits Holsteins smack dab in the middle of The Cosmopolitan! All Yelpers are aware of the must-go (cheap) Vegas eats (Raising Cane's, Hash House, Earl of Sandwich and of course, Burger Bar), and I'm happy to say that Holstein's can join that list.. . Although my Kobe Beef Burger (The Rising Sun) ran me about $17 bucks, it was welllll worth it. It was topped with Tempura Avocado, Spicy Mayo, Crispy Sweet Potatoes, Furikake & Teriyaki Glaze...can you say yum??! My burger was cooked to medium perfection and it came with a side of thick, seasoned wedge fries. . . I love the variety on the menu as well. This place boasts Spiked Milkshakes, DIY Burgers, Mini Hotdogs, Chicken & Waffles and many different burger creations. I was torn between my Kobe Beef Burger and the "Big Fat Greek" which was a Lamb Burger topped with Feta & Tzatziki sauce, mmmm! . . Definitely a place to check out, especially if you don't want to go alllll the way to Mandalay Bay to eat at Burger Bar. Holstein's is a must for burger enthusiasts :). . Quick tips:. -Located on the 2nd floor along with the Chandelier Bar and across from Marquee. -Complimentary garlic/cheese infused popcorn. -Friendly service. -Awesome atmosphere!!
Great place at a beautiful hotel.  Burgers, shakes, etc.  For a complimentary appetizer, they give you garlic pop corn.  So yummy!
Love the burgers! Even better with sweet potatoe fries! The shoestring fries are my 2nd fav. . . I tried The Rising Sun, and it was so good. The kobe beef was cooked to order, however you like it. The meat came out perfect!. . The Hen House was even better because it has eggs! I'm a big egg-lover. And of course bacon can do no wrong.
We came here on our last day - we both had hangovers and needed something greasy and a nice fat burger was definitely the remedy to our hangovers. . I ordered the Hen House burger with fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion and ketchup and a side of shoestring fries ($14) and the boyfriend got The Longhorn burger topped with smoked beef brisket, whiskey BBQ sauce, cole slaw and dill pickle and a side order of steak cut fries ($16). Both burgers were huge! I really liked my burger, I wasn't too sure about the fried egg on a burger but that shit was amazing! The yolk cracked and the bun soaked it all up and it was delicious :) and the you can't go wrong with bacon - it was the perfect breakfast/lunch/hangover burger ever! The boyfriend wasn't fond of his though - he said that brisket that came on top was really fatty and the brisket was the reason he ordered the burger. He helped me eat my burger which was fine because I could only eat a third of it anyways. I couldn't get enough of my fries either, those shoestring fries were amazingly addicting. . Service was alright - I was too out of it to really care about the service though, I just wanted my food which did come out fast so I had no complaints.
After reading many yelpers raving about this place, the girlfriend and I decided to give it a shot.  The pink cow didn't hurt too (how can you turn away a pink cow?!? she says). . Location:  Located in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel right outside of Marquee nightclub, this joint is in a prime spot to see and be seen in.  Definite positive points in my book.. . Atmosphere:  The top 40s music really gets your heart pumping and is very fitting for a Cosmo hotel food establishment.  I honestly didn't take much notice to the artwork and aesthetic elements of the restaurant.  Very pop modern feel without being too noisy or overbearing.  There is a bar and lounge area at the front if your in the mood for a more casual mingling time with knee high tables and LCD tvs behind the bar.  Beyond that is the regular dining portion of the restaurant.. . Food:  . -Fried pickles. -"Rising sun burger". -Sweet potato fries. -Shoestring fries. . Fried pickles baby!  Money. Ok honestly this was the first time I had fried pickles in my life, and well I am a DIE HARD pickle lover (so really any sort of pickles would be great), these were pretty bomb.  They give you a little tin with some breaded fried pickles in them, fried olives, and caper berries!  What is a caper berry? Yes first time I have come across one myself (like ash finding a new pokemon I guess? kinda puzzling, yet exciting).  But yah, it was pretty darn good.  I was kinda sad that there were only a few of them (about 5-6 wedges of pickles, 2 olives, 2 caper berries), but they were good, while they lasted. :(  Also there was a small assortment of deli meats (salami, ham, prosciutto) which seemed like an odd pairing with the fried items, but they were a a nice tasty tidbit before our meal came.  We both having similar tastes, the gf and I ordered "The Rising Sun" burger.  To be honest, the server who brought our burgers out said this was the best burger in his opinion on the menu.  (I'll be the judge of that myself sir, lol).  Well this burger was seriously a masterpiece in of itself.  Kobe beef patty with a Teri Glaze, brought me back to Punahou carnival days (if your from hawaii and know what im talking about), and on top of that you get the little shredded yam crispies adding color and a little bit of sweetness to the burger, nori furikake inside, with a generous piece of fried avocado, again giving another element of texture and creaminess to your bite.  Then for the finale, the spicy mayo spread on the bun (like the kine you get with spicy tuna sushi), is like a ninja just hiding there as you gaze at all the other elements of the burger, waiting to make its presence known.  This my friend gives you that zing of heat (without being overpowering) that really brings all these flavors together, and for me this spicy mayo was the winnaz.  Quite honestly one (if not the) best burger i've had the honor to come across in my life.  You also get your choice of bun (white or wheat).  Both of which are quite tasty, as I got the white and the gf got the wheat, really can't go wrong with either.  They come with your choice of fries: shoestring or steak-cut.  I didn't want to copy the gf as I wanted the shoestring, so I convinced her to ask to upgrade to sweet potato fries.  They come in little mock fry-baskets which is a thumbs up for presentation.  For the taste of each of the fries, both were VERY good, would definitely recommend either in a heartbeat.  Also they give you a nice amount of fries which is always great!. . Price:  Ok so this is always the boohoo side of a vegas story, but honestly people it is vegas and yes $16-17 bucks for a designer burger is on the steep side for most people, but it is in my honest opinion worth it.. . Verdict:  Holsteins presents itself as a hip, modern burger/diner type joint in the heart of the new cosmopolitan hotel.  It's decor and atmosphere really mesh well with the feel of the hotel itself and the food it presents.  You really get what you pay for in my opinion, a great designer burger, one that you quite honestly could not find anywhere else.  In comparison, for $16-17 I would take it over BLT's Wagyu beef burger & Max Brenner's Kobe burger any day for the same price range.  It's definitely a place to check out if you're in the moooOOd for some good burgers!. . (They are known for their shakes too, but we didnt get to try them as the idea of a shake first thing in the morning after a long night clubbing didn't quite fit the agenda, if you know what I mean)
It's hard to resist a restaurant that offers spiked shakes and gourmet burgers.  My friend June had been to Holsteins on an earlier Vegas trip and come back raving that it was the one restaurant she'd hit that she wanted to revisit.  I can't tell you how many times I stared drooling at the menu before we went for dinner.. . Holsteins is in the new and beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, and it's right across from Marquee.  We went and got stamped for the Marquee before we checked in for dinner, and we ended up missing our reservation (held for fifteen minutes).  The staff was nice about it, though, and it turned out that seating, even for a party of seven, was not a problem.  Holsteins is a swanky place, with comfortable booths and a giant pink cow on display.  We had a waiter named Chaz, and he was friendly and on his game.. . The drinks were everything I wanted and more.  The spiked milkshakes were absolutely delicious.  The Frozen Grasshopper came with peppermint meringue, chocolate crunchies, creme de menthe, and Van Gogh Dutch chocolate vodka.  I can't imagine it was terribly boozy, but it was a fabulous milkshake, with full mint chocolate flavor and the perfect thickness.  The little meringue was delightful, and the crunchy chocolate bits added texture to every sip.  The Brown Cow was also fantastic, an adult root beer float made with root beer, vanilla ice cream, pop rocks, and Charbay Tahitian vanilla rum.  It had all the kid-pleasing taste of a great root beer, and I can't overstate the fun of pop rocks.  I also tried the Bloody Mary, without ice cream, but with Smirnoff infused with pepper and cilantro, combined with Bloody Mary mix and garnished with a toothpick bearing an olive and a cocktail shrimp.  I love a good Bloody Mary, and this was a good one.  It had a heavy spicy flavor but a thin clean texture, and I appreciate food in my drink when appropriate.. . Our table split three appetizers, and that felt like the right amount.  The fried pickles were easily my favorite, breaded and deep-fried dill spears, olives, and caper berries, served with small sides of prosciutto and salami and an herb-caper mayo for dipping.  These were magical.  The breading was flavorful, crispy, and light, and the pickles oozed their pickly flavor.  I would also recommend the bucket of buffalo wings, which came with a bleu cheese dip.  Nothing fancy, but delicious.  I was disappointed, though, by the truffle lobster mac' n cheese.  The creamy tallegio-mascarpone sauce was more creamy than it was cheesy, making the appetizer more like a macaroni salad.  The Maine lobster was barely there, and the black truffle didn't come through.. . The burgers were very good, though I suspect that the strength may lie in the toppings.  The classic - with just lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, ketchup, and pickles - was the most boring of the bunch, and that doesn't hold true with a remarkable patty.  The patties were definitely tasty, though, with plenty of juice, and they held up well to some fun accompaniments.  My favorite was the Rising Sun.  With a Kobe beef patty, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado, it was definitely a loaded gimmick of a fusion burger - but damn if I didn't gobble it down.  The teriyaki was sweet but not cloying, and the salt of the speckles of dried seaweed was great.  The crispy yam gave a welcome crunch, and that strip of avocado tempura was creamy and beautiful.  The Gold Standard was also good, a dry-aged beef sirloin burger topped with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli.  It was less of a stand-out, though, and the tomato confit did not bring on the umami parade I'd hoped for.  If you like lamb burgers, the Big Fat Greek is a good choice.  With Greek spiced lamb, feta cream, lettuce, tomato, tzatziki sauce, and red onion and olive relish, it's a little like a Greek menu threw up on a burger.  The result, though, is hearty and pretty well done.. . The burgers all come with a side of fries, and you have a choice of shoestring, sweet potato, and steak cut.  I prefer my thin fries, and the shoestring and sweet potato were both superb.  Holsteins knows its way around a potato - even the steak cut fries were well seasoned and not at all mushy.. . When we left for Marquee we were all stuffed to the brim.  The meal was not cheap - burgers started at $13 and shakes were $11 - but it was a satisfying feast that hardly qualified as a splurge in Vegas.  I've had better burgers, but I was impressed by the Rising Sun, and I doubt I've had better milkshakes.  If you're in Vegas hankering for a fattening meal, check Holsteins out.
I completely happened upon this spot by chance. I had been wandering around in some labyrinthine mall full of ritzy stores I couldn't imagine shopping in, when I saw the sign for Holstein's Shakes and Buns? Sounds like a winning combo to me. . . They weren't very crowded in the middle of the afternoon, so my gf and I got a seat real quick. I had a good buzz going, so we opted for something off the Tiny Buns section of the menu. I went with the Crispy Pork Belly Bun, my gf had the Meat Ball Grinder. We also got an order or shoestring fries. I contemplated getting an alcoholic milkshake, but I figured it would be a waste since the food & shake itself would likely counteract the effects of the alcohol, and I also assume the amount of booze in each shake is equivalent to one conservative shot. . . The Meat Ball Grinder was good, but I also have yet to find a meatball anywhere on Earth as good as my Dad's, so I'm going to be biased eternally. The Pork Belly, however, was so goddamn good. The key was the Asian steamed bum it was served in. It's like someone sliced a little circle of fluffy goodness of the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and used it to bundle up my delicious pork product. I've never eaten anything like it before. The fries were boring, although shoestring has never been my favorite. They're pretty typical for a place that seems to thrive on atypical offerings. . . I'm definitely coming back here with a bigger appetite to try some of their full-serve offerings, and maybe one of those gourmet booze-infused milkshakes. They aren't too expensive, and the food is killer.
Had a quick lunch here and it was good. The cosmo is really hip and this place follows that vibe. I almost  didn't feel cool enough to be there. Anyway, i had a s'mores shake (awesome!), and gold standard burger. It was a great burger BUT the 17.50 price tag is alittle much. For that price I expected more I guess. There are other things on the menu that sounded really good, so I'd probably go back. I'll just be prepared to spend $35 on lunch.
I had 2 1/2 meals here (the "1/2" was a quick appetizer I grabbed) while staying at the Cosmopolitan this past weekend, and it's definitely a solid spot. . . I came here twice for lunch and both meals were yummy! First time I had some sort of "Korean quesadilla." Honestly, this was probably my least favorite thing I had here. It wasn't bad, but there was a couple different types of sauce on it, and I thought they kind of overpowered things. I was the only one who didn't get a burger during this meal, but I nibbled on some fries of those who did (sweet potato and steak fries) & they were yummy! . . For the second lunch I had to try a spiked shake & it was DELICIOUS! I had the one that was supposed to taste like "cereal" and it did! I don't know if this is true or not, but I was informed by our waitress that this is one of only two places in the US (maybe the world?) that serves this shake. I also bad some delicious buffalo wings (just the right amount of sauce w/the right amount of kick) & some Polish sausage sliders (the red peppers were a nice touch).  Everything was great! . . For my "half" meal I had the "hummus guacamole." This isn't what I was expecting (it was chunkier than I thought), but still tasted good. It came w/a lot of pita chips. . . The service here was excellent on each occasion. Holsteins is located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan (while most of the other restaurants are located on the 3rd floor) and is a little more casual, and therefore it bit cheaper than other restaurants. . . Even though this is pretty standard in Vegas another nice thing about this restaurant is you can get to-go cups for alcohol. One night while wondering around the hotel I just popped in at the bar and got a "Dragon" cocktail in a to-go cup. This drink is one of the many at Holsteins that is made w/Vitamin water. It's yummy...and um...healthy?
If you are a big fan of duck and foie gras, as I am, you will love, love, LOVE the Duck, Duck, Goose Burger. Also, their "Bam Boozled" (technically alcoholic, but there is so little alcohol that it's almost unfair to say they contain alcohol) Pina Colada Shake may be the best milkshake I've ever had anywhere. I do have issue with the hefty $11 price tag though (I'm assuming the "alcohol" contained within technically makes it a cocktail, thus the rational for the extraordinary cost - I really wish there was a $6 non-alcoholic version). Nevertheless, Holsteins definitely has the most interesting burgers in Las Vegas and definitely worth the try if you're big on non-traditional burgers.
Great burger and steak fries. Reasonable prices by Vegas standards. Would definitely recommend. I'm just sorry I wasn't up to trying one of their alcoholic milkshakes!
Good food. Prices are ok. . We had Kobe Burgers there. Were yummy. . Lots of beers to choose from. . Waitress was very nice. We were there on 12/21. They had 10 free tables and send Us to wait for 30 min. . Thats sad. . Shakes were good. . Dessert Sampler was ok Not really a Must have for 14$. Would go there once again but i would nt wait 30 min for a Table Next time
The first time we tried to go the wait was too long, so it is a popular place. The second time was a less busy day and time so we got a table. The alcohol milkshakes were a fun treat for a weekend in vegas with many different selections like dark chocolate and cookies and cream. I also tried one of the mini-burgers but it was small and maybe difficult to make a patty that size very juicy, so I would go with the full sized burger next time. Most of the food on the menu was burgers and fries so go if that is what you are in the mood for and you want a lot of options in that category. The prices are steep, about $15 burgers and $10 alcoholic milkshakes, but that is nothing on the strip, and the location, decor, atmosphere, and service are great.
Believe the hype...this place is real. We ate here on a Saturday night and the food and atmosphere is awsome.  Quick Tip: make reservations or you'll be waiting for a while and do not ask for "duck-fat fries" because they don't serve it anymore. . This place is situated inside the Comopolitan at City Center, it sits right across from the Chandelier room (?) and from Tao. The atmosphere is very modern, hip, trendy.  The server we had was awsome. She was very attentive to a larger group (we had 12 peeps) and patient with us.. . On to the food: I had the fried pickles appetizer,  "Rising sun" burger with shoestring fries and "Midas touch" beer. The fried pickles were good, they bread and deep fried a regular size pickle that is sliced lengh-wise with the bomb ass dipping sauce (forgot what it was called). Burger = I had mine done medium, and it came out perfectly with T-L-O (tomato-lettuce-onions) you really can't describe in words how good this gourmet hamburger was other than to say, its on my list of top 3 hamburgers I've eaten. I really wanted to limit what other ingredients that made up the hamburger itself.  I wanted to taste the Kobe beef, and yes, please believe, all thats been said about Kobe beef.  The house made bread, I think, was the perfect ingredient to the hamburger, it was fresh, not too "doughy". The shoestring fries was "eehh" only thing that saved the fries was the dipping sauce I had leftover from the appetizer. It was more of an afterthought.. . Beer = I could have gotten another one of these, Its made by Dogfish and it was really good. It really complimented my meal. . . Next time I'm in Sin City, I will make it a point to make another stop here
I came here specifically to try the duck fat fries but unfortunately it is no longer on the menu. Didn't get to try the spiked milkshakes but the four of us came in so hungry, we each ordered a burger. Rising Sun (fried avocado tempura, fried yam, 8 oz. kobe beef, and teriyaki sauce) YUM. Also tried the Bulgogi Burger (not Bulgogi at all, just same beef patty, kimchee, and a fried egg with runny yolk). . It was very tasty and came with either shoestring or steak cut fries, but I sorta wished the fried yam in my Rising Sun was one thick slice that was tempura fried as well instead of shredded (they looked like carrot shreds).. . Truffle Popcorn was tasty since we were so hungry but there wasn't much truffle taste to it. Still yum though!
Good food fun atmosphere. Would have liked to have gotten around to trying more food, especially dessert. The meatball sliders were delicious
Wow!! Best burger I ever had. I ordered the hen house burger which had a beef patty (it was like homemade), bacon, an a fried egg. Hamburgers are one of my favorite foods and this definitely has been on of my top faves!!!  I will definitely come back here on one of my next trips to Vegas! I also ordered a pitcher of the white sangria which was pretty good.  The shake menu looked amazing but I was way too full to order one, so since I'm staying at the cosmopolitan, I may come back to try those out!! :). I didn't give it a five bc the server was just ok. She was nice but not very attentive.
Really good burger!!! I had a burger with beef brisket, cheddar, pickles and Cole slaw. Although I opted out the Cole slaw, I totally enjoyed the burger! The fries were great and I had a white sangria that was very refreshing!
Overpriced?  Definitely.  Delicious? Indeed.  I had the salmon burger and it was the best thing that I ate all weekend.
A trendy casual restaurant with hearty, quality burgers with a twist, located across from Marquee in the Cosmo, Vegas. It's an experience in itself and a good spot for everyone - groups of girls, guys, families, singles, etc.. . CALIFORNIA TURKEY with steakcut fries ($14.50) - Highly Recommend!. This burger is absolutely delicious, nourishing (not greasy) and unique. The alfalfa sprouts especially added some magical delicious flair that just made it to die for! I'm totally craving one right now and would order it again in a heartbeat! Portions are big, so a g/f and I shared this and we were both full. . . Although our service was really lacking, I totally recommend this place!
**THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE "NAUGHTY SHAKES" ONLY**. . Shake+Alcohol=Happy Jon. After eating dinner at China Poblano I waddled in here to try a drunk shake with my family. I tried the Bubble Gum Watermelon shake simply because of how ridiculous it sounded. At $11 for a lot of alcohol I was happily buzzed by the time I left. With an impressive selection of drinks and some crazy combos I will certainly be back to try more!
Holsteins is a littlepricey for what you get, but the Shakes and Burgers are really good.  I ate here with my family for a birthday celebration, and was impressed with the food that we got.  The menu is setup interestingly and can be a little confusing at first.  We got some pretty good flavored popcorn as a little appetizer.. . The kids menu is simple and decent as my son had two mini burgers with fries.  The burgers were good and the fries are well prepared.  I would like a softer bun on the mini burgers though.  Fried green tomatoes are OK and not worth the price in my opinion (worst thing we ordered).  My wife had the "Gold Standard" burger with sweet potato fries as no duck fat fries were offered.  The aged beef was really good and the burger had great flavor overall (4 stars).  I actually like the buns they use for the burgers as they are somewhat soft and taste good.  She also had the "Power Shake" which was amazing as it was a good mix between shake and drinking yogurt (5 stars).  I ordered the Rising Sun burger with onion rings and a Brown Cow (Root beer float with pop rocks).  The burger was great but overcooked as I wanted medium and got medium well (4.5 stars).  Onion rings were a disappointment as I expected better (3 stars).  If you want a good dipping sauce ask for the spicy mayo used in the Rising Sun burger and add a little Ketchup to it for a good sauce for your fries and onion rings.  The Brown Cow was really good as they use a good root beer and ice cream for it (4 stars).  You get a lot of shake which is nice and the pop rocks are kind of fun addition to the drink.  . . Holsteins has decent service great shakes and some great hamburgers.  If the price and some of the items were better I would give this place five stars, but with some OK items and a somewhat hefty price I give them four stars.  Great food and worth eating here once while in Vegas if not more often depending on what you like to eat.  I want to try some of the other burgers and shakes though.
Best burgers in Las Vegas! I was never a fan of the idea of paying a lot of money for something I can get at In-N-Out for 5$. However, these burgers are truly different and absolutely delicious. Appetizers are great too. Shakes are delicious. One little problem with the place is rude hosts. Every time I come I am surprised by just how rude they are- really talk down to people. Aside from that 2 minute expericence, this place is truly worth trying.
Frozen Grasshopper, my first shake EVER.  The presentation of it caught my eye first.  As a waiter who walked by had it on a tray, I just had to ask what it was called.  After contemplating, I order the grasshopper and enjoyed until it got to that melted consistency - then I just gave it to my b/f to finish.  For food, I was having a difficult time deciding (once again), but got the Gold Standard Burger w/ steak cut fries.  A pretty juicy burger that had good flavor.  I was so full when I left! ... full, but satisfied.
Dropped in here one evening as my brother, gf and I were casino hopping and had dinner..WOW..I have had some yummy burgers but I did not expect to be blown away like this..absofrigginlutely amazing.. . We ordered some rings and fries to share and the portions were just right, they even brough us a small bucket of popcorn to munch on, a very nice twist... . But, even better was the service..Nice, fast, professional, funny..
Hubby & I decided to try this place after a movie last night... and the major failing was a lack of wheelchairs to take us out of there after we totally stuffed ourselves.. . Hubby got a loaded shake, the Drunken Monkey... it was supposed to be a banana/peanut butter/chocolate shake but no banana flavoring was detected.  He said it was still excellent, just not what he thought he was ordering.. . Appetizers... we got the fried pickles, which were very good... and the fried green tomatoes, which were extremely excellent.. . I got the mini-buns with the asian pork belly, which I loved, and a side order of fries (ridiculous quantity, but good).  Hubby got the Korean Bull-gogi burger, and it was fantastic.. . One of the rare places where a medium burger is actually cooked to medium instead of well done.. . Ingredients were fresh, food was excellent.. they even make their own mayonnaise & ketchup (Udder sauce) in house.. . We will definitely be returning to sample more items.. oh, and they gave us a 15% off locals discount, which we hadn't expected.. very nice!
Perfect place for a late night burger.. . Positives:. +Popcorn starter for all. +Oh so juicy Big Bun The Classic with Cheddar. +Thin crispy shoestring fries. +Washing the grease down with malt yummy Drunken Monkey Bam-boozled shake. +DJs ambiance of music. . Negatives:. -loud volume music causing me constantly say, "what...huh, what did you say."  Love the music just wished the volume was for background.. . I typically like to try different restaurants when visiting, but I can't wait to come back and try other things.
Very cool, busy place to catch a casual meal at the Cosmopolitan!  The sliders were great and so were the shoestring fries...I couldn't stop eating them!
I went here twice during my week in Vegas, and I would have gone back again if I could.  We tried a lot of different things on the menu, and everything was good.  The service was great, and it is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is amazing.. . Basically whatever you get here is going to be good; burgers, salads, appetizers, drinks, and reasonably priced for Vegas.
We went on a Saturday night & a dj was playing.  Music was good & we enjoyed the trendy vibe.  . . We kept seeing dishes go by so it made it hard for me to decide!  We snacked on the free popcorn which my hubby loved!  We started with the "Drunken Monkey" shake(alcoholic but not noticeable) with Reese's on top!!!  Yum!  Let me say that again....YUM!  . . As for my dinner, I couldn't make a decision so Iwent with the Classic Burger & steak fries($13.50).  I know boring with all the cool choices but oh well.  It was worth the money!   The meat was juicy & FLAVORFUL(something that scores well with me)! Not to mention it was very filling!   The fries were good too! The hubby ordered a specialty burger & shoestring fries which he said was good too!. . We saw some sort of blue thing & dry ice or something at a nearby table.  We were intrigued but couldn't tell what it was....otherwise we may have tried that as well!  . . I wish I would of tried the lobster truffle Mac n cheese but we were too full!. A little pricey but most places are on the strip.  However, this one was worth my dollars!!. . Inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  2nd floor.
So close but so far is all I can say of this new restaurant.  I went with a friend on opening night and everything was perfect; the meat was cooked to order, the toppings were flavorful and well proportioned, the bun was great, and I walked out of there claiming that it might have unseated Burger Bar as one of my favorites (More on Burger Bar in a future article).  The bacon, cheese, and garlic aioli all had great flavor, and didn't compete with each other.  I went back a second time a week later with the always negative writer of our sister site, the Boston Burger Blog, and the meat was very overcooked.  Again the toppings and bun were excellent, but the overcooked meat greatly took away from our experience and flavor.  We both agreed that if the meat was cooked medium-rare as ordered, it would have earned several more points.  Being a restaurant that has a burger and shake theme, this is something that really should be right every time.. . But as you know, the burger isn't the only factor taken into consideration.  The fries need work.  The first time I ate there our waiter explained that we needed to get the shoestring fries because they were a clone of McDonalds' fries, and they were.  They were really good, and maybe lacked some of the greasiness that coincide with the big chain's version.  The second time they seemed to be a bit different, and almost seemed to stray towards the lackluster fries of Burger King after the Great Change.  The duck fat fries also seemed a bit better the first time than the second.  Another great item were the 'loaded' shakes; mostly classic flavors and mixes with a good amount of alcohol in each one.  While they are a bit expensive, the few that I've tried have all been quite tasty.. . I managed to squeeze a third visit here in the midst of my busy schedule, and this time there were more problems.  First of all, we had a horrible wait for food; people sat after us, ate and left before any of our food arrived to our table.  The restaurant was severely understaffed for some convention that was in town that week.  While I understand that rushes do occur, some careful planning and a bit of coordination with the hotel management to see what kind of occupancies you'll have from week to week would be a good idea.  On top of our wait, I got steak fries instead of shoestring, which isn't a deal breaker, but when I'm supposed to be finding anything wrong with my meal this makes it easy.  Like my first visit, the meat was cooked perfectly so this gives me hope that they might be back to their original form, even with a packed house. My Asian themed burger had great flavor overall, and a little bit of a bite which was welcome.  It came topped with an over-easy egg that was cooked perfectly, and a glaze that had good flavor.. . All things considered, this restaurant has already brought me in for three separate visits so there is some merit to that.  But the inconsistencies from meal to meal, combined with the not-so-great service prevent me from bumping this burger to the next level.  It's definitely worth a first time visit, if not just to experience the Cosmopolitan property and take in extreme Vegas opulence.
the food was good.. a bit costy..  but hey your in vegas huh? the atmosphere was pleasant and the service was great!
Lobster truffle Mac n Cheese is where it's at!!! I was dissapointed when it came out in sucha  small bowl but I couldn't finish, it was so rich and creamy!! yummm!! the shakes...eh I can do without
"That's a pretty f****** good milkshake. I don't know if it's worth five dollars but it's pretty f******g good." Vincent from Pulp Fiction. . Milkshakes are delicious! Expensive, but delicious! Seriously, that was the first thing that flashes in my head when I think of that milkshake. We got the black and white malted, and unf, I would love to have it again. Don't know if it was worth the price though. . . So I like it. Got the Bulgogi burger because 1) I love bulgogi burgers and 2) I don't remember the last time I had one.. . My verdict? You know, it was good, but there needs to be more kimchi (hello, I'm Korean), the marinade is weaksauce (seriously needs more), and I don't think I'm a fan of a bulgogi burger made with ground beef and no mayo. It's not a bad burger, just not for me. I would've liked it a little more like how my mom makes it, or how I'm used to in Korea: lots of thin slices of delicious, tender, fragrant marinated beef with some mayo.. . Atmosphere was great. I like eating at a trendy place with a DJ spinning. It's nice and it gives it a club atmosphere. The wait staff was really friendly, and the food came out pretty fast. I love how things come out in little buckets. Cute!. . Portions are... on the smaller side. Maybe I'm used to mountains of fries coming out with my burgers, but it was a little bit of a let down.. . I also didn't realize that this place only serves burgers. I felt so bad for my boyfriend because he does NOT under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES for reasons fuzzy eat burgers. There was almost nothing for him to eat, and so he barely ate anything. He got the Meatball Grinder, and it was a super tiny order on buns, which he didn't eat. He liked the meatballs... but seriously wasn't enough food for him.. . If you eat here, make sure that everyone is okay with eating burgers.
Service is always on point. They're fast, friendly, and funny.. . Eating here before the Adele concert was a savior because I really didn't feel like eating at a higher end restaurant at Cosmo. Just something easy and nothing formal.. . I had their tenderloin rossini which were sliders with tenderloin, foie gras, and mushrooms. Meat was bigger than the buns. Super juicy. And I could taste the foie but, couldn't see it. I was dissappointed with that cause when I'm eating foie, disgusting as it may sound, I like to see the fat coming out of it.. . Pizza rolls were like those pizza bites but, I'd rather have pizza bites. lol
Let me start by saying that I am not a "cool" person, so when I approached Holsteins for dinner I thought I would feel out of place.  It turned out to be a very enjoyable, memorable experience.. . The restaurant is on the second floor of the chic Cosmopolitan hotel which is packed with the young and hp on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was crowded when we arrived, and the hostess was not accepting names for a table.  However, we were told we could wait in the bar area and visit her again in a half hour to inquire about a table.. . I'm not sure if this is typical, but it seems like a smart business decision on their part -- to get the guests into the bar to buy drinks first.  It worked for my party.. . We actually ordered two appetizers from the bar: fried green tomatoes and lobster macaroni & cheese.  Both were excellent, but the macaroni and cheese is other worldly good.. . Holstein's "adult" shakes all sounded incredibly delicious -- about ten to fifteen listed options including everything from Cap'n Crunch to chocolate covered pop rocks.  I settled on their "brown cow" which has root beer, vanilla ice cream, pop rocks and rum.  It was wonderful.. . After about 45 minutes in the bar, we finally got a table in the restaurant.  I got the "gold standard" burger which -- though not fancy -- was delicious.  The three people in my party each ordered different burgers and different fries (shoestring, steak and sweet potato).  We shared and loved it all.. . With dinner, I had the red sangria which was wonderful.  I tried my friend's white sangria which was light and refreshing.. . I would definitely recommend Holsteins and would return the next time in Las Vegas.. . Final word to the wise: the bar is LOUD.  The music is cranked so incredibly high that I am shocked hotels across the street couldn't hear it.  Conversation in the bar is strained at best.  Once in the restaurant, the music is less assaultive, but the wood-clad restaurant is also naturally loud.  This is a fun restaurant -- but not one to relax and converse in.
Food was good had chicken waffles and the salty shake, the shake was exceptional, if anything I will go back for that. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Will recommend to visitors.
4.5 stars!. . We ordered tiny burgers and pizza twinkies + strawberry cheesecake milkshake.  Food is quite cute and creative,nice presentation and taste good.. . Service is fast and attentive.  Just abit too pricey for appetitizers ($17 ea) conisdering the level of restaurant + serving size.
Shakes and Buns?! I'm sold!. . I knew I wanted to try a 'crazy' shake when I saw the online menu before we go to this place, but they didn't seem to have as many shakes as I saw online or my failed memory from constant drinking and partying the many nights before was kicking in or I was just starting to feel 26. Who knows?. . We opted to sit in the lounge area (only 2 of us since the rest of our party decided to fly out of Vegas early, good if you don't want to gamble all your winnings away last minute) and we were greeted by our waitress.. . I ordered from the Tiny Buns (also known as sliders) and got the Crispy Pork Sliders! I was also suffering from what we believed to be a food allergy to something from the night before, so we informed our waitress that I have a seafood allergy and she went ahead and informed the kitchen of this so they would take extra care as to not contaminate ANYTHING with seafood. Man do I miss seafood... +50 stars for this alone.. . The pork sliders were small, but filling...may be small for other people though! They pan fried them for me to be extra safe.. . My dining partner, Jeff L., ordered some fat ass burger called The Rising Sun. I didn't get to taste it, but it looked REALLY good. Also, it comes with fries, but not enough fries where it you could split it amongst people.. . I didn't want to overeat, even though we were in Sin City, so I just got a shake as oppose to the pretty awesome sounding appetizers. We shared the Cereal Bowl shake which basically had Captain Crunch in it. It won't cut the roof of your mouth!. . Downside: we didn't get any utensils or condiments and/or free popcorn and couldn't flag down our waitress for it either! Whomp whomp had to ask the bartender!
We found Holstein's by accident, wandering around The Cosmopolitan after deciding to skip a dinner at The Henry. Good decision. . . I went with the hen house burger (fried egg and bacon) with sweet potato fries, wife went vanilla and got the classic with shoestring fries. Burgers were great, accurately cooked - although so juicy that the bottom bun quickly becomes soggy. I was happy to see Shiner Bock on the draft list so I skipped the bamboozed shake, wife had a chocolate malt. She claims the malt was one of the best she has ever had, Shiner is always perfect.. . Fairly full off of the cheddar popcorn, burgers and fries, we decided to not do dessert - EXCEPT for the Nitro Meringues. ORDER THE NITRO MERINGUES. A waiter brings them from the kitchen in a bowl of liquid nitrogen and serves them to you one at a time. I was having so much fun blowing smoke that I can't remember the taste.. . Oh yeah, they had baseball on TV, +1.
I must eat here again. I was too hungover and thirsty to try one of their shakes! (but who isn't in Vegas?) However, i was still able to enjoy their Gold burger and fries. *thumbs up* Too bad this place isn't open after Marquee closes cuz the drunkards would be flockin'! . Awesome service, good food, reasonable prices. Give it a try!
Found Holsteins on Yelp--and gave it a go for lunch!  I LOVE burgers--and this place was pretty good. . . The Cosmopolitan hotel is an upscale establishment located in the new City Center development.  We were staying at the Belllagio, and the Cosmpolitan was right next door.. . The restaurant is located on the second floor.  It was a bit loud and chaotic when we got there--which is probably to be expected on a busy Friday in Vegas.. . I started with the Cereal Bowl--an incredible vanilla milkshake with vanilla vodka and CAPTAIN CRUNCH mixed in--awesome--though not super potent from an alcohol standpoint.. . I had the Hen House burger--which is a burger with bacon and fried egg on top, and I added American cheese.  The burger was fantastic, cooked to order, and served with seasoned steak fries which were a bit dull compared with the rest of the food (you can order shoestring fries instead).  As said in another review--the juiciness of the burger definitely soaked the bottom bun making it a bit unappetizing.. . From a service standpoint we were seated immediately, and then there was some confusion as one server took our drink order--which took about 10 minutes to fill, and another server then took over.   After that the server was quite attentive despite being very busy.. . Though not a cheap restaurant--Holsteins was reasonably priced for this part of the strip.  The ambience was fun and bright, and I would definitely return for the shake!
no wait for a table! hoooray!! the korean bull-gogi burger was pretty damn tasty! the bff and i split this burger and the waitress was kind enough to bring an extra plate without us even asking for one. we requested the burger be cooked medium and that's exactly what we got. the over easy egg was fried to perfection. as for the kimchee slaw... it wasn't spicy enough! maybe because the kalbi glaze overpowered the spices. the shoestring fries were sooooo yummy!!! all in all, we were both stuffed. thank goodness we didn't each order a dish. i'd def come back to try the other items on the menu.
Kind of a bummer that we had a late buffet lunch before coming here around 7:30 pm.  Bad idea!  We were meeting up with our friends at Marquee in the evening and were on a quest for a nearby casual place to have dinner.  I'm such a sucker for burgers and puns, so when we stumbled upon this place, I was sold.. . The cheddar popcorn they have on the tables (for you to munch on as you peruse the menu) was so addicting!  Do they sell this stuff by the bag??  It's got the crispy texture (like normal popcorn and not the fluffy pirates booty kind).. . I was still stuffed from the buffet lunch so I sadly had to opt for the greener pastures salad =(.  I was really bummed out about this since I LOVE my beef.  Boy would I regret it even more later. They were quite stingy on the avocado, but since it was Vegas and also not California, I let that one slide. Not to imply that the salad was bad!  It was actually VERY fresh, and organic too!. . My fiance got the bullgogi burger and it was AMAZING.  It was perfectly seasoned and tasted EXACTLY how it should (the kimchi flavor really came through -- pretty surprising for an American burger joint!) The fried egg was still runny too =)  I actually ended up stealing 4 bites of it from him muhahaha.  We really loved the fact that the sauce wasn't overpowering everything, and that you can still enjoy all the flavors in the burger.  I'm definitely going to get my own next time haha.. . Service was superb (also gave great burger and beer recommendations) and prompt. We were out of there by 8:20 pm, without feeling rushed at all.
I dropped by Holsteins Shakes and Buns knowing that their Burgers and Shakes were awfully good.  Friends of mine have been recommending it and the pics on yelp were pretty convincing.. . I came in for a late lunch so they had me sit at the bar.  I'm not a big fan of sitting at the bar to eat so that instantly turned me off when they offered it to me, but the bartender was pretty helpful.. . Based off my friend's recommendation (Jesiree B.), I ordered the Rising Sun Burger (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=lhrHECQNbkdIj7v8ZQEtng)- Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, and Tempura Avocado.  The Burger was cooked really good and all the toppings worked well together.  I loved the Crispy Yams which gave the Burger a nice flavorful crunch.  I thought the Tempura Avocado was a bit much though and didn't exactly go well with the Teriyaki Glaze.  Good burger overall though, it had it's very own distinct look and taste.  And the Skinny Fries that came with it were crispy and seasoned very well.. . The Black Cow Float was incredible and actually became the highlight of my meal (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=ofIHY3pj6hV8YclDldKL-g) - Coca-Cola,  Vanilla Ice Cream, Cherry Vodka, and Chocolate Covered Pop Rocks!  It was a explosion of flavor in my mouth, literally!!  It could be because I'm a little late to the Pop Rocks and Coca-Cola party since it was the first timeI've had the infamous combo.  It worked well though as an Ice Cream Float.  I actually wanted to order another one!. . In an already crowded Gourmet Burger market on the Strip with Burger Bar, KGB, BLT, and Le Burger Brasserie, it's nice to see that Holsteins can easily contend well against them with their own creative spin on Burgers and Shakes.  I will definitely come back again!
After becoming a veteran to Wicked Spoon due to too many trips to Vegas this summer (oops), I decided to try this place instead. . . My roommate and I shared the Rising Sun Burger with a side of fries and I was NOT disappointed. The meat was SO juicy and damn those fries and dipping sauces are yummy. I LOVED the avocado that was slipped into my burger (I might be biased ... I'm such an avocado lover) along with the perfect touch of teriyaki glaze to give it that Asian flare. . . The portions are large enough to share if needed; however the prices are definitely on the high side. The place was crowded and the servers were a little on the slow side. Overall though, this place is definitely a new favorite spot. . . Don't come here to look for cheap burgers, fries, and shakes - this place is definitely gourmet and for the ones who won't mind spending 17 dollars on a burger. BUT, like I said, it's worth a visit. Next time I wanna try the shakes ... since this place IS famous for that. Haha
Ok, lets keep this in perspective.  If you want a great dining experience, this isn't the place.  If you want a big menu to choose from, nope... not here.. . If you want a great burger.... THIS IS THE PLACE!  Yes, it's a bit expensive, but hey, it's Vegas!  I had the Gold Standard, and it was fantastic!  Don't put ketchup on it, eat it just the way it comes out.  It could have used a bit more bacon, but that's knit picking.  It was a great burger, and while expensive, the Samuel Smith Organic Apple Cider is a great way to top it off!
Deeeeelish! But you may feel too bloated, too sluggish, too lardy to be productive. But you'll feel very satisfied you had a yummy meal. (Though, at $76 for lunch, we could have done without a few dishes. More on that later.). . My husband and I went on a Sunday morning at 11:05 after they first opened for the day. We got seated right away at a table near the flat screens to watch the games, but within 10 or 15 minutes, the place was jam packed with diners. . . Here's a rundown of what we ordered: All very well executed, though would have benefitted from a few minor changes. Fun novelty items too. . . 1. Fried Pickles: loved this preparation, because these fried pickles are spears, not chips that fall apart and taste nothing like a pickle. This gives each bite a nice tang. Flavorful sauce condiment and nice touch to have sliced meats on the side. Also came with fried olives ad fried capers...though the capers were kinda dried and tasteless. . . 2. Crispy Pork Belly Bun : Steamed mantou type buns (two mini sized) and two large chunks of crispy pork belly and hoisin. Very, very good,  I've had variations of this dish many times, and this one is nice. Very fatty, very crisp and flavorful. Though. I'd appreciate more cilantro, and some acid to cut through the fat. . . 3. Rising Sun Burger: juicy and hot, slathered in sauce, kimchi and a fried egg...get your napkins! Just get is. That's all I have to say about this one. . . 4. Tenderloin Rossini: pork tend loin sliders with foie gras (sp? I dunk, I dot eat enlarged duck liver...is that right, very often!) was good...but as always with tenderloin, desperately needed some fat. Came with house made chips, but would have preferred fries or rings. . . 5. Cake Lollypop, Nitrogen Merangues, (SP?) Push Pop: Strawberry cheesecake Lollypop was delicious, dipped in white chocolate and had a small strawberry gel disc on top. The nitro meringue (SP?) is bubblegum flavored, and  tiny, but prepared tableside and more for show than anything. Blow smoke for 30 seconds and impress your friends! For $2 it's a fun way to end a meal. The push pop...overrated. Nice novelty, but the sorbet is hard and makes it difficult to eat. Cute concept though. . . Service rocked. Glasses always full, plates cleared as soon as we were finished. Warm environment, creative menu items. Would hit up again...and would try the long list of milkshakes!
Note: 3 vegetarians at the table that endearingly call one another "Heifer". .    This place was great! We tried the artichoke guac, 2 veggie burgers, fries, and two shakes(The monkey one and the mint one). . . The "Guac"- Meh. Pass and try something else.. The veggie burgers- TASTY! Love their buns ;) but the patty was a little soft. Great veggie burger none the less.. Fries- I'm trying the onion rings next time.. Shakes- A.Ma.Zing. So evil.. .     Everything was great, but its definetly a heavy meal. My friend had to go wretch after. Not from it being gross or being poisoned, but because he is a wannabe twink and couldn't handle it. lol. But since I'm a fat ass I heldmy down.
So I checked out this place after reading the menu and seeing a lot of interesting burgers.  Its like a restaurant/bar/lounge.  I ordered the "bull"gogi burger.  It was da bomb!  Perfectly cooked, nice and juicy.  Had that sweet korean bbq taste, kimchee slaw added a very little spicyness and a creamy spicy mayo.  One of the best burgers I've ever had.  For me, I would have liked a stronger korean bbq flavor for the meat and I wish the kimchee would be more spicy and more sour.  But that's me and I think they did a good job of giving you those flavors but not overwhelming you with it.  Served with shoestring fries  and also gave me a side of popcorn to munch on while I was waiting.  I also got a chocolate milkshake which was excellent.  I went to the Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay and I was somewhat disappointed.  This place is everything I had hoped the Burger Bar would be.  I am definitely going to go back and try a different burger.  Highy recommended.
Try the milkshakes. Seriously, if you don't try at least ONE of their milkshakes, you are doing yourself a disservice as a human being. I tried the Hen House burger, with bacon and a fried egg on it and it was very tasty, that's for sure. I loved the thin-cut french fries and could easily have eaten two servings (probably did anyway). SO, then I tried the Campfire Smores milkshake. HOLY CRAP. Then I tried another milkshake at the table, the Cereal Bowl, with Cap N' Crunch and Fruity Pebbles, which wasn't as good as the smores one, but I'm sure I could have downed about 4 of them in a sitting. Did I mention that the milkshakes have BOOZE in them? Ahhhh, yeah...... Anyway, I tried 2 of the specialty bloody Mary martinis; the Spicy one was served with a poached shrimp that was as big as Paul Bunyon's thumb, I swear. But the kicker drink was the Savory bloody Mary martini, with BEEF BRISKET INFUSED VODKA and a skewer that had 3 large chunks of perfectly cooked filet mignon- SO yum. Who thinks this stuff up? Brisket-infused vodka? How the hell would a person even make that? . Try this place out, you won't regret it.
This place is not your typical burger joint.  It's a burger joint infused with the new spirit the Cosmopolitan brings to the strip: Vegas extravagance while keepin it classy.. . The ambiance surely is nice, as you would expect in one of the new city center hotels.  The waiters are friendly and accommodating.  The burgers were delish, though I wouldn't say they were anything beyond what you would expect from a $20 burger kind of place.. . The thing that makes me want to come back are the shakes.  As people have said before, the variety of innovative flavors they have here is phenomenal but can be daunting.  Get everyone in your group to get a different one so you can try out lots of flavors!  I had a s'mores one that was incredible!  Not to mention the presentation of the shakes is a pleasure to the eyes and tastebuds.  The marshmallow garnish I think was a homemade marshmallow and was delicious.  They do have booze in them, but only enough for taste.  They can't really induce or maintain a buzz, so order a drink on the side if needed.. . Is it lame that I wanna take a trip Las Vegas just to get another Holstein's shake?  Well, I'm not ashamed to admit it, so get over it!
I make it a point to try all the fancy burger places that pop up in Vegas.   . . Holsteins is definitely one of the best.   I'd say the burgers are probably better then Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay.  And i'd probably end up frequenting Holsteins more then Burger Bar due to the Cosmo being in a much better location on The Strip.. . I got the Gold Standard which is the sirloin burger with all the trimings.   I knew the burger wasn't going to disappoint after the first bite of the nicely toasted bun.  You cannot believe how many burger places fail to toast the buns correctly.  . . The aged goat cheddar was a little too much though I think.   Halfway into the burger and the taste of the cheese was getting old.  It might have been better with just regular aged cheddar.    I did find that adding some horseradish to the burger was a nice compliment to the goat cheese.. . You'd think a good burger would be easy to make but a lot of places fail.  You want to be able to taste the burger patty, the cheese, the bacon, and whatever else is on the burger both distinctly and as a combination.  A lot of places make their burgers so you can only taste one or two of the ingredients.   Holsteins does a good job of creating a "complete" burger experience  :). . The other main attraction of Holsteins is the alcoholic shakes.  They were ok i guess,  none of the shakes really have much alcohol in them so to me these are basically just regular shakes.
My friends and I were getting ready to head over to Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, but had to stop somewhere to get our grub on before we get our freak on. We walked by Holsteins and decided to pop in for some burgers and fries.. . The ambiance was nice and the DJ was spinning some awesome music. We were quickly seated and the waiter took our order. My sister and I settled on the Hen House (has bacon and a fried egg, bam!) while the others got Korean Bull'Gogi (fried egg and lots of kimchi) and The Rising Sun (teriyaki). The waiter was super patient and helpful with us when we tried to decided and even allowed for us to cut burgers in half to share. If you decide for smaller portions, they even have sliders which is a great option for those who wanna keep it light before dancing.. . The burgers came out with either shoestring or steakcut fries and both were delicious. I think I may have been a fan of the shoestring though as it had a great crisp to it while steakcut had a great potato-y inside. The burgers were cooked exactly how we we wanted (in my case it was medium) and was a big-ass burger. I'm glad I opted to share mine with someone because I wouldn't have been able to finish it on my own. . . I'd definitely come here in the future to eat if I'm headed to the club since it's right across from Holsteins but I gotta go back next time to try their shakes! They looked great, but something about all that milk and alcohol didn't mix for me, so I decided against it this time around. All in all, I much prefer this joint compared to Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay.
Excellent burgers.  Great selection.  Amazing list of milkshakes.  Stop here when you need a break from buffets and heavy dinners.
In a nutshell.. gourmet ingredients and gourmet burgers in a nice hotel.. . It's true that you're paying for ambience, service, etc.  But make no mistake the food is delicious as well.  We had the Philly Cheez Steak Spring Rolls which seems like an odd combination yet was pretty good.  I had the Longhorn burger with shoestring fries, good flavor and portions for both.  It was a bit pricey for burgers, but reasonable for quality ingredients and considering the atmosphere, etc.. . Service was decent, nothing out of the ordinary (either good or bad).  The wait wasn't long (though we were there on a Monday night for dinner).  . . All in all, I'dgo back next time I'm on the strip.
Please don't pay attn to the negative reviews of people comparing this place to a place like in n out. If this is a mediocre burger, please tell me where I can find a real gourmet burger. Holsteins is great. Bottom line. Had a Kobe burger with bacon and cheese, cooked perfectly. Everything was fresh and delicious including their home made ketchup which is the best I've ever had. To the person complaining about the waitress not cutting your burger in half... That is why they give YOU a knife. By the way, it took me all but 3 second to do it myself. The vanilla shake, no alcohol, was unreal. Has little vanilla malt balls I think which add great texture. It's not cheap, and service is hit or miss(which is why 4 out of 5)but none of that matters once you bite into one of these burgers. Like I said earlier, please don't pay attn to the very few who have eatin in n out (a decent burger) and red robin (ok for a chain) there entire life and compare everything to that. There is no comparison.
Must Order:. Lobster Mac & Cheese. Any of the burgers along with skinny fries or sweet potatoes fries . . Tip: Add a fried egg on your burger
Burgers, shakes, and more burgers..... . First being a popcorn lover, you can only imagine my excitement when the waitress dropped off some complimentary cheddar popcorn to start our meal! . . Basically this place is the biz for its gourmet burgers and alcoholic shakes.  I went here twice in one day, that's how much I liked the burgers and shakes.  There's other stuff like truffle lobster mac n cheese and interesting snacks like pizza "twinkies", fried pickles, fried green tomatoes and kalbi beef with kimchee quesadillas.  They also have sliders as well.  I'll def. be back to try these.. . I had the campfire smores shake and a taste of my friend's drunken monkey shake....both sooooo gooooood!  . . Rising sun- juicy meat and I surprisingly liked the combination.  . Korean "bull"gogi- juicy meat, I liked the flavor of this.  If you like bulgogi, you'll love this.. Gold Standard- so I thought this was kinda dry, plus I"m not really into goat cheese so I didn't like it as much.  But my bro loved it.. Burgers were pretty decent in size, I was stuffed after one and the guys were satisfied after theirs.  Burgers also come with a choice of shoestring fries or steak cut fries, both were deelish. . They also have a pretty decent stocked bar and a selection of beer that my fiance enjoyed.. . These gourmet burgers are pricey, 13-17.5 bucks.  Shakes are around 11 bucks.  But it's Vegas and the food was great, so in that case I didn't mind!  I recommend checking this place out if you're in the mood for some tasty burgers and shakes...
Read the menu online and had heard a lot of good things about this spot, so I figured I check it out.  Plus anywhere that offers fried pickles on their menu gets a thumbs up from me.  I ordered the fried pickles, a chocolate shake and a Gold standard burger.  Fried pickles.....meh.  It had great texture, but I was looking for a slightly saltier finish.  The herb-caper mayo was really good though.  The chocolate shake, although a bit expensive, was good.  The Valrhona pearls were a nice textural touch.  And now to the gold standard burger.  I loved the texture of the bun and my burger was cooked perfectly.  The arugula was great balance to the sweetness of the tomato confit.  The flavor of the beef really stood out.  The shoe string fries were very good too with great crunch.  Very well executed burger.....expensive......but good
My friend had gotten kicked out of Marquee night club, so I had walked her down to the entrance, consoling her as we stumbled down the stairs. We came across Holsteins, and I decided it was probably best if I had gotten some food/water in her stat.. . Sat down on one of their plush chairs, and though it was close to closing, the waitress kindly served us our fries and water.. . Can't say much about their food (Though the fries and dipping sauce were delicious) but the service was impeccable. I'll definitely have to come back to try more items on their menu at an earlier point during the day and a less inebriated state.
Been to Holsteins about 4 times now, and the Rising Sun burger is my fave burger so far; tasty, crispy, slightly salty, and overall yummie! The Gold Standard burger had too much going on, and it fell apart after a couple bites. And the Korean 'Bull'gogi, with kimchee slaw, actually tasted sweet instead of spicy that kimchee is suppose to be. As far as the spiked shakes, I had the Frozen Grasshopper which was sweet and not very 'spiked.' And the service is quick, and the atmosphere is loud and bar-like.
We (6 people, all sharing) had the Steak House Burger with steak-cut fries and the Rising Sun with shoe-string fries, calamari, thick cut onion rings, Lobster bisque sliders, coke, arnold palmer, and a drink that starts with a "b" that I can't remember right now... but it tasted like beer and apple cider. The bill (comes with gratuity for 6 people) with a little extra was $114.. . Good:. + Food: Everything was tasty, juicy, flavorful, delicious. Everything looked beautiful as well, and the table comes with (instead of a basket of bread) a bucket of bbq popcorn. How fun! It was a great non-filling munching snack too (because you'll definitely want to save room for the delicious food).. + Atmosphere: Very energetic, fun, a little colorful with a life-size hot pink cow statue... and very warm.  A good place to come with a group of people.. + Service: Our server, Chaz, was super nice and shared a great story of how he was carded even though he's a super-tall guy.  He was quick, friendly, and very attentive.  Also, other servers we didn't know came by and picked up the empty plates fairly quickly.. . Bad:. - Price: I would come here to try it once, which I did and I am glad I got to taste such a high-end delicious burger! But, really, a $16-$20 burger is craziness. Worth trying, once or twice! But craziness.  This is not a place for the kids (unless you're ready to spend more) because they probably won't even appreciate the high-quality burgers--I was a kid once, and honestly, a burger's a burger when I was little!! (And if you're not willing to spend a bit more at this joint, they'll probably go hungry.). . . Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here, and I'd come back if I felt like splurging.
Didsomeone say fancy hamburgers and alcoholic milkshakes?  This is the definitive upscale Vegas burger joint with a pricey menu and coffee table dining arrangements.  Sure you could go across the street and stuff your face for 1/10 of the price at Fatburger, but you wouldn't feel sexy like you do here.. . From the high class cheddar popcorn served in a stainless steel bucket to the wildly over priced beers on tap, you can rest assured you're dining on the Vegas Strip when you pay the check.. . Everything we ordered was on a level above.  From the perfectly cooked thick cut bacon to the freshest avocado that tasted like it came straight from your mother's garden.  Just reading the menu will have your mouth salivating and anyone who loves food will appreciate the interesting and creative combinations displayed in their menu.. . It was a tough decision but I went forth with the Gold Standard.  How could I pass up an awesome dry aged beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli?  Oh man, my mouth is salivating just thinking about it!. . The French fries were fresh and the attention to detail was impressive.  Our food arrived in perfect photogenic state and we didn't hesitate to flash a few photos of those beautiful burgers to honor the day.  Taking time to masticate our fine fare and truly savoring our meals only added to the experience.  A few beers later our very attentive wait staff had us mulling over the dessert menu.  Any other meal with a lesser burger and dessert victory would have been mine.  However, this burger deserved to be tasted the rest of the night.. . Here's to expensive burgers!  Cheers!
The colorful graffiti art is a little in-your-face & is so trendy, it'll be out of style by the time I post this review, but it fits just right into The Cosmopolitan. . . Glamourous-sounding burgers, shakes with a shot of alkie (because last night's bender was not enough) & fashionable items like pork belly & lobster rolls...it's so been there, done that. The menu is so unapologetically predictable but I can't say I'm disappointed. . . Our meal before flying home consisted of:. -- 'bam-boozled shake' brown cow ($11): whipped cream vodka, root beer, vanilla ice cream & pop rocks. Reason for 4-star rating.. -- black & white shake ($8): comes with an extra tumbler. Yummy! . -- fried chicken fingers & waffles ($11): horrid! I've had better at Denny's. Everyone's got their version of this comfort-food fave, but please do it right. . -- 'tiny buns' Maine lobster roll ($16.50 for 2): the chive aioli overpowered the dish. Loved the cute, tiny hot dog buns. . -- 'tiny buns' pork belly bun ($9 for 2): I wanted to try, but after bf showed me the sheer amount of fat, I couldn't do it. Yes, animal fat scares me. (sidenote: BF prefers chairman bao.) . . Four stars because I love the idea of 'tiny buns,' & because I want to try every single alcoholic shake on the menu. Like I said, predictably trendy, but it's got me interested.
Great burger joint that has excellent burgers and shakes.   Had the gold standard burger and it was fantastic.  One of the best restaurants in the hotel
I got a salad. *Slaps forehead* . . Tasted hubby's burger it was phenomenal. . Next time I'm getting a burger.
Yum!! I loved the menu at this place. The cosmopolitan was interesting! We had menu items like pizza twinkies, chicken and waffles, and a burger with fried avocados and sweet potato onion straws. They also had blue moon seasonal available as well as a variety of other interesting microbrews. Very little wait to accomodate a group of 5 on a Friday night. My only complaint was for a casino/restaurant in vegas, they had tiny bathrooms with only 1 toilet.  Lots of people are drunk and drinking in vegas and I wouldnt want to have to wait in line to go to the bathroom, although I am sure there are others close by. Oh and we were not allowed to take our drinks in that we ordered at the chandelier bar across the hall while we waited. We had to suck them down quickly in order to be seated.
----------LUNCH ONLY---------. . Great burger & shake place that really leaves you feeling super full (great if you're about to hit the pool and show off that big belly that this place will leave you with). . . For the shakes, we ordered the black cow and oreo. Both delicious, both can leave you super full just because it's full of heavy goodness. Also ordered the California Turkey chock full of sprouts, tomato, avocado, pepperjack cheese, etc. DELICIOUS. Seriously, who knew a place could really do a burger well?
I am debating between giving this place a 3 or a 4 star, but I am feeling generous given the outstanding service we received. . . The food is just ok. I guess I was expecting an amazing hamburger and it was just very regular. I didn't enjoy the bun at all and felt the toppings were a bit lacking. I ordered the "Bull-gogi Burger" and was expecting a flavor explosion, but it just wasn't. Just a little blander than I was expecting. Still a pretty tasty burger cooked well, but nothing I'm dying to go back and try again. My black cow alcoholic float was pretty good, but honestly I think I would have preferred it without alcohol. The fries were so-so. I got the steak fries, but they were really more like wedges and I wasn't really a fan of the seasoning. I tried my fella's skinny fries and preferred them. . . It was my friend Ryan B's birthday, so we received a free round of jell-o shots and a plethora of outrageous desserts that none of us had room to eat. I tried the carrot cake and the funnel cake and they left a lot to be desired. They just didn't pack the punch I had been hoping. There were interesting, but if you're going to be interesting at least try to make them tasty. The carrot cake was shaped like a carrot and was a super cute concept albeit somewhat phallic. It was paired with carrot ice cream, but I really wasn't feeling it. The funnel cakes were topped with ground up cereal, but I would have preferred a fruit or creamy topping.. . All in all, the service was amazing. Our servers were friendly and very helpful. That alone raised their star-rating. As for the food, it's pretty standard. The burger was pretty good, maybe if I tried different toppings, it would be better.
Right across from marquee, holsteins is one of the best burger places I've ever visited.  I had the hen house with a side of sweet potato fries.  Both dishes were amazing.  I've heard the milkshakes are amazing as well and will look to try it on my next visit.
Stopped in Holsteins for lunch today - there was about a 30min wait around 2P but I snagged a spot at the bar and ordered there. The Gold Standard burger was delicious! The sweet potato fries were sweet potato fries. The bartender suggested I try a banana bread beer, which I opted in on without considering the price - $14 NOT worth it at all, didn't notice the price until I got the bill at the end. I'd rather have a nice glass of wine. Next time, I know to ask before just agreeing. Seriously, that beer was almost as much as my $17.5 burger. Service was good, food came out quick. This was my second time here and I'd definitely return. Good stuff!
Burgers are played out.. . There, I said it...  It seems like no matter what major city you are in, there's some strong competition on who has the best burger.  It isn't as if we see the same thing with who has the best beshbarmak (go ahead and look it up, edu-ma-cate yourselves), right?. . But with that said, I must admit, I'm a bit of a burger fiend.  I do love me a good burger.  Always medium rare, and I also tend to look for interesting topping combinations to see how creative the kitchen is.. . This is where I've been going wrong all this time.. . You see, something needs to be said and credit needs to be given to the places that honor the burger for what it is SUPPOSED to be.  A patty made of ground beef served between two slices of bread, usually in bun form.  Toppings are typically added to compliment the meat and bread combination.  That's it.. . It is with that in mind that I have to say Holstein's does apretty mean burger.. . Their meat is spectacular.  Maybe the best beef patty out there.  Assuming they use their namesake breed, I can tell you that the beef is very flavorful, and yet holds up in its patty form without being too greasy.. . We split two orders with the notion of being able to taste a couple of their burgers.  Both were quite nice, and had pretty simple toppings.  The bun is notable since it has a lovely glaze on it and holds up well to all the juices that come off the patty and toppings.  The meat, as noted before, is the star.  Toppings, at least in our case, were more like condiments that complimented the beef rather than over powering the flavors.. . In a way, very simple, but done correctly.. . It also needs to be said that the Frozen Grasshopper is amazing.  Imagine a Shamrock Shake with booze in it, except it still just tastes like a better version of the Shamrock Shake.  Got it?  Yep- it's really good.... . Beer selection is a'ight.  Prices are a bit steep compared to many "gourmet" burger joints, but PLEASE REMEMBER where the hell you are.  Does ANYTHING come at a "reasonable" price on the Strip?  When you consider that fact, I'd say Holstein's actually is a very reasonable place to grab a meal.
Mmmmm! I went to Holsteins on a birthday trip to Vegas last weekend based on yelp reviews. As a vegetarian (I eat some fish) I had studied the menu ahead of time to make sure there was enough food for me to eat. I was beyond excited to try the birthday shake and was not disappointed one bit, it was the perfect shake/cake combo! WOW! My friends tried the peppermint and chocolate banana shakes also and they were all fantastic. I'm not sure there is much booze actually in them but I really wanted it more for the shake factor!. . We ordered some appetizers, I had both the lobster truffle mac and cheese and the calamari, both were excellent. The mac and cheese was amazing, I could have easily ordered that for dinner and been satisfied. . . After the appetizers I should have called it quits (I was full enough and extremely satisfied) but I decided to order the vegan burger and shoestring fries, the vegan burger was good, piles of avocado on top which I love but the patty wasn't anything special. I've had better vegan patties.....the avocado though was AWESOME. The fries were cooked perfectly also. . . My boyfriend and mom both had the surf n turf sliders, I did not try these but both of them said they are well worth the price tag...... . Overall the prices were decent for Vegas, not too expensive and definitely enough food to fill us up for dinner. I definitely recommend the restaurant!!
My favorite restaurant at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.. . Best bang for your buck!  Gourmet burgers, malt shakes (with alcohol), a great selection of beer and fairly reasonable prices especially since you're in one of the bougiest hotels in the city. . In the 5-6 times I've been here, I've had the hen house burger, rising sun, and steakhouse burger. All are great...make sure you add a fried egg and mushrooms.. . Careful with the Shakes however, very filling if you get a shake and a burger.  I almost exploded from over eating here. . Service may be a bit slow, but that's because this place is almost always packed.
I'd love to appoint 5 stars -- but the service was definitely lacking. . . Situated inside the Cosmo, right across from the Chandelier bar, Holstein's is super modern, bright and spacious.  We put our name in and were told it'd be a 20-30 minute wait. They take your phone number so they can call to tell you -- only I had HORRIBLE reception inside the Cosmo, so I missed the call and returned to the front desk about 10 minutes after they called.  We were seated immediately, which was great.  While perusing the menu, some bacon/cheddar infused popcorn came out in a little metal pail, courtesy of the chef.  . . There were so many burgers to choose from. We chose the big fat Greek burger and the surf and turf mini-burgers.  Thankfully, we had decided to share because the Greek burger was THE best burger I think I may have ever eaten.  I'm drooling a little bit just thinking about it. Lamb, tatziki, red onion, feta cream... bursting with flavor.  The surf and turf mini-burgers were just meh even with the bearnaise sace. . . Now, the most shocking part of the menu wasn't their amazing beer selections or even the bamboozled milkshakes -- but that their "fat" fries (asI call them) were GOOD. If you follow me on here at all, you know that I have a strong aversion to anything but shoestring fries for the fry/flavor ratio.  These were perfectly seasoned; I definitely snuck more than a couple from my friends plate. hehe. . Based on the service we received -- I'd suggest not being in a rush to get anywhere or in the mood to order something additional. The girls sitting next to us waited for easy 20 minutes before the server came over to give them their bill after asking for it and then there was a discrepancy.  Only after another 15, they didn't want to wait anymore to deal with it and just called it a loss.  When it came time for us to order another drink, our server was no where to be found.  It was almost a joke. . . So why would I go here again?  That Greek burger. Seriously - amazing. I'm pretty sure the Korean burger would've been really good too, so I'll go back for the food knowing service is going to be slow.
I've eaten here a few times, and I think it's a great lunch spot, especially if you're staying in the Cosmopolitan. . . I've tried a few of their burgers, but the Rising Sun is by far the best. They also have an amazing selection of beers (both on tap and in the bottle). Service has always been great as well. . . I would recommend making reservations if you can. It can get busy around lunch time.
FOOD:  . . They start you off with some flavored popcorn as a free appetizer.. . Campfire Smores Shake (virgin):  A little on the sweet side, but what did I expect ordering smores? I wish they included more than one toasted marshmallow.. . Crispy Pork Belly Bun:  The pork belly was a bit too dry. It didn't taste very authentic, so this was probably my least favorite dish.. . The Rising Sun Hamburger:  After looking through yelp reviews, most people recommended the rising sun hamburger, so we ordered it and it was by far the best hamburger. Very juicy and the flavors are just right.. . Gold Standard Burger:  Not the best hamburger I've ever had, but it was satisfactory. Tomato confit, aged goat cheese, smoked bacon, Garlic Chive Aoili, arugula...you would think it was the best hamburger ever created, but it was just okay. . . . apple Pie A La Mode:  So interesting! They come in these dumpling shapes and you squeeze the frosting out of toothpaste looking containers! Comes with vanilla and ginger. YOu should order it!
Burgers are probably one of my favorite foods in the whole wide world. I mean....bread, meat, cheese, and stuff - nothing better than that.. I crave them on a regular basis.. At least 4 times a day.. . So while in Vegas, I looked for burgers. And my research was made pretty easy because they are EVERYWHERE. Food trucks, chains, gourmet (hello Hubert!)...you name it. And then I stumbled upon Holsteins reviews, and I read a couple of magic words: spiked shakes.. I was sold.. . Turns out, that was a pretty good choice. Holsteins actually uses the tender meat of its namesake breed of cow/beef and the result is a juicy, flavorful patty of deliciousness.. ******Nerdy time: Did you know?**********. . 1. Holsteins are little Dutch princesses. Read: The Netherlands are their country of origin. I hear that their mooing is quite harsh to the ears, and they love eating tulips and gouda, but not always together.. . 2. They are the highest milk producers in the world. Hence the MILK shakes, duh. They are the lovely black and white "meu-meu" of my childhood, and I love 'em.. . 3. One of them - Pauline Wayne if you please - was the official pet of President Taft and was allowed to graze on the White House lawn, the lucky bitch.. . ********End of Nerdy TIme***************. . The sad thing? They are only in Vegas.. The good thing? Since you are reading these reviews on Yelp, you are most likely in Vegas and can enjoy without gilt.. Hurray!. . We shared the Gold Standard with dry aged sirloin, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby aregula and garlic-chive aioli (at a whooping $17.40), and the Steakhouse Burger, a patty crusted with black pepper, Holsteins own creamy steak sauce, marmelade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms and Swiss cheese. . And people, that was pretty close to perfection. Great combination of flavors, a medium rare meat at its best, crispy fries and a Grasshopper milk shake.....aahhhhh..... Leave your calorie counter at home, in the hotel room or in your pocket. Just enjoy.
Finally found a legit burger place in Las Vegas.. . This past weekend was a early birfday celebratory weekend for my 23rd. For lunch, I decided to try out Holsteins, which is located right outside Marquee of Cosmopolitan.  . . The restaurant atmosphere and decor was wonderful. There is a bar area. Lounge area with big chairs and couches. Inside were tables and booths.. . Food: . All the burgers looked good. I ordered the Rising Sun. Fried avocado, a south Asian sesame dressing with julienne carrots, spicy mayo, burger cooked medium. Comes with steak wedges or shoestring fries but instead, $2 for sweet potato. The burger was great! Perfect portion, and fried avocado did it for me. . . Service:. Services could have been better with more attention on guests, quicker refill on water, and corrected orders. My friend's burger was cooked too well however, the server took it back and brought over a new one.  . . Overall, I loved the atmosphere. I loved the food. AND I loved the company. The price is a little pricey though. 15+
Nom Nom Burger: delicious. Potato chips on a burger. It was such a guilty pleasure.. . I also had an Oreo alcoholic shake with Bailey's, but didn't feel ANY alcohol in it...
Buffalo chicken dip is great. Burgers are great and really fresh vegetables. The steak fries are better than the shoe string fries. The two of us spent about $60 for an app two burgers and a beer each.
didn't plan on eating here but didn't do me any wrong after deciding to eat their delicious burger and yummy fries. . . they have one of the best burger in the strip and its absolutely one of the best burger ever since my boyfriend finished it all. shoe string fries were yummy like no other. their ho ho dessert, presentation is pretty and the taste divine. all and all place is an a+. . . may i add, instead of giving you bread...they give popcorn. something new is always grrreat :). . would come back here!
Located pretty conveniently inside the Cosmo. . . We had about a 20 minute wait, which is bearable. You can get some gambling at the casino downstairs, just remember to not lose your life savings. . . The Rising Sun burger with the Kobe beef is tremendous. It is juicy and flavorful. My only knock on it is I wish it had something sweet to go along with it like a tomato. The avocado adds a nice touch to it though.  The fries were good but nothing exceptional. Definitely come here for the burgers. I didn't get a shake but I assume it's good if it's in the name. . . Would definitely come back if in Vegas. . . P.S. Add a fried egg. Makes everything better.
Yum! Nice lunch location. Great fries! I had the California burger and its was delish.
Delish! Our fave spot for a burger on the strip used to be BLT burger at the Mirage. But after some hype about Holsteins from some friends we decided to give it a try when we were in Vegas. Fabulous spiked shakes and burgers! We have a new fave! The Kobe beef was amazing on both of our burgers... We had the NomNom and Korean Bullgogi and would recommend both! for shakes we did the drunken monkey and grasshopper which I would also recommend! I would probably give it 5 stars but I typically only give a 5 when a place exceeds my expectations!
The best fried pickles we've found!! They come with some fried olives and capers too. The Greek Burger with lamb and fetta is to die for as well as the little brat's with the best unground mustard I've ever had. Exellent selection of beers too!!
We dropped into this Las Vegas hot spot prior to going to a show to grab a quick bite and catch up on the sports news for the day.  For the latter you'll need to sit at the bar which is exactly what we did.  Their beer and wine list is extensive as are the number of tap options at the bar.  I went for a bottled brew instead selecting one of my favorite tangerine ales instead of trying something new.. . Their menu features appetizers, tiny buns which come two per order, big buns and milkshakes galore including a long list of boozed-up ones.  I was feeling a bit shaky, but my short supply of lactose intolerance tablets on myself made me put aside that idea of having the shakes for the night.  I stuck with my Lost Coast ale.. . Pork belly buns, mini lobster rolls and tiny Chicago dogs seemed like popular picks in the Tiny Buns section, but I wanted something more substantial so I picked out the Korean "Bull"Gogi burger from the Big Buns section.  This was a burger glazed in a sweet soy sauce, topped with kimchee slaw, slathered with chili mayo and topped off with a fried egg.  The burgers come with seasoned skinny fries or steak fries.. . Their kitchen works fast here as a short wait later we were already chowing down.  My burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=fBXXyjMoAlX3NvotKQLd-A) sat in a pool of glaze and it appeared the yolk on my fried egg was runny.  For a split second I considered picking up the knife and fork, but who doesn't eat with their hands while sitting at the bar?  On my first bite the yolk burst out of its egg white home and coated my face and fingers in hot yolky heaven.  There was no turning back at that point; I was going to finish this burger using my hands even if the entire thing fell apart.  It didn't by the way as the soft bun was one of the sturdiest I've ever held in my hand even soaked in with burger juices, sweet glaze and egg yolk.. . The burger itself I'm thinking maybe a half pound of quality beef was cooked to a perfect medium and bursting with juice.  Considering how many ingredients were added to this burger the beef really stood out as that was the main component I kept tasting.  The kimchee slaw was nice and crunchy, but the chili mayo really provided no kick to the overall flavor of the burger.. . My seasoned steak fries while generous in portion size were a bit too salty for me.  I loved my burger though just as my friends loved their mini pork belly buns and mini hot dogs.
My bff and I recently stayed at the Cosmo and visited Holsteins twice. Here's how it went for us:. . Day one - Bff had just finished running the Las Vegas Rock 'n' Roll Marathon, so we were in no mood to be messing around. Vegas was crazy-crowded, and we had no reservations, so we expected to wait quite some time. I was pleasantly surprised when our beeper went off after only 15 minutes.  I started with an Absolut dirty martini (the best way to judge a decent bar), and it was very good!    Then I ordered The Classic with blue cheese, and had no idea what type of fries to order. I panicked and went with steakcut.  The burger was excellent; big, thick and juicy, with a bun that was just the right size and a good amount of cheese. The fries were good, but nothing spectacular.. . Day two - Bff and I both had some things on the menu that we wanted to try, so back we went.  Absolut dirty martini? Yes, and though it was a different bartender, it was again excellent. This time we were prepared for an appetizer, and agreed on the pizza twinkies out of sheer curiosity (and a mutual lifelong love of pizza).  They were a revelation; crispy bread surrounding melty cheese with a delicious tomato relish-type dip.  Truly great.  Then we both ordered a burger. I can't remember the name, but it was a thick burger between a layer of kettle chips and thousand island dressing. It was awesome. We ordered the shoestring fries and were again underwhelmed, so we ordered a side of onion rings. THOSE. WERE. EXCELLENT.. . To summarize, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the vicinity. The only thing keeping me from awarding it 5 stars is that I found the service to be rather slow and indifferent. On both nights it took them quite awhile to check in with us once we were seated, and even longer to make sure we were ok once we had our food.
I stopped in here with a friend while in Las Vegas in early December. We actually tried to go to the Wicked Spoon buffet, but it had just shut down to flip over to dinner, so we wound up at Holsteins, starving to death!. . I had the steak salad, which is interesting due to it being made with radicchio lettuce, which is a little bit more sour than you would normally expect to see. . . The service was pretty fast and the waitress was extraordinarily accommodating regarding my order for quadruple steak on my salad.  . . The environment is a little noisy but not in a bad way. It's just busy and that's kind of the vibe of the place, very upbeat. Having been in enough spots in casinos that are like crypts, this was a welcome change. . . It's a little pricey but that's Vegas for you...the quality is high enough that you shouldn't be concerned about it.. . Honestly I wish now that I had had the fully monty, ordering up a shake and a hamburger. I'll definitely be back here again. And this time I'm ordering a burger!
I loved the burger here.  Yeah, it's a little pricey for a burger but it's on the strip.  With that in mind it is definitely a good place to grab a burger.  I had the burger with chips on it because, who doesn't want chips on a burger?  The fries were great and I'm glad there are multiple choices.  This place has tons of beers, both on tap and in bottles, which is a plus.  I like choices.  We went here with about 8 other people and not one of them had anything bad to say about their burger.
"Gourmet" burger joints are a dime a dozen down on the Vegas strip. What makes Holsteins stand out are the milkshakes. They have your average flavors to chose from, but they also have many adult, cocktail inspired milkshakes. What makes a mint chocolate chip milkshake stand out? Add some peppermint schnapps! . . I had a regular burger, and it was tasty as well. The decor was a nice and open area and the service was what you would expect. I would recommend this place for a nice, quick friend putting anytime!
Whenever we go to the Cosmopolitan we try to stop in at Holsteins. The food is playful, but not ridiculously out there. We particularly enjoy trying the various "Tiny Buns" like the Crispy Pork Belly Buns and the Toscana. In fact, We've come to the point where we usually end up ordering one or two snacks, and two orders of mini-buns, a few beer and that's dinner! . . I find their prices reasonable and our dinner for two with several beer generally comes in at about 75-80$. . The ambiance at Holsteins is very casual and the bar fills up quite quickly come 7pm, before that, you can usually find a spot. The only time I really am not fond of Holsteins is when there is a sports game on and they charge a minimum for the seating in front of the bar. We are a couple and there is just no way we would consume 200$ worth of beer and food, and we're not big sports people.. . . . We've always received attentive service, good food and quality beer recommendations!
Hit the spot for our first night in Vegas perfectly.  We were looking for good food but nothing too formal as we were still settling in and had a show to go to that night.  I was having trouble striking the bargain between box chain restaurant and a fancy steakhouse and this fit just right.   Wonderfully good burgers.  I had the gold standard which was juicy tender and tasty. Memory has it around 17 dollars and I think was the most expensive one on the menu.  Also had a drunken monkey shake that I heartily recommend.
I have been really digging the burger movement that has been sweeping the nation.  Its almost as America is beginning to rediscover their love of the good ole American hamburger.  Of course, the general public is pretty much sick of the standard beef patty, lettuce, onion, cheese, and mayo on a bun.  . . That's why Holsteins is so much fun.  There is a plethora of tasty toppings, meats and styles that you can add onto your burger to give it that funky kick that is missing from burgers you get at home.  Offerings such as the Crispy Pork Belly Bun, Maine Lobster Roll, Tenderloin Rossini, and Maine Lobster Roll tantalize the taste buds.  I would recommend the Crispy Pork Belly Bun.  Its like eating bacon on crack. . . If you are at the Cosmopolitan and hungry it is def worth a stroll.
My gf and I were ready to dance., The crowd trying to enter Marquee was ridiculous.  We entered Holsteins for a quick drink and ended up staying there the whole nite!!! The music was great, our bartender (Marcell) talented.  My mojitos were delicious and well prepared.  My last nite in Vegas was very well spent. Great music, delicious drinks, awesome crowd.  Will def need to eat there next time!! Till next year =)
My Yelp friend Vi Y. recommended the Watermelon Bubblegum Icee - and I'm glad I listened!  It felt like that time when I needed to look over my shoulder before my dad or mom caught me spiking my drink!  It was such a fun drink with a great grown-up vodka twist - so sweet and refreshing, and definitely made me a happy girl.  Their other bamboozled shakes are just as intriguing and fun - how could you not want to try a grown up root beer float like a Brown Cow (Root Beer, Vanilla Ice Cream, Pop Rocks and Meyer's rum)?. . As for the food we love to nosh on the small plates here.  There is a maply-sweetness to the batter in the Southern Fried Chicken Fingers-N-Waffles and comes with a small and cute waffle.  The buttermilk sauce definitely doesn't come from a bottle. Some might think this is a small serving but I think it's just right as I get to indulge on something like this without the 2000 calories a full order would have, and still have room to try other menu notables like:. . Lobster/Truffled Mac and Cheese. Crispy Pork Belly buns. Shoe string fries. Sweet Potato fries. Korean "Bull"gogi burger  (soy marinated burger with fried egg, kimchee slaw). . The huzbeau and I have come here with just the two of us and another time with a party of four, and wait was minimal with no reservations.  But its always advisable to call if you plan on coming here during busy times like before a show (like a lot of people do)!. . Service was attentive and its a great, casual atmosphere.  The graffiti artwork on the walls is amazing and very classy-urbanesque.  A great stop to make if you're in town - located right behind the beautiful Chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan.
Went here for dinner before hanging out at The Chandelier.  Was hesitant of a burger place (originating from Texas and all), but was pleasantly surprised.  Had the rising sun burger.  Kobe beef with tempura avocado, and I think some teriyaki sauce.  It was great. Not the best burger I've had, but I would definitely eat here again.
Loved it! . . I looooved their inventive, playful milkshakes! Though I was tempted by the more adventurous concoctions... I'm a simple girl at heart and ended up ordering their version of a rootbeer float. It was taaaasty and the pop rocks sprinkled on top were a fun reminder of the simpler times. And, most importantly, I confirmed that if you drink soda and have pop rocks your stomach will not explode.. . The burgers are a-okay. Premium, restaurant burgers that are good and some pretty interesting combos. But, in the end, they were just okay. I actually went with the veggie patty. It was pretty tasty. Made in the kitchen, not some boca burger slapped on a bun. But, still... it was just alright. . . OH. And... TRUFFLE LOBSTER MAC & CHEESE. Yum. We actually asked them to leave the plate with the leftover sauce and... um... used our fries to soak up the bechemal and truffle. SO good.. . 5 star milkshakes. 4.5 star mac & cheese. 4 star service and atmosphere. 3 star burgers. = solid 4 overall!
High end burgers no doubt. Most cost around $15. But I have to admit, they were very good and cooked perfectly.
This place would warrant 5 stars if it weren't so expensive.. . It's a very typical gourmet burger place.  The burgers are fantastic and there are a lot of unique combinations that work very well.  . . We ordered the "gold standard" and the "rising sun."  At $17.50 and $16.50 respectively, these were not inexpensive burgers.  The gold standard features dry aged beef with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli; very very tasty.  The rising sun features kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, cirspy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado.  I don't think the kobe added anything flavor wise and unfortunately, probably just adds to the cost of the burger.  The tempura avocado however was amazing.  The batter formed a crisp shell and the avocado inside was nice and creamy.  Om nom nom nom.. . Are the burgers great?  Yes!  If you think of it as $20+ dinner at the Cosmo, it's not too bad of a deal at all.  Thinking of it as a $20 burger ruins the appetite.
It's hard for me to really like a burger but this place has very good burgers! I got the simple cheeseburger and just added avocados and fries ( their thin fries are very good) and I was very satisfied. I can't say it's the best burger I've ever had but definitely in the top! .    The manager was also very nice! The waitress had made a mistake with our order ( we were a large group) and he personally came over to apologize and get our order straight. Next time i'm in vegas and craving burgers i'll definitely stop by!
I've dined here twice. And both times were dy no mite!. . I've had the Gold Standard burger and the steakhouse.. . I wasn't too crazy about the gold standard, the goat cheese really took away from the flavor of the meat.  which was a pitty because everything else blended so well.. . The steakhouse was off the charts.  I wish I had a more sophisticated lexicon to describe the party in my mouth.. . I've also had the oreo shake.  It's pretty filling and will ruin your night of drinking so beware.  but if you just want to taste something awesome and don't plan on wasting brain cells at a local drinkery... then by all means have a shake!  They are freakin dee lish.  And just enough alcohol to know this drink is naughty.. . I like that they serve popcorn pre meal.  it gives ya somethin to gnosh while you wait to feast your face.. . The service does lack ambition. The decor is is pretty stunning but then again the whole darn cosmo hotel is a visual buffet of art and splendor.  This is a great place to hang with the guys and get a few drinks while you eat and scope out gorgeous females.. . I like this place. And I hope to return soon.
If you've been complaining about a lack of good beer in Las Vegas, here's your answer. 24 taps and, unlike Todd English's PUB, they actually *have* the beer they advertise. Milkshakes are to die for. Burgers are respectable, fries are good, prices are reasaonable and the service was outstanding, including offering to bring me a taste of a beer. Good job of  a comfortable place with a plain but not boring menu.
I didn't eat here, so I can't speak to the food, but the service was great, and they had a TON of beers.  Price was right in line with Vegas (fucking ridiculous), so you can't really bash it on price.
Lobster Mac & chz...and a damn great burger (several varieties, kids)....get it while it's hot. Fantastic!   Downer = trendy right now, so VERY crowded.
Amazing Oreo Shake!!!  . I've gone out of my to come and try their Shakes!!!. . First time I went, excellent attention at the bar.  He helped me pick which shake was the best and I was very happy.. . Second time didn't go so well.  It was Super Bowl Sunday.  The bar had been 'reserved' for a BIG party, but they took us anyway.  Think it'd be like last time I asked the server at the bar which shake was her favorite and she didn't know.... I asked her which is more popular; the grasshopper shake or the banana monkey one (names might not be right) and she told me their both completely different..... so I just stuck with what I knew was best.... the Oreo shake..... I hope next time I go I will just go with my gut and get what sounds best.
came here with 9 friends around 12pm starving after a long night of partying the night before. At first they said there was a long wait but we were patient and only waited  10 min and they sat us.. . Servers were very friendly and service was good. I started out with a bloody marry which was ok. needed a little more hot sauce. I shared the "Rising Sun" with my girlfriend, meat was tender and juicy. It had a good flavor and the bun was tasty as well. I loved the avocado inside; gave it a nice smooth taste with it. . . The Thing that gave this place 4 stars is the peanut butter shake; I believe the Chocolate Monkey ( I might be wrong). It had chocolate and peanut butter with some baileys Irish cream. If you were to give this shake to a child they wouldn't taste the alcohol. lol. Its so smooth. Enjoyed this place very much.
If you're a vegan/vegetarian or would just like a healthier option then try the Urth Burger! Amazing. . . My friend ordered a virgin Capt N Crunch shake with Oreos on the side but they added the Oreos to the shake instead. Interesting yet still tasty concoction. Hence four out of five stars.
Well I LOVE this hotel (Cosmopolitan) so I researched restaurants to pick one for lunch. All I needed to see was "Bamboozled shakes" with alcohol and my decision was easy!!! Went with the "Drunkin monkey" because it had my FAV frangelico!! I'm sure it has about 1000 calories, but hey... You know what they say, "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas"... So let's hope that includes calories too!!! I also had the "machete" burger. Chili peppers, garlic sauce, YUM!! Then all the usual choices for side items like onion rings, sweet potatoe fries or regular fries. It was all amazing so now I need to go back to try one of everything else on the menu! I especially liked that they had so many other options other than burgers! Turkey, chicken, salmon and lamb!! Something for everyone!!
I've walked past this place during my previous Vegas trips but never ate here because we somehow always end up getting food somewhere quick or at Earl's... But anyway. I bookmarked this place before my last Vegas trip because I'm a huge sucker for gourmet burgers and I really wanted to try this place. The opportunity finally came, so I came here for dinner.. . Not everyone in our group wanted burgers, so we got our food to go. You order and wait at the bar for to-go orders. After much contemplation, I decided to go with The Rising Sun (with shoestring fries) because there were a lot of good reviews for it and it was a unique combination of ingredients for a burger. Well, it was a good choice! It certainly was a unique combo of flavors, and it worked. I don't usually go for the Asian-themed item in a menu, but being a burger, it ended up being a good fusion item. The fries were alright. Not the best I've had.. . I would definitely come here again to try another one of their many unique offerings.
Food : Great. Service : ok. Shakes: Good
While the rest of our friends were getting ready to go clubbing later that night, a couple of my buddies and I decided to grab some burgers before going bar hopping around Fremont Street.  I originally wanted to check out Holstein's after seeing them on our last Vegas trip, but there wasn't an opportunity to go since we had already planned out the rest of our meals.  After I read Yelp friend Cat C.'s review though, I told my friends it was a must for our next trip!. . Although some Yelpers have complained about how long the wait was for a table, we didn't run into the same problem.  Luck must have been on our side because not only did it take just a few minutes until we were seated, but we also got a server (Jennifer?) who was both awesome and way cute.  Double win!  A bunch of the burgers on the menu sounded pretty appealing (especially The Rising Sun, The Steakhouse, and Korean "Bull"gogi), but somehow the three of us managed to order the exact same thing - the Gold Standard (Dry Aged Beef Sirloin with Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula, and Garlic Chive Aioli) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=vErdAOwPAfm6PP_uFDmjEQ).. . The patty was cooked perfectly - just a touch of pink on the inside, juicy, and a light char on the outside.  Adding in the smoked bacon just made it that much better (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=t6cDviH3qCnh95L9pnFaVA).  While all of the condiments worked really well together, I have to admit all that aged goat cheddar got to be a bit much.  Not bad for the first half of the burger, but I was reminded during the last half why I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese.  We all agreed though that the biggest knock was the bun - a bit dry and pretty plain.  Just making it smaller and less airy would have gone a long way.. . All things considered, the prices for their burgers aren't unreasonable.  At about $13-$18 each, you actually get your money's worth for the most part (unlike China Poblano next door...).  Whichever one you get though, I'd suggest choosing the shoestring fries to go with it (they're more like regular cut fries than "shoestring").  While the tin of steak fries that came with my order were fine, I thought the shoestring fries my friend had were crispier and a little more flavorful.  Now I just have to go back and try one of Holstein's shakes - preferably of the alcoholic variety.
Heard this place has the best burger in Las Vegas. So I had to try it. It surely did not disappoint...although I havn't had many burger in Vegas before. It comes with fries and basically is everything you want a burger to be. Got the lettuce, tomatoes, sizzauce, onions and yo uget to choose how to want the meat. Rare right?! . . I think one thing you MUST try it you come here are the shakes. These might be one of the best shakes I've ever had.. . You should definitely check out when you go at least once...or twice
By the end of it all,you are paying a lot for your burger, but you will not be too angry as you can taste the quality with each one. Portion sizes are not huge so it makes for a good lighter meal. . We didn't try the Shakes, but they have many which they mix some alcohol into. I thought one of the rules of drinking you learn was never to mix dairy with alcohol. We all feel what an Irish Car Bomb or a Cement Mixer can do in our stomachs. But hey.. its Vegas.. next time I'll try it out.
We were hungry and walked into Holsteins.  I like the atmosphere and the waitress got our waters quick.  I had the crispy pork belly buns.  Very well seasoned and cilantro and pea shoots adds a nice fresh crunch.  My girlfriend had "big fat greek" burger.  She wasn't raving about it as much as I was with mine.  Overall, the service was good and so was the food.  We'll be back.
The "Rising Sun" is going down!. . The burger was awesome and very reasonable. The patty was cooked perfectly and all of the ingredients were fresh and flavorful. I was pleased to say the least! . . But let's get to the best part of the meal...what I think was the most important part....THE MILKSHAKE! Swear to all that is good in this world, the best milkshakes in the world live here! It's like they invented them and then perfected them by adding alcohol. I had the peanutbutter shake (don't remember the name, too busy destroying it!) and it was amazing. If I could consume 2 shakes in one sitting, it would have been done!
I really enjoy this spot, and on top of that anything by this same company (Block 16, they run Barrymore, Public House, and more). Trendy, good people watching, fast service, unique and good food is always a solid mix for a Vegas restaurant. . . My favorite shakes are the Green Grasshopper, a minty and chocolatey mix of wonderfulness and the straight Oreo. I love the burgers, I've had a bunch of them and I believe the Rising sun and the Steak/Mushroom burger are both delivered to this planet from some culinary god.. . There are a few drawbacks though, price is one. Pretty expensive, but its what you expect for being in one of the upper class casinos. My GF got the Ahi tuna sliders and they were a JOKE, not good and cost something like $15. Also it has a very club like atmosphere, don't come here expecting a romantic dinner or anything, this is a bar scene more than a restaurant.. . Stick with the Burgers and Shakes here and you can't go wrong. Stray out of those categories and you may be disappointed. Overall this is one of my favorite spots in town, also because the Cosmo rocks and the chandelier bar is right next door.
I've been to this place nearly a dozen times and still haven't written a review.. oops. While my favorite burger lives at the Barrymore (same owners as Holsteins!), Holsteins has become my favorite burger joint. I highly recommend the "Gold Standard", but honestly everything I've tried has been fabulous. . . I'm a bit bummed the pizza twinkies are no longer around, but the buffalo chicken dip is a nice addition. Honestly I make yummier buffalo chicken dip at home, but it's nice to have someone else make it for you :) . . Lastly, I urge you to try the delicious shakes! The birthday cake one is amazing, but my favorite is the first one on the menu (monkey something or other) with peanut butter and banana. YUM. With or without booze, these shakes are amazing!. . From the free smoked cheddar popcorn at the beginning, to the tasty burgers, to the yummy shakes - this is one of the yummier places to get a pricey burger on the strip! While Burger Bar was the first, Holsteins is my pick for the current best !
Used a groupon again to come here. Hip & playful decor & friendly staff. Our first time in The Cosmopolitan, which is very cool & hip. Waited about 15 minutes to get a booth seat. I got the Longhorn burger & added cheddar cheese. It was good, but not as flavorful as I thought it would be and incredibly messy. The steak fries were good. My boyfriend had the Hen House burger & added blue cheese. His was also very messy (with the runny fried egg) but he enjoyed the flavors. We finished off the meal with a chocolate malt shake which was very good, complete with his & hers pink & blue straws so we could share :) I still have another grouponto go back again, can't wait to.
Very good food, excellent service, and great beer selection. They have good ciders as well. If itweren't quite so pricey, I'd give it 5 stars...
Probably not going to add too much to the already impressive list of reviews on this place. . . Items I ordered:. Lobster Mac n Cheese (EXCELLENT). Sunrise Burger + Fried Egg (Good). Birthday Cake Shake (EXCELLENT). . I also really liked the vibe and decorations in the place. Next time I would hold off on adding too much extra items to the burger... they are heavy enough as it is.
wow, the El Machete burger was like everything I've ever dreamed it could be and more. That was an amazing burger. Just perfectly proportioned everything. Shoestring fries were good too. I didn't try the shake/float section of the menu, but the majority of our table did and everyone was raving about those too. They did look good, just wasn't really feelin it. The Holstein's special brew beer or whatever it was called (had Holstein's in the name) was very good too. I was shocked to find a locally brewed beer in Vegas that was that good. Damn I miss that burger though. Need a Holstein's in San Jose next plz =) Was a little pricey or it would have gotten 5 stars.
This place has some good burgers, and I guess the reason I am giving it 4 out of 5, is because I didn't get a burger. I got the lobster sandwich. It was pretty blah. My boyfriend a got a burger, which I tried, and was delicious. It made me completely filled with envy that I settled with this half ass lobster-slop-in-a-bun. Service was quick and the sweet potato fries were amazing!
3.5ish, really, but a few factors kick it up to 4:. . -hip environment. We only sat at the bar, as they were packed, but it seemed more fun there anyway.. -Unique/bold ingredients on the menu. I love when a place isn't scared to try new things!. -Clear identity. It's good when you know what a place is about and they don't seem too schizophrenic when you open the menu.. -Tons of drinks to choose from!. . We tried a few things and shared:. -Kalbi Beef Quesadilla: Not bad, but not blown away. Bear in mind, I had the filling only, so perhaps with the flavors of the tortilla, it'd be better.. -Shared the Steakhouse Burger: Crusted in black pepper with Holstein's creamy steak sauce, Marmalade Onions, Tomato Confit, WIld Mushrooms, and Swiss Cheese. Again, just ok. But, I think most burgers are 'just ok' to me now since I don't eat the bun.  The ingredients were good and put together well.  We also got a side of smoked bacon, which was nice.. -Jim G had two of the many, many, many beers and I tried their Spicy Bloody Mary with Pepper&CIlantro infused vodka. Pretty good.  . . I wanted to try one of theirmany 'shakes,' full of sweet and alcohol-y goodness. But I felt the carbs were too much. I know one drunken night I'll stumble in there and order one. I'll report back =). . The food is intriguing and there's plenty more on the menu that I want to try; that factor makes me give a place a little more credit up front, since they've piqued my interest. They try to use organic products, and I'm a fan of that. And, lastly, Block 16 management group runs them; they're the same group that does Public House, which I really like too.  These people have a sense of style and uniqueness with food and decor.  Good for them!
Wow, this place was awesome, me and my crew pre-gamed here before a night of insanity at Marquee, and thought it was great! . . Waitress definitely took care of us, real attentive and friendly, and also got us a hook-up with a promoter for Marquee. Food looked great, but I only really drank so I can't really tell you how great it was, my bad ; (  haha. . . We did a round of Irish Car bombs which were awesome, and when we ordered Coronas, they gave us 24 oz bottles and glasses! . . Awesome spot, if you're going to the Cosmo -- def make a stop at Holsteins!
We went here just for dessert and lattes. The lattes were good, nothing too crazy, but good. For dessert we got the junk food candy bar and it was reeeeeallly good! It was salty and sweet with chocolate, potato chip, pretzels, chocolate mousse, and just all around awesome stuff. I was sad I didn't get to eat here, but it was good. I'll have to try it for lunch or dinner next time.
The Cosmopolitan features fancy, expensive places: Nightclub can set you back $50 for certain events, Wicked Spoon is nearly $40, STK will set you back at least $50 for a hearty meal, the clothing is expensive, etc.. . Make no mistake, the shakes, burgers, cocktails, and beer is overpriced at this place but compared to other venues in the Cosmopolitan, Holsteins is a great value. I ordered The Gold Standard and that was a DAM good burger. . . The Rising Sun also got rave reviews from my friends along with the shakes. The ambiance of the place feels like I'm in some Cartoon Network-like place, which is pretty cool, I feel. . . If you're eating at the Cosmopolitan, chances are you're going to spend a lot of money. If you're looking for the best value for your dollar in this hotel, make it Holsteins.
Holy Kimchi Burger! You guys get get an extra point for not messing this concept up. This burger is actually listed on the menu as the "Korean Bull-gogi burger" and it consisted of a soy marinated burger topped with kimchi & a fried egg. Just a hint to my fellow Yelpers be sure to add Bacon to this burger because it really completes it. My only complaint about the burger was it was a little too juicy...and the juices were starting to flow from the meat onto my plate & hands but better juicy than dry. Theres also a quick fix to this by simply eating the burger upside down because for some reason the top bun is usually a lot more sturdy and  can manage to keep itself together. . . In terms of cost this burger was about $5 then the dreaded one I had at Treasure Island and definitely worth the mark up.
Holsteins fits right in at the Cosmopolitan hotel in Vegas, super hip bordering on douchy and of course I like it!. . We sat at the bar which is great if you don't want to wait 45 minutes on a busy weekend night.  It took us a little while to be served but it gave me time to check out their solid beer list.  The spiked milkshakes will call out to you, what could be better than liquor in a milkshake, right? To me that just equals to a long night in Vegas, so I moved on.. . We went with their Steakhouse burger and to try something I wouldn't expect on their menu we shared a Kalbi Beef quesadilla. The burger was good, not great, with a nice layer of black pepper on the beef, steak sauce, and choice of cheese.  The quesadilla was also good, and a great intro to Korean food, but if you are a big Korean BBQ fan you may be disappointed.. . Overall a good experience and reasonably priced place to check when at the Cosmo.
On a Saturday afternoon this place was packed with a lively crowd.  My hubby and I needed a little downtime before starting our night so we got a couple of milkshakes to go and enjoyed them up in our room.  Mine was the one with bananas and Frangelico in it.  So delicious!  You could taste the flavor of the liquor but it was not too strong.  The hubby got the Oreo one which I think had Bailey's in it.  His must have been stronger than mine since he totally passed out shortly after.  But that more likely was due to the fact that we had been at a kids birthday party all day.
3.5 but i'm rounding up because they have my Lindeman's Framboise.  yeah, it's $14 but that's really only a couple dollars more than a cocktail in LA.  . . the kalbi beef kimchi quesadilla is delicious!  and so is the lobster roll.  yeah, i've been here twice and haven't actually ordered the burger, but everyone else at my table did, and they were all happy.  be prepared to spend about $20 for your burger (after the toppings,tax and tip), but hey, it's vegas.  and it's the cosmopolitan.  it fits.  . . service is spotty.  decor is cute.  they have a restroom inside the restaurant, which most restaurants in vegas hotels don't, so that's convenient.
Holsteins was very good. A large selection of adult shakes spiked with liquor, and regular shakes also. The burgers were great, juicy flavorful meat topped to your liking. the onion rings were battered and crispy served with an awesome chipotle aioli Didn't find this place until my last trip to vegas and was very satisfied. The only minus is the price of the shake starting at 8 dollars-11. other than that Holsteins was great.
Until about 5 minutes ago my review for Holstein's was "Awesome food, tasted so good, I just can't remember what we ate!" - don't judge. It was our last supper of a 10 day showing family around Vegas trip.. . Having pieced together the pieces of the dining experience I find that the memories come flooding back. We were seated rather late on a Saturday evening promptly and efficiently. The server (his name? Please, I can barely remember what I ate!) was good and guided us appropriately through the menu. We had Ahi Poke and Artichoke Guac (this I remember being very good!).. . I ordered the Gold Standard Burger which was delicious, the tomato confit sweet and the goats cheese tart - perfect combo! Hubby had The Rising Sun which he said he wouldn't order again.. . My 1 gripe is, for the most part our fault. We were looking forward to trying the "Bam-Boozled Shakes" however we found that dining late at night the shake preparer leaves for the evening. Unfortunately the shake preparer was also the dessert preparer, so no dessert or shakes for us. However this does provide the perfect excuse to return which we would be more than happy to do!
Great burgers, but they are overpriced, like much of Vegas. I've tried 4 of their burgers, but can't really remember their names. I just remember them as:. . 1) The burger that won the best burger award. 2) The Korean Burger. 3) The Japanese Burger. 4) A burger I don't remember at all.. . The burger that won the award is overrated. It's not bad, but I wouldn't get it again. The Korean Burger was great, and the Japanese Burger was equally as great. Sorry if this wasn't much help because of the gross lack of details. . . To be honest, if you don't have to sit down, I would recommend Secret Pizza over this place. But the burgers are good.
I came here on a Sunday for lunch. The wait for our party of 5 was around 20 minutes which wasn't too bad considering there were shops nearby to visit in the meantime. Our server was very accommodating and had all sorts of things to recommend. He brought out free popcorn for us as starters. It tasted very interesting, like spicy BBQ.... . I got the Rising Sun burger which was very delicious with the fried avocado inside! Every burger also comes with a side of fries. I had ordered sweet potato fries but they gave me the regular skinny fries instead. I didn't mind because they were nice and crispy but once I let them know about the mistake, they brought out the sweet potato fries immediately which was nice. I also ordered the Frozen Grasshopper which was one of their alcoholic milk shakes with peppermint and chocolate. It was also delicious and I could not taste the alcohol at all.. . Tip: if you check-in on foursquare and show your server, they will give you a free pint of draft beer! (we got this and the beer was very smooth and did not taste cheap at all). . Overall it was a very nice experience. I loved the cute cartoony cow deco all around the restaurant. Our server even made it a point to stop by and wish me a safe drive back to California when I was standing in line for the bathroom, which was not even close to our table. I thought that was a very nice gesture and topped off our visit very well.
As I walked through the front door.... . House music was blasting.. . The DJ was spinning.. . Girls in stilettos and slinky dresses were dancing.. . Boys in button-down shirts were standing and posing by the bar while sipping Manhattans.. . You'd be forgiven for thinking that I had just wandered into some Vegas nightclub, but no.  This atmosphere is par for the course at Holsteins, which may be the most self-consciously hip burger joint in America.. . Normally I'd be more cynical about the goings-on at Holsteins, but they're forgiven because they put out an excellent product.  Despite the crowds and clubby atmosphere, the hostess quickly found us a (relatively) quiet table in the corner, with a nice view of a staff artist making a new cow-themed painting to add to the dining room's already-extensive collection.  After we sat down, we knew we made the right decision by coming here, because absolutely everything on their menu is mouthwatering.  . . Holsteins has a pretty extensive menu, but ordering anything other than the burgers would be silly here.  I ordered the nom nom burger, which is Kobe beef, cheddar, Thousand Island dressing, and potato chips.  My dinner companion had their California turkey burger, which comes with sprouts, tomatoes, avocado, cucumber slaw, pepper Jack cheese, and a dollop of Russian dressing.  All of the burgers come with your choice of shoestring or steak-cut fries.. . I *loved* the flavors of both of these burgers.  They easily rank among the best in Vegas.. . The only place where Holsteins slips is service.  I asked for my burger cooked medium, and it was definitely cooked beyond that.  Ultimately, though, the Thousand Island dressing provided more than enough the juiciness for the burger.  My dinner companion also ordered steak fries, but received shoestring fries instead.  Again, this was a tiny problem that didn't affect our experience much.. . Holsteins definitely warrants a return visit.  I'll let their scattershot service slide, if it means tasting more of their meaty and mouthwatering creations in a sleek and stylish atmosphere.. . 'Til next time, Holsteins.
My husband and I and my friend went there 2 weeks ago. We had a great meal and the burgers were just awesome!!!! They do have a great combination for each of their burgers. I got a Gold Standard, my husband got a Nom Nom Burger, my friend got a Rising Sun. We all enjoyed our burgers so much. My husband also got a smore shake (asked for non-alcoholic) and it was great.. I really love my Gold Standard burger alot, I just love how well the combination of the ingredients work as they tasted so great when they joined together in my mouth. It was a great great burger and it's worth the money to have such a great burger! . . The server was very nice and gave good service too. We will be back!
Rising Sun and Golden Standard is definitely a must have! They use Kobe and Dry aged beef! Awesome beer selection and the ambiance absolutely fit the 'cosmopolitan' feel. If you want to skip the line to Marquee on Friday or Saturday, hang out here. Same Dj, less crowds, better drinks.. I mean where else can you have a burger and fist pump??
Great burgers constructed with amazing combination of ingredients.. . The environment is laid back, but the service is spot on! Definitely a great. place to catch a game and grab a bite. The beer selection is great too!!
This place was pretty, but our waitress was pretty rude. She barely came over to check on us and the place wasn't even that busy. Whenever she spoke to us she wouldn't even look at us and that really pissed me off. But yeah the burgers were really good. . . What I didn't like was their advertised alcoholic shakes. Me and my friend ordered two of those and we didn't taste any alcohol in it, I really don't think they had any. But I got the breakfast shake with capt'n crunch inside. Was a good shake but wish it had any alcohol in it. . . I'd probably come back here in the future just for their burgers though.
We attended the NAB Show this year and stopped by Holsteins for dinner.  Since none have eaten here before, we decided to order three different burgers and share.   So here is how they ranked.  Number one was definitely the Billionaire's burger: Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo.  TO DIE FOR!  Second was the Gold Standard: Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli.  It is their signature burger.  The third was The Rising Sun.  I think it was our least favorite because we were so full by the time we tried it.  It was good but turned out to be too rich at the moment.  Overall, they were all really tasty and I recommend everyone (even if burgers are not your thing) to try this place at least once! I was in Burger Heaven that night!
The decor and atmosphere is fun.  I don't think Vegas is ever THAT kid friendly though, so people watching is entertaining at all times of the day in this city.  . . The menu is extensive, so there is something for everyone I felt.  . . The shake wasn't stand out like I was hoping got the smores one because our server told us it was the most popular one.  I ordered this first and she actually brought it out last so maybe my taste buds were tired from the rest of the meal. . . We got the coconut shrimp which had a GREAT crispy texture to it without the oily taste.  My friends got the rising sun and urth burger.  I got the gold standard -- everyone was pleased.  We got the steak, sweet potato and shoestring fries.  We all preferred different ones, but weren't blown away by the fries as much as our burgers.  No shame, add an egg to everything....anything.. . Service: kind of slow, but they were busy.  We also had someone who was training.  She tried; I can appreciate that.  . . I can't wait to try the mac n cheese, chicken fingers & waffles, more shakes, and um all the burgers. . . Overall: tummy stuffed and satisfied.
Been here twice, and YUM!  The shakes are de-lish.  The turkey burger is so yummy!  So are many of the others.  If you are looking for a casual, fun, and tasty place for lunch or dinner, this is a great pic.
A slightly more upscale version of your normal burger/shake joint with a vibrant and lively atmosphere!  The menu options are unique and every burger description screams order me....we ended up going with the Gold Standard (voted best burger in Vegas according to the bartender) and the Rising Sun.  While the Gold Standard was really not my favorite (misled by the bartender...), mostly because the aged goat cheddar cheese overwhelmed all the other flavors, the Rising Sun was thebomb diggity!  I chose to add a fried egg to the Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado goodness that made up this burger....perfect mixture of flavors and textures.  The fries were just typical, nothing special really with the shoe string or sweet potato fries.   I'm a big fan of really just this Rising Sun burger...I don't know if I would frequent this place all the time since the burgers are a little pricey.   Definitely comparable to the Bachi Burger concept....but I think I may prefer Bachi over this place....especially given the price point and the options for fries are better at Bachi.
I have previously professed my Vegas burger love for Stripburger, but Holstein's come in a very respectable second to my favorite burger spot on the strip, if only for the price.  Holstein's is a fairly new face on the strip, but it has already far exceeded Burger Bar and BLT Burger, among the plethora of other mediocre upscale burger joints on the strip.  . . The burgers are obviously top notch, and the creativity on some of the burgers is really refreshing; more importantly, it's executed perfectly.  There isn't really much else that needs to be said about the burgers at Holstein's, aside from try as many as possible, because they are all good.  What separates Holstein's from the ever growing crowd of burger spots is their appetizers.  The kimchi quesadillas, the philly cheese steak eggrolls, the incredible pork buns - there is no way to properly describe how good some of these appetizers are.  And the kicker, at least for me, is that they are different.  How many places, especially burger joints, serve kimchi quesadillas? As far as I can tell, not too many.  The incredible creativity that is seen in the burger menu is also seen in the appetizers and the rest of the menu - and again, it's all executed flawlessly.  I personally am not a big drinker, but I have tried one of their alcohol infused shakes, and it was delicious as well.  . . The service here is always great, but this place can get slammed in the evenings and the bar can get rather loud, especially if there is a big game on the TVs, so I would definitely recommend this as a lunch destination if possible.  . . Bottom line: if you're looking to spend a bit of money for a good burger, Holstein's should be your go to spot from here on out.
A great place for kicked up comfort food.  Burgers, oh yeah.  The Longhorn Burger with brisket on top of the patty is to die for (and also remotely possible if you finish this).  Great creative Philly cheese steak spring roll appetizer.  The bread is really good here, as is the service.  Enjoyed atmosphere too.  A good stop.  Avoid the Lollipop dessert though - not good and definitely overpriced.
Stumbled upon this place via Yelp because my friend was craving chicken strips. After getting seated by a cute and cheerful waitress, we got to snack on popcorn while we looked over the menu. (Free popcorn is always a positive in my book!) I ordered the Gold Standard Burger since everyone was raving about it on Yelp. The burger was good, but I have to say.. the fries were definitely drool worthy.. . They had a large variety of "Bam Boozled Shaks" aka boozed up milkshakes. I had a bit of my friend's Oreo Milkshake = yum! (And I don't even like chocolate..). . By the way, if you check in on FourSquare, you get a free pint of draft beer!. . Love love love the cute cow art decor all over the restaurant. It's super cute and lively. They also have TV all over the place so you could watch the games that were going on.
Super yummy hamburgers, milk shakes and french fries.  I got a milk shake called a drunken monkey and practically licked the cup when it was done.  My only complaint that there is a really limited kids menu and for two adults, one child and three milk shakes was a little over $90.  . . Also highly recommend that you call ahead to get seating!  Thankfully we bypassed the 45 minute wait and was seated immediately.
I ate here in early May on my semi-annual trip to Vegas. I found out about this place through Groupon. The restaurant was very nice and the staff quite friendly. I got there right when they opened so it was easy to get a table. I ordered onion rings as an app....they were very good, but waaaay to much for one person. I asked them if they could make me a kobe beef burger done up as The Classic and they were happy to comply. They also brought some popcorn to my table. I didn't like it, but it was free so who cares. The burger was delicious, fries were good, and I also enjoyed the onion rings. Nothing to complain about, except it's probably a little pricey for my taste. I would probably not go back because there are so many places on the Strip i want to try, but if you like burgers you should check it out.
Located inside of The Cosmopolitan, this place already gets a thumbs up for location. The burgers are the best restaraunt burgers I have ever eaten. They are thick and juicy and the milkshakes are awesome. All of the shakes come with some little candies sprinkled on top and they are so good. I got the skinny fries with my burger and I was not disappointed. If you are in Vegas you must take the time to go try this place. I promise you will love it.
Great burger joint inside the Cosmo! Nice decor and atmosphere. Our table was wobbly, so being a designer in for the Hospitality Expo, I was a little po'd at this since everything else in this hotel is exquisitely designed. But, won't knock off points for that.. . The food: ordered the "Nom nom" burger...Kobe beef burger with cheese. It didn't come with lettuce, tomatoes, etc., but they're available for the asking. Overall, very good...not as melt-in-your-mouth as the kobe burger at one of Wolfgang Puck's restuarants, but tasty none the less. Got it with steak fries...again, good, but about the same as what you could get at say Fuddruckers or KFC; nothing special, but still good.. . Service: Good. We could tell our server was either tired or just tired of working in Vegas, but at least she still made an effort to smile. Another server who accidentally poured water into my 1/2 empty Sprite glass was better and more fun. We all laughed, she realized her "super fail" (as she exclaimed), apologized and provided me with extra soda and popcorn...which had me thinking, "why didn't our main server give us popcorn when we first sat down??"  Again, neither here nor there.. . For the guys(& maybe some of you ladies): the servers in the bar area...wow. Very hot asian ladies in tight red mini-dresses?! Take that, Hooters!. . Overall, a nice casual place to eat amongst the swankier places in the Cosmopolitan. Definitely better than some of the other burger offerings in Vegas. Guys, if your girl doesn't wanna leave "The Chandelier" bar, just go up and have a burger & watch the game at Holsteins! You're welcome.
In my quest to try the best burgers on the west coast, I came here with friends recently to give it a try while on vacation. The decor was really cute (I never comment on stuff like this, so the fact that it caught my eye means a lot). Burgers were pretty good, nothing off the charts amazing, but I'd go with the Rising Sun burger (Gold Standard was probably second best). Sides were somewhat overdone, but not terrible either. The savoir of this place was the milkshakes. DEAR GOD SO GOOD. 4 of us split the campfire smores and the raspberry lemon cheesecake, both were amazing. You knew there was alcohol in there, but the shakes weren't overpowered by the alcohol (or by the sugary stuff to cover up the booze) I'd definitely recommend this place, if for nothing else the milkshakes
As described, shakes and buns.. . Have made several stops for a quick bite on each of my stops to the Cosmo since opening. Friendly attentive staff. I'm often traveling alone so I love the availability to grab a seat at the bar even during hot hours as they have a good sized lounge area for groups to sit while awaiting tables or just having cocktails. The place does get loud often competing with the PA and the club across the floor in the evenings.. . Shakes are rich and tasty whether you get boozed or not. The Big Fat Greek burger is delicious and I've had several good salad entrees as well. Don't skip the sweet potato fries!
Came back to Holstein's because my gf had a groupon.  This time, my burger was not as good as before. I ordered the Nom Nom burger (sounds cool right?!) Well it has chips in it but the chips were bland and there basically wasn't much else in this burger =(  My gf ordered the steakhouse burger which was really good! Lucky for me she got full fast and I was able to finish her burger muHAHAHAHA!. . Our order was messed up with the fries so our waitress gave us sweet potato fries on the house. . . you can add a bunch of toppings to your burger but I don't think it's worth it, just stick to the regular recipes.
We've been back a few times, most recently this past Memorial Day weekend. BF had the Nom Nom (Kobe beef) burger. Nothing too fancy but a great basic burger. He loved it. I had the salmon salad of all things and I was so pleasantly surprised. Great flavor on the vinaigrette and nice ingredients all around - not too ambitious and over filled with stuff.. . The best thing always though is the alcoholic milkshake for dessert. This time we had the Blueberry Pie and it was heavenly. . . Always worth a stop at the Cosmopolitan.
So my first time visiting the Cosmopolitan, and wow, gaudy. This hotel is the hip spot now, but I guarantee the chandelier get-up will be looking dated sooner than anyone thinks. The dining area feels so much like a regular mall that I was longing for the painted clouds in almost every other casino's faux outdoor mall experience. . . The wait was long, so we sat in the bar lounge across from a World Series of Poker player and her spunky blonde friend. At one point the WSP player went to grab something from her room and a very large man sat on the loveseat right next to the friend. When my companion told him the seat was taken, the very large man replied, "I know," and proceeded to flirt with the lady. Baller!. . Anyway, Holstein's makes a really great burger. Had the Korean 'Bull'gogi - its sweet soy marinated beef, fried egg, kimchee slaw, chili mayo, and kalbi glaze had almost nothing to do with any of those items as they're found in Koreatown, but boy, was it tasty. I just have to take a moment and acknowledge the concept (heretofore unexperienced by me) of adding a fucking fried egg to a fucking burger. Hot damn, that's a good gimmick! Volleys right over the nutritionally bankrupt bacon-wrapped hot dog, I'm sure. So yeah, that was awesome. . . The sweet potato fries were good, and the fresh fruit cocktails were solid. The wait staff were particularly nice. Vegas prices but hey, we're in Vegas.
My wife and I went here for a late dinner while on our Anniversary Vacation in Vegas. After a 25 minute wait, we were finally seated. It was crowded and LOUD with people and the music. The walls had humurous cartoon murals of a pig in a cow suit doing hilarious things...much funnier than the Chik-fil-a cows!. The food was very good and delicious! My wife ordered the Blueberry Pie shake without the booze in it (we're pregnant) and it was just as good as eating the pie itself! Apparently all the shakes can be made with out alcohol, which makes it a bit more helpful if you have kids in tow, although the crowd seemed to be mostly young partiers at that time of night.. . She ordered the Chicago Dogs which came in 3 mini hot dogs, they were flavorful and the bun was really tender. I took the server's advice and tried the Gold Standard burger (which was one of the number one rated burgers on the LV Strip so I was told). It was very good and juicy full of flavor and on a good bun. The Shoestring fries came out a bit cold. Everything was pricey as expected for a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan but the quality was all there along with the service. Overall, minus the LouD noise and the wait time, it was worth the good tasting food!
While most normal people would order a burger at Holsteins I went with a black & white shake, artichoke hummus and sweet potato fries. Perhaps a strange combination, but don't judge me...I'm pregnant. In this rare instance my eyes turned out to be bigger than my growing stomach because I put a pretty good dent in the fries, drank about half the shake, but didn't have much room for the hummus. Although to be honest the hummus was pretty nasty. However, the fries and shake totally hit the spot.. . Holsteins was absolutely packed late night on a Friday, but we were able to enjoy the full menu from the lounge area. My husband raved about his Korean Bull Gogi and cocktail, which I may be up for trying myself the next time I"m there and not eating for two.
Every time I try to come here, the wait is always ridiculous.  I never remember to make reservations either cause, well, it's a burger place!  Finally, this past weekend around 2pm, after a somewhat "short" wait of 40 minutes, I got to try Holsteins.. . It actually took the 4 of us awhile to look through the menu, and in the end, I went with the Gold Standard, which is a burger with dry aged beef sirloin burger, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula & garlic-chive aioli.  I ordered it medium rare and came with a nice pink middle.  What really caught my attention about the Gold Standard was the dry aged beef, since dry aging beef condenses the beef flavor, and wow that burger was juicy.  Out of all 4 burgers, mine was the only one that had juices dripping down my fingers, even versus the Kobe beef burgers!. . The toppings were all great, especially the aged goat cheddar.  You can tell it's a little different than your normal cheddar.  The garlic-chive aioli has a mellow garlic taste.  Besides hoping the bacon was a little bit crispier, the Gold Standard is really a burger that's up there in the burger world.  It's just a very tasty burger and I can see why it is so popular!. . I also tried a bit of the Rising Sun, as well as the Korean Bull-gogi.  The Rising Sun is more of an Asian fusion burger, with teriyaki glaze and a tempura avocado that sits on top of the burger.  It also has a Kobe beef patty, so the whole burger had this velvety smooth texture thanks to the fatty patty and the smooth creamy avocado!  I would like a bit more teriyaki sauce though.. . As for the Korean Bull-gogi burger, the patty is marinated to give it extra flavor.  The best part is definitely the fried egg that sits on top.  Who can resist the egg yolk just running all over the kimchi slaw and the beef patty??. . Out of all the fries, I liked the steak cut fries the most.  Crunchy exterior with a creamy potato center.  Onion rings were great as well.  The shoestring fries were a little stale to me.. . Now, with shakes as part of its name, we knew we had to try a few of their shakes and ended up getting the Black Cow Float and the Frozen Grasshopper.  Black Cow Float is a fun and somewhat nostalgic shake since it is more like a coke flat with the ice cream rather than a true shake.  It even comes with pop rocks!  The Frozen Grasshopper is a must for any mint chocolate fans.  Smooth creamy minty frozen goodness.  For both shakes, we could taste the alcohol but it was pretty well masked!. . They also have a bunch of beers on draft.  The Bosteels Triple Karmeliet is a good one!. . Price-wise, it is pricey.  Our burgers were around $18, with shakes at $11.  The price should reflect great service but I found the service a bit lacking.  Our waitress only came to check on us twice and it took awhile to get her attention for the check as well.. . After our meal, I can see why so many people like the burgers at Holsteins.  Can't wait till the next time to try our other burgers!
Yummy! Came here on a Sunday afternoon before driving back to the OC and waited for half an hour - which is definitely a loooong time when you're hung over! We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, ahi sliders, and the burger with the sunny side up egg. Everything was delicious!!!!. . If we weren't hung over, we would have tried the shakes with alcohol in them. Next time...
A great place eat great burgers, have a beer, and relax...  I'll be back!   You gotta try the fried pickles too :-)
Hello Lobster Mac N Cheese you are my friend!  So damn good !  I'd go back just for that!. . I got a plain burger and it was just enough, spud fries were super duper hot when they arrived, so I didn't eat as many of those b/c they took sometime to cool.  Burger and fries $14.. . Co-workers all got burgers and shakes, I went with burger n a beer, stick with what I know.  They all felt totally over stuffed when they left b/c the shakes are super filling and have alcohol in them to boot!  So think twice before you do the double duty of a burger and a shake.. . Apparently they don't do duck fat fries anymore and recently have changed their menu.  Decent burger place, it's right next to a sports book, and you can watch sports there. very nice!
I drank some sort of delicious cake-vodka-milkshake that was to-die for.  I ordered the onion rings because I wasn't super hungry only to find out it was a flippin' huge order.  It was 4-5 layers of huge onion rings.  . My husband got a burger, and he said it was great (but maybe the shake helped to erase my memory about this?).  The string fries are delicious.
Went here for a quick bite and ordered the Kobe burger, cooked medium and it was perfect.  Service is a little slow if you sit in the lounge area, but the food was good, so I guess it made up for that.
Holsteins was on my list during my last trip to Vegas and we didn't end up going, so this was at the top of my list this time around. We had a party of 8 during Friday night at around 10 p.m., and ended up splitting into two tables of 4 because it was packed. The two musts here are their burgers and shakes. The BF and I split the fun-ghi burger, which was really good. I also had a bite of the Rising Sun which was great as well (think burger with an Asian twist). Their patty is really juicy and most importantly, cooked to a perfect medium rare. Since we were sharing the burger, we decided to get the truffled mac n cheese with lobster, which was piping hot and delicious. I wasn't sure about the lone potato chip on the side though.. . We ordered a couple of milkshakes: Brown Cow Float, Oreo, Drunken Monkey, and Campfire Smores. My favorite was the Oreo. The Brown Cow had chocolate pop rocks which made it very unique. It's pricey at ~$11 but they do give you a cup and a half, which makes it feel like a little better deal. . . Holsteins ranks right under Father's Office in LA in my book.
Located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan, I brought a friend from out of town to check out this joint known for high end burgers and boozy milkshakes.  The restaurant space has a good mix of seats at the bar, low tables with comfy couches, and standard booths/chairs.  Music is pumping and artwork on the walls definitely add a cool vibe, but it's not overwhelming where one can't enjoy good conversation amongst close friends.. . As for the menu, there is quite the impressive beverage selection including a wide array of international/domestic beers, wines, cocktails, and unique sodas.  My friend and I were definitely in the mood to pair some burgers with their signature shakes and I got the Drunken Monkey (with Reese's, banana, malt, and Frangelico) whereas my friend ordered the Creamsicle Float (whipped cream smirnoff,  orange sherbet, ibc cream soda, and orange bubble sugar).  My biggest fear was that the alcohol component would actually distract one's enjoyment of the milkshake, but unexpectedly the problem ended up being the complete opposite in that neither of us tasted nor felt any effects of any trace of alcohol in our shakes (i.e. neither one of us had our trademark Asian flush go into effect).  Perhaps the Holstein's staff has figured out some magic ratio/technique to eliminate both the taste and effect of alcohol in their shakes, but a little of both wouldserve to go a long way especially if one is paying double digit dollars.. . As for the burgers, we opted to split the crowd favorite Gold Standard and Steakhouse Burger.  The Gold Standard consists of dry aged sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli, but my taste buds felt like they were in Charlie Brown's classroom in that all the ingredients were rendered a slur of incomprehensibility by the overpowering goat cheese.  The Steakhouse burger, on the other hand, did a much better job showcasing its melange of ingredients consisting of pepper-crusted beef, housemade creamy steak sauce, marmalade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms,  and swiss cheese.  Taste buds were dancing their way upstairs to Marquee on this one.  For every burger, one has the choice of shoestring fries or the thick steak fries (which resemble seasoned potato wedges) so one will not go wrong depending on personal preference.  . . Overall, the burgers  do not come cheap (ranging from $14-28) nor do the milkshakes ($11) but to paraphrase Vincent Vega from Pulp Fiction,  "That's a pretty f*cking good milkshake/burger. I don't know if it's worth (insert some double digit number) dollars but it's pretty f*cking good."
HEFTY 8 OZ burger in the cosmopolitan!. . you can get your burger on a white OR wheat bun. ---gold standard burger: pretty good! i liked the strong cheese flavor & char-grilled smokyness to the patty... ALTHOUGH my patty was unevenly cooked, which was a bit of a bummer. ---burgers come w/ steak OR shoestring fries... shoestring were definitely yummier! . . NOTE:you can ask for other sauces besides ketchup & mustard, but the chipotle mayo sauce we had wasn't too impressive. . FREE house beer OR house margarita w/ a foursquare check-in!
This place is now my must-go place for burgers. It's very reasonably priced for a delicious burger. Very comfortable booths with cute cartoon cows all around the restaurant. . . I LOVE LOVE LOVE their shoestring fries! They're so fresh and crispy, slightly salted, not too oily! Okay, I might be a bit biased, since I'm not a fan of wedge fries, but seriously, try the shoestring fries once, please!. . So far I've tried their Rising Sun (kobe beef with tangy teriyaki sauce) and their Big Fat Greek (lamb with feta). I was extremely happy with every bite of the Rising Sun. I was too full to finish the burger in one sitting. But I think that's just because I stuffed my stomach with like 2 long islands and a beer. Very juicy patty, I asked for medium rare, it came out medium rare. Sauce was a bit overwhelming. Their sauce is very strong in taste, I guess I should have ordered it light on the sauce. But hey, that was my first time. Big Fat Greek wasn't too impressive, I should have stayed with the beef patties. It's not too gamey, so if lamb is not your thing because of that aroma, maybe give this one a try, it's not as strong (which is why I didn't like it as much, I love that aroma). It may not look like a giant burger, but all that feta cheese and yummy meat and other stuff inside kept me very full. I was so close in not finishing my plate again.. . If you check in here on foursquare, you can get a free house beer or house margarita. I prefer their beer. It's not the best, but their hef is tolerable. I tried their house margarita, and all I tasted was syrup. I can't complain too much, it was free. My server offered a to-go cup for my beer when I had half a burger and 3/4 pint of beer left. So nice of her :) Only in Vegas where you can take your beer to go.
Holstein's is a solid upscale burger joint. The food is dependably good. The shoe string fries are crispy. The cartoon cows on the wall all dream about getting eaten. That's fun and quirky.. . Note: The hotel brochure tries to market this place as organic and natural. The only hint in the menu was that one ingredient of the salad was organic. If the beef were organic and free range, I'd come back.
Great restaurant in the Cosmopolitan hotel. I ordered the salmon burger, and was very pleasantly surprised by the taste and quality of my meal. The salmon was a smoked fillet, and it was nice to see the place didn't take the easy route by making a salmon patty. I had to ask the waiter to take the bucket of fries away because they were so good and I couldn't stop eating them.. . The best part of my meal was sitting at the bar, and talking to the nice woman next me. Vegas is all about  new people, food, and experiences, and that's just what I got at Holsteins.
man, this place is good.  i got the captain hook which was a nice piece of seared salmon, plus a piece of gravlax on a bun.  the aioli served w/ it was delicious.  i opted for a side of salad rather than fries, so it was a pretty healthy meal.  i tried the sweet potato and steak fries, and they were really good.  . . milkshakes here are sooo yummy also, particularly the grasshopper and the oreo ones!
Excellent food. Excellent prices (for Vegas). The service was a bit spotty/slow but it wasn't terrible. So many unique burgers, I had ahard time choosing what I wanted. We ordered the artichoke guac for an appetizer... It was okay but I wouldn't order it again. . . My boyfriend ordered the Gold Standard and raved about how amazing it was. Even though it looked like a mini burger, he got so full. The food here is very good quality and so rich. When they bring your food out, you'll think you didn't order enough but the size is misleading! . . I ordered the Crispy Pork Belly Buns from the "slider section"... So amazing. They were like two little tacos but instead of a taco shell, it was a steamed Chinese bun in the shape of a taco shell with tender Asian flavored pork inside... I LOVED them. . . Didn't try the "adult" milkshakes but many tables around us seemed to be enjoying them. Also the Shoestring Fries weren't the greatest.. Maybe we'll try the Steak Cut ones next time. Definitely try this place out if you're at the City Center!
Before hitting up Marquee Night Club (on Party Rock Mondays) we decided to stop by this burger joint.  I have been here more than once and though I enjoy the food the service not so great. It was a pretty slow night and not a lot of people were in the restaurant but the service was just just sad. . . PROS:. Black & white milkshake was excellent! (It is a must try). ordered the Hen House burger (Beef w/fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, & onion w/ mustard & ketchup).  -- I really enjoyed the taste and it was perfect.. . CONS:. fries - bland. service - was slow & our waitress was not very friendly.. the place was too loud - but then it was club night. . . I dont know if I am willing to come back, but for the milkshake i probably would.
So I was trying to be productive tonight, but yet again technology is here to foil my plans. . . I was staying at the Cosmopolitan with some friends and we were hungry after lazing by the pool. Yelp pointed us to this scrumptious looking restaurant and once again, it did not disappoint. . . We made reservations on opentable, but they were not needed since it was not busy. After looking at the menu, we went with the Rising Sun and Gold Standard, which seem to be their best burgers according to Yelp reviews. The Yelp reviews also talk about how their milkshakes are excellent, and everyone who was eating seemed to have one of these huge milkshakes. One look at my lactard body started to rebel, so I managed to sum up some willpower and abstain from enjoying one. . . Soon after ordering, our appetizers were delicious and made me pretty excited for the rest of our meal. Delicious ahi tuna, rich and creamy lobster macaroni and cheese...I could have stopped there and been happy with my meal. . . Our burgers came and although both were pretty good, I liked the Gold Standard better than the Rising Sun. The Rising Sun is covered in this sweet glaze that was okay, but I was really looking for something savory. I'm sure if we didn't have all of the other food, I would have eaten that burger without complaint. . . Another plus is that we asked for our burgers medium-rare and they came medium-rare. Scrumptious! . . A third plus is that the table next to us heard me griping to the heavens about paying for wi-fi, so they generously gave me their super secret password to get on. Yay!. . A fourth plus was that Kevin Hart was eating at the same time as us, and our server encouraged us to go say hi and take a picture. I had a sudden bout of awkwardness, which tends to happen when I become uncertain. So, I froze awkwardly, stalked around his table like some crazy person, then lost my nerve and fled the scene. . . Let's work on that self-confidence, shall we?
I know this is a burger place, but there are so many burger places in Vegas and all the apps looked amazing so we went with the CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN, LOBSTER AND STEAK QUESADILLA and as an afterthought added the SOUTHERN FRIED CHICKEN FINGERS.. . I would seriously fly to Vegas just to have those chicken fingers again!! AMAZINGGG Best thing I have eaten in Vegas and this was my 5th time there. The quesadilla was ok and the pork belly buns were great after I removed the cucumber and pea shoots. . . For dessert we had the CANDY STORE... You can ask them to sub items if there is something you don't want but really it looked better than it tasted. I would rather go someplace else and spend $15 on dessert. The Potato Chip Rocher had dark chocolate which I did not enjoy, the almond joy drum stick tasted like the ice cream was freezer burnt... really nothing special.. . Also, I noted on the reservation it was my husband's 30th birthday and they didn't even acknowledge it.
Went for a late night burger with friends after seeing "surf the musical" across the street at planet hollywood. Anyway, excellent burger, I had the kobe beef. But their onion rings may be the best on the planet!  Great service, very friendly staff.  I will come back here next time i am back in vegas. You should too!
Food 4 stars. Service 4 stars . Atmosphere 4 stars. . The burgers are outstanding! The bartenders are friendly and the drink menu is really good. I recommend trying the french fries cooked in duck fat. Yummy goodness!. . It's a little more expensive than your average burger joint, but it wont break the bank and it's worth the money. . . Check it out and you'll be satisfied.
Great burgers, some of the best I've ever had with interesting combinations (I ordered the Rising Sun this time, and had a bite of my friend's Gold Standard).  The steak fries were perfect; fluffy inside and crunchy outside.  Great beer selection as well.. . The value wasn't shabby for Vegas, where everything is overpriced.  The bill after tip for burgers and a round of beers was about $27 per person.
Good burger. Amazing service. We sat at the bar but were hydrating as a result of the prior evening. The waitress was ON it! Our glasses were never even 1/3 empty! Great people watching - all those in line for the club, and nice view of the chandelier. Would try again.
I'm a bit of a burger connoisseur, and as I've written several times on Yelp: I don't consider a burger to be great because of the toppings -- that is icing on the cake -- but because of the quality of the meat and the charbroiled taste. If it doesn't taste like a burger off of backyard charcoal grill, I am not going to rate the burger too highly.. . This burger delivered. I had the Classic, though I wish I had chosen the Gold Standard for the toppings. The burger was large in portion, served on a perfect bun, and tasted like a charcoal grilled burger with excellent meat quality. . . I chose the shoe string fries to accompany my burger. They were ok, but next time I'd choose the other fries. They appeared more fresh and well seasoned. . . The beer selection, both bottle and draft, includes some of the best regional and craft beers from around the country. Any restaurant or bar with a Cider is impressive to me, and I enjoyed the Sin Cider here. . . The atmosphere is trendy, the service was friendly, the prices were reasonable ($14.99 for burger and fries), and the quality was just right.
Actually been a bit almost two months since I went, so I'm going off memory here. The burger was great, the fries were good and the service was friendly. We went at lunch time and it was very busy. Food took a bit longer than I would have liked to come out. I ordered "The Rising Sun" after the server recommended it as one of his favorites. Our server was very cool and funny, but was very close to becoming annoying at times. A bit pricey at $17 bucks, but they ARE on the strip and inside the Cosmopolitan. All in all, good experience and I will head back sometime for another go.. . Tried a spoon of a shake from friend that ordered. It was good, but I'm not much of milkshake fan so it didn't do anything for me.
this place was delicious! Had the most amazing onion rings and lobster mac and cheese here. Bf ordered a chicken carbonara burger and though the pattie was thick, it was still juicy. He also loved his sweet potato fries. We suspect they deep fry in lard, because they were seriously more tasty than normal deep fries. who knows!. . the atmosphere is quite loud and noisy though, wouldn't recommend it for a date.
This swanky burger joint is located right across the nightclub Marquee's entrance inside the Cosmopolitan hotel. From the artwork on the wall that reminds me of oldskool 90's taggers to the loud hip music blaring through the speakers, Holstein 's is hard to miss. We made it there around 7:30pm on a Saturday night and the wait was no more than 20 minutes for our party of four. When your pager starts buzzing and you report to the host at the door, you're ushered to the next host in the middle of place, which that person will walk you over to your table. The place is vibrant, loud, and hip. Just like in a NYC subway train, you have everything from skirts to suits to shorts & flip flops occupying this restaurant..  . Many items on the menu sound appealing including their numerous $11 alcoholic shakes. We ordered the Frozen Grasshopper: peppermint, chocolate, creme de menthe, Van Gogh chocolate vodka. If you love them little minty & crunchy chocolate balls, then this shake is right up your alley. There's plenty of it, a bit overwhelming actually but some people like it that way. That distinct alcohol taste is barely noticed. We also got the Oreo with Bailey's Irish Cream. This is what I considered a "safe" shake to order. If you enjoy Oreos (who doesn't?) then this is a solid route to go. Again, the taste of alcohol isn't really prevalent. Warning, if you have issues with dairy then you may want to stay away from the shakes here. I really don't but it did activate.... uhh nevermind..  . Seems like The Rising Sun $17 is quite popular from many of the reviews and sure enough someone on our table ordered it. Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake not to be mistaken by bukake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado. Seriously, what is there not to like about that set up? If it was truly an Asian inspired burger, then a fried egg would finish the job. You can add it though for a buck more. I was a little sad that I didn't order this burger for myself but my buddy was kind enough to give me a slice of heaven..  . I ended up with The Steakhouse Burger $17.5: beef patty crusted with black pepper, Holstein's creamy steak sauce, marmalade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms, swiss cheese. Oh you fancy huh? Because it sure did sound fancy. Although the burger was good, my mind was set on The Rising Sun as the unanimous winner this night. The pepper was probably what I remember most about this burger. I did finish it but I most likely wouldn't care to order it again..  . The Maine Lobster Roll $16.5: fresh cooked lobster tossed in chive aioli in a grilled mini hot dog bun with cole slaw. The price is steep, the portion is crazy bite sized, but the taste landed a Mike Tyson uppercut. Why oh why do you tease us like that Holstein 's? Gimme more!.  . The Steak Cut Fries and the Sweet Potato Fries were decent but can be better..  . Overall, Holstein 's should be visited at least once and from there you can determine if you want to be a regular. The meal was quite enjoyable but I'm not sure if it left an uber lasting effect on my appetite glands. I can probably live with or without it. For sure, give it a shot. On Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays, they are opened beyond their normal hours, midnight to 2am. However, their full menu isn't available but rather a separate and shorter late night menu. Check out the art work on the walls, I want one for my place!
Came here in Dec of 2011 and was ready to give it a 3 star rating since I didn't feel like anything stood out. Thanks to a Groupon offer and upcoming Vegas visit, we tried it again and it was a better experience. Rising Sun is an excellent selection and the fries were extra crispy this time. I ordered the pork belly buns last time and had better elsewhere. Prob why I didn't rate them as high. Trying something new on the menu definitely made a difference this time. I'd eat there again if I found myself in the Cosmo.
I was sooo in the mood for a Burger... Beef!!! This place is great, went to the Cosmopolitan with my fiance fer shopping and lunch! Came across this lil joint... The ambiance is decorated with nice graffiti-ish cow paintings. My Love ordered the Greek Burger - Lamb burger with red onions, feta cheese, and thaziki sauce.... she said it was OK, Not better than Black Hogg on Sunset Blvd! I had the Machete Burger - Beef Burger medium rare, Bacon, Fried Egg, Cheese, Barracho onions, Lettuce, Tomato, Anihiem Chili, and the Machete Aioli... As you can guess... it was deeelish! The fries on the other hand was a lil to over cooked, we got the sho string fries. I suggest the thick steak cut fries! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly... Must come to again when I'm back in Vegas!
Who would have thought I could really crave for a burger? I had been wanting to try this new burger place in the Cosmopolitan for some time. I didn't get a chance to the weekend before but this past week, I did. After Marquee Day club, my friends and I headed over and waited about 25 minutes. When we got seated the server quickly came and took our order for drinks. For all you light weight alcoholic girls, this is the place to drink. The milkshakes are alcoholic but only contains 1 oz of alcohol. For many, that's way too less. But for me, give me my Peaches N' Creme! I'll be trying all the flavors, don't you worry. tasted no alcohol at all. But I love the fact of knowing I'm drinking in Vegas, still. :) . . I got the Rising Sun burger. It was a huge patty with some tempura pieces and avocado. Avocado always makes the burger better. They gave options for shoestring fries or steak cut fries. Uhh.. SHOESTRINGS FRIES of course. I absolutely love shoestrings fries of all fries. On top of that, I also ordered the Holsteins cobb salad. I have to make sure to keep my food light if I'm going to all these pool parties, you know. I like the cobb. I'm not sure why people don't think it's worth it. I did note that the avocado slices were not ripe. . . We had decent service. Could have been better because they don't come around and check up on you much. We actually waved down our waitress a couple times. But, it was a busy afternoon. The food was good and convenient being right across from Marquee on the 2nd floor. It's pricey but gourmet burgers are always double digits so it was expected.
Service: 3/5. Food: 4/5. Wait: 2/5. Price: $$. Presentation of food: 4/5. Presentation of restaurant: 4/5. Overall: 4/5. . We had the sweet pork (Peking style) on nice warm buns with some hoysin sauce sprouts, it was superb; meat was crispy outside and soft shredded easily inside. Hubs had their burger which was bomb, the bun was the a rising star for the burger. His steak fries were great (even for me, i don't like steak fries). I had their grilled chicken burger (which was a little too much chicken (if that makes any sense), I had to shred the chicken down to smaller pieces because it felt like I was eating a block of chicken. The shoe string fries were a great pair to the burgers. I had their orangesicle float which was superb. All in all I wouldn't mind coming back here again, but stick with their classic beef burgers.
Service: 4/5. Food: 4/5. Wait: 3/5. Price: $$. Presentation of food: 4/5. Presentation of restaurant: 4/5. Overall: 4/5. . We had the Nom Nom Burger (steak fries) and the Urth Burger (and shoestring fries) with a Peaches 'n Cream Shake. The food was delicious and the drink was really good! One note about the Nom Nom Burger: The potato chips on top of burger was not necessary.. . Great price for the amount & quality of food & drink given.
Good place and very enjoyable place to go.  My girlfriend enjoyed her burger and so did I.  One of the best burger places on the strip and awesome choices.  The burgers will definitely get you full!!!
A cardinal sin was committed at Holsteins: I did not try a boozy shake. If you want to stop reading here, I don't blame you. . . But I did have some kind of turkey burger with avocado (yum), sprouts (yum), and some kind of delicious spicy mayo? (also yum). What kind of illegal drugs are on those shoestring fries to make them so tasty? I'm sold on this place. . . I love the decor and that it is not facing the casino floor. Sometimes you just want to not see or hear a slot machine, amirite? . . We had a large group and had to keep adding chairs on, and the servers were really accommodating. I know how annoying that can be but they took it in stride and were friendly the whole way. I will definitely be back to try something less turkey burger and more filled with alcohol.
I have eaten here a few times and have always enjoyed the food.  However, I come here mostly for the Campfire Smores shake ( alcohol infused).  I really don't taste too much alcohol in any of their shakes, but they are quite delicious.  . . The Rising Sun burger is very good as well as the Hen house.
Came here for dinner with a group of 13. I must say, they took forever and a day to seat us. However, everything else after that was smooth sailing.. . We were greeted with white truffle popcorn when we were seated but the waitress must not have gotten the memo that 3 small tins of popcorn (which were great) would not satisfy 13 guys' long wait/pre-meal munchies. However, she was on top when it came down to our orders. . . I got the Fun Ghi burger, which they pronounce fungi but should be pronounced more like "fun jee"....anyways, the burger was $17 but should have been more of a $14-15 burger.   The mark up must have been from the "truffle oil" that they claim they put in it but I couldn't taste truffle at all. Came with streak cut fries but I would recommend getting shoestring fries. . . When ordering your burger, order it 1 step more rare since they tend to overcook the patties. I ordered a medium rare and was served medium, NBD.
I am sorry to write that the Korean 'Bull'gogi burger is no more. It's a bummer because I really, really liked it, but luckily, my switch to El Machete was a good one. The Anaheim chile totally makes the burger, and I took pains to fork some chile onto each bite. Service was friendly, distinctively so, like you can tell that management makes it a priority, which I appreciate. I've scanned a lot of reviews about the long wait, which you can rectify via a simple Open Table reservation.  I generally don't buy into the pricey burger trend, but Holsteins really does it right, and it's one of the few great mid-priced restaurants in Vegas.
Our waitress was wonderful, very helpful with her menu suggestions. . The lobster and beef quesadilla  appetizer was excellent!. It was the highlight of the meal.  The Rising Sun burger was also delicious.
Burger joint inside the Cosmopolitan with great art all around the restaurant from a local Vegas artist.. . Burgers were great, I had the Rising Sun burger, the spicy mayo and avocado on it was amazing.. . Highly recommended, will be back to try the lobster Mac n cheese.
Great burger and shakes place inside the new Cosmopolitan hotel. I ordered the Nom Nom Burger (beef patty, cheddar cheese, potato chips, and 1000 island dressing) with an added fried egg. It comes with shoestring fries or steak-cut fries. The patty was cooked medium rare and the whole burger was mouth-watering good!!. . Come hungry!!
Heard good thing about this place so popped in here for lunch. I had the classic Holsteins burger with sweet potato fries. The burger was delicious and made for the perfect lunch after a night of heavy drinking. The burger comes with onions, pickles, lettuce, tomato and mayo. Sweet potato fries were very good as well. I've had some amazing burgers in my life, so this place isn't exactly 5 stars, but its really good. The service is excellent and the was staff was very friendly. Definitely recommended
Overall great restaurant!!  Would definitely love to eat here again. The food was fantastic.  Ambiance is fun.  Location is great. Staff was friendly.  The mini lobster tails in hotdog buns were fantastic, and the sweet potato fries were great.  Would have been five stars but the price to portion ratio was a little high.
What's better than eating a good burger in a cool/hip setting with good music? Eating that same burger with a booze filled milk shake!  Holsteins was one of the first restaurants I ate at during my recent Vegas vacation and I have to say that I would definitely eat here again on my next visit.  The various burger offerings and descriptions made it difficult to choose but I finally settled on the steakhouse burger.  . . My burger was perfectly cooked/seasoned and was topped off with an obscene amount of grilled onions and mushrooms.  The steakcut fries were good but nothing to write home about.  I ordered the orange dreamsicle shake which was awesome and not overly rich like the grasshopper shake my buddy ordered.. . Although the restaurant was rather spacious there was only one bathroom for each gender which made waiting in line a common occurrence.  I'm not sure if they have a happy hour or other drink specials (the cheeky bartender stated that every hour was "happy") but the drink pricing was reasonable for Vegas.
yum in the tum and wonderful people watching! love vegas!
This place is money. It is super trendy with a great ambiance and music to match. I came here to meet some friends for lunch and was very pleased with the outcome. The wait was long but it was completely worth it! We had draft beer, fried pickles (yes fried pickles) and burgers. I would give the burger an 8.5. I will for sure make an effort to eat here next time I am in Vegas.. . If you are trying to eat here for lunch on the weekend, try to avoid the lunch rush or you can put your name down and walk around for about 30 minutes. Enjoy!
Good service, strong spiked milk shakes, crispy fries and beer on tap. Located right outside the entrance to Marquee. A good way to predrink before Marquee night club or day club. Could get packed so try to find a seat at the bar where drinks come out faster!!! Also if you can't finish your beer on site don't worry, they'll "pack up" your beer so you can take it to go!
Burger Heaven!. . This place was recommended by some friends and it did not disappoint. I originally went here to try the Cereal Bowl. It lived up to the hype. You can't go wrong with cap n' crunch & vodka. The pizza twinkies were delicious and the burgers were perfectly cooked. The menu is extensive and caters to everyone's taste. The service was great and they give you popcorn to snack on. SCORE! I will definitely being at Holsteins for years to come!
Delicious fried pickles, I really enjoyed my classic burger with onion rings.  They had a fairly adventurous menu and the prices were reasonable,  Also the decor of pigs wearing cow suits was really cute.  Would eat here again.
4.0 gold standard burger - I ordered this based on the push from our server.. 2.5 for my shoestring fries. . I was famished as we were exploring the various hotel/casinos in the recently built City Center.  The name Holstein caught my attention so I asked everyone if this was o.k.. . The five of us were seated in one of the half moon shaped booths with two seated in the chairs.  We looked around and noticed one cow with many more caricatures of pigs instead.  Why the name Holstein if there's a bunch more pigs everywhere?. . We each ordered one of many burgers listed. Cooked perfectly to order.  The shakes looked good.  Some blended with alcohol.. . My only con - wimpy and very lukewarm fries.  Like they've been sitting around awhile.. . $34 p/p inc tax and tip.
Just stopped in here for a couple of drinks before hitting the airport (gotta make sure my husband is good and medicated) but had a nice experience. The beer taps were plentiful and well-chosen, the wine list short but appealing. Service was very attentive, and I mysteriously got a really huge pour on my second glass of wine (maybe because I was the first one that day to pronounce Viognier correctly?).
My favorite place for a quick-ish bite on the Strip.  The Cosmo rocks and everything here, from the large selection of beer, to the awesome appetizers (try the bao/steamed bun sliders) to the yummy burgers is great. . . Advice: get the skinny fries and a shake too!
This place looked interesting when I was walking through the Cosmopolitan on my way to another restaurant, so we went back a few days later. . . We were not starving, so we opted to share a burger, appetizer and milkshake.  If you're really hungry, you'll be able to finish a burger and shake with no problem. . They brought out a snack of salt and vinegar popcorn to everyone's table and this stuff is awesome. You'll be asking for another bucket of it.. . We had the Drunken Monkey milkshake and it was everything you want an alcoholic milkshake to be.  I would imagine that all the different flavors would be as well.  . . We ordered the buffalo chicken wing dip as an appetizer.  I've made this stuff at home and loved it, but wasn't thrilled with their take on it.  It was more like a creamy ranch hot sauce mixture, and you couldn't really find the chicken.  It tasted ok, but it isn't something I'd order again. . . The burger was one of the best I've had.  It was the Steakhouse burger and we ordered it medium and it was cooked to perfection.  The flavors popped out all over the place.  If this review were based on the burger alone, I would have given it 5 stars.  Unfortunately, while tasty, the skinny fries were cold.  . . If you're on your way to the Wicked Spoon, save $20 and stop here instead.
Holsteins is a fun place to feed your face. Everything about it is whimsical and brash -- the food, the decor, the service -- but in a good way.. . I had the Korean Bull-golgi Burger, which is made with soy marinated beef and is topped with kimchee slaw, chili mayo, and a kalbi glaze. It's a mix of sweet, salty, and spicy, but what brings it all together is the runny fried egg. The burger is a knockout -- like a Taekwondo kick to your tastebuds!. . Not one to skip the opportunity to get liquored up, I also had the Campfire Smores shake. I couldn't really taste the vodka (a good thing perhaps) but the shake was really delicious. It made me feel like a kid again ... an alcoholic kid.
I am giving this place 3.5 stars. The service was weird from the start. We had a party of five, and they made us wait 10 minutes when the restaurant only had about 5 tables full. We sat down, were handed menus, and our waiter never came by for another 10 minutes. One of us had to ask someone for water, and ask for a waiter. The waiter also took forever to come back to take our orders.. . From there, it seemed like he tried to redeem himself the entire time. We finally ordered. I had the billionaire burger for $28. It was a kobe beef patty with foie gras, onions, frisee, and truffle mayo. The burger was really good and filling. I only ate half. It came with a  side of fries and I mistakenly chose the shoestring fries. The steak fries were much better. Oh yea, the waiter bought us buckets of fries while we waited for our food to try to suck up to us. It came with a house made ketchup that was really good. . . My friend's burger was sent back to the kitchen twice. He asked for a well done patty, and it came out super rare that it bled all over the plate. Second, they forgot the grilled onions.. . Lastly, the waiter called the manager over to give us free dessert of liquid nitrogen meringues. . . Overall, the burgers and fries were fine, but the service was weird.
Yum!!! This review is based on their milkshakes. Spiked milkshakes that is. After dinner, my friends and I went to the bar and wanted to try their milkshakes. My friend and I split the captain crunch milkshake. It is definitely better to share. It can be very heavy and they give you more than just one cup of it. They give you the left overs in another cup. You can definitely taste the alcohol in the shake, but it's not heavy enough that you will feel it unless you are low tolerance.. . I also got to try and grasshopper and the oreo shakes. Both of them were great as well. You can walk into the bar and seat yourself. We got there about 8:15pm and it was busy busy on a Friday night! . . Next time, I do want to try their food. :)
Well, just a few days ago I learned that Holsteins prepares a damn fine burger--and a superior Chocolate Shake!  After being escorted to a comfortable corner booth, we began with complimentary freshly popped Popcorn.  It was unnecessary but good.  . . Next came juicy Fried Pickles with a really good Caper Mayo Dressing.  A hot and crisp outer shell encased a scorching hot but very tasty pickle interior that truly satisfied after the breaded spears were dipped in the mellow mayo.  Meanwhile, I had a hard time deciding whether I preferred the delicious Chocolate Milk Shake with Chocolate Syrup or the thick and sweet Whipped Cream that took up one-fourth of the drink's height.  I even lamented to Diane that it was too bad that there wasn't more liquid in the shake until she reminded me that the silver canister set down on the table with the shake contained still more chocolatey fluid (about a quarter of a tall glassful).  And, so it did!    . . Then the burgers and fries arrived.  For me, a Classic with lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise, onions, and ketchup was medium rare as ordered, and happily contained no visible char.  There was an excellent grilled taste to the meat, and although the plain bun and solid sheet of green lettuce were not my favorites, there was no question that this was a top-tier burger, and I had no problem finishing off the ample half-pounder, along with the tasty Shoestring Fries that accompanied it.. . Meanwhile, Diane clearly enjoyed her medium-rare Nom Nom Burger with Kobe Beef and Cheddar Cheese, as well as fulfilling Fat Fries.  Our server was slow in executing what he promised, but was busy with a mostly full house and eventually came through with water refills, extra ketchup, and a salt shaker as hard driving music enveloped the cow-adorned dining room. . . It was a nice, filling, and satisfying dinner, which I expect to repeat despite the next day's uptick on the home scale.
Even if you don't grab a bite to eat here, you should stop for the shakes.  Either with alcohol or without.  They have some damn fine shakes.  I loved the s'mores one.  ugh. omg. delicious.
Aged goat cheddar on a cheeseburger is pretentious - but lucky for me, I adore pretentious food. . . Holsteins is fantastic. I read that they specifically created the restaurant for the Cosmopolitan, which I'm assuming is true because they both have a very cool, similar vibe. . . The alcoholic milkshakes are amazing (try the Oreo - it comes with Bailey's) and the popcorn that comes on the table is magical. I don't know what their secret ingredient is but I need to find out. . . My only complaint (and not even that) was that there are flat screens everywhere showing football games. My boyfriend was glued to the screen, which was great for him, but made me slightly annoyed since I don't care for sports. . . There are also endless options for how you want your burger. Being a cheese snob, I had to go with the stinkiest ones possible - it takes burgers to the next level. I opted for a regular beef burger but the lamb burger sounded amazing - can't wait to try it next time - because I will definitely be back.
two of the best burgers i have ever had. period.
Worth it for the billion dollar burger!  . . My yelp friend Nelson F. recommended this place to me for the foie burger, and man, it did not disappoint!  My date is a massive foie lover so of course he opted for extra foie.  It made a delicious creamy compliment to the burger.  The burger is usually $28 and was $40 with the extra foie.  . . I had the Korean hot dogs and we split an order of the Maine lobster roll.  Neither was particularly impressive - the lobster roll was the salad kind, which I don't like.  The Korean hot dogs were adorable but nothing spectacular.  . . With that being said, however, the foie burger was amazing, the service was attentive and friendly, and I loved the adorable vibe inside.  I'll definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
I'd say the environment is a 5 and the food and service is about a 3.5. . . Really nice environment and the art on the walls is fun. Whoever put this place together did a fantastic job. . . We had a bit of a problem with getting our food- it took a very long time. Anyways, the staff seems to generally be pretty nice. . . The food is pretty decent. The Almond Joy shake I had was very good. The kobe burger I had was really decent but not great. There was almost none of the 1000 island dressing the menu mentioned on the burger. Fries are pretty good as well. Of the 5 of us, most of us thought it was solid one thought it was great and one did not care for their sandwich. . . All in all, I'd go back but wouldn't make it a "must goto" destination like Nobhill Tavern is for me.
Nice high end burger joint at the Cosmopolitan right across from the Marquee Club.. . I came with a my Vegas local friend to grab a bite before watching our show Zarkana and decided to eat here since it wasn't too far from the Aria. Like all the other restaurants in the Cosmopolitan are trendy just like the hotel, the music was loud and the decor around the restaurant was fun to look at especially the Holstein's Bull right across from the bar. . . I ordered the Captain Hook that had raw and grilled salmon all on one burger and I thought was very unique and my friend ordered the Rising Sun Burger that included Kobe beef and tempura avocado. We both shared each others burgers to get a taste and we loved it but it was pricey just like everything  else inside the Cosmopolitan but who cares if you just want to relax with friends and family and have a great time. Our meals included strong fries and for the appetizer we got the lobster quesadilla and complimentary popcorn.  Service here was excellent and I'll definitely be back to try other burgers on the menu.
I ordered my burger well done, that was my bad. I couldn't taste the juicy burger in all of its glory. The sweet potatoe fries were bomb and very tasty. . . My only dissapointment was the alcoholic milkshakes. I barely tasted any booze what so ever. I don't believe that a one ounce shot for a big milkshake will do it!. . Service rocks, the atmosphere was banging and tables clean. My only other grip were the bathrooms, only 1 person per shitter is wack for the volume of people at this place.
5 stars for the food, minus 1 star for the service. . . My fellow Yelpers, you did not disappoint. My friend and I came here after reading reviews on Yelp. We always like to try new things, so this was a perfect opportunity. . . I had the Billionaire Burger, and yes, it is DEFINITELY worth the $28!! After California banned foie gras, I was heart broken. I didn't know when I will be able to eat it again, so when I saw the Billionaire Burger on the menu, I had to get it!. . This burger is made with kobe beef, FOIE GRAS, port onion marmalade, frisee, and truffle mayo. This burger is packed with a punch of flavor and textures that all mesh so well together. I usually get cheese on my burgers, but I opted out this time since there's so many flavors going on already. If you absolutely need some cheese, I'd probably recommend a mild cheese like provolone or gruyere. . . When the burger was set down in front of me, my jaw just about dropped to the floor. There was a HUGE piece of grilled foie gras on my burger. I was expecting small pieces or even just a pate version, but no, I was wrong. The foie gras was so creamy and the truffle mayo was so earthy and packed a punch. There was small pieces of truffle in the mayo! You definitely get the bang for your buck here. The burger came with a choice of shoestring fries (which I recommend since they are so crunchy) or steak fries. . . Another tip. If you check in with Foursquare, you get a free house draft beer or margarita. I don't know how long this offer lasts, but give it a try. . . For the service, it was just non existent. Our server took so long to take our orders. We sat at the table for about 10 min after she took our order to get our drinks. I think she just wasn't in the mood to be at work, but still, you can't let the customers know that. . . All in all, yes, I definitely felt like a Billionaire eating that burger, and that burger was probably the best fancy burger I had in my life! I can't wait til I go to Vegas again.
What a cute theme for a restaurant.  Holsteins offers burgers, fries, and shakes as well as some salads and other sandwiches.  Cute cow theme throughout the restaurant.  . . On this day we stopped in for lunch and a drink.  We had a cocktail and I had some sliders with fries.  I originally didn't think that it would be enough food but it turned out to be plenty.. . They offer adult shakes with booze in them, which is always a fun idea.  I stuck to one of their specialty cocktails, which was very tasty and actually had some booze in it.  . . Service was quick, friendly and efficient, a nice stop while touring the Cosmopolitan casino.
The burgers here look great, sound great, taste good but are overpriced.  The fries and onion rings are good as well.  The real superstar at Holsteins is their adult milk shakes omg to die for!
OH. MY. GOD. How have I not reviewed this place before? I was relatively sure I had.... . First of all, this place seems to always be busy...and busy with beautiful people. It's a great place to people watch and/or gawk.. . The burgers are awesome and I'm a huge fan of the Chicken Caesar Salad. The chicken is grilled to perfection- juicy, moist, and flavorful. . . Naturally, I'll be back!
These burgers are really melt in your mouth delicious!! I had the El Machete burger which was topped with an Anaheim chile, pepper jack cheese, onions and a spicy sauce. It was a perfect burger. I wish they had a Holsteins in San Diego. My wife had the Maine lobster roll which she enjoyed a lot but thought it was too small. She should have had one of the burgers because they are all huge. So if you looking for a great burger in Vegas come here and your stomach will thank you.
When I had to make my way across the "skywalk" to work on the other side of the street, I always took a "short cut" through the Cosmo upstairs.  After our dinner at China Poblano, I learned to pay more attention to what else was up there, which was the reason why I zeroed in on Holstein's.  And hey - any restaurant serving burgers that even utilizes the COW'S FREAKIN' NAME, had better be ready to 'bring it', as far as I'm concerned.  So when Bear and I selected it for our burger fix, we were prepared for - at the very least - a 'transformative experience.'. . So was it THAT kind of deal? Nope, not really.  But you could do SO much worse.. . First of all - as promised - I have to give a shout-out to our server, Amanda.  Just that right, attractive combination of smiles, sass and 'savoir faire'' (NOTE TO MANAGERS: GET this woman a raise, STAT!) I've always loved that in the better restaurants in town, the staff always have an 'inside/out' knowledge of the menu and the daily specials, and in this particular area, Amanda did not disappoint. (Which is why Holstein's gets an extra star.)  With so many different styles of burger to choose from, it could have been an all-day task to select just one, but with her help, I chose the Nom-Nom Burger ($16.50), while Bear went "classic" and got the Gold Standard ($17.50). . . Pricey? Well, DUH! What does anybody expect when they're using Kobe and dry- aged sirloin to craft the frickin' burgers? (And don't forget - this IS a 'Strip' joint we're talking about here, people!) And while we waited - but not for long - we got to check out the unique decor that included anime-style artwork of the Holstein's "mascot".  Cute...especially considering that he's on the menu as well as the wall!. . For our 'intro', we had the Buffalo Chicken Dip ($12.00) a cluckin'-good twist on chili con queso served with warm tortilla chips, and Bear's 'de rigeur' item to try, the Cuban Street Tacos ($13.00) a delicious menage-a-trois of roast pork, ham and Swiss lovingly drizzled with pickle and spicy mustard aioli. The bite I had of one of them made me wonder if I should've gotten a separate appetizer as well..... . And then came the burgs.  Bear liked his Standard just fine, and I added some 'meat candy' (aka BACON!) to my Nom-Nom for about two bucks more. I didn't know if I expected a burger with barbecue potato chips and 1000 Island dressing to actually work, but damn if didn't, and in quite a tasty way, too. (But then again...name one thing that doesn't taste better with bacon on it.)  It was quite the stunning companion to my Frozen Grasshopper Shake ($11.00).  And the fries served with were just the way I like them: crispy, spicy shoestrings, with none of the greasiness you get from other burger joints.. . So, sure, Holstein's is giving up burgers, but not at Jack-In-The-Box prices, so it's always best to keep that in mind.  And as repeat visits go, I think we can file this one under "Special Occasions" mostly.  And we will always ask to be seated in Amanda's section...
My girlfriend and I were hanging out in City Center before a show and decided to swing in for an appetizer and a drink.. . Staff was courteous and after a bit of a wait (it was a Saturday night) we were seated. The atmosphere is very unique, I liked the theme, the decor, and the artwork, however morbid it may be (one picture is of an animated cow who has cut his own heart out, and admiring how delicious it looks). But overall a fun experience.. . We ordered the Holstein Beef sliders and some sweet potato fries, as well as their Campfire Smores shake. The sliders were great, the beef in particular was awesome, I'd love to go back for one of their 8oz. full size burgers. The fries were my favorite, I've had several from all around, and I think these were the best sweet potato fries I've had yet. The shake was also very very good, and I recommend that if you're trying the full experience, to order a shake with your meal. It tasted exactly as described, with graham cracker bits mixed throughout.. . Great food, good service, and a fun atmosphere with lots of people, music playing; an overall great time.
Really fun place with good food.  I went on a Sunday and the place was full of guys who were enjoying the football games.  It made it a really fun atmosphere.  Plenty of tvs to watch different games, and the restaurant area is far enough away from the bar that you are not disturbed by crowd.. The service was fabulous and food quite enjoyable.  We had a good variety and everything was tasty.  I'd definitely recommend this place and go back if i'm in the area.
If you're looking for a snack that isn't sushi or tapas, and maybe a cocktail to go with it, this is a decent place in the Cosmopolitan.  I had a cobb salad and spicy Bloody Mary, which were both totally worthwhile.  I nibbled on my wife's sliders too, which were excellent.. . Prices are about what you'd expect on the Strip, but the service was better than one might expect.  Bottom line, we were happy and full after our visit here.
If youre looking for fantastic service and great food then this is the place. I was with a group of 23 celebrating a 21st bday. We had one server with an assistant to help her & they didnt miss a beat! I never went empty on my drink and she checked in on us efficiently.. . The decor was cute, lots of pigs and cows. They had this cute whimsical looking pig on an 18"x18" glass connected to eachother as wall seperators.. . We started with appetizers: Deep Fried Pickles-fried deliciousness; Redneck poppers-pulled bbq pork w/cheddar cheese formed in a ball & deep fried, they were amazing & I didnt want to share! Lobster Rolls-served on mini hot dog style buns, filled with a lobster filling-it was okay but couldnt taste the lobster, you got 2 mini's for $14, Lobster Mac-n-Cheese was incredible & I would order a full size order for myself! The Gold Standard burger was cooked to perfection and you cant go wrong with bacon on it! We passed around a few different milkshakes and they were very good.. . My only suggestion to them was to offer snack size plates of absolutely everything on the menu because I couldnt decide which yumminess to try!! I will definitely go back on my next visit to Vegas!
Last minute Sunday night decision as my friends were staying at the Cosmopolitan for the Rock and Roll Half.   So no reservations and the wait was not that bad although it was fairly packed.   As a party of five we got drinks in the lounge while waiting for our table.  I had a cake martini and it was delicious.  Loved the sprinkles around the rim.  Once seated for dinner the waiter suggested the Gold Standard as it was fairly popular and it didn't disappoint.  One of the best burgers I've ever had, actually.  I split this with my boyfriend along with an order of sweet potato fries and onion rings.  Everything was good and service was friendly.  It is the Strip so the menu is priced accordingly.
Yum!. . We ventured here last week for a late dinner before hitting the clubs and bars.  We didn't have reservations and were able to wait a couple of minutes at the bar and get two seats together.. . The bartender was awesome...right on top of us anytime we needed anything and was great with her suggestions.. . I ordered the turkey burger sliders (or something like that)....YUM.  I am not a fan of turkey burgers, but I didn't want to have red meat in my stomach all weekend...so I gave these a shot.  So glad I did.  I was craving them the next day for lunch!. . We will definitely return to Holsteins on our next visit to Vegas and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area.
This is probably one of the very few places I'd recommend on the strip. It has really good burgers shakes and fries. The Golden Standard Burger was really good I've also tried the Rising sun it's good as well just not my type of hamburger.  Slightly pricey but you're paying to eat on the strip and this place has better standards when it comes to quality. . It's def a happening spot as well . When family and friends come into town this is probably where i'll be taking them on the strip.
This is the place for delicious burgers, sweet potato fries and alcoholic shakes.  My burger was so perfectly cooked and tasty.  The sweet potato fries and shakes were delicious and prepared just right.  I will warn you though the quantities are large so come hungry or else you will be able to finish your meal.
Had the Gold Standard with Skinny Fries... all were pretty good, Place is a little tight for a person in a wheelchair but managed through the lounge area. . Would definitely go back again.
foie gras and truffle oil on a kobe beef burger patty cooked medium... ummm DELISH.  $28 for this biliionnaire burger was totally worth it. . . whole fried pickles with aioli... genius! it was amazing.. . complimentary salt and vinegar popcorn... so yum.. . The reason why i give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because we waited FOREVER for our waiter to come by to take our order. in fact, we started building a three foot fort on our table with the menus and silverware to get someone's attention. it worked.
Been hearing all about Holsteins and the all natural, hormone free premium beef they use for their burgers so you know I just had to see what this higher end burger joint was all about.. . My burger was Kobe Beef glazed in Teriyaki sauce and topped with Furikake, and crispy yam that were shaved into long thin ribbons..I did take a picture but the photo turned out too dark. The burger was real lean, no dripping grease, but lacking in the seasonings for my taste.  I did like it but just the burger by itself was a just a bit bland for me. Mr.B  approved the Longhorn burger.  It was their beef burger with beef brisket.  . . Also a winner was the Crispy Pork Belly Buns in the Little Buns (aka sliders) section.  The buns were pressed Chinese buns. The pork belly skin was crisp and the meat was tender.  I was very pleased with the hoisin sauce that topped it. Mildly sweet and a good complement for the pork belly. . . Servings were big..and so were the prices, but well worth the expense. Ambiance wise, casual although the front lobby area is really LOUD.  I couldn't hear even myself talk! Nor anyone else for that matter. I don't know how their hostesses handle repeating themselves all day long.  Our servers were did great for being super busy that evening. The quoted wait time to be seated was 15 minutes, but we didn't wait that long at all. . . They have some fun booze shake flavors but I wasn't in the mood for it since I already had my fill of sweets earlier in the day. Most definitely will come back and make it a point to try them since this place is a keeper for our lunch dates.
Best burger I ever ate...... Not even, but it is worth a visit.  I went with the "Billionaire Burger" .  Kobe beef patty with Foie Grais.....$28.00 with fries.  After the California ban on Foie Grais I'm desperate anytime its on the menu I go hard!  Decent slice couldn't focus on the FG and that's a bummer!  Kobe is illegal in the US so their blowing smoke when it's on the menu!  Need to clarify its "Kobe Style " not real Kobe!. Anywho.... Burger was very good not in the class of the "Black Label" burger at the Minetta Tavern but flavorful nonetheless.  . Overall skip it and go with the classic unless your a FG freak!
Super close to a 5 for me, but just a few things knocked it down to a 4.5.. . Food: Definitely had a great time eating some CRAZY good food :]. - Popcorn: Omg our group devoured these. Salt and Vinegar Popcorn was amazing. Thank God the first tin was free.. - BamBOOZEled Shakes: Shakes with Booze in them :]. I don't remember the names of them, but I really enjoyed the one with the Cereal in it. Sweet, Creamy, and still had the alcohol taste to it.. - BURGERS, OMG SUPER GOOD. My friends NOMed on the El Machete (they suggest you add an Egg in it too!). It has a good kick to it. I had the Rising Sun, and the Avocado Tempura was the part that simply made it spectacular. Shredded Fried Yam and Teriyaki Sauce were a great touch to make it look super lovely.. - Fries: NOOOOO This was a major downfall. Were pretty bland and tasteless. Wish they had more seasoning or something to it!. . Service: Our table liked our waitress. One guy at our table was pretty much "Well she's for sure getting a 20% tip at least". She was super friendly, threw in some cool jokes, got us some more free popcorn, helped us take a picture, and all with a genuine smile. Definitely the made the night a whole lot better. She was a bit busy, but she came by exactly when we needed it.. . Atmosphere: This place has a strange, but great mix of cuteness and casualness. The cartoonish artwork creates a light and whimsical setting, but the lighting and decor definitely bump this place towards a lounge sort of feel. Our group enjoyed it and it fit perfectly into the Vegas atmosphere.. . Price: I'm not complaining to be honest, since I feel like I got what I paid for. Though numerically I spent around $30-$40 (For a shake, and burger) it seemed well worth it to me.. . Overall Opinion: There were a few things that just dropped this place from a 5. Lack of solid fries, a tinnnnnny bit pricey on the shakes, and just that ounce of "THIS THING IS SOMETHING EVERYONE SHOULD TRY" was missing.. However despite that, this place clearly has a great variety on their menu, solid use of organic and high grade ingredients, and a unique atmosphere for the hip and casual crowds. I'm excited to come back here to try another Shake and Burger!
On my most recent Vegas getaway of sorts, I ate the whole time.  This conclusion didn't arise until a particularly high volume of repeated similar questions.  That strong indicator surmised each time a "How was Vegas?" came up.   . . One of my favorite landing spots was Holsteins.  Who doesn't like a good burger?  A vegetarian may raise their hand.  Even then, these burgers may sway the opinion of the strongest vegetarian for one meal.  . . We moseyed on in around 2:30 in the afternoon for a late lunch.  . . Opening up the menu, besides the fascinating selection of shakes were the prices.  Expect price ranges to reach double digits.  I was really tuned into the Rising Sun so I got that.  Our waiter persuaded Bun into ordering their award winning burger.  I'm sure the fact the waiter was good looking had nothing to do with her decision either.  I just want to throw that out there for giggles..   . Generally, I dislike teriyaki sauce.  The Rising Sun I ordered really shed a new light on my view of it.  Glazed with a teriyaki sauce, it meshed amazingly with the spicy mayo.  "Kobe beef", honestly labeled or not, was cooked medium on request.  Biting down to notice a dash of furikake was probably the biggest glowing surprise.  Lastly, the best part of the burger was certainly the tempura avocado.  Not only adding a different layer of texture, it added a good combined taste.  Come on.  Who doesn't like tempura?  . . Add all that up produces an ultra surreal burger experience.  . . As a side note since note, Bun's Gold Standard was a big thumbs up.  In her case, you could say little thumbs up.  Speechless through the first few bites, she almost finished the burger.  I'll have to try it next time.  Knowing me, I'd end up getting the Rising Sun again since it was so good..  . Bright graphics on the wall are very energetic and lively.  Service was cordial.  It conveyed a vibe of a high class Hooter's.  That is with 10,000% better food, minus the Hooter's girls of course.  . . Now, you may be wondering.  Where can you find this joint?  It's right in the Cosmopolitan.  Find it yet?  Enjoy their solidly made burger and thank me when your're done.
I hate burgers....but I love Holsteins. This may be the only burger joint I will ever enjoy. As a designer, I could not get enough of their lollipop art on the walls and their cow pop art partitions. Baby face cows can be very amusing. . . Their selection of food is comprehensive, and all our stuff was delish. We had a Machete with chicken, and Tuna sliders wrapped in lettuce. The chicken meat was tasty and cooked to perfection, with nice smoked mayo on the side. My Ahi tuna sliders were perfect little rectangles of tuna evenly cooked on the outside and perfectly raw on the inside. Spicy mayo went well. Refreshing breakfast.. . I just wish I tried the alcoholic shakes(I normally hate shakes), because they l and looked amazing with all the chocolate and oreos and liqueurs....welll, till next time!. . Oh, they could offer more selections of meat items- mostly beef oriented. Imagine a minced pork burger- super awesome!
Will keep going back over and over again...third time and never let's down...!! Great job Holstein's ! . . Just jump all over the menu and it's an experience renewed !!
I really enjoyed my meal at Holstein's when we visited Las Vegas last week.  It is one of those places that executes both substance and style very well.  I loved the theme and all of the art and design elements here.  I also really liked the food too.  It was just a good all around dining experience.. . My order consisted of the Nom Nom Burger (Kobe Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Potato Chips, 1000 Island Dressing) and sweet potato fries.  Both were good, and I was very happy with what I chose to order.  The only thing that was not good was the complementary can of popcorn that was brought to our table while waiting for our food.  It had an excessive amount of sauce on it that tasted like butter mixed with vinegar.  Otherwise, I was very satisfied. . . There are lots of choices of places to eat when on the strip in Las Vegas, but I was glad that we came across Holstein's.  I was pleasantly surprised with my lunch, and I would love to eat here again the next time I am in Las Vegas.
Wait a minute... They have alcoholic milkshakes? I can't believe I missed out on that.. . I had already been drinking and was coming in for a couple of brews. The service at the bar was great. The beers on tap were fresh and refreshing. . . Other than beers, we only ordered the fries and they were damn good. I would definitely come back here if I ever got stuck at the Cosmo again.
Love this place!  Everything that we had on our last visit was excellent:. -Ahi sliders: fantastic!. -Ahi poke: excellent fish and create flavor. -Fun-ghi Burger:  nice portabello, meat cooked the way I like, just too big!. -Tiramisu Baboozled Share:  very sweet, but very good. . The service was very attentive--not too much, not too little.  He was friendly and willing to share opinions and views on anything offered.   My only complaint about the whole meal was that I ordered a nice Orval beer to go with the burger and it was served cold as if it was  Bud Light or something.  Orval should never be served that cold!   After cupping my hands around the glass for a while it warmed up to a better temperature and the flavor came out as it should.. . We'll be back!
im a sucker for anything that comes with a fried egg on top of it.  if you are too, try the Hen House Burger which is basically a bacon cheeseburger with...you guessed it, a fried egg! so good! each burger come with a choice of either matchstick fries or steak fries.. . now, for what i really took away from this meal.. . please please please order the Drunken Monkey Milkshake.  it is a Reeses, banana, malt and it is extraordinary.  it comes with liquor in it, hence the name of the shake itself but i got the virgin version and im sure its equally as good.  i guess mine was more like the Sober Monkey Milkshake. . anyways, get it!
This update/review is based on dining room seating and only ordering milkshakes.. . My friend and I decided we needed something sweet after our lunch at Social House. I have never had any of the "Bamboozled" shakes at Holsteins, but considering I was right there at Cosmo and I wanted a milkshake.... . I had the Drunken Munkey. A favorite of my friend and well - it was delicious. I would go back for this shake, over and over again. It was perfect.. . Our server was nice too, even though we were just ordering shakes she didn't seem to mind. . . We did have a hiccup at the hostess stand while attempting to sit in the lounge and being rebuffed, but I can let that slide since the milkshake was so good.. . When I come back next time it will be for some food and a milkshake.
My first night at the Cosmo I went looking for a good dinner place... I wanted one that was comfortable and not too stuffy, what can I say I wanted to stay in my jeans and flip-flops all night.  I walked past Holsteins thinking that it would be like a TGI Friday's or something.  The appearance of the place was relaxed and that's just the type of food and menu I expected.  Boy was I wrong, this place is gourmet burger mecca with a very beer and wine menu to choose from.. . Our group was seated quickly and we decided to order drinks.  Good new Cider beer fans, you have 3 options to chose from hear and I can now confirm that they are all delicious.  The raspberry cider was the best I think!  They have an extensive beer and wine list as well, so whatever your heart desires is available.. . Appetizers were both good, we had Redneck Poppers and the wings.  Poppers were very unique and good, I would order those again for sure.  The wings were very spicy so if you like the feeling of your lips burning, then this is the place for you.. . For dinner I had the Longhorn Burger, that's bbq pulled pork on a beef patty.  It was very messy to devour but was good eats for sure!  I didn't get any cole slaw on my burger because I don't like it but usually this burger comes with it.  I also ordered steak fries, they were plain old steak fries but are always a favorite of mine.. . I didn't have a shake or dessert on this visit but I did see several pass by our table and they all looked amazing!. . Next time you're in the Cosmo and looking for a high-end burger in a casual atmosphere, this is the place for you.
Definitely liked this place. That said, it's a bit overpriced. But it's worth it, I guess.. . My partner and I split the fried pickles, which I like to do everywhere we go, since they're my favorite. These ones were acceptable (I've had much better). We both ordered a "grown-up" shake, which were AMAZING (albeit expensive). Wrapped up with a couple of burgers, which were the best I've had in a while.. . Service was great. If I'm in Vegas again soon, I'll be back.
Burger heaven.. . If this place were 25% or more cheaper, it would receive the coveted 5 star review from me. Let me explain:. . Gourmet burger. "Kobe beef" (since there isn't actually such a thing as kobe beef in the US), teriyaki glaze, furikake, crispy yam, tempura fried avocado whaaaaaaaaaat? Yep. Tempura fried avocado. First time i've ever had it. Definitely not the last time i'll ever want it. Add in a fried egg and you're golden like the rising sun.. . Ok, bad jokes aside, this place is definitely a legit burger spot and well worth trying out. It's about $20 bucks for a burger, so be weary about that!
This place has been on my bucket for a while, going back to when I lived in Vegas.  When we had the opportunity to eat her on a recent visit, I couldn't say no.  After browsing the menu, I decided to go with the The Longhorn (Burger, Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Cole Slaw, Pickle), $16.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=l0ExJUbDA_O0mX8qkPR_2Q#l0ExJUbDA_O0mX8qkPR_2Q. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=GccYBoYbiRiDZTNsbEyRtg#GccYBoYbiRiDZTNsbEyRtg. . I tookone bite of the Burger and fell in love with it.  The combination of Beef Brisket with the Burger was awesome.  The BBQ Sauce gave it a tangy flavor while the Slaw softened it up with a sweet, creamy flavor.....yum!. . One thing though about this restaurant....the floor is really slippery.  Wifey almost fell walking in heels because it was so slippery.  While we were dining, we saw a few more people slip as well.  The floor wasn't wet or anything like that, I think it just gets slippery when it's clean....probably over-polished.. . Despite that danger, we'll be back.. . Return Factor - 95%
This place is by far one of the best places to get a good quality burger in Vegas. The Machete burger is my favorite. This is a trendy little spot at the Cosmo, so you're also paying for the ambiance, not just the meal.. . Overall, if you're looking for a fun setting with tasty food and not afraid to spend a few dollars more, I highly recommend it!
What's not to like about great burgers and even better shakes (especially when you can get them with alcohol in them). Holsteins is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and just like the hotel has quite the vibe to it. There is open seating in the bar area but if you get there early enough you can get a seat in the dining area. . . Typically when I have friends in town, we seem to end up at Holsteins (either because they want to try it or they are staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel). Either way, it's a great way to enjoy some pretty good burgers (but be prepared to spend a bit of money as the prices are definitely not that inexpensive).. . There is definitely a large selection of alcoholic beverages that you can choose from, but I definitely recommend the adult shakes that they have. Between my friends and I we tried the Drunken Monkey, Oreo, and Cereal Bowl (tastes just like Captain Crunch). For burgers, we've tried quite a few of the different burgers - The Classic, The Longhorn (with beef brisket as well), The Rising Sun (asian flavors with teriyaki sauce), The Fun-Ghi (with assorted mushrooms), the El Machete (with an anaheim chili - sounds spicy, but it really is not, it's good, but it could use some more spice), and of course, the Billionaire Burger (kobe beef patty with foie gras). The Billionaire burger is what a lot of people like to try (especially those from California that can't get their foie gras anymore. You can also add a fried egg to your burger (which I recommend) - just to make it even more tasty with another layer of flavor.. . The burgers also come with either shoestring or steak cut fries. I have ordered a side salad (to try and be a little healthier - although not by much since we were indulging in a burger), and was disappointed that they charged $2 extra dollars for the substitution of a side salad over the fries (and it wasn't even a large salad). I guess next time I'll just indulge in the fries.. . Overall, a great place to hang out with your friends, get some good burgers and have a lot of drinks. I'd definitely recommend enjoying the Billionaire Burger at least once.
I've been in LA too long. I've missed gambling and people who smoke indoors. So, during a much-needed trip to Las Vegas, I decided to stop in to Holsteins to see how these alcohol-infused milkshakes and gourmet burgers compare to the ones in the City of Angels.. . After winding my way through the Cosmopolitan Hotel past the Chandelier Bar, I spotted the decorative pink-and-white plastic cow emblazoned with the Holsteins logo. At the restaurant, you have the option of sitting at the bar, in the dining area or in the lounge up front, which is composed of some low-riding couches and decorative cartoon tables. I opted to sit in the more traditional dining room because I felt like the seriousness with which I was ready to eat could not be done in a reclining position.. . The cocktail menu is awfully impressive, but I knew that I wanted to try one of the alcoholic milkshakes because, obviously. I chose the Tiramisu Milkshake, and, my goodness, it was good. The milkshakes are all $11, but at least they give you the fancy glass as well as the tin container filled with the remaining shake. The tiramisu shake is made with mascarpone ice cream, ladyfinger cookie crumbs, Patron Cafe, chocolate syrup, cocoa powder and espresso beans. The shake was thick, chocolatey, liquory and delicious. It was the perfect dessert.. . I also ordered a Gold Standard Burger ($17.50), which is a burger topped with smoked bacon, goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic-chive aioli. My main complaint about the menu is that half of the burgers listed aren't really burgers -- they're fish, fowl or veggie patties, which is totally uninteresting to me. So, as for actual beef patties, there aren't too many to choose from.. . The burger I ordered was still great. It was cooked medium-rare when I requested medium, but I really don't care too much unless I catch salmonella and die. The patty was flavorful. The toppings were pretty good (especially the aioli and cheese), but were not anything that would be my first choice in burger toppers. I was delighted that the burger was so sizable and filling, and it even came with a side of delicious, crunchy, salty shoestring fries.. . The waitress was fantastic. She helped us navigate the menu and was patient with our indecision, and she was also very friendly and stayed to shoot the breeze with us for a while, which made the whole experience a lot more fun and personable. Both the shakes and burgers were brought out quickly, which I appreciated very much because I could not wait another moment to dive into this restaurant's offerings.. . The meal was expensive, but everything was delectable. You won't be hungry again for a good long while after dining at Holsteins.. . They even let us take our alcohol in to-go cups so we could finish drinking while we walked around. I could have cried. Oh, how I've missed Nevada, the land free from open container laws.
Great service from Amanda. Great atmosphere. Great food. Only thing that would have made it better? Lower prices. Hurts the wallet when lunch costs $30!
We wandered around trying to find some good grub from Paris, to Cosmopolitan, and were soo happy to stumble onto Holsteins. ONe look at the menu and we were sold. We had the pork belly mini sliders, Almond Joy shakes, chicken fingers, sweet potato fries and the pumpkin shake. Sooo good!!! We might even go back today to try  different burgers!
The Lobster mac N Cheese was on point! Absolutely delicious. Especially as a ravenous person when I entered the restaurant. Boy, was I starving. Sadly, I forgot the name of our burgers and way too lazy to look it up right now but I definitely enjoyed mine and my friends. I had a chicken burger and she had regular ole red meat. Both tasted wonderfully and full of flavor. Definitely going to have to try their alcoholic shakes next time.
came here with new coworkers . very nice and cute decor . massive sized burgers and free beers with foursquare check-in . ordered 'The Rising Sun' new and tangy teriyaki - nori added a nice japanese flavor . massive avocado tempura which i took out and ate together with the burger - it was too big to eat with it inside the burger lol . Next time will try the "shakes" - very good customer service . strongly recommended
Very good, lots of different beers, good shoestring fries, Kobe burger was good
This would be 5 stars and I'm sad I can't give it to them, but I rate restaurants based on the total experience, service included, beginning to end. . . Here's the experience summed up: . . Positives:. +Amazing burgers! Lots of variety, juicy meat, awesome ingredients and toppings that you can add, etc. . + Amazing milkshakes. Both alcoholic and non alcoholic. We had the tiramisu and the cookies and cream alcoholic ones. Super yummy.. + The Mac and cheese was frickin' delicious! Omg I could eat that stuff forever. Bonus: it had lobster in it!. + Cool atmosphere. . + Our waitress once we got seated at an actual table was really attentive, nice, and she was great. Definitely helped make up for the bad things at the beginning of our experience . . Negatives, kinda went over it but I'll go over it again:. - hostess lost our place in line, or didn't bother putting our names down to begin with.. - We were offered a table in the lounge area. Sat there for about fifteen minutes and no one paid us any attention.. . I'm definitely coming back every time I go to Vegas. I wish they had a location near me. And who knows, if my experience is good next time ill change my rating to a five.
:-). +Korean Hot Dogs - nice sear on the casing, touch of heat from kimchee and chili mayo. +Maine Lobster Roll - nice and refreshing with the chive aioli and coleslaw. +The Classic with Cheddar --to share. +Oreo with a double shot. . Definitely would visit again to tryother items on the menu.
My husband and I tried this place after reading all of the rave reviews.  We went on a Saturday night and sat at the bar.  Our service was great from beginning to end, and the food was definitely something to write home about. . . ~Mac n Cheese -- Delicious!. ~Burger  -- GREAT! . ~Grasshopper Milkshake -- I wanted another! Haha. . We will definitely be back  =)
Tiramisu alcoholic shake was absolutely epic.  . Usually cant muster up the stomach to finish off a hard alcohol shake but handled this one like a champ, mainly because it was sooo freaking delicious.  . . Harviestoun Old Engine Oil porter from England accompanied my hot wings perfectly, too bad the wings weren't very good. . . But..... BUT....... The burger itself was ridiculously rich, flavorful and hit the spot on all sides.  . . It was the billionaire burger, which came with Kobe beef, black truffles and foie gras which is still legal everywhere else BUT California :(. . I stepped up this already $30 burger and added a lobster tail on for an extra $10.  . So what, Its not like I havnt already been throwing my money away in Vegas,  . . Verdict. EPIC. . One of the best burgers I have ever had, most credit going to the degree of the luxurious toppings but was a A standard burger either way
This place is very cool and hip with their Japanese-Anime looking cow decor and their alcoholic milkshakes. KNow that this place is in the Cosmopolitan, so nothing is cheap here folks. Burgers are from 14-19 a pop, and those damn milkshakes are 10 bucks and more. Yes, you heard that right- ten bucks. . . Burgers are good, however, there is nothing that sets them apart from other high end burger joints in Vegas, from Burger Bar, Le Burger to burGR.
I've been here around three times and its so good! The first time I got a their mini burger sliders (good), the second time the mini hot-dogs (so cute and yummy!) and the most recent time I ordered the lobster mac and cheese (amazing!) I went after Zarkana and had their late night menu. I think a restaurant that has a late night menu is awesome. Many restaurants close around 10-10:30 and I love when something is open later so I can eat a second quality dinner aka not fast food when I get hungry. . . I decided on the mac and cheese because 1. I love love love cheese and pasta and 2. Their lobster is flown in fresh in everyday which is appealing. The macaroni was so cheesy and I devoured it in 5 minutes. It also came with a chip that had some kind of lobster dip on it. Yum yum! The only thing that would have been better would be a larger portion; I thought it was a tad small. . . I also ordered the upside down cake martini. It was the best martini I ever had and finished it in five minutes. It was more of a dessert martini so if you're not a fan of that then I wouldn't get it. If they were cheaper I would have ordered a second. I would recommend this drink to anyone who loves girly drinks! I also recommend their adult milkshakes. Its a milkshake with liquor mixed in. The first time I tried one was their cereal one. I loved it because it was unique that you couldn't find it anywhere else which is a selling point for me. If you want a good meal-even if its late night- I recommend this place!
This is the 3rd time I've been to Holstein's and I have to say it's one of my favorite places on the strip! ;) . . The first two times I had a great experience, and so I will tell you about my 3rd. . . My two friends and I got there about 2pm on Saturday and the place was pretty jumping. Almost every time we have come it's been jumping so expect a 10-15 minute wait to get seated. We left our name with the cute hostess and  they took our phone number. Instead of using those little beeper things, they just text someone's phone in the group when your table is ready. I love technology. . . We waited in the Chandelier lounge and had a Fire-Breathing Dragon cocktail while we waited. It was a little pricey, but fun none the less. . . We got seated, and boom-got the complimentary Salt & Vinegar popcorn to start off and some chilled waters as soon as we sat down. . . After perusing the menu, which seems to get new items every few months, I chose the Portabello Mushroom burger and the Cereal Shake (made with 3 scoops vanilla ice cream,1 oz. vanilla vodka,  1/2 cup Cap'n Crunch cereal (dry),milk, as needed to get desired consistency,whipped cream (for garnish) and a shot of Whipped cream Vodka I think?) which tasted delicious! The shakes come in standard shake glass and make room for the extra they bring out in the silver shaker-bonus! My friends ordered the Billionaire burger ($28 -OUCH!) and the Tiramisu shake-and my other friend ordered the Gold Medallion burger I think it was? . . If your on a budget, the burgers and shakes are just big enough meal. to split between two people or a couple, in addition to the free Salt & Vinegar popcorn.. . Shakes came our first, which are almost a meal in themselves. The last two times I ordered the campfire smores and Almondy Joy (Cause I love chocolate) but decided to try the Cereal shake because I love cap'n crunch. I have to say I like the Tiramisu over my Cereal Shake which was super sweet. . . We ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese which is always good (wish they gave us a larger serving!) and we gobbled that dish down in no time between the 3 of us. . . Burgers showed up shortly after without a beat. I also ordered a fried egg  on mine. My meat was moist, the portobello succulent, the avocado delish, and the fried egg cooked just enough not to run all over the place. This burger is way too big to eat without spilling everywhere so I cut it in half to make it easier. The fries here are not my favorite, but come with meal, the onion rings were pretty good though.. . Though my burger was good, I tasted my friends billionaire burger and the aged-Kobe beef topped with Goose liver (which is why it was expensive) and I have to say her burger was better than mine. Don't know if I could justify the extra $12 for it. My other friend who is a big foodie, said his Medallion burger was one of the best burgers he's had in a restaurant, and he's a very picky foodie. . . All in all another great experience,  I like the hustle and bustle of the place, and all the good looking people in Cosmopolitan is never a let down. Thought he place is not cheap if your looking for an inexpensive place to eat, it's a fun experience overall and great to get a slight buzz from from a shake!. . *note* I went hope and napped after my amazing meal. . . Hope this helps!. . Cheers!. . ~MikeB
At the recommendation of a friend, we went to Holsteins and I really loved the place.  The atmosphere is just right with a cool, casual vibe.  I am in love with the little pig cow!. . But that's just a bonus to the menu that takes burgers & shakes to another level with gourmet touches.  I wanted to try everything on the menu and am jealous that there isn't a Holsteins in NYC so I can.  Korean Hot Dogs, The Rising Sun, and Billionaire Burger were all calling my name.. . I settled on The Fun-ghi beef burger with Gruyere, truffle oil, and portabello.  It was delicious and I could taste all the flavors. The patty is not oversized and very juicy.  I ordered medium temperature, but it came out more medium well however I didn't mind because it was still juicy.  Had the shoestring fries which were nice & crispy.. . We also had the Ahi Poke appetizer which came out at the same time as our burger.  It was fresh but theflavors were hard to taste but I think it's because the flavors of the burger overpowered while having both dishes at the same time.. . Of course, I had to have a shake but opted for a virgin strawberry shake because I didn't want to be tipsy for a wedding later that day.  But I SO wanted to try a bam-boozled shake like the Almond Joy.. . Even the complimentary popcorn was good and I'd buy bags of the stuff.  We had salt & vinegar popcorn, which is one of my favorite flavors.  . . Please, please open a location in NYC!!
Good food. Upscale burger place. Good service.. I had the Holstein beef - slider. Very good. We had some onion rings - good too.. Deep fried Zucchini is really good too.
I came here on 2 separate occasions. One was for happy hour, another was for lunch. Both times I had great, attentive service. Drinks were spot on- and the food was more than I could bear.. . During meal time, they give you a side of popcorn to start with. This is no regular popcorn either.. It's spiked with some kind of seasoning I can't figure out. Either way, it's an explosion in your mouth and your taste buds will be a little confused.. . Burgers are pretty massive. I got the Hen House. (Beef With Fried Egg, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato And Onion With Mustard & Ketchup) no mustard and no onion for me. But wow, the bacon in this burger was some thick cut bacon. And the egg of course made the burger sooo much better. I got a side of sweet potato fries and yea.. I couldn't finish my meal. Ha. My friend and I split a strawberry milkshake as well. Typical American burger meal . It was my last meal in Vegas. It certainly hit the spot and sent me home right. . . The restaurant is inside the beautiful Cosmpolitan right in front of Marquee entry. The ambiance of this place is so cute- almost similar to Toki Doki. I recommend it for a good happy hour and good bar bites.
I had a burger, fries, and beer for about 30 bucks. Burger was very tasty but the insides kept slipping out. Bacon was nice and thick.  Steak cut fries were similar to KFC potato wedges. Service was excellent. . Loved the waitress dress code
Food was good, service was great .. drinks were potent. After a big Saturday night out at STK (I'm not a fan of STK as you can see in my review of the place STK) and then we we were off to Milo's (Milo's was good).. we crashed out at the Cosmopolitan and hit up Holsteins for brunch on Sunday. . . Good Burgers and more liquor to the rescue. . . Ordering a round of Spicy Bloody Mary's for the group and an order of pizza empanadas got us started. Then it was on the the main course. Burgers!. . I had the "RISING SUN" burger and upon the up-sell suggestion of our server, I got a fried egg on the burger. I'm a sucker for an up-sell :] This burger was delicious, cooked well, too well in fact, but not dry by any  means (it was ordered med rare, but came out just over medium). No problem though, because delicious wins every time, and it was sooo delicious! Teriyaki flavor, fried egg and delicious tempura fried avocado. It's a lot of what I like about food under one bun. . . We had another round of spicy Mary's and then off for a nap. We loved it so much.. we went back the next day! Check it out, it's worth a trip. Happy Eating!
We had about a 20 minute wait to get a table, but it was ok. When we did get seated we ordered drinks... My husband had a beer of some kind, which he really liked, and I had an Oreo and bailey's milkshake, which was excellent. . . For dinner my husband ordered the Big Fat Greek - a spicy lamb burger. The burger was excellent. The feta cheese and tatziki sauce paired with the flavors of the meat very well. It was a great burger all-in-all. . . I ordered the Radicchio Steak Salad, and it was quite a disappointment. First off, I've ordered a Radicchio salad before, but the radicchio in this one was extremely bitter, so bitter I couldn't eat it. So I called the waiter back and told him it was extremely bitter. He was very obliging and offered to change the radicchio out for some regular greens, which I decided to take him up on. He also mentioned that a lot of patrons do this with the Radicchio Salad, which made me wonder why he hadn't offered to do this when we ordered, or warned me that the Radicchio would be bitter. Either way, they changed out my salad for no charge and brought back my steak on a bed of greens. The second thing I did not like in the salad was that the steak was done medium rare, and I like mine well done. I was not asked how I wanted it cooked, and when I asked to have it cooked a little more the waiter apologized and said it would not be possible due to safety regulations. Once a dish is plated and brought out to a customer, it cannot be put back in a pan. So I just ate a few bits of the steak. The rest of the salad was ok. The Dressing it came with was pretty tasty, but if I go back to Holsteins Shakes and Buns, I'll be sticking to a burger.
Great as far as a burger bar is concerned. Even though, I am not a fan of overpriced gourmet burgers in general. The price does not match the value.  The Gold Standard Burger was fantastic. It definitely made with quality beef and you can easily taste the difference from other burgers. But you can get similar quality at far better price from a restaurant burger.  My burger was a little dry from lack of a sauce but the meat was juicy. I added mustard that was provided on the table which complimented the cheese well. The milk shakes were over priced but the alcohol in them was undetectable. I found that to be a fun twist.
Our group was given a small bucket of salt and vinegar popcorn while we waited for our food.  We ordered a Golden Standard, Rising Sun, Steakhouse Burger some shoestring fries and sweet potato fries.  For dessert we had the Donut Slider.  The shakes (with or without alcohol) were tempting but most of us were lactose intolerant and we still had a long day ahead of us so we decided to skip it.. . Golden Standard: . You had me at bacon, goat cheese and garlic chive aioli.  The tomato confit cuts the richness of the angus beef patty and the arugula adds "pepperyness" to the burger. 4/5. . Rising Sun:. Teriyaki burger with Kobe beef, tempura avocado, nori furikake, fried yams and spicy mayo. 4/5. . Steakhouse Burger:. Beef burger with steak sauce, onion marmalade, mushrooms, Swiss cheese and tomato confit. I wasn't too thrilled with this one. 3/5. . Donut Slider:. Very creative presentation.  A sweet burger-looking dessert.  The "bun" is a brioche doughnut.  The "patty" is made of chocolate ganache toppe with crispy coconut, strawberry and passionfruit.  It also comes with a side of "fries" made of crisp pound cake and a berry "ketchup" for dipping. It tasted as good as it looked 5/5. . Service was great.  The interior is very playful and funky. Artwork were very cartoon-y.  I recommend making a reservation as this place fills up pretty quickly.
Holsteins is one of the few reasonably priced restaurants in The Cosmopolitan. Good atmosphere, lots of seating, plenty of menu options. This place is tough for vegetarians, as you might expect, but not impossible. You can change out a burger patty for a veggie burger and there are salad options as well. If you use foursquare, you can check in for a free beer or margarita with signature burger purchase, and that works for every member of the party- pretty cool. My group of 6 took advantage of that. . . The free margarita is pretty dang small, and you get no choice in flavor, so I would go with a beer. I ordered the Carbonara Chicken, while friends went with salads, Urth burgers, and The Rising Sun burger. I believe there were some others in there as well but I can't recall. The burger was great! Soooo good. It was a chicken burger with an egg on it, which I didn't expect to be into but it was awesome. Add to that a funny server that gave us good gambling advice (hit up somewhere off the strip- Ellis Island specifically), and we were happy campers. Highly recommend!
The burgers and shakes (alcoholic shakes too) are so fun and delicious. The atmosphere inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel is fun. I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas and back to Holsteins!
Holstein's was our first stop of Las Vegas. We were staying at the Cosmo and I was so hungry. Myself and my four friends thought this place sounded good. It was. Partly because I was starved and partly because it was good. We did have to wait about 20 minutes to be seated, but it was no big deal. The Chandelier is right across the way and they call you when you're table is ready. So, we went and had a drink at the Chandelier. The place is pretty big and there is plenty of tables and booths. They have a bar you can sit at and tv's which was good for all of the guys watching March Madness. Also, the menu is pretty extensive if you like burgers. We absolutely had to try one of the spiked shakes. I got the Drunken Monkey. Soooooo good. I drank it before my burger even made it out. It was delicious! I ordered the classic burger and sweet potato fries. I literally ate it all. I am not a huge burger person. To me a burger is a burger. But this was pretty good and the fries were delicious. Yes! Loved it.
Their alcohol selection sucks, as in they ran out of everything they said they had.  I had to have a Sapphire tonic...SAPPHIRE, PEOPLE!!!  . The waiter said she had Hendricks and then dreamcrushed my cocktail dreams.. My other friend wanted a beer and 8 of the beers he wanted they were "out of".. However, the burger was nice, very juicy and rare.  . . Plus, the more you drink the better everything tastes, right?
Great burger.  Had the Gold Standard.  Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli.  OMG... so good.  This was actually my second dinner that night... and I still loved it.  This is now now of my top places for a burger.. . Came back a couple days later for and had a Caesar  Salad with chicken.  I wouldn't really recommend.  too much dressing.. .and chicken was just meh...  Stick to the burgers.
I love everything about this place:  the attitude, the decor, the burgers, the shakes (the shakes!).  It all just works so well together that it's hard not to become a fan.  Discovered Holstein's last year on vacation and went back last weekend hoping for the same experience; happy to say it did not disappoint!  Our flight was late and we landed in Las Vegas around 8:30 PM, so by the time we got there it was already way past my EST dinner.  The hostess was pleasant and directed us to another hostess in the dining room, who seated us right away.  Our waitress was attentive without being too in-our-face (because seriously, we were grouchy hungry and tired and just wanted food).  The drink menu is extensive and they have a great selection of beer.  I ordered the Ahi Sliders and my boyfriend had the Nom Nom Burger.  We split his fries and it was plenty of food, since they also do popcorn for the table as an appetizer.  My only downside is that the seating is a little close together, but I've noticed that's pretty much the norm everywhere in town.  Very European to me- maybe I just like my space?  Otherwise, an awesome burger joint that is not presumptous and doesn't try to be anything else other than seriously good grub.
Love the shakes!
The first stop I made on my recent trip to Vegas - definitely started us off in the right direction.. . We stopped in on St. Patricks day and everyone was clearly in the spirit of the holiday. They had holiday specials with a corned beef burger and leprechaun milkshake. Definitely a nice little touch to the holiday.. . Our waitress came by right away and was more than accomodating. She was thorough, poised and really sweet. Definitely earned herself a good tip. (+1). . The food was all she said it would be. My guest had their regular American chesseburger (because he's boring), but he said it was one of the better burgers in LV. Not to mention, he ate everything on his plate. My cobb salad was really delicious. Salad at burger places isn't usually to die for, but this was a step above the rest.  (+1). . We ended our meal with a chocolate milkshake and damn, was it good. It wasn't chocolate ice cream and milk but more like chocolate ice cream with real actual melted chocolate mixed in  (+1) and then loads of fresh whipped cream on top (+1). . I'd definitely come back for a quick bite.
burgers are delicious! but don't get the truffle lobster mac n cheez. waste of money!!!!!
Ahi Sliders, and Ahi Poke is bomb!
Thanks to Holsteins yummy Bam-Boozeled shakes (with the help of many cocktails beforehand), I can hardly remember a thing about my dinner here.. . After polishing off many rounds of happy hour cocktails at Comme CA, a group of eight of us found ourselves at Holsteins (located inside the gorgeous Cosmo hotel) for dinner on a Friday evening. . . The first thing I need to tell y'all is that all eight of us were fairly intoxicated before entering Holsteins. And after all eight of us ordered a Bam-Bozzeled shake with extra shots of alcohol to start our meals, the rest of the evening became quite a blur. Such a blur, in fact, that even though every single person ordered a different burger from their large menu (we also ordered appetizers), and even though I took a bite of everything ordered, I can't really recall everything I tried and if I even enjoyed it. I'm just glad I took pictures, otherwise I would have been totally guessing on some of the food we ordered. This is just a few of the items I tried that fun night at Holsteins; . . Drunken Monkey Shake- Reese's, Banana, Malt, & Frangelico Liquor. Cereal Bowl Shake- Cap'n Crunch & AbsolutVanilla Vodka. Campfire Smores- Smirnoff Marshmallow Vodka, Chocolate, Marshmallow & Graham Crumble. Pork Belly Buns. Salt & Vinegar Popcorn (Complimentary). The Rising Sun Burger (I ordered this)- Kobe Beef Burger, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado. Gold Standard Burger- Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger W/ Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli. The Longhorn Burger- Beef Patty Topped W/ Texas Smoked Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Creamy Cole Slaw & Dill Pickles. . I do remember that we all thoroughly enjoyed our adult shakes. They were sweet and thick but the bartenders were more than generous with the alcohol because every shake was just as strong or even stronger than the cocktails we had before entering Holsteins. . . I can honestly say I slightly do remember my burger being damn tasty. I loved the teri glaze on the patty and the tempura avocado was a nice touch. This burger reminded me of something I'd get at Umami in LA. As for the rest of the burgers and the apps go, I'm assuming I and everyone else enjoyed them because every plate was licked clean. . . From what I remember the service was great and the atmosphere in the restaurant was fun and upbeat. The prices here are really reasonable.  . . I will definitely try Holsteins again. Next time I'll just make sure to be sober before eating here so I can fully remember my experience. Till that day comes I'll give Holsteins a solid 4 stars.
I probably have never paid as much as I did for burgers until I came here, but they are different and taste very good.  Me and 2 other friends came here for dinner and we shared 2 burgers and a side (I believe the lobster truffle mac n cheese) and we were happy with our meal.  It was filling but not overly filling and the employees here are super nice, and I absolutely LOVED the decor of the place.  Another reason to come to the Cosmo  =). I just wished I tried one of their shakes. Next time!!
Fun place, feels like you're in a normal restaurant and not a restaurant plopped in the middle of a casino in Vegas. Many appetizing things on the menu. And take the recommendations from people here on Yelp. They are not kidding when they're talking about the shakes, or the gold standard! Every table around us looked like they were having a good time as well. Server was good, and when he didn't know an answer he found out for me and came back with the correct one.
Fancy Denny's style - Be down with their lobster rolls.
Please move over! Can you imagine a group of gals walking up and down the strip looking for some grub that didn't require too long of a wait. Well believe it because my friends and I were starving upon entering. The place was pack, but we were seated promptly. . . The burgers here are divine. Excellent in flavor. Gourmet, simple, call it whatever you want,  the burgers are definitely worth it. I ordered the Captain Hook and the salmon was grilled perfectly. Not at all overcooked. The Herb Caper Mayonnaise is good, but if you are not a mayonnaise person ask for it on the side. The fries are just as delicious, you can choose between steak fries or shoestring. The steak fries are fatty. I ended up cutting off the ends and squeezing the potatoes out. Mmm, just like mash potatoes. . . The seasoned popcorn is what they give you as appetizer. I believe it is tossed with vinegar and cheese. Different, but tasty. . And if you want some booze in your shake, this place has it covered! I was not too inspired to try one, but the options sound just as good as the burger.. . We left very stuffed. Too stuffed that we looked rather unflattering in our night clothes. Haahaa. Nonetheless, I will dine here again!
Needed to pick somebody up from the airport by 8pm so I decided to treat two of my boys (8 & 12 years old) to dinner on the strip.  This was our first time at Holstein's and we would repeat.  Service was good and very efficient.  Food was pretty good but the scene was very fun and energetic.. . We started with the Cuban Street Tacos and Bucket of Wings.  Both were okay.  The wings were a little bland and very dry.  Personally I think the street tacos would've tasted better with soft tortillas, but they were pretty good.  . . We ordered the Steakhouse, El Machete, and Mac & Cheese for our meal and all were tasty.  Good quality product and healthy portions.  We only ate half of each burger and took the other half home.  . . The highlight of the meal was their milkshakes.  Great thick shakes that the kids loved!!  . . Overall a solid experience at Holsteins.
If you're a hamburger nut, there are a few places in Las Vegas you should know about.  And this is one of them.  The burgers here are big, juicy and loaded with all kinds of various tasty toppings.   We had the Gold Standard Burger and a Rising Sun Burger and both were delicious.  (I would bet that the other choices on the menu are just as good!)  I asked for mine as rare as they could make it and they did that to perfection. . We didn't have room for dessert, so we ordered it anyway!  The 'Cow Pie', recommended by our server, was actually a small chocolate cake sitting on marshmallow and a crisp graham cracker, sort of like a Super-S'more.  Easily shared by two people, it satisfied the chocolate craving I had, at least for that day!. On top of the good food, the service was friendly and helpful, the bar is cool and you are surrounded by the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, so what's not to like?  . Tip: If you are parking in the garage take the East Side Garage Elevator to the top and you are right there!
I have been here twice now on separate trips to Vegas. Service is slow but ok and prices are reasonable (come on people, it's the strip). . . Burgers are sooooo delicious and the skinny fries are great! The "hen house" was a huge hit at our table :) My only complaint is that I wanted to substitute avocado for the bacon that came with my burger and they wanted to charge me. Both are priced at $2 on the "extras" menu, so I feel like reasonably, they should be able to make the substitution without charging, but hey, that's the restaurant business.
Holstein's is conveniently located in the Cosmopolitan where we stayed. The burgers are high quality and one of the best I've had, though they are a bit pricey. Then again, everything in Vegas is expensive, so it was one of our more reasonable dining options. The service was good but slow, but then again we were with a group of 10 people. A few of us ordered the alcoholic milk shakes which were pretty awesome. Overall this is definitely a great place to check out if you're looking for a casual and reasonably priced meal on the Vegas strip!
Great burger joint if your staying at the Cosmo. I wasn't into spending $100+ for lunch so went here and was glad I did. Solid burgers with even better shakes.
Okay, so you wouldn't normally expect someone who doesn't eat burgers to go into this joint ... but my wife and I stopped by it on the way to China Poblano (on a side note, CP looks very sad and unappealing) and she made the executive decision to eat here instead. So there you have it, two people who don't eat burgers in an establishment that serves primarily burgers.. . So why did I rate it so highly? The shakes. Actually they're called bam-boozled shakes because they have alcohol. How can you see a TIRAMISU shake on a menu and NOT order it? It was like someone blended up a really good tiramisu with some ice cream. I could slightly taste the alcohol, which was perfect for the shake.. . The decor is also pretty fun. There are graffitied mascots all over the walls that make it feel like a fun and vibrant place to have lunch. My only issue is with the crazy outfits for the waitresses in the bar area. I know it's Vegas and all, but the Hooters shorts don't really go with anything else there.. . The food was not as good, but still reasonable. I got some crazy Kung Pao Tamale. It sounded really good, and was presented quite well. I thought the first few bites were great, but then it got tedious (and mind you it was a small dish). There was too much salt/MSG and the sauce was too sweet. Together they made for a lot of flavor at first, but just got difficult to eat after a few bites. So I'm giving it some credit because it was flavorful. I'm not sure if it was a trial dish because I don't think they're offering it anymore. My wife got the veggie burger, which was okay.. . Still, I will be going again next time I'm in Vegas just for some fries and a shake!
Loooooooved the shake. Maybe it's because shakes are forbidden and I never have them so this one was mind blowing to me but no I think it was just mind blowing in general. Got the Almond Joy. Nutty and coconutty and chocolatey and wow.... couldn't ingest it fast enough. . . Burgers were good. Very good. Mine was a little overcooked (really funny coming from me seeing as how I used to eat my burgers like gray pucks but not anymore and this was cooked through when it was supposed to be medium) Only reason it's not 5 star is because in LA there's a place called juicy burger where you can pretty much make your own Hen Burger and it tastes EXACTLY the same (quality and quantity of beef) BUT it's a $5 dollar burger there not 15....so I mean when in Rome....it's not a ridiculous sum for the location. Definitely would go back and service was great
Forget Five Guys, Fatburger, and the like.  Go Holsteins or go home.  As an artist, I enjoyed the funky ambiance and decor but the food made it all the more delish.
$20 burgers, female bartenders, waitresses in cartoon-themed tshirt, super short shorts and knee high socks. Hmm.. who does this restaurant cater for?. . None the less, the two burgers I have had here has been uber yommy.  The bun is super soft. Got to be steamed.  Medium-well came out with a slight pink tinge. Which it never does when I order medium well. . I order the burger to go knowing I had 20 mins to get to the airport. I gnaw on my nails nervously as 15 mins ticked by. The female bartender checked once and said it will be out in a minute. When 5 mins ticked by, she sent another bartender back to the kitchen and he came out with my burger. Hurrah for nice service
I love foie gras and they serve foie gras with kobe beef and truffle oil (billionaire burger)... It's SOOOO good. It's a must have if you're in Vegas. Close to $30 for  a burger tho. haha. . Also had the lobster mac and cheese... they give you hella lobster! really good. Matchstick fries were good too. The quesadilla was a miss.. . Didn't get to try the shake... it's prolly for the better. Don't need to eat anymore than I already did haha.
Wonderful burgers! Grabbed a Billionaire Burger to kill the craving for  Foie Gras and Kobe. It was exquisite! Full bar is available. The place gets busy so just submit your name and they will text when a table is available. This joint is next to the Marquee - talent everywhere.
Billionaire burger really good with froie gras. Sweet potato fries so-so.
First Visit (Early May) I wasn't quite Impressed.. . Yes the decor is funky fresh. Artsy and trendy and the service was decent (the servers were not 100% in tune to what they were serving). But the overall visit was not what I hoped.. . The breakdown: I was invited by The Light Group to dine in before the club. So, there were tables of beautiful women dressed to impress but not ready to chow down wearing their club attire (me included). Deep Fried everything, and not the best samples of their burgers. (the menu was pre determined, served as a 4 course meal). It was a pleasure to be hosted by them and I would have not discovered them otherwise.. . But ..... . Second "chance" Visit (Late May) I was in heaven ... even if for a moment.. . The breakdown: It was recovery Sunday (from Saturday night gallivanting). We all know the best hangover cure it some heavy greasy food ... so I gave it a second try. It was much more casual, with no worries of feeling full after.. . There was a 40 min wait (that tells you its quite popular). but there was room at the bar which also had full service. The way they place the barstools leaves plenty of elbow room to really get down, without throwing 'bows.. . I had: The Golden Standard (because I just couldn't talk myself into paying $28 for one burger "Billionaire Burger" though I was tempted). and it was delicious. Didn't even need to add a thing. no ketchup, salt, nada. It was made to perfection (medium) I chose a side of Sweet Potato Fries which were decent, but a little soggy at the end.. While I waited, I washed down a Brown Cow Float, which was basically a turnt up Rootbeer Float with "pop rocks" and it brought me back to being a kid with the rocks popping in my mouth. LOVED IT!!. I tried their Bucket of Buffalo Wings, and I liked how they didn't drench it with sauce. I enjoyed licking my fingers to that before and during my burger meal. . . I guess there is a time and place for everything ... and figuring out the right moment makes a HUGE difference.. . Holsteins "before" the club NO. Holsteins the day "after" DEFINITELY
went for lunch today.  $98 + tip for 3 of us.  easy to find inside the Cosmo.  ordered two milkshakes (they were just OK and didn't live up to the "hype"), onion rings, two burgers, and the vegan burger.  my vegan burger was homemade, but i've had better in Portland.  fries were average.  dinner salad was average.  so why four stars?  atmosphere and great service.  it felt like we had our own personal waiter (mycole).  he was very attentive.  he explained the menu after he found out we'd never been before.  would I go back?  uh, I guess.  but for the $$ we could have done better.  overall, worth a visit.  my hubby said his burger was THE BEST he'd ever had.
The perfect burger?Yes. The perfect toppings? Yes. The perfect place to hang with friends or your significant other? Most definitely. Service.... ok. It's ok. I mean the bigger the group the bigger tip so maybe that's it, but the smaller the group is still 20% if the service is good. . . I go here every year and it's always multiple times when I'm here and it's always great. The burgers are always cooked to perfection and the quality for the cost is awesome. . . I can't say enough good things about this place, with adult shakes and delicious appetizers why not go back?!. . Food, A+; Service B-; Atmosphere A. . Enjoy!
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard..... Delicious spiked milkshakes!? I'm there! My friends had a couple of these, which can be kind of filling. We ended up splitting 2 burgers between 3 girls and loved that each burger came with fries - split regular fries and sweet potato fries -- scrum-diddly-umptious!. . Burgers were nice and juicy and had amazing toppings on them. We had the Gold Standard and the Fun-Ghi, both which were great!. . I also liked the quirky decor. Would recommend making reservations if you're going at a busy time.
I went to Vegas for MDW and this place was just what we needed for a hangover brunch. You must get the Oreo Malt (we got virgin and it was still bomb). The service was great but beware of the one bathroom! . . I got the ahi sliders which were eh but my friend got the Greek burger which was delicious. Beware of the lobster mac n cheese.... it was very fish tasting and tiny but still good! If you get the spicy beef salad, just know, it's drenched in dressing so you probably want to get it on the side!
You must try a "spiked" shake!  Nice casual atmosphere with excellent service.
I thought this place would be over hyped but I was pleasantly surprised! . . The restaurant is located on the second floor of Cosmo, right across from Marquee entrance. It is pretty spacious inside with plenty of tables. We were seated immediately and the service was quick yet friendly. . . They provide complimentary popcorn which was nice to munch on while we waited for our food to arrive. I shared a Rising Sun burger and a Tiramisu milkshake. Both were incredibly delicious!!! The burger came out just the way we wanted, but the restaurant doesn't cut the burger in half for you. It's a little inconvenient but I guess it makes sense since it would ruin the presentation of some burgers. We ordered the burger with a side of steak cut fries, which were basically potato wedges and not steak fries. Just a heads up for those steak fries lovers out there! The milkshake also tasted a lot like a tiramisu cake!! I would recommend splitting a shake since they are HUGE. . . The menu items are a little pricey but it didn't seem to bad when I split a burger and a shake. The shake is really heavy so unless I plan on skipping a burger (which I would never do) I would definitely split it.
I had a few dinners here and have yet to be disappointed. Imaginative, nouveaux-burger creations, a good selection of (pseudo-)artisanal beers, bam-boozled milk-shakes for adults - what's not to like?. I'll definitely be back for a casual (yet decent) dinner or two.
Burger joints are a dime a dozen now. But I went with what Yelp suggested and the reviews were on the money! . . I couldn't not get a shake. Seriously, even after a day of drinking. Even though I knew it could potentially be a bad idea later. I had to get a shake! I mean, it's in the name! So I settled on the Campfire S'Mores shake (Smirnoff Marshmallow Vodka, Chocolate, Marshmallow, Graham Crumble). It was not an easy choice, but i was very happy after the first sip. I sampled the Birthday Cake one (which I wavered between) and felt that the S'Mores one definitely had more flavor. At $11 a pop, it's not cheap, but I do appreciate they give you a tin with extra shake in it!. . For dinner I knew right away I wanted The Fun-Ghi (Beef Patty, Roasted Portabello, Carmelized Onion, Truffle Oil, Gruyere, Frisee, Aioli). It was pretty awesome! I hate when you order a mushroom burger and there's barely any mushrooms. Thankfully there were plenty, and it was marinated to perfection. Plus, the fries weren't too shabby either. For $16.5, it's a pricey burger, but hey, it's Vegas baby! . . For a casual evening I think this is just the right place to dine. Plus, you can get a hearty meal in before things get too crazy!
Great burger place at Cosmo hotel on the strip!. kobe classic was awesome! . Love the sliders too!
Another amazingly fatty dining experience at Holstein's. It was a no holds barred eating kinda night. Sat at the bar and had a cute and friendly server. She was suggestive, but definitely not pushy.  Stangely, the hostesses -- yes the first people you come across when you approach a restaurant -- were slightly haughty, slightly bitchy, or at the very least ignored me pretty well. And that rarely ever happens at any restaurant.. . Anyway, got myself the Foie gras burger, sweet potato fries and a capn crunch (cereal bowl) shake.. . Devoured everything. So rich and delicious, and I sure felt it afterwards!!
A great place for an original burger with a twist! Solid burgers, quality ingredients, and great play on classic burgers. The alcohol milkshakes are a fun pairing to your burger. The menu is reasonable priced, and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Staff is enjoyable, happy, and stand behind their food. Great craft beer and cocktails. A must try for those that enjoy burgers with a fun spin!
Decided to try out this place because I was craving for sweets. I ordered the campfire s'mores booze shake.  It has a hint of vodka which was barely noticeable. The shake was really good in the sense that it wasn't too sweet but yet still very flavorful.  I will be back to try the kobe beef burger next time along with some of their other shakes.. . I also love the interior decor and the setup of the restaurant.  It's a fun and entertaining place to just hang out.
Wonderful art and yummy food. My boyfriend and I split the Ahi Tuna Sliders, Billion Dollar Burger with sweet potatoes fries and a mint milk shake. The service was slow  and it is a bit pricey but the atmosphere was nice. I am still not sure if foie gras should be in a burger, but it was tasty and I quickly devoured my half. Love the sliders, the little buns were soft and fluffy and the sauce was a great compliment to the dish. My mint shake was awesome, I couldn't taste the alcohol and it gave me a little buzz, but I am not sure if $11 is worth it. All in all pricey but good... use comps if you got 'em.
Keep it simple and you'll be impressed.  Go with the Classics and beer and the sweet potato fries.  Unless you're trying to impress someone.  Then ask for lots of napkins.. . My burger was cooked perfectly and the beer was fresh and cold.  Can't ask for more.. . Service, well, I guess it depends on the mood of your server.
So expensive but so good! I walked up around 2pm by myself and was able to find a seat at the bar right away, avoiding a 40 minute long line. It's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmo.. . I ordered the Rising Sun burger and a Grasshopper shake. Service was very fast and friendly.. . The burger was super rich in flavor but you have to make sure you bite where the sauce is! The fries were wonderful and the shake was so good.
Keep it simple and you'll be impressed. Go with the Classics or the Kobe with potato chips and beer and the sweet potato fries. Unless you're trying to impress someone. Then ask for lots of napkins.. . My burger was cooked perfectly and the beer was fresh and cold. Can't ask for more.. . Service, well, I guess it depends on the mood of your server. I visited this place when I was attending a conference in June this year.
First thing, that catches your eye while wondering around the fabulous Cosmopolitan hotel is this restaurant. At first look, it might be just another trendy bar with cute graffiti decor (happy looking cows and chickens with smiles on their faces) but step in and look a little closer and you will realize that yes, this is a bar/lounge in the front but inthe back it is a full fledged running restaurant with tables and table-booths! . . We decided to stop by and try this place out before we left Vegas (le sigh it is always hard to part with such an awesome city). The hostess were very sweet and little ditsy but heck they made us laugh! . We were seated right away which was impressive at almost 5:30pm on a weekday. The lounge/bar area was busy and so was the restaurant. . We settled into our table-booth, which was comfortable even though we were sandwich in-between, two other parties, we were handed our menus. This place has almost everything you could ask for:. . Shakes (bam -boozled shakes). IPA's. Beer. Wine. One of a kind cocktails. . But what I liked most was the free tin of freshly popped popcorn they bring to your table along with large ketchup and mustard bottles. Who knew that ketchup or mustard would taste so good on popcorn!. . All their burgers are made to order and are fresh, natural with organic ingredients!. . With so many options on their menu, it was hard to choose just one burger. . . I decided on the Nom Nom Burger- No bun, Kobe Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Potato Chips, 1000 Island Dressing. . I have to admit I was never the kind if girl to put potato chips or even fries on my burgers. I use to watch my friends do it and think it probably tastes weird! But screw that though I told myself I'm going in!. . After ordering, it does take awhile and patience is a total virtue, that is when people watching takes place! And believe me it is a fun place to watch all the out of water tourists!  One guy was seated at a table next to us and was told he could not have his large hurricane glass at the table. You would have thought he was told that there was no strip clubs in Vegas! He tried to tell the hostess that he was not going to drink it, not believing him she told him that she would hold it up at the front for him. Still the look on his face was priceless!. . Our burgers came out larger than life (or maybe that was my hunger talking) I had to try some of Minh's onion rings (which were delicious) I could have ate them all except I was given the "eye" so I swiped two more and went back to my burger! . . It was the perfect burger, cheesy with just the right amount of dressing and chips! The burger was wonderful, full of flavor not a dry bite at all!. . Be warned their burgers do fill you up fast, even though I opted not to have the bun I got full half way through! I forced myself to finish this epic burger, which I am 50/50 that I did. 50% happy because it was yummy, the other 50% was left being uncomfortable for a while as my burger settled in my tummy! . . Service was great, and the prices were decent for being on the strip!
Someone told me that Holsteins is the best burger in Vegas. Yes, the burgers are delicious, but no, I do not believe this place is the best.. . Being a HUGE fan of burgers, I've been to many burger joints and restaurants, and have been searching for the perfect burger. Holsteins was pretty damn good, but not the top of the top. . . I ordered the campfire s'mores shake, which is the most amazing shake I have ever had. The alcohol in the shake was very subtle, and the shake was just.. perfect. no other words.. . The lobster mac and cheese- pieces of lobster with mac and cheese and truffle oil. As a big fan of truffle oil, this dish was perfect for me. So far, so good.. . Then the burgers- the gold standard and the billionaire.. I hate blue cheese, so had only regular cheddar cheese with the gold standard. It was a good burger, the ingredients were paired well and I was satisfied.. The billionaire burger- wgayu and foie gras- was ok. Because foie gras was banned in California, it was a must that we got that burger. However, the burger was a bit dry, and did not meet up to par. . . On the other hand, service was up to par, the lady was very nice and came around to check up on us often. I would definitely come back for Holsteins for the shakes, that was the highlight of the meal. For Vegas standards, this place is decently good, although I expected something better.
I really wanted to give Holsteins a 5 star rating but their pork belly bun was just a big letdown for me. I had the fun-ghi burger with the fried egg and it was good. My wife and I also had the redneck poppers (which was ok) and calamari. Service was awesome. Our server was very attentative and very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks.
There was 7 of us and we wanted a table to sit down in the back and they told us it was going to be a 40 minute wait. I didn't understand why the told us that time frame because more than half of the tables in the back were empty. That annoyed me a bit, but when we finally sat down to eat it made up for the weird part.. . The burgers were delicious. Large portions, came with fries, and I wasn't able to finish my meal. Even so, I still ordered one of their alcoholic milkshakes, the chunky monkey...? The shake was really good too. I wasn't expecting them to give the metal cup where the shake was blended in and usually where half the shake was in too, but they did. the alcohol was very subtle and it tasted amazing. I was extremely happy at the end of the meal.
We sat at the bar to grab a quick lunch bite. Our bartender was very friendly and had great suggestions. Lobster mac n cheese is awesome. The bucket of buffalo wings were a hit or miss, some pieces were dry and others perfectly cooked. Not sure how that gets done if it goes into the fryer all at the same time, but oh well it did. Didn't get a chance to try their shakes, but they have a pretty decent selection of beers and wine. . . There was one red wine in particular, with a funky/artsy label from Italy, that i can't remember the name of, but it was very palatable. If i'm in Vegas again i'll be sure to make a pit stop to try some other stuff.
Yummy! Lobster Mac was full of chunky lobster, rich and buttery.  The candy store was fun! My 15 year old loved it.
The Nom Nom Burger. Kobe beef, cheddar cheese, potato chips, 1000 Island Dressing, for $17. It caught my eyeright away, the second I was handed a menu in the adorably cartoon-ish dining room. You get the option to sit on these couches as well, but I like my tables to be a little higher than my knees.. . My burger came out perfectly medium rare and the meat was this excellent quality. My burger tasted a little like a fancy In n Out burger, but with potato chips, which really weren't that weird in a burger. I wasn't the hugest fan of the cheddar, but everything else was great.. . We weren't in the mood for an alcoholic shake, so we shared the birthday cake shake sans alcohol, which came with cake bits, vanilla ice cream, and sprinkles. Still delicious, even without alcohol.. . Holsteins is definitely a gem!
hubbie likes the tacos here better
This place was Cool!. Good food with a DJ
I don't get excited about the burger wars.  By and large, it has been one disappointment  after another, the latest being Slater 50/50.  That is why I was really surprised by the flavor bomb dropped on me by this place.  Hands down, one of the best burgers ever.  The meat was beefy (almost grass-fed) and the potato bun was perfection, easily holding its shape.  4 stars there.  Unfortunately, the fries were a tad undercooked and a bit soggy.
had the burger with beef brisket and it was delicious. There were at least 3 other burgers i wanted to try.  the wings for an app were real buffalo wing style so i like that. and their onion rings were soo good. i would definitely recommend
Pricey like mostly everything on the strip, but a good value. Had a burger w a lettuce wrap (didn't know it would be so slippery, the steam from the burger condensed on the lettuce). Tasty and filling even without the bun. Fries are delish. The place has some bad reviews but it's probably a hit or miss experience.. . Didn't try the shakes but wish I had. Definitely give it a try.
The burgers here are bomb. Super juicy and flavorful. I got the nom nom burger and it was great. meat was cooked just right. Comes with a bunch of fries too. The shakes were good but I wished I hadn't gotten it with alcohol because I could taste it. They weren't strong enough to get me buzzed but they were strong enough to affect the taste. I wish I had gotten an non alcoholic one. . . Service was okay here. Servers created on you every now and then. My only complaint is that our booth was wet. The people that used it before us might have spilled or something. Either way, the seats felt wet and we had to ask for a towel. Seating and Service was quick. Got there, ate, and finished within an hour. This place does not take reservations on weekends and holidays. Hours are open late. Its located right next to the escalators near chandeliers.
Oh the variety of burgers. How to choose? I had the Rising Sun Burger and it was delicious!It was cooked perfectly. I couldn't even finish the fries.. . And you can't forget their booze shakes! We tried the cereal bowl and it tasted just like Cap'n Crunch. And just like a normal shake, they give you the silver can with the extra. It's a lot to finish. . . Overall, I definitely have to come back again when I'm in Vegas again!
Yum, Yum, Triple Yum!. . So glad that we stopped her for some uber yummy grub.  The staff was very attentive and very nice.  I loved the salt & vinegar tasting mini bucket of popcorn they brought out for us to nibble on.  We ordered the spicy calamari to share, loved the thin fried slivers of jalepenos, definitely gave it an awesome kick.  . . I had the rising sun burger and thought it was delicious---I'm not a super saucy kinda gal, so maybe next time if I have it I will ask for the teriyaki to be on the side as opposed to the burger patty itself.  The tempura avocado on top of the burger was to die for.  The fries were ok, nothing to get excited over--maybe if they were sprinkled with some sort of seasoning it would have been a little better---or they could have had optional sprinkles to add on top--like garlic wasabi or parmesan--something like that--the fries were pretty plain.. . Hubby had the steakhouse burger and loved it, he could barely finish it.  He said the flavors were very good.. . We split a campfire s'mores booze shake and it was nothing short of glorious.  Something about marshmallow vodka that just seems so right.  I also had the house margarita as well and this had an excellent flavor too!  Overall we had a pretty good experience.  Thank goodness this place isn't nearby me or else we would have some problems--I would be drinking a different booze shake everyday.
Lively burger spot with fun appetizers and boozy milkshakes.. . Food: 4, atmosphere: 4, service: 2. Cost to worth it rating: 2.5 (my burger with additions was almost $20). Return worthiness: yes. . Highlights:. - Steakhouse burger: loved the pepper-crusted patty as it was no joke--you could see the full peppercorns. The onions were sweet and really good. I added an egg which was cooked perfectly so it ran to create it's own sauce from its yolk. Only con was the bun wasn't anything special or worth it.. - Bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos: spicy! Liked the crispy bacon. There was cheese inside but not too much which my partially Asian stomach appreciated.. - Fried pickle spears: had the bumpy kind of breading which I liked. - Milkshakes: my friends loved these fun combos like smores or banana peanut butter cup (drunken monkey). See above comment for why I couldn't enjoy one, but I would've loved to. They do have fun vodka flavors on hand to make these like chocolate coconut which I do want to try.. - Fried bacon: never seen this outside of a county fair, but was pretty good in a smooth crispy batter. - Longhorn burger: the hub got this with BBQ brisket on the burger which seems crazy, but as a meat lover pizza type, he liked it. - Sweet potato fries: crispy and the right level of sweetness. I couldn't stop eating them.. - Decor: liked the fun art on the walls with toki doki-like characters. . Midlights:. - Philly cheese steak egg roll: they looked like the Jack in the Box ones--which I love by the way--but with a tough exterior  that didn't work for me. . Lowlights: . - Service: our waiter had a fun personality but the service was nonexistent. . . Had a fun lunch here--I'd come back and hope for better service.
Their milkshake brings all the boys to the....nevermind, that song is pretty annoying.  Ahhh Holsteins. Why is your billionaire burger so savory? The beef patty is so earthy, foie gras so rich, and the port onion marmalade gives it a touch of acidity to balance the flavors out.  One overlooked ingredient of a good burger is the bun. The bun is perfect, soft and supple, like a woman's....ok skip that.. . I'm a purist, give me a chocolate milkshake, none of that frankensteinsh concoction. It just hits the spot. My inner childhood.  My mouth died and went to chocolate heaven. Rich enough but not to the point where you need water every sip.. . Why 4 stars and not 5?  When we were seated, our server was MIA. After 10 minutes, we had asked another server to look for our server to assist us, no such person showed up.  I understand they have their own section to deal with but atleast offer to get our drinks. After 5 minutes, we then asked a busboy...a very helpful busboy and explained our predicament. No one had seen us since being seated. He immediately apologized, 30 seconds later, a manager came up to apologize with the assigned server behind him.  He offered 15% off for our bill w/o us having to complain.  Our server apologized, it was a shift change and unfortunately, our location was no man's land.  It was like being at the border between syria and turkey.. . After our orders were taken, food was rushed to be cooked to satisfy our cravings.  Good save
There's booze in the shakes!!! . Nothing left to say other than when in Vegas, visit Cosmopolitain Resort and Casino and you will find Holstiens across from Marquis Night/Day Club. Try the shakes, I dare you. It's plenty. Then try the kobe burgers and lobster mac and cheese. So delicious.
Talk about gourmet burger! Very creative concept, delicious food too. Ordered the Rising Sun! Kobe Beef Burger, Tempura Avocado, Teri Glaze & Nori. Paired with Shoestring Fries & a sip of that Alcoholic Oreo Milkshake from my friend.. . It was a yummy food experience but not a fan of the price. But I guess that's what I get for eating at the Cosmo. Haha!
It's good but Ramsey's across the street is dank.
This place is pretty cool. . . The vodka-infused milkshakes are absolutely amazing. There are so many flavors to choose from and all of the blends I tried were really good. My favorite so far has been the s'mores flavor. YUM. . . I'm not much of a burger person, but there does seem to be a good selection of other meal options.
You would not expect a stellar burger at a Vegas hotel restaurant, but that is what you get here.  One important thing to note right up front is that the service here (and the other restaurants at the Cosmo) is top notch.  On to the burgers - they have a nice selection of burgers ranging from the traditional to not so traditional (there is one with foie gras on is - the "Billionaire" burger).  We had two different burgers and both were great - meat was properly cooked (they recommend medium, which you can get away with at a quality high-end burger joint like this), toppings were great, and the bun was very fresh (tiny bit too large for my taste, but not massive like at some places).  We had both fries and rings.  The only reason I gave a 4 vs 5 star rating was the fries - they were lukewarm instead of hot.  The onion rings were great.. . They also have shakes (with or without booze) that were great as well.. . Definitely will be back.
I really want to give this place a 5 star but i can't really justify paying close to $20 dollars for the gold standard burger. I ordered the burger togo and came back around 40 minutes to pick it up. I love the fact that they didn't cover the togo box and actually left it open in the bag (2 thumbs up). . . My review is based on eating the burger a couple hours later after going to Light. I previously read my friends reviews and wasn't sure i would like it since I didn't want to heat up the burger. Honestly speaking... the burger was freaking delicious. I could clearly taste the bacon, goat cheese, arugula and garlic aioli sauce. It was seriously mind boggling that it still tasted really good. I know its not really fair that i had it several hours after i got the burger but I don't know that i can even say the same for other burger that are fresh. I will definitely be back here to try the gold standard fresh and other burgers as well.
On the first night of my bachelorette party, my friends and I came back to Holstein's for a dinner of burgers and booze.  I repeated some favorites from my first visit - the spicy bloody mary, the fried pickles, The Rising Sun, and the Frozen Grasshopper - and all were as remembered.  In fact I'm mostly updating this just to document my bachelorette party in full, so if you want to see a full useful review, please see the original and ignore this post, which is basically for my diary use only.. . We came at around seven o'clock and were told they were so backed up they were turning people away.  We put our name and number down anyway, expecting to wait at least an hour and a half.  I guess a lot of people were discouraged enough to bail, because we were seated after something like forty minutes.. . Service was good, polite and moderately quick.  A few of my friends and I use FourSquare (sorry, Yelp), and we each got a complimentary Holstein's Spacial (not a typo on my end) Lager.  It was tasty, refreshing, and free, and I'm sorry to admit that we were too full to finish them and felt pretty bratty.  We did leave a nice tip.. . I did try a couple new things this time around, and I'll just note those here.  The Fun-Ghi (hey, you know that joke, don't you?) was a great burger with a beef patty, roasted portobello, caramelized onion, truffle oil, gruyere, frisee, and aioli.  The mushroom was great, and went really well with the beef.  All the other accompaniments took a back seat, letting the two top players have their day.  For dessert, we supplemented our Frozen Grasshopper with a Campfire Smores shake - Smirnoff marshmallow vodka, chocolate, marshmallow, and a graham cracker crumble.  I mean please I will never stock Smirnoff marshmallow vodka in my home bar, but it worked here.  The shake tasted like s'mores, and it was delicious.. . My girls got my dinner, for which I am very grateful.  Holstein's was fun and full of tasty things, a great start to an epic bachelorette weekend.
The food was good enough to warrant a return, the service was truly, phenomenal. Everyone from the hosts, to the random person removing the extra chairs, to our waitress. Really a nice change from the hurry up and leave attitude you often get in popular places. My only complaint was the time it took for the food to arrive (about 35 minutes) and the bun was not my favorite. I'd prefer they go with a fluffier lighter bun.
This place is totally overpriced, but what isn't in Vegas?  I may be a little biased with my rating as it is located in the Cosmopolitan and that is the hotel I stayed in, so it was very convenient.  But this place has great burgers and it is an awesome hangover fix.  I got the Hen House Burger cooked medium well.  The burger has an egg, bacon and I paid $1 more for the grilled onions as opposed to the raw onions.  My burger was more like a medium instead of medium well but it was juicy and delicious none the less.  I recommend this place for sure!
This is one of the many fine restaurants inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel. You can be a fatty here, tell yourself you are in a safe place. The staff was very attentive and hard working for a party of 15.. . I was going to get the brisket topped Longhorn burger, but I thought I'd go easy and ended up with the Urth Burger and a Arrogant Bastard Ale by Stone Brewing. The milkshakes were definitely as good as the reputation preceded it. We tried the drunken monkey and the Oreo with Irish Cream. Only thing I didn't like was the burn't popcorn appetizer opposed to the normal bread most places serve. I see what they were trying to do, being different put that one missed the boat. My girlfriend had a good time, I'd like to come back with less people and try some cow next time.
Everyone claims the best in something. How that claim is made can be determined in several ways. Whether by a voters choice in the local newspaper, a popular magazine writing the claim, word on the street, or just the restaurant making the claim itself. Supposedly Holsteins has the best burger in Vegas. It's a highly subjective claim.. . I like the decor here. It's cute and modern. Location is prime and there's plenty of foot traffic as it's right by Marquee. It's always constantly busy whenever we walk by on our way to Wicked Spoon.. . The food selection here is pretty vast. It's not just burgers and shakes. There's salads and a large appetizer selection. Their cocktail section looks like a dessert menu. But I came here for their burgers.. . The Rising Sun: Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado. . The burger came with a side of fries. The burger was large and the medium beef patty was perfect. It was a great burger overall, however it wasn't the best Japanese infused burger I've had. So I cannot agree that this is the best burger in Vegas. Maybe top 3.. . The service was excellent. The server made a mistake on the order, when I notified her, she promptly corrected the receipt with a smile.
OK so disclaimer I am giving 5+ stars just for the Alcoholic Shake, I think I had a Brown Cow and my friend had the Black Cow.  Both delish!!. . But the Food gets 2 stars from me.  We (3 ladies) ordered a burger and chicken strips to share. None of the food impressed us, in fact 2 of us didn't feel well after eating the burger.. . The shake definitely saved their rating.. . On a plus the place was conveniently located in our hotel (Cosmopolitan).  Great atmosphere and great staff.
DELICIOUS!!. . Definitely one of the best burgers I've had! Not to mention, I opted for the Urth Burger (vegetarian). My date for the night had the Gold Standard, which he greatly enjoyed from start to finish. The fries were, ehh...okay. I've had better though, which is probably what prevented me from giving a perfect five star review. . . The service was awesome, which I find hard to come by these days. So that is definitely a plus. Not to mention the atmosphere and decor is just as fabulous. Long story short, I will definitely be returning to Holsteins. Probably for a liquid meal, as everyone appears to be fans of the shakes. ;)
Yum! Place was good and adult shakes are great! Great place to hit up before heading to Marquee for the day club pool dealie.
Super amazing burgers! Super awesome sweet potato fries! Super cool atmosphere... CAN"T GO WRONG!
SO PRICEY but really good. At $16-$18 per burger, it's pricey, but it's Vegas; you gotta be prepared to pull out the cash.. . They are pretty creative with the burgers, I'll give them that. The burger patties themselves aren't that flavorful, but it's all the different toppings and condiments on each burger that make each burger tasty.. . I've eaten here twice with friends and these are the burgers we've tried that have been consistently good:. . The Billionaire - foie gras! Not a huge piece of it, but you can certainly taste that it's there.. The Rising Sun - essentially a teriyaki burger, but it's got a good rich but sweet taste to it.. The Golden Standard - can't pinpoint any one thing inside this burger that made it taste really good, but the moment you take a bite of the whole thing it comes together wonderfully!. The Nom Nom - texture with potato chips inside and tasty special mayo sauce!. . MILK SHAKES (alcoholic ones!):. . Red Velvet - my fav, really delicious can't taste the alcohol at all. Little cookie bits inside for texture.. Tiramisu - strong but tasty. Lots of cookie and chocolate toppings, chocolate syrup and cookie bits inside!. Mint chocolate chip - only alright. Didn't mask the alcohol that well, tastes pretty simple, like melted mint ice cream with cookie bits inside.. . AND OMG GET THE LOBSTER MAC 'N CHEESE. IT IS SO DAMN GOOD. But it is so damn small for how much you pay for it ($18). It comes out in a small...I'd say 5"x4" cast iron tray. If it weren't for the price, I would just eat three orders of the lobster mac and cheese for the entire meal.. . Service was only O-K. The waitresses usually seem distracted because the place is so busy, and the food didn't come out very fast. They refused to seat 10 of us at a table and split us up 7 and 3 and told 3 of us to sit at the bar, but there were no seats available at the bar because it was a dinner rush... so we just pulled up three chairs at the table and everyone fit just fine.
alcoholic milk shakes! This loud fun environment of fancy burgers and alcoholic milk shakes is a thumbs up for me. I ate here before going to the Marquee nightclub. It wasn't packed inside. Quickly seated in this fun decorated restaurant. Our server was very nice and attentive. . . I ordered the Drunken Munky shake that was a banana milkshake with peanut butter cups and malt. This was so so so so good. Oh yeah and alcohol! You couldn't even tell alcohol was in it. They gave me a ton of it. So good.. . Gold Standard burger - The burger here was cooked well. I think the tomato aoili kind of took away from the burger. It had argula , cheese, and bacon on it as well. It was good but not amazing. . . Recommendation: Drunken munky alcoholic milkshake
After skipping out on the hour and a half wait one night, we came back the next day for lunch eager to try the popular burger spot in the Cosmopolitan. The menu has an extensive offering of not only burgers, but also various other items like lobster rolls, tacos, and Asian pork belly buns. . . I had El Machete, the tallest burger I have ever eaten in my life. The patty was at least an inch thick and extremely juicy. Usually I don't like the strong beef taste in burgers, but this one was not overpowering and the extra burger additions blended well together. The spicy aioli and fire roasted chilis added the extra kick that I love, and the pepperjack cheese was melting perfectly onto the nicely toasted bun. The onions added great flavor, and the lettuce and tomatoes brought the freshness that I always look for. I ordered the sweet potato fries instead of their natural cut fries, and they were fried to perfection. I had no problem eating my whole portion! . . This is definitely a must-try in Vegas, although there are several other famous burger joints in the area. The broad burger offerings definitely make it hard to choose, so I'll be back to try out the other tasty looking items on the menu!
I'm a huge burger fan and this place does it right I have had the fungi it was pretty pretty good. My only gripe is the cost but your in the Cosmo and your paying for the atmosphere but I def think you get what you pay for and this does it for me.
Love this place.  Gourmet burgers and shakes.  The shakes are made to order (i.e. I got my vanilla malt heavy on the malt, to the point it was almost crunchy and I was super happy).  Glad I got the onion rings rather than the fries and the you can't go wrong with the burgers.  I did get a salad to make myself feel a little virtuous, (a milkshake and a cocktail at 10:00 a.m.) do tend to make you feel a liiiitle guilty.  The server was super nice and took the time to point out his favorite art, share stories about the artist and some of the pieces.  Fabulous place and I can't wait to come back.  Super chill and they give you delicious popcorn, which you can ask for a to go container of and will make for an excellent midnight snack.
Really enjoyed this place. Fun atmosphere, decent food, and cheap! I got a Caesar salad and the ahi poke which to my surprise was very good. My only issue, when my bill was rung up they charged me someone else's tab; however, once I pointed out the issue our server took care of it. Other then that the place wasgreat!
Came here with a friend of mine after too much fun at the Marquee Day Club and in need of snack. We each ordered one of their milkshakes and the sweet potato fries. We sat at the bar so there was no real wait for us to be seated. Since our order was pretty simple we were served pretty quickly. While we waited decided what to order we chatted with the bartenders who were all very nice and helpful in our milk shake flavor decisions. . . I ordered the frozen grasshoper and my friend got the tiramisu flavor. We thoroughly enjoyed our selections. Our fries order was large enough for us to share and we also both really like their fries.. . We did not try any of the burgers but I have been here before and have ordered the Rising Sun Burger which is super tasty. I have also tried their lobster mac and cheese which is just meh in my opinion. However, I do recommend their fried pickles if you are a pickle fan.
Awesome burger place. Not only does it serve some of the best burgers, but they also make some of the best malts and shakes ever. Their cocktails are also very creative and tasty as well.. . -Gold Standard Burger. . This burger is composed of a variety of high quality ingredients, which serves to highlight the deliciousness of the burger. The aged goat cheese provided a gaminess to the burger, which really elevated the flavor profile. The bacon provided a smokiness, which is reminiscent of a smokehouse. The dry aged patty really brought out a beefiness that is not ordinarily found in most burgers. The tomato aioli, arugula, and other remaining components was able to bind together and make it just a great interpretation of a classic burger.. . Other entrees:. . -Billionaire Burger. . Another casual but awesome burger restaurant in the Cosmo hotel.
Super fun and cute burger joint inside Cosmopolitan that will have me coming back for their Bamboozled Shakes!  Anytime you stick a menu in front of my face with a large selection of shakes with alcohol, I am impressed.  The handsome and friendly waiter suggested Gold Standard burger since he claimed  it has been named the best burger in Vegas.  For $17 I was hoping for some magical taste bud explosion but unfortunately it disappointed.  It was good enough but not something to be given a blue ribbon for.  I couldn't finish the bun as it was too much bun for the burger and didn't enhance the flavor.  The burger does come with fries so that helps with the cost a bit (a tad).  The standouts are the shakes.  Ohh yeah...ice cream deliciousness topped with an insane amount of fresh whipped cream.  Next time I am in town, I am coming here just for a shake or two!
So While i was in Vegas a few weeks ago me and a couple of the buddies decided that we were hungry and burgers are always in order when you go on vacation lol SOo My lovely friend (who has been there many many times) suggested we go here because apparently Holsteins has the BEST burgers....and as a matter of fact they do. Still doesnt even compare to BURGER PRIEST in my opinion, BUT none the less dog gayum delish! I had a burger with and egg on it and hooooly frik that thing was incredible! The actual restuarant its self was really nice and I had an overall good vibe when i went in. I also has a amazing Milkshake, it was some minty something of another but it was so large, and the amount left in the mixer was almost half of what was in my glass i dare not finish it all lol it was so good, pricey in comparison to burgers back home but soooooo well worth it! I got my burger cooked Medium (we can only cook out medwell in the great ONTARIO) and it actually made such a difference! so delish! I high recommend this place if your in for a solid burger for dinner, but goos luck finding it in the hotel lol ;)
Got take out while staying at The Cosmopolitan. The classic burger with American cheese was delicious. The bread was delicious. The fries were ok. Also ordered the calamari which came with two dipping sauces, was ok.
Huge beer selection. I had the Nom Nom burger and it rocked! Surprised that the prices were so reasonable. Service was excellent and it's a great place to eat and drink during a game. It's worth if my burger bucket list.
Came here for an afternoon snack Friday and returned early today for lunch.. . HIGHLY recommend the red velvet shake!!! Satisfies that dessert craving where you can't decide if you want a red velvet cake or ice cream.  Ordered this shake both times as well the onion rings.. . The dish that surprised me the most was the crispy pork belly bun with sweet potato fries. The veggies combined with the crispy pork belly with a lil bite of the cilantro at the end of that bite is the perfect feeling of 'OH SO FRESH AND GOOD!' but you don't fill the fullness that you get where you feel like you just ate the titanic! Would definitely order this again!. . AND FINALLY the complimentary  POPCORN is soooooooooo delicious to snack on.
Tried this place for the first time 3 months ago before going to the Marquee Day Club. The food here is pretty good and I shared the caesar salad and Surf N Turf Quesadilla with my friend :) I would definitely come again !
On our last day at the Cosmopolitan, we holed up in this restaurant to drink beer, eat burgers, and play a few hands of Rummy.  The service was on the slow side but since we didn't have anywhere to be, we didn't mind.
The Captain Hook fish salmon sandwich is one of my favorite burgers. I have tried to replicate it at home with meagre success.  It is very fresh, tasty and enormously satisfying.. . The place is a little loud, but a really fun time.
Best burger in Vegas!!  Their alcohol shakes were pretty light on the alcohol but still delicious.  We went there twice on our trip it was so good.
Boyfriend was craving for burgers on this past Vegas trip and asking my friends who live in Vegas they all referred me here because we wanted to keep it on the strip area. Holsteins is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel on the 3rd floor I believe...right behind the escalator. . . . Love the cool decor and paintings they have here, the music is really loud and it's cold in there so bring a jacket. Now on to the food, I got the lobster rolls which comes with a good portion size of 2 buns filled with yummy lobster and coleslaw inside and the mini buns are toasted. The boyfriend got the "gold standard" because the waiter convinced him that this was their most popular burger and boy did he love it...he loved the bacon, the dry aged beef and the baby arugula with it. The fries that it came with were also really good. Prices are decent with the amount of food they gave. . . Sad to say that I did not get the lobster mac and cheese nor their shakes but I will be back on my next trip to try them.
One of the great places for burgers.. . From the beef to the buns. Its worth the price of the burger. . . We enjoyed the selection and simplicity of the menu. There is not much other than enjoy the burgers. . . Condiment are not necessary as it will take away the taste and make up of the burgers.
Great experience and the service (Charles) is top notch!!! Ordered Greener Pastures and Gold Standard. Good Standard came out a bit overcooked but otherwise amazing!!!
Once again there was no wait to get seated at the bar since I was dining alone (one of the perks of traveling alone). One of my friends had recommended I give Holsteins a try because of their boozy adult shakes and floats. Yum, who can resist! . . I gave the brown cow a try - an adult version of a root beer float with whipped cream vodka in it, yummy! For dinner I started to ask the bartender which of 3 different burgers was the best and the first I mentioned was "the Gold Standard" and before I could continue he said "The Gold Standard"! I said "really? better than the Nom Nom Burger (with kobe beef) and he said "yes!". Well that made my decision pretty easy, the Gold standard it is. . . Wow, what a delicious burger! I loved the combination of tomato confit, and the goat cheddar cheese, and of course bacon makes everything better! I substituted regular fries for sweet potato fries, which were so crispy and delicious I could have eaten them all night!
Shakes are awesome. Food sounds very creative, comes out just a bit wanting from the description but was still tasty. Just not as tasty as the descriptions sound. Philly Cheesesteak Eggrolls were my favorite, the dipping sauce it came with added a whole other level of flavor.
Sweet baby Jesus. I love burgers. When I work internationally and then come back home, I'm possessed by many thoughts - in the top 3 is I need a burger. I recently got back to the US and went to Vegas. I went to Burger Bar and got the Kobe burger, and hate me if you must but I was searching for another burger. . Enter the Gold Standard which I'm still digesting. Thank you for helping me cross that off the list, Gold Standard Burger! The arugula and the goat cheese made this burger over and over, though you would have caught me dipping it in ketchup bc it did get a bit dry without any traditional condiments. . So why 4 stars? Not bc ofservice bc our waiter Derek was awesome. It was the shake...I got the Drunken Monkey. And I love me some shakes, but maybe I liked the burger so much that it made the shake seem less impressive. The shake brought it down to 4 stars. But the burger and service were 5ers.
Pretty good place located in the Cosmopolitan for a great tasting burger. While I don't believe it's at the same level as BurGR by Gordon Ramsey in Planet Hollywood, they still offer delicious burgers and shakes,nonetheless, and should definitely be given a shot!. . The Place -. As I mentioned, Holstein's is located in The Cosmopolitan and is centrally located with everything else. It's fairly easy to find and doesn't require a great deal of navigation. Casino's in Vegas can tend to be very large and trying to find a restaurant within one is a challenge within itself, but Holstein's wasn't too hard to spot. At first glance, the place itself looks like a glorified cafe as the restaurant is very open in terms of people on the outside of the restaurant being able to look in. The decor is pretty modern, the bar is a pretty good size, and there's also, what seemed to be an impromptu, lounge area right in front of the bar for people to come in, sit on couches and socialize while still being able to enjoy the menu and the drinks. The lounge being right in front of the bar didn't look all that comfortable and appealing; however, with the right group of people and the right amount of drinks, I'm sure it would be fine for most haha. Because I sat at the bar, I didn't get a chance to see the rest of the restaurant; however, the kitchen looks to be exposed so that people can look in on the action going on at the back of the house and, as a customer, that's always interesting and nice to see. Not too bad, Holstein's.. **** 4/5 Stars ****. . The Service -. I was in Vegas for a conference and I came to Holstein's right after the last session ended, which was around 5:00pm or so on a Thursday. There, unfortunately, was no hostess to greet me; however, I chalk that up to them being particularly busy and probably running around. No biggie on my end as I was gonna end up sitting at the bar anyways, which I did; however, if I was a party hoping to get a table, having no hostess at the front would certainly make me question. I found an open seat at the bar and immediately by one of the most friendliest faces I've seen during my visit in Vegas. She was entertaining, down to earth, willing to talk with everyone at the bar, and wasn't afraid to razzle folks to try and get them to smile, which I didn't mind at all. The great service continued throughout with her making sure I was taken care of and when she had to leave for the day she made every effort to make sure I was ok and gave the next bartender updates on all her guests, which is always nice to see rather than someone leaving the next person in the dark. Great service, Holstein's and shout out to Bridgot for making my trip to Holstein's wonderful!!. ***** 5/5 Stars *****. . The Food -. Just like any other of the burger joints located in Vegas, there are many different options to choose from. Each burger has its own signature ingredient and level of appeal for everyone. With that being said, it'll be pretty difficult for someone to NOT find a burger that sounds delicious as there are many different burgers to indulge in. I settled for the Nom Nom Burger (See Picture) and decided to have that served with some onion rings instead of fries. First, the onion rings. Definitely not the best onion rings I've had in my life as you can probably tell they just came from a bag in the freezer; however, it got the job done and satisfied my craving for them. The Nom Nom Burger, which is kobe beef, cheddar cheese, 1000 Island Dressing, and potato chips (yes...potato chips....don't lie and say you never put potato chips in your cold cut sandwiches as a kid....I don't care who you are, EVERYONE did that and you would swear it was the best thing ever! Haha). The burger was perfectly cooked, the cheddar cheese and 1000 Island Dressing gave it that zest and creaminess it needed and then finally, the homemade potato chips, as it did in cold cut sandwiches, gave that textural difference and crunchiness that we always desire in our food. The only gripe I have about the potato chips is that there was no flavor to them, it was literally just there for the crunch, I wish they would've seasoned them with something to make it pop more. Other than that, I was fairly satisfied with my selection. Good job, Holstein's.. **** 4/5 Stars ****. . Overall -. Like I said, after comparing the burgers that I've had from BurGR to Holstein's, I would definitely choose BurGR; however, if you happen to be in The Cosmo and the mood for having a burger strikes you, this place can definitely deliver. I look forward to coming back and trying out the other options like The Gold Standard Burger, but all in all, not too shabby Holstein's! Thanks!
I was impressed with my dinner and experience at Holsteins. First, our server "Chaz" was very good at his job. When he first came to greet us he simply introduced himself and said he would be back with some water - it annoys me when you are barely sat down when the server asks if there is anything to get started...uh, yeah, some time to look at the menu perhaps.. For burgers they offer tiny buns (sliders) and big buns (a much more substantial burger). The burger is quite large - I would probably order the slider style on a return visit - keep your hunger level in mind when ordering. The burger itself (Memphis Burger)was very tasty and prepared perfectly. The fries were also perfectly prepared and they do give you a pretty large quantity. I did not try one of their "adult" shakes. The atmosphere is open and modern with plenty of tv's around if you want to watch a game.
First of all, this is a great place to eat at while in Vegas! Service was fast and patient since we wanted time to look at the menu. I ended up getting the rising sun burger with a fat boy shake. Oh man!! The burger was good and would definitely recommend it, but the shake was GREAT!
I love that amongst all the hoity toity spots at the Cosmo, there's a laidback burger joint.  Don't get me wrong, my dirty martini still cost $20, but it's a nice casual spot to grab a bite if you don't feel like having a waiter set the napkin on your lap and you want to be able to watch sports at the bar without feeling like a jerk towards your date.. . Our group of 7 showed up on a Saturday night, expecting a crazy house and a long wait because they don't take resos on the weekends, but surprisingly we were sat right away at a great table in the middle of the restaurant.  . . My date and I split a classic burger with bacon and cheddar (Lame, I know, but neither of us were that hungry),  as well as the calamari and some sweet potato fries.  Everything was really good.  The burger and calamari were good but nothing special.  The sweet potato fries, on the other hand, were DELICIOUS!  Nothing fancy about them, just simple sweet potato fries that were perfectly crunchy on the outside and hot and yummy on the inside with a hint of saltiness to compliment it's natural sweet flavor.  MMmmmm!. . This is a very fun and casual spot and you still feel like you're in the middle of all the excitement at Cosmo.  . . And though this is to be expected because it IS the Cosmo, our bill was was a LOT for what we ordered: $46 each, and we shared a burger. Wooo!
I opted for the El Machete b/c I wanted a little kick to my burger. What I didn't expect was the monstrosity of a burger I was about to get. Lucky for me, I was hungry but even then I barely polished it off. I made absolutely no dent in the fries but I don't normally care for them anyway.. . As for the burger- big, juicy, perfectlycooked. The toppings were really a bonus at that time. IMHO, this is something you probably want to split with someone especially if you're considering a shake to go with it. It's massive!
Great burgers! And gluten free buns available on request! Beware of the fries though,they are coated in flour.
I've been to Holstein's twice, and both times, I was really happy. My friends and I marveled at the beer selection, and started with the buffalo chicken dip on our server's recommendation. It was awesome!. . I went with El Machete, because I love spicy food. My burger was prepared well (medium rare), and it has quite the kick. Really, really good burger, better than I can get back home.. . The atmosphere is good, if not a little loud, and it is a little pricey for a burger joint, but I think it's worth it.
I've been to Vegas my fair share since I turned 21 and never even knew about Holsteins! I gave it a try and it was beyond delicious!. . I got the truffle lobster mac and cheese and half of the salmon burger. The burgers are so big and filling even though they don't look that big. My friend also got the billionaire burger which has foie gras and kobe beef with truffle mayo!!! the foie gras piece was a good size considering the burger was fairly expensive. They said it was really good as well.. . Service was good and prompt. Although the waiter at the table next to mine kept dropping water glasses causing loud noises throughout the dinner... HOPEFULLY he didn't get fired :/ . . The only bad thing was that they didn't allow one of my friends to bring in his Fat Tuesday which I can understand, but still somewhat of an annoyance!
Alcoholic milkshakes? I mean, whaaaaaat? When I first heard about it I thought it was absurd to mix milk and alcohol but after trying it... it was actually pretty good! I did not end up getting a buzz or anything but hayy youre in sin city so why not treat yourself?. . I ordered the Hen House burger with steak cut fries and the Drunken Monkey shake. I was more than satisfied and it was more than enough food. The burgers are big so be prepared to open wide! They are also extremely large so *clap clap* if you finish it all. The shake was delicious too! Im happy the waitress suggested the drunken monkey to me or else I would have fallen back on a classic oreo shake.... which I wouldnt have minded either :)
Best burger ever! A lot different choices, and all taste good. My favorite is rising sun, a good combination of Japanese and burger.
Great atmosphere and location inside the cosmopolitan. Hip and casual! I sat at the bar and Anna took great care of me. Great selection of beers and the burger is a must! Fries were crisp and delicious! Didn't have a chance to try a shake but I will be back to give one a try.
This place is located in Aria across from Marquee. I was told this was one of the top burger spots on the strip and they weren't lying. I would not recommend ordering appetizers if you're going for the burgers because the burgers themselves are really filling.. . I got the steakhouse burger which OMG, the meat patty melts in your mouth. -drool- My party each got different things but everyone said it was pretty amazing. The fries could be a little better but other than that I was not disappointed. The wait is also significantly less than BurgR across the way.
This place has been reviewed a bit on Yelp, and the 4-star is about par for the course. The atmosphere is very lively, but that might have been just because there was a Thursday night football game going on at the time of our meal. Either way, it definitely seems like the place gets a lot of action. Gotta love the decor of the place: cartoon cows . . We had the Thai Beef Salad, the Gold Standard, and the Oreo shake. Watch out for the Thai Beef Salad! It's good but it has a sweet/super spicy sauce mixed into it... it tasted a lot like Korean gochujang. The Gold Standard lived exactly to its expectations, but what else would expect from a $20 burger? And the Oreo shake was the perfect mix of thick consistency: not too watery but not thick enough that you feel like you need to suck your brains out through the straw. . . The place IS expensive (my only semi gripe about the place... it's hard to justify buying a $20 beef sandwich) but you're in Vegas so just deal with it! The place is far from a 'deal' meal, but I would still highly recommend it.
We came here craving burgers and thought this place looked great. A little bit of a walk if you're half-drunk and in stilettos, but I made it and live to tell about it. . . Burgers here may not be huge in diameter, but they are DENSE. Really delicious combos of flavors...I think it's hard to go wrong when you're ordering here. . . We had the S'mores boozy milkshake, which didn't really stack up to the price tag, but was tasty nonetheless. The house-made marshmallow on top was an awesome touch. You can easily split one of these with a friend and get more than enough. . . The service, decor, and people watching here is great. I would definitely return, at the very least to see another bachelorette party get heckled by the grossest tornado of bros (a bronado?) in the world. . . Go!
The ahi poke is filled with flavor. I reccomend this dish if you want something light to eat.  If you are hungry get the big fat greek lamb burger.  It was so filling and moist with a side of sweet potato fries!
great atmosphere, great burgers, and awesome drinks! The service was friendly and helpful!. We ordered the lobster mac N cheese which was good, the rising sun burger with a fried egg (ahhhhmazing), the steakhouse burger which was okay, and as far as drinks we got the birthday cake, oreo, and cereal bowl. All the drinks were delish. I ordered the birthday cake twice =D
I wish I would have been feeling better when we had dinner here, but I was under the weather so wasn't super hungry or in a drinking mooooood.   I had a Nom Nom Burger and it was really good.  My husband ordered the buffalo wings from the app menu and he loved them - said they had a good spice to them.  That was kind of the extent of what we ate and from that, I can definitely recommend the food.. . We arrived around 6 on a Sunday night and were seated promptly.  Our server was attentive and kept my water full and the food came out very quickly.  When we ordered, there was a lot of up-selling and recommendations - but since we ordered so little, I guess that is to be expected.. . But, overall, in our short, limited food experience, I had a good time and would return and/or recommend Holsteins to others.  In fact, I would definitely like to return to try some of those boozy shakes!
Not much I can say that hasn't been said before. The place IS loud at night as they DO have a DJ pumping out ultra-loud tunes, but my burger, and my wife's mini hot dogs, were very delicious so I could definitely see coming back here on our next vacation. We only had soda as we had been drinking free booze in the casino earlier in the evening, but they have a very extensive beer selection and numerous alcohol-laced shakes to choose from.
The shakes and appetizers are delicious! We didn't try the burgers because of previous reviews, but we would definitely return to Holsteins again and would recommend it to those who are looking for a casual meal.
The burgers here are really good!  They have such a variety of them.  The billionaire burger was rich in flavor and was very satiating.  Theirbam-boozled shakes (milkshake for adults) are really good.  They paired the alcohol so well with the shakes.  My favorite is the Tiramisu shake which was so decadent it was like drinking a dessert.  I will be back to try the other shakes and burgers!
Second best burger place on the strip in my opinion. I've had the "Gold Standard" and the "Nom Nom Burger", both of which are delicious
Yum! We were looking for something relaxed for our first dinner in Vegas and did a Yelp search for "burger." The Gordon Ramsey "BURGR" joint was packed, so we headed to Holstein's, located in the Cosmopolitan. . . We had about a 20 minute wait, though we got there around 9:00pm. They text you when your table is ready, which conveniently allows you to wander around the hotel for a bit. Service was great - very friendly. We liked the popcorn that is provided before the meal - tasted a bit like ranch, but apparently was salt and vinegar.. . I ordered the "Rising Sun" burger; my partner the "El Machete." I think the Rising Sun might have been more successful if they hadn't doused the patty (which was cooked to a perfect, almost medium rare "medium") with so much sauce (minus one star). I love salt, but even that was too much for me. The El Machete burger was also very good, with a quiet heat going on in the background thanks to a couple of mellowed Anaheim chiles.. . If we'd be hungrier, we might have sprung for one of the boozy shakes, which sounded lovely.
I had the classic burger and it was just perfect.   Juicy, mouth watering and perfectly cooked.  Brioche bun with a little sauce, tomatoes and super thin sliced onions.   Good, cheerful service too.  My only complaint is the wait quote for 45 minutes by the hostess when it took 6 minutes to seat us.
Great burgers and outrageous shakes! I know that is what they are known for, but they really go over the top. Called at 5:45 and asked for a table of 10 for 6:30 and they were able to accomodate me. The fact that they could make their milkshakes non-alcoholic was a treat for my kids. The burgers were delicious and satisfying for everyone.
Its what the name says, burgers and shakes.  We started with the wings and they were delicious.  The diablo burger had a kick but fell apart easy.  The ahi burger sliders were good but small.  The smores shake was heavenly.  Service was ok.  Place is casual for sure.
Great choice!! Had the Memphis Burger, filling and very tasty. Holstein's brew, which is PBR  is exactly what I needed to start my 2 day stay. I did ask for PBR and the waitstaff told me that Holsteins was PBR.
Really good but really pricey. This place is located on the 2nd floor of the cosmopolitan  and is always busy. The noise level is super loud so don't expect a quiet place for lunch or dinner. The staff is friendly and paid a decent amount of us despite the lunch rush. The burgers we got were both medium rare and perfect! I ordered the rising sun and my boyfriend ordered the golden standard. If you get the chance try the shakes!
I've been here on a couple of different trips and you can't go wrong with the food. I've had the Gold Standard (aged goat cheese and bacon) which was just smashing, and really, any place that volunteers a FRIED EGG on your burger is a winner in my book. The booze shakes are an extra plus (cause, aren't you keeping a consistent level of alcohol in your system at all times in Vegas anyway?). . . The service is good, the prices are reasonable, and overall it's a good strip-stop that's a happy medium of tasty-yet-affordable.
