Great hotel!!! It was very affordable and VERY clean! The look of the room was very nice too! All the rooms have been remodeled. I haven't seen any other hotels in Vegas but I would def stay here again. I think my girl and I got more than our moneys worth. Word of caution: their trop club where they reimburse you your losses DOES NOT APPLY TO TABLES!!! . The umm hostesses or whatever they are called are a little on the older side (I'm 26) just FYI
Nice, clean, comfortable rooms at a moderate price. Not as nice as the MGM but definitely nicer than Excalibur!  Valet parking is complimentary.  Hotel staff was courteous and helpful upon check in and the stay was pleasant.  Pool was closed but who wants to go in the pool when is freezing in Vegas anyway?! Word of advice... if you book a room in the Island tower, Beware of the lengthy walk from the hotel entrance/casino to the Island Tower. Not a pleasant experience after a long night, trying to make your way back to the room!
So, we came into town for the recent IRB Rugby 7's tournament. We got into town @ 8pm on a Friday and we mentioned that we had just recently gotten engaged. Sheila at the front desk congratulated us and offered us an upgrade to a Jr. Suite at no charge! We were pleasantly surprised to see a completely renovated tower (Island tower) new carpet, bathrooms and bedding. . One thing that sucks about the Island tower is that it takes forever to walk there from the front desk and you'd better be able to carry all of your luggage in one trip!. Very centrally located, free parking, friendly staff and a great little liquor/gift/snack shop.
Probably the best deal on South Vegas Blvd. I don't even mind paying the resort fee (around $9-10) b/c the owners are actually re- investing a lot of money remodeling the Tropicana. And the location is great, just a short walk on the sky bridge to the MGM.. . The one big downside to hotels like the Tropicana is the "motel" side of the hotel. If you purchase a basic room (or win a standard room on Priceline) they may try to give you a room in the motel part instead of the towers. Some hotels seem to have "special" rooms for Priceliners....... .  I politely asked for a tower room and was obliged BUT I have heard some hotels use such lower quality rooms as a marketing ploy - i.e., to collect upgrade fees.
I went to Las Vegas for a wedding photography convention at the MGM. I decided to stay at the Tropicana because of the good/great reviews on TripAdvisor.com & because of the location and price.. . The Tropicana has been renovated & is still going through more renovations...including the swimming pool area. . . The room seemed almost brand new. The bed, linens, desk, dresser, night stands, TV, and carpet all seemed to be like new. The only things that were not new, but were still okay, were the tiles on the bathroom floor and shower walls. My room was quiet, so I had no trouble sleeping.. . I plan on staying at the Tropicana again for the convention next year.
Big time changes here.  Stayed here in '03 for my bachelor party.  It was perfectly ehh for a completely drunken lack of sleep event.. . Then I stopped in to do some low dollar gambling during Labor Day weekend and was blown away at the renovations.  . . So the wife & I were going out to Vegas for a quick vacay in February and decided to give the Trop a chance.  We couldn't be more pleased.. . There are still massive outdoor renovations going on, but when they're done sometime this spring, the place will be incredible.  A seriously cheap value for the quality you're getting.  Is it Wynn or the Belaggio, of course not, but it's also a helluva a better deal.  . . Rooms were clean, current and new, plus spacious.
For those of you looking at the low average rating: ignore it. The rating is based on the OLD Tropicana, which I had walked through once in the past, and THIS is not the old Trop.. . . First off, the hotel remodel is nearly complete. When it is done, I think I may reconsider my four star rating and give it a five. The rooms are very nice, but obviously not Bellagio or Encore nice. Beds are comfortable, and the pillows are awesome. Pillows often get overlooked at hotels, or are not replaced often enough. Being that these are brand new right now, they are top notch.. . The Casino floor is very small and intimate. It is bright and inviting, unlike a lot of floors in Vegas. I didn't have much success, but a lot of people around me did. Really though, I never stay and gamble where I sleep, I like to get out and play everywhere, especially at the looser casinos downtown, and the Coast casinos.. . The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and when we had any issues, they were immediately taken care of.. . One thing I liked was that it was definitely a younger crowd, and we were lucky enough to be there when there was a college women's volleyball tournament going on. Yeah, that worked out.. . There are a few drawbacks right now, I would say chalked up to what seems to be working out the kinks in the system. Our rooms were supposed to have 2 beds, and they did not. To make up for it they comped our first night and moved us in the morning. . . Cafe Nikki was not what it should have been for the price. I think it may have been more poor execution in the kitchen that night. The wine list was a bit overpriced for what was supposed to be the "mid-level' restaurant at the hotel.. . Lastly, the pool is fantastic, and is going to be even better once Nikki Beach is done. One drawback: no outside beverages allowed AT ALL. they want to sell you their beer. Who am i to argue?. . . Overall, for the money this place is 100% worth it. Hopefully they don't do like other remodeled hotels do when they are done and get full of themselves and jack up prices (ahem, Planet Hollywood).
When I am traveling I am looking for cleanliness and comfort, not how flashy the casino is. The remodeled Tropicana offers exactly that. The room that my boyfriend and I stayed in wasvery spacious and nice with almost all the amenities a person could need. The room was very clean - no bed bugs or questionable stains. The furniture was all very comfortable and conducive to a good nights rest. The decor was fun and was the perfect theme for our spring break. We were also very surprised by the very large soaking tub in the bathroom. . . Our room was great, but there were a couple of cons. I would suggest that they invest some money on mini refrigerators for the rooms. When you spend 150$ on a gourmet meal and cannot finish the whole thing, it's sad to have to throw it away because you cannot properly refrigerate it. It would also be nice if they put coffee makers in the rooms. I read other reviews that mentioned that one could be requested, but even if that is the case, it still seemed odd, since that comes standard in most rooms. They also should not tell customers that their tower has a garden view when it does not. We did not pay for the strip view, so when they said we were in the tower overlooking the pool and gardens I was just fine with that, since their gardens are beautiful. We had a view of the airport. Nothing but tarmac baby! It's not a huge deal, but I appreciate honesty. . . The overall hotel looks very nice, and I am sure it will look even better once they are completely finished remodeling. The pool area was very nice, and will be awesome once Nikki beach is finished. It was still a bit too cold in March to spend a long time in the pool, but the large hot tubs were fun. I am not a gambler, so I really could care less that the casino area was smaller than the others. People should realize that it does not matter the size, since they all take your money just the same! I cannot really comment on the restaurants. We did eat brunch at Cafe Nikki. I thought the restaurant looked very beautiful, but thought it was overpriced for what they were serving ($11 for my scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and hash browns and $12 for my boyfriends cheeseburger), but I guess everything in Las Vegas is overpriced. The hotel staff seemed very friendly, but I only saw them when we checked in and out, so I cannot really comment on that either. . . I would say that our overall stay was very nice. As poor college students, we really could not beat the price. We had a great time here, and I would recommend staying at the Tropicana to others!
the new renovations that this place has gone under are fabulous... it still has the old vegas tropicana feel but with a more polished look.  since its an OG on the strip the rates are reasonable.. stayed on a sunday and monday for $26 (plus tax) each night.  you cant beat that price, its located in a great spot, your on the strip, the restaurants arent too expensive (for vegas prices) and the staff is the old timers that really appreciate where they are at (or at least everyone i dealt with). . it was nice to be upgraded for free just cuz i chatted with the front desk lady about dumb & dumber.  . my luck began there and carried onto the tables!! $10 tables area plus for a casino on the strip.
While planning my Vegas wedding we decided to go cheaper and take a chance on the Tropicana. Boy, are we happy we did! It was exactly what we wanted: Clean, modern, quiet, and comfy. We are not gamblers but we did play $5 and got back $25. (Yay) Checking in was great with Kimberlee, she was very friendly and seemed to know a lot about the hotel. She answered all our many questions and remained very sweet. . . The hotel steamed my wedding dress with same day service and left it at the front desk for my conveinence. They only charged $65 as compared to other hotels I had called before ($95 was the cheapest I could find online.) I never had to wait long for a taxi and with the monorail across the street at the MGM Grand it was very conveinent. I loved the island theme and we loved most of all: The music. No club music, no current hits. Just GOOD music. All 4 days. In the elevator, restaurant, casino... wherever we went there was good music. . . I would give 5 stars but the only 2 things wrong - 1. Not the best tv channels. (Not really an important thing when on vacation but it is to me), 2. Most rooms with a king size bed have a view of the airport. It was explained to me: That's how they built it and they apologize now. It didn't bother me since there was no noise and it was kinda romantic with the dim lighting so no harm, no foul. . . Thank you Tropicana for keeping my hectic wedding trip serene when I needed some beauty rest. :)
Nice, modern, and very clean hotel rooms. We stayed over at paradise tower. Affordable rates. It's located on the end of the strip near New York New York and right across from MGM. However, it is walkable distance to the main strip area. (Not in heels though, at least not for me). One room with two full (or maybe it was queen) beds is spacious enough for four people. Casino is small, with only maybe 10-15 tables. Didn't get to check out the pool since the weather wasn't that warm, but it looked nice, just a little on the small side.
After an unfortunate staff snafu on check in, we settled into our suite. Our room was lovely, well appointed and had a very comfortable bed. The overall ambience of the hotel's remodeled portions is great. It's a much more clean and modern experience than Vegas's over-the-top hotels. We enjoyed Cafe Nikki's breakfast bar each morning with its generous selection of fresh fruits, berries, great coffee and fresh-squeezed juices. Server assistant Amanda was so sweet and friendly. The patio overlooking the pool is also a plus. We also dined at Bacio and the food and service were both great. . . We will likely stay here again, although I hope they work out their front desk issues before then!
Great location, nice sized room, comfortable, clean.  HUGE flat screen TV in the room.  Booked for $39/night on hotels.com.  The whole hotel is scented like coconuts!  Nice attention to detail, Tropicana.. . I loved the pool. The renovation is really beautiful: tropical atmosphere, lots of lounge chairs, nice pool, bar, waterfalls, lots of greenery.  A lot of Vegas hotels have really skimpy pools, but this one is pretty nice.  . . Downsides: the cheesy Resort Fee which added 10 bucks/night to the cost of the stay, the rooms don't have curtains, but rather these blind thingies that don't allow you to black out the room to sleep.
What a pleasant suprise! In comparison to other hotels on the same level as Tropicana i have to say they are now the best. Our standard room was HUGE (5 girls gettin ready no prob) and the beds were insanely comfortable. The staff was very pleasant at every point and the hotel itself was very clean, no stench of cigarettes and lost fortunes. Most impressive oddly enough was the food, we ordered roomservice and hadsome of the best mac and cheese I've had for a long while. Biscayne (sp) was also amazing but I'll get to that in a different review. Same with Nikki beach, holy best time in Vegas. . . Why not the 5 stars? Well, 1. the smell of coconut throughout the lobby is unbearable. It's horrible and I don't know why they thought that would be a good idea. 2. We were wrongly advised about being allowed a rollaway in our room so one of our girls had to sleep on the floor, not ok. 3. Cold showers, for some reason one of us each day was for some random reason unlucky enough to have the hot water go out on them (even when not the last person). But all n all i will return.
An impromptu roadtrip sends me to search for the best deal and I think I have found it. Nice clean and newly remodeled rooms. The casino is nice and I can breath. Great pool with plenty of chairs. Great location that is close to everything. i think the resort fee kind of sucks. Just make the room more and forget about all these damn fees. With taxes up the wazoo it's suck a shame that you think you're getting one price but after you've been taxed and feed it's so much more. I would stay here again
The renovations seem to have paid off!. . Went here recently for a bachelor party weekend.  I've only stayed on the north end of the strip but after this experience may come south more often.  It's less crowded but also less energetic, so a good base to start from.. . Rooms - Big.  Two incredibly comfortable queens with plenty of floor space, the biggest bathroom on a standard room I've ever seen, and a very nice HDTV.  Views of Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  Even the in-room art was good; different in all the rooms and a great style unlike the usual junk most hotels buy in bulk.. . Gaming - Uncrowded.  I guess the former stigma kept the floors from being too full.  Our group of nine never had a problem grabbing a blackjack table, playing craps, or doing anything in general.  Lack of crowds meant low-limit tables as well.. . Pool - Nice area and a great deal on the cabanas.  Unfortunately, this is not like some of the other casino's "seen-and-be-seen" types of pools so if you're into people-watching you'll be disappointed.  Most of the crowd was older.  Even Nikki Beach seemed empty while we were there.. . Food - Again, a bit underwhelming in terms of options.  We headed over to New York, New York or MGM Grand for most meals.. . Atmosphere - There's no hook at Tropicana (no lions like MGM, or fountains like Bellagio, or Sirens show like TI), so it feels a little less energetic, less of a modern Strip experience.  The shows and club aren't as noteworthy as other places either.. . Obviously Tropicana is making an effort to let people know they've changed, so for now rates and table minimums are pretty low for the Strip.  Definitely worth looking at as a good base to start at but not an all-inclusive like you would consider the Venetian or Caesar's.
...........wow. It's pretty damn nice in here now. Contrary to popular belief renovation can take a place pretty far.. . The smell was a tad overpowering (Coconuts/Cocoa Butter DO smell very good, but was that much of it really necessary?), but it's so awesome how they've modernized and revitalized this place without taking away it's old school charm. It felt like a total throwback to what I imagined Vegas would have been like in the early 60's. Loved the new pool area as well.. . Can't say any of the restaurants really appealed to me, but I would like to check out the Mob Experience exhibit sometime soon. I love what they've done to this place and am looking forward to all the other new things they plan to bring to the table. Good to see that the Trop has proved that those ancient relics CAN keep up and compete with the newer places.
I am not sure if it was because the casino was recently renovated and it was Memorial Day Weekend, but the staff was so pleasant. One guy even walked us all the way through the casino so that we could find our room. The entire hotel smells like coconut. Nice touch- but I got sick of smelling it. The restaurants were very expensive and it wasn't a lot of food for what you pay for. The room was very spacious. They made very good use of the space. I liked the "South Beach" decor and the 42' tv was a nice touch. Very comfortable bed- if that is one of your main concerns, I recommend staying at the Tropicana.
I like renovated spaces - and this place was that. It had a cool vibe - not too too big. LOW ceilings. Nikki is waking this place up for realz.
Nice would stay here again clean only problem is there's nothing to eat here that's all everything else great.
Why all the hate for the Tropicana? I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical when Hotwire booked me here, remembering what it was like when I came through in 2006. I was pleasantly surprised to discover, however, that the newly-remodelled Tropicana is quite nice! We had a nice room with a very comfy bed and I loved the oversized tub in the bathroom. The staff was all very friendly and checking-in and out was a breeze. The location of the Tropicana is also ideal for spending time in the Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excaliber, MGM, Monte Carlo area. We walked all over and had a blast. I would definitely recommend the Tropicana to friends and look forward to staying there again.
Nice hotel and nice price. I like the renovations they did and the front desk was very nice. They upgraded us to a Jr. Suite and it was very comfortable. Room came with flat screen tv and nice mattress. . . Kinda far to walk to the rooms. Parking is easy in self park area.. Pool area was nice. I would return to this property.
I had stayed here back in January for a work related convention.  I believe that they were still in the process of remodeling the resort, but I was still pleasantly surprised.  The rooms were very clean and the beds were very comfortable.  If you are looking for a party place that you don't have to go anywhere else, this might not be your place.  But if you are just looking for a nice comfortable place to stay and gamble a little while still being in the strip, check this place out. The staff was friendly and very helpful when I needed anything.  I would definitely stay here again.
I had a great experience here.  My husband had to go to Las Vegas for labor day weekend for a job and I tagged along.  When I heard we were going to be staying at the Tropicana, I figured it wouldn't be overly luxurious-- it was free for us though (paid for by the company that hired my husband), so I didn't worry about it.  . . When we arrived in the evening, the front desk was swamped with some visibly perturbed and grumpy guests (I asume due to the holiday).  I took our bags and sat down while my husband waited to check us in.  The desk clerk was still friendly considering her situation and clearly overwhelmed by some flat out rude guests.  It's not her fault, people!  My husband sympathized and told her she was doing a great job for being so busy.  It pays to be nice, because she told us she gave us a "nicer" room.  . . Having no idea what to expect, we were blown away to open our door and find a... hallway.  She had set us up in a suite with a bar, a living room, and the most amazing view I've ever had on the strip.  The rest of the stay was equally enjoyable.  I've heard that they've since remodeled so I may try them again sometime.  I don't know that girl's name- but thank you!  You made a great impression.  . . Karma, folks.. . *P.S.:  Love that Nicole of Tropicana responded below- that just shows above and beyond customer service practices!  Whatever new changes Tropicana has been making, they're good.  Hope to see your overall rating go up from now on.. . I've increased my rating from 4 to 5.  As Anna P. said, "It still ain't the Bellagio" but the service I've experienced personally makes them great in my eyes.  I'll take nice workers over ritzy buildings (Although, give me both and I'm a HAPPY camper ; )
I'm impressed. Totally different from the old Tropicana that was worn down through years of neglect and abuse. It's shockingly nice and modern. I challenge people to check this place out. It's going to be a pleasant surprise.
Our flight got in around 10 am on a Tuesday, we got our rental car and came straight to the hotel.  Despite check in time of 3pm, our room was ready to go at 10:30 and the woman at the desk was great.  Super friendly, warned us that for a king bed (as opposed to 2 double beds) our room would have views of the airport and mountains instead of the strip, but would also have more space. Since we didn't come to stay in the room and just look at the strip, we didn't mind.  . What we came for was the pool; and it was great.  I'm a fan of Nikki Beach no matter where I go, and I loved that I could stay at the hotel that hosts it and for a ridiculously low rate.  Granted, we stayed Tuesday-Friday before prices spiked.  Nikki Beach is separate from the hotel pool, and on the first couple days here Nikki beach pool was closed so I went to the hotel pool.  Free to get in but the drinks-OMG.  Approx. $1/oz for the specialty cocktails, but from 16 oz's up you get a free plastic cup which is perfect for taking back to the room and refilling with your own concoctions, which brings me to another point-get a fridge in your room! They charge $15/day unless you have a medical condition, and then it's free (hint). :). The room itself was great, some minor things overlooked like the hotel room menu was sticky and gross but whatever.  The bed was nice but a little too squishy perhaps, and the ceilings were LOW.  I am a tall girl, and when I'd lift my arms in the shower they inevitably hit the ceiling where there's a painted-over opening to a crawl space or something...kinda nasty.  . As for the coconut smell, I like coconuts and it was never overwhelming.  It did come on strong at the congested valet area/main hotel entrance but faded out.  Also, I'm really sensitive to the smell of cigarette smoke and I barely smelled it during our stay, never felt the need to wash it out of my hair either.  . Major downfall was the heat during our stay, and the fact that the Tropicana is at the very south end of the Strip meaning long, HOT walks and I wasn't willing to drop $30 for a 3 day tram pass, but I stayed entertained on property for the most part... a $20 cab ride (including the $5 tip) to the Venetian and an hour+ walk back, weaving through casinos for their AC. Overall pleasant stay, great staff, great rates.  I hope they don't hike up the prices, we will definitely stay here again.
I like it!  The Tropicana is on what I think of as the "nicer" end of the Strip and you can easily hit MGM and New York, New York via skywalks.  Big facility, so expect to do a lot of walking.  Two pools, places to eat and buy Vegas schwag, killer money back promotion with player's club membership.  The rooms are fine, though ours was maybe not as clean as it could be.  Good room service food.  Great casino with plenty of options and fun dealers.  Pretty much everything a hotel/casino should be.
Tropicana's going through a bunch of remodeling work.  During this time period, it's a pretty decent opportunity.  The facilities are good, it's not over crowded, and the price is reasonable.  Once all the remodeling is done, perhaps it won't be as reasonable anymore.. . we got upgraded to one of the suites.  it was extremely comfortable and spacious.   The staff was friendly and generally helpful.  They gave us a 3pm late checkout, and a 10am early checkin.   Overall good experience.  Better than I was expecting.
It was clean and nice.  Nicely renovated.
Tropicana is a breath of fresh air on the South run-down side of the Strip.. Bright lights, clean, and streamlined, and a wonderful casino area.. Giuseppe at the Roulette table was a KING.. Nikki Beach was a blast, great DJ, fun dance area, not-so-cheeky bouncers.. Good on ya, Tropicana.
Purchased a groupon for Tropicana as a last minute trip and it was a pretty good deal in my opinion. I've heard of horror stories about the hotel prior to their renovation. Everything was very clean and the staff was friendly. Although I probably wouldn't stay here again, it was right for the money. The groupon also came with a bottle of ciroc or tequila, which was pretty awesome but only lasted us 4 about 5 minutes LOL.
This was my first time staying at the Tropicana and I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were clean and modern.  The entire hotel had a coconut aroma that was nice since most of the casinos reek of cigarette smoke.  We stayed on the 22nd floor of the Paradise section which was very close to the entrance/exit. Unfortunately our room view wasnt that impressive, we wanted a strip view but had a view of the back of the strip. Checkout/In was easy and no drama. They cleaned our rooms and we had no major problems with the room. One day the hot water was out but it came back on within minutes. The location was great and close to outide cheaper eats. There wasnt a big selection of restaurants in the hotel and I didnt like the fact that you had to pay extra to go to Nikki Beach which we didnt. The pool area was very cool with lots of lounge chairs and just an overall nice and relaxing ambience. I felt like I was on an island in the caribbean while chillaxin by the pool. We did see more fancier with better amenities at other hotels on the strip. However, I would return to the Tropicana.
I LOVE the tropicana. This was our first time staying at the Tropicana and I was really curious to see all the new renovation. My boyfriend attempted the twenty-dollar trick when we checked in and it worked! They bumped us up to the paradise suite, which was amaaazzinggg. The casino is AWESOME. The dealers are really nice. Some of them teach you how to play the game if you don't know how. I TOTALLY would come back and stay at the tropicana. Even if you're at the end of the strip, everything is still in walking distance.
Tropicana isn't your typical decadent and overdone hotel  in Vegas.  It's just a normal, old fashioned hotel that has survived along with The Flamingo.  Older hotels like these two didn't make it, such as Dunes, Stardust, and Sands.  . . Friendly dealers, friendly staff, a normal casino with no stupid themes, and good enough rooms make the Tropicana a good choice for any Vegas trip.  Doesn't have all the amenities other hot hotels have, but it gets the job done.   Close to the MGM and New York New York.  Only problem is its not centrally located on the strip.   I personally hate walking the strip, so I didn't make it north of Paris.
Casino only: Wow!  What a remodel!  Everything in the casino is fresh, clean, and white which give a feel of openness.  This is still a small casino when compared to the newer properties, but in a good way.  Nice poker room located along side the sports book in an out of the way corner of the casino so it is quite.  Only complaint was that patrons were allowed to smoke in the area just outside the smoke free poker room and the drift in was at times annoying.  Cocktail service was fair - had to go out to the bar to ask for a bottle of water.  The poker tournament that day was only one table but will hopefully pick up when people discover this nice location.  Staff were over the top helpful and courteous.
i stay at the tropicana every time i come to Las Vegas. i don't have much of a basis for comparision, Vegas hotel-wise, but i usually end up in LV via a road trip, where motels are not uncommon, and the price for a room at tropicana is about the same as any motel i've been to and the tropicana obviously has more to offer. i've never paid over $60 for a night and it's quiet. new york, new york and MGM are right across the street.. . they have a great pool too. the jacuzzi was hidden away but i found it and thoroughly enjoyed it.
Rooms were nice.. Location is great. It's walkable to alot of places.! We enjoyed staying here. I would consider staying Here again:)
We went to Vegas in August. Though we did not stay in Tropicana, we meet-up some friends and stayed there for almost a day. . . The hotel itself is very clean and has the coconut smell or vanilla coconut smell all over the place. It was nice!. . Our main purpose is just to go swimming. It is hard to find the pool and the jacuzzi! Even their own staff has no clue where the pool is located! Hahah! The cabana swimming pool area was good but the actual swimming pool is too small. Dress code is enforced and if your dudes do not have the proper swimming shorts then you can buy one at their store for $40. ridiculous!
Being one of the oldest properties on the Vegas Strip it's about time the Tropicana had a make over.  Just glad they didn't demo it for a new casino. I love what they've done with the place.  Newly renovated this place screams new. . . The bright white exterior really stands out at night and like a moth attracted to light I'm always drowned to looking when passing by.  Bright lit  interior, don't know who nikki is but he or she has a beach, club, and cafe, clean new non-smoking sports book area, everything is new here.  Big improvement from what was there before which was old, dark, and funny smiling.. . I haven't tried any of the restaurants here yet but I'm pretty sure they've also improved on the buffet they have before which was horrible.  I really need to check out the rest of property.
Pretty nice for an old hotel..... . As one of the older hotels in Sin City, I was a bit skeptical when my man said he booked a room for us here for the weekend.  Not that I'm all zsa zsa  and need the Wynn, but I was thinking the Tropicana would be like smelly ol Stratosphere (see my past review).  Boy was I wrong!. . The service was great.  Our check in girl was really nice and for whatever reason upgraded us to a better room with a view.   No extra charge ( I don't know what my man paid exactly for the room, but he said it was around low 100's on Expedia).  When I called for extra towels, housekeeping was pretty quick.  . . Apparently they have done some big renovations with this hotel.  Our room was pretty spacious, looked and smelled clean, view of the strip and the decor was simple yet nice.  Loved the coconut vanilla-y smell, I really felt like I was somewhere tropical! The funniest part was the MIRRORED CEILING over the bed and mirrored closets to the side.  BOW CHICKA BOW WOW....did our lady give us the ol 70's porn room???!!!. . I recommend the Tropicana, great place that won't put a huge dent in your wallet!
I am currently staying at Tropicana as we speak while checking out the Sema Show with my husband. Check in was a BREEZE! NO LINES, i repeat, NO LINES!  we arrived at 8pm ish and got  a room in the paradise tower, literally two steps from the strip.  we have a strip view and the remodeled rooms are amazing!! everyone here has been friendly and we are having a great time! . . Nothing to complain about, this remodel has done Tropicana a lot of good.  I talked to nicole, the manager, before my arrival and told her we were here for our anniversary, she promised a check in surprise, but we didn't receive anything (maybe because we went to eat after checking in though), but that's okay.  can't complain about anything I don't pay for!. . All in all, I would say that we WILL be back!
It's truly a shame that Trop seems to be disintegrating because their rooms look so aesthetically pleasing.. . So does the rest of their renovation. I love faux tropical settings!. . Slots were not bad to me either; neither were their table games. The pool looked mighty gorgeous. But they seem to be losing all their shows, themes, and concepts...and that's sad.
I stayed here for a week long conference for work.  The conference area was away from the main lobby (and all the smoke) The conference rooms were always really cold, though. The banquet food and catered luncheon was delicious. . . The rooms were good quality, too.  Very spacious shower/bathroom.  Plenty of room for 4 people. . . To end the week, we went to Club Nikki. They were always giving away free admission and free drinks. . . One complaint (but not really) is that there weren't many choices for tables at the casino. We walked to the neighboring hotels to find table to play at.  But the video slot machines were plentiful and not lacking. . . Another issue we had was the Wi-Fi connection in our room.  When we called the service desk, they transfer ed us to Cox.  Even the service rep at Cox was wondering why we were transfer ed to them. . . I would recommend to others.  However, it might be a bit pricey.  Even though our rate was a conference rate, it was still pretty pricey.
We are currently finishing up a 4 night stay.  This is a first time in Vegas and we picked the Tropicana based on reviews and we were looking for a little less glitz.. . The Good - . Rooms have been redone and are great.  Very bright and open, nice desk area, large bathroom with corner tub and a large flat screen.  The casino is bright and open, which I like.  One of the previous reviewers didn't like the white floor, but I like the bright feeling. Check in was a breeze, the car rental rates here are great, they were half of my corporate Enterprise rate.  All of the staff was very friendly and helpful.. . Could Have Been Better -. Coffee should be provided in the rooms.  Maybe this is a Vegas thing, but in my business travels, even Super 8 has in room coffee.  We were on the 16th floor of the Conference Wing and had to go to the lobby to get coffee.  Many times the line was extremely long with conference goers so we had to walk to the Starbucks in the main building.  Also, an in room frig would be nice.  We often had leftovers from restaurants but no place to keep them.  Finally, some type of casual dining for breakfast would be great.. . Overall, we enjoyed our stay, the staff is extremely nice.  We will stay again.
Tropicana was an oasis in the desert.  Yeah, some of the other hotels on the strip have more glitz and glamour, but they also have more people and strange smells.. . We checked in early around 1 p.m. without any problems.   It was nice to come back from a night out in Vegas to a more laid back atmosphere. . It was so nice to return to the Tropicana and not have to fight through a mob of people and don't take that comment the wrong way.  The Tropicana was plenty busy.  I think they just have a better layout in the Casio area than some of the other hotels. I think this is the perfect place to stay for first time Vegas goers. .   I like that the decor in the Tropicana it is light and bright.  It just felt like you were staying in a Casino near the beach.  . Our room was clean.  Our bathroom had a big tub and a hair dryer in it.  I really like that they had a little makeup mirror in the bathroom.  .  You can easily walk over to MGM from the Tropicana and get on the monorail.  This came in handy since I'm not a huge fan of spending my vacation time walking around aimlessly.  . They have a nice little store right when you enter the Tropicana.  They have little souvenirs  and of course they have booze.  I received wonderful customer service from this store every time I visited it.  I wish they sold stamps in this store.  That would have come in handy.
It's been a while since I was in here!  I think I took my mother in law to see the body exhibit?  Anyway, we decided to take her in to see the remodel and to let her try her hand a gambling.. . The remodel is beautiful.  Now very  much a modern resort like feel.  Color scheme is appealing and the walking around, the staff are friendly and things seem spread out.. . It didn't matter where we were, there was a hint of coconut oil in the air.  I never saw the new rooms, but the outside and casino floor updates are sharp.  Thumbs up for this old property remodel!
This year I decided to make myself happy and have a holiday season with limited visits to the parents and the in-laws.  I had a LivingSocial.com voucher that needed to be redeemed by the years end so I booked a getaway here for the husband and I over the Thanksgiving holiday. I was impressed. I know its an older property but the attention paid to the rooms and the main areas was nice.  For an older venue it cleaned up nicely.  The front desk reception still needs some attention (its dingy and outdated. and can someone explain why are the ceilings are SO LOW?) as does the outside facade.   But inside the rooms are modern and I like the whole take on the "Modern Miami" aesthetic.  Service at the restaurants was friendly and prompt. I'd return and recommend it.
The worst thing about the Tropicana is its poor reputation. I pricelined a 4 star on the N or S Strip and was sorely disappointed when the Tropicana came back as the winner BUT I was wrong to be so upset. This hotel is clean and nicely done. It does NOT have the cheese factor of almost every hotel on the strip. The casino is small but to me that is a positive. I stayed in the casino tower and what a great location. Close to the elevators and a short walk to the front door. Yes, they charge a $15 per day resort fee, but don't all of the hotels charge that? Parking and wifi is inclusive of the resort fee. You do get hit in the face with the scent of coconut which is obnoxious to me because I tend to associate the smell of coconut to oily strippers. The only real negative is the lack of food options. The food court pizza place is awful but they have a Starbucks so you can grab something small to eat there instead of the dry salted pizza. Would gladly stay there again.
I recently stayed at the Tropicana for six days to attend a Latin Dance competition. The hotel has been completely renovated. We had a beautiful, fairly large room with a lovely view of the strip. The room was immaculate. Everything was new and in good taste. The staff was friendly and helpful. I had some trouble connecting to their wi-fi and the problem was fixed immediately. They still are fixing it up but for the price of a room and what you get, it is a great deal. The spa and fitness room are top notch. The poollooked beautiful although it was too cold to swim.
Recently trekked through the casino and found it wonderfully renovated. The casino pit looked nice and modern. No overpowering cigarette smoke and seemed fresh and clean.  Public restrooms were nearly brand new with brand new fixtures. Food court looked inviting and clean, although I didn't try the food. Yes it's an older property and like a cat has 9 lives, but who knows for how long? Overall a great face lift and I wish them the best. Not many of the classic names left, the real Las Vegas. Good luck Tropicana.
Recently stayed here for my first trip to Vegas. . . Here's my rundown..  . Pros:. - The beds were really comfortable. - The rooms were clean. - Self Parking was never full, and you don't need to go up countless levels to find a spot. It's all right there.. - The grounds are quite beautiful. - Bathrooms in the rooms were huge, including a fairly large tub. . - Recycled Percussion show is right in the Tropicana, and it's fantastic. . . Cons:. - The rooms, though clean, smelled of smoke even though they were "non-smoking." . - It's true about the AC, it sucks. But, turn it to high fan and off of auto and it helps out. The lowest I could get the temp was 67, and this was in January. . - Check-in was a nightmare. The rooms weren't ready when we arrived, and they forgot to put the request in to have them cleaned. It ended up taking 4 hours of waiting to get our rooms. . - If you're in the back tower, (Club tower, I think it was called?) Then it's a really long walk from the front entrance or from the parking to get to your room.. . Overall, I would say I enjoyed staying here, especially since we got the rooms for around $40/night. Can't beat that for a clean room on the strip.
I had an amazing time staying here during my trip to Vegas (with the help of the groupon voucher I bought). the renovated rooms in the Paradise Tower were really nice, very cozy! we had the view of the pool (which I seem to always get whenever I go to Vegas). Its off at the end of the strip, which I thought I was going to hate but it was nice because I got to see almost all of the strip instead of just the center (since the last time I went I stayed at the Venetian and whenever I went with family of course we had to just sight see the center and always busy part of the strip). the one downside was the lighting in the room.. its very dim so if you want good lighting to do your make up, use the bathroom or open the blinds!. . everyone seem to be complaining about check-in.. I had a great front desk attendant when I checked in. it was quick, we got our bottle of vodka, she was super friendly and jolly, even recommended some places for us to grab dinner (since we didn't get to check in until 10 pm, the options were quite limited..)
my recent stay at the tropicana was great, the staff are helpful always smiling and the gambling areas                                                                                                       are wide open and spacious and you don't get that overwhelming cigarette smell you do when entering the other casinos, i had a fabulous corner suite and the breakfasts and my dinner was quite good, service and food, i also want to commend the great service at the spa and to linda mcdonald for making my stay enjoyable and i thought the renovations are coming along just fine !!!
The new, updated Tropicana is a light, airy hotel and casino. The bed was very comfortable and the large soaking tub was wonderful! Service was excellent.  It smells delicious, too! Very nice property.
Stayed at Tropicana in December, I won a trip to Vegas and my choices were either Tropicana or an off-strip casino.  Very glad I picked Tropicana.  . . We had an early flight, so we went to check in at 8am.  Got a room right away, only problem was it was a smoking room and we reserved a non-smoking room.  No problem, a non-smoking room wouldn't be available till later in the day, but we could leave our stuff in the smoking room.  Our non-smoking room was ready early, they sent a bellman up to our room to exchange keys so I didn't have to go all the way back to the front desk. . . The new room was great.  It was obvious that the rooms had been recently redone.  Minor issue, housekeeping could spend a little more time on the bathroom.  Shower had a couple obvious mold spots.  I normally don't sleep well in hotels, but this might have been the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept on.  In room Wi-Fi included in the "resort fee", so that was nice.  . . The gaming area was nice, dealers were very friendly and helpful to those that needed a little advice.  I like the fact that, as opposed to other casinos, Tropicana has opted for a light color scheme.  In some casinos, even in the middle of the afternoon it can seem like midnight.  . . Only restaurant we tried was the Beach Cafe.  Food was good, service was friendly, nothing extraordinary.  I would say that our one complaint would be there weren't a lot of food options, but this is a smaller casino.  . . Overall we really enjoyed ourselves, we're planning another trip in the fall and I think Tropicana is where we're going to stay
I booked my room through hotels.com 3 months in advance for about 75 a night which is awesome since it was for a holiday weekend (presidents weekend). I was really nervous to stay here because I'm a bit of a hotel snob..... I've stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, Mandalay bay, ti, flamingo and Paris. I was happily surprised when I saw our room!!!. . We were in the far tower which kinda sucks but as long as the room was clean I didn't care.. . Pros. Comfortable bed. New decor. Lobby and casino area very clean. Large rooms. . Cons. Resort fees are high and don't include much. Air conditioner did not work!!!!! Had to be moved to a different room and the air still didn't work in the new room . Not a great selection of slot machines compared to most hotels. No dining options!!!! Room service was overpriced too. . Absolutely worth 75 a night. Wish the pool was open, it looked like a great pool. Not a fan of this side of the strip but overall I was very happy
Stayed he for a week and was really impressed with the transformation it has taken over the past few years.  Only complaints were hot hallways (ac issue?) and super limited channel selection, but can't beat it for the price!
I really have to say that Trop has made a serious effort to pull it together. While the age is still visible, I think it's a much nicer place to be than it was before (I revisited last summer but my visit before that was back when the Titanic exhibit was still there... long time). It definitely looks and feels cleaner. I do hate the parking garage so I have to agree with Samantha G on that. It always freaks me out a bit (especially the walk into the casino from there which tends to be a bit deserted). I've been here several times since the remodel and while it's not my fave place around, I no longer say "um, no thanks" when there's something interesting to do here.
I actually really enjoy this hotel.  The rooms are remodeled, the hotel staff are very accomodating, and my experience was great!
I was recently in town for a conference and stayed at the Trop for the better part of a week. This has been hands down one of the best Vegas trips I have had to date.. . I hadn't stayed at the hotel prior to the re-model and only read a few favorable comments on here before the departure, if any. . . We arrived at the hotel significantly earlier than expected and then front desk rep was so helpful. They took our bags and gave us a great recommendation for lunch close to the hotel; then called us as soon as a room opened up; so we got an early check-in.. . The room had a GREAT view of the strip, 40/42inch TV, and the bathroom had a noticeably large bath tub. The housekeeping staff was very sweet and friendly, brought us extra amenities for our extended stay.. . We ordered room service and the food was great (worthwhile to mention the beach cafe dinner and breakfast buffet was a great look)! But i was extra impressed with the gentleman who brought us our food. He came in and set up the table for us in the room, so i wanted to give him an extra tip cash -- he refused. I offered again and he pointed out that it would be double dipping since I had already taken care of the tip on my tab. I thought that was a really stand-up gesture. . . The only downside was not getting wifi for our conference, that was quite an issue and we didn't end up getting any wifi reception then either of the three days -- but that could have been a mishap with who ever booked the conference center; not sure. BUT we had no issues with the wifi in our rooms!. . all in all, a great stay -- and not to mention the tables were quite good to me.
I am out of the demographic.  I'm over 50 (actually over 60) and don't have tattoos.  But I liked the place for a few reasons:  . . - I like the miami style of a 60ish architecture and the furnishings. . - I'm not a big gambler, so it makes no difference that the casino seems smaller than others. . - The room rates were good.. - The pool was pretty darn big and clean.. - The view from our room west facing in the Club Tower (I think it was the Club; it's the one further back) was incredible.. - Staff were nice.. - Beach cafe wasn't expensive.. . Here's a complaint in general about Las Vegas and the modern world.  I am child of the sixties - the beatles, jimi hendrix, jefferson airplane, etc.  I've listened to whole lot of pop in my life and I certainly don't expect or want to hear the beatles on the sound system at the pool, or in the lobbies or casinos.  And I realize that 20-40 crowd with their tattoos probably likes the crap they play everywhere, BUT, hey can't they play just a little bit of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis?   I'd stay at any casino/hotel on the strip if I knew I could hear that music from the better times when America was in its prime.. . Anyway for what it's worth the Tropicana is okay by me.
Newly remodeled and it has been offering special rates for quite some time! Appearance looks much more modern and trendy than it used to...still on the small side compared to other hotels, but not bad! The dingy smoke smell is gone as well, and ventilation is much better!
Well the Trop sure has cleaned itself up since I was a tourist a few years ago!  I've been back a couple of times now since the remodel and I must say that I am impressed.. . Although it's gone through a lot of changes, I think they have still managed to keep that retro Vegas vibe.  Not sure if it's the color scheme or carpet pattern, but I like it.. . There are a few new restaurants as well, but I haven't tried any of them.  . . As a tourist, stop in to say you've seen a classic Vegas casino.  Maybe grab a drink or see a show.  Just don't be expecting all the bells and whistles the mega resorts offer.
Well, this review isn't for the hotel rooms as I didn't stay at the hotel although I strongly considered it as it's been remodeled, and they have been offering a very compelling offer. But a few of us chose to go a different hotel for this trip and evaluate them for a future stay after checking out their "remodeled" hotel/casino. As a long time Vegas visitor, I had never even visited Tropicana because it had a horrible reputation and there are so much better hotels than it. But, we decided to "play" at the Tropicana and sign up for their "Trop Plus" players card. The promotion was excellent (covers your loss up to $200), the atmosphere in the casino was pretty lively, great variety of slots despite not having that big of a casino, and just enough of a decent ventilation system so that you don't leave with black lung as you do in other casinos. We were happy with the South Beach decor, off-white wall colors and shutters, the bright colors, and the slight coconut smell was a nice touch, too. Only the orange-y carpet could be changed. It's a smaller hotel/casino but it had enough to keep most people happy I would think. The dealers were friendly...and those outfits some of the lady dealers wore...let's just say most guys would stay a bit longer at the tables. I did notice the crowd was a bit older than at the Hard Rock or Hooters, which actually is good at least for me. We were very happy with the casino and would very much like to try out the hotel next time I'm at Vegas.
Okay, we all know there are a lot bigger, newer and fancier places to stay on the strip but the Tropicana is a fine place to stay.. . I have stayed in both towers but prefer the Paradise Tower because its elevators open to the Casino floor. The rear tower is a longer walk but still not that bad cause you have a nice view of both pool areas as you walk between the Casino and rear tower. . . The rooms are clean and new with a fresh feel. I stay in non-smoking rooms. The bed is more than comfortable. Nice TV and desk area for laptop and writing. Bathroom is large and bright.. . Staff, in general are very helpful from the bellmen through registration to cocktail servers. . . Slots pay out pretty good.. . I like it enough to take them up on comped rooms whenever they offer them.. . . Paradise Tower up front near Las Vegas Blvd. is right off the Casino floor and front of the property.
Just got back from a two night stay at the Tropicana.. . Check-in:  the attitude of the front desk staff person was okay, nothing great.  But, she did hook me up with a nice room - facing the pool and the Strip.  So that was sweet.  Wait time was about 15 minutes, normal for Las Vegas hotels.. . Decor of the Lobby and the Casino:  One of the best I've seen so far of Strip hotels.  Very light, tropical, colorful feel to it.. . Pool:  Very nice pool.  Worth the price of admission.. . Casino:  Played craps.  Dealers and pit bosses seemed to have an attitude.  I'd play elsewhere.. . Food:  Ate at the Beach Cafe and Pellegrino Pizza and Deli.  Food was good enough but tourist prices.. . People Watching:  Some nice eye candy.. . I'd give it more of a 3.5 stars than a 4.  I'd go back and stay again though, just for the pool and decor.
I like coming here as it's not as crazy as the other casinos on the strip.  I love the poker room as it's quieter and staff knows us already, wheneverwe're in town we go straight here.. . Even though the hotel/casino has been refurbished, the slot machines were fairly new.  I have my own favorite and it gives me a little win each time I put my money in it!  Parking by the RPM was totally crazily planned...it will confuse you even when you're not even drunk! LOL!!!. . This place I like coming back every time I'm in Vegas! This place feels like 'home' away from home.
I stayed here over the long Memorial Day weekend.  The renovated rooms are great for the price I paid for the duration of my stay.  Note that if you are staying in the Club Tower, it's a long walk from the check in desk but it is away from all of the noise of the The Strip.  . . The pool and its staff are wonderful.  One of the pools is being renovated but the pool complex is large enough that you can still enjoy the part that is open!.  . I was a little disappointed in the casino.  It's not the best looking casino.
Great location, good value, for families/friends getaway.. . Tropicana is very well located on the strip - minutes walk to Mandalay Bay, New York New York, Excalibur, MGM and CityCenter; one of the closest hotels on the strip to the airport.. . Very affordable hotel, great value. It has a South Beach theme - relaxed and approachable. Although not luxurious, the room is nice, clean and comfortable enough. Free wifi and ipod/iphone dock are +s.  Since they just renovated, everything is kinda new.. . Overall it's a very decent choice for value-conscious families and friend getaways. I would not recommend it for romantic trips/honeymoons...
Upon booking the Tropicana for a recent trip to Vegas, I scoured Yelp and Trip Advisor for reviews. I have to say, most of them are dead on so I wasn't hit with any big surprises when we arrived. I emailed Nicole a few weeks prior to our trip to let her know we were celebrating a birthday and to request a room in the Paradise Tower, which is closest to the strip, as well as a fridge (which isn't usually included in Las Vegas rooms) to keep our alcohol and water. She was extremely friendly and accommodating and took care of us right from the start, even including the fridge free of charge!. . We arrived around 2PM on June 14 and luckily for us, no line up at check in. I was expecting the coconut scent that everyone talks about but I have to admit, upon entering it hit me like a ton of bricks! It's pretty strong and sweet smelling, but after a while you forget it's even there. We were greeted by Terry who was absolutely fantastic in ensuring we had everything we needed, he was so funny and friendly and took care of all of our requests. Our room was ready immediately which was great!. .  Once we got to our room I was SO impressed. It was great size with a HUGE, comfy bed, great view, big (updated) bathroom, iPod dock, flat screen TV, and the temperature was just right. Unlike some other reviewers, we had no issues with our AC and even found it to be a bit chilly! We did have a small issue with the fridge not being delivered right away, but once I called the front desk they took care of it. Everyone we encountered at this hotel was great, from the housekeeping to the front desk to the restaurants and casinos. The small gift shop in front was perfect for picking up some energy drinks and Pepto Bismol and the overall feel of the hotel was bright and inviting. I have previously stayed at Planet Hollywood and Monte Carlo, but I actually enjoyed the more low key aspect of this hotel as it was a calm escape from the craziness in the middle of the strip. Everything was within walking distance, which made getting around extremely easy. We were so happy to return 'home' to our hotel at the end of the day. Perhaps my only complaint is the lack of ambiance in the evening. During the day, the bright white decor of the hotel is LOVELY compared to the darker, dingy hotels on the strip. But in the evening it felt weird. The pool was FABULOUS, we had no issues finding spots and the drinks were perfectly cool and refreshing!. . Unfortunately, we did not spend too much time at the hotel nor did we check out the shows or restaurants (with the exception of Starbucks and Beach Cafe), but it looked like it had a ton to offer. I was fortunate enough to enjoy the spa and it was GREAT! The staff really go above and beyond at Tropicana, even tweeting me and calling up to our room to wish my boyfriend a Happy Birthday. Overall, I really enjoyed this hotel. I have an issue with everyone complaining about the resort fee. This is typical in Las Vegas and almost all of the hotels do it. If you don't like it, stay somewhere that advertises NO resort fee! Otherwise, don't complain. We were prepared for it and we used the pool facilities as well as the free wifi so it wasn't a big deal to me. Great job Tropicana!! I will be recommending this hotel to my friends and family!
Having stayed at the Tropicana on our honeymoon 5 years ago, I have a bit of a soft spot for the joint.. . The newly renovated rooms are great. We stayed in a room in the Paradise tower (at the front above the casino) and we had a great view across to NY NY and a little bit further down the strip. . . The bed was comfy and the bathroom was nice. The wi-fi was pretty quick. . . No fridge in the room which sucked. we did request one but i wasn't going to pay an extra 10 bucks a night for one. It was nothing a couple of daily trips to the ice machine couldn't fix.. . The pool area was great. no complaints.. . The Casino itself wasn't bad. Can be a bit hard to got on a blackjack table during the evening but other than that it was good. Cocktail waitresses did go missing at times but when you finally got one to come past, a nice first up tip ($5) helps to keep them close by.
Had a family wedding to attend this past weekend and most everyone was booked into "The New Tropicana."  I would never opt to stay at this end of the strip as it is a long schlep to the bumpin part. The monorail doesn't even come this far so you have to walk over to the MGM tocatch it.. . Well I was more than pleasantly surprised by the remod. Looks great, even smells great. My room was spacious and looked out on the strip as I was in the Paradise Tower, which BTW is closest to the casino and front door. No fridge, but I hear you can rent one for $10 per night. . . What was most impressive was the friendly staff. Everyone from the two check-in ladies, to the convenience store and house cleaning staff were all smiles. They really did a great job on their hires. The pool area has also undergone a remod and while it ain't the Wynn pool, it is very nice with plenty of shade for pale faces like me. . . The lounge is conveniently located by the Paradise Tower elevators, and the band jamming there on Friday - Sunday was a funky good time. We spent around an hour there all three nights before going out for the evening. . . Would I stay here again? Would not be my first choice because of the location, but if family or friends were already booked I would gladly join in again.
We literally booked the Tropicana when we landed in Vegas on this handy hotel app and we got the room for $30/night. Not too shabby since the rest of our bachelorette party peeps weren't coming in until the next day and we wanted to keep it cheap. I was a little skeptical about staying here since this hotel is super old but their recent remodel actually made our stay quite nice. The hotel decor is ultra swanky and hip, you couldn't even tell that this hotel is over 50 years old.. . The three of us got a room in the Club Tower and I thought the room was decent sized, clean, and up to date with the times. I have absolutely no complaints about the Tropicana so for a cheap option, I'd consider staying here again. The Tropicana's location is on the south end of the strip so it's a little far from all the new popular hotels in town so expect to spend moolah on taxis if you're going to the mid/north end of the strip.
I don't really know what everyone is complaining about? Perhaps we stayed in two very different hotels. My experience at the tropicana recently was awesome. We will definitely stay again. The new decor is so nice and we had a great time walking around in this ultra luxe interior. The pool is very clean (which is rare for pools in vegas) and super nice for lounging. The rooms are very nice and we didn't get any noise pollution.. We do wish they would have been a little more flexible with their early check-in (Monte-Carlo is always flexible), but at the time EDC was going on so I'm sure they didn't have much wiggle room. Anyway, I highly recommend this hotel!
I didn't stay at the Tropicana, but I might as well have. My friend stayed here for 7 nights, and I was in her room quite often. I became acquainted with the hotel and almost felt like I stayed there myself. It was cheap for her, but we were all surprised by how nice it was. . . The Tropicana is not a high-end Vegas hotel, but it is perfectly fine for people that won't be spending a lot of time in their room, or would rather have shopping money. The room was a good size with a large flat screen TV. The bed was incredibly comfortable. The decor wasn't that gross kind of decor you expect from La Quinta or something similar. The bathroom had a huge sink area and a large bathtub - perfect for soaking in after a long day of shopping.. . The pool area was my favorite. Good music, good size, not too crowded. It's very pretty down there, and a good pool for people that don't like to be shamed by all of the implants and models at places like the Cosmo or even Caesar's. . . Tropicana does charge a resort fee, but their free Internet had a good speed. . . Overall this is a great place to stay on the cheap. Get water, snacks and food from a place other than the store downstairs though.
Stayed here mid July 2012 on a weekend. I was able to snag a 3 nights for $150 deal through Facebook. Overall I was satisfied with our stay but this hotel seems more like hotel for "older folk". When you first walk you feel like your at a hospital because its really bright and white. The renovations are noticeable and the rooms are comfy. Won a bit of money on black-jack and roulette. The coconut/smoke mixture in the air got annoying after the 2nd day. Resort fee is 15 dollars which is less than a majority of the other resorts. The light let in from the blinds didn't really bug me. I would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget.. . Pros. -Check-in was fast.. -Hotel does not get crowded (like other hotels).. -Room was nice.. -Pool area is nice even though it was a mixture of older and younger folk. . . Cons. -Our room felt like it was miles from the casino floor.. -Bathrooms didn't seem so remodeled to me.
I for one was totally impressed with the Tropicana. We booked with expedia and stayed one night in the paradise tower. The room was properly appointed, and clean (carpet, tile, etc). I just loved the fact that I could open the windows! Such a trip in Vegas. .  . The casino is small, but a whole lotta fun! The dealers are pretty an the go go dancers work that little stage. The bar is fun too, the band and musician I saw were great. Totally kept the ladies moving and grooving. . . We had two meals at the Beach Cafe and those were both very good with nice service. . . I think it is fair to say that the Tropicana is a 3 star hotel with a 4 star rating. A good spot if you are traveling with a group, it is intimate enough that you will be able to find each other - both at the casino and the pool!
Loved my stay at the Tropicana!. . Staff is nice and helpful. Our room was clean and well-maintained. The pool is just lovely and the hotel overall is very clean and modern.. . This was my first time staying here and I'd love to stay here again.. . My only two complaints:. 1. The parking structure is extremely small. 2. Our toilet kept making a loud noise every 5 minutes so we had to keep the door shut at all times or it became really annoying.. . Other than that, we had a great time!
Pros: I have to say, I was surprised with the Tropicana rooms. I wasn't expecting them to be as big as they were. I went with a friend and we were in a 2 queen room. And there was still plenty of space, even after we scattered our things about as we seem to do. And it was a room with a view of what was once Club Nikki/Nikki Beach. . . The casino didn't smell of smoke as most of the casinos seem to. It smelled of something else, which to me, was a good thing, but a bad thing for my friend; I think the smell made her allergies act up. There was a good amount of food places on the way to the rooms, so that was convenient, as well as the coffee place right at the elevator bay and the 24-hour Starbucks and food court. Their food court was not the usual, with McDonalds and Pizza Hut or whatever they have. They had their own menu and was better than a run-of-the-mill food court. . . Con: Self park is a bit far from the front desk. And the front desk is a bit far from the rooms. The walks to the cabs and the rooms were horrible, especially in high heels and sober - You girls know what I'm talking about lol.
Had a good experience with there tropical looking rooms. A pretty big room for the basic room and it comes with a lounge chair. Their pool is spacious with a swim up bar. The pool also had a tropical theme, with a lot of chairs to lay out on, and plenty of areas for shade too. One annoying thing about Tropicana was that they don't have extended checkout and expect you to be out by 11am sharp. Used a Groupon deal but there's also daily fees which added about $43 to my stay. Overall good experience.
I used to think Tropicana was a dump but after the remodel, the place looks great! It looks really clean and modern inside, definitely a place you want to hang out.  Our party checked out the pool and had a great time! Good size pool, swim up blackjack, bar..I mean what else could you ask for? Food options looked amazing (I didn't eat here but saw all the places). A couple of friends had a room here and the room was also very nicely remodeled! Love gambling here for the cheap tables but looks nothing like before...go checkit out! I think I might stay here next time I'm in Vegas!
I really enjoyed this hotel. I've stayed at Treasure Island, MGM, and now the Tropicana and I really enjoyed it the most. TI was nice but the bathroom was very small and the shower/tub was pretty tight space wise. Also it was a pretty loud casino with expensive table games and not a whole lot of character. MGM was nice, but SOO BIG. Finally by the third day or so I knew where I was in the casino. The rooms were nice in this hotel, but again I didn't like the bathrooms too much. Very modern but only a shower. I like the tub option!. . Tropicana, however was such a nice relaxing place to stay. They had these great bathtubs and nice plantation shutters in the room which gave them a warm feel. They had new flatscreen TV's too! The fitness center was very nice, I went to that a couple times and also the pool was a lot of fun. The resort fee here is only 15 dollars (20 at most other places on the strip).. . ONE MAIN CRITICISM: not much food in the hotel! The Beach Cafe was OK but not great, there are a couple expensive places we didnt try, and the "food court" is pretty terrible. The yogurt place and Starbucks were nice to have, but otherwise they need to add more food stuff! Good trip though. I'd stay there again.
This place rocks.... Checking in was quick and easy. Luckily when we showed up there was only about 2 or 3 people ahead of us - we got our room keys and were upstairs less the 30 minutes after parking. Cheap prices (thanks HotWire) for awesome, clean, and comfy rooms... The Tropicana was just renovated a while back (they spent about 180 million I believe) and it shows. Everything is clean, fresh, and new. The casino itself was small but easy to navigate. The pool was cool - I guess - I don't really come to Vegas to chill by the pool so I spent less time there then the rest of my group - I was busy playing craps from casino to casino and drinking. The rooms are nicely put together and the bed was really really awesome. I had no problem passing out in it. Food at Trop food court is a 5 at best on scale from 1-10 so you might wanna be prepared to eat elsewhere - but that's not hard to do when your surrounded by eateries every which way up and down the strip. My only issue was that the room's were a little far from the parking lot & front desk area. The resort fee includes free parking and wifi which is nice when your in your room. I've heard some other resorts charge 10-20 bucks a day per device for wifi (like the Cosmo, Vdara) and around the same price for parking. Overall I had an awesome time on my Vegas Vacation and would stay here again without a doubt.. . . BTW - if you book on HotWire the Tropicana is the 4 star south strip property with Free Parking and Free Wifi listed.
I remember my fiancee told me at the time that she stayed at the Tropicana a few years ago and remembered the tropical bed sheets. A coworker told me that she stayed there a few years ago and it was "ghetto".. . Well for my bachelor party we stayed there through a deal we got online. So it wasn't expensive at all. The remodeled the place a few years ago and its really nice. It's got that Miami feel to it. The rooms were clean and the hotel itself was pretty posh in my opinion. The hotel gave us adjoining rooms, which was nice sinc 2 hours after checking in one of my friends misplaced his room key. Nice job jerk!. . The front desk people were nice. We arrived from the airport at 10 am and we were given our room around 10:30 AM for an additional $20. I thought it was money well spent so we took it and crashed there and took a quick nap.. . As for the casino, it's smaller than most of ther casinos but they do offer what everybody wants. Table games and slot machines. The convience of having a bridge that connects to two other casinos are a plus, your not stuck wasting money at the two expensive restaurants they have there.. . I think the biggest downfall of this wonderful place was the fact that they are a little far away from the main action of the strip. So if you want to see the water show at the Bellagio, than you might want to either walk up there during the night, or take the monorail tram from the MGM to the Flamingo and walk across the street to watch the show. If you take a cab to go down the strip, it might cost more since the only road to get into the Trop is Tropicana Blvd. . . Overall the rooms were nice, and the place itself was great. I had no complaints at all. The staff were great and professional. The wifi is pretty weak, my phone was useless in the rooms. The shower head is basically made for a person who isn't taller than 5 feet 7 inches. Me being six feet, I had to bend down quite a bit to wash my hair.. . And if your wondering about winning money at the casino there...good luck. How the heck does a dealer hit a 21 on six cards three straight times!?
I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this hotel was for how little I paid on a Saturday night (around $70 total). The room was nice, and the bed was comfortable...I could tell they did some upgrades because everything looked new.
Came here for a show in June for Dancing With the Stars and the lobby area really appealed to me- the relative calmness (I like balance). So when it came for me to help my friend find hotel rooms for her birthday this weekend, I wanted to stay here- plus found a good deal online. . . Arrived around 2 PM & found that the registration line was starting up. Had a trainee get our rooms, but the manager helped us do a mini upgrade to get two conjoined rooms in the Club Tower. Perfect, since we wanted to visit the pool a few times during our stay. We were pretty sure that the online special we got included the resort fees, but the manager comped us anyways. So nice of him! In no time, we were in our rooms and they were lovely. I've stayed in a few hotels on the Strip (Excalibur, Sands, Caesar's, Monte Carlo) and I liked how refreshing it was, really liked the shutters- nice touch. Had a nice view to the pool area and a New York skyline. Never touched/turned on the tv, but it looked like a nice size. Loved the ipod docks- good motivator while getting ready for the evening... and the mirrors! Plenty of them to check and recheck yourself before going out.. . People say that the bathrooms looked a little outdated, but I disagree. Yes, they used oddly warm colors, but it was spacious and the fixtures worked fine, that's all I need. I remember them saying there would be complimentary waters, but I didn't see any on neither day. Hmmm... . . The pool area is nice, but smaller than I thought. We had trouble finding chairs (looks like people stake them out all day), but eventually people started clearing out. The jacuzzi jets were oddly loud and awkward- I couldn't talk to the person next to me. Strange. We never ate at the hotel, since we did the 24-hr buffet, so I cannot comment on the restaurants. We did get some drinks at the bar & the girls were pretty nice there.. . The Club tower was a bit far of a walk- wished there was an easier and faster way to get to the parking lot! We saw Thunder From Down Under across the bridge the first night we got there, so that was super helpful in terms of location.  Overall, I really liked staying at a chill, quiet room after clubbing & drinking all night.
We got a package deal for the Tropicana. While we were waiting to check in the line had gotten pretty long, so they passed out water to everyone. We requested a non-smoking room and our room smelled like cigar smoke. I called them after we unpacked and they offered us a room move, but I told them that it was okay if they had housekeeping put an ozone machine in while we were out. Our room was very clean and had a nice garden tub pefect for relaxing in. The pool was also very clean, we didn't get a chance to swim there though. Everyone here was super friendly, from the front desk, to the candy store lady, the spa, housekeeping, and in room dining. I've worked in hotels before and the service was top notch.. I used the spa twice and they honored the 20% off that came with our package both times. The first time I went was to wax my eyebrows for the wedding we were attending. The next day we enjoyed an awesome couples massage. We ordered in room dining and ate at the cafe and all of our food was fresh and tasty.. We would certainly reccomend this hotel to our friends and family. I think this hotel location is perfect as well. We could walk most of the strip.". Posted: Sat, Oct 13, 2012
We have just returned after 7 nights at the Tropicana. We had a fantastic stay and I would highly recommend anyone to stay at this hotel! This was our 2nd trip to Vegas and having previously stayed at the Signature we really preferred this end of the strip!. . We had a city view room in the paradise tower, our room looked out over MGM and a little bit of NYNY. The room was a good size with a super comfy bed and lounging sofa. The bathroom whilst as many other reviews have stated has not been fully updated (low shower / old bath) we didn't find this an issue. If anything the shower was at least powerful and hot a great way to wake up after the previous days frozen margaritas! The toiletries weren't all that great but we had taken out own so weren't too bothered by this!. . The pool area was stunning with plenty of beds to choose from and enough shady areas to escape the midday sun. It also played some great music to pass away the hours! Towels are provided free of charge!. . Onto the casino was small but had enough games/slots to keep us entertained. We did however spend most of our evenings out and about on the strip but it was nice to return to the relaxing atmosphere of the trop at the end of the day. . . The food options are quite limited but we enjoyed the breakfast buffet in the beach cafe along with late night snacks in the tiny but perfectly formed 'food court'. Also having a Starbucks on site was great for the daily caffeine kick start!. . Finally the coconut smell they pumped into the casino honestly I loved it... I'm not a smoker so the smell of stale smoke in the casinos can get a bit much and to enter a casino that actually smells good makes a refreshing change!
We had a great time.  They did a good job remodeling the place.  Our room in the Club Tower was pretty sweet.  The bed was soooo comfy and our bathroom was spacious.   The fitness center weas awesome.  It's located in the spa, and while using their brand new, fancy-schmancy gym equiment, you look out through floor-to-ceiling windows at the pool area.  Great people watching :)  Plus, they had ice water and fruit in the gym, and it was so clean and new and did not smell like a gross sweaty gym.    The folks at the front desk and at the Chill'em Bar (where I spent some time :)  were very nice and gracious hosts.  You can use your cup from there to go get discounted refills at Caesar's and Harrah's, too, so that was cool.     We saw two weddings take place at the hotel while we were there and both appeared to be very beautifully set up.   The place had an exciting busy-ness about it, but was not overly crowded, which was nice.
I'm only basing my review on the general hotel and casino since I didn't have a room here... this place is really swanky and nice now that they've done the renovations in the past couple of years. I really like the brightness and tropical feeling... the place really does have an old Vegas meets Cuba feel to it without being too cheesy.
Just got back from a four-night stay at the Trop.  We stayed in the new tower and our room was very nice.  The beds were super comfy.  The restaurant options were limited, we ate at the steak house.  The food waspretty good, and expensive.  As part of the resort fee, you get wifi and parking.  I didn't get to enjoy the spa or the pool though the pool looks pretty nice.  I would definitely stay here again.
All in all it was nice but not impressive.  I got a good deal on our room so, for the price, we were quite pleased.  If I had paid full price I would have been disappointed.. . Staff:  Everyone was very nice and helpful. Check in and check out was quick.  Bell service was fast and friendly as was valet service.  We called housekeeping for a blanket and it was delivered quickly and with a smile. . . Rooms:  The room was fresh, clean and nice enough but nothing to get super excited about.  The bed was very comfortable but the only bedding was a comforter sandwiched between two sheets.  This is the reason we requested a blanket.  . . We're used to having a coffee maker in the room and they didn't provide one which was annoying.  The did have free wifi but I had to call tech support to get it to work.  That only took about 5 min tho and it worked great after that.  . . The bathroom was clean and newish but I couldn't turn the water on in the tub without help from my husband.  You had to pull REALLY hard to get it on.  The worst was my pet peeve - the shower head was installed for Hobbits.  At 5' 8" I had to bend way over to wash my hair.  I really hate that a lot.  Also, the morning we got up to leave the lights in the bathroom wouldn't turn on at all.  We were in a hurry so we just turned on the light right outside the bathroom and made do.  . . Entertainment & Food:  Not much offered. The Laugh Factory had 2 for 1 tickets for those staying there and we might have gone but the only night there was a show we had tickets to a concert already.  The Mob thing didn't interest us at all.  The restaurants were a bit to pricey and the hours limited.    . . There wasn't even a fun place to go have a few drinks.  We spent most of our time over at New York New York or MGM.  They're both just a short walk away and they have so many places to choose from for drinks and food that everyone could find a place they would like. . . Casino: We don't gamble but my husband didn't like the cocktail waitress outfits.  . . Pool: Looked nice but it was closed.  BUMMER!
You know what?  After the remodeling?  Place ain't that bad.  Rooms were clean and the casino/lobby were cool.  Only gripe is that the casino floor is kinda small (did most of my gambling across the street at MGM).  And that they pump some weird coconut thing into the air (all my clothes smelled like it when I got home).  . . If you're on a budget, but want to be somewhat close to other casinos, I recommend it.
This was my first time staying at The Tropicana for NYE. The location of the hotel was very close to the airport. I liked that you could walk to the MGM right across the bridge, or wherever else you need to go really isn't too far. (We walked A LOT though. Up to the Flamingo and back multiple times) If you want to have access to somewhere in the middle or more north of the strip, (and don't want to walk or cab much to get there) this is probably not the hotel for you to stay at. Our room was in the club tower on the 14th floor. We had the club deluxe room. I liked that the Laugh Factory was so close by to our room and convenient. Bacio restaurant and the beach cafe were very close as well. I liked the large flat screen tv in our room and all the large comfortable pillows. My bf was a bit bothered that we didn't have a coffee maker in our room. I'm not sure if it's because we got the lower end room, or if they just wanted us to give Starbucks some business. It wasn't a big deal, but it's one of those extra things that would have made our stay a little more enjoyable. Overall, I enjoyed my stay here at the "new" Tropicana. Though I definitely want to try out some more northern-strip hotels for my next visit, Tropicana is definitely an option for other future Vegas trips.
Kudo's to the Tropicana for a beautifully done restoration!  In an era when so many of the classics have been demolished, it was wonderful to see the Tropicana with new life.  The remodel has been done perfectly and we loved the comparatively intimate, clean, fresh feel of the property.  It's not "glitzy."  There is not really a "wow factor."  The casino itself is actually pretty small.  But, what you get is a very nice, well priced resort, with fairly large rooms and all the amenities you might want.  The pool area is a stand-out too.  . . Service at the Trop was great - fast valet parkingand check-in and a very friendly staff throughout.  We had a small issue with our closet door, (it was off the track, and I'm not very mechanical), and a friendly engineer was there pronto to set things right.. . There is, however, a "but" coming.  Let's see . . .  you book around 900 rooms, full of mostly male athletes there for a sports competition, and it never occurs to you that the boys might be hungry after coming in from the playing fields?  . . Saturday night, we were starved, and not in the mood to dress for a nicer dining room.  The wait in the casual restaurant was nearly 2 hours, and the queue at the "food court" place was not much better.  Room service, (and there are two options), did not answer the phone or . . . when they did . . . immediately put you on hold.  (We waited once for 28 minutes).  When the order WAS placed, the delivery time, for a PIZZA, was 1 3/4  hours.  (We ordered that because the harried woman told us it would be the quickest thing).  Geeze!  Bring on some extra staff or get creative by building some items in advance, for quick delivery.  So frustrating!. . By the way, we went for lunch, several times, at "The Beach Cafe."  The service was actually pretty good, during "off" hours, and the food decent.  The only problem was that, on one visit, 3 or our 4 plates arrived luke-warm.  Cold won ton soup is not very appealing.. . Bottom line:  We loved the hotel itself but the food service needed some tweaking.
Stayed for three days and two nights with my friends last December & we all had a pleasant stay. We got our request granted & Nicole blocked us a nice room with the view of the strip on the 12th floor. - 2 stars. . Check in was a breeze and we were all surprised how nice, orangey bright, and clean the room is.. I thought it was cute! Love the 42' TV and the very warm cuddly blankets too! - another star. . Parking is not an issue at all. You'll always find a spot ready for you.. The Casino gets another star for being clean and less crowded. I just thought the coconut smell and the smoke doesn't really blend together. - another star. . . All in all it was a great experience & looking forward to stay again in the future.
stayed here for three nights in the Paradise tower overlooking the MGM in rm 1105 in Feb. Away from the elevators. Quiet room and floor. No real complaints. I really, really like the Paradise tower because you walk in and the elevators are right there. You don't have to walk thru the casino.. . room: basic 2 queen beds and basic tub and bathroom. The only nice thing was the big tv, shutters and yep that's it. I paid $69/night thur-sat. I found it on their own website. $20 resort fee. Used valet all three days. The last night (sat) it said valet was full but i pulled up and said i was a guest and they let me use it. Well... i am paying a resort fee geez.. . pool was closed and didn't use the gym. I checked in at 10pm and no line on a thursday night. 24hr Starbucks in lobby. Business center also to surf internet ($5/10 minutes) and print coupons ($1.50 for b/w... i think??).. . at check in they hand out a flyer for a free coupon for one free cookie to p/u at the deli next to starbucks. I guess its a Doubletree thang.. . I'd come back for the right price. I'd say I could only walk up to Paris and Ballys before complaining.... No way would i walk to the Wynn and have to walk back. I'd rather spend more to stay center strip, but like i said.... for the right price$$$$$$.. . This hotel has skywalk to both mgm and excalibur. So if you plan on partying south of Paris only.... this hotel is ok. . . debit card users: they authorize for the total amount and release it the next day. Only after check out do they bill your card. This may not happen to everyone... just saying.
We were here for a two-night stay for my birthday in June and we LOVED it! The rooms are definitely newly renovated and it shows!!! My fiance and I both work in hospitality (I'm at the front desk, he's back of house in IT but used to be a bellman), so great customer service is key to us--we were definitely not disappointed. We checked in on a Monday with Elena, who is so sweet, very knowledgeable, wished me a happy birthday, and upgraded us to a beautiful club tower suite. I see a lot of reviews that the club tower is far....it's really not far at all. It's about a four minute walk from the lobby, and the pools are really close to the club tower, just a quick elevator ride down. We had a very slight issue on the last night of our stay because we wanted to go to the pool, but it was closed for a private party. We called to ask if there was another area of the pool we were allowed to use, and unfortunately there was not. We spoke with Linda on the phone, who was very kind and understanding and told us to come to the front desk and she would see what shecould do for us. When we came down, we talked to Lynn, who also was very nice, and they gave us a $50 resort credit. Note to fellow travelers: YOU ALWAYS GET MORE HELP FROM THE FRONT DESK WHEN YOU ARE NICE! There is no need to get aggressive with the people who you're dealing with...they are there to help you, and the wonderful staff at the Tropicana is very good at that. Anyway, to sum it up, the room was absolutely beautiful, with a great view of the pool and the strip, the staff is amazing, and we enjoyed a wonderful late-night room service dinner with our resort credit that the front desk extended to us. The location is great, super close to the MGM, and a quick tram ride to the Mandalay Bay. We got the groupon, 2 nights for $115, but if there's a good deal on the hotel website in the future, we would definitely stay here again. Again, guest service is so important to us and the staff at the Tropicana is great.. . Room Tip: Club tower is about 4 minutes away from the lobby but close to the pools, and very quiet!
Boy this place has cleaned up.  Good sized casino, very clean and not horribly smokey, staff was wonderful... it appears to have been renovated recently.
Very nice service everywhere in the hotel. Casino is festive and dealers and pit bosses treat you great. There are 2 wonderful restaurants in the hotel. This is a smaller casino than others in town so for many that can be a great thing. I think it allows the Trop to provide a more intimate level of service. They certainly made our group feel welcome and we will go back for sure.
The newly remodeled Tropicana might just be the best hidden Gem on the Vegas strip.  . . Pros:. . From March 19th - March 23rd (NCAA Basketball March Madness Opening Weekend) I was able to book a double queen room for $282 total for all 4 nights.  This includes the resort charges and tax.  . . The quality and service is on par or better than most other Hilton brand hotels.. . Sports book is not elaborate, but also not crowded, so a true sports gambler can place bets in a matter of seconds at Tropicana.. . Cons:. . The casino floor is limited, with only 2 or 3 of each table game in the entire joint.  The minimum bets seemed to be at least $15 a play on all table games.  The slots were tight.  I once asked an attendant, "Hey!  Could we loosen up these slots?"  . . Tropicana is located at the far southern end of the strip, making it a decent walk from all of the other major casinos... but I don't mind walking.
This Hotel has definitely changed. It is all newly remodelled.  But they don't have any Poker room!! I had to go to MGM while I was staying at Tropicana.  Definitely not worth the price of about $200.  Although the building is newly remodeled, it was probably a class B or C remodeling job.  The finishes in the bathroom and the bedrooms look like it was done in an extreme hurry.
Recent stay with grand kids . They gave us adjoining rooms non smoking tower. Very clean newly remodeled fab pool very kid friendly not overwhelming in size . Convenient location would definitely stay again . Did not try the dining there except for cafe not outstanding but not bad. Also did not gamble since we had kids.
I have mixed feelings writing this review. . The Hotel is not the best but the service is really good, and if you go, like me, with friends, just to have a Vegas weekend and do some shopping, well, it's perfect. . Even after a rip-off on Blackjack, well, i drank more whiskey than what i left on the table! . So who lost? Ha, and then i recovered on Roulette and drank even more Whiskey than the day before! . I had an amazing time in Vegas, the Hotel is well located, we had free shuttle to and from LAS and the breakfast buffet was just awesome! . I recovered from my hangover so quickly, that seriously, the house lost! . If you are expecting real Oceans Eleven Luxury Vegas, go somewhere else, even if this place is 4 Star rated, it can't compare with others on the Stip. . But if you're in Vegas to have a good time without the excessive Hype, go for it!
I stayed here over the weekend and LOVED this place.  . . The remodeled look was amazing and we couldn't have asked for a more comfortable room. I won't drop names, but I've paid twice the amount for other "four star" hotels on the Strip that could never compare to the Trop.  . . Our room was clean, the bed was uber comfy (and a TRUE king size) and there was tons to do there.  We saw the Mob Attraction (highly recommended BTW, plus you get a discount for staying in the hotel) and an awesome Laugh Factory performance all without having to even leave the place! . . The casino was beautiful remodeled, too, and they've clearly upgraded their ac/ smoke ventilation system which made it actually smell pleasant.  Everything was walking distance and the staff was very friendly.  They even gave us a sweet room upgrade just 'cause I was in town for my birthday.  Score!. . The only reason I didn't leave a 5 star rating was because the drain in our shower was slow.  In all fairness, though, we never even requested it be fixed because we loved everything else so much that we barely even noticed.  The other downside (for some maybe) is that the Trop no longer has a poker room.  You'll have to go to another casino for your poker fix- Excalibur and Mandalay Bay are a stone's throw away, though, and their poker rooms were great.. . Awesome place and highly recommended.
It's been years since I stayed at the Trop.  Since we planned a Vegas weekend to party at the new nightclub at the MGM, Hakkasan, we decided to stay here since I knew it would be more convenient to do so than to stay at the MGM....I'm glad I did that.I was really impressed with what the new owners of the Trop have done here.. . Let's start with the rooms.  They remodeled the old Bungalows, which are the short 2 story buildings connected to the casino....they did a great job remodeling those rooms.  They are great with really comfortable beds and modern furniture.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=n3eKKZh_PEfxOlBc48pptA#n3eKKZh_PEfxOlBc48pptA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=LZVxL61Rz_45PqK0pjHf_Q#LZVxL61Rz_45PqK0pjHf_Q. . The bathroom is a little small, but they did it right with a nice shower and sink situation that works well in the small space.. . They offer FREE WiFi in the hotel rooms....huge +++.  And give you 2 complimentary bottles of Water.  Of course you're paying a $19.99 per night resort fee, so you better receive stuff like this....at least it stuff you can actually use.. . Since it's now affiliated with the Hilton Doubletree brand, you also get 2 fresh, warm Cookies with your stay.....Doubletree loyalists know what this is all about.  They're really good Cookies too.. . The public areas were also remodeled.  The front desk and lobby area looks great.  A huge improvement over the old building.  The casino was also updated as well.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=eIV20CNohs6mkUxUPeV9qA#eIV20CNohs6mkUxUPeV9qA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=Bmv46jyG1mUfX-oITLx2WQ#Bmv46jyG1mUfX-oITLx2WQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=j9rPqTz8wIeI-7zqlwfPag#j9rPqTz8wIeI-7zqlwfPag. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=O2wKaJJ-KG36ffvjk5pLDA#O2wKaJJ-KG36ffvjk5pLDA. . Customer service at this hotel has improved as well.  I had a question about the day/nightclub Bagatelle, so I called the guest service operator from my room.  I asked her if there was a cover charge for hotel guests to go to Bagatelle, she told me "Yes, there's a discounted cover charge for guests".....1 min later, she called me back to tell me that she was speaking to her supervisor after we hung up and that there was no cover charge on that particular day....wow, that was cool, I didn't expect her to call me back with updated info...that's good service to me.. . Overall, we had a great stay here at the Trop.  I highly recommend it as an alternative to staying at the MGM Grand.  Especially, if you plan to go to Hakkasan.. . Return Factor - 95%
The service was good and when they mixed up our room and over booked for the double beds leaving us for the single they did make it right.  Thank you guys for that.  Not sure of anyone else but really great staff and good times.  The non smoking rooms actually smelled like non smoking so I was very happy about that.  I've recommended 2 people to stay there since I came back yesterday and will continue.  Thanks out to to them all there I had a great time.   The only confusing thing was the notice they put up about putting all the dirty towels you wanted to have changed on the floor (same with having a note to put a notice on the bed to have the sheets changed).  They changed all the bedding and towels etc every day no matter what you did.  That is my one and only complaint.
All new and redone!  It's a lot more cleaner and modernized now.. . The patrons are still on the older side.  I guess the younger folks want to have a blast at the newer hip ones like the Cosmo.  So expect to be playing blackjack with grandmas and grandpas (which is not a bad thing at all). . Limits are on the lower side.  The workers / dealers are wearing t-shirts and they are mostly out of shape so it's a very kickback feel.
Love how bright this place is - such a difference between this and the other dark, dreary casinos on the strip. The rooms are fresh and clean with a tropical vibe, lots of bamboo touches, crisp white linens, grass style wallpaper. It was great to be able to come back later in the evenings to an empty casino (most of the patrons are a bit older) and be able to play whatever you want. The sports book is great - set off to the side so it doesn't get crazy crowded like the ones at MGM or NYNY.
Had a terrific 5-day stay on our vacation this year. The recent facelift has certainly improved the look of the place; our room was large and comfortable and well-maintained. (I'm a bit surprised, also, about the various reports of poor service--on our trip, my wife and received nothing but superior service from staff who were all pleasant and helpful). The restaurants in the hotel are quite good, though a touch overpriced. The highlight for me was the pool, however. I could've quite happily spent my entire vacation swimming.. . The casino isn't large, but seems well populated with a decent selection of gaming; the dealers all were friendly and engaging in our experience. The lounge bar was also a bit of a surprise--live music singing old-school torch songs and jazz standards was a great way to unwind over a cocktail.
nice hotel not a five star but i would stay there again nice clean hotel good service
Good hotel! Great rates. Great location. Great service. Enjoyed my stay :)
Stayed one night on July 11th.  Got in pretty late so no line at check-in.  The provided us with the requested room type as well as a late check in.  Room was in the paradise tower.  Fairly large room didn't spend a lot of time in it, but was nice and we had no problems.  I liked the Casino not overly large and tables located in center as you walk in.  I did stay up pretty late, or is it early, playing blackjack (until 530 am or so) and at around 3am all the good looking female dealers seem to get off leaving mostly older gentlemen, including the cooler who iced our table at around 5 am. I didn't see some of the slots I enjoyed at other hotel during this trip (superman, ghostbusters, wheel of fortune multi player, and block party).  The overall appearance of the Hotel is very nice, sort of old with a modern feel if that's possible.  Like others said very bright which was a plus.  The pool was really nice, but be ready its ice cold.  And of course the free cookie is a good breakfast with a starbucks.  If this hotel was center strip would be way more popular, but I liked it and might stay again.
I really enjoyed staying at the Tropicana, and will definitely stay here again. The room wasn't fantastic, but we didn't spend much time there anyway. Despite being an nonsmoking room, I was still hit with the odor of stale cigarette smoke every time I opened the door. My only other complaint is that there was not a refrigerator in our room. The beds were comfy though, and the tub was nice and big. It was kind of a trek to our room in the Club Tower, but that seems to be the case everywhere I've stayed in Vegas. My favorite part about this hotel is the pool! I loved the atmosphere. There was no shortage of chairs, there was a grassy area, and the cocktail waitresses were attentive. There were all kinds of people there, and I didn't feel self-conscious waltzing around in my bikini in my less-than-bikini body. Again, definitely staying here again!
I always thought of the tropicana as old and dingy, however a great deal has completely charged my mind! While I wouldn't stop here for the casino, the hotel is quite nice. Nicer than the Luxor or other hotels on the strip around the same price. The other bonus was hilton honors points!!
We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days of july 2013 the room was very clean and the sheets smells like freshly washed laundry. I loved the room because it was simple and nice. The hotel is newly renovated, very bright, airy surrounding, staff was friendly  and accesible to a lot restaurants and party places. We had dinner at The Beach restaurant located at the ground floor of the hotel food was good, affordable and the ambiance was great. No hassles on check in and check out. We will definitely stay in Tropicana again.
I had a great stay here recently. The best thing about it was it was not chaotic like other hotels nearby, but the trade off would probably be the lack of shops and food choices inside. I think the only downside was the AC didn't cool our room very well.
My second time in Vegas. We chose the Tropicana because it was the right price and location ($50 after everything). It was a nice clean, accommodating stay. Casino is very nice and so was the room. The staff was friendly. They even waived my $20 resort fee because we got there after 10pm and were only staying 1 night. The pools looked nice although we didn't swim. There is a liquor store nearby (10 minute walk) so you can buy cheaper drinks while in Vegas as well. :-)
We had an amazing time at The Tropicana and would definitely stay here again. I think it's a really great value-- we booked on Hotwire for $75 a night and with some friendly smiles and charm, we were upgraded to a mini suite that had a view of the south strip and a huge bathtub. We were stoked. . . The casino is actually my favorite one in this area. It was remodeled recently so it's very bright and clean-looking. They also must pump coconut-scented oxygen in this place as it has this pina colada type smell that I love! . . The only okay thing about The Tropicana in my opinion is the pool...yet again we spent our entire Saturday at the Mandalay Bay Pool and this one is lackluster in comparison. It's good, but not great in terms of Las Vegas pools. They also have a swim-up poker table and I ALMOST fell for that gimmick. . . Basically The Tropicana is a great place to stay if you can't afford some of the nicer places in the south strip like Mandalay Bay or the Four Seasons.
We had a successful two night stay here. . . We did valet on the car and our luggage was immediately taken out by the bell hop and they stored it for us while we waited for our room to become available later in the day. Our room was probably ready around 1pm but we didn't get back from our day festivities till almost 6. Check in was a breeze! The front desk clerk was pleasant and answered any resort questions we had. We only had to wait about 10 minutes for our stuff to arrive from bellhop. . . Our room was in the club tower and a definite upgrade from the last time I was there years ago! The room felt spacious and the beds were extremely comfortable and clean. I liked the island feel decor! The big round bathtub in the shower was extremely roomy and nice as well. I honestly felt like I could breathe in that room  considering I shared with 3 others girls. There was mirrors on the closet doors and in the room which is a huge plus for women sharing a room! Room also had an Ipod radio/alarm clock. . . We ate at the beach club cafe and the mini food court and both experiences were easy and delicious. I recommend the pizza!. . I also love the location on this hotel. It was a short walk over to MGM and very easy to get a taxi when you walked out to the front of the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.
I booked my stay here from a vacation package deal on Expedia.  As I only really needed a clean room to stay in, this was a great price.  I am not familiar with the hotel prior to it's renovations, but I found the renovations to be nice. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, I had a smoking room, which was great.  The lounge acts were ok, the bartenders were very nice and made great drinks. . . The casino is very small, it seemed more like a boutique hotel maybe?. . The Cafe restaurant was great for breakfast and a late night dinner.  The steak house, which is fine dining, was the best filet mignon I've ever had hands down. My server was not on top of his game as I saw other servers being, but the food made up for it, a must but bring your money, it's $$$$.. . I did have a problem with a rude staff member, but I didn't encounter him again after I spoke to management. They were very helpful in hearing what happened and I was comped some costs.. . Overall, for the price, food and great pools, it;'s a deal. A little off the beaten path as far as being close to the strip and activities, so I did spend a lot on cabs.  So that's something to factor into the cost savings of staying here.
I lived in Henderson and Lsa Vegas.  I went to Sean Kingston's 22nd birthday last year at RPM here.  It was fun.  I have been to toooo many hotels and its okay here though
This place is not the Wynn! But their service and hospitality is awesome! The rooms are super big for the price. I felt very welcomed and had a great time. I will be back
Nice hotel. Loved the pool! Worth staying in when it's 110 degrees out, because it's nice and cold in the water, especially when hanging out in the shade.
We stated a 4 night trip at the tropicana in vegas for hubby's birthday. It was wonderful. The room was spacious, close to the pool and spotless. The casino was also clen, bright and with loose slots and easy to find cocktail waitresses. The restaurant, Biscayne was top notch and very comfortable. Great R n B band in the lounge. Ladonna, at the front desk was tremendously helpful and very courteous. Finally, a big thanks to Ron Chalk- the best casino host ever!!
I stayed at the Tropicana while attending a conference across the street at the MGM.  I enjoyed my stay.  It was a 15 minute walk to the MGM convention center.  Of course, 10 minutes of that is inside theMGM itself!. . The rate was good and came in  under the govt. per diem rate.  Of course, like just about every hotel in Vegas they tack on a "resort fee.". . All of the staff members that I interacted with were helpful and friendly.. . I checked in on Saturday night at about 7:00 PM and everything went quickly and smoothly.  Interestingly, they limit the number of folks that can check in each day.  I expect that helps with the lines and service.. . The room was clean, nice sized and comfortable.   It had a nice sized desk and comfortable chair.  The bathroom was large and clean but, the lighting was a bit dim.  The commode was oddly located behind the door.. . The resort and casino is smaller than many in Vegas.  Frankly, I thought that was a good thing.  It was comfortable and easily walk-able.. . If you are a Hilton Honors Gold member, you get breakfast in a separate area in the Beach Cafe.  It was a pretty good buffet with access to an omelet station.  It wasn't anything spectacular but did the trick in the land of $25 breakfast buffets.... . If you're looking for a good deal at  a place a bit quieter than some of the bigger resorts, this might be for you.
Came with my husband for the bike convention & his 100 mile bike ride this weekend.  We choose this hotel for 1) the low rate (under $100) 2) close to the bike ride starting line and I am a loyal Hilton Honor member.  This property is now. Doubletree Hilton hotel.  The room is quiet, large and clean. We received the usual perks for HHdiamond member:  free cookies at check in, breakfast, internet & check in VIP line.  Super friendly nice staff. No complaint for the overall value.  Great pool area to hang out during the day by myself. We got tickets to Ra @ MGM, right across the street. I don't play and the smaller casino area suits me just fine.  I would stay here again.
Much nicer than it used to be. Front desk, casino personnel and the Bell and valet people were all very polite and helpful. Nice staff overall. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated - view of the strip was decent. This is one of the smaller properties in Vegas - no room service.. I did not like the service at the Beach cafe. One of the only times I have never tipped. I'm sure if they hired more help in this cafe, I would have seen the waiter more than once during dinner service. Food was decent. Tried again for breakfast (not many choices at the Tropicana) service was lacking. Not enough servers to keep the water glasses filled and you may have to walk to the hostess and ask for your check. You should only eat here if you have 2 to 3 hours to waste.. Was here for a wedding. Service was nice and organized but took place outside where the entire Beach cafe as well as anyone with a balcony could watch. There was a loud party at the cafe which was annoying. The reception inside the Tropicana convention rooms was very nice. The space was nice, food was good, service was excellent - just wish the DJ had lighting (lasers, flashing lights, etc) was stale without them.. Overall, I prefer a larger hotel with more services and choices to eat and play but Tropicana is a nice, friendly place.
This review is for the casino only. I wasn't staying at the hotel so I have no idea how it is. I hadn't been to the Trop since it was renovated but I have to say it's a much nicer place now. Less crowds, noise, and smoke than most of the bigger casinos. Also I actually won money here and lost everywhere else! Just a much cozier place to play. Really friendly people too. No complaints at all about the Tropicana from me!
I stayed at old Tropicana many moons ago, the new revitalization by Hilton definitely brought some nice change to a once known as old rundown place to the modern days.  The location has always been convenience to access other the southern locations on the Strip. . . HHonors members can now experience perked treatment with their own check-in lanes, and VIP check-in being Diamond.  The rooms are much cleaner now with fancy shutter windows.  Everything worked as intended in our rooms.. . Casino had this too-good-to-be-true $200 on them promotion, but it really was just when you lost $200, they will give you $100 then mail you the other $100 after 30 days, unlike the $5-10 dollars they give you to gamble at other chains.. . Compared to our last experience at Grand Vacation on the Strip was like day and night here.  I'll definitely consider this place before others from now on.
Don't waste your precious gambling and recreating time reading other drunk people's reviews. Bottom line: I'd stay here again without hesitation.
Just got back from another  a fun birthday weekend. . . All in all we found the experience quite pleasant. . . A couple of highlight:. The renovated rooms: . . I hadn't stayed at the Tropicana befoir ehte recent remodel but from the rooms I saw last year and this year its definitely great value for your money. I stayed at a couple of similarly priced hotelds more centered on the strip but the Tropicana def. had the edge on room quality. . . Casino:. Yes you're not going to get the giant square footage of some of the giant casinos in the center of the strip but the tables floor is always bussling with a exciting amount of action without having to wait for a $10-$15 min. table to open up. . . Customer Service:. All the staff members I interacted with where friendly and helpful. A specialy thank you to our bell man Dean who was especially kind and fun to talk to while we waited for our valet. Was a special icing on the cake to have our last interaction leaving LV be such a down to earth and fun one. . . All in all a great value if you want an affordable hotel on the strip that's also a great way to begin and end the night.
Just stayed here over the weekend, not bad at all!. . I've stayed at almost every hotel in Vegas so I try to stay somewhere new every time if I can. This worked out real well because I was going to the JT concert right next door at MGM and found out there was a bridge that connected the two hotels!. . I got a great rate for my room (60 bucks a night thru Bookit.com). We actually didn't make it for the first night there but check in early for our second day and they only charged us the resort fee for the one night (20 bucks for parking, wifi, water bottles, the usual). They also upgraded us the the Paradise tower for free (yay) which I believe is bigger, newer, and was closer to the entrance so it was really easy for us to come down the elevator and get out of the hotel without passing thru the busy smoke filled casino. And since they are a Hilton hotel (I had no idea) we get free DELICIOUS complimentary cookies, a nice touch. The room was nice, modern and bright, I felt like I was staying in a tropical place with the bright orange colors and bamboo lined furniture haha.  Parking structure was very close and easy to find parking even on the weekend. It's not crowded or busy right outside the hotel unlike the more central hotels on the strip which is refreshing if you want to get away from all that. But considering Hakkassan is right next door, the newer popular club at the moment, I would totally consider staying here for a night out with the girls. The hotel soaps were nothing impressive and I didn't get to try out the pool because its chilly in December! But I would
Staff was very friendly and room were basic but clean. Would definitely consider staying here another time.
