This is the 2nd time I've been here. Once was right after the Ka show and once over the holiday weekend. It's located right in front of the Ka theater, so it's convenient if you're watching the show and you have the munchies. Nothing out of the norm. Food was good and that's all I ask for. The ambiance was actually really nice, considering it was open to the middle of the casino. The service was attentive and the setup of the dining area was really chic. . . I had the mushroom pizza, spicy spaghetti and meatballs, and the chef's soup of the day. The pizza was cooked perfectly...just the way I like it: Thin crispy crust with just the right amount of toppings in every mouth watering bite. The spicy spaghetti was indeed spicy but not too much to handle. . . Overall, this place was cute...it works if you're looking for a casual dining experience.
Big fan!  Took a client there and it was mid priced entree with cheesecake factory style portions.  I am a big fan of their California style cooking; the entree i had, steamed black mussels came in a huge iron skillet with about 30-40ish mussels.  Comes with their garlic fries. Great value for under $30.  . . Woodfire pizzas seem extremely popular here as all the tables around me were eating it.  . . Bring a big appetite!
I really liked the restaurant and staff. I had the meatball pizza. It was tasty but not spectacular. Crust at edge of pie was good, but center was soggy. Fresh basil was a plus.
Oh man this place is good. I tried the prime burger with a onion marmalade. Off the hook. I also tasted the meatloaf and yukon gold mashed potatoes. Hella good. Also the gnocchi was unbelievable.
I like this place..The Wolgang Puck Bar and Grill is in the MGM.  Its rather funk and modern with a pretty wide array of cuisine, very likeable....I always am a bit concerned with these multiple celebrity chef restaurants.  . . After all , Wolfgang Puck cant be everywhere. . But he must have a good chef at the namesake bar and grill.  I had the chicken soup, not as good as Grandmas, but darn close.  Since I was not starving, I also had the salad.  It was very likeable with many colors, textures and a very tasty dressing. . My friend loved his steak, but then again baste anything in butter and it wil be enjoyable.  I never met Mr Puck, but he must have great standards, partners and processes....because I never have had a bad meal
Our friend was staying at MGM this week so we met her for a quick meal here at Wolf Gang Puck.. . I am giving it a four stars due to the pizza, fries and mac and cheese being wonderful. . . Would have given it a 5 but our waiter was AWFUL. Guy looked like a complete Bro and totally did not want to be there.
Excellent high quality bar and grill with and friendly service in the middle of the MGM Grand casino.. I ate here three times during my stay.. very likable.
ate here twice, the first experience was great!. . came here for lunch and we were seated right away at a booth seat. the place is very romantic and cozy. great ambiance.. . we asked our waiter what he recommended and he had some very tasty choices. my bf and i decided to share our food. i decided to get their chopped vegetable salad. (and i have never buy a salad because i think its not worth the price, i can get something else for that price which is like around $5.) it has chopped Vegetables/ salad, Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons, Creamy Greek Dressing. my bf got the pizza with Italian Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Mushrooms, Smoked Ricotta, Onions, Parsley.. . we waited about 5 - 10 minutes and then my salad came out and few minutes later the pizza came. . . the salad is like the best salad i have ever had! love the tangy, sour and flavors of the vegetables. the pizza was absolutely bomb! it was flat and was packed with flavor. it was not greasy and i totally love the food here.. . the second experience was great also... however, the salad did not bring back the same memories of when i first had it... i ate the whole salad the first time and the this time i just ate half of it. the bf had the mussels with sausage in a tomato sauce. the mussels were really good. they give you a good portion. the price is a bit pricey but totally worth it.. . if im ever in Vegas... i will definitely come and eat here again and again.
We ate at Wolfgang puck for lunch. I had wild mushroom ravioli, chicken soup.  Mara G. had the beet salad and the cream of celery soup. The restaurant is wheelchair accessible. How do we know? We saw a man in the motorized scooter drive up into the restaurant, park, get off, and walk to his table. . . Other than that, the table where we were seated was in full view of the flat screen TV which was showing the nude version of "The Bride of Frankenstein". It was a pretty old movie and the station that aired it had no problem blurring out the boobs etc. . . Oh, back to my food. The chicken soup was superb. Chock full of chicken, carrots, celery, and potato, the broth was so clear and fresh tasting.  I could have and should have made a lunch out of the soup and roll. The wild mushroom ravioli in parm cream sauce was delicious. And filling. And mushroomy. OMG there was an over-abundance of a plethora of 'shrooms. Enoki, portobella, oyster, button, you name it and it was both in the sauce whole and minced inside the ravioli. I could not eat all of those mushrooms. I had to leave half of them on my plate. I washed it all down with a really great glass of pinot grigio. Fantastic lunch. . . The space is open and airy. In spite of the fact that slots and blackjack tables are on two sides of the restaurant, its not smoky at all. The decor is all white "laquer" with blond wood and red accents. . . The restaurant is visually appealing and the food is delicious. I'd go back. I'm a fan!
Sweet baby Jehovah. $7 to throw grilled chicken in a $14 salad? If I'd known I would've smuggled some of the stuff in my carry-on bag. I cut through the breast very carefully so as to not damage the freshwater pearl that must have been in there. I never found it.. . That was my first night in Vegas. It was a wake-up reminder that I wasn't in Austin anymore. But Wolfgang's is the only sit-down place open after 10:30pm in the MGM. This means 2 subsequent visits, each more stellar than the first. Both exercised my economic know-how.. . Visit 2: mussels with frittes. Yummmm. Huge serving, enough to share. But saying the word "share" is saying "charge me an extra $4.50 because I don't know what else to do with that money." Dumb. As the words were coming out of the boy's mouth, I knew we were toast. .. toast wedges came with the mussels... Hold on while I yummmm again.. . Visit 3: we were golden. Linguine with clams for him, spinach side for me. Also known as: we SHARE both of those, in fact combining them for a delicious dish. They should include spinach in the linguine by default; it's all too pale otherwise. At $6 a spinach side, it was a way better deal than getting charged for sharing. . . And that's how you work the system, kids. Don't let them take you down. You wont win Vegas - you wont take my house, my money or my honey from under me. I'm from Jersey.
holy crap this place is good.  quick, simple, good.  kinda on the pricy side but hey, a quesadilla at baja fresh will run you 12 bux.. got the reuben.  it was damn good.. the potato salad was damn good as well.. the water was my favorite part.....
My sister and I went here for lunch. We shared an order of the homemade potato chips that were slathered in sauce and cheese. They were amazing. I guess we should have considered having pizza, but we went for the pulled pork sandwiches instead, which were also excellent. I did feel a bit conspicuous as the restaurant is totally open to the casino around it, and the air quality wasn't fabulous as a result. But the waitstaff was great, and overall it was a really tasty meal.
Wow. The tuna tartar was amazing. Pizza choices were new and refreshing. The calamari was cooked to perfection. I would definitely eat there again.
Food was good but VERY pricey!!
Hubby and I stopped in after seeing a show last night, I ordered the Tomato pizza, i loved the sauce and fresh mozzarella and basil YUM!!!. . Husband ordered the meatball pizza, it was very yummy as well, good flavor combination (we ended up trading due to his food allergies didn't see it had red peppers on it before we ordered) the pizza had a bit of after kick to it but very delish!. . to top off dinner we shared the chocolate beignets (about the size of donut holes) they came out hot from the fryer with vanilla bean ice cream and carmel sauce, sooooo very YUM. . I look forward to coming back to try other menu items. . over all 2 huge pizza's, a coffee and dessert $48 not too bad for being on the Strip
Loved the fresh and healthy ingredients at this well known Wolfgang joint! . . Try the chopped vegetable salad! Wonderfully refreshing and healthy after a day spent basking in the HOT Vegas sun. My other 4 friends all ordered the chicken salad sandwich on cherry nut bread.  They loved it!. . Top notch service, yummy ingredients and super delicious meals. Only complaint is it's more expensive than it needs to be, but most places in Vegas are...
Good Food, simple menu.  Super fast service.  Open late night is a plus.  I have
loved the freshness and cleanness of the place!! . servers were very nice!! . and they recommended couple dishes for us!!! . got this really good almond champagne mmhmm!!
Wolfgang Puck's dishes are tasty. . Maine crabcakes, calamari, meatloaf, and salmon are fresh and flavorful. The calamari is very meaty and the salmon piece was very large. Topped with mushrooms, salad, and potatoes.. The crabcakes are small and comes in four. Costly for the price, but one of the best orders.. Service was alright. Only had someone check up on me once. The most responsive were the ones who took our plates away.
Great sandwiches! . . In our quest for something good to eat while out of town, I decided on Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill. We headed on down to the MGM and walked around for a while before finding it. . . It was a Friday just before noon, so it was a little early, and we were seated right away. . . We took one look at the menu and both knew exactly what we were having. I started with a Raspberry Lemon Drop martini and he started with a Coors Light. I got a Cuban Sandwich and my dining companion got a Roast Beef Panini. Both came with homemade potato chips. . . The atmosphere was comfortable and casual, yet very appealing and not loud for being in the middle of the casino. . . The food came rather quickly, just as the place was starting to fill up. . . The sandwiches were great! My Cuban had the right amount of everything, including pickles on the side so I could add more. I typically do not care for homemade potato chips - apparently these were the exception. Dining companion really enjoyed his roast beef. The arugula was a nice touch to the sandwich. . . Overall a great meal. I would go back without hesitation. In and out in under an hour. . . The food great, the service spot on without being annoying and the price fair at $50 for everything plus tip.
Girls' Night Out at Wolfgang Puck at MGM.  This was my first time here, or at any of Wolfie's restaurants, for that matter.  I loosened up with a nice Prosecco.  . . The four of us shared three entrees:  the mushroom and leek pizza, the Chinoise salad, and a huge chicken schnitzel.  Before the food arrived, we munched on the fabulous bread, and I could have filled up on that.  But I'm glad I didn't.. . The salad wasn't my choice, and I wasn't expecting to like it; I don't like to lard it up my salads with fried wonton strips, and the candied part of the peanuts wasn't enticing.  I like my peanuts straight, thank you.  The dressing was described as having a Chinese mustard base, which I always skip.  But, voila, it all worked, and it was fantastic - I wished the portion had been larger.  But the size of the schnitzel more than made up for it:  it was huge, freshly fried, hot, and not dried out, and covered with an arugula salad with cherry tomatoes that topped it to perfection.  Five stars on both of them.. . The pizza, which brought ol' Wolfgang his fame, was a disappointment.  Oh, the topping was wonderful: plenty of dark, earthy mushrooms and a terrific taglio-something cheese.  But the crust wasn't baked enough.  We sent it back, and its replacement was baked a bit more, but it was still droopy and missing something.  Then I realized that the texture was completely different from the hardened semolina wheat I trained my chops on in a lifetime in New York.  This pizza crust could never rival that, no matter how long it was in the oven.  The wheat is just too soft.. . Service was excellent, from the waiter, manager, and busboy.  Before check time came, I asked about the 20% discount offered to locals that I had read about just recently.  The waiter said they didn't offer it.  He sent the manager over without us asking, who repeated that it wasn't an option, but that they do offer locals a free dessert for every two people.  So who'd pass on dessert, even though we really didn't want it.  (Well, my FRIENDS didn't want it, but I have no will power).  We ordered the Valrona chocolate torte, and ice cream with berries in a crispy shell.  It took all of my strength to leave a bit of that chocolate cake on the plate and waddle out of the restaurant.. . The highlight was when my friend surprised us and paid the bill with her points.  That was an even better dessert!!!
Great food.  We had 4 different choices.  Mostly salads and a pizza.  All of it was delicious.  We did not have multi-course meal.  I would go again.
A little nervous about finding dinner on the Las Vegas strip.  Used Yelp and found this close to our hotel at a reasonable price.  Cool feature was a link to make a reservation using opentable.  We got in on an hour's notice and we watched the place fill up after we were seated.  Food lived up to the reviews and didn't hurt Wolfgang's reputation.  On a quiet side of the casino which was a relief.
We decided to grab some eats before a UFC event, and since we saw this place on our way to the Grand Arena we decided to give it a shot.. . Our server recommended the truffled potato chips, with maytag blue cheese sauce for an appetizer. Amazing.. . I went with the BLT - maple glazed pork belly, arugula, vine ripe tomatoes, avocado, and grilled vegetable pasta salad. Every ingredient worked well together, but the pork belly really stood out. Too bad I was too full to finish the whole sandwich. You could definitely split it with someone, as it does come with a pasta salad.. . Great service here as well. That's 2 for 2 so far, Wolfgang...
We hosted our wedding reception here in October 2010 and it was amazing.  The food was excellent, the space was gorgeous, the staff excellent.  The first course was a chopped vegetable salad, and for the entree our guests had the choice of the chicken or steak.  Our guests are still telling me how delicious everything was.  We got our cake through them also for a very low fee and it was divine (2 layers, one was chocolate genoise/tiramisu, the other was white sponge/white chocolate mousse with berries).  . . Our host was wonderful and attentive--I met him the day before when I dropped off the cake server, champagne glasses, cake toppers, and placecards.  We chatted for about 20 minutes the day before about why we had chosen Vegas to get married and that sort of thing--on the day of, he was super sweet and he made sure everyone was taken care of completely.  Our party was in the small private room, with the wine cabinet against one wall, and it was very nice.. . The only reason they don't get 5 stars was due to a mixup with how the cake was to be paid (I'd faxed the info in about 6 weeks prior and I have no idea what happened to it).  They were less responsive over email than I would have preferred but it all worked out in the end.  It was better than I could have imagined.
Love the roast beef panini. The cheese on it is great. It's an order several times item.. . The chicken salad is good for when I am trying to be good.. . I am totally in love with the iced tea.
Very good, well prepared food. I always stop there for lunch !!
I am a big fan of the pizza's.  I've been eating at the Wolfgang Express restaurants and am a fan of those pizzas.  So when I saw that they had wood oven pizzas I just had to try them.  These are way better than the ones I have been eating and only $5 more.. . I came here twice the when I was in Vegas.  It was very convenient since I was staying at MGM.  The passion fruit mojito was really good (it was part of the reason I wanted to go back a second time ;) ).. . The BBQ chicken pizza was really good, the sauce was sweet and tangy, the peppers had a little kick and the crust was perfect.  The Italian Sausage pizza was good as well and more of just a traditional pizza.  My wife enjoyed the meat loaf and the soup of the day (which was a chicken tortilla soup).. . Overall, good prices, good drinks and good food.  I'm a fan.
I was saddened by the sudden closure of the Wolfgang Puck restaurant within the Macy's downtown in San Francisco. For the last 10 years, I have shared wonderful delicious meals with both my family and my girlfriend by enjoying the soft tender delicious chicken, the flavorful fettucini alfredo, and of course the crispy, tasty French fries that cannot be overlooked.. . When I saw the sign of this restaurant at the early hours of 2AM in Vegas, I at first thought to myself, I must be drunk, this place cannot possibly exist here and be open at this time. Well on this Thursday night/Friday morning at 2AM, Wolfgang Puck was open for business! Me and my girlfriend were quickly seated at one of the tables with a several people around the restaurant enjoying a late snack. Unlike my previous experiences with Wolfgang Puck, this menu they provided was much fancier and lacking my usual orders. Seeing a to the complexity of the menu and not knowing what each selection contained, we played it safe and ordered a regular cheese pizza. Despite my ailing tummy and pulsating, painful headache, I managed to enjoy one slice of pizza. In the moment that I could taste the slice, it provoked thoughts about the good old Wolfgang Puck days in SF. I wish I could have had more pizza, but my body denied it. It was a nice to taste once again was Wolfgang puck meals were like and sad to see how this economic downturn we are still consenting has ruined places such as Wolfgang Puck.. . The service was good, the single slice of cheese I had was great, and my hope for a new Wolfgang Puck in SF remains.
Stopped here before attending a fight in the MGM Grand Garden Arena. This place has lower prices and is open more hours than most of the other celebrity chef places. I sat at the bar and had a beer and the crab cake appetizer. It included 4 small crab cakes which were awesome. I followed that with some sort of Pita, not wanting to break the bank with a larger entree in addition to the appetizer, and the pita was pretty good. You can tell that the prices, hours, service, and quality of this place are popular with semi-regulars to the strip, as the people at the bar sitting next to me included a camera man for the fights and two other guys who were there with the press or a sponsor, so this is the sort of high end working mans gourmet dining option of choice. The atmosphere, service, and value were great and the hours make this an excellent place to stop for a lunch or late late lunch before attending an event or while taking a break from a meeting or conference.
Loved the grilled salmon with corn puree and spinach, hubby had the steak...the passionfruit mojito is amazing.... . All in all a great experience...
Its the ONLY option open at 1am on a Sunday night.  Walked around a couple hotels trying to find food, and NOTHING was open.  We walked into MGM and found Wolfie and gave it a try....pretty good.  Paula took great care of us, and was the ONLY person on my trip to Vegas this time, that made any connection.  . . Me and my 2 friends shared the mussles, linguine w/clams, prosciutto pizza and a bottle of Wolfie's cheap $30 cab.....not bad.  The best was their pear/apple salad...amazing.. . Paula brought a chocolate pudding dessert for my friends b-day....off the charts.  Thanks again Paula !!!
Came here with the girlies but we weren't that hungry so we just ordered a couple of appetizers and a pizza to share. We made reservations the day of. The service and staff were very prompt, friendly, and helpful. We kept asking our waiter about portion size, and he told us that there were only 4 crab cakes, but he was gonna hook us up with 5, since we had 5 girlies in our group. We ordered the following:. . 1. Crispy Fried Calamari, Cucumber Slaw, Lemon, Gremolata Aioli. 2. Sauteed Maine Crab Cakes, Tomato Relish, Basil Aioli. 3. Mesquite Grilled Steak Skewers, Creamy Celery Salad, House Steak Sauce. 4. Pizza: Italian Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Mushrooms, Smoked Ricotta, Onions, Parsley. . Surprisingly that filled us up and we were very satisfied.
My wife takes me to see KA at the MGM once a year and we always eat here beforehand.  The food is great and the homemade cookie dessert we always take togo and eat it in the show.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it,
Good spot for a bar snack. Mushroom leek pizza was stellar, and bartenders very friendly.
Attentive service, clean location, comfy/relaxing ambiance, nice decor & an open view to the casino. My gfs & I had a great lunch experience here.  The server had our even splitted our entrees for us :) . . ~*~Pink Lady Apple & D'Anjou Pear Salad, Blue Cheese, Golden.       Raisins, Fennel, Sherry Vinaigrette.        - - This salad was absolutely DEEELICIOUS!! I have to say in my .             years of salad eating this is seriously the BEST salad!. . ~*~ Butter Lettuce "Caesar Salad", Humboldt Fog Cheese, Garlic.        Croutons, White Anchovies .        - - My gf loved her salad. It definitely was good but I say mine was.             much yummier. . ~*~ Marinated Leg of Lamb, Tomato, Shaved Fennel, Cilantro-Mint Raita,.         House Made Pita, Couscous.          - - The lamb was cooked just right & was a pretty darn good pita! . . ~*~ Sangria.         - - was ok & too much ice/fruits. . O.M.G.!  This place serves Banoffee pie!! arghhh~!  Such a shame I didn't know & didn't try it. Found out when I returned to cali & checked out the menu again. Grrr... =P   The 1st I had this DEEELICIOUS dessert was in UK & never did I find it here in being served in Cali. Besides Eton Mess (another yummy English dessert) it is my all time favorite sweets to eat! . . I'll have to come back here to have me some of that banofee pie!!  Oooh & must try their Raspberry Chocolate Chip Souffle - sounds sooo yummie~ :D
I knew after glancing at this menu we were in for a good lunch. My Husband and I just so happen to stop at this restaurant for a quick bite to eat in between hotel wandering in Vegas. It was just what the doctor ordered for a nice lunch in a chaotic casino. . . There were so many good looking sandwiches on this menu, we had a hard time deciding on one to try, but settled on the pork belly BLT and split the special tomato soup. Both were great, but man oh man, that BLT was to DIE for. It was so simple, but each part was done so well it blew us away. A must get for sure! The tomato soup was good too, made a bit too acidic for me, but still good. The cheese sandwich that came with it had goat cheese, which I love and it was great for dipping. . . The service here was great and next time I'm in Vegas I look forward to coming here for dinner, as I see based on the yelp reviews that is fabulous as well.
Soup and salad $25... Worth every penny. I would do it again in a heartbeat. Reason... the flavors were spot on. I enjoyed both dishes more and more with each bite. Chicken soup and Butter lettuce Caesar's salad simple but I liked the attention to detail. Lettuce was very fresh (I grow my own, so I appreciate this). Very simple but the flavors were very well balanced. Chicken soup, again very simple but very well balanced. Chicken, had very nice flavor - brined?. . Wife had fish and chips. She loved it.Fries were crispy, just the way she liked it. Fish was fresh, batter very light and crispy. Funny, fish reminded me of deep fried dish In some fish tacos I had down at a SHACK down in Baja. Both are are excellent, except the one in Baja were $1 a piece. You don't have to pay top dollar to get good food.. . Service, excellent. They were all attentive and friendly.. . Overall a great time. We will be back.. . -----------------------------------------------------------------------------. . . We were back for a second meal... This one dropped on all counts. Pear and Apple salad was too vinegary and overdressed. Why do people like so much dressing on their salad? My mistake to not ask for the dressing on the side - thought they would respect the freshness of the produce and dress it properly.. . Pizza was good, but was only okay for $15. Reminded me of CPK.. . Service was good but not very friendly.. . 5 stars for the first visit, 3 for the second. 4 stars overall
I'm a fan of any food that comes out of Wolfgang Puck's kitchen, but the one dish I dream about is the Banofee Cream Pie. OMG, it's to die for!!! Sugar dough crust and banana cream custard topped with burleed bananas. It doesn't get any better than that. Totally worth the $8.
Cheese pizza.. . Cheese pizza.. . Cheese cheese cheese pizza.. . Eat it; it's so good.. . The salads are also excellent, but the star is the plain cheese pizza pie.
The husband and I have had two lunches during our weeklong trip so my rating comes with that menu in mind.  Service both times was awesome (Jeremy- you rock and we can't wait to get divorced and re-married at your drive through chapel!). Easy to substitute sides with the sandwiches if you desire.  We had onion rings instead of a salad (cause we are on a health food kick) with the club sandwich.  Onion rings were crispy and not oily.  Sandwich had a nice aoli.  BBQ pizza freaking rocked (another choice made with our healthy diets in mind).  Fries were skinny and crispy which is my favorite!. . The lamb wrap was a little heavy and I would skip next time around.  Might have been nice with a tzatziki sauce.  Also, price of soda was a little steep-4.50. I was glad I opted for an alcoholic beverage instead as it was probably a better value.. . For lunch, this is a great option.  We will return.
We were seated right away and our server was attentive and friendly. I was going to order the Ginger lime iced tea but I forgot. But I did remember to order the Truffled Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese Sauce. :) It was good, but I wouldn't say delicious. The chips were freshly made, but a little to hard for my taste and the sauce was creamy but didn't have enough of a blue cheese kick. I also wish the sauce wasn't drizzled on but as a dip because if you didn't eat it fast enough it becomes sloggy chips.  Our friends had the cheese pizza which they said was delicious. We had also ordered the Ricotta Gnocchi, Sweet Fennel Sausage Bolognese. It was good especially the sausage bolognese, I just wished there was more of it on the plate. The gnocchi was good but after having a couple it became too heavy for me. Then we also had the Grilled Prime Burger, Vermont Cheddar, Smoked Onion Marmalade, which was a good hamburger, but nothing special. The decor of this place is pretty cool and you do feel like you are in the middle of the gambling action even though you are eating. . I would love to go back and try their desserts and some other dishes.
Ate here twice while staying at the MGM Grand hotel.  Very delicious food, with a unique and convenient location/atmosphere.  . . The homemade pizzas and the steak/chicken were amazing.
I am indeed a fan, initially i wasn't to excited about eating here..as i had Pizza and sandwiches the day before.. and never been much of a fan of Wolf from past experiences. . . but since we did hit the black jack table straight from our beds. After an hour or 2 of playing we were way too lazy to walk around in search for food to fill our tummies. Wolf Gang was conveniently located right in front of our black jack table, so we settled. . . service was really great, mainly from the bus boys around that filled up our waters, and proceeded to asked if we needed anything else, The love wasn't well recieved from our Waitress, She didn't fill up our waters and her gestures just seemed forced. Though she did suggest the Ravioli truffle mushroom..and that was OMG, just delish! So i guess that made up for lack of qualified service. . . My friends each their own, enjoyed the pizzas and the calamaris! . good job wolf! I am glad I settled .
Dined for lunch yesterday with my husband and mother in law.  . . We shared the chinoise chinese chicken salad to start while she had the caeser.  Our salad was really tasty. Roasted peanuts and shredded chicken all chopped into fork size combinable bites.  It needed salt, but otherwise, quite good.  The caeser is legit.  It comes with anchovies thick , rich, creamy dressing, and parmesan.  The bread basket is very nice too, three choices, foccacia, french and a raisin served with softened whipped butter.  Thank you WP, I absolutely hat e it when my butter is cold and rips my bread.. . Next we shared thje pork belly BLT and the sweet corn ravioli.  The BLT was good but didn't knock my socks off.  The portion was large; the sandwick was served with a big bowl of flavorful pasta slad.  The pork belly was delicious, of course.  I was dissapointed in the caliber of tomato on the sandwich.  It was a cheap snotty slice expected form a fast food burger.  The ravioli was pure bliss.  Sweet corn puree delicately placed in between fresh pasta, and topped with shaved truffles, shaved parmesan and bitty buttery mushrooms.  Whoa! So good.  MIL had a salmon burger on special and it quickly dissapeared, must have been good.. . We finished with a latte and the choclate beigneits with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream.  They were essentialy molten doughnut holes with an enjoyable bittersweet flavor.  My latte was perfection.  . . I was surprised when our bill was only $90.  Seemed reasonable to me for three people with three courses in the MGM for lunch.  I even had food to take home.  This is proabaly my 5th time dining here at WP and they really do a nice job.  . . Service was good, we ended up getting everything we needed.  A bit slow, especially for the level of business, but we weren't in a a hurry.
A great pre-fix lunch. The zucchini soup was wonderful and the Salmon was perfect
Great service - open fairly late! . . We had some delicious rosemary foccacia bread then a nice 1/2 Caesar salad (which is way too big on its own as a side salad- so half was definitely the way to go). Finally I had the wild mushroom agnolotti - which was cooked perfectly. Out of all the restaurants we went to this served up the best value for our money and  by far the best Italian we ate on the trip.
These are my top 5 favorite things about this restaurant:. . 1.  They are open from 11:30 a.m. until LATE into the night (I think they close at 6 a.m. in fact), so if you're looking for a classic lunch, a great dinner, a post-midnight snack or a very early breakfast, this is your place (they actually serve breakfast items from 11 p.m. onward).. . 2.  Location, location, location.  They're right in the center of the MGM next to the Ka (Cirque du Soleil) theater and easily accessible from everywhere.. . 3.  On their lunch menu they have an amazing BLT which I often get without the "B "(thereby making it vegetarian-friendly).  It's awesome with or without the meat (maple glazed pork belly) thanks to the wonderful combo of guacamole, arugula, and tomato on grilled sourdough.  I would also suggest getting their delicious onion rings on the side instead of the pasta salad. . . 4.  The Chinois salad - with or without chicken - is a Wolfgang classic and a consistently great dish.  I believe it's available on every menu (lunch, dinner and late night).. . 5.  The service is always friendly and prompt.. . Some other items that deserve a mention: tuna tartare, corn chowder (when available), and pretzel bread.. . My only criticism is that the desserts always seem off - we've tried the pies on multiple occasions and they consistently have that "refrigerator" flavor.  But overall, I love this place and highly recommend it.
We stopped by Wolfgang after walking out of another place.  We were glad we chooses Wolfgang.  Great service, excellent food.  Good call before the show we were going to see later that night
My husband works at MGM. We have tried a good amount of places there. I recently tried Wolfgang Pucks. I always pass it when I visit him, so I was curious.. . I had the Truffle Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese Sauce to start off with. Oh my goodness! These have to be the most spectacular potato chips I have ever had. Then again, almost anything cooked with truffle is amazing.  . . I was told that the organic chicken was very good. And for my first time there, I always think a chicken dish is pretty safe and hard to ruin. It was quite good. It wasn't dry at all, and the skin was cooked just perfectly. I like the skin to be pretty crunchy.  It was served on top of garlic potato puree, honey glazed carrots, and spring peas.  Carrots were perfect. I like mine a bit undercooked to give it that crunch texture (If you want soft veggie, go eat baby food).  The potatoes were very good to my tasting, but I am not a potato connoisseur.  . . To top off dinner we shared the chocolate beignets. I was expecting the old fashion beignets (like the square ones from New Orleans at Cafe Du Monde). Of course, leave it to these chefs to re-invent them. These beignets were almost like donut holes, BUT BETTER! They are almost like the texture of chocolate souffle that is rolled into a ball. And inside this ball was core of yummy chocolate-ness.  To compliment it all, it was served with vanilla bean ice cream and caramel sauce. . . Service was decent. It was incredibly busy when we came, so I am not completely sure how they normally are. I would actually give a 2 1/2 -3 stars for service. But the potato chips and beignets make me want to give them four overall.
We just had dinner at Wolfgang Puck's last night and thought their pizza's were outstanding.  Thin crust, great flavors, had both an italian sausage pizza and cheese pizza.  We started with the potato chips drizzled with truffle oil and sprikled with cheese, these are not to be missed it you try this place.. . zzbird
it's not a 5 star restaurant, so don't expect 5 star service, but it's pretty upscale. I thought it was a bit pricey for a bar and grill - we ended up paying well over 300 bucks, and no we did not order lobster or champagne, but the food is excellent!
This cool spot is conveniently located at the MGM Grand if you need a quick break from some slots.  The food was way better than I expected.  I tried the pork belly sandwich and caesar salad and was really impressed.  Both of these dishes are really, really awesome.  I tried the pizza with all the meat lover's fixings and it was extremely tasty but not as crispy as I would have expected (as a native Bronxite, I'm understandably biased).  Overall, I highly recommend this joint!
I would give 5 stars if the service was better.  The waiter took forever to give us our check, even after I flagged down another waiter for our bill.. . Other than that, the food was awesome.  I had the home-made spaghetti, I really loved the quality of the noodles.  The sauce had generous chunks of tomato and was very tasty.  My bf had the Italian omelet, and it was stuffed with mushrooms (his fave!).  His potatoes were a little salty according to him, but I thought it was perfect.  Both entrees were huge and we were stuffed.. . This place is really great for casual dining, its right in the middle of the MGM casino.  I probably would come again.
Wow...the best 3 AM mac 'n cheese I've ever eaten. REALLY it was 4 AM, since the clocks had just been switched back that night. I had announced that I NEEDED to find some mac 'n cheese, and ohhh how grateful I was when Wolfgang Puck's appeared as we turned the corner. So can you trust my 4 AM-in-Vegas mac 'n cheese testimonial? Absolutely! That was some damn good macaroni and four cheeses. Hot, creamy, and salty...and tucked into the perfect little cast iron pot to safely house some 1500 or so calories. Exactly what I had wanted.. . And then there was the, "I just want something small" - famous last words of a man. My husband ordered a wood oven pizza with prosciutto, Kalamata olives, oven dried tomatoes, basil pesto, and goat cheese. After unattractively housing my dish, I tried a piece of the pizza (sans crust - tummy was starting to protest), which was fantastic. Kalamata olives blow me away every time I eat them on a pizza or flatbread. Just delicious. My husband apparently agreed; he ate all but two slices of the rest...and then we went upstairs to our room and he ate those two. Gross, but not really...it WAS that good.. . We were in and out pretty quickly and all cravings were satisfied! Definitely loved it. And I have no doubt that the place is incredible for lunch, dinner, and the like...but for now, I will remember it so fondly as the late-night keeper of the mac 'n cheese. Yummmm.
We were going to Diego in the MGM Grand, too bad it didn't open for lunch, looked like Wolfgang puck bar and grill was the only restaurant open there, out of choice. We'v seen this restaurant so many times, never wanted to try it cause it is located in the middle of the casino. Glad we tried this restaurant by Wolfgang Puck. . . Decor: 3.5. Food: 4. Service: 5. Location: 3. Atmosphere: 4. . Total lunch bill for 2, 2 fat tire: $96 . . Garlic -Chilli glazed wings with blue cheese dressing: so delicious, meaty, flavored, a bit sweet, but just right! It was messy eating those, I had all of them! . Home style chicken soup with veggies and Italian parsley: so good, very flavored . Linguini, Malina clams, garlic, pancetta, chilli, Wild oregano : loved the clams, hubby loved the pork in there, the linguini was OK. . French Style omelet , field mushrooms with french fries : so delicious!  :) . . Portions were huge, we couldn't finish everything. Took fries to go, it was my snack on the way back to LA. :) . . Loved our food, service was great, our waitress was very nice, brought me wet napkin to clean my hands after eating wings, it's dry napkin dipped in a cup of warm water, with a piece of lemon on the side to help remove the oil on my hands, how nice .:) . . Minus the location, cause I didn't like restaurant in the middle of a casino in the open, everything else was great. Loved the atmosphere, very chill and relaxing, perfect for a hang over lunch. Will try the other location in LA live sometime!
We liked this place. But didn't love. Maybe because we were recovering from our afternoon drinking/blackjack binge, but everything was just good. Good Mac and chz, good salmon, good truffle chips, good crab cakes. Recommended as a solid meal with impeccable service, but it probably won't make your top 10 meals of all time list. Get the ginger line iced tea, it was excellent, as was the service - from the host to the busboys, everyone was awesome.. OK...Part 2.  Because EVERYTHING at MGM closes at 10pm (except this place), we ate here again the very next night.  We had the chinese chicken salad, brussel sprouts, chicken wings and the chopped veg salad.  Everything was great.  Food that is.  Service was uneven.  . We may end up back here again, actually.  I can't believe everything else closes so early.
If you can make peace with the fact that you're going to pay casino floor prices for this food, it's really a good option for lunch.. . I had a simple lunch- a club sandwich which was fresh and delicious and served with fresh greens with a nice vinaigrette dressing. . . I would definitely eat here again. The service was fine (and it was super busy during the lunch rush).
Was looking for quality food in Vegas without having to pay a ton. Our server was very helpful, and I got the quality food  I wanted :)
Pleasantly surprised by this gem amidst the MGM Casino. Dined here twice for dinner during my last weekend in Vegas. Pretty content with everything I ordered, and service was fast. . . Things I recommend - for appetizers, the tuna tartare. For entrees, the turkey meatloaf and calves liver (yes i'm a carnivore if you couldn't already tell, but both were really good). The calves liver sounds kinda gross, but it was actually a very tender cut, with fried onions and pancetta. . . I would definitely recommend this restaurant as an alternative to the restaurants at the MGM Walkway (which are slightly pricier). More casual ambiance, but a great place for a quick bite and no wait for tables.
Enjoyed lunch here with my husband while visiting Vegas this past weekend. My husband enjoyed the burger while I enjoyed the apple salad. Service was pleasant, professional, and right on time. The food was delicious. The burger was very tasty with fries that were so crisp they practically snapped! My salad was fresh and perfectly dressed. I hate when a salad is over dressed. I did get chicken breast to go with my salad and it was a bit overseasoned to the point of being too salty. . . All in all, this was a fun restaurant and a good dining experience but just remember, you're paying casino floor prices..so don't get sticker shock when the bill arrives.
Another place where they pour the rum and cokes pretty heavy.  I hear at dinner time they serve Wolfgangs awesome mac & cheese.  Too bad I was too drunk to make it back for dinner.  Oh well, maybe next time!
Didn't know what to expect as this was our first Wolfgang Puck restaurant experience but we definitely were not disappointed.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  We got to talking and we found out the manager was from Chicago (like us) and is also a Purdue alum!  . . We started with the Brussels sprouts, had the wood oven pizza, and the roasted potatoes.  Servings were more than adequate and we waddled out of there.  Going to make a stop the next time we are in Vegas.
Wowzers ... I was recently in Vegas and had my first stay at the MGM Grand Hotel. The first food I had during my stay was here at Wolfgang's.  Probably some of the best food I can remember eating in Vegas. I ordered the prosciutto pizza which had kalamata olives, oven-dried tomatoes, goat cheese and a drizzle of basil pesto ... This was heaven on a plate!  If you've read my other reviews, you know I have a serious relationship with olives, especially on my pizza. Mmmm....It was delish! My friend had the half chicken and it came out looking pretty amazing as well.  I thought prices were really reasonable (considering it's Vegas and in a hotel) and service was good.. I would definitely make an attempt to eat here again on a future trip to Vegas!
The hottie and I were in Vegas and rollin dice all night.  Got hungry around 4 a.m. and since we were staying at MGM, only the  Wolfgang Puck Cafe was open.  We sat down and were pleasantly surprised by a rather ecclectic menu for so late.  The hottie got the BLT and I got a stack of pancakes.. . The BLT was da bomb!  It was so good I wanted to go back the next day just to order it again.  Instead of the flimsy little bacon you usually get, Wolfgang gives you a large thick piece of pork belly.  Sooooo good with a nice amount of flavorful pork fat and smokey meat.  Crispy toast and also some avacado for creaminess.  One of the best things I've ever eaten.. . Oh..... well as you can see I ate most of the hottie's BLT so she ended up with most of my pancakes.  The pancakes were nothing special but they did give you a nice heap of blue berries and a great vanilla mascarpone that acted as the butter.  . . I would go back again and again just for the BLT.  Next time I want to try some of the pizzas.
My husband had linguine with clams...very very good! I had meatball pizza...best i ever had..crust was perfection! We also ordered house salads which were incredibly fresh and tasty!! Would go back to Vegas just for this place!
We stopped in here for a snack and were pleasantly surprised. . . The whole menu is a bit pricey, so I'm taking a star away. . . The Tuna tartare appetizer is a deconstructed spicy tuna roll sans rice with some seasame chips. It was excellent and quite a large portion. We also had the calamari which was lightly breaded in panko and was cooked perfectly. The aioli that is served with it is excellent. I highly recommend both. . . Service was excellent. I recommend, just be ready to fork over a benjamin.
Stumbled across this place while on a business trip. Needed a place to eat that could accommodate a small party without a long wait as many from the group were hungry and tired.. . The atmosphere was nice but unimpressive; partially because it is located inside of a casino with flashing lights and lots of noise, and partially because it is a small venue within a large casino and it felt a little crowded and claustrophobic. Regardless of the overall atmosphere our group received a great table, a little more privatethan the others, and next to the open kitchen. . . The menu didn't seem to impressive at first; pizza, burgers, potato chips... seemed just like a regular bar. So why was the food for of pricey and what made this place so much better than a regular bar. It was the food! Who would of known that pizza didn't have to taste so average and that potato chips could be so outstanding.. . I had to go back a few months later, for business again, and this time I brought my husband. Our first night in Vegas I insisted on returning to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill specifically for the Truffled Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese - out of this world - and splurged on some dessert. Honestly I don't recall what my husband got but the Raspberry Chocolate Chip Souffle I got made me a fan of this Wolfgang Puck for life.. . If I ever go to Vegas again I will definitely dine here; but what I really want is for Wolfgang to put one of his restaurants in Philadelphia so I can enjoy the chips and souffle anytime I want.
Great service and food. The setting is nothing special, as it sits right in the middle of the MGM casino, but they've tried to make it nice. Getting a decent seat was no problem.. . Went for lunch. Very reasonable. The sandwiches are big and the beer is cold. I am a HUGE fan of reubens, but opted for the Cuban instead. Good, but compared to my wife's reuben, I made the wrong choice. Served on pretzel bread and thick with fresh ingredients, this sandwich ROCKED!
We were going to watch KA and it's right in front of the theatre, so perfect!. . Our waiter was great, kind and attentive. . . We started with the waiters suggestion of the crab cakes and they were sooooo good. Great suggestion my friend. . . My BF had the ribeye and it was cooked to perfection. It was super good. The potatoes were amazing. They were small potatoes I think and deep fried but had this scrumptous feeling when you bit into it. It was like an airy potatoe. There had to be some type of coating to get it like that. But it was soo good!. . I had the spaghetti and meatballs. It was okay but a little too spicy for me so I couldn't get the full marinara flavoring. The meatballs were huge though. But I'd have to get something else next time.. . Drinks were always filled, plates always cleared. I love great customer service. I would suggest this place if you're looking for good food and good service.
Beware of peak dining times and busy convention/ concert/ fight weekends!  It has a very convenient location... between KA and the Grand Garden Arena - this place can get jam-packed.  My personal favorites?  The Truffle Potato Chips with Blue Cheese Sauce and the Chopped Salad.  A bit contradictory... but opposites often do attract ;)
i come here just for the chinois salad and fried calamari. it's absolutely delicious and so unique. the salad is fresh and so flavorful. the calamari reminds me of the dish that we had a few times at the r&g lounge in san francisco. (a great restaurant in chinatown). i will have to visit wolfgang pucks restaurant in dallas just to have these dishes again!. . the service is great and we split the meatloaf and mashed potatoes. the dish was very good, but i've had better meatloaf. i like a more southern homecooked meatloaf rather than the upscale version.
If you're in the mood for a great Vegas establishment with top quality food without the long pesky wait, or burning a hole in your pocket. this place is for you.. . Very well priced, and great food selection. The onion rings are very delicious.
We had a great meal here the other night.  The service was very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  I was eyeing the gnocchi with fennel sausage bolognese, and asked the server if there was basil in that dish, as I have a sensitivity to it.  He told me that the sauce base is a tomato basil and recommended that if in doubt I should avoid it, so I asked if it were possible to get the gnocchi with a creme sauce instead.  He suggested I try it with alfredo sauce, and then the fennel sausage 'sauce' that they normally mix with the tomato basil.  I figured I may be getting myself into trouble but it sounded good so I figured I would try it.. . He came back a few minutes later to warn me that the sauce would come out 'pink' in color and asked if that was ok.  Sure, I'm not biased :)  So I waited further.. . The gnocchi was DELICIOUS.  I loved the way it came out...except for the basil garnish on the top of the center.  HAHAHA, after all that trouble, the chef really did sprinkle some basil on the top.  I picked it off with a fork, not wanting to make a big deal about it, but I was pretty amused.  . . My parents both ordered the 'kobe' hambuger which they said was delicious.  . . I tried the citrus sweet tea,  and wasn't quite as keen on that - it was very citrusy and not very sweet.  If you're the type that likes lots of lemon in your tea you'll probably like it but I'm a southern sweet tea gal myself.. . As far as prices go, it is not cheap but it is a darn sight cheaper than most of the other fancy options around.  My plate of pasta was $23.  I didn't get a starter because I have a small appetite but if you're a heartier eater you'd probably want to get a starter as well.  With the burger you don't really need a starter.  They give you a plate of nice currant sourdough bread which my parents loved, and I thought was fine but somewhat forgettable.. . Overall though I appreciate that they worked with me on my fiddly dietary issues and gave me a delicious meal rather than an afterthought.  I am going to be at the hotel for a week for a conference so I am sure to eat here again at least once.  If I dare to try a different dish I will report back on how it is.. . One comment though, it is EXTREMELY loud in here as it is fully open to the casino floor.  If you want a cozy romantic meal where you can chat without yelling, this isn't a good pick.
I came back again a few nights after my first review and ate at the bar.  I had a pineapple-ginger mojito (really good!), the 3-cheese mac & cheese (very large portion, I could have eaten it as a meal, or it's a very good size to share) and the flat iron steak entree.. . I really liked the 3 cheese mac & cheese, it comes with a cavatappi pasta, melted cheese, and breadcrumbs on top - although there was a minor implementation issue - it comes in a deep cast iron dish about 6" x 3" x 3" or so.  The cheese on top was boiling when I got it... but there were a couple cold bites in the middle.  They weren't *hard* cold per se, just not fully heated.  Not enough to bother sending it back because other than that it was terrific, and there were probably onlyabout 2 bites of the whole thing that were cold.. . The flatiron steak was good too, it came with fries and a few green beans and had a wine sauce & a teensy bit of blue cheese butter.  I really only had one bite that tasted like blue cheese at all, would have liked a little more of that, but the steak had good flavor and the wine sauce actually worked really well to allow the fries to soak into.  . . Service at the bar was friendly, not as 'in-depth' as you're going to get at a table, but no complaints.. . I am still trying to decide whether to go back there for my last lunch of the trip or whether to try Emeril's (which I ate at several years ago but not this trip)...decisions, decisions!
Compared to other celebrity restaurants, it was a little less expensive. In the MGM Grand hotel, but there are glass-like walls so you're not right on the casino floor. . . Mac n' Cheese was quite delicious, cheesy, some gooey, crisp bits at the top. . . I had the chicken milanese, which was ridiculously large. I couldn't finish it. Still, it was quite refreshing after all the bread and pasta I was eating. Oh, wait. Mac n' cheese counts as pasta. See? I need to have it in every meal. . . Sangria. Cool, refreshing. Light. With a little zing. Seltzer? Sparkles? I'd get another. More, please. . . All in all, wait wasn't too long. And they take reservations. If you, in theory, don't want to wait. . . Our waiter was okay. Pretty attentive. But...occasionally I had to chase him down. It's all good though.
I have come to realize that Wolfgang Puck's name is ALL over Las Vegas.  He seems to have a restaurant in every casino on the Las Vegas strip (am exaggerating but you get the idea).  My boyfriend ate something with pancetta in it last year and it changed his life.  He kept talking about it all year long so we decided to reawaken his taste buds by returning to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill.. . There seems to always be a wait but never a long one.  The restaurant is practically smack dab in the middle of the casino making it easy to find.  Unfortunately I was sitting right next to this giant light in the ground that blinded me every time I shifted in my seat.  I was tempted to ask to be seated elsewhere but I was too hungry to move so I just sucked it up.  But the next time you're about to get seated next to this giant twine sculpture with the light in the ground, I advise you to ask to be seated elsewhere before you plant your bottom.. . We were disappointed to see that the menu has changed since the last time we were there and my boyfriend could not find his heavenly pancetta risotto dish and settled for a pancetta wrapped meatloaf instead.  I quickly snuck a peek at yelp to see whats good and decided on a wild mushroom ravioli.  The waiter sadly informed me that the dish was no longer available and recommended the gnocchi with a bolognese sauce.  Although I was a bit disappointed, I went with his suggestion.  We also decided to start with the crab cakes as we were both ravishingly hungry by this time.. . The crab cakes came out in four tiny little cakes.  Albeit rather small, they were packed with flavor.  I would return just to get three orders of the crab cakes for myself.  The pancetta wrapped meatloaf was nothing like your mother used to make.  The pancetta was baked to a nice crisp while the meatloaf was soft and juicy.  My gnocchi was good but I probably wouldn't get it again.  It was not very memorable and it was just so-so to me.  I think I was just bummed that I didn't get to try the ravioli that my fellow yelpers raved about.
Love this place and the late night menu is great and affordable.  One of the best burgers I've ever had at this place plus truffle chips are great.  I've eaten at this place 3-4 times over the past few years and never been disappointed.
I've been here many times and food is always great and consistent. Some menu items change often so there is always something seasonal to try. It is also open very late which makes it the best choice in the hotel for dining after 10pm.. . Apps:. You HAVE to have the chicken soup - so fresh and tasty. I always start a meal with a bowl of the soup. Chinese chicken salad is good too - large portion. . Lunch:. The lamb sandwich is amazing, don't pass it up. Pizzas are also good and pretty large. Burger is good. . Dinner:. The last 2 visits I had the Kobe beef special. It's a great deal, about $47 and steak is very tender. It also comes with (literally) a pound of potatoes and cauliflower on the side. Very large portion and vegetables are perfectly cooked. Probably the best Kobe beef deal in town.. I had the salmon once and it is good. The flat iron steak is pretty good. The thin breaded chicken breast is nothing special, I would pass. Spaghettini with tomato sauce is a great light dish, very fresh and flavorful and vegetarian.. . Dessert:. I believe I had the cobbler or fruit pie and it is very good and big enough for 2. They have good loose leaf tea selection. For lunch the fresh cookies are good too.. . Complaints:. Only real complaint is the service is hit or miss. If you eat at the bar, the bar tenders are nothing special but I once had a very good female bar tender that checked often on me and my meal.
This restaurant has served me some of the best, most memorable meals of my life. On my most recent visit to Vegas, I only made it here once. (Usually I go at least once a day.). . The service is still very good. They are knowledgeable and attentive, and most of them talk like they've tried everything on the menu. That's always a good sign. . . This time around, the standout was the pork belly confit. It was SPECTACULAR... One of those things you eat and then have to pause for a few minutes.. . Most of the times I eat here, that's exactly what it's like no matter what I order. This will remain a dining staple for me in LV.
I've eaten here for lunch and dinner and both times the food was fantastic. The most recent dinner there was about $60 for two people including a round of drinks. That's pretty affordable for Vegas.. . We split the burger and it was AWESOME. We also got the mac n' cheese --it was just ok and I'd skip it next time. The Brussels Sprouts were amazing and I'd order them again there every time. Service was great and fairly fast.
We had a great time here. All four of us were happy with their food. I enjoyed the calimari, and LOVED the cucumber martini. I thought about that drink for the rest of the weekend. The girls I was with really enjoyed their linguine with clams, and the potato chip appetizer with blue cheese was out of this world. That appetizer and the cucumber martini were my favorite things.
Love the fries here, sOo yummy, thin and crispy with seasoning. . The steaks here are made just right. Not over cooked & just enough red & blood. Just the way I like it. The steak burger is good if you like onions. I think the onion flavor is overpowering. It makes me thirty afterward. The clam pasta is good. It would be better if they clean the clams a bit better. Had a few clams with sand/ dirt a few times already. sigh. The mussel pasta gets boring after a few bites.
3.75 stars.  You want to know what easily was the biggest disappointment of my last Vegas trip?  That I didn't get to have a second session of drinking with Dave, one of the most awesome bartenders I have ever met.  Seriously, if you happen to be in the MGM Grand in the next two or three months, take the opportunity to sidle up the bar if you happen to see a tall bald headed dude working.  You won't regret it.  . . My first night on my last trip to Vegas involved a moderately lengthy stay at the bar at Wolfgang Puck.  It was a slow night, and the bartender inquired about what was obviously a look of pain on my face.  "I hope my face doesn't contort like that when I'm playing poker," I noted, knowing full well that it certainly does not.  He asked what was bothering me, I told him, and then I stated that it wasn't really a big deal (and it's not).  He then proceeded to tell me what happened to him the previous night, and let's just say it put EVERYTHING into perspective.  The night was still young, and before you knew it, there were rounds upon rounds of drinks, including two comped ones on Dave, as we ran the gamut of his own incredible night and simultaneously mocked the idea of what most people consider problems.  As I was leaving, he noted, "You get it."  He was talking about life.  And he gets it as well.  . . There are other reasons to come here aside from incredible service.  The actual drinks at the bar were nicely prepared, including a Manhattan preparation nicely chilled with carved ice.  The bar is well stocked with fun rye whiskeys, scotches, and bourbons as moderate price points.  The Shishito peppers and short ribs I ordered may have been short of magnificent, but were solid nonetheless.  At worst, it is certainly a reasonable alternative to NobHill for those who'd like something nice while avoiding L'Atelier's pricing.  . . While I get this isn't exactly destination dining and the atmosphere is kind of weird (located in the middle of the MGM Grand), it isn't a bad place, especially on Fight Night, to watch the legions of craziness descend upon MGM Grand while sipping nice cocktails and judging everyone in your vicinity.  Yeah, I think I'll go back here on my next Vegas trip.
We ended up having a light dinner & cocktails here last minute before seeing KA. Glad we did because it was delicious! We ordered some appetizers and shared them. This was enough for the 5 of us (also ended up with 2 enormous baskets of assorted bread because we had about 4 different people waiting on us for some reason) - . . -Heirloom Tomato Caprese, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil Aioli, Aged Balsamic. -Crispy Fried Calamari, Cucumber Slaw, Lemon, Gremolata Aioli. -Sauteed Maine Crab Cakes, Tomato Relish, Basil Aioli. -Mesquite Grilled Steak Skewers, Creamy Celery Salad, House Steak Sauce. -Truffled Potato Chips, Maytag Blue Cheese Sauce. . cocktails- Prosecco, cucumber martini (favorite drink of the trip), orange blossom, pineapple mojito. . The truffled potato chips were outstanding!!! I seriously could've eaten the whole plate myself. Very rich flavor and the bleu cheese was the best I've ever had. Steak skewers were my second favorite, really tender & the sauce was terrific. Calamari was good but didn't stand a chance against Federal Hill's.  Heirloom caprese salad was refreshing and the crab cakes were good but tiny. They did offer to give us an extra because only 4 came in an order.  Wish we had time for dessert because the chocolate beignets looked out of this world. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll def come back.
Basing this review on past experiences. The last time I went I was disappointed in the food, the service was still excellent. . . I've eaten here several times and have had the calamari (so-so), the mesquite grilled steak skewers (amazing), truffled potato chips (very good), buffalo cheese pizza (incredible), calves liver (stupid good), caramelized brussel sprouts, yukon gold potato puree, banoffee, and pineapple upside cake with vanilla ice cream. . . Basically everything there has been incredibly good. This is another place that I always hit up when I'm in Vegas and I'm hoping the last time I was there was just an off night because I would hate to find it's no longer worth stopping at.
always a fan of pucks places, the express at disneyworld, mgm in Dtown, this was a casino people watching spot, pineapple mojito was spot on not too sweet andjust enough booze(++) too my likeing. the truffle chips in maytag blue cheese (not the kitchen appliance) sauce was a great combo big chunks of blue cheese in a subtle sauce tho the chips could have been warmer.my wife had the wild/domestic mushroom pasta w/asperagus and parmagiannoand while it was as advertised the flavor was "meh". it was on the dry/oily side and needed something to pull it together so we put some blue cheese and sauce from the chips on it and made it a better dish ...for us. $57 for a "snack"...where's the 13.99 buffet and try that!!
Love the pizza, great desserts, decent wait staff. Its a little loud, but it is seated right in the middle of the MGM casino, so I guess it is as best as you can expect with that scenario. I always make a point of coming to this restaurant when I stay at MGM. It is always busy because it is good.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas - great food, but a little more casual and a little less wallet busting than a lot of other big name restaurants in the area.  Been here at least 6 or 7 times and have never been disappointed.  You can also order food packed up to go if you want to eat in your quiet hotel room.
the tuna tartar is sooooooooo goooooooood!!!. . they are very generous with their alcohol pours :). they are open very late too.
Sat at the bar... Food was yummy! Drinks were refreshing! Service was excellent. Atmosphere was a little loud though
So a friend and I was walking around MGM looking for a place to eat before our show. We werent dressed up so that eliminated all the fancy restaurants.. It was either Wolfgang Puck, The food court or Rainforest Cafe.. and I was not going to eat at the food court or rainforest an over priced sit down version of the food court.. So we had no choice but to eat at Wolfgang Puck.. honestly i am not a big fan of wolfgang puck but it beats the food court.. As i entered in the restaurant with a complete attitude of " I hate wolfgang puck" , my mood started to change.... . . The waiters and staff greeted you welcoming you into wolfgang puck..I was slowly start to brush off the i ahte wolfgang puck attitude.... . As we sat down water and beverage was taken immediately.. i said to myself hmmmm... ineteresting.. love how fast they work.... . . The server was really friendly and informative.. gave us the specials and had a positive attitude really good guest service skills pretty impressed... . I was pretty impressed how often they refilled our water and bread basket without being told... . So the food finally came and i was in shock. I was supirsed how huge the portions were.. I ordered the burger and my freind had the pizza i must say DAYUM! Wolfgang! i am impressed.. loved the juicey burger and loved the fries.. PIzza was awesome also!. . For dessert we had the Banana siffoule it was mmm mmmm good!. . Overall Wolfgang shocked the crap outta me.. Love this place! ive had the wolfgang puck cafes at the airport and was not impressed at all that's why i was a bit hesitant to eat at this wolfgang puck but im glad i gave it a second try and i would definitely dine here again!
A special shout out to our server Aran (sp?) who was especially accommodating of our party of three that realized after ordering that we were dangerously close to being late for a show.. . Each of us ordered a drink, all of which were refreshing and delicious. Since we were staying at the signature and knew we would want leftovers, we also each ordered a pizza. We ended up sharing a chicken pizza, mushroom pizza, and prosciutto pizza. We housed the first few pieces before Aran packed it all up to go for us. The pizza was equally delicious (if not more so) as a late night snack. :). . Service was quick and friendly with the right amount of personality and follow up. Which is more than I can say for a lot of places in Vegas who sometimes come across as insincere.
During our visit we had some down time after the pool and before the nights festivities that I thought I would get a small bite to eat.  A friend and I sat at the bar and shared 2 appetizers.  I originally thought we would get 3 but the first 2 were plenty of food.  The Crispy Fried Calamari with cucumber slaw was excellent.  The calamari was so tender and the breading was light.  I don't remember many details on the slaw that was withit because it was pretty bland.  Didn't matter to me though since the calamari was so good.  We also ordered the Mesquite Grilled Steak Skewers.  The steak was melt in your mouth good! I'm not a big fan of any type of sauce on steaks, but the house steak sauce complimented the meat!  There were 6-7 skewers on the place and the meat was a few bites per skewer.. . I wish we could have gone back for a full meal, but I will certainly head back there the next time I am in Vegas.  I had this place in mind for a late night snack because they are open until 6am, but we never made it.
The staff was very nice and attentive.  They have a great Caesar Salad,  with white anchovies.  The Ahi salad/app was excellent.  They also have a good kids menu.
Great late night eatery.. . Was a little reluctant to try it. In the end I had not choice. Was starving at 11PM and didn't want to leave the hotel to get a bite to eat.. . Tried the burger and a flatbread pizza. They were both very delicious. Wolfgang Puck is known for his pizzas and the flatbread was totally up to that standard. It was very delicious. Also the burger was awesome. It was perfectly cooked. WhenI was ordering, I told the waitress I wanted the burger well-done and she recommeneded that I get it medium. I am so glad I went with her suggestion.. . At the MGM late at night, and your hungry. GO to Wolfgang
WOW....that was good food.. . Seriously. I have rarely been to any "celebrity name" restaurants before, but it was late and we'd been tearing down a booth after a tradeshow, so the boss thought we could use some food.. . I was pretty tired, so I tried one of the non-alcoholic drinks.I can't remember the name of it, but it was very tasty. (I think it was a tropical tea/pommegranite thing.). . I had the chili chicken wings and a side order of the wild mushrooms. Holy fungi, Batman! That was AWESOME. . . They have late night food to DIE for! (and judging from the other reviews, the food is pretty reasonably priced.). If I'm in the MGM again, I will TOTALLY eat there!!!
Breakfast Potatoes, I love you.. . So glad that we chose Wolfgang's over Studio Cafe for a leaving las vegas brunch/lunch. . . The service and the food quality here is top notch, and the decor is cool, with colorful decorated glass slabs separating the dining area. Seeing as it is just as reasonably priced for lunch as the $20/person buffet and the creepy diner looking Studio Cafe, I choose this any day. I'd prefer quality over quantity.. . Off the bat, the coffee is incredible. Just what you need to counteract all those vicious cocktails from days prior. . . The butter lettuce ceasar was fabulous with the aged foghorn bleu cheese, and we asked them to go easy on the dressing. It was still lively and flavorful while being light and delicate. . . The mushroom omelette, pretty good. Not the most incredible omelette I've tasted but it was up to snuff. Needed salt and hot sauce. The potatoes that come with it, however, were ridiculously amazing. Perfect crispy outer texture, lightly peppery, hot and soft inside. Soo good!!!
First off, tbh, I've only been here twice. But, both times I was happy with the quality of the food served to us. . . This place is located in the MGM Casino, but once you're inside, you kind of forget you're in a casino - unless, of course, you look out the glass things. They have a cool wood design thing around the exit, and the rest is very modern. White tables, glass almost everywhere. I really like it. There's almost always a wait for it, but so far, it's only been about 10 - 15 minutes for us until we're seated. . . Generally, everything on their menu is quite pricey. However, I feel like that's simply the cost for going to a celebrity chef's restaurant. . . The first time we were here, I got the salmon, which was flaky and good. However, even though it was really empty, our food took forever to get to our table! And to top it off, everything was cold! We were so disappointed. However, our waiter at that time was very courteous. The guy (a cute one, I might add) who brought our food to the table overheard us say we were there to have a dinner celebration for my grandma's birthday. We thought nothing further of it. He disappeared for a while, because he wasn't our waiter. However, at the end of the meal, he came back with a slice of a chocolate tart for us, with a lit candle stuck into it! We were so touched that he remembered (not to mention, it was free! ). . . Our second time here, the food was way better. Their bread basket is a mixture of all kinds of things, including pretzel bread and carmelized onion topping square of fluffy bread. I was quite satisfied with the overall service, but I feel like the people who work here are quietly snobby. When I asked for another basket of bread (because our food was taking quite a while), the waiter made us repeat our request twice, with an incredulous expression. What? Just because a majority of the people there were pretty girls in short dresses doesn't mean I have to eat the tiny amount they pretend is enough for them. Just give me more bread without your judgement, please!. . My mother got the organic chicken with veggies and yukon mashed potatoes. Let me say, I still crave those veggies. I think they were butter sauteed. Whatever it was, it was soo delicious. The chicken was yummy, as well. . . I got the lasagna, because I was craving something filling. Though many people would be outraged at me ordering something so simple, I feel like it was well worth it. There's nothing typical about this lasagna. At first glance, I was quite miffed that I had got one small looking square. However, halfway through, I realized that through it was small, whatever was in it made it really hearty. I was full about halfway through.  Yummy!. . Another great thing : They're open until 6 am !
I really enjoyed the food at wolfgang puck.  The waitress was very helpful and told me about her favorite dishes, also--everything had a great combination of flavors.  For my dish I was a bit adventurous and decided to try the liver.  It was very good, but I found it to be a bit too large.  I was stuffed after eating about half!  I think they should make their portions a little smaller to really emphasize the great flavorsof the dish.  My friends tried the flatbread pizza and the pasta with shrimp and olive oil.  They said that both were very good and flavorful as well.  I  was pretty impressed with the price point here for the high quality of food.  A great Vegas find!
With a gazillion places to choose from in a one mile radius, Wolfgang Puck's was really towards the end of my list. I'm a fan of Wolfie and all that but after eating at a couple of his spots, I foresaw the same old here at the MGM joint. I couldn't have been more wrong.. I've found service in Vegas to be all over the dial. Great service at Guy Savoy's and Rao's of course, but there are the hidden gems like Michael's and YellowTail. Wolfgang's definitely makes the HG list!. . WHEN YOU GO- The place is open till 6 am on weekends and has an excellent early morning drink menu (it's Vegas- get your drink on 24/7). You can reserve, but the walk up wait was 5 minutes on a Saturday night at 8pm.
We ate here before our Cirque show. We had a huge brunch so we just wanted a little something. We had a small wait...5-10 minutes. Promptly seated, the place was PACKED on a Saturday night at 8pm. . . Our server was very attentive, took our orders, brought our drinks. Pineapple mojito is AMAZING. . . The food took FOREVER...kitchen obviously couldn't handle a packed house. We ordered a buger, pizza and bowl of soup, took at least 30 minutes. . . Once it came it out, it redeemed itself. . . Not my first choice to eat in Vegas but when you're tired of walking and gambling, not a bad place to perch.
Food was good. Service was very good. Great bartenders. Lively ambience but very bright. Great for business dinners or informal get togethers.
I've been to this restaurant twice. The food is fantastic. I would recommend it. My only issue on our last visit (Oct 5, 2012) would be the service. Our server was not good. She took my food order, & before I could get the words out, she walked away before I could even put in my drink order. I waited for her to come back so I could tell her, but she did not come back until we were finished eating. I should have asked one of the many people who brought out our food & cleared our plates, but I thought she would eventually come back...& since it was her job, I'd wait. She came to to give us the check. That is all. It's a good thing the food was good because the waitress was truly bad at her job.
Why does Wolfgang have a restaurant in every hotel, I mean great chef but really?  . . Long overdue review from my Vegas trip last January.  . . It's an open restaurant so casino folks will be walking by you.  My gripe with that is the smoke, well you are in Vegas.  . . Calamari was good. Pizza was ok. Pineapple ginger mojito was good but needed more alcohol.  Service was good. Didn't bother us much despite staying there for a while.
Nice restaurant. Ordered the Truffle Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese dipping sauce. I wished the sauce was served on the side but good none the less..  We ordered two pizzas with the intention of sharing.(They are very big for one serving I thought). My wife had a Roasted Chicken, House BBQ Sauce, Corn, Pasilla Peppers, Red Onions, Cilantro and I had the Prosciutto, Kalamata Olives, Oven Dried Tomatoes, Basil Pesto, Goat Cheese. Both were good but I preferred mine. Before the appetizer was brought out, we were given some very tasty bread. Two pieces had Caramelized Onions on it...mmmmmm!. Due to the size of the pizzas, much was wasted and there was no room for dessert. The service was exceptional. Definitely worth the money
As MGM's option for a cafe, Wolfgang's teeters on a casual and upscale dining experience. The completely open restaurant has few obstructions on the inside or from the outside. Too bad the people that wander by do not make for good people watching. . . The food is delicious, but what made it better was the overall service. At points they were inattentive, but the complete experience was not bad. The fact that we shared everything and did not have to ask for anything to be split or an extra plate was amazing. They served our crab cakes, burger, and kabocha pumpkin agnolotti pasta as separate items for us. That simple gesture was impressive to me. . . The crab cake came in an order of four. The light mixture of tomatoes and basil enhanced the sweetness of the crab well. The burger was salty. It is not a knock your socks off type of ordeal. The pasta was my favorite. The kabocha resembles a butternut squash and takes on the flavor of the brown butter sage sauce. The toast hazelnuts adds a much needed textural variation. . . We ended our meal with the chocolate beignets. NOT A BEIGNET! It is more of a chocolate lava cake doughnut hole. They are good if you look at them like that, but as a beignet they failed.
Im not normally a Wolfgang Puck fan.  From the Canadian perspective, Wolfgang Puck is the epitome of failure in the restaurant industry.  His restaurant in the GTA failed, his line of soups can oven be found in the clearance bins at the grocery store, and his line of over-priced sandwiches in airports are a joke.. . So when a salesrep offered to take me to Wolfgang Pucks Bar & Grill I was a little trepidatious.. . Its a very open concept restaurant in the heart of the gaming floor near the Cirque du Soleil store.  We were looking for a casual dining experience and that's what we got.. . As an appetizer we started off with mac and cheese and a house salad shared across the table.  The Mac and cheese was awesome.  The cheese was creamy with a distinct flavour.  If my 6 year old were present even he would have loved it.. . For the entree I had the wood-fired chicken pizza.  I picked it because it had a number of veggies on the pizza as well.  It tasted good going down.  The portion size was quite filling.  I couldn't finish the last slice.. . This visit left me with my opinion of Wolfgang Puck increasing favourably.
Une decoration contemporaine tres reussie (a l'image du casino MGM Grand dans lequel ce restaurant se trouve) et une cuisine traditionnelle americaine revisitee de facon plaisante. Les burgers sont destructures, les salades originales et genereuses pour un resultats tres agreable. Le prix est tout a fait raisonnable pour ce type d'endroit un peu luxueux.
Dear Wolfgang, . . I will dream of the truffle chips with blue cheese until my next return where I plan on dropping my suitcase whenever I shall be staying and beeline for your restaurant some can have them. . . The mussels we unbelievable and I now feel challenged to try and master the fine art of cooking them so I can try to relive my dinner. . . I would give you five stars much you wine list kind of made me said in terms of variety and price. Did not stop me from enjoying two glasses of red wine. . . Save a seat for me.
I was highly surprised by how good Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill was.  So much so that we came here 3 times in our 5 day, 4 night stay.  Obviously it's a little on the pricier side because it's Wolfgang Puck but I thought the flavors were super good and consistent.  We definitely paid for quality and taste.  Actually, the portion sizes were generous as well.. . The first time here, my friend and I ordered the Pork Belly BLT and the Garlic-Chili Glazed Wings.  Holy hell.  Both were really good.  The BLT was delicious especially with the use of arugula instead of typical lettuce and the pork belly was very flavorful.  Even though it was good, I still felt like it was lacking something.  Maybe a stronger sauce or more pork belly?  Not sure.  But the pasta that came with it was lackluster, next time I would ask them to sub it out with fries or something.  We barely touched it, better to save our calories for more tequila ;). . As for the garlic-chili wings, they were really yummy and good-sized wings.  I liked the flavor on them.  So much so that we ordered them again after our night at Tabu Lounge.  One of my friends got a different salad each time she went and she really enjoyed them.  My favorite was the Caesar salad with no white anchovies.  The cheese that accompanied it was potent but in such a good way :P  We were able to split the salad three ways no problem :). . I can't say anything about the drinks since we didn't order any but the service was very good as they consistently refilled our water glasses.  I guess they know us drunkies are dehydrated :P  I would definitely come back to try some of their other fare on the menu.
Ate here for lunch after spending the morning at the pool.  Overall it was very good.  Enjoyed the crab cakes and one of the pizzas.
Came here with coworker.  Ordered calimari (big portion!), maryland crab cakes, and the angus burger.  We both ordered medium, but his was much more pink than mine, so we asked to be cooked more.  They brought out a whole new burger and fries.  Good service!  Food was fine.
My boyfriend and I went to dinnerhere last night and we weren't disappointed. We ordered the Tuna Tartare and Crab Cakes as appetizers. The tuna was very fresh and delicious. The portion was a good size for us to share. The crab cakes were good as well, but not the best I've had. I would still recommend them if you're a crab fan though!. . I ordered the beef short rib ravioli and really enjoyed it! It was served with a delicious sauce and was topped with some delicious vegetables. I love my veggies! I had a delicious passion fruit iced tea and my glass was never empty. Our servers were very attentive.. . My boyfriend ordered the Beef Short Rib entree and it was tender and flavorful. The portion was a very good size, so we were both quite full after our entrees. Despite this, we decided to give their desserts a try. We ordered the Pineapple Upside Down Cake, but it was way too sweet for my taste. The sorbet it was served with did help tone it down a bit, but it was still too sweet for me. This is a place I may have to visit again.
Had lunch here today. The food is amazing. We got the following: . . crab cakes- it was amazing! The sizes were small,but ok as an appetizer. The green sauce it was provided with was amazing.. . Cheese pizza- the ingredients were very fresh. Simple yet nice.. . Spaghetti - very simple dish, yet amazing taste.. . Salad with apples, aragula, spiced almond and dates - awesome! The best of what we got.. . The service was mediocre. They were very polite but we had to wait for giving our order, then wait again for our drinks and water and more for them to check on us.
Everything was on here. Consistently good food. Good service. And affordable price. The only issue is that you even though it is a non-smoking restaurant you are likely to still get a whiff of smoke from the casino since it is not an enclosed restaurant
This place is located in MGM hotel and is open much later than everything else.  It is also more reasonably priced.  I ordered cheese pizza and chicken soup.  Pizza was great, not oily and had bits of fresh oregano.  Chicken soup was definitely made from scratch.  I enjoyed that as well.  Service was good, although late at night they do get busy.  This is a great place to stop by and eat, especially if you are not looking to spend tons of money, but don't want fast food.  Decor is nice and resteraunt is clean:)
This restaurant wins all around.. . The staff share the responsibility of all tables, so you are never begging for attention...or more of your beverage.. . The food was yummy (we had a pizza, the crispy tuscan potatoesand a caesar salad)!. . The design/layout is great.  It felt like you were in a swanky loft in NYC...normal kitchen islands, cabinetry, etc.. . All of these for very reasonable prices.  Our total bill was less than $50, and that included 2 non-alcoholic (boooooring) drinks on top of the food mentioned.. . Great place to eat if you're on the strip and hungry for a sit-down dinner with quality food!
We picked this place while at the hotel to see Cirque. There were 4 of us and we all really enjoyed our meals. Someone at the table ordered the mussels and it was a great big serving... I ordered a special ravioli and loved it. It was a good meal.
Food was good and ambience was good and inside our hotel which came in handy.  The MGM Grand has good taste having this restraunt onsite.  The chicken and the pizza were good for the price.
Great food (the ravioli and carrot cake in particular), and great service.  I came with a group of 20 or so for a work dinner, and we were well looked after and had a lovely meal.. It's right in the middle of the casino, and quite open, which makes it feel more like a spot you'd pop into rather than a destination, but the food and service beg to differ.
I had the burger I must say it was very tasty the fries are thin and were perfect as well. The Cesar salad I had was just ok.. I will be eating here again my next visit to Vegas. I give the staff five stars quick & friendly.
So what's the first thing you do when you land in Vegas at 2:00 am? Gamble? Strip club? No! You go eat because Vegas has become a haven for foodies within the last ten years (and because you're a bit of a chunky monkey who thinks about food first). Anyway, fast forward to us driving around with both our phones tuned to the Yelp! app to find a good place to eat. Thankfully we skipped the likes of IHOP and Denny's near the airport to find a Wolfgang Puck's restaurant open 24/7 in the MGM. Yeah that's right, forget the little sandwich delis that used to be the only place a gambler could get a late-night bite in a casino, it's now all celebrity chefs and gourmet food.. . The restaurant is terraced slightly higher than the gambling floor, but has a completely open view so you can munch away and do some people watching at the same time. The menu had several good options, but we decided on the Truffle Potato Chips and Wood Oven Mushroom pizza. The truffle potato chips are crazy good; fresh fried potato chips that are still warm drizzled with a super rich blue cheese sauce and topped with with bits of truffle. How can you read that description and not start to salivate? The pizza was also solid.. . Bottom line, whether you're commiserating after having just lost a fortune or are a gourmand on a late-night munchie quest, my buddy Wolfgang won't disappoint you.
Came here for a late dinner one night after we came back from touring the Grand Canyon. I really like the decoration of the venue, really reminded me of Malibu. There's a certain fusion feeling to the dishes they offered and a very cali-vibe. I had the mussles and my friend had the Chinese salad. We both really like our entrees. Portions were huge--but that's because the dishes are also pricey. I wished my mussles didn't come with the frieds--it was pretty heavy. Otherwise, the taste was great. Great great service!
This is the best place to relax and have an amazing sandwich.
This is the place to go late night eats....and a nice place vs a hole in the wall. Try the truffle blue cheese chips....mmmm yummy. The crab cakes I thought were ok..... Now the pizza is surprisingly good....get any of the choices.
We love Wolfgang pucks. The food is so tasty, I had the Chinese Chicken salad it has a hint of wasabi which made it delicious. My son is a hamburger critic and he stated it was the best burger he ever had and believe me hes had many. We also enjoyed the desserts the creme brule and Chocolate molton cake.
Elevating a simple (and slightly old school) dish to something special definitely wins brownie points in my books, and that's what this place does well.. . I had the Chinois salad with candied cashews, shredded chicken, cabbage, ginger and soy dressing (and normally wontons, but not for me), and while I was hoping (and expecting) it to be decent, it much surpassed my expectations. The presentation was stunning and the flavours all worked together beautifully. In addition, one of my fellow diners shared her truffled potato chips which was one of the most decadent and addictive things I've ever tried. Unreal. Finally, we shared the chocolate souffle for dessert, which was light and airy but also more than satisfied my sweet tooth. Everyone else was very happy with their dishes, especially the pizzas.. . The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was sophisticated without being stuffy or pretentious. You are in the middle of the MGM casino but somehow the dividers and the atmosphere of the restaurant itself doesn't make you feel like you're among rows of slot machines and blackjack tables. For the quality of the food and the service, the price point is very reasonable. Definitely worth checking out on a future visit.
For Vegas food/price/taste ratio, this place gets 4 stars. Came for dinner, crowded but they had a table. The staff was SO NICE. Everyone greeted us, smiled, etc. My friend and I ordered the Thai Chicken Salad for $16. It was HUGE and very good. Great chicken, nice flavor, good shredded greens. Very goodsalad. My other friend ordered the burger which was also HUGE and very very good. Good quality beef, bun, cheese, etc. The prices were so reasonable especially in comparison to most other places in Vegas, and the food was pretty damn good.
Great location if you are waiting for a show (Ka to be exact)....  We had about an hour to spare and sat at the bar...ordered a couple martinis and decided to get a few apps.. . - The Ahi Tuna and the to 'DIE FOR' Blue Cheese truffle chops.... (I had read about them both on Yelp!)   Wolfgang is a genius for dreaming up those chips... I wished i want sharing them.  I gave it a 4.... but the chips get a 5!
I was torn... I'm thinking 3.5 stars, but decided to go for the 4. . This place was not bad by any means, but because I just haven't tried much to really know if it gets that 4, and why I was torn.. . We needed a quick bite before hitting the road, and we stopped here. I got a turkey club sandwich. It was really good, but I'm not sure there is much you can do to make that really stick out and showcase a restaurant. But in the end, I can still remember parts of that sandwich that caught my attention. Bread was toasted so that it was the right combination of crispy and soft (not scratching up your mouth), and it was thick enough to get a mouthful without making it impossible to eat. Good balanceof meats to non-meat ingredients.. . Might have to go back and try other stuff, but for a quick bite before hitting the road, totally reasonable stop.
OK, so I tagged along with my wife on a business trip to Vegas and she scored me an invite to a company dinner. Wahoo!. . As you may expect, this place was pricey and delish. Can't complain about anything having to do with the restaurant. Staff as very friendly and helpful, food was delish and the ambience was perfect for a fun night, even for a business dinner.. . They had some cool and unusual drinks... this won't be much help, but I got an unique mojito that was very good. It's on the menu, or at least was. Boy, am I drinking now too? Sheesh. Sorry to be of little help here. I'm trying to catch up on my Yelping and this isn't quite as fresh in my memory as it was before the four Sailor Jerry and Coke Zeros I've consumed. Just joshing. I'm still on my first one, but it's not helping my memory!. . In a nutshell, this place good. Go.
Good pizza good salads ..great place for lunch..
We stopped here for dinner before heading to the David Copperfield show. We showed up at 5:30pm on a weekday and were seated right away. Our server answered all of our questions about the menu and had great suggestions for food and drink pairings.. . We had the organic chicken and the crispy chicken milanese. Both dishes were very delicious! The chicken in both dishes was cooked perfectly, it was moist and full of flavor. The crispy chicken was just as described, crispy and delicious. It was served with a grain mustard sauce which was a perfect complement to the chicken and salad it came with.. . The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, but the service was slow. We gave ourselves plenty of time in order to make our show and we still cut it a little close. Our dishes were still delivered hot and we never had to ask for refills, so overall I can't complain too much. We still made our show in time and had a wonderful dinner. I will definitely be back to this location again.
Solid and consistent restaurant with good food and good service. (At least at the bar) I dined here twice during my recent visit to Vegas. Best bets on the menu in my opinion are; The Chinois Salad, the Pizzas, the burger, and the Tuna Tartare. Also this restaurant has a reasonably priced house wine under the Wolfgang Puck label. $8 a glass is pretty good for Vegas. Really enjoyed my meals here. Looking forward to coming back on my next Vegas trip.
ordered the prime steak, which i was disappointed with because it was actually cooked unevenly, one part of the steak was more medium well, other half was medium (ordered medium.) if just not for that, i'd say it was pretty damn tasty. fries were pretty delicious. husband ordered spicy pizza which was HOT. like super spicey. the crabcakes were out of this world. great customer service. raspberry lemon drop was strong and very tasty.  the waiter suggested we order the chocolate beignet for dessert but at the end of it i was way too full. it was open till like 530am, which - if you're staying in the MGM or in the casino late night- is pretty awesome.
We ate here for dinner this past Monday night while I was in Vegas for a conference.  This is a cool, contemporary restaurant located inside MGM Grand.  I've eaten here several time before, but this is my first official review of this place.  Every other time I've been here, I've really enjoyed it, and this time was no exception.  We had a free appetizer for their blue cheese truffle potato chips.  YUM!  I would highly recommend these if you eat here.  They give you bread as well, so I was a little full when our meals came.  I ordered the gnocchi pasta with a sausage/marinara sauce.  It was outstanding.  My wife even admitted that she liked it better than her dish.  She ordered a ravioli dish that she wasn't particularly fond of, as she thought the pasta was a bit underdone.  Not inedible, just not exactly what she was hoping for.   They had some great looking desserts available (Red Velvet Cake), but we were so full that we couldn't partake.  Our server was very good throughout the meal, and the other helpers were quick to help with refills.  This place was 5 star for me, but fell short of that for my wife, so we'll go with 4 stars.  We were able to get out of here for about $70, including the tip, which isn't bad when you consider the fact that it's a Wolgang Puck restaurant.  I'll definitely come back here if I'm in the area.
Great food! We got a prosuitto pizza and caesar salad. Very good! The waitress was rude and unapologetic when our 2 glasses of wine that we ordered when we ordered our food came out when our food was already gone, so that wasn't so great. The atmosphere was nice, even though it was placed with no walls in the middle of a casino.
This place is pretty solid..   I ordered some Truffle Potato Chips, Fried Calamari, Prosciutto Pizza and Gnocchi. Everything was spot on.  It took what seemed a while for the food to hit the table but once everything arrived it was almost perfect. My pizza was not as crisp as I normally like it but it was still good.  My waiter was super cool too.  If you stay at the MGM you receive a free $75 for food / drinks and this is the best place to throw it all down.
Service: very good when they are with you, but we were served by several people and had to wait for quite some time even to get the drinks (even in a peak hour it could have been faster, but this is due to a number of servers, not the actual servers).. . Food: my wife had a pasta dish, which was slightly fatter than it could have been, but otherwise very good. I had a steak, which was wonderful, but they served it with french fries. Really?! I paid $40 for it! Very inappropriate combination.. . Desert was simply divine: we had a cherry pie and I have never had such an excellent cherry pie.. . Noise: a bit noisy, some separators from the casino would help, but otherwise the atmosphere was very nice.
love everything! especially the tuna tartar. The "famous truffle chips" are not as good as people described it to be. So unless you can bear eating super dry and thin chips with little truffle on them be my guest. Otherwise, they have so many other great entrees and appetizers. Me and my friend ordered 4 appetizers because we found it more appealing and we still can't finish it. Therefore, be aware of how much you can actually eat and maybe consider sharing.
We were very hungry when we got to Vegas and wanted to have a descent meal so we decided to go to MGM since we were staying at Hooters across the street. I have always wanted to try Wolfgang puck and thought this is my chance. I have to say I made the right choice. The decor, the ambiance , the food and the service was so great. We got calamari to share which was good, not the absolute best but still very good. I loved the crab cakes. They were so delicious. And the service was really wonderful. Our server was very attentive. I would definitely go there again. Its a perfect place for lunch or even just a drink with appetizers.
Short and sweet:  you'll never have a better plate of spaghetti and meatballs. Ever. House made pasta fresh each day. Rich marinara with a hit of red chili flake, and meatballs that have beef, pork, and veal I think. Amazing.
Yummy and affordable (for being inside a hotel)!. . Located conveniently in the MGM so you can hop in and out in between hands of blackjack or whatever your poison is.. . Highlight of our meal was the asian chicken salad... lots of greens, lots of crispiness, and lots of flavor.. . Ordered the Mushroom Pizza as well... eh... not the greatest.  Was quite dry and unspectacular.... . Also had the burger which was quite delicious... thick and juicy patty but for $17 you just can't justify paying that much for it... (until you remember you're in a casino).. . Overall, this is a nice option.  Nothing too fancy here though...  there are a lot of better (and more expensive) options in Vegas if you're looking to excite your taste buds!
Late night high quality food. Been here several times and they dogma good job.
Great service! Open Table said there were no reservations left on a Saturday night, but we called and they gave us one. Truffle fries were highly recommended and delicious, although the blue cheese almost competes with the truffle oil flavor. We ordered the capellini with shrimp  and the mussels. Both were very good although the mussels dish was huge. It probably had 40-50 mussels in it. Everything was pretty reasonably priced for what you got as well. I will definitely come back here if I'm at the MGM again.
I didn't know that they open till 6 am even on a Sunday night! Didn't know where to eat after our Zumanity show at New York New York, we walked to MGM to find places to eat, I was glad a decent restaurant like Wolfgang Puck still served full menu! . . Started with spicy tuna tartare, the chips were so thin and crispy, fresh tuna with avocado on top, light with enough flavors. . . Steamed black mussels, with French fries: the mussels were so tender, great with the creamy cheese sauce, the sausages in it looked so yummy, but I couldn't taste it. . . Hubby had clam linguini, same as I ordered last time: very delicious, the texture of the linguini was perfect, the smoked crispy pork belly bites were so flavorful. . . I had a Bloody Mary first, it was a weak drink, I ordered a Corona too. Our food was very good, not too heavy for late night, but still satisfying. The service was good like always. Tab was $94, it's always around $95 for us when we eat here. . . Love this casual restaurant and bar open all night long!
I never thought twice about eating here until friends came to town and someone in the group suggested dining here. Since I'm in a money-saving mode right now dining at this mid-level spot sounded like a good idea for eating on the Strip. The atmosphere is lacking as the restaurant is completely open to the MGM Grand casino making it impossible to ignore the ringing and buzzing from slot machines or the buzzed clientele of the hotel, clubs, and dayclubs. Fortunately, the food made up for all of that.. . Corn chowder soup ($12) - lots of corn kernels and bits of bacon in a velvety smooth soup. Great flavor.. . Butter lettuce Caesar salad ($13) - portions are big so you may want to share. Like a true Caesar they put anchovies on it.. . Spicy tuna tartare ($21) - not bad. A little on the sweet side with its use of soy sauce for its Asian influence. The flavors were ok and I liked the sesame crackers.. . Lasagna ($21) - who knew you could find good lasagna in a restaurant owned by an Austrian that serves a fusion of multiple cuisines? It was a perfect combination of savoriness with the sausage bolognese and sweetness from the cheese and bechamel.. . Cheese and basil pesto ravioli ($21) - I didn't try it but the person who ordered it had to send it back because it wasn't cooked all the way.. . Ricotta gnocchi ($23) - dense but still tasty.. . Steamed black mussels ($25) - another dish that was huge. Good enough for two to share. Plenty of plump, juicy mussels in a savory sauce.. . Chicken fingers ($6.95) - always a crowd pleaser for kids. The portion size was large enough for 3 kids to share but we only have one. There were plenty of leftovers for the next two nights.. . The food here is simple, as they cater to price conscious tourists who aren't adventurous eaters, but it's executed well. The menu is all over the place with Asian, Italian, and American dishes so chances are you and everyone in your party will find something to eat. It's not a destination restaurant, but certainly a good option for those staying nearby or those looking for a reasonably priced meal on the Strip.. . 3.5 Stars
Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill (MGM). Las Vegas Strip, NV. 10pm Tuesday 6th August 2013. Four Stars. . . I was very impressed by the food and service.  We were given water and bread upon sitting down.  There were three types of bread (Olive, Rustic, and Cheese).  The 2012 Elk Cove Pino Grigio from Willamette Valley had a definite crispness and acidity with a touch of sweetness.  The chopped Salad  had Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons, Tomatoes, Black Olives, Pickled Okra, and Creamy Greek Dressing.  It was light and refreshing and was not overpowered by the olives. The Spaghettini was simple but well executed.  The house-made al dente noodles acted a perfect vehicle for the plum tomato, basil, and garlic marinara sauce.  The Grilled Shrimp Capellini with Jumbo Shrimp was similarly delicious.  The Shrimps were a little over but the pasta and spicy sauce hit the spot.
Came here after coming back to our hotel from XS.  I like that they're open really late.. . Yay:. -Truffle potato chips: Since I got this to go the sauce and cheese were separate which was a good thing because I didn't use the blue cheese that much.  It would've been overwhelming.  The chips were nice and crispy and the truffle sauce was a good compliment.. -Pizza: both the italian sausage and spicy sopressata were really good. Thin crust and wasn't soggy from all the toppings.
Located in the MGM casino, this place can be compared to a more chic version of California pizza kitchen. However, as a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, the food was just okay. Nothing was too special. We had the soup of the day (black bean) the prosciutto tomatoes and Kalamata olive pizza, and fries. . Service was good. When the bread came to the table it was ice cold so we asked them to toast it up, which they did. Small things like that make a difference. The fact that we got refrigerator cold bread ruins the name of the restaurant. . Bottom like.. This place was just okay.
Great service. As with any of Wolfgang's places great pizza. Had the spicy tuna tartare and it was very flavorful, The beignet dessert is really good.. . Our server was very attentive and friendly. He also had great recommendations and knowledge of the menu.. . A big fan of WP restaurants; this one is up to par as the rest.
I went here with the family for dinner.  The first thin you might notice is that you're somewhat exposed to the public so it can get pretty loud - not a first date place if you want something more intimate and if talking/listening to your date is on your agenda.  . . We got truffled potato chips, mussels, salmon, bass, beignets and banoffee.. . Truffled Potato Chips:. Homemade potato chips with blue cheese sauce drizzled with truffle oil, Served hot and crispy. I'm not a fan of blue cheese but I liked this because of the truffle oil. 5/5. . Steamed Black Mussels:. Comes with grilled sourdough, chorizo, white wine, garlic and smoked paprika Bernaise. Very interesting twist to a boring bivalve. 4/5. . Barbecued Pacific Salmon:. Served with caramelized white corn, peas, baby heirloom tomatoes,arugula and crispy onion rings on top. I don't like peas so I was busy sorting my peas from my corn.  The crispy onions saved the dish. 3/5. . Bass: . Comes with baby artichokes, white beans in tomato-olive vinaigrette and Romesco sauce. This was more interesting than the salmon. 4/5. . Chocolate Beignets:. Dusted with powdered sugar and omes with a caramel dipping sauce and vanilla ice cream. They look like chocolate cake doughnut holes but they're less dense. 3/5. . Banoffee:. It has the consistency of a cheesecake. Not too sweet. I was very intrigued by this as I've always wanted to try banoffee pie. This is my first taste of it and I was not impressed. I'm hoping this is not the best version of said pie because if this is it then, forget it! 3/5
The second time here in one night and the roasted chicken is so crisp but juicy at the same time.  I'm here after Hakassan having a pizza and its perfectly cooked.. I love this place and they even have breakfast .
Even if this restaurant is located in a mall, it has a good feel to it and is perfect if you gave kids. . The only bad part was that it was freezing and they could not control the AC since it us part of the mall control . The food was above my expectation!!
The roasted chicken lunch portion was amazing.  Sometimes, things just get cooked right.  The only thing keeping this from five stars was the fact that it was $24.  I know it's a Puck restaurant and all, but $24 is steep.
Great food ate here three times. Why stone arrogant bastard in a tulip glass?
The food here is awesome!  They have an expansive menu and offer a great atmosphere.  Didn't wait too long to receive the food and the prices were within reason.  Although Wolfgang Puck has other restaurants in the area, this is a go-to when in Vegas.
I stayed at the MGM Grand I can't comment on the food here as we had reservations at several other Restaurants during our stay including Joel Rubuchon, Bobby Flays MESA GRILL and Jillian Serrano. However if you want to have a good dirty martini this is a good place to have one at the bar. However the service was a bit slow at the time I was there
My husband and I dined here once for lunch; we had a reservation but they were not busy during lunch time. We were immediately seated as we arrived; the hostess and our server were very friendly and professional - great service!. . I had their rib eye steak and husband had their spaghetti with two glass of wine; the steak was perfectly cooked and it was very tender and flavorful, husband said the spaghetti was average and it can be better. The wines were in reasonable price point, were smooth and rich in flavor. . . We finished with an order of creme brule and it was prefect to end the meal.
First, I want to note that this restaurant in MGM is not called Wolfgang Puck Express. . . The real name is Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill!. Someone made a mistake when starting this review thread.... . So on to the food. I had a braised short rib dish served with some sort of pasta filled with cheese. There were also cooked mushrooms and spinach that came with the dish. It was very tasty. One of my friends had the skirt steak with fries, which also had great flavor.. . The service was top notch and very attentive. Our water glasses were constantly being filled up. This is especially important in Vegas where the weather is very dry.. . The dinner prices were very reasonable for a "name brand" restaurant. Most dishes were in the $18 - $30 range.. . I had to take away one star because our table bread arrived cold. They gotta serve it warm to get five stars.
Perfect quick place to eat before a Cirque Ka show (the entrance is located jut a few yards away). We had only an hour before the show so we were able to nab seats at the bar despite the long wait for tables. We started off with a mussels and spicy Harissa appetizer that was served with French fries! It wasn't on the menu so we were happy that it we saw it ordered on the other side of the bar. It was amazing. Next we shared the Margarita pizza- a Wolfgang Classic that you can't go wrong with.... 4 cheeses, tomato and basil- yummers!
Great little place right in the heart of the MGM casino! We decided to eat dinner here before playing a little and the location is super convenient. The service was very friendly- there was a short wait but the very friendly hostess provided the option of texting your cellphone when a table is ready which lets you wander around the casino floor while you wait. . . Food was really good. There isn't a huge selection but what they do have they do well. They brought a basket of warm bread to start which was delicious. We started off with the Calamari which was tasty and cooked just right. We then shared a the prosciutto topped pizza which was amazingly delicious and more than enough for the both of us to share.. . My only word of caution is that you best avoid this place if you're sensitive to cigarette smoke. This restaurant is literally in the middle of the casino with no walls separating it from the action and so you do have players lighting up all around. But then again if you're sensitive to cigarette smoke then you shouldn't be anywhere near a Vegas casino in the first place. . . I'd have to respectfully disagree with those the have criticized the pricing- for Wolfgang Puck in a Vegas Casino this was very reasonable priced. The pizza was the most expensive one on the menu priced at around $18 and the Calamari around $14- that's a bargain for a nice restaurant located in a Vegas Casino. But perhaps its because I'm from New York and used to being overcharged for everything.
OK, we tried a couple of $14 beers, bleu cheese truffled chips, the calamari, the salmon dinner, the braised short rib tortellini, the creme brulee, and chocolate filled chocolate beignets.  The bleu cheese chips are very heavy on the bleu cheese, so if you like bleu cheese, these are great ... if you are a marginal fan of bleu cheese, then the chips are still pretty good.  The calamari was good and the sauce was good, but I like mine a litter crispier.  The salmon was very tasty with potatoes and asparagus, but I would have liked more sauce.  The tortellini was also tasty but a bit al dente for our taste.  The desserts were awesome.  We dropped nearly $170 plus tip for that meal, so be prepared.  I would suggest trying Mesa Grill in Caesar's Palace for I think better food and about the same spendiness, if you only want to splurge once.
