I have eaten at Mon Ami Gabbi for many years but had never stayed at the Paris.  This time the rates were really good so we decided to give it a go.  We were very happy that we did.  I really thought it was a good deal for the money and a a good level of service and luxury.  The location is perfect.  We could see the Bellagio fountains from our room and the Tour Eiffel au meme temps.  Toujours le Paris joue la musique en francais partout au casino.  C'etait fantastique de ecouter Natif, Edith Piaff, des Nubians, Eartha Kitt, et plusieurs autres en faisant une promenade dans les rues artificielle dedans le casino.. I highly recommend the Village Cafe.  It is one of the best buffets for the money in all of Las Vegas.  You must arrive early for breakfast though if you don't want to wait to get in (especially when there are several conventions going on). [ Look into the Harrah's all you can eat for 24 hours buffet thing for 39.00.  I am going to do it next time.  You get to visit like 9 buffets in 24 hours for un petit prix... quel bon marche!. I also recommend joining the Total Rewards program.  I got some free money to gamble with that I turned into a fabulous shirt for joining and if you attain Platinum status you get to wait in premier lines so you can be late to the buffet et cetera.  . I didn't go to Napoleon's this time but I do recommend it. It is a fun little piano bar.  A good place to mellow out with a stiff drink late at night.  The Paris has a lot going for it.  I will be back again if the rates are good.
I love this casino! Why? Because it's newer and classier than Bally's casino. Because it's conveniently attached to Bally's. Because the dealers are so awesome (Michelle and Rex at the roulette tables are the best!). And mainly because I won enough money at Paris to pay for my entire trip! Plus, Paris is gorgeous inside and out!
Before the word "Staycation" was chic and cool, we would take weekends off and stay here.  We enjoy Paris for the following reasons:. . - It's location in the center of the Strip.  You can easily access many of the other Strip properties from here.. . - The view of the Bellagio Fountains.  As I described in another review, we love the Fountains @ the Bellagio.  You can request a room with a Strip/Fountain view and if you're lucky enough to get it, you'll be treated to a wonderful scene.. http://www.yelp.com/biz/fountains-of-bellagio-las-vegas#hrid:5mSBxtxJXkCKC2b1hRys8A. . - Monorail station.  The monorail station stops at Bally's, which is next door to Paris and easily accessed.  I'm a fan of the Monorail, so it's always a bonus to be near a station.. . - Decent food selection.  One of our favorite restaurants in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  While we don't eat here often, we make it a point to do so if we have a weekend getaway here @ Paris.  The Buffet is ok and the Italian joint is pretty good too.  A little something for everyone.. . Overall, we always have a pleasant experience here.. . Will I return?  You can count on it.
The outside decor is beautiful with the Eiffel Tower, fountains, huge Paris balloon, and the Mon Ami restaurant right on the sidewalk.  Once you enter the Hotel you are immediately drawn to the fresh bakery smell of bread/croissants and desserts.  There are cobble stone walkways throughout the hotel but that's where it ends. . . The casino has a strange vibe to it and different layout.  I'm not a fan of the inside of this Hotel as it seems they spent a lot of money on the outside but just crammed slot machines everywhere.  . . I flew in with my wife on our anniversary to see Tony Bennett in concert (awesome) and had a corner suite on the highest floor.  The room was way above average with a dinning table, separate bed room with a LCD that rises out of the foot of the bed, nice bathroom, and decent size sitting area.  The view was spectacular and I must commend the room service food was extremely good.  Definitely a solid 4 star resort, not the biggest, but definitely top 10.   The food here is way beyond expectations as we tried all the restaurants including the steak house and were more than satisfied.
First off the service. I can tell you that I didn't personally receive bad service, but there is definitely a "rushed" feel by some staff to try to serve as many customers as possible. . . But I one of the staff was absolutely fantastic. The first night I checked in I was woken up by a Korean family at 1am in the morning. It was really frustrating, so I went down stairs to complain (nicely) and requested a room change. . . The cool thing, she upgraded me to a penthouse suite...all to myself! I was so mindblown. Went into the room on 33rd floor. There was a dining room table, 1.5 bathrooms. A living room to watch TV, a fridge, and a view of the strip where I could see Cosmpolitan, MGM and Planet Hollywood. . Washroom was 1.5 times larger than the one i booked on the fifth floor.. And the best part, the bedroom was on it's own and I had such wonderful sleep. . . Went back down and tipped her $20 dollars for the best upgrade ever after I saw the room.. . Everything was great, and Paris made my first trip there absolutely one of the best highlights of my life.. . Inside decor: The decor outside is mind blowing and looks wonderful at night. It's such a great exhibit and to see the Arc De Triomphe just adds that little bit  more zing. . . The inside is charming and makes the first time walking through interesting. It's almost like walking through a village with cobblestones.  And the interior feels as if the sun is about set. . . Buffet: word to the wise...the buffet line up is long. I didn't eat there, but there was never a time I woke up nor retired to my room that there wasn't a line up. Even there 24 Hour cafe has a line up after the buffet closes.
Paris is a great choice when staying on The Strip!. . It's in the center, so there are tons of choices for fun. Next door are the Miracle Mile Shops & Planet Hollywood, across the street is the new Cosmopolitan, Aria, & the rest of City Center, attached is Bally's & the tram station, and cab rides anywhere else on The Strip (necessary in stilettos!) are short & inexpensive.. . The rooms are not overly lavish like some of the newer super hotels, but not bad either. The beds are comfortable (although they're stingy with the amount of pillows!) and the bathrooms are fine.. . The pool is cool in the summer, especially with the magnificent view of the Eiffel Tower replica right there!. . There's also a good amount of choices when you need some food to soak up the booze and/or cure a hangover. There's the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant I've been wanting to try but haven't had time, the Paris Buffet which has crepes and ridiculously awesome pretzel bread, Le Burger Brasserie which is a good casual choice, Le Creperie, etc. You can see I've stayed here once or twice. ;). . My favorite part about Paris, however, is THE BEST BLOODY MARY, made by the cutest and nicest bartender in Vegas, Natalia. Generally speaking, I don't even like that kind of drink! But she makes them from scratch, and are ridiculously delicious. She even caters to different spiciness preferences, depending on individual tastes. We experienced her talent on our last visit to Vegas, and this time beelined it right to her bar (the "Central Bar" by the Blackjack tables) as soon as we had a chance. She typically works the earlier shift (we asked!), so it's perfect for when you topple out of bed and need a "hair of the dog that bit you". Be sure to try one next time you're there - you'll be so happy you did!
I'm gonna be honest, the only reason why I'd give this place 4/5 stars is because I won $45 with $3 at the penny slots and the cocktail waitress introduced me to an awesome drink which will probably be my new starting drink-L.A. Water...mmmmm!. . Oh and this place was GORGEOUS inside! Even though I didn't get to explore much of it, but still-Paris Las Vegas left an AWESOME impression on me and I'll come back whenever I get the chance!
The building and Eiffel tower was amazing. I loved how the casino was under the tower and with french influence surrounding everybody. The gift ships were too pricy compared to the other hotels.
I stayed here this past week from Tuesday-Thursday. Paris has quite a few of restaurants and little shops inside. It is in the middle of the strip, right next to the Miracle Mile Shops, across the street for the Mirage, the perfect location. . . The rooms were pretty average to me. Nothing too special, nice big counters in the bathroom, decent beds, nice bathrooms. We never heard any noise in the hallways or from any other rooms which was very nice!!!. . The casino isn't too big, between 4 of us we gambled maybe about $5 the whole time we were there. Room Service is SLOW! We wanted to order a bowl of Frosted Flakes and a bagel with cream cheese and they said it was going to be 45 minutes to an hour!!!!!!!! So we opted out. The next morning we made time for room service and it was quite tasty and just as expensive as most room service's. . . We booked our room through Expedia.com and got a pretty good price. I would stay here again if I got the chance.
While it may not be as new and exciting as The Cosmopolitan, The Paris Las Vegas Hotel is a staple on the Strip and always serves up a good deal.. . Obviously, the location is PRIME. It's in the dead-middle of the Strip, so whether you're walking to catch Mystere up at Treasure Island or Ka at MGM, you won't be walking forever and ever, nor will you need to hop on a sketchy bus or take the Monorail. Plus, if you get a room that faces the Bellagio, you can watch the famous lights show right from the comfort of your staying room. All bonuses in my book.. . I've stayed here two times and both times the staff was equally-friendly and helpful and the rooms were also clean, nice, quiet and spacious. The bathrooms are all recently renovated, which is certainly appreciated.. . There's a huge casino and more than a handful of on-site dining options, ranging from grab-and-go to nice, sit-down meals. Additionally, there  are several shops and a gigantic outdoor pool at which you can occupy your time.. . Tip: there is free Internet access in the cafe that's off the elevator bank on the main floor.
PROs:. . * Cozy, comfortable, and clean room. The bed was comfortable and I didn't want to wake up in the morning because it was so comfy.. . * The shower is separate from the bathtub, so it makes the bathroom bigger than regular hotel's bathrooms.. . * Awesome location right in the middle of the strip. It connected to Bally's and if you were lucky, you might even will get the room with Bellagio's dancing fountain view.. . * Cute gift shops and I just love the feel of the common areas of this hotel. It's very European (dooh it's Paris).. . * Friendly staff from bellboys to housekeepers. . . Cons:. . * I wish there are more of the general areas (more shops and entertainment).. . * No night club, so if you are looking for night time entertainment, you will need to venture to other hotels.
I have kind of a funny story about this place.. . My mom, step dad and I were going out here for my uncles birthday. I was only staying for 2 day while my parents, 7 days, so my mom didnt want to have to pay for me. So she requested a dble bed room when she made her reservations. When we got there they checked in and we went to the room. I walked in and was like, uh?? There is only one bed. So we marched back downstairs and my mom told the woman that there was only one bed. The woman said, 'Oh I thought that was your husband" (referring to my step dad), my mom just gave her a look. The lady was like, oh well, we dont have any dble bed room available but I can send up a roll a way bed and change your room tomorrow. She said that was fine. So I got to sleep on a roll away bed. So the woman must have thought my parents were fighting and wouldnt share a bed or that my mom likes to vacation with her brother? I dont know, it was kinda amusing. . . So anyways, I got a lovely pull away bed... The room was kinda small so with that set up there wasnt much room, but it didnt matter cause the view was great! We faced the Bellagio and the Eiffel Tower. The room was awesomely decorated, very classy. My cousin and her fam got a dlbe bed room and we went to see it and it was on the opposite side of the hotel with a view of the parking garage so we were quite happy with our room after that. . . I do not recommend the Paris's buffet. It was by far the least impressive buffet I had in Vegas. I think I left hungry because it was just gross. WE went over to Plant hollywood and spent less money on the breakfast buffet.
Nice Hotel. Clean, modern, updated rooms with enclosed showers (separate from the bathtub). Friendly and prompt service from all the staff. Great Value with rooms for less than $100 much of the time. . Nice restaurants with anything from $10 sandwhiches/pizzas up to $200/person fine dining with an amazing view (Eiffel Tower Restaurant). Mon Ami Gabi is one of the best restauarants in Vegas, with a patio right on the strip. The piano bar is cool and there are tons of stores, especially when you venture down the hallway to Bally's. Planet Hollywood Mall is next door. We never found any reason to venture more than a mile away from our hotel during our entire stay!. TIP: Spring for the extra $50/night for the "Rendevous Lounge." Daily breakfast bar and nightly dinner/hors d' ouvre bar with two "Build it yourself" cocktails included per day (mine were usually "triples" and no one ever counted how many we had). Good food and drink available here for a great deal.
Review is for everything BUT the rooms.... . Paris was on our initial list of places we wanted to stay and we both regret that we didnt. Just walking by you're instantly struck by the replica Eiffel Tower and when you walk in the faux cloudy sky ceiling gives the casino a much more wide open feel as opposed to the standard you're-trapped-in-here-and-give-us-your-fucking-money feel that most Vegas casinos have. . . Granted we didnt actually eat at any of the restaurants, but I did make note of the menu and charging "un bras et une jambe" for just about everything is sort of a turn off. That said we liked Paris and we'll be back.
My husband and I stayed here over Chinese New Years weekend for a more husband oriented baby moon trip.  Overall, we thought the hotel had an unbeatable location, good value for the room size and quality and some of the better in hotel conveniences on the strip.  The only things we didn't like were the noise level and the high minimum bets at the casino tables but we find that to be the case at almost all the on-strip casinos.  . . Room: We were upgraded free of charge to a Red room corner suite.  Red rooms are the ones featured in the photos in the lobby area with the plush red leather headboards.  Our room happened to be a corner suite with windows in two directions, including one that allowed us to see the Bellagio fountain show from the comfort of our in-room seating area.  The large marble bathroom also had a nice jacuzzi tub which we took full advantage of.  I did notice that somehow the air in the room was extremely dry and my skin was always itchy from cracking.  Not sure whether to blame the air or the bathroom products for that one but if you stay here, be sure to bring your thickest lotions and chapsticks.  I sure wish I had.  . . Food:  Paris is one of the hotels that offers the buffet of buffets.  We optioned for a package that included this buffet pass for only 12 dollars extra, a huge steal if you think about it.   I found that the buffet pass helped me to eat healthier because I had access to unlimited fresh fruits and veggies at every meal.  Whenever I'm in Vegas, I find myself more drawn to fresh produce than to the meat and seafood they have so much in abundance.  Maybe its the dessert climate.  . . Casino: Does it scare anyone else to put down 15 dollar minimum bets?  I'm more used to like 5 or 10.  However, the rulesand odds for blackjack at least seem more favorable than at lower limit tables and seemed to make up for the high minimum.  My husband did ok here.. . Noise: That Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar and the live music stage in the middle of the casino has got to go.  It is tacky and loud and extremely annoying to come back to after a long walk on the strip.
I am so happy my friends chose this hotel. The hotel is positioned in the middle of the Strip so it was very easy to go in either direction to find fun. We ate at three of the restaurants and the bakery, all of which were awesome and worth trying. We lounged by the pool (in the freezing cold). It's a nice place to sit (and sort of doze off). . . The rooms were nice enough with a nice armoire that we shoved all our clothes in... we used the ironing board as a beside table while eating our crepes. The washroom was big with separate shower and soaker tub... . . The hotel was always busy, even at 4:00am. (When are those dang Sex and the City machines free?). We had coffee at some place just outside the elevator and the barista was so nice--- he made me an Americano even though it wasn't on their menu. We bought one of those souvenir Paris balloon ceramic drinks... They are not refillable. We thought they were, but they ain't. . . I wish we spent more time exploring the hotel because there was so much more to see.
Oh how I miss the glory days of the "theme" casinos. For me, the theme ones will always be the most fun. And Paris is one of the best of the theme places.. . This is definitely one of the properties where you absolutely must take a stroll around inside. And going to the top of the Eiffel Tower is a nice view. There's some good crepe and French bakery-type places. The buffet is ok. There is lots of great viewing of the Bellagio Fountains. Etc., etc.. . The rooms are pretty great. They show their age a bit, but they are of good size and have a nice decor. For the price, the rooms here are a great value.. . In the end, though, it will always be the theme, and their total embrace of it, that draws me here.
Hotel was very nice! Very clean, spacious, and had nice decor! They upgraded our room when we got there knowing we were celebrating that weekend. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever! (that and given we were tired from a LONG weekend). . . overall, we had a pleasant stay; would definitely recommend!
.., great rooms, awesome set up, good times. . . I've never stayed here on my own, my friends & I would always split the nightly charge. But from what I remember it wasn't too bad. This past visit, we came here strictly to eat, drink, & wander around aimlessly.. . Paris' Le Village Buffet was a tasty choice to eat at. The line was ok, but we were happy we grabbed the 24hr. backstage buffet pass from here. Definately a nice place to stay at, check em out!
The set up truly makes me feel like I'm in a town in Paris and I just love those Paris cups full of margarita!  There's also a bakery shop inside the casino that has amazing tasty crepes and nice stores to go shopping if you feel like splurging or win big and and wanna go on a shopping spree. Staying here can be a bit pricey but you definitely get what you pay for.  One of my favorite hotels for sure.  . . One day I wanna get a room here but until then I'll enjoy the amazing atmosphere this hotel brings!
Beautiful, opulent.  Would have given it 5 stars but the shopping selection is pretty minimal.
love this place.. will always return here... this place has all the games that i play.. service is good and people are nice.. good job paris!. the rooms can stand to be a little more upscale.. also, a guard at the elevators would keep some rift rafts out.
I was at this place for a conference.  And let me just say, I really enjoyed my experience.  The hotel provided us with a continental breakfast from one of the French bakeries located there.  Excellent!  The whole atmosphere of the place was a lot of fun. Everything is pretty ornate, from the chandeliers, to the crown molding, and the walls in the meeting rooms.. . I enjoyed the fake sky, a little cheesy, but a lot of fun non-the-less.  To be honest, I was most impressed with the restroom.... I think it's bigger than my house!  And clean - which you don't find everywhere.  I wasn't afraid to touch anything. . . There were a lot of interesting shops and places to eat.. . You have to try the bakery!  They have excellent tomato soup.. . Overall, a great experience.
BUFFET. (and SECRET TIP) . If you are a fan of buffets I highly suggest the buffet at Paris hotel. It's a little pricey, but the food quality is great. It has a Euro/ French theme. Here are a few items I liked: .  1. Crepe bar. (made to your liking).  2. Champagne served .  3. Tons of shrimp and crab.  4. Ham, prime rib, roast lamb.  5. Good cheese selection.  6. excellent desserts. . SECRET TIP: If you dont want to wait in the sometimes long line, pay the extra 10 bucks at the VIP line and get served immediately. It'll keep your stomach and wife happy.
I usually stay next door at Planet Hollywood. This was the first time for me to stay at Paris next door. It was great. I would rate Planet Hollywood equal to that of Paris. The location is great across from City Center. I especially enjoyed my lunch at Mon Ami Gabi over looking the Las Vegas strip across from the Belagio water fountain display on a sunny day.
My room was red. Deep bloody red. It was red red red. . . I have never been to Paris but if rooms in Paris are red, I better bring a can of paint with me when I visit. . . I got a beautiful view of the mountain (I think it's a mountain) which can be soothing and romantic at night. My biggest complaint are the add ons. You have to pay $ 25 to use the gym. That is $ 25 everyday. They didn't have a week pass like other hotels. And because it was July, running outside wasn't an option. It was like running in a microwave oven - literally. . . The restaurants inside are nice however. No complaint to that. There is a bar right in the middle of the casino where you can be stone throw away from the next millionaire. Be nice to the gamblers, they might throw a hundred thousand chip to you if you're lucky (hasn't happened). . . The concierge is friendly. Buffet is awesome for its price (strip level). . . The pool is adequate size and at the foot of the fake tower. There's always something nice about replicas... it makes you feel like you're in Bangkok shopping for fake brand shoes. . . My overall stay is ok. Considering the location where you are right in the middle of the strip - I will go back here again.
I spent this past weekend at Paris for my best friend's Bachelorette Party. When I found out that she picked Vegas for her destination, I immediately put on my thinking cap and searched for the BEST hotel (considering our budget and the location I wanted) and I am certainly glad that I picked this hotel! . It's not that I wanted a superswanky hotel or anything, I knew that where ever we went we would have fun but from my experience, the closer to the city center, the better! I knew that I wanted to bring the girls to the Cosmopolitian, because to me, it was the ideal location for a great dinner (STK, read my review for STK Vegas) and to enjoy the beautiful ambience. But the fact was that we weren't made of money so we had to bargain for a hotel nearby. Paris was sooo ideal because of it's supercute interiors, it looks and feels (minus the casinos) like you are walking along cobblestone streets looking into small storefront shops and cafes. They def. have lots of entertainment, too. Club Chateau, which I didn't go to, but my friends who pulled an all nighter did, and they enjoyed it. They also have a stage to the side of the casino that performs live music and there's dancing. Napoleon's is a restaurant (?) or a cigar lounge that offers entertainment. I loved walking around this hotel day and night, it is such a wonderful escape from the hustle and bustle of the strip!. For food I usually got a crepe from La Crepere. SUPER YUMMY. For a source of nutrition after my alcohol frenzy, I ordered the Forestiere, which had a lovely combination of mushrooms, spinach, and an array of delicious cheeses topped with Beschemal sauce. For a light and sweet snack I ordered the Favorite, which is a crepe filled with strawberries, raspberries and blueberries. There was always a line and it was always worth the wait! The Sugar Factory is the only 24 hour restaurant in the hotel and I loved it. Good selection of food ranging from breakfast, lunch and dinner and dessert (the bakery/gelato/ice cream/candy store is adjacent to the restaurant!). Our rooms were nice, one room had a great view of the pool and Eiffel tower. At night, we even saw the Bellagio fountain show from our window!. The only complaint I have is at the pool, a ton of the lounge chairs were kind of broken. When you adjust the chair, some of the chairs had either all of the settings that hold the back of the chair completely broken off or only one setting that only let you sit one way. . If you come with a lot of luggage it is a ways from the parking garage to check in back to the rooms. I personally would load everything at the bell desk at the front of the desk and have a friend park. . All in all, I highly recommend this hotel as it is fun, has a great location, has delicous food, and entertainment!
We went to Las Vegas the first week in June 2011 for a convention.  It was held at Paris, so for convenience we stayed there.  They offered a discounted rate of $139, and we upgraded to a suite for another $70. I thought the suite was large and really nice. The bathroom was amazing.  We had a whirlpool tub, separate shower, his and her sinks, and yes...even a bidet.  . . The service here was great.  Everyone went above and beyond.  When we first got to our room, the safe was locked shut.  They sent up two security guards, asked for our ID...professional and honest.  The concierge got us great tickets to Jersey Boys.  We had lost two items on our last day...a rather expensive ring of my husband's, and rather expensive sunglasses of mine.  Lost and Found, both at the Convention (ballroom), and for the hotel was extremely helpful.  They made an announcement in the convention...the ring was returned to us within a couple hours.  I left the hotel without my sunglasses, but gave her my cell number.  I had a call at the airport with the great news, and they sent my sunglasses to my home.  . . We didn't get to experience much of the food here, as we like to go out and about.  I had breakfast outside at Mon Ami Gabi.  Great view and people watching, and the spinach and asparagus quiche was delish.  La Cave has wine and liquor for purchase.  Cafe Belle Madeline has some amazing desserts.  I had the Tiramisu which comes in a chocolate cup.  The Sugar Factory is a cute shop/restaurant with anything from T-shirts to celebrity lollipops to ice cream.  They also serve food.  . . We don't gamble much, so I don't have much to comment on there.  I think maybe $50 in a slot machine.  Borrring.  . . Loved the stay here.  The location is perfect for us...across from the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan... and near Caesars Forum shops.
A lovely hotel with true Parisien flavor and flare.  While I haven't yet stayed here, I've had the pleasure of walking around the hotel, eating the food, and soaking up the ambience.  Ooh-la-la.
This review is for the restaurants, casino and shopping. We spent a few hour's one day inside Paris. I thought it was so nice inside, the architecture of the Eiffel tower was amazing. Once inside it feels like you are on a street in Paris. . . The guest registration area is beautiful with gorgeous crystal chandeliers sparkling. The cobblestone streets lined with cafes, bakery's, and shopping. I bought a few thing's while here. They even had two wine and cheese shops with to die for baguette's. Now, the desserts, wow they were plentiful and delicious. . . The Eiffel tower restaurant is very nice, we did not eat here but you are able to go up the elevator and check it out. When you get out of the elevator you literally are standing directly in front of the kitchen. It was very cool. The restaurant has great views of the city, romantic, nice bar and the food prices were not bad at all. I wanted to dine here as it was so pretty but the menu is limited and I did not see anything I cared for. . . Great place to check out, as we enjoyed our afternoon lunch, shopping and playing a bit. Loved the soft blue sky, made you feel like you were outside in this beautiful city.
I really enjoyed my stay in Paris. Its clientele was young and fun and not a lot of kids. . . Right when you drive up, you're greeted by the Arc de Triumphe and the Eiffel Tower. After you enter, you see the casino floor and check in is to the right. The check in lobby is amazing! Large oil paintings, big chandeliers, brightly lit and marble floors. It certainly gives off the style of French royal opulence. The casino floor is pretty small but enough to satisfy all your gambling needs. BlackJack tables go from $10-$25 minimums. I love the interior decor. The painted blue ceiling tricks you to thinking it's outdoors during the day. The decor and style are all based on the French culture. They have a Cafe right beside the elevators that has the most amazing smoked salmon sandwich and great coffee! Their other restaurants aren't bad. But the buffet line is always super long. I think it's pretty cheap, $15/meal.. . Their pool is huge. Poolside happy hour includes half price drinks! Like $5 frozen mojitos and other delicious cocktails. Look up and see the vast span of the hotel building and look behind you to see the Eiffel Tower towering over you. . . The only complaint I have are the rooms. Their TV is obsolete with a lot of boring political Chinese channels and the bedding and mattress isn't up to par. Other than that, everything is great. For $89/night, I'd totally visit Paris again!
My Mom and I try to go to Las Vegas together every year / year and a half.  We always stay at the Paris.  The location is perfect...in the heart of the best part of the strip and just one hotel down to the tram station.  . . We have breakfast in the French Bakery every morning and just love the french roasted coffee and house baked pastries.  The decor in the casino is absolutely charming.  The rooms are nice, and I'm in the hotel business, so I'm a complete snob when it comes to a room.  The bathrooms are particularly outstanding, with marble tile and a separate tub and shower.  The mattresses are just downright uncomfortable, however.  My only real criticism.  Oh, and there's no coffee maker in the room.  I guess they want you coming down to the casino for your coffee!  . . The buffet is very high quality as well....for us, it's the place to stay when on our Vegas girls trip.
Paris is beautiful inside.  The ceilings just take your breathe away.  It always feels like daytime with all the clouds.  The ambiance of Paris is...what can say...European.  It is Paris after all.  . . Anyway, the hotel is an older hotel compared to some others on the strip.  The rooms are nice and clean.  Nothing super fancy but definitely a step up from places like California, Main Street, IP and Harrah's.  It is smaller than most casino's though, but that doesn't bother me at all.. . The best thing I like about this hotel is if you get a room with a view...it's Gorgeous!!!  Our last room, we could see the Bellagio fountains.  It was Awesome!  You also get a good view of the Eiffel Tower, which is beautiful at night.  You can also see the nice big pool.  The crowd there is an older crowd so you don't have all the young, drunk 21 year olds going crazy all over the place.. . The parking structure is shared with Bally's and the walk is pretty far compared to others.  The shops there are kind of pricey but its fun to just walk around and window shop.. . The dealers there are pretty friendly, but we noticed that it takes a while for a cocktail waitress to come around.. . Out of all the Total Rewards casino's, for some reason I feel the safest at Paris.  I would gladly recommend staying at this hotel.
I have never actually stayed at the Paris but i had to review it because it is absoloutelygorgeous inside! the entire time you are walking through you feel lik you are outside in a quaint french village and there are so many delicous little eateries to partake in. PLUS it's not ridiculously confusing to navigate.
Location is ideal - right in the middle of the strip, across the street from the famous Bellagio fountains (which I could spend hours watching!).  Love the ambiance with the Eiffel Tower, the sky-ceilings, the feel of a Parisian street.  . . The price is pretty reasonable.  Lots of food and drink options.  Connected by indoor walkway to Bally's. . . I love, LOVE the way the rooms are decorated - beds are very soft and comfy!  The bathroom was a little bit of a letdown.  The bathroom is advertised as "separate bath and shower" - which is accurate.  Possibly based on other hotels I've stayed at, i was frankly expecting more than a standard bathtub like I have at home, with a shower (non-adjustable head) next to it.. . Next time I'm in Vegas and i get to choose where I stay (instead of business trips where I'm told where to stay), this will be one of the first ones I check.
It was almost like the real thing!  I drove up to the Gare du Nord.  My room looked like the one in which I stayed at the Hotel St. Germaine on the Rue de Rhenne.  And there's even a Tour Eiffel.  Why go to France?  The Europeans are here anyway, it's like a piece of home away from home.. . Cute little reception area with friendly staff.  Decent rooms with the remains of the days when there used to mini bars and other amenities that would eventually become the fodder of what "stays in Vegas".. . I like the centralized location of Paris.  The rates aren't offensive and my room didn't smell entirely like an ashtray.. . My only con, the main walking area is not stiletto friendly, a sin among many in Sin City.
This is one of our favorite stops in Las Vegas. Great food, shops and sightseeing. I recommend at least a passing visit.
This update is based on their Red Room.. . The only reason to go to Vegas in the middle of the summer is the cheap hotel rates. When the husband and I planned our trip, we got the Red Room for $110/night. While we didn't really mind the room we had before, we wanted an upgrade. BTW, we're those rare people that go to Vegas and actually spend time in the room. Anyway.. . We were offered an upgrade to a Strip view room, but we declined. The clerk also explained to us how their deposit/debit card policy worked, which we appreciated. She sidestepped the deposit and just charged us for the room and tax. We had no plans to put anything else on the bill, which is why she did that. . . Onto the room. It's very red indeed. We had a nice mountain view where we watched the planes descend into McCarran. The king-sized bed was super comfy. The flat screen TV even had a few HD channels on it. The bathroom was about the same as the other room, just redder and with a slippery floor. We had to be mindful of that.. . The employees were still friendly and the casino is still nice.
Paris is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.. . It's very pretty. I love the shops and the food places in the hotel. The food at Paris is very good. Le Village Buffet is the best buffet in town--rivaling that of Wynn's (and Wynn's has a REALLY AWESOME buffet). . The Casino floor isn't all bad. I'd say it's average in size compared to the other hotel/casinos on the strip. The cocktail service is pretty quick too. (Just remember to tip per drink).. . The lobby, I think, is the prettiest on the strip. Very classic French. Gorgeous chandeliers.. . The hotel is connected to Bally's so you can walk around between two hotels rather easily.
This hotel is really nice, but not very party oriented, but not old people oriented. More relaxing and aesthetically pleasing to the eye I guess. Gambling here is fun too. Lots of tables and variety. They have a little village with food and bars that you can walk around. Not a bad location on the strip either. You're not at the far end of the strip, say like MGM or Excalibur, but you're closer to the middle of all the action. . The buffet here is delicious. What I love that it's not your typically boring buffet food, but french inspired. A must try in Vegas.
Paris... I hate you... Why you might ask? You messed with my emotions. You had me thinking I would win at the tables. And before I knew it I was walking away from the tables with only $3. =\. . Lol. But seriously., I had a good time at the Hotel. The rooms were pretty nice. Has a huge flat screen TV on the wall. The beds were comfortable. The AC was cold.  The fridge worked its purpose. Had a nice view from my room. The store on the casino level is open 24 hours (i think. had to make a store run at 4AM and found myself here). And all the nice casino's are conveniently close by. And the hotel parking structure has plenty of parking.. . Good looking out Paris hotel. I will be back again for sure.  But when I return, please give me back the money I lost. THANKS! lol
Ooh La La! Have stayed at this casino hotel at least once every year on business, and I do like the central location that the Paris offers on the strip. It is in a great location close to many of the big strip casinos, and within walking distance from them.. . I like how the Paris gives off a fun and cozy feeling. It is one of the high end casinos, but a step below the Bellagio and Wynn type casinos. Rooms are nice and offer a Parisian decor. A little worn now, but not too bad. Can usually get a nice strip view if requested, or booked early enough. Nice restaurants to eat at - Cafe Ile St Louis, Le Provencal, and of course, Mon Abi Gabi which is one of my favorite places to eat. Good buffet too if that is more to your speed and waist line!. . I also like how Bally's casino is connected to the Paris through a French village kind of set up. Cobblestone streets lined by shopping, bars, and restaurants. Great gaming area with plenty of tables, slots, and high roller room. Just a fun atmosphere all around.. . Yup, there is also the faux Eiffel Tower that lords over the strip, and is beautifully lit up at night. As the base extends down through the casino floor into a bar area it makes for a kitschy way to enjoy some cocktails and play video poker. Also, Le Central bar located right at the opening of the lobby, casino, and walkway to Bally's is a great spot to get your drink on, watch a game, or just people watch.. . Only drawback is the fitness facility. Even for hotel guests there is a $25 per day fee. The gym equipment itself is ok with cardio, benches, machines, and free weights, but nothing to write home about. This fee should be waived if you are a hotel guest, or at least lowered to length of stay for one price. . . Still, this is one of my favorite casinos to stay at. Fun theme, good restaurants, and a prime location on the strip. Eat outside at Mon Ami Gabi at night to get a great view of the Bellagio water show!
I am in love with this hotel. The first thing I noticed was the intricate architecture and decor. Whoever designed this hotel did a great job in recreating a Parisian atmosphere. I loved the color scheme in my room so much that I am adopting it for my new apartment when I move later this year! I stayed for two nights last week while attending WWD Magic. The staff were very helpful and accommodating. I got room service for lunch and dessert the first night I was there and was pretty impressed with the quality of the food. And, I loved, loved, LOVED the Sugar Factory. Even if you don't stay in the hotel, you must make a stop there while you're walking down the strip. The casino area isn't as big as some of the other hotels I've visited (e.g.: MGM Grand, Bellagio, Caesar's...but I don't think anybody's is as big as they are!). Chateau is a pretty nice nightclub, I really liked the outdoor area (the beer garden). If it wasn't so hot when I was there, I would've hung out there a lot longer! The thing I appreciated the most was the price. Considering that it's across the street from The Cosmopolitan and The Bellagio,you'd think it would be expensive. That's totally not the case! I was able to stay in the red room suite, and it was just barely over $100 per night after taxes and such. Thanks for a great time Paris, I'll definitely be back! You make a nice substitute for the real thing! ;-)
I asked my boyfriend if he'd take me to Paris and this is where we ended up staying on our Las Vegas vacation. It just goes to show you that when you ask the Universe for something, you have to be very specific! . . Like most things in Vegas, the Paris hotel is an imitation on a grand scale of the City of Love. The rooms are decent in size, have a huge flat screen TV, comfy couch, and a tub/shower bathroom. We took an afternoon dip in the pool and later found out that I missed the jacuzzi as it was hidden! Darn! The casino is not huge but I must say that everyone we encountered that worked there was very nice. The best thing about the Paris hotel though is the location. It's right across from the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Miracle Mile shops and the Cosmospolitan. If the shops and restaurants at the Paris don't catch your fancy, you'll be able to journey to other lands (aka hotels) very easily.. . We had a great time during our stay and although this was not the Paris I had intended on, I must say that I was very happy with the end result. . . Yelp 365 Challenge: #30/365 (The Manifestation of Paris)
The Paris hotel is a nice yet average hotel form what is expected in Vegas. The room was clean and spacious. The hair and lotion products are below average. The TV was definitely a nice big flat LCD so i can't complain when watching ESPN on it. Luckily they charge charge a resort fee anymore here but I am annoyed that they charge you $25 to use their fitness center. They say it's because it doesn't belong to them and it's inside the day spa. All in all I'd stay here again if the price was right. Also helps that it's easy to get french pastries here.
yes. yes. yes. or oui. oui. oui.  had a lot of fun here. it was very french indeed, and i ate it all up (in some ways literally). i would definitely go back and would recommend it to others. great location on the strip, nice casino, really nice rooms, great amenities. just overall a really great hotel experience.
This Hotel gives you a little piece of Paris, France without traveling 4000 miles and spending a ton of money.. . . With an indoor street with all sorts of gourmet pastry stops and tasty restaurants, little boutiques, and a blue sky ceiling which makes you feel like your actually in Paris, There's no wonder people love coming here! . . They even got a life size replica of the Eiffel Tower right outside! it also doubles as a really nice restaurant with fabulous views of the Bellagio Fountiains.  . . what a great place to visit! I even won 140 smakers here! Go ROULETTE!!
So it's not the REAL Paris, whatchugonnado? They sure as heck do a great job at making it feel as close to the real thing as possible. . . Despite the immense crowds and insane drink prices, this place is where it's at! It's such a wild thing to get off the dirty streets of The Strip and walk into this casino... it's such a breath of fresh air (despite all the cigarette smoke everywhere). The crowd here is a little nicer, a little cleaner and it's just a beautiful place to look at. . . All of the dealers we gambled with were so awesome and friendly and helpful and I'd love to stay here again on a return trip.
I love this hotel/casino! . . First of all, the decor is so cute, atmosphere-ic, and has a wonderful ambience.. . I love the cobble-stoned "streets," fake homes, apartments, buildings, shops, streetlamps, street signs, and street performers. It's all so charming and beautiful. The ceiling is painted like a beautiful sky, and it is lovely. The fake apartments have windows over the shops that have red geraniums in the window boxes, just like in Paris. . . The rooms are a bit plain, though, and not indicative of the Parisian theme of the hotel and casino. I don't know if I'd pay such expensive prices and want such plain-o rooms. . . The casino also now has a weird smell that smells of stale cigarettes and restrooms that permeates the casino. Ugh. I hope they can get rid of that soon. I know they  just had a bunch of traveling shows and tournaments go through here, but they need to rectify the smelly situation immediately.. . They have a great buffet and many great restaurants at this hotel (I like Le Cafe, Sugar Factory, and Le Provencal (I ate there 5 years ago, though, so I can't say what it's like now). I used to love Le Notre bakery, but now it's Cafe Madeleine? I haven't tried the new place yet.. . It's so much fun just to take a walk down and around the hotel. . . They have the Eiffel Tower, Jr., that is to scale at exactly 1/2 the size of the actual Eiffel Tower. There's a fake Arc de Triomphe and the hotel kind of looks like it has the same architectural design/look as the Louvre, but I'm not sure. Either way, it's gorgeous.. . There's a big circular pool (not very exciting for the kiddies) that is right under the Eiffel Tower, and it's adorable. The Paris hotel and casino is right across from the Bellagio, so it's easy to go back and forth if you cross the walkway from Bally's (next door to Paris) to Bellagio. . . Love it here.
My family goes to Vegas A LOT. I mean A LOT. So I've been to most of the hotels there. Paris has been the best by leaps and bounds. We stayed in the Red Room, which is their second 'fancy' room. The interior was beautiful, and the beds were really comfy . The maids did a fantastic job of cleaning the room, and were super friendly, unlike most other places. We had a minor problem with our toilett, so we called the front desk, and they had some one up at our room within 10 minutes. It's also a plus that they don't charge any resort fees, not many hotels there do that.. . They had some awesome places to eat inside the hotel as well, with many different price ranges. The atmosphere of the hotel was amazing, they really went all out on making it feel like you were in Paris, it was truly fantastic. The front desk staff were very friendly and efficient as well. We will be coming back here again for certain.
Good hotel. Good space. Good beds. Good pool. Not so good gambling for me here (bad luck, I suppose).. . Still, I would recommend it. To those looking for a hotel, here's what is important. . . Inexpensive (well, relatively). Clean. Friendly housing staff. Quick service (we called for extra blankets and they rushed it up here for us). Excellent taxi service. (with 6 of us, they recommended that we take a limo instead of a taxi - we were going off-strip and this saved us a bunch of money!). . The ambience is cute, in an attempt to share what Paris feels like. The Eiffel Tower and the Arc are beautiful.. . If you really wanted the best view of this entire casino, just walk across the street to the Bellagio and look at it. It is without a doubt, one of the nicer looking casinos on the strip.
A Frech in PAris, in Vegas...this is America for you. I like the top floor where I stayed, great rooms and views. Hotel was just nice. I am not sure about the faux sky and the faux everything but that makes it extra kitsch. Watching the tourists take pictures like they were in PAris crack me up every single time. The hotel also had my favorite food hangout at the strip level so that makes it even better. Not the best hotel but a great deal for a French in Vegas
I was impressed with this hotel start to finish.. . The lady checking us in at the front desk was very friendly and helpful.  She alerted us to the convention coming in on our checkout day and suggested measures to avoid long waits. She gave us a corner room (which I learned can be identified with a P following the room number) and I'm pretty sure those corner rooms are significantly bigger than (or at least have more windows) than standard rooms.. . The casino isn't bad, and if you're looking for more variety, it's short walk to the connected Bally's hotel and casino.. . Le Village Buffet, part of Paris, is a nice buffet option, and offers the good deal of unlimited food/visits for 24 hours for about 45 bucks. The Mon Ami Gabi, at the front of Paris, is a great place for a nicer meal. . . Everything seemed clean and tidy in the room. I hardly even took advantage of all the amenities this hotel has to offer, but I look forward to a return visit.
Upgraded to the red room premier and was glad I did.  The room was super cute, very clean and the bathroom was huge.  The view was the best feature - looked right over the Bellagio fountains and the pool.  However...don't go to this hotel if you want a nice pool.  The pool is very boring by Las Vegas standards.  And it closes really early - 6PM.  Other than that, a very nice, reasonably priced hotel on the strip.
Ooh la la! My stay here was short, but oh-so-nice. . . The front desk was informative and friendly, and even gave us a fancy corner room, which was a little larger than the normal room, came with two sets of windows, separate shower and jacuzzi tub, and a big, comfy bed. And I love all the red decor. I can't say I took advantage of any of those things other than flopping into bed that night, but the friendliness of staff, cleanliness of the room, and decent price definitely work in favor of me booking here again.. . The table games at the casino seemed to average at $15 minimums, with some rare $10 tables thrown in during the day. They had most of the "hot new" slot machines. (I say "most" because I could not find the Lobstermania2 penny slot in Paris OR Bally's.) . . Mon Ami Gabi is also located in Paris, and that restaurant is fabulous, and probably my only "must visit" in Vegas.
Arrived in Vegas for the girls trip 2 days ahead of the ladies... gave me a little "me" time to have fun solo which is always a nice change of pace... decided to stay at the Paris Hotel solo since I got a great deal on the room!. . Arrived aroudn 12:30AM and of course there was no one else in line to check in... so checking in was fast with no complications. I knew my way around the hotel since I've been to Vegas before so that was a plus to navigate around the hotel.. . GREAT VIEW of the Bellagio fountains!. . Went up to my room on the 24th floor? I think lol... it was average and cute. Queen beds since I checked in late and all the king beds were taken. All the usual amenities: nightstand with clock, desk with chair and writing materials, TV, mini bar, tub, stand up shower, toilet, double sink, coffee machine, hair dryer etc... Nothing fancy but not lacking any simple essentials. The elevators to the hotel rooms and the parking garage are fairly close (for being in a Vegas hotel!) together so that was nice. Parking was alwaysavailable. The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly, and I'd recommend this place for others to stay at.. .  I've been up to the Eiffel Tower on my last visit with my boyfriend. Breathtaking view of Vegas! . . The only negative I'd say... the walls are a little thin. By the time I got settled, gambled a little, and went to bed (tired after the flight etc)... a bunch of party goers came back to their room somewhere near me but it was SO loud... the walls should be thicker! That's the only thing I didn't like and that's enough to deter me from staying again BUT if you don't mind that then it's definitely a nice play to stay!. . Check out at 10:30AM on a Friday morning was fast and easy.
Location is great.. . Free upgrade to a room with a view was pretty sweet.. . View of Eiffel tower and Bellagio watershow is visually awesome.. . If you're a light sleeper, though, bring ear plugs.  The Bellagio watershow sounds like mini-explosions through the glass.  . . Who knew you need that much force to push a column of water high into the air??
I stayed here last year during a girls trip. I was a bit hesitant since the hotel got mixed reviews but I was pleastanly surprised. We arrived late thursday night and the check in was easy. We were able to get a free upgrade and were excited when we entered our room. The first thing we see is the view of the bellagio fountains, we were right smack in the middle, so every few minutes we'd get a free show. The room itself was tucked away from the other rooms which was nice when we'd stumble back on late nights.. . The beds were comfy, theroom was clean, and service was speedy. My friend locked her keys inside her suitcase and the front desk was able to get it taken care of immediately. My favorite part about staying here is the location. It's smack-dab in the middle of the strip, walking distance to Bellagio, Ceasars, and Forum Shops. It was also nice staying in a hotel where more families and older people stayed at. After a night of partying it was nice to come back to a quiet, clean, place to stay. . . I'd definitely recommend staying here again. Good price, great location.
They took part of France and plopped it in the middle of Vegas..including the very blue sky with wispy clouds that almost seemed to move as you made your way through streets of Paris. Lots of shops and typical mall prices.
I stayed here on a Vegas trip back in mid-August. I liked how the interior had a sort of faux-Paris sky thing going on with the ceiling, and the floors were made to look like they were cobblestone streets. The room we stayed in was more than adequate, even though it had an outdated TV set that looked like it was made in the late 90's. I'd heard the buffets here were really good, but I never got the chance to find out firsthand since the lines for them were super long on each occasion my friends and I tried to check them out. And as other reviewers have pointed out, the location of this hotel is great because it's in "le centre" of the strip. All in all, I wasn't blown away by this hotel, but I'd probably consider staying here again on a future Vegas trip. 3.5 stars, mes amis!. . I've never been to France. Hell, I've never been to Europe. But, I can say that I've been to Paris...the hotel, not the city.
Paris is a nice hotel.  The rooms are great and it's not too pricey. I liked how the fridge was empty so you could actually use it for your own drinks or food.
Great Location!!!!. . Free rooms?!?!?!?. . Bathroom is large and roomy with the tub separated from the shower. Yes!. . One of the cafe's sell a really good lox sandwich. They don't give out tapwater though :(
I like Paris. The first time I went I wasn't a big fan, but after my last trip they won me over. There was a contest for Rewards members - they were randomly choosing 4 winners every hour for a $1,000 prize. Free to enter. That was awesome, but I didn't win. It was a good marketing ploy from them though, I found myself wandering back every couple of hours to see if I had won! . . The casino/hotel is very clean and Parisian. The food options are wonderful. All in all it seems like a lovely place to stay. Perhaps I'll stay on my next visit to Vegas.
Stop number three along the mono rail path.  Early morning, noone is up yet and it's fun to walk around the property and explore what's here.  We are able to check out the restaurants and their menus, and what shows are available.  . . The casino floor is big, spread out, clean and that annoying smoke is limited.
Beautiful hotel rooms. Clean (after we moved from our first room that was not clean), great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower.. . The black out curtains were nice.. . Empty fridge (no minis it anything like last time I came here)... I didnt NEED minis, but it would have been fun maybe. :(. . Very pretty casino and shopping area, although I wish smoking inside wasn't allowed. My hair and clothes need deep cleaning to get the smell out.. . The wifi isnt free.
I actually had a great time here, nothing was amiss and were smack dab in the middle of The Strip so walking to our show and to dinner was a breeze.. . SERVICE: The registration is located near the front door where the Eiffel Tower is, it's decorated with large chandeliers along with white and gold framing.  When we walked over to check-in, the lines were easy to find and it was quick. There weren't a lot of people so it wasn't very time consuming, we were probably only at the front desk for about 5-10 minutes at most. The concierge and the management people were friendly and very cooperative with us. :). . HOTEL: The hotel is themed and of course based off of Paris with the cobbled stone walkways (FYI ladies, these floors are not for heels! Makes it all wobbly and hard to walk on) with quaint little houses and street cafes. Plenty in Rococo styled architecture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=dOjV0L-1GE-Y1KktRyvPfw. I think it's cute and I loved the idea of being transported to another destination with just a gesture of opening a door. BUT, a lot of smokers at the tables and tends to fill the air quite thickly, had to wash my hair almost everyday I was there. Their restrooms are fairly nice too as they have hot water as an option when you wash your hands! (A lot of places just have cold water, bleh in this season!) :D And plenty of late night bars and stores ifyou ever get the midnight munchies (La Pizza, Le Cafe, Creperie, and a 24 hour Snack Bar by the elevator). . ROOM: The room was average sized, but it was comfortable with a nice view http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=Qle1Mxpm_1YKoFF3Iw13Uw from the window, two queen sized beds http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=kMw3fPNRZm3MlMo5gRxodg, VERY soft pillows (I suggest you bring your own if you're a hard pillow kind of person), and an empty mini fridge. They have a large mirror and desk where you can do your make-up and such. But what I loved the most about the room was the bathroom http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=-82lkf6ngUYHV2cchbZJVA, it had both a bath tub and a stand up shower. Now, I can finally have a nice soak after a long day out. (I can finally see why girls love their soaking tub LOL). The walls were decorated with these somewhat tacky green leaf-like designs supposedly making it French styled. Only gripe is that WIFI isn't provided... :( ($9.99 for 2 hours). . If you go to Costco and get the Vegas.com coupon, it's cheaper to book rooms~ And at the end of the day, Paris is affordable, in the right location, and comfortable. So it's definitely worth checking it as an option the next time you're in Vegas, I know I will. :)
A twenty dollar sandwich got me a red room upgrade, a sick view of Bellagio Fountains, a roll away bed, and a DAMN good time in Sin City!. . Its quite simple actually.  Simply fold a twenty dollar bill in between your credit card and ID and ask if there are any available upgrades.  Obviously a little small talk is in order.  Use your charm and personality, but more importantly don't forget the magic words, "we'll take care of you!" to help seal the deal. . . All you really have to do is ask for what you want and let the sandwich do the rest.  Ask for ridiculous upgrades like a indoor gym, a penthouse suite, or mirrored ceilings.  Anything to make them laugh and break up the monotony of checking in boring tourist after boring tourist.  . . After some small talk, you'll see them banging away on their keyboard.  Continue to chat with them and let them know how excited you are about the weekend and that all you want to do is have a good time.  Heck, invite them up to have a drink and let them know that you think they're awesome. TRUST ME...It pays to be nice!. . Before you know it they'll show you a picture of the red room and let you know that its typically a $40 upgrade per night but for you its on the house.  If you're really nice and he or she likes you, then they'll probably ask if you need a roll away bed ($30 upgrade) and late check-out too. I took advantage of both, with a total savings for a 2 night stay reaching a whopping $110.  Can I get an Amen!. . The TDS (twenty dollar sandwich) will pretty much work at any hotel or club so use it wisely and you'll be livin large baby!
Once one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas, but for $40 a night (Cyber Monday special) you can't complain.. . My wife loved this place and I thought it was very good. Don't know what draws people to wait in line for that buffet, but maybe it is good.... . Pros: friendly service, nice atmosphere in the lobby/casino, Mon Ami Gabi (probably the best mid-priced steakhouse in Las Vegas), decent bathrooms, location on the strip quick elevators, pretty good dining options. . Cons: outdated decor in room, TV's & channels offered (I'm not a tourist. I don't want international channels to replace cable), $25 gym & $15 wi-fi fee per day (no resort fees, but that's just ridiculous) . . For the price I'd return again. It's not at the level of a Mandalay or Palazzo, but for for half the price it's doable. We got Bally's for $38/night in the summer and that place is a dump!
(+). - Cheaper rooms. - Very nice front desk people. - good location. . (-). - food options slightly limited. - not as many mirrors in hotel room. . First time staying here my past Vegas trip. I was expecting something like Treasure Island but their room was much better lit and didn't look old at all. We took an early flight in, got to check in early and even got the adjoining rooms we wanted woot! Quick tip, if you want adjoining rooms that actually connect by a door, then your rooms will have to be one King bed and the other with 2 queens. The lady at the front desk who helped us was wonderful and talked us through our options.. . We got our rooms for a really great price from hotels dot com, Paris isn't the cheapest option out there for hotels but it has great rates without sacrificing location and too much quality. It is within walking distance of cosmopolitan and a quick cab ride to Wynn.. . There aren't that many food options. A couple nicer places and a few "10 dollars for a sandwich/salad" places. No food court for those on a budget but you can always walk to nearby Planet Hollywood and get a cheap 6 dollar sandwich at the much hyped over Earl of Sandwich. . Oh and the outside is great for photo ops. . . Overall I wouldn't say I'd choose this over Venetian (although having two bathrooms vs 9 girls sharing one was nice) but my expectations were happily exceeded. Would stay here again!
Walking around the entrance of the casino area wasn't too pleasant of an experience. It's not as smokey as other casinos, but it's not that easy to navigate around either. My boyfriend and I were constantly asking for directions and didn't receive the friendliest faces from the staff.. . I honestly only came here because this is the closest I'll ever be to the real Eiffel Tower in Paris for a long time and was dying to get a view of Vegas from the top. We were lucky enough to have 2 for 1 coupon and only had to pay $11 for the two of us to get an elevator ride up the tower. Right before the elevator ride, we had our photo taken from two different angles. Both of the photos came out beautifully; we decided to buy one with the decorative border at the entrance (about $26). . . I can't emphasize enough how if you want the best view of Vegas, seeing it from the top of the Eiffel Tower is a MUST. I HIGHLY recommend going around sunset and watching the water show at the Bellagio while you're up there! It is truly a sightsee-er's dream watching the sunset, takingphotos of the Bellagio's water show, and admiring the gorgeous Vegas night from above. It's hard to believe that the real Eiffel Tower is actually twice the height of this one in Vegas--I can't imagine how a view can be any more gorgeous as is!
I enjoy the atmosphere of Paris and the gambling areas are so much fun.  "Dino" is the best bar tender at Paris! He stays at Gustav's most of the time.  Must go eat dinner on the Eiffel Tower.  The location is great on the strip.
One of the beat buffets on the strip. Le creperie is on point! A mid-night snack hit the spot!
Haven't stayed at the hotel, but went to the casino and their breakfast buffet.  I was told by a savvy Vegas traveler not to miss the Paris Breakfast buffet, because it was the best in town.  The line was over an hour wait, but I would do it again.  I am a breakfast person, and on vacation, I better have a mimosaoption.  Paris was excellent.. . I also liked their casino, dessert shop, and the general decor.   It is a beautiful hotel, inside and out.
When you get into this hotel, check in on Facebook. A coupon will pop up for a Buy one, get one free drink in any Paris hotel bar. Go to the rewards counter, show the screen and get the voucher. I did this two days in a row and went to the bar next to the sports book. The bartender said that if I used the video poker machines, he could keep giving me drinks as well. . . I haven't stayed here but will consider it for my next trip. The inside is lovely and the location is fantastic.
When it comes to Vegas it is all about location location location. Being located on the center of the strip is top priority when I visit because it is so much easier to get around without haveing to drive or take cabs. Paris is perfactly located and for that reason i highly recomend staying there when in Vegas. Paris also offers everything you could want from a upscale hotel. From the great dinning to a nice Casino. The staff here was also very friendly. I really appreciated them letting us in the room early at check in. The rooms here are about what you expect in Vegas. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very nice with a bath and shower. The buffet here was also amazing as was the pastry shop. Would stay here again!
I did a lot of research before booking a hotel room in Las Vegas, because there are so many to choose from.  . . The Paris fit just about all of my family's needs, which included a pool that is open year-round, decent restaurants, cool theme, comfortable room, and good location on The Strip.  I got a newly renovated "Red Room," which was perfect.  I requested one with a view of the Bellagio Fountains, and that was provided by the check-in clerk, no problem.  . . My husband and I typically despise and avoid buffets, but The Village is a must when in Vegas.  We even took advantage of the "All you can drink" beer/wine package that you can purchase with it.  I did my best, but my hubby said it was time to call it a night after 3 pints.. . I took my son on The Eiffel Tower Experience, which was pretty fun.  The view of Las Vegas at night from up there is amazing!  I signed up for daily texted coupons, so we got a 2-for-1 ride.  . . This would be a 5 star review, but the bell hops would not let us use any of their luggage carts to wheel in our full cooler from the car.  We had to carry that 50lb beast to the room by ourselves.  Also, the movie we ordered froze halfway through, but the hotel removed the charge from our bill.
Friendly and helpful staff.  Fast express elevators.  Good choices in restaurants.  Great location.  Casino large enough to make you feel like you're "in" Vegas, but not so large as to be intimidating. Good price. Room a little outdated, but very clean and comfortable.  Lost my jacket at the casino and was able to pick it up at security the next morning.  Could have used a better view, but I'm a smoker, so I'm getting used to being relgated to the "back of the bus". Looking forward to my next stay and to seeing "Jersey Boys".
Got a good rate($120/night) back in December so I stayed here with the wife for our anniversary this past weekend in Vegas. Very nice place. Cool theme, good restaurants, etc. As for the rooms, we had the basic one and it was nice. There was a couch, nice furniture, coffee maker, mini fridge, and a comfortable king sized bed. Our bathroom did not have a separate shower and tub, so I guess you need to upgrade for that. I have stayed here, Excalibur, and the Las Vegas Hotel(formerly the Las Vegas Hilton) in the last 6 months. Paris was better than the other 2 as far as restaurants, decor, theme, etc. As far as JUST the room and nothing else, I would say it is a step above Excalibur's upgraded room(the tower widescreen room I believe its called), but about the same as the LVH's upgraded room. I give this hotel the overall edge because of LOCATION. Paris is right in the middle of everything, and we walk everywhere, so that works out really well. I didn't see very many kids here in this hotel. On Saturday night we could hear the music thumping from the club, but it didn't keep us awake. We were on the 23rd floor and our room was on the back side of the hotel, so looking out of it we were facing north and had another tower between us and a view of the strip. I wouldn't make a tremendous effort to stay here again, but if a good rate presented itself, I would take it. I also like how they don't charge a resort fee. It was a great weekend, we enjoyed our stay, and I think you would too if you stayed here.
This is where my group of friends and I played most of the time in Vegas and we didn't even stay at the hotel. . The casino is very nice and well layed out. They have SINGLE Deck cards which is great and the best for black jack. The dealers are super nice and really try to help you win, they talk to you and really try to make sure you have a good time.. That's what I look for in a dealer, you don't want someone to just stand there, deal and not talk to you. I feel intimated when they give you the silent treatment.. . Wonderful place to play and the waitresses are sweet as well and always make sure you are filled up which doesn't happen in every casino. . . Go play black jack at Paris!
My husband and I, and a group of our friends, stayed here during our trip.  The room were nice enough.  It was clean and comfortable.  The outside of the hotel is so beautiful with the Eiffel Tower and the balloon. We loved the Eiffel Tower shaped souvenir drinks--$17 and so fun.  Also strong so don't underestimate them.  The Eiffel Tower restaurant was very good.  The Cafe Il Saint Louis was awful so stay away from there. Chateau and  the Sugar Factory are fun.  You can get free passes to Chateau if you are a group of ladies.  Also they open up the Eiffel Tower as a club on Saturdays.  We stopped by and it was very fun.  The pool was quiet, like very quiet, but it was early March so that could change.  The staff was friendly. All and all it was a nice place to be and very convenient on the strip.  I would stay again for sure. Just stay away from the cafe.
my fiancee and i stayed here recently.. we got the red room.. while there wasn't really a view.. the room was clean.. and the hotel is located on the strip and the price was cheap.. pretty much all you need for weekend in vegas.. . . btw.. they have single deck blackjack which is good if know how to bet
Charming, for the most part.  Excellent location, clean rooms, bad views, spot on decor, nice casino, buffet needs some serious organization and attention.  I much preferred New York, New York for every reason in the book.
the overall:. can be reasonably priced. Good location. Clean. A bit dated. Friendly staff.. . When in Vegas, there is a crop of hotels you can depend on for a reasonable expectation of quality.  Paris appears just slightly higher than some but surprise!  Inside appears more dated than expected.. . Older style TVs, the equipment and amenities are just shy of being obsolete but no issues are too offensive that they would take away from your stay.. . Location is good, central to the strip. Walking distance to most attractions and clubs and it's easy to find.. . Most other hotels at this level already have LCD tvs and things.  It feels like Paris is lagging behind, trying to stay off spending that extra budget on upgrades until the last possible moment.
My husband found us a great rate for the Paris Hotel and we were not disappointed.. The rooms were spacious and clean. The TVs were older, but that doesn't really matter since we weren't in the room that often.. . I really, really love the crepes they sell in their creperie within the casino - absolutely delicious! Every time we go to Vegas, it's a must stop for us.. . If you show your room card to the bouncers outside of the Chateau nightclub, they'll let you in for free. :). . It is centrally located, so we walked to a good amount of places and would sometimes just take a taxi back.. . We would definitely stay here again.
I loved Paris Hotel! . It offers a whole experience to visitors from the casino, cafes, restaurants, shops to the Eiffel Tower.  It is great!. Location is amazing, right in the middle of the strip which gave us lots of freedom to move wherever we wanted without needing a car/cab.. Staff was very friendly and helpful all over the place.. The Sugar Factory is downstairs, restaurant/sweets shop open 24 hrs, pretty handy for those times when we couldn't find places to eat late at night.. Rooms are dated but it seems to be part of the french experience, spacious, clean. We got a room with view to the Eiffel Tower and the pool which was kinda nice.. It is a busy hotel but there's lots of amenities for everybody, fast elevators, good size pool.. I would definitely go back to Paris!
It served the purpose, a mid priced hotel room in Vegas.  I like that there isn't a long walk from the front to the rooms, for a casino it's a short walk.  The rooms are clean and well appointed.  We had 8 people in our room drinking at one point and between chairs and beds we had enough room for everybody.  The soundproofing is terrible, I could hear every conversation in the hall.  Quick check in and check out, no major problems.  It's not fancy; they don't recycle, no robes, and no in room coffee or amenities.
We stayed one night in the Paris hotel. A lost stop on our way home to Ca. My daughter loves Paris and thought it would be nice and fun for her. She loved the decor of lobby, shops and obviously the tower. I wasn't a big fan of the rooms and halls leading you to them. Its outdated and although clean but needs a touch up may be a lil paint. Our was eh, the tv was missing a button and furniture again outdated. Get the Frenchy decor keep that but get new sheets and furniture. Bathrooms are nice in size. Beds were ok comfortable. Our view was the best but I did pay extra for it. The location was great.
This is a great mid strip hotel. The rooms are well appointed and a good value. The casino is standard for the strip. My friends and I enjoy Mon Ami Gabi every time we visit Vegas. We also use the gazebo bar as our meeting place whether we are staying at Paris or not.
I have gambled at Paris numerous times.  My group of friends stayed at Bally's regularly for several years, and when you're staying at Bally's to save money on rooms, you may as well walk next door to Paris to spend your time.  It's prettier and more professional.  The only tradeoff is that perhaps sometimes the table minimums are too high for your blood.  Also, the dining options are too conservative, and of course Paris doesn't really look like this, but all in all, it's a pleasant place to spend your time compared to many of the other area casinos.. . This recent trip was my first time staying in the Paris hotel.  A friend negotiated a group rate for another friend's bachelor party.  The quality of the room is an expected upgrade over Bally's.  . . The beds are very, very comfortable, and the curtains very effectively light-blocking, both of which are quite important when sleep is at such a premium on your average weekend in Vegas.  Other details include:. . + Large mini-fridge. + Two phones (seems unnecessary). + A refrigerator-style light inside each of the chiffarobes. . - Poor towels. - Poor water pressure. - Separate shower stall and bathtub (puzzling). - Old-school tube TV. - No exhaust fan in the bathroom. - Too much noise from adjoining room through the connecting door
I really liked this hotel. The staff for the hotel itself was super friendly. Rooms were quite comfortable too. I do agree with a few negative things previous reviewers said. David R. hit all the pros and cons right on the head. The hotel has the best location. Very nice.
Took a cheap Allegiant flight out of Shreveport, LA for 4 free nights, two free dinners, two free show tickets, and $150 play money at the Paris Casino Resort. They lured me in for sure but it turned out to be well worth it.. . From the beginning, the hotel staff was very courteous and appreciative. The room was a higly stylized room with recently renovated (2012?) decor. The view overlooking the fountains of the Bellagio across the street was spectacular. You can hear the music and the booms of the fountain which is nice. Winning.. . The spa was nice for a little rub down and steam in the sauna. A small attractive latino woman with a G.I.JOE kung fu grip worked me over pretty good. I was too intimidated after to ask for a happy ending. I just scooped myself off the table and oozed into the sauna for a while. That was real nice in February. Nice until an old Asian gentlemen came in and promptly farted. Thats one way to get some alone time. The massage is worth the fee but beware the built in gratuity of nearly $50. Didnt matter to me since my casino host comped everything but the gratuity upon checkout. Winning.. . The Diamond/VIP lounge was packed all the time but we managed to carve out a table when we needed to have a quick bite and a couple of drinks that didnt take 30 minutes to get. . . Live Entertainment options will kind of sparse here. We saw Hypnotist Anthony Cools. in the casino's small theater. Funny show and X-rated so it fit well with my twisted sense of humor. Saw turn a man into a dog with an itchy ass. Thats Vegas.. . The main casino floor was kind of small for a Vegas casino I thought, but I found all my usual favorites. Played a $5 slot and won 3 jackpots on 3 different play sessions. $1200, $6750 & $900. Winning, duhhhh.
Very nice resort, I just don't care for french food. Nice rooms and a nice well ventilated casino
We split a room with a friend who got a good deal here because of his propensity to gamble a lot of money. We couldn't ask for a better deal: only a little above $300 for the three of us for three nights.. . It was a nice atmosphere with a pretty good sized fridge. It had both a bath and a shower in the bathroom, which is a plus. The television was pretty big too, which is awesome.. . We ordered room service for dinner one night, and it came really fast. It was delicious too. Two burgers and a club sandwich. I can attest to the club sandwich being just perfect for my craving. . . The pool was just okay. Nothing special. But I did like the 2 for 1 drink specials at the bar.. . I'd be back if we got another deal like this.
I love the fact that its in the middle of the strip. I also like gambling there. I am bias because it has my fave wheel of fortune slot.
My girlfriends and I were only here for the buffet Le Village but as soon as we walked in, I instantly loved the place!  The theme is awesome.  So beautiful to see inside and outside. . . The buffet was awesome!  Definitely the best of all the 24hr buffets.  Besides the buffet, they have different restaurants and chocolate and crepe shops...Everything looked so amazingly good.  . . I would definitely consider staying here next time and trying different restaurants in here.
Don't think you can get out of taking your wife or girlfriend to the real Paris. That being said this is a fun little place with good restaurants, great people watching and a good size casino. It is connected to Bally's so you can walk quite a ways without having to brave the heat of the Las Vegas Strip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
It's my first time staying at Paris, and it was pretty nice. I love how the hotel room elevator is very close to the main entrance, thus I don't have to weave through the casino to get to it. . . The room is pretty standard and spacious. The bathroom is pretty big, with a bath tub, standing shower, a sink and toilet. The a/c unit works pretty well except when I try to raise the temperature over 72F, it starts giving out this burnt odor. Another thing is we were given a room that's connect to another room through a door, and whenever they're being loud, I can kind of hear. But it's not too bad considered I'm not in the room most of the time.. . The location is also pretty good, consider it's like in the middle with Bellagio across the street and Cosmopolitan just diagonally across. . . There are several cafe down at the casino level, and it's nice to grab some pastry to go and head to the pool. The swimming pool here is pretty nice. I said no outside food allowed but I see everyone bring stuff in, and they're okay with it as long as it's not glass bottles and it doesn't contain alcohol. They put music on and there's a bar that serve greatttt frozen strawberry daquiri.. . Also try their buffet, it's pretty good too.
As a Diamond card holder of the Total Rewards program with Harrah's, I get lots of offers for free rooms in Vegas, including Paris.  I love to stay here and it always feels like "home" for me on the strip.  Love the location and the service is always consistently good.  I especially like that this casino is not HUGE, but just big enough (as compared to Ceasar's where I find myself wandering in circles at night looking for the right tower and elevator to just get to bed!  Wait...maybe that has something to do with 12 hours of consistent drinking....hmmm...ok, well...).  I love the red rooms at Paris and have also stayed in the Penthouse suite a few years ago (which was a nice treat and a comp upgrade).  The Diamond Lounge is nice because it's easily accessible and they have hot apps in the afternoon and always free cocktails.  . . I'll sum it up with:  Le Paris est magnifique!
My first stay in Paris was a very positive experience. The hotel is very easy to get around and not a maze like many other big name hotels out there. The first day I was there I already knew my way around the place. . . I stayed in their normal rooms and it was your typical sized Vegas hotel room. Our room came with a fridge which was nice. Beds were super comfy and bathroom had a tub and seperate shower. I forgot I had my do not disturb sign up all day and the floor manager gave me a call and asked if I needed house keeping to come in and clean. I thought that was a really nice gesture. . . The pool is nothing to go crazyabout just one big pool. View of the tower was really nice though. Note that the bar by the pool sometimes has buy one get one free drink specials so take advantage! It only lasted 15 mins but it was still worth it. Overall, I would defintely stay at this hotel again. It's in a good spot on the strip and has excellent service.
We switched from the Venetian to the Paris, so we were spoiled by the room size and opulent bathroom at the previous hotel. I'll try to not let that influence this review.. . Average sized rooms. Nice staff. If you want a crepe, go for the buffet. An a la carte crepe is $10. For $15 you can get an all you can eat buffet WITH all u can eat creeps! Check in on four square for the $5 off buffet coupon. . . Not as smoking as some of the hotels we visited which is great if you have Ida and don't want to expose them to prolonged smoke on the way to the room. Much smaller shopping area than Caesars or Venetian.  Connected to the monorail through Bally's but you'll have to take your family through theBally's Casino to access it.  centrally located.. . Only gambled at 3 tables all night because the dealers at those tables were so pleasant. Glad we stayed there.
Just realized I didn't review on Yelp...so it's copy pasta from another review!. . I booked the red room at a discounted rate for my bachelorette weekend. Personally the decor was not my taste but the room did its job, clean, comfy, etc. Houndstooth carpet, lots of red and old wood...but the room was very comfortable. Also, when I told the front desk guy what the occasion was, he mentioned he gave me a room with a nice view...which was a bit of an understatement. It was in front of the Eiffel Tower, the pool and the Bellagio Fountains! I was giggling like an idiot everytime the fountains popped off. And if it was quiet enough, I could hear the music.. . Housekeepers were super nice and accommodating when I asked for extra towels, cups, etc. Also, we called asking for extra hangers. I expected a hotel this size to be super slow with such things but they were very fast.. . The service quality is GREAT for a Vegas hotel. Might stay here again if I snag a deal :)
Paris is the first Vegas hotel I got to see. We came here to eat crepes. Mediocre crepes. Anyway, it has a really cute shopping area in it which is designed to look like as if you were sauntering through a Parisian street and comes complete with a ceiling painted sky blue with clouds. The buffet isn't as cheap as it used to be but reportedly the lines are as long as ever. Parking is free and no problem as they have a large parking structure. Outside, Paris is beautiful. There is a half sized Eiffel Tower and a fake hot air balloon, an Arc de Triomphe and Paris looking architecture. I do not think it is tacky like New York New York.
I stay here once in a while when I come to Vegas, I like the location between the other casinos. I don't play here, because out of all the Total Rewards Casinos, this one is one of the tighest on there slots. The inside of the casino is very pretty and the staff is super nice. The drink servers on the floor are very few and slow. I'm rating this on the hotel, the gaming is another story.
*As casinos go* pretty cool.  I really enjoyed the fake tower, the fake sky, and the fake streetwalk.  This is about as good as fake gets, people.
Had a great stay last Saturday. Brought the dogs with me. My only complaint: Have a space for the dogs to go to the bathroom closer to the rooms! Isn't there a side area or place right outside of one of the many exits to put some foliage? I was instructed to walk over to Bally's little grass patch which is why I was walking all over the place with my two cocker spaniels to get to the exit closest to Ballys. Not to say we didn't get a bunch of attention from people who actually thought it was cool the dogs were there, but it was kind of a pain in the ass to walk them all the way through the casino and past multiple restaurants to get them outside. I am a dog owner that understands dogs should never be near food establishments so truly that was the only disappointment.
great location!---got a reasonable price thru my totalrewards card! ;). nice, clean, roomy room!. . gordon ramsay restaurant downstairs!!!
I thought Paris was a pretty neat looking hotel with the Eiffel Tower statue and a small but fun Casino. We spent more time waiting to see if the weather would break so we could ride to the top of the tower than anything else at the hotel.. . The ceiling was decorated as the sky with the Eiffel Tower starting out in the center of the building. There is a bridge that takes you the elevator for the towers. The music is  pretty decent, there is a competition between one of there lounge areas and the girls dancing on a table in front of the poker tables.. . I think they have the perfect location right in the heart of the strip and across from the Fountains at the Bellagio. Inside of the Casino/ mall area there are plenty of shops, a few French cafes, Gordon Ramsey's restaurant and my favorite, Mon Ami Gabi. They have a Club, Chateau inside that plays the latest dance clubs songs. No need to worry about a crazy cover because just like everything in Vegas they give guest-list access and free entry.. . I will definitely be staying at Paris on one of my trips back to Vegas!
I went to the wrong Eiffel Tower this weekend. I also visited the wrong NYC, Monte Carlo, and Sahara. Sigh. That's not all that went wrong. Did you watch Hangover? Yeah, that was my weekend. . . Trannies, the roulette table, TELEMUNDO reality show, Larry Hernandez, fight at the concert, DJ LEE, crowd surfing for beers, Ddosing, the boys at Defcon, pawn shop rings, rich m&l beer guy, palm readers, hunting and hackers. What have I done? . . What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas? Tell that to my new husband. I'm now looking for a good divorce lawyer if anyone knows one. And if anyone bumps into that tranny, tell her I know she stole my bikini.
Returned here again for our 2nd attempt to see Celine over at Caesar's. This time we had a 6th floor room that had a separate bathtub and shower, and we had a partial view of the strip, to include the Bellagio fountains and some other lights and hotels at no extra charge. The rate averaged out to be the same we got last time ($120/night) too. We're both still pleased with this place, and will continue to stay here at this price(or lower) with this GREAT location(which was still a painful walk to Caesar's in heels for my wife). And yes, we saw Celine this time, and she was GREAT!!
Recently stayed at the Paris Hotel for 4 nights and LOVED it! We got a good rate from Kayak.com. The rooms were large,comfortable, and clean. The bathroom was huge too. Some of the decor and the TV were a bit dated but that's not a huge deal. Access to elevators is centrally located in the hotel and the signage is abundant and clear. . . The staff at the Paris are all wonderful - from the front desk to housekeeping. Very professional and helpful.. . The location on the Strip is excellent - right in the middle of everything! The restaurants within the Paris are great too - Mon Ami Gabi, the Paris buffet, etc. Paris is also connected directly to Bally's which is very convenient. No need to go outside!. . The pool area is pretty big and offers a great view of the strip. Waitresses are abundant, the pool is clean, there are sunny and shay area, and the towel service is very nice.. . The gym/spa at the Paris is pretty nice. The reviews for it on here are bad but when I checked it out for myself, I thought it was fine. See my separate review for that.. . Other nice points where that they offer express check out (no need to wait in the long lines twice) and they give you the option of billing most things within the hotel to your room (gym, spa, etc). The only somewhat bad thing is that the WiFi is for a fee which is crappy.. . I would absolutely come back to the Paris anytime.
Paris has seen its better days but when it comes to room rate and most importantly, location, location, location, it can't be beat!. . The hotel has been around for 13-years and in that time frame, I've stayed here quite a few times but this review is from my most recent visit.  Although not quite as old as the Flamingo, Bally's, Excalibur, Harrah's or even the Mirage, Paris is starting to show it's age.. . Upon arrival to the hotel, I suggest to do valet parking, as the Front Desk is literally right by the doors.  Otherwise, if you do self park, you have a long ways to walk as that hallway that connects from Bally's to Paris and the parking garage can be quite a challenge as it's usually full of people.. . The guestroom decor and furnishings are original; blue carpeting, floral-esque furniture and marble tile bathrooms.  Although the room is still clean and in good shape, it certainly cannot compete to that of the Aria, Cosmopolitan, Vdara, Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, Palazzo or even Mandalay Bay.  But I must stress, you're not in Vegas to stay in the room, you just need a bed and shower when all is said and done, right?. . The Mandara Spa at Paris has also seen better days and honestly at this point, unless you're getting services or spa access comped, it's worth skipping.  Again, everything is in it's original state from when the hotel first opened and very run down.  You won't get that feel of luxury and bliss here.. . There are quite a few dining options located in the main lobby area of Paris, ranging from the buffet, to a couple sit down restaurants and a few casual spots for a quick bite or a drink.  I haven't been up to the Eifel Tower Restaurant or the other restaurants.  Actually now that I think of it, I've never been up their version of the Eifel Tower but, the view is significantly better from the Stratosphere.. . Gaming is pretty decent and you'll most always find your "favorite" slot machine as well as spots to play at a table.. . But most importantly, location.  Staying at Paris guarantees that you are in the center of LV Strip, the center of all the action!  You're within steps of all the major hotels and casinos.  Better yet, if you luck out and get a LV Strip, you have front row viewing of the Fountains of Bellagio show!  But again, don't stay in the room to watch that, get out there!. . So until I get get a steal of a deal or comped at one of the nicer hotels, I'd totally choose to stay at Paris.  Save your money for the fun not the fancy room, right?
I'm a regular and it has always been a pleasure to stay here.  I'm also glad they've updated the room's decor to my favorite colors (red,black,white).   I love the Sugar Factory that recently opened up.   Thumbs ups to all the restaurants here.  Fabulous time in Vegas baby!!
No too over the top French country theme in the rooms and hallways.  The lobby, casino and shops ARE over the top -- two of the eiffel tower's feet extend into the lobby/casino! it's Vegas and that's ok.. . The buffet is pricey at times (brunch), cheaper at others (breakfast) but overall pretty good, there are also a couple fast food type places, including a quite good creperie. The shops are not standout, though the (very price) store full of Art Noveau glass and lamps is fun to browse.. . Staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge helpfully checked me into my flight and printed my itinerary for free when my iphone couldn't check me in. Very nice. (She could have easily directed me to the pay-as-you-go internet terminals nearby.). . It's a great central location and a nice place to base your stay in Vegas.. . PLUS. - nice big rooms. - nice bathroom with shower, tub and plenty of counter space in bath. - handy convenience store in elevator lobby. . MINUS. - no coffee/tea maker in room. - no free wifi. - no storage in the minifridge
I was mesmerized by the larger than life Eiffel Tower greeting me as I walked into Paris hotel.  When you walk in it actually does feel a little like a Parisian getaway, cigarette smoke and all! . We stayed at Paris simply because we got a really good group rate through a sports club that we were traveling with.  Things are seen through a kinder set of eyes when you're getting a really good deal for something!  . The hotel itself is nice.  The Paris theme is carried throughout the hotel and casino but not too much in the cheap rooms that we stayed in.  A lot of the stores and cafes started with "Le"... I guess if you put the word Le in front of a word, it makes it French.  Either way, it was fun to play along for the weekend.  The lobby was nice, the hotel was clean and restaurant that we ate breakfast at, Le Cafe Ile St. Louis, was good.  . Our room was a slight step above average.  There were no bells or whistles but at least the bed was comfy, the room was clean, and there was plenty of space for us and our things.. The highlight of Paris hotel was Chateau Nightclub!!  A swanky nightclub with great music and a beautiful terrace situated underneath the arch of the Eiffel tower!  A MUST SEE!!. Overall, I love the location of the Paris Hotel and Casino.  If I do stay at this hotel again, I think I'll splurge a little to see what some of the other rooms have to offer.
This is a solid 3.5 stars.  The hotel needs to be updated in some aspects; the parking lot has barely visible paint (which would make door dings much more possible), and the big tube tv needs to go.  The hotel staff is very friendly and our stay was pleasant.  The swimming pool is not really for the younger crowd, but it's definitely a family pool.              Also, don't use your room phone to make any local calls, it's a rip off.  Should have used my cell phone to call for the pool hours.
As a hotel and overall smashing customer service, this place has always been one of the best in Vegas; it rivals the Diamond Entrance at Caesars Palace. The only reason I starred it down is due to the slaughterhouse of a casino.... . I know, I know, they say "location has no prominence on gambling." Wrong. But thats my only gripe. . . The location is great in relation to the important points on the strip. The valet is easy to use and they park all cars in the shade. (Bonus) Gordon Ramsay Steak is here. If youre friendly and know how to ask... They will upgrade you.. . Use the back entrance off of Harmon behind the miracle mile shops for super exclusive no-running-over-pedestrian access. . . I love staying here, I don't love gaming here. The Calais suite is huge and they even give you a motorized tube television at the foot of your bed. One and 3/4 bathrooms and a foyer. Dining room and living room and a view of the Bellagio. I paid $.00 to upgrade to this room. Thats how the Paris treats me. Im currently in the red room on the 27th floor writing this review. My only advice, ask for am even numbered room. Then you will have the strip view.
Most reviews were spot on stayed there for 6 nights thru aug 31. The food prices were expensive but the food at the Sugar factory was fantastic.The room was nice and clean great view of the Pool. Very nic shower and liked the way the staff respected the do not disturb sign.. Room was cleaned everyday in a timely manner. I will definitly stay their again.
I stayed at the Paris over the long Labor Day weekend and loved it! The rooms are clean and well thought out (loved the separate armoires), the service is superior, and the location is unbeatable. We arrived early (around 1pm) and were seamlessly checked in. The staff provided us extra hangers, by request, and our room was clean even when we took our time and got a late start in the day. . . Chateau night club was also fun to have at our door step as there were always happening events like P-Diddy hosting a party, etc. We ate at the Sugar Factory which was also in our hotel. (Great cupcakes) In a nutshell, the Paris has the iconic balloon and Eiffel Tower that I couldn't stop photographing as well as the ideal location on the strip. The Eiffel Tower restaurant is also top notch and a very romantic experience. I highly recommend this hotel. It's a perfect blend of value and luxury.
I always end up gambling too much here...by far the best casino service we have ever experienced.  The drinks just keep on coming, in a timely fashion--at least at the main tables and dollar+ slots.  The rooms are really good too...we stayed in a Penthouse suite, and it was everything you would hope it would be.  It was clean, spacious and the in-room jacuzzi tub (master bedroom) is always a great treat.  Their in house club (Chateu) is pretty cool too.  They have the new Gordon Ramses restaurant that my friends ate at (very pricey) as well, and the Candy spot right under it that always has people munchin on treats.  I have stayed here many times, and I will warn, that in some of the rooms...some things are dated:  ie the TVs, and upholstery of the furniture.  Overall a great place, enjoy!
Gorgeous hotel, just like the Venetian, with a feeling you are actually in Paris and outside.  Fantastic!   Great shopping and eating.  Next time, I would love to dine at the Eiffel Tower!   It is awesome how you enter the restaurant inside the hotel and the tower goes through the roof with dining at the top. I'm sure it's a great view.   My favorite shop inside is SHOOZ..... oh the gorgeous shoes!   And, of course, we dined at Ramsay's Steak restaurant which was an ultimate experience on its own.   The exterior is also fantastic for photography, my favorite hobby, hopefully future career :)  Downside again...... would be the smoky casino in the middle of the place.  Why can't they find private rooms for those activities???   Hmmmm, just not a fan of that habit.
Great location and clean rooms.  I went on a family trip (rooms were comped) and enjoyed my stay. Casino is a nice size too. Bell service is fast and courteous. The pool is nice; although it could be open later, especially during summer hours and it could have a deep end. DJ comes out during the afternoon and plays great music. . . Food: Make sure you check in to Paris via foursquare because you'll get a $5 off coupon at Le Village Buffet. Overall the food was okay. The crepes were really good, as well as the desserts. Went to St. Louis Cafe and the food was decent. . . Overall great hotel to stay and is in the middle of The Strip close to everything!
Perfect place to stay on a medium budget. The rooms are nice and never all that expensive, and the location is great.. . I have to admit to being a sucker for the design of the place as well. The Eiffel Tower recreation is impressive, but nothing else feels strictly "authentic." That's fine, as I'm a huge fan of the Disneyland design aesthetic going on in the resort. The blue sky colored ceiling, the fake cobblestone walkways winding through faux villages... it's all very fun and charming.. . The pool is large and relaxing as well, and sits at one of the feet of the Eiffel Tower. Their restaurant collection is decent as well, with one of the better buffets in town and a fun and tasty French-themed burger joint/ sports bar.. . A great place to stay with a perfect location if you don't want to blow a ton of money on a luxury hotel, especially since its mid-Strip location is hard to beat.
We didn't stay here and we didn't gamble, but we had a good time nonetheless. We rode to the top of the Eiffel Tower (which cost about $12 a person). The view turned out to be fantastic. Paris is right in the middle of the Strip, so the Eiffel Tower is a great place to get oriented, and to watch the Bellagio fountains from above. The staff were extremely cute and helpful.. . We also wandered around the casino, and found it to be charming and decently quiet (both a rarity in Vegas!). Check it out if you've been to the real Paris--you'll enjoy the knock-off art nouveau features.
I usually stick to the Mirage, but my buddy and I decided to try somewhere new. I went in expecting to dislike the rooms (having already decided, on previous visits, that the common areas were only ok), but was pleasantly surprised. Lets break it down:. . Check In: Friday at 5:30pm and it was surprisingly quick and very efficient, with some friendly thrown in too.. . Rooms: We ended up in a Premium Guest Room (second up from the cheapest), and it was well appointed and of good size. Our room had a mini fridge which was great, though I am not sure if all rooms have them. Beds were comfy. TV was large and of good quality. Plenty of storage space. The bathroom was very large with a nice vanity and separate tub/shower. The shower was great - large, nice and with good water pressure. Housekeeping was very good. Wifi was approximately $14/day should you need it.. . Elevators: One thing I've noticed is how bad some elevators can be. There was never a wait for Paris. They are set up perfectly and whisk you away quickly, to or from your room. . . Location: Perfect. Across from Bellagio in the middle of the Strip, you'vegot Wynn as a 20 minute walk north, and NY NY the same south (with crowds). . . Casino: Average. It has all your basics, and employees are friendly enough, but nothing here is really all that special. . . Sports Book: A bit small, but still decent. Could use some more TVs though. Staff are the friendliest on the Strip in my book. . . Food: Paris really, really lacks here. You basically have French, Italian or buffet...that's it. Selection wise, this is probably the worst on the Strip. At least other places have variety.. . . So, I stick to the opinion that Paris has mediocre common areas. However, rooms and service here were both very good, on top of the ideal location, so I wouldn't hesitate to return.
Great Hotel when you get a good rate. Showing a little age but still a great place.
Great location on the strip and not all that pricey for what you get. I paid $140 a night for a room with a king bed with a huge window overlooking the strip. Not bad. However, The Paris does have some bad points. The buffet here was not very good at all, and the walk from our room to get outside took forever!!  Other than those two things I liked our stay here.
Very nice place and it has a very old school, but still modern feeling. Went there to eat at a restaurant and walked through the casino. Plenty of free parking and pretty easy to access the hotel and casino from the parking. Sometimes that can be tricky and confusing with some hotels.
I booked Paris because I received comp room and I couldn't resist, so I booked it right away. The entrance is always full of people crossing but so is Bellagio and Mirage, the valet area was taking forever to park my car but that was no biggie. Checking in took  20 minutes but the front desk woman was very friendly checking me in and told me the pool was open 24 / 7 but I should be cautious because of no lifeguards being on duty. That was a plus for the pool being open 24 / 7 but the weather was too cold to go night swimming. . . Casino wasn't as stuffy and was pretty clean to me. My room was very clean and updated with the flat screen TV and the mini fridge was a huge plus, so no need to bring coolers to Paris unless you have lots of food and drink to bring. It beats going back and forth for ice. The room was clean and has a French contemporary design and is not to shabby for a basic comp room and your hardly in your room unless you're here for work and no play.  :o. . I request a non smoking king bed with a strip view but they they only had 2 queen so I opted for that. I do like looking at the view from my room to relax and enjoy the scenery but it was nice to get what I requested despite checking in late. . . I would come back and stay here again if it was comp and a deep discount. Even though they don't have wifi, the internet on my smart phone still works so yay for me. . . =)
In the past, I felt that Paris was dark, old and smoky, but that is absolutely not the experience I had when I stayed there most recently; I think they have cleaned up their act. The staff is friendly too. . . When I checked in, I told them it was my birthday and they upgraded us from a standard room to the Imperial Suite, which was quite large and had a great view. It had two beds, a living room, bar area, two bathrooms, jacuzzi and big marble entryway. Needless to say I was very happy with the front desk for offering this to me at no additional charge. . . Paris is not on the level of Caesars, The Bellagio, The Wynn, etc. I would consider it a tier two hotel for the strip, but definitely worth checking out if some of the higher-end options are unavailable or too pricy.
I love Paris: City and Hotel.. . Love the french lessons in the bathrooms, the casino decor, being under the eiffel tower and seeing the legs by the slot machines. People are friendly, drinks are flowing.. . Rooms are nice, I've stayed here two times so far. The pool is big, yet simple. Not your crazy party scene, but it is what you make it.. . Conveniently connected to Bally's which is also how you can hop on the monorail
Great hotel and came here Dec 11-14, 2012. I had a good deal for a premier red room on the 30th floor with a view of the water fountains on the other side of the road.  The red rooms are their newest renovated rooms on the top floors of the hotel. The room was very large with king size bed. It is true what others say about the other rooms on the lower floors. They are older and not very nice looking. The hotel should renovate them.  The interior of the common areas is looking a bit dated. . . . There is a good theatre in the hotel and good restaurants. Gordon Ramsay Steak is a good choice but is pricey.  If you come here, take the ride up the half size replica Eiffel tower.  The location is very central.
By far this is one of my favorite hotels to stay in while in Las Vegas. You can actually get caught up in the theme of being in Paris and think you're in Paris. I guess that's the whole idea?  I am not some kind of hotel snob, but I do want to have a clean place to rest my head and because we have two daughters, they tend to be very needy. The guest services were very helpful and when a request was made, they met all of our needs in a timely manner. The rooms were well kept, felt fresh and clean and we couldn't ask for a better view! A view that offered the Eiffel Tower and an amazing view of the strip, that also included the Bellagio and it's beautiful dancing fountains. The staff were all very charming and helpful in every aspect imaginable. The bar "Le Central" offered some very good Martini's and Mojitos. The hotel is relatively centrally located to everything, from shopping to dining and other entertainment venues. I am already planning another trip later on this year to take my daughters to see the Cirque Du Soleil, The Beatles "LOVE" show...so I think that the Paris Hotel will most certainly be on my list of hotel to return to.
Pro: Very nice interior design, great view of the water music fountain. Great location in the center of the strip. . Cons: Too many people (on Christmas weekend). Smoke in the Casino. . . Overall would consider staying again for the location and price.
Of all the Harrahs properties, this is my favorite one.  Its even nicer when I get comp'd with my Total Rewards points.. . The check in is very efficient... beats Bally's, Harrahs, and even Caesar's. The view facing theEiffel Tower is very nice, makes posting the view of your room on facebook even better.. . The rooms need to be redecorated.  The flatscreen as Mary L stated is in the weirdest spot.  It would be better to move the armoire to the side, and reposition the tv.  Otherwise, I still lvoe staying here, and the location is great!
Enjoyed our stay here due to its fabulous location! Only reason for no five star rating is the beds. Not very comfortable. Needs improvement.
One of the nicer places I've stated at over the past 18  years I've been going to Vegas. The rooms, are very nice. Room service is great, especially after hitting the  casinos! The casino is  very nice as well as the shops and restaurants. Highly recommend!
Love the location of this hotel. We and my buddies go out for March Madness. This year we picked Paris. We got a great deal. We liked the hotel for the location, butwent to other hotels to gamble. We did not stay at the hotel during the day, nor much at night. its a good place to stay, but for action you will need to go somewhere else.. . Stayed March 2011
I didn't know what to expect when I first booked the room, but it turned out to be better than I expected. I booked a Luxury Room with double queen beds.. I'm glad that they held the room the whole day, because I got there way later. . It's also great that they have fulfilled all my requests!. . The room was not too small. The bathroom was great. It has a bath tub and a shower separately. . The room was also clean. The front desk service was especially awesome, because they gave me a complimentary late check out. Thank goodness, because it was much needed hahah!. . The only thing that I would consider cons are the windows and the position of the TV. I wish the flat screen TV would be placed in the middle of the wall between the two beds. The windows cannot be open all the way, so there is just a small crack at the bottom. . . Overall, I enjoyed my stay at Paris Las Vegas. The staff were also friendly and courteous.
Great casino, average to low rooms but great atmosphere. We will be coming back here after we try a few other hotels.
I haven't written many reviews about hotels that I've stayed in Vegas mainly I think just because I have no complaints at any that I have stayed at. But my reviews might be a little bit skewed since I didn't stay at regular hotel rooms. . . When I stayed at Paris the suite was $700.00 a night, lets just say it was amazing and I loved it. I had a nice view of the Bellagio Fountain. Very modern and everything was super clean. I felt like a princess here and was very pampered. . . Always had fresh towels, the maids were friendly and the room was huge. After going to the real Paris in Europe I have to say the rooms and the lifestyle in this hotel is up to par with the real deal. It has that same European feel and it is quite wonderful. . . If you don't really care what kind of room you stay in just because you most likely are here to gamble and just see the Vegas life than a good and cheaper option is just getting a cheaper option room. Which they do sell here. I've heard that the regular rooms are also pretty good but I haven't stayed at them so I really am not too sure. . .  I have seriously no complaints at all. Very satisfied and I will be back again!
I stayed there for 1 night. The hotel was very nice. The room and the bathroom was clean. . while I was checking in we had to wait in a very long line! The front desk person informed me that they don't have 2 beds in the room as I requested, however they were willing to give me an upgrate with a nicer view. We were ok with that. The hotel stuff was very friendly.. the only thing I didn't like was that I could hear people in the hallway closing doors. I think there was a party in the next room that involved many people walking in and out. Afterall, it's Vegas.
This is one of my favorite hotels in vegas... partially because I'm obsessed with the city. It's a great location on the strip, the tables are always reasonably priced, and I love eating at the restaurant mon ami. They also have an awesome spa on site. The rooms aren't huge, but they're cute, clean, and pretty affordable compared to some other hotels.
Good place to stay but don't gamble here! The payouts are horrible compared to Freemont Street, Tropicana, and the Station. Nice pool on top of casino area. Beds weren't that great. Shower was pretty nice. Great central location. Not bad for the price. Nice lively atmosphere. Good bang for buck hotel.
Kind of kitschy, but in an acceptable way.  Slept pretty well while we were here, though I will note we were pretty inebriated, so maybe we just slept through the noise.. . If I recall properly we had one of the higher  Red rooms, pretty good views and about what you'd expect at the price range.  Like I said, the bed was probably better then I expected so it was probably worth the couple of extra bucks if you need somewhere to re-coup after a late night out.
To be at Paris on the Strip is a bit like being in Paris at the Disneyworld, with fewer children and sea of adults ready to get down. While the cheesiness is never ending, , this Caesars Entertainment property is as decent as they come for mid-tier properties and just so happens to be situated mid strip.. . The most impressive thing about Paris is their lifelike replica of the Eiffel Tower. It is haven for countless photo ops, a Strip landmark, and home to its very own restaurant (and very good) in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz/eiffel-tower-restaurant-las-vegas). I've read that Paris attracts the most honeymooners in Vegas. If you can't go to the real Pareee, I suppose the Vegas version will have to do.. . There are a decent array of cafes and shops throughout Paris, none of which are outstanding enough to mention on their own.The restaurant variety is a bit on the drab side, from the 24 hour Le Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas) to the uninspiring Le Village Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas). Asian food at Ah Sin doesn't feel very Parisian, same goes for the bland Italian at Le Provencal.. . If there is a weak point, let it be the casino and their nightlife venues. With the casino, it's a labyrinth of machines, table games, and a drab high limit area. Not that it should be pleasing to the eye, but the casino Bar Central isn't a place where one can truly get drunk enough to spend those TotalReward points and no other bar really does the trick. Chateau as a night club hasn't been all its cracked up to be and isn't a heavy favorite in the weekend rotation of most frequented clubs at all. From a mild to medium standpoint on the casino hotness meter, Paris is somewhere inbetween.. . My personal favorite aspect is their rooms. Most of the standard stuff is going to look antiquated with an obvious Euro feel, but the jr suites, like the Le Mans and such have a good value to them, and the comp rewards are more applicable to higher end rooms here. If Caesars Palace is the high end, Imperial is the lower end of the Caesars Entertainment totem pole, then Paris, through all it has to offer, is definitely somewhere in the middle. . . Ah, c'est la vie.
Just to frame our initial expectations, we had four nights comped via our Total Rewards and thus we expected very little in terms of luxury. We arrived past the checkin time at around 830pm and were greeted by a long line to checkin...lasting about 40 minutes. The checkin process itself was super quick though so I am not sure as to why the line was moving so slow! Upon arrival to our 18th floor room we were pretty surprised at the roominess of the place...two queens beds and plenty of space to walk around! The view that we had was of the back of Bally's casino but that was better than no view at all! The only negative I have about this room was that the tv was set off centered and only the bed positioned directly in front of the tv had the comfy view. In terms of other amenities..there is WIFI but super expensive, but my phone had great reception and thus I could browse via my own hot spot. The parking in the Paris is free and is very convenient if you have a car and want to/need to explore the surrounding Vegas area outside of the flashing lights & gambling. The cleaning lady came by every day and took care of the room really well...making the beds, throwing out the trash, and cleaning/replenishing the bathroom. Overall good experience with the hotel. The building location is also a very big plus...right across the street from the Bellagio fountains! Plenty to see and plenty to do - use YELP and FOURSQUARE to find your way.
I would give this a 3 star, but because our hotel person was nice enough to give us a room with a nice view upon request, I'll bump it up to 4 stars. I nice view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio  (yay for their water shows) made it nice!. . Paris is generally a nice play to stay. It's very cute! It does give you a sense of Paris, that is, until you enter the casino/gambling area. Checking in is a complete pain in the ass. Wait is long, and the lines move at a terribly slow pace. I think I waited about 30-40 minutes just to check in. Fun! . . Our rooms were decent. Aside from the view, the rooms were not anything special. I could have settled for somewhere cheaper and gotten a similar room. The pool is huge and nice! I didn't go into the water, but man the sun was ablaze. It was nice to relax by the pool.. . Checking out is a lot more simple than checking in. You can pretty much fill out a card and put it into a check out box. They take care of it. You don't have to wait in the long, slow-moving line just to check out. I had a good time at the Paris, and see no reason to discourage anyone from getting a room at Paris. And hey, free parking!
The casino was wonderful! The painted the ceiling like the sky! the decorations in the casino was great as well.  The buffet was awesome, the food was delicious, again the service was GREAT! add a $11.99 for all you can drink booze ;)
Stayed here a few times because of my significant other's Rewards Card status. We got a good deal once, I think the room was only $10? I don't know, but either way it was pretty good. However, for some reason, the room in Paris wasn't as spacious as Bally's or the other ones that the same company owns.
I was there for 3 days. My stay was good but they wanted me to pay $10 extra a day to have internet, that is disappointing when I paid so much a night to stay there and not to have a free internet. The fridge has sensor so the minute you move something, your bill goes up, it doesn't even say the price on the items! . Good hotel but it needs some improvements for the prices they have!
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause my kid at heart is at play. I haven't done much time in Paris, therefore, cannot comment if this properly emulates the feel of the city, however, for what it is I had fun. The souvenirs are cheesy "Paris souvenirs just like NY NY, however, more in it or the laugh than actual retail therapy. Not a lot of interaction with the staff personally but they looked all happy serving people at the front desk.
I stayed at the Paris for the first time this weekend. I have always liked gambling at the paris because I like the atmosphere and I have gotten lucky here a few times. Staying here was also really nice. We had a strip view room that was awesome! The bed was comfy, the views were nice, we could see the pool and the Eiffel tower replica out one window and the strip including the Bellagio fountains out the other. The location is convenient, the deal we got on the room was good. The pool was fine, but it closed really early (7pm) so that was a bit weird. I would definitely stay here again if the price was right.
Paris was our abode during our stay in Vegas. It was my first time here and I picked it solely on looks, call me vain, and because we planned on purchasing a buffet wrist band ( more info to follow in the Le Village Review). Although I booked the room, I can't in the slightest remember the price. We stayed mid seek (check in Wednesday - check out Friday) with a AAA discount; maybe $250-300? The room more than adequate and I loved its short walk to the garage, reception desk, and buffet line. When passing through the gambling floor there was relatively little to no smoke, a biggie for someone who wears contacts.. We selected the luxury two queens non smoking. It came with two queen beds, of course, flat screen TV, dresser/closet and a large bathroom (a necessity with 3 women staying in the room). The beds were comfy and the sheets warm without being rough on your skin. The TV was placed on the left side of the room, next to the window, but it wasn't difficult to watch from the right side bed. The bathroom was something I wish I could have at home. It was warm, light amber marble through out with a his + hers sink, a separate jacuzzi tub and shower. The commode was placed behind a quarter wall so there was some privacy but not if someone showering. Heads up if you have bad balance, the marble becomes slick from the shower. I thought it was just me but everyone had this issue even when we turned the shower head to the far wall. Slip hazard!! We went through two bath mats each day while bathing. Paris needs to better seal the bottom of these shower doors. . We made the mistake of ordering Wi Fi for $15 thinking everyone could use it. Wrong. The Wi Fi is only good for ONE DEVICE. Want to add another? That will be another $15, uh no thanks. Unless you are here for work you don't need it and even then I doubt you want to be working after hours in the city of sin. I would definitely stay here again but I would love to try out a Red Room Premier and see the pool. Need to verify if the pictures do it justice.
I love Paris Vegas. Always pretty to get a nice view. The staff is always nice. The rooms are clean. I just dont like it when the casino takes my money. Thats why its 4 stars instead of 5.
We booked a room for 2 nights on a whim and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Checking in was a breeze and even got an upgrade for my Birthday weekend, nice! The room was great and the view of the Eiffel Tower was beautiful. The nice thing about this property is the cleaning staff, I saw this guy cleaning the walls when we left the room, 2 hours later he was still cleaning, they really take great pride in their work. This was our first time staying here but it won't be our last, the rates were affordable for being right in the middle of the strip, very convenient. Looking forward to another Vegas trip soon.
Stayed in August 2011 so bear in mind things have changed since then.. . We were a party of 6 aged 17-65 and had two adjoining rooms and a separate third room all on the same floor as requested. Rooms were clean and spacious and AC worked well. Nice sized bathrooms and plenty of towels provided.. . We liked this hotel as it wasn't as daunting as some of the others on the strip, it wasn't a huge walk from the entrance to the elevators and a short walk to the room. There was minimal noise at night (our room had a partial strip view - Planet Hollywood and you could also see the pool). . We ate most mornings at MAG (separate review) and also in Le Burger and the buffet. Enjoyed almost daily happy hours at the bar in the casino, great 2-4-1 Martinis - super strong.
I got to say, it is easily the best casino and hotel on the strip.. . I found the dealers a delight.. . The support and service staff so personable and all in all great quality to the experience.
Great Hotel! Centralized location on the strip, and the staff are very friendly. Stayed in the Nice(neece) suite. it was spacious and very pretty. Try to get a room on the 33rd floor and enjoy the view no matter which way your looking.
My boyfriend and I were searching for a reasonably-priced hotel in the center of the Strip, and Paris was exactly what we were hoping for.  We stayed May 27-31, 2013. . . The room itself was pretty standard - nothing nicer than a typical Comfort Inn really.  We were on the 10th floor - I'm sure some of the upgraded rooms are nicer.  The casino was nice, although nothing special compared to the rest of the Strip.  There are lots of dining options in the hotel - the buffet was FABULOUS!  There's also a creperie, a sandwich/pizza shop, convenience store, etc.  The pool is really nice as well - really relaxed and wasn't very crowded during our stay.. . I give the room itself 3 stars, and the overall experience of staying at the hotel 4 stars.  The location simply cannot be beat - you're right in the middle of all the action on the Strip.  . . Note:  Beware of the resort fee of $20/night.  Unfortunately, all the Vegas hotels seem to charge some type of fee, so it's probably not avoidable.
My husband and I stayed at Paris for a short trip.  The room was beautiful and the service at the front desk was really friendly.  Paris was one of the nicer casinos on the strip and I recommend it!
We've stayed here twice, once in a "red room" and another time in your standard basic rate room. Both times we received friendly service, easy check in and out, and the rooms were comfortable with nice views of The Strip. The hotel itself has plenty of garage parking and has a good location on The Strip for easy walking distance to many attractions and other casinos.
Loved my stay here! My friends and I stayed in a room with a great view of the pool, their Eiffel Tower and some of the strip (which is great for taking pictures in front of).. . - Nice View, right on The Strip . . - Ability to walk right to Bally's . . - They have a club called Chateau within the hotel ( which has a rooftop lounge and a dance floor.) As you check in, they usually give you free passes with each guest. . . - There's little eateries in there such as a crepe place and a pizza shop. The pizza place is okay, nothing amazing. . . - There's also a buffet, which is pretty good. Their desserts are off the hook though.
The casino/hotel: Very crowded, congested hotel/casino for sure. I had trouble walking the narrow 'replica of a street in Paris' with the plastic-feeling floors, which seems like they would pose quite a problem for anyone walking heels. Also, the gambling floor is mostly slots.. . The room was ok, but our shower was awful. The water could never get hot enough and I could barely wash my hair in the water pressure, which was extremely weak. So bad. Also, I've never actually been to a Vegas hotel that had a lock on the door - is this in case someone ODs in the bathroom or something? I don't get it. At least the room came with a mini-fridge, and the beds were an OK size.. . Don't expect to get any cell reception or WiFi in this place. I felt like I was cut off from the entire world. It was awful.. . I didn't dine in the hotel at all so I can't really tell you about that, but the pastries in the little cafe looked delicious. Coffee menu looked expensive and bland, they had some cheap hot chocolate machine behind the counter. I really wanted to try Mon Ami Gabi but didn't get the chance to. I can tell you that all my friends bragged about Gordon Ramsay Steak being delicious and the name of the restaurant was a running, albeit immature/not-all-that-funny joke the entire weekend. "Uhm, excuse-eh me, it's not 'Gordon Ramsay SteakHOUSE', it's 'Gordon Ramsay Steak'." If you don't feel like shelling out the big bucks for some beef wellington, head on down to the conveniently located Planet Hollywood. You can have Gordon Ramsay's Burgr for reasonable prices like $14 per, if you can stomach staring at the pictures of him around the restaurant.. . The concierge was very friendly and accomodating, without seeming fake.. . Overall an OK experience. I've only bumped it up a star because it was in a pretty decent spot on the strip to reach other things by foot. It's closest to Planet Hollywood, but you can trek up the stairs and down towards The Flamingo and get in some roulette.
We went to Paris this summer. Great hotel if you want to be in a middle of everything and don't want to pay crazy money.  We got really nice Red Room, Clean, beautiful room with up to date  furnishing. We didn't planed to spend lots of time in a room so we were totally fine with mountains view from our windows.  The rest of the hotel looked to me little bit touristy so we spent lots of time visiting  hotels in an area. We are young and love sophisticated parties Cosmopolitan will be our next trip choice.
Didn't stay here, just visited.. Eiffel tower ride was great, casino staff was great, food just OK, but they do have the fastest most professional Valet parking in Vegas.
We were given a room on the 19th floor overlooking the pool, strip and could see the Bellagio fountain show, great spot! The room was very clean and had everything we needed! We were in town for a conference that was at the Paris, the conference facilities were great, including the bars, restaurant and staff. Recommend this hotel!
gorgeous exterior of the building and the interior was nicely kept!
The casino floor is nice. The layout is easy to get around with the street post signs pointing you in the right direction. The night club seem to be hopping. Beautiful ladies and guys lining up to get in the place all night long. The view from the Eiffle tower has a must see view.
My husband and I stayed during the 4th of July weekend and it was a nice stay. We had out dogs with us and they had a blast. The only thing I didn't like was the hassle of taking them to the bathroom. There was no patch or outside area for dogs to go to the bathroom on our floor. They have a designated area for dogs but it's small and hidden by construction. It was really hot so sometimes my dogs didn't want do their business because their paws would burn on the artificial grass. The area was on the bottom floor so we had to walk through the casino a bunch of times and it's hard to carry them across the entire casino sometimes. I'm allergic to the smell of cigar and cigarette smokes, so that was not fun to walk through every time. I have never been to Vegas and was afraid to go because of all the smoking. But my friends reassured me it has gotten better. But when I went it was still pretty bad. It was worse when we went because it was so hot and humid that the smell rises and makes it 100 times more unbearable. I had to cover my mouth and nose a bunch of times...note to self, stay away from the strip. Other than the complications, it was a great stay, great service.
give me my rooms.. will all the money i lost here shit.. u should name a floor after me..
Our group loves the Paris. The experince in this hotel is unforgetable and the Casinos are fair. The sleeping rooms are clean which is important when you take family.The food is very expensive  so eat offsite.. . Oh yeah its good to become a VIP Diamond Club memember this way you can skip the lines. Same thing with all Caesars properties.
By far my one of my favorite hotels on the Las Vegas strip.  Clean and pristine room comfortable beds and linens.  The replica of the Eiffel Tower is always a nice sight...but at night, it becomes spectacular.  The only negative thing I have to say is, I really hate the faux cobblestone streets - they're not good to walk while sober or after  drinking.  I hated the real things cobblestone streets in Paris and really REALLY hate the faux ones at this hotel/casino...but when you're sticking to a Parisian theme, I guess it's OK.
This place was amazing ... that being said the pool area needed some updates, the ventilation system in the meeting rooms needs attention. Too smokey for me. The reooms were great and I am glad we had our meeting here.
On my top 10 list of strip hotels to stay at.  Everyone is very friendly and felt very comfortable.  The machines paid out for me, so that's an added bonus.   Only thing I would say slightly negative is that there are some employees (not all) that need to be more attentive and put a smile on their face.  Don't just walk past people and ignore them...at least say, "I'll be right with you..OR...I'll send somebody your way."  That's about it.  Oh...and the water pressure in the showers need to go up a bit.
Located footsteps from the strip, this hotel is the perfect location for anyone looking to be in the center of everything you would want to see and do in Vegas. . . Luckily my friend was offered an upgrade to the Presidential Suite. With a grand seating area, formal dining room, luxurious bedroom with remote controlled hideaway TV, bath with jacuzzi tub, the suite offered all the amenities to ensure a pleasant and relaxing experience during our three night stay in Sin City.. . Rooms were spacious and linens were changed out regularly without a hitch.. . I've heard the standard rooms were a bit dated with tube TVs and in dire need of a renovation, but if you can land a suite or higher, I think the stay here is well worth it.
This review is soley for the pool. I got a groupon for a pool package for 2, inlcuding 2 beverages. A great deal when you think about it. Each drink is $15 and we got to lounge at a pool that wasn't where we were staying. We stayed at the NYNY and that was great, but this pool was chill, and had the Eiffel Tower staring back at me, it was a diverse crowd (not just 21 year olds) and had music going. It was also open 1 hour later than my own pool.
love the paris
Overall, this hotel is fantastic. Staff is great, lots of high end shops and resturants, and a perfect location on the strip. As for my room, I had an upper floor facing Bellagio and Eiffel tower. Room was clean, but it is showing quite a bit of wear and tear, and I feel that a nice refurbishment is needed. Carpets are starting to get the worn feeling. The room had a flat panel LCD TV with a decent amount of channels. As for the food....I highly recommend the buffet for dinner, but not breakfast (Planet Hollywood for breakfast buffet is better). There is a small crepe shop on the main shopping aisle that is EXCELLENT!!!! Overall, I really liked the Paris hotel, but for my next trip, I may try another hotel, just out of curiosity. One downside is a fairly hefty resort fee of $22 per night, but it does include wi-fi for one device. Additional devices are $15, so it's a bit pricy on that end.
This was my first time in Las Vegas so anyone reading this review, keep that in mind.  However, I've stayed in various 4 and 5 star hotels and I think this hotel does a good enough job in comparing well.. I'll start with the pros.  . The hotel itself is in a very nice location. Right across from the Bellagio and in the center of all the action.  The standard room was actually pretty spacious.  I always judge from the edge of the bed to the TV stand.  Well the TV was mounted over the desk, but there was a armoire unit to hang clothes, drawer space and a small fridge.  But there was good enough walking space in between.  There also is a nice sitting area with Victorian like seating to go with the theme.  The bathroom was very spacious featuring a stall shower and bathtub.  Although the bathtub was small, let's face it - who actually uses it.  The stall was a good size and nice water pressure.  The whole bathroom was decorated very tastefully with marble.  Also, housekeeping was on point.  No matter what time we left our room, even if it was just to get breakfast, as soon as we got back our room was cleaned to perfection.. . Outside of the room, you've got your standard casinos, restaurants, and the hotel theme featuring the Eiffel Tower and walkways modeled like Paris streets.  It did give you that Parisian type of feeling and all of the food was definitely French-like.  We ate at one of the cafe shops, Mon Ami Gabi and one of the pastry shops.  All good.  We also partied at their club, Chateau, which I think was one of the most awesome places to dance the night away.  it is essentially in the Eiffel Tower, outside.  Great music and cool ambiance.. . For the cons. While the room was very nice, there was one thing that caught my attention since I could not miss it.  The full length mirror was on the inside of the bathroom door. While most of you may think - So What?  When the door was closed and you are doing your do on the "toilette", you get a nice view of yourself in all your glory.  Now thankfully, I am not shy, but I'd rather be focusing on something else.  However, I got a chance to see what I really look like posed in all of my glory.  I found out that I look like the statue "The Thinker".  So there is a pro in that con, I think??.  . . In the halls too I noticed dirty glasses sitting there for days, literally.  By day 3, they were finally gone.  Room service was timely, although the food was not that great and expensive as all heck.  For the prices they were charging, I expected much better.  They also wanted to charge $14 for a pot of coffee!!  Now Las Vegas prices are ridiculous in general, but I thought that was extreme.  . . Also, if you get a room facing the pool expect to hear the booming noise from the club.  The hotel staff expect that you might complain and can give you with ear plugs, but for a 4/5 star hotel, I would expect them to better equip their rooms with sound barriers.  Last thing they could work on is making sure the hall ways and other areas are kept up with any needed repairs.  We noticed a nice hole in one of the walls in the hallways.  I'm sure they are making enough money that that could have been patched up.. . Other than those cons, I still very much liked the hotel for my first visit.  I personally could deal with those cons because it did not disrupt me enjoying my trip.
We stayed here last week and we found the hotel to be pleasant,  the pool's view of The Eiffel Tower is amazing , Their outdoor and indoor Jacuzzis Are amazing as well . The fitness room is decent  with  complimentary snacks and lemon water . The women's locker area & showers were very nice they provide Shaving cream shower gel, shampoo & conditioner,  free razors . The had a nice set up with hair dryers flat irons curling iron mousse & hair spray
Didn't stay here, but went to the casino bar for a drink and the bartender there makes a mean dirty martini.
The pizza from the little window pizzeria is yummy. Everything from Mon Ami Gabby is yummy. Decent rooms and casino floor. The eiffel tower is fun to go up if you've never done it before. Yummy room service as well
Great location!! Some hotels and casino give a shit & are happy to have you. This is not one. Beautiful property.
Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.  I can't believe the hotel would hold a rave while a conference was happening.  The music was shaking my windows.  They should have faced the sound towards the Strip, not the hotel.  Service and food were good.  Enjoyed being a Diamonds Reward Member and getting things free like in the Diamond Lounge and a free trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
When ur looking for a hotel its all about location location location.  Paris hotel is in prime location.  Obvioiusly, not the nicest hotel on the strip but its in the middle of everything...directly across the street from the Bellagio.  It's not really a place for young people as the Chateau night club isn't the most happening spot on the strip.  Poolside is decent...right below the Eifel Tower.  Glass elevator brings you up to the Eifel tower restaurant on its 11th floor....excellent French food...great ambiance...great layout and great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Like I said...the hotel is not the greatest scene of the strip, but a decent place to rest your head considering its in the best location on the strip...in the middle of everything!  Great place for people in their 40's and 50's.
Hotel is about 12 years old which is ancient in Vegas time but is in very good shape and you can't beat the location. Price was very reasonable and they have early check in for $15 so you don't have to wait till 3 or 4 pm if you get in at noon. Room was decent size and clean. Everyone on staff was friendly and helpful. Pastry shop was hard to pass up every day and the Eiffel Tower restaurant is truly 5 star. Small enough to navigate around to the shops and restaurants and casino without getting lost like in some of the other hotels.
Time to update my last review.  The same points still apply, however since then we've been to the nightclub here a few times, Chateau.  It's a pretty cool place to go and has added a different element to the resort experience here.. . We've also dined at Mon Ami Gabi a few times as well.  Excellent restaurant with an inside/outside feel.  Dining on the patio is great for people watching.. . With these new experiences combined with our past experiences, this is one of our fav's to visit on the Strip.. . Return Factor - 88%
I don't know what it is about this place, but I love it. . . I always win big here on the slots. Last time the first .25 cents I won $50. I imagine my good luck charm here is the gigantic frozen daiquiris in the Eiffel Tower cups. Man, those things are delicious, and will get you nice and drunk. . . This place is very cheesy, but I love it anyways. No, it's nothing like Paris, but it's still cute, and a fun casino. . . I know nothing about the hotel, it seems overpriced for the quality. But has a great central location on the strip. . . I do want to go up in the Eiffel Tower sometimes,I just hope the walk up isn't as much of a pain in the ass as the real Eiffel Tower.
Came here to eat at Mon Ami Gabi and walked through the hotel and casino to get there. Parking is easy...just a short walk from the garage to the casino. I didn't stay in the hotel, but the lobby area and casino are nice and of course the view of the eiffel tower is great. My favorite was the restaurant...so see my review of the food there. It's situated right across from the Bellagio so the view of the fountain show is perfection!
One of my fave hotels in Vegas even though the inside looks pretty outdated.. . But the buffet and restaurants inside are really good.  Also, you can get through to Bally's through the "Paris Walk".
Good Spa, good quality food, good rooms ... Not the Ritz, but a great value.... . Wish I had won in the casino!! LOL. . Enjoy this Hotel!
I haven't stayed here but it's one of my favorite Vegas resorts to walk around. I love the themed decor (like you are strolling around the streets of Paree) and the views of the Strip from the Eiffel Tower are fantastic! If you time it right, you can even watch the Bellagio's fountain show from up there.
When you cannot go to Paris, France, then travelling to Las Vegas to visit the Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino is the next best thing to seeing the Eiffel Tower.. . I've stayed here on two different occasions to attend conventions.  Each time, the stay was top notch.  The rooms were modern, beautifully decorated, comfortable, and clean.  . . The staff was terrific.  We've gotten lucky each time because we've received terrific views of the strip at no extra charge!  . . Self parking at the Paris Las Vegas is easy, and it's conveniently close to the convention area.  The food places are pretty good.  Probably the best choice is Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse.  It's expensive, but the food is oh so good.. . Another plus is the ventilation system.  I find it much easier to breathe here compared to other places on the Strip.  The smoke doesn't bother me here nearly as much as elsewhere.. . If the price is right, then Paris Las Vegas is a wonderful place to stay.  It's centrally located to all the good places on the Las Vegas Strip.
Unlike other yelpers found, our room and 11th floor hallway  was not outdated in the least.  I, admittedly, tipped the front desk in the hopes of getting the best room available and we ended up with a great view of the pool, tower and Bellagio fountains.  Double king room was spacious and amenities were great.  Housekeeping failed to get to our room one day --- but, were quick to rectify the problem when we notified them.  The location is fantastic with easy, access Bally's and other casinos around it.  It is smaller than many of the other casinos.  I like that.  By the fifth day, I felt I knew almost everyone at the tables, and service was consistently fun, friendly and helpful.
The entire casino and restaurant/shopping area was absolutely stunning. I liked the outside as well because of the eifle tower and giant balloon which looked gorgeous lit up at night! The casino area was pretty small. I enjoyed dinner at Le Provencial (not 100% sure on spelling), the chicken penne pesto was outstanding. The buffet had a souvenir drink stand attached to it where I bought an eifle tower filled with pina colada and strawberry daiquiri, it was delicious and different from other places. I honestly just loved walking around inside because it was so gorgeous, next time I go to Vegas I'd love to stay here at least for one night.
