We were checking out Cosmopolitan and accidentaly came across this restaurant. When I looked at the menu I thought it was way overpriced, but then I realized I was in the brand new 5 star Las Vegas strip hotel, so it was OK. All restaurants in LV strip hotel are overpriced anyway.. Expect to order at least two dishes per person (around $30) because the portion is really small..  . We had:. - Guacamole. Really good but a bit salty. The tortillas are super good, the best I have   tasted so far.    . - Twenty veg fried rice. The best fried rice I have ever tasted, rice is cooked perfectly and the vegetables are super fresh. (I am Chinese, so I know my fried rice). - When pigs fly (steamed pork buns, dimsum style). So so. They used the really fatty part of the pork, so I can't really taste the meat when I bite into it.. - Chicken JiSong . It was OK, good, but not impressed.. - Unruly monk (vegetable noodle soup). Really good noodles, perfectly al dente. The soup is OK.. . So among the food I ordered I was most impressed by the fried rice. The portion was super small for $16, but it was good.. . Will visit this place again on another trip to Vegas.
Food is amazing!!!! Like every food item we ordered melted in my mouth. . . not a fan of the table layout - all the tables are very small and only 1 ft away from the next table...so if you get stuck to someone annoying they will become a part of your meal...not cool. . portion sizes are tiny - so you wind up ordering 3ish items per person which is ok but doesn't work well when you have such a small table
What do Mao Tse Tung and Frida Kahlo have in common?  Besides their intimate connections to communism and controversial personal lives, they also both appear as projected photographic wall art at China Poblano.  I adore Frida and collect mementos from her life.  I can't say the same for Mao but don't mind seeing his picture every so often at this restaurant.  China Poblano has a fresh concept, delicious food that mixes quality ingredients with creative combinations, and an artistic urban atmosphere.. . If you come alone, sit at the bar, it's communal and gives you a peek into the kitchen with cooks demonstrating their skills.  If you come with a group, sit by the wall with exhibits of colorful Chinese masks and Mexican figurines, which appear surprisingly similar when displayed together, (these tables also have cushioned benches that are much more comfortable than the ones under photographs of Mao & Frida).. . Everything is tapas style, we discovered about 2 items per person is a good amount of food.  Scallop dumplings are very tasty and served in authentic bamboo steamers.  I also love the Dan Dan Mian, wheat noodles in a spicy ground pork sauce.  Hot & sour soup has real content, not just broth.  But my favorite is the Singapore Sling, their signature cocktail.  It's very good gin paired with pineapple juice that they make in house plus other delicious things that come together for a fabulous concoction.. . They did forget a couple of our orders so it seems like management is still settling in.  All forgivable under this prismatic fun house where I can eat delectable fusion food.
My first time at the Cosmopolitan hotel and was hungry so went upstairs to find this restaurant! . Got seated right away and asked the server what their most popular dishes were from the China menu section and he told us couple options.. Bf ordered dan dan mian (kind of dry but was still delish) and I ordered the twenty-vegetable fried rice which was very delish!. I did not feel guilty after eating my dish because it was full of different types of vegetables!
We had a very enjoyable experience here. The service was outstanding and the food was delicious. Admittedly, though, we did not venture into any dishes on the China side of the menu. We opted to sit at the taco bar, which was kinda nice. . . For cocktails, we had the Salt Air Margarita and Mexican Mimosa. With the Mexican Mimosa, we ordered the first one with papaya juice (good, but a little boring) and the second one with guava juice (amazing). The Salt Air Margarita was particularly exceptional. Such a great and innovative way to do a margarita - and it definitely tasted far better than your typical margarita.. . We started off with the queso fundido. The fresh tortillas were fantastic, but the queso itself was a bit of a let down. Whileit was good (and we certainly ate all of it), it didn't have a lot of flavor to it. Basically, we were expecting more.. . We then shared two sets of two tacos - the barbacoa and Viva China. The barbacoa were incredibly delicious! So many great flavors, and just the right amounts of juiciness and crunch. The Viva China were interesting, but were quite salty. And the two Viva China tacos actually tasted different - one meatier and saltier, and one crispier and less salty. A good and interesting flavor experience, but we probably wouldn't order them again.. . For dessert we ordered the flan. It was unlike any flan we have experienced before. It was served with ice cream and these awesome seared-like pineapple squares. All the flavors together (flan, ice cream, and pineapple) were absolutely incredible! And it was all even better when paired with the guava Mexican Mimosa. One of the best desserts we've had in a long time.. . It was a little pricey (especially $6 for a bottle of Coke), but everything we had was delicious (so it was worth it). And the service was exceptional. Our server was very attentive and knew the menu well. One of the better service experiences we've had in awhile. And the space and decor is neat. Overall, great casual dining experience.
Everything is pretty small and served like tapas, but somehow its surprisingly filling.  There were definite highs and lows to this meal, but I think there were a few dishes that excelled while only a few weren't quite what we had hoped for.. . There was a big group of us so I managed to sample quite a big portion of the menu.. . Highlights:. . Carnitas tacos-served with guac, pork rinds, and a verde sauce!. . Like water for Chocolate- fried quail served with dragonfruit and edible flowers.  . . Chilaquilles- tortilla chips cooked in a pan with a salsa verde and cheese.  Kinda like nachos.. . Mango "sticky rice"- this is something quite interesting.  The sticky rice part was made into a mousse and ripe mangoes.  I've never seen this before and it was really cool.  The "rice" element were like rice crispies on top.  . . Chocolate "terrain"- Awesome chocolate mold of a Chinese soldier with a spicy chocolate mousse inside.  It was served with cookie crumbs to look like sand, and a ginger ice cream that was spicy and sweet all at the same time.. . Things to skip:. . Oceans Nest- fried noodles served with stirfried saucy seafood and veggies.  We ate all the lobster out of it and then left it there.  It was super bland.. . Lamb potstickers- pretty presentation with the little edible flowers and everything but it was bland and looked more exciting than it tasted.. . Overall, I thought the place had a whimsy to it that I thought was fun.  The ambiance was interesting and diverting, the waitress and wait staff were helpful and went out of their way to see to our requests.  While some of the food is a bit overpriced and small, I really enjoyed their desserts, there is something light hearted and comical about them.  They were the highlight of the meal.  If nothing else, come and have dessert and a laugh all at the same time.
I had a great meal here. Hostess was sweet, our server Bria?, was great. Love the margaritas, chilaquiles, tacos. The mexican food was on point. I will say that I thought the shu mai was a bit on the salty side, even without the soy based sauce - the one hazard of Jose Andres' food, but I love salt so it's ok. Dian Dian noodles ( spicy ground pork with peanut chile suase) didnt really do it for me personally. We did the cajeta flan and tres lychees for desert. Love the play on the name, but really couldnt have a second bite of the cake. Will  definitely go again, try out some more small plates
Chinese and Mexican under one roof? Weird, right?. . WRONG.  So good!  They recommend that you order 2-3 plates for each person and share.  So, almost like Chinese tapas... with a Mexican flair. Choices are available from dim sum, noodles, tacos, soups, etc.  We ordered some of the more traditional choices, like shu mai and tacos (both chicken and barbacoa), which were very good.  But the best were the off the beaten path items... the rainbow congee (soup with sausage, carrots, and snow peas) was delicious.  It seemed like it had polenta or some similar base, and the flavors complemented each other with the added crunch of the veggies.  By far, the wen rou salad was the best! Tofu and avocado were blended with a delicious citrus based sauce which was phenomenal.. . I see so many of the reviews talk of how expensive this place is.  OK, but it is the Cosmopolitan!! Hello! This place is one of the more reasonable in the hotel (even the buffet is $29 per person) and we were really glad to have eaten here instead.  We had two dishes each and we were not hungry at all.. . I would definitely go back.  The flavors were amazing!
We went to the Cosmo for a concert and thought a quick snack would be good before drinking the rest of the night.  The only restaurant without a long wait was China Poblano and while it wasn't our first choice, we weren't disappointed!  In fact, we were pleasantly surprised.. . The restaurant is very quirky in design with numerous tapas style dishes of Asian and Mexican influences.  They had cocktails from both ends of the globe, our cocktail of choice was the Singapore Sling (highly recommended) and we enjoyed some dishes from both origins.  Cochinita tacos were delicious, as were the Lemon Tree Shrimp.  All-in-all, a bit priceyfor the amount of food you get, but it was expected.  After-all, we were at the Cosmo.
china poblano is such an interesting place. i think that merging dim sum and taqueria is really cool. the place is really cool. has very interesting art everywhere and its nice to sit at eithr of the two bars to watch them make tacos or dimsum.. . i had ordered a singapore sling for my drink. i had no idea that any place had it besides the famous raffles hotel in singapore where it originated. it was soo good! very grapefruity, not too sweet. my friend had their specialty margarity wc was also amazing. they top it with this salted foam as opposed to rimming the glass with salt. very cool.. . for food we had the unruly monk wc is a noodle soup dish. nothing crazy. i thought it was alright. we had the  other noodle soup dish with the corn truffles. very interesting, had a good spice to it and loved he corn truffles. we had the twenty vegetable fried rice. pretty good but pretty standard. we also had the nice but naughty bamboo shoot salad. very refreshing. love the heart of palm in it. a little mayonaise-ey at times.. . on the mexican side we had the babrbacoa del res tacos. omg the beef was seasoned perfectly. so flavorful and cooked so well. the shrimp mojo was fantastic. perfect spice and had a roasted quality. the like water for chocolate was really interesting too. the lotus flowers were tasty.the sauce was fruity and on the berry side.. . for desert we had the flan. very good with slices of roasted pineapples drenched in vanilla bean. and the ginger ice cream was great. i also had tried their sticky mango rice dessert. it is not your typical sticky amngo rice. it is the modern version. it was the deconstructed version.. . all in all a great culinary experience with very interesting fusions. a greta menu, from lamb potsitckers to duck tongue! ambiance is great. casual and very fun. could get pricey once you start ordering you just cant stop! u wanna try everything! and it helps that its at cosmopolitan hotel, the best one on the strip right now.
I LOVED the tacos! . . My friend and I each ordered two because we wanted a snack before dinner. But they were so good that I ordered one more and she ordered two more. I didn't know it was a restaurant by Andres until I overheard a server telling another table. I wasn't surprised each taco was $5 because I'm used to overpaying in Vegas but it was well worth it! Each taco was so flavorful!. . Conchinita - bbq pork with magenta-colored marinated onions. . Barbacoa del Res- bbq beef with chile and pickled cactus. . Pancita al Pastor - pork belly with pineapple
I'm glad I tried this place despite the 3 star average rating from the Yelpers!   This place is great if you are in the mood to step out-side the box. . . We came with a group of people (which I think is the key to really maximizing your enjoyment to this place) because you can order a larger variety of items and share in the experience.  . . - When Pigs Fly  - Good. - Har Gau (shimp/pork belly) - Good. - Pozole Rojo - I can make a better version. - Carnitas - OMG A must try!. - Polla a la Parilla - Good. - Guacamole - it was on the spicy side - I liked it my table-mates didn't. - Tuna Ceviche - pretty tasty. - Tres Lychees (dessert) was SO good!!!!. . I'm glad I tried this place.
China Poblano was a win with me. However, the $80 bill for 2 people who ordered 4 little plates of food and 2 beers was not completely winning with me. . . Ok, I understand, you pay for the name. Jose Andres is a brilliant chef. The idea of mixing Mexican food and Chinese food is ingenious. . . The food was good, the service was great. the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich with red braised pork was super delicious. The When Pigs Fly were Bao buns filled with pork. Although they were good, I have had better for way cheaper in Chinatown. We had a Barbacoa de Res taco and Pancita al Pastor taco. Both were good but keep in mind you are paying $5 for one small sized "street taco.". . I m still rating it 4 stars because the atmosphere was fun and the service was great. The servers really take the time to explain the menu. If I go back, I would like to try one of the many "smoking" drinks I saw getting passed around. . . Great concept but do not expect street food prices.
I read a recent review about this restaurant in the LA times, so I decided to give it a try on my most recent visit.   The food was eclectic and spectacular.  . . the decor was fun.  a mix of Chinese and Mexican art.  On one wall was a panel of different Chinese opera masks and Mexican art pieces.  The other wall had two large video screens with images of Chinese and Mexican people which changes.  The feel was casual and elegant at the same time.. . Our server was Nicole.  She was very courteous, knowledgeable, and gave great recommendations on food.  On her suggestion, we ordered the day's special:  marinated beef skirt steak with poblano peppers.  It was full of flavor.  It tasted better with their homemade guacamole and tortillas.  I also tried the duck tongue taco.  I know it sounds strange, but the flavor was great:  sweet with a crunchy texture of the tongue.  It had a few pieces of lychee fruit on top also.  The scallop ceviche was fun too.  a fresh scallop served on top of a small wedge of lime.  You're supposed to put the scallop in your mouth while squeezing out the lime juice at the same time.  Lastly, the dessert was excellent.  I don't remember the name of the dessert, but it came in a chocolate shell in the shape of a Chinese soldier filled with chocolate mousse served on top of ginger ice cream...very unique.. . Overall, a great experience.  It's a fun restaurant.  The main downside is the price.  the dessert itself cost more than any other of the dishes we ordered.  The food is served tapas style, so you only get a small amount per order.  . . we ate mostly from the mexican menu on this visit.  On the next visit, I'm gonna try some of the Asian fare.
So I finally got to try this place!  I like the ambiance and the food is really good.  Unique tacos that are really tasty and a lot of vegan and vegetarian options.  However, the carnitas tacos with the pork rinds are really tasty if you love pig like I do.. . Service was impeccable.  Can't wait to come back and try more.
Pomegranate Margarita with sea salt foam.  To go, pleez.
First, let me tell you what this place is NOT.  It's not cheap, although not terribly pricey by Vegas standards. If you want a cheap fast meal, I would recommend grabbing a couple slices at the Pizzaria upstairs.  It's not really Fusion, since most of the dishes are clearly either Mexican or Chinese, with only a couple that successfully fuse the two.  It's also not a fine dining experience you would expect at some of Jose Andres' other restaurants. . . However, we did enjoy excellent service and very tasty and often creative food. The server was very knowledgable about the menu and seemed enthusiastic about the food. Service was very attentive and the manager even stopped by to make sure everything was good. . . They have two nice open kitchens where you can see homemade dim sum made next to handmade tortillas. We mostly tried the Chinese dishes, since we have plenty of good Mexican in LA. The lamb potstickers are juicy, delicious, and beautifully presented.  The 20 vegetable fried rice is probably the best fried rice I have ever had. We also tried the chilaquilles, which were delicious and filling. The tacos seemed pricey at $5 a piece, but we didn't try any. The mango sticky rice was very light and refreshing, but don't expect any actual sticky rice.  Try the "tea for two" for an interesting cocktail. Overall, it was a very good dining experience although not necessarily the best value.
Take this with a grain of salt, because I was in Vegas. . carnitas. . sticky buns. . el pastor. . chips and salsa. . barbacoa. . it was good, I was drunk, I don't remember
Fortunately or unfortunately China Poblano is located on the second floor of the new, cool, hip Cosmopolitan hotel right across from the Marquee nightclub entrance.  If you don't like large crowds, this is unfortunate, if you like to see a lot of pretty people dressed in their sexy Saturday night bests, which is what you should expect when you even think about going to the cosmo, you will feel right at home.  I wasn't expecting much from China Poblano after reading all the negative yelps, but I was pleasantly surprised.  You cannot go to a high end Chinese or Mexican restaurant ready to compare it to the tastes and prices of hole in the wall joints in Sgv or East LA.  That is the problem of a lot of yelpers out there.  You have to realize your surroundings, you are in a high end hotel in Vegas and a Jose Andres restaurant.  You should know what to expect in prices, but you should also know you are getting good fresh ingredients and beautiful decor.  And last, you need to try the food with an open palate and not expecting the tastes that you grew up with at neighborhood restaurant.  Here's what I tried:. . Carnitas taco - excellent. Barbacoa taco - good. BBQ pork buns: different, but good, no your typical fatty pork. Shu Mai: again different, but good. Ha gao:  ok. Glass noodle salad: excellent and refreshing. Mole fries:  not too good. Queso fundido with chorizo: excellent. Chicken and rice soup :  spicy but good. . There are also two food bars you can sit at, one has a view of authentic Chinese people making dim sum and the other has Hispanic people preparing guacamole and other yummy foods,  which I thought was pretty cool.. . We had a great meal and good service, definitely worth a try, and I will definitely be back.  Just be prepared to eat with an open mind and an open wallet, lol..........
MEXICAN? CHINESE? CHINEXICAN??! W-H-A-T? . . Ok, now that I've figured that out I can say that this place was amazing. I've heard great things but honestly I never let comments affect my opinion before I eat somewhere.. . There were a few meals that were definitely family sized including both the 20 vegetable fried rice(a must have) and the noodle/soup dishes. The tacos themselves are very different and each has its own unique taste/texture. Duck tongue taco? Yes please!. . There was a problem with one of the dishes and it literally came out about 10-15 minutes after we were done eating so we no longer wanted it. Service was a bit poor and inattentive aside from the food mix-up but the food was so tasty that I barely wanted to take off a star.
A Chexican -- just like me!. . From the outside, this place looks a little tacky, but the food is great... I would say the Mexican food is a little better than the Chinese food, but either way, you can't really go wrong, and some of the fusion dishes aren't too bad either. The agua frescas are pretty legit, and the service was really nice. The presentation is pretty hip and unique, just like the Cosmopolitan itself. . . My family and I came here after waiting eleventy thousand years for some other restaurant upstairs that had fish that was supposed to look appetizing... We were more than impressed with this place. Thank you, China Poblano! You make me feel like I'm at home.
I really enjoyed our dining experience here. If I could live on a diet of  just salt air margaritas, I would.  What a delightful concoction! We went for more of a Mexican feast than Chinese, so here is the breakdown.. . The Tacos: . Pancita al Pastor (slow-cooked pork belly/ pineapple) - Great play on flavors. The pork belly had good crispness to it and complemented the pineapple. . . Viva China* (soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce) - My husband's favorite. Great fusion taco. The tendon was cooked just right. . . Silencio (duck tongue/ fresh lychee) - Neither of us had tried duck tongue before, so we had to try it. FANTASTIC! The sauce had a bit of spice to it that really made work. . . Barbacoa de Res (Oaxacan-style barbeque beef/guajillo chile/ pickled cactus paddle) - The was a big taco filled with flavorful barbacoa and nopales. I'm not sure if it was worth the price, but it was tasty. . . Carnitas (braised baby pig/pork rinds/ spicy salsa verde cruda) - This was the favorite of the night. The carnitas were perfect, but the addition of the pork rinds really made this taco off the chain! We could have eaten 10 of these. . . The Rest:. Huitlacoche Noodles (wild mushrooms/ fresh Mexican corn truffle/ knife-shaved noodles) - The huitlacoche actually worked well in this dish. I wasn't sure going in, but felt adventurous. The noodles were cooked perfectly. This is a dish that is big enough to share. This dish was surprisingly spicy, so beware. . . Queso Fundido (melted chihuahua cheese/tequila blanco/fresh tortillas...with chorizo) - TASTY! Maybe a bit expensive. It reminded me of being with family in Mexico and eating fresh tortillas off of the comal with cheese. . . Mango Sticky Rice - The was actually a cream of sweet rice on top of Mango shave ice topped with crispy rice (think rice krispies) and fresh mango. Very refreshing! . . Our server was attentive and the manager even came by the see if we were satisfied. Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience.
Don't be FOOLED like me by the exterior! It looked like a normal restaurant from a glance but it isn't! as you can tell by the store name its a fusion of asain/mexican food. My BF brought be here recently to eat their tacos. I must say it was one of the BEST tacos I've had and I LOVE soft tacos from trucks to stores. Their Carnita taco was SO GOOD. The meat was very very soft and moist. It just shreds so easily. The sauce was sweet and a very soft hit of lime which was PERFECT. I also had the chicken taco was to me was just okay. The chicken tasted good but the sauce was a little to strong for me. I also had the Al Pastor. The meat was also again SUPERB. The slice of pineapple, at first i was skeptical, but they complemented the meat so well. YOU MUST try that one. We also had the hot and sour soup. It was again very delish. It wasn't the typical hot and sour soup that has A LOT of pepper it was more sour in a differen't way. The chicken pieces were cooked to perfection. It was so soft and moist. Easy to eat. My favorite was the chips and salsa. The salsa to me was either a hit or miss with people. Its either you like it or you don't because it has a some particular strong flavor. I LOVED it. I kept on eating it and my boyfriend just stared at me. This is a place you def need to try. Although its a bit on the pricey side what isn't in Vegas?  and you ARE IN VEGAS! WHY NOT! just do it! :)
My friend and I came across this lil restaurant after searching for a quick bite to eat before our show.  We thought it would be fast food Chinese and Mexican under one roof, but it's actually a fusion of the two.  The decorations inside were a bit off, but with Vegas anything goes.  The menu was more small eats/ tapas/ small portion type foods instead of large plates for each person, so sharing is a good idea.  I was a little skeptical about how the food would taste but it was actually good.  We ordered - . . 1) Queso Fundido - like a melted cheese and you eat it with corn tortillas.  Kind of a small portion, and somewhat expensive, but it was still good. . 2) Pancita al Pastor - pork and pineapple taco.  It was small, but it was really good.. 3) Hot and Sour Soup - came in a super large bowl, and tasted much better than the typical take out.  I think they added some mexican spices to this soup. 4) Chips and Salsa - typical . . Our bill came out to about $30, but it definitely was a light sit down meal, not really a full dinner meal.  All in all I was satisfied and the service was good, our waitress was very attentive and the manager stopped by our table to see how we were enjoying our food.
Review:  20 Veg Fried Rice / Red Braised Pork Street Sandwich. . We specifically went to this restaurant to try the 20 Veg Fried Rice ($17.88) that was featured on Foodnetwork's "Best Thing I Ever Ate."  LOVED it!  I wish I could duplicate the sauce.  Big bowl, definitely feeds 2 as a main dish, 3-4 as a side.  My husband had the Red Braised Pork Street Sandwich ($8) and he said it was very good.  Pricey though for a very small sandwich.  Still, the quality is outstanding and I'd rather eat less and pay more for great food.  Bench style seating on community tables is hard on the back (no back rests); very sleek modern style - interesting ever changing graphics projected on the walls.  I'd go back for the Veg Fried Rice and would like to try their other food.  Great quality!
Went here close to a month ago and just getting around to posting a review. We've tried several other restaurants at the Cosmo and have become fans of the resort and it's food offerings. The experience started off not so great, with the hostess service a bit frenzied and disorganized. There was no one at the hostess area and a bunch of us milling by the entrance not sure what was going on. Once seated, everything changed. The server was awesome...cheerful, knowledgeable and attentive. The service seemed a bit rushed at times. We ordered six different things and the time in between servings was sometimes not enough. I have no problem with the portions, which are on the small side and for the most part really aren't suitable for sharing unless you order a bunch of things.   I'm always about quality and not quantity, and the quality was excellent. These dishes, sauces, etc. aren't just slapped together. They are creative, complex and well executed. The prices for small plates is high, but again, Cosmo on the Strip, what do you expect.  Now for the food: . . Vegetable spring roll - delicious, but nothing really set it apart from all the other good spring rolls. . . Dan Dan Mian - wheat noodles in a spicy pork sauce. OMG. It's been a month and I still can't stop thinking about it. . . 20 vegetable fried rice. The price will blow you away, but have to say we really enjoyed it. The time and effort that goes into this dish is incredible and you can literally identify all 20 vegetables finely chopped in perfect proportions. . . Carnitas taco - awesome. The spicy verde cruda sauce...I asked for a side dish of it and almost drank it. . . Pancita al pastor. Had never tried pork belly, and the combination with pineapple was intriguing. Good, but not my favorite. . . Queso Fundido - outstanding, with a nice slightly burnt top to the cheese, perfect texture and great tortillas.. . The beer was cold but could have been colder.. . Will definitely be back.
Though Mexican-Chinese fusion food is not new (the same idea was done in the northern Mexican city of Monterrey, with its upscale "Chino Latino" restaurant), this restaurant can hold its own. The decor is modern, kitsch, and very inviting. Seating is limited at night, so make sure to make a reservation. The food here is actually not "fusion", per se, as asian-inspired and Mexican dishes are served on their own, and not "mixed". So, you can order pork dumplings and carnitas tacos separately. I believe this idea is lazy, but I would rather have well executed authentic food, rather than a failed attempt at some fusion. The Cochinita Pibil tacos are delicious, perfectly seasoned and very authentic. They taste very similar to what to would eat at the Yucatan peninsula. Of course, here they are way overpriced and served on a special taco gadget that keeps tacos standing up (to prevent spillage, I would assume). The Barbacoa tacos are also very authentic tasting, as well as the Pork Belly tacos. We also tried the 20-vegetable Fried Rice, as we'd previously seen someone on the Food Network claim it was the "best thing they ever ate" in Las Vegas. I would not go as far as saying it was the best thing here, but it is delicious. The "Mexican mimosas" are also very refreshing, though there is no such thing as a "Mexican mimosa"... The Margaritas, on the other hand, are modern and very tasty, as the salt element is done as a foam instead of only as a rim on the glass. Inventive and great. Do not order the Cajeta Flan, as it has NOTHING to do with a Mexican flan. I understand the chef was trying to add his own spin to this traditional dish, but I believe he should stick to what he knows best. It was nice, but it should not be named "flan", as it was more of a "crema catalana" (a typical dessert of the Catalunya region of Spain). The tortillas are hand-made, and you can reall taste the difference! I have to go back to try the Asian food. Overall, portions are tiny, so be prepared to order 4-5 per person. It is not cheap for the same reason. But, I will definitely come back.
Really nice food from an unusual restaurant that is both Mexican and Chinese. I went for all Mexican food - since can have Chinese food any time!. . First dish was basically tortilla chips/nachos with cheese, peppers and chorizo. Tasted delicious. I also had a couple tacos. Not the hard crispy things you get in the UK but almost like savoury pancakes. Nice and juicy. I had one with pork and another one with a fish. However, I think they may have been some confusion as one taco came late and it tasted like pork - and not any sort of fish I  have had before.
My favorite of The Cosmopolitan restaurants, this unusual but excellent restaurant by Jose Andres is casual, fun, and excellent. The menu offers dishes that I have never experienced, especially in their combinations. It was artfully presented, and the taste was pure delight. I loved the Dan Dan noodles, the guacamole was heavenly, and the sticky rice may be one of the best desserts in Vegas. This is an affordable and wonderful experience that I highly recommend, and hats off to the waiters for informed and engaging service.
I loved this place! The atmosphere is fun and exciting. Ok, for all of you complaining about prices...really? You expect to spend $1.50 on a taco in the cosmopolitan? Seriously? This is not the place. The prices are not outrageous for Cosmopolitan prices. You pay for location.. . Must haves:. Salt Air Margaritas!!!! These were divine. The salt foam is interesting in a good way. Our table could not stop ordering them.. Sui Mai! Small, but DELICIOUS and they have gold flakes. Come on!. Gaucamole - spicy, but exceptional quality great with tortillas or the chips. Queso Fundido was good, but not over the top delicious. Viva China taco. Scallop Ceviche! These come out as little scallop shooters on half limes. You shoot the scallop and squeeze the lime with the spices on it. SO GOOD. Along with the margaritas these were our favorite of the evening.. When Pigs Fly - Great pork buns, better than most dim sum I've had. Not too much bread.. . Meh:. Lobster taco - didn't care for it. Porkbelly taco - too much sauce!. Ten Treasure - too little flavor compared to everything else. . Overall great place even just for a drink (margarita) and a snack. I would love to come back and order the scallop ceviche again!
This review is only for the Mexican food at China Poblano. The pork carnitas tacos and fried fish tacos are really good. They're about $4.50 each which seems like a lot, but I think it's reasonable for good quality food on the strip. Everything is a la carte, so I'd recommend the chips and guacamole too. . . Service is pretty fast, and location is ideal - right by Marquee. Perfect for quick food after the day club.
This is definitely a go to spot when I'm in Vegas and if you're in town you should give it a try but that being said I would lean more toward the Mexican side of the menu (not because I'm half Mexican either) and less on the Chinese side. So for the record I love Chinese food...I do live in Alhambra...one of LA County's Asian food Meccas.. . I was hearing about how bomb China Poblano's tacos were and I was like "ahhh tacos are tacos"... right? . . NO...not so much. The first time I ordered we ordered Lobster, Carnitas and Chicken tacos. Each taco has it's flavorful meat lay on a freshly made warm tasty corn tortilla. Also, a bit of fresh in house made salsas that are loaded with flavor and not so heavy on spice and some fresh cilantro are added.  I have to say each and every taco I tasted was fantastic. . . However, the stand out star of the show in my humble little opinion is the Carnitas Taco, it is a very succulent braised baby pork meat... but it is topped off with an in house made small fried pork rind. Can I say that after I had that little added crunch in my taco...I thought to myself "why in the hell didn't I think of that". If you've had chips in your sandwich you know what I'm talking about. This extra little crunch make it pop and sets it apart from all other tacos. Ohhh...yum! The freshly made guacamole is so so good, perfectly made and even there chips are very very good and there just chips!. . In addition to ordering the tacos the first time we ordered some Chinese food too. I love veggies ...very big on vegetables and among my favorite is eggplant. Naturally I ordered the Dancing Eggplant from menu and the Lemon Pepper Shrimp dish. The shrimp was a little to spicy for me personally but it was fine, nothing to write home about but not bad. . . The only item that went array was the eggplant. I don't understand how anyone could go wrong with eggplant...it is so meaty and absorbs flavor when cooking it like no other veggie. Not only was this the worse eggplant dish I've ever tasted it was the worst tasting food I've ever eaten period! I think it must have been steamed and it was if someone sucked all the flavor and life out of it...nasty. Sorry CP it was bad. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5. However, as horrible as that dish was everything else I've had and every time I've eaten there I enjoy it. . . By the way you can dine in or order take out...and eat it in your room. Oh and it is on the pricey side for tapas style food...but hey it's Vegas :) . Enjoy!
Had Setas taco and bejing glass. Food was FRESH and not oversauced. Service was STELLER. Went at around 5:30 pm. Not busy at all. Experience was refreshing after all the Vegas hustlers.
We came here to eat before going to the marquee pool cause we were starving. I know I know, we're going to have a full belly right before we have to be in our swim suits.. but we can't go hungry! This is not the Yelp way! Deciding between Chinese/Mexican and burgers, since they were the only two restaurants right next to marquee, we decided on the first. When in vegas and you want a decent, quick meal without spending a ton of money, I'd say this place was pretty good! One thing I did not like -1 star is that they charged me wrong! I looked at my signed receipt and the amount charged on my card and noticed a $15 difference! It's too small to even complain about but that wasn't cool.... . We ordered: . Silencio taco - duck tongue, definitely interesting. The lychee flavor wasn't very strong though. Pancita pastor taco - pork belly, had too much sauce. Rainbow congee - not the normal items that you usually see in a congee, but still tasty to me. Unruly monk noodle soup - this was way too salty. Ten treasures noodle soup - yum!. Like water chocolate - fried quail egg and dragon fruit - definitely a unique mix but worth a try!
This is truly an original concept.  I must say that I enjoy Cuban-Chinese food better, but this restaurant knows better than to go down the fusion route.  It is a truly fun place.  It is pricey but a good bargain by Las Vegas strip standards.  I enjoyed the 20 vegetable fried rice.  It gives you an interesting combo of flavors.  The pork sandwich is a winner, as is the langosto taco and the pan fried noodles.  Is it truly authentic: no.  If you are looking for dim sum or true Chinese or Mexican cuisine you will be disappointed.  However, it you enjoy creativity, and a restaurant willing to push the envelope with a fun atmosphere this is a great place.  I look forward to returning!
Was there for the chef event but have to say I liked the atmosphere and setting.  The food was good of course but I don't think our offerings were menu-based per say.  My fav. was the fish tacos.  The Ceviche seemed really salty.   I'd go back but don't know the regular prices so I can't attest to the value...
AMAZING tacos, pretty good other things.. . My friend is a huge fan of the chef who created this restaurant so we came here at her request. . . I ordered three tacos:. . Viva China (beef tendon and oysters) $5.50: Delicious! A very strange combination especially when on a taco, but hot damn was it good (yeah, I just said hot damn).. . Lengua (beef tongue) $4: REALLY delicious! Easily the best flavored beef tongue I've ever had. . . Carnitas (pork, green sauce, and pork rinds) $4.50: I was a bit thrown off by the pork rind, but it really worked! Its a hard call, but this was probably my favorite taco.. . The three were pretty darn small, but hey they were bomb.. . The traditional Sui Mai (mini dumplings) were really good. But everything else I tasted food-wise was just ok. . . The drinks however were all delicious. Great selection and bar tending.. . The service was also great. So this place isn't cheap, but if you want some different/awesome tacos, you may have found your spot!. . Here is the menu: http://www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com/pdf/menu/ChinaPoblanoUpdated.pdf
This is a hidden gem of a restaurant. Very surprised at how good the food was. Quick service too.
No lie, the neon lights drew me in.  One screamed "Mexican Food" and the other "Chinese Food" - made me curious.  Not to mention, a Chinese woman making fresh noodles in one window while a Mexican women with her tortillas in another window.. . The menu made me just as curious - fancy tacos.  Each taco between $4-6, but with ridiculous combinations.  I tried:. . Viva China - Kumamoto steamed oyster, beef tendon, Sichuan sauce - the beef tendon was absolutely delicious with a wonderful crispy/chewy texture, but it was unfortunately overpowered by the oyster.  Two strong flavors that battled it out, but didn't come together in the end.. . Carnitas - Deliciously braised pork complete with large chicharrones, perfectly complemented with a salsa verde - I could have had a few of those.. . . Also had the Chilaquiles off the brunch menu - reminded me of super soaked nachos with a fried egg on top.  The table loved it.. . Huitlacoche Noodles - for mushroom lovers only, but if you love mushrooms and quite a hefty amount of spice - you'll love this dish.  They fail to mention the chiles in the dish.. . Chips & Salsa - the smoked flavor was strange at first but I grew to enjoy it.. . Salt Air Margarita - a very delicious margarita  in which case they salt is in the foam making each sip perfectly balanced.. . The service was great, the ambiance makes it a great lunch/brunch place.  Overall, a good place to try if you're near the Cosmopolitan.
Ok, this place is damn good. So damn good. The tacos were great, awesome combinations and ultimately this place is just very unexpected. the barbacoa and carnitas tacos are to die for...even the duck tongue was good(weird seeing little tongues in a tortilla but you get over it.) Because there were 4 of us, we decided to really sample the menu and try a lot of items...Lemon Tree Shrimp, Silencio, Barbacoa, Carnitas and Setas tacos and a few other things. The highlights for me besides the tacos were definitely the guacamole and tuna ceviche- I mean seriously, so friggin' good. Tasted the Salt Air Marg, eh whatever, not a big deal to me. . . Then, like everyone else, I agree...the bill came and I almost threw up all my food. $50 a person. We just got to Vegas. Shit. Not a good start! Next time, I will stick to one or two things and bring my own cocktail! SNAP!
SNACKS!  :). . Hit up CP for some late night snacks.....well.... it was around 11pm which is late for me to be eating.. . This is more like a 3.5 star place but I'm rounding up because the service was really good.. . In any case, there were 4 of us and we were sat quickly.  . It's a tapas-style restaurant that serves dim sum and mexican dishes.  Odd, I know but it works at this casual, unique, hip establishment.. . We ordered:. . Chips and Salsa - the Salsa was really good!  Good heat but not super hot... just great flavor.. . Papas Mole - These were 'ok'.... french fries with mole sauce.. . Chilaquiles - BEYOND YUM!  These are the reason I'd go back again.  Melty, crunchy, with just the right amount of "spice" ... but it wasn't "spicy" per se... it was just lots of great flavor!  :). . When Pigs Fly - not bad but I don't think I'd order them again... were rather plain. . Carnitas Tacos - YUM!  Definitely would get these again. . Lengua Taco - I didn't try these but the guy who ate it really liked it
While I was not that thrilled with the overall Mexican/Chinese concept or the decor of the place, the tacos I had were excellent.  I had the cochinita taco, barbacoa de res, and the carnitas taco.  I was surprised at how good and how different they all tasted.  Pass on the fries with the mole poblano sauce however-that was a miss.
While staying at the Cosmopolitan, we decided to venture away from the addicting "Secret" Pizza place that is on the same floor China Poblano is on.  Yes, this place is definitely pricey. Newsflash to everyone: EVERYTHING is overpriced in Vegas and if you don't want to spend money, stay home. . . My rating is based on service, selection and quality of food -not price.  . . We ordered "Cold Tea for Two" that combined the flavors of green tea, tequila, and beer; this was very refreshing and interestingly delicious.  The green tea in it made me feel less guilty about drinking alcohol so early in the day. . . Then we ordered their guacamole served with handmade tortillas -this guac is just like my mom's with generous slices of jalapenos! Best thing about the guac is that they make it to order from this huge mountain of avocados and you can choose how spicy to make it. The Guac was a meal in itself -but I felt like a vegetarian pig and ordered more.  . . The vegetable spring rolls were delicious and our waiter was so attentive about my needs that he let me know that the sauce had fish in it and made an alternative soy sauce to dip them into.  I ended up dipping them into that guacamole and felt like I was eating Asian taquitos... . . Then came the "Setas" taco made with wild mushrooms on top of MORE GUAC! -supper yummy! My carnivore boyfriend ordered the "Rou Ji Mo Street Sandwich" that looked more like a "gordita" with carnitas.  He said it was very tasty. . . Yes, there's more... We decided to try their "Tres Lychees" dessert that took the concept of a traditional "Tres Leches" Mexican cake and added lychees in three different forms: Lychee Ice Cream, Lychee whip cream, and fresh Lychees on top. Perfection!. . I will definitely return...
We ended up here about twice in just as many days, because there was almost too much to try in one sitting.  They've got a couple open kitchen stations - one for some of the Mexican items and another with a huge steamer for the Chinese dumplings, plus an area for making noodles.  I have to say that at the rather odd hours we were in, we didn't see much more than a few egg rolls being wrapped, however.. . They have a fairly large cocktail menu with some interesting, though confusing things, and notably have a couple Chinese beers by the bottle that I had not seen before.. . We tried a couple tacos - Silencio, with duck tongue and lychee, was quite good, the duck tongue being very approachable.  Viva China, with tendon and oyster, was similarly unthreatening.  In general, though the flavors were good and the textures were decent, these tacos put so many different components together thatthey often got lost in each other.. . Lamb Potstickers were good, and reasonably, but again not emphatically, lamby.. . Huitlacoche Noodles were a little disappointing.  The noodles had a nice texture, but we had a hard time detecting much huitlacoche flavor.. . The braised pork sandwich ( Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich ) was awesome, but about two bites.. . We came back specifically to try the Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice.  Expensive at $17.88, it is possible that they did in fact include 20 vegetables, cut into very small cubes, somewhere within the rather small portion.  But in the end it was just that:  fried rice.. . We were hoping to see a lot more fusion on the menu, but most dishes were segregated onto one side or the other.  We enjoyed both our experiences - the servers were accommodating, though very casual, and there was a lot to look at in the space, from the cooking going on to the walls of offbeat art.  Overall, and keeping in mind that this is in a fancy hotel casino in the middle of the desert, the food is remarkably good for the location.
My traveling companions decided to go and get pampered at a hotel spa and rely on a trained professional to provide some comfort into their lives, but I nixed that idea because for me comfort comes in the form of good food passing from my mouth to my belly.. . I found myself exploring the Cosmopolitan on my own when I came upon this unique second floor restaurant which announced Chinese food in one window and Mexican food in another.  I stopped to study the menu and learned it was exactly what I thought it to be, a restaurant specializing in dim sum, noodles and tacos.. . Since I was dining alone I was seated at the dim sum bar where I had a front row seat watching the ladies prepare, fill and fold fresh dumplings (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=zE32BWJoqOAZL4TmaNlT3w) and roll out fresh hand-cut noodles.  I decided to order from both the Chinese and Mexican menus in order to sample the cuisine a little bit better.. . For starters I ordered one of two Agua Frescas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=W60P4p4WhAKZMHqhVyGHmw) available at the time choosing one made of blood oranges and pomegranates.  From the Dim Sum menu I selected the Sui Mai Scallops made up of ground pork, bamboo, mushrooms and peanuts and the Har Gau which combined shrimp and pork belly in its filling.  From the Tacos menu I selected an individual Carnitas taco and the Pescado Frito taco.  I agreed to have my selections brought out as they were prepared.. . The Pescado Frito (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=8cIp34h9uM_xmdh4LajsUg) taco arrived first.  On paper this was supposed to be fried fish and a Mexican salsa, but the fish I had inside my taco certainly didn't seem fried.  No matter its preparation I liked it as the flaky fish was bursting with flavor and hot juices running amok.  This was a very simple but very good fish taco.. . The Carnitas taco (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=9WJy0kQq33M7dBVaCtAbNw) was up next.  This was braised baby pork, creamy guacamole, chicharrones and lime at its best.  When the server told me this was her favorite it took me just one bite to understand why.  If I really wanted to pig out I could have easily devoured another three of these.. . The dim sum were served in individual bamboo steamers with the lids left on until I was ready to enjoy.  This helped keep the little morsels hot and steamy while I worked on my tacos.. . I had the Har Gau (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=ugVecr8s4E13Ak4f0t3P8w) first.  These were quite unique as there was actually a pocket of broth inside the chewy, translucent shell much like what is usually experienced with xiao lung baos.  The shrimp was so fresh it was crunchy and while I didn't notice anything special with the added pork belly the juicy har gau was delicious enough to stand on its own.. . I saved the Sui Mai Scallops (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=OG_yUcneFS9wu0I9ejqQLg) for last.  These were easily some of the most eye-appealing sui mais I've ever had topped with a bit of tobiko and some micro greens.  In terms of flavor and originality it was another winner.  The soft peanuts mixed in with the pork and the mushrooms gave these a very pleasant earthiness.  I enjoyed each one slowly, and stayed in my seat contemplating the delicious food I just sampled until it was time to meet up with my friends again.. . Uh, guys, I won't be joining you for dinner tonight.  I'm stuffed!!
Best tacos I've ever had - outside of LA.. . Try the carnitas, pollo, and al pastor.  Thank me later :)
Very cool restaurant concept.  Service was great and the decor was awesome!  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was the fact that the noodles had way too much sauce.  The Mexican chiliquilas we had were FANTASTIC!  I would for sure go back for the Mexican food again, but not sure I would it the Chinese.
I have stopped getting horrified at prices of any establishment inside a Las Vegas strip hotel. Yes China Poblano is a bit overpriced in the general scheme of things, but for its kind, fairly normal. . . Came here for some food before heading into Marquee, since it's right in front of the club. We weren't too hungry but, kids, lots and lots of liquor on an empty stomach = wishing you were dead the next morning. So, light meals. I got the traditional siu mai and my friend got the queso fundido.. . Let me remind you that I was (mostly) sober at this point.. . The siu mai was bomb. Maybe I hadn't had siu mai for a while and really missed it. Maybe very slight intoxication made it yummier. Who knows? But I thought it was great. So great in fact that the day before the trip ended, I just had to come back.. . And yes, it was still good the second time around (and totally sober this time). Plus they had a dish called Like Water for Chocolate. Come on. Bookworm that I was, I could not resist. And yes it was good. Dragonfruit and rose petals and quail! Exotic and delicious.. . I'd definitely go back.
Chinese Mexican fusion.  Who ever heard of such a thing?  Two foods that most Americans love.  I'm not convinced that it works, but I really enjoyed trying it out.  I went there only once.  It was a food tasting, so I do not know the cost but I assume it is pricey.  It was really tasty and unique.  The atmosphere was typical of the Vegas strip, which is to say that it was super cool.  This place is definitely worth checking out, but I can't see it mass produced on a national scale.
If I could hire Jose Andres to come and cook for me every day, every meal ... I would.  We stopped in here for lunch one day.  Homemade corn tortillas are a definite WIN for me. . . The service was a bit on the slow side and the pace of food coming out was a bit weird, but the food was fantastic.  We even went back two days later for a quick lunch.  My favorite things there had to be the carnitas taco (with a homemade pork rind on top) and the guacamole (medium heat).. . Definitely a fan, but their service could improve.
Stuck with the poblano menu this first time... Must go back to try the china stuff! . Had three tacos, lengua and al pastor were my favorites and the guacamole rocks!
I was super excited to try this place over the weekend and was not disappointed!. . For those who say this place is overpriced, I say Vegas, in general, is overpriced.  I didn't come here looking for a cheap taco since I can get that at any food truck on any corner at home; I came here to experience a Jose Andres creation and I'm glad I did!. . The bf and I shared a few things:. . Barbacoa de Res taco - bbq beef with chili and cactus - YUM!. Pancita al Pastor taco - slow cooked pork belly with pineapple - My Fave!!!. Refried Bean taco - black beans with chipotle salsa and queso fresco (probably the BEST refried beans I have ever had - totally unexpected!). Queso Fundido with chorizo - served with tortillas and really good.  It's not as greasy as some of the queso i've had before (Tres Agaves), so that's a huge plus!. Dan Dan Mian - wheat noodles with a spicy ground pork sauce - super good, a little sweet.. . It sounds like a lot, but the tacos are pretty small and we didn't eat all the queso, though it was so good, I feel like I could have.. . A highlight to the experience was Chef Andres, himself, in the restaurant.  I was tempted to ask for a picture with him, but refrained as he looked pretty busy with his staff.. . All in all a good experience - I will definitely be back!
Stopped in the Cosmopolitan and were looking for a different style restaurant to try and we came across China Poblano. We had looked into Jose Andres' other restaurant but it exceeded our budget a bit and we saw this place we thought it would be a fun place to try. Hostess was really nice and made us a reservation for later that night. We did have to wait a little bit for our table when it didn't look particularly crowded later on when we came back, but nothing to really complain over. . . Service: was good. nothing extremely noteworthy but I felt like they checked in on us frequently enought and the food was out in a reasonable amount of time. Our waiter sugessted some of his favorites and overall I think the service was nice. . . Cocktails: I had the Lemon Drop which is a "noodle" inspired cocktail that comes with chopsticks. I didn't love it and for $12 a pop I wanted to love it. After a few sips the noodles got to be annoying and it was a little too sweet for my taste and I like sweet. . . Food: we ordered some appetizers. Got the lamb potstickers Stuck on You. I liked them but I wish the lamb had a bit more flavor to it. Needed more seasoning of some sort. For my entree I got the Ocean Nest which is scallops/shrimp/king crab/lobster/pan-fried egg noodles/ seasonal vegetables. Heads are on the shrimp so if that freaks you out its good to know before hand. I really loved the broth of the dish and the whole thing all together, but it was really difficult to eat. By that I mean you can't look cute eating what looks like a birds nest of tightly wound noodles, especially with chopsticks. . . I like the setting of the restaurant. It's a nice space. I would come back again but maybe try the Mexican half of the menu.
Best carne asada tacos... Meat was sooooooo tender and flavorful. Will definitely come again!
***3.5 STARS***. . Enjoyed it.  Menu could still use a little refining - but amidst the overpriced nature of the Strip - this place was exciting food at a reasonable price.. . A few thoughts:. -love the decor inside.  funky and fun - highlighted by the chinese fertility dolls in the middle/center, which are also where people sit while waiting for a table.. . -cocktails were great.  had the salt drink, as described by others, and it was phenomenal.. . -excellent service.  Ali, our waiter, was attentive and just a very nice dude.. . . And, food was a really unique mix of flavors.  Loved the tuna ceviche dish.  Also the eggplant was really different (in a good way), loved the consistency of it.. . If I was to give this place a few suggestions it would be: a little less red meat/pork on the menu; tacos, as described by others, were a little greasy; and while the eggplant itself was cooked very well, the sauce on it was a little too heavy.. . Lastly, GET THE CHIPS AND SALSA.  Some of the best I've ever had.
Writing this review to counter some of the low ratings, which surprised me after I had a positive experience with the restaurant.. Yes, prices are higher, but what else would one expect for Las Vegas, let alone a Jose Andres restaurant?  Be prepared to drop at least $60 for 2 people, but it does provide some unique dishes and ambiance that makes it worth going.  . . Went there when the brunch menu was up.  A rundown of some of the items we got:. Barbacoa Taco-- the beef was soft, tender, and flavorful.  Cactus added a good texture.  Great taco choice.. Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich-- tiny and cute, but also very tasty.  Didn't know what to expect, but essentially a small circular pita-like bread and some braised pork put in the pocket.  Tender pork and fried bread=yum.  . Carne Machaca-- probably the least impressive dish, the spicy sauce overpowered the whole dish and the beef cut into strips was chewy and dry, not very tasty.  I wouldn't recommend getting this.... **Chilaquiles con Chorizo-- comes served in a small skillet, and DELICIOUS, hearty and filling.  Great balance of sauce, tortillas, chorizo, egg and CHEESE.  Seemingly simple, but the quality of ingredients makes a difference.  YUM.  If you go to brunch, I HIGHLY recommend getting this dish!!!  This dish made the trip worth it.. **Tres Lychees-- was originally debating between this or the mango sticky rice for dessert.  Definitely made the RIGHT choice in going with this!!  The lychee cake was topped with fresh lychees, lychee sorbet, and a rum foam.  The rum foam was a bit much, but the lychee sorbet was fantastic.  Lychee sorbet + lychee cake = best dessert choice, indeed.. . **Best of the meal.  I would get these dishes over again.  Bam.. . Very filling and tasty, and we had a very attentive server (Christin) who wasn't annoyed that we kept adding to our order as we continued (instead of ordering at once). And the food came out in a timely manner.  Only mistake is that they gave us Chilaquiles when we hadn't ordered it, and they apologized and found the rightful customers.  But after seeing it, we decided to order it and was fantastic decision!   I'm grateful for the happy mistake.
I had to edit my review because I gave a low rating the first time, but I have genuinely liked this place way more since I've come back a few times.. . I will keep this short and sweet, the portions may be a little small, but most dishes are eloquently designed and they make you savor each bite.. . I've had some things a little over done w too much oil (ie street taco). But there are also many dishes that are quite refreshing and made quite clean.
Baby pig taco with pork skin. Fantastic.. Chinese is spicy and tasty.. Small portion size but not too pricey
This dining experience was amazing! We came here for lunch and weren't really expecting much as we were just wandering around trying to find a place to eat within the Cosmo. We stumbled across this place which is a little hard to find and were pleasantly surprised. The ambiance was so unique. Sort of asian/hipster combination. There are bike wheels on the ceilings and pictures of monumental figures on the wall that change with time. There are two bar areas to sit and order food or drinks.. . There is an amazing place to wait if there is no room immediately for a table. It is really unique!!! The food was excellent and so diverse. I loved the chinese/mexican fusion. We ordered the langosta taco's, vegetable spring rolls, chips & salsa (seasoned so well), vegetable jaiozi dumplings (dim sum), my fiance had the chicken lettuce wraps, and we split the churros. The churros come with a chocolate milk sort of dip it's not solely chocolate. I wish they served it with just chocolate as traditional churros are typically serviced with. They were also a little too sugary. I also wish that they had more dipping sauces. They only have soy sauces. I don't like soy sauce so I was hoping they would have a lighter sauce or some type of orange sauce but they did not have it. They also do not have coffee. If they work out some of those issues, this is a 5 star restaurant :). . All and all we will definitely dine here. We really enjoyed it for lunch although it can get quite busy. Make a reservation or pop in and sit in the cool waiting area. This is a great lunch option at the cosmo! For dinner I'm sure that it is probably a different scene and I'm not sure what that may be!We will definitely check it out next time.
For the people giving this place 1 star solely because of the value. go back to Taco Bell and PF Changs.  That's probably more your speed.  . . Yes the portions are small, but it's designed like that.  NEWS FLASH, hand-made food and top quality costs more to make than pre-cooked, frozen, processed food.... that's why its more expensive.  . . . Food is fantastic and the drinks are extremely creative.  . . Jose Andres is a genius and a pioneer.
The tacos were really good and the waiter was quick and friendly. This place was exactly what we were looking for at lunch time. I suggest the carnitas taco since everyone in our group that tried it thought it was really good.
We went to this place as Jaleo was not open for lunch and looking at the menu it looked like we might like it. we had to get the server to explain a few items, but once we understood what we would like, ordering was easy and it was great to share. The Kao Lao Lao was a real find, it was steamed to perfection and wonderful. We also had the Unruly Monk and that was our favorite, but the Lemon Tree Shrimp was a real miss. I do understand what others say about the service; the service was just OK and it did appear that the server was not really happy to be there. Otherwise I think we will definitely be back.
Finally! I made it to China Poblano,  I had been wanting to go for so long.  Like most of the reviews say,  the food is Excellent,  but it adds up quickly with the small dishes.  If money were no object, I would go here once a week.  But at that price, its more of a special occasion.    the Cocktails were Fabulous,  and very tasty,  as were the pre-cocktails we had at Chandelier Bar.  . . My Favorite dish was the Traditional Shu Mai,  the "gold" flecks were a nice touch.  They were moist and yummy and flavorful.   The 10 ingredient soup was a very unique blend of flavors.  good,  but next time I'll try a noodle soup.  . The Guacamole was super yummy,  it had cucumber which I'll have to add to my next batch.  . . My other favorites were the Carnitas Taco with green sauce and chicarones, mmmm and the Tuna Ceviche with sesame.  . . For the barbacoa taco,  i was expecting a traditional mexican slow roasted beef,  not something with bar-b-que sauce.  Although I love nopalitos (cactus) on anything. . . Next time I'll have to have the queso, and more.....Lunch anyone?
Funny name.  We thought it was a joke, until we figured out what the place was. . . Creative, tasty food.  Duck tongue tacos....lobster...a chinese fusion.  A lot of stuff on the menu that I'd like to try, but couldn't in  a short trip.. . Splendid flan for dessert...worth it right there.. . Jose Andres is a masterful chef.. . Love the place.  Not cheap, but you won't mind....not for the culinary anti-adventurous.
We had 14 people in our party and China Poblano was excellent for a large group. It was a Tuesday night and the restaurant was slammed, yet service was still very good.. . We ordered everything from beers to margaritas to tacos to pork buns to fried rice. I tried a bite of everything. The stand outs for me were:. . -Pollo con mole taco. -Cochinita taco. -Tuna ceviche. . Our waitress was very accomodating and helpful. The restaurant also allowed us to bring in our own dessert for the occasion. . . I know some reviewers have commented on how expensive they think China Poblano is for the food, but for us it was a great deal. Our bill totaled a little over $700 for 14 people, including alcohol and gratuity, which averaged around $50/person. Not bad at all considering it was a nice, fun meal with delicious food that lasted over 2 hours.. . It's not my favorite restaurant in the Cosmo nor is it my go-to spot for tacos but for a fun, casual place to eat on that property I think China Poblano is a very solid choice.
Really wonderful, adventurous casual dining on the strip.  . . While I am not a fan of the Cosmopolitan's brand of chrome and disco decorating, I was immediately taken with the bright colors and fusion of elements in the China Poblano Restaurant.  Immediately one becomes aware of two contrasting cuisines.  As you enter there are two bar areas where diners can watch various food preparations.  One side is devoted to Mexican food and the other to Chinese food.  . . This dichotomy is reflected in the menu as well which is divided up largely by types of dishes and the two cuisines.  A closer look shows a comingling of cuisines within though.  . . The 20 vegetable vegetable fried rice was so yummy.  As full of vegetables as its name suggests.  The Lamb pot stickers were served under a dome of incredibly thin and delicate pastry.  There was the hint of cumin lurking around the dish that was a beautiful almost haunting harmony with the delicious pot stickers.  One of my favorite dishes while I was in Vegas!. . We also enjoyed the guacamole and Golden Pigs (fried AND steamed pork dumplings that were served with a sweet condensed milk sauce, a wonderful balance between sweet and salty flavors).. . Finally a Jericalla which was described as an Oaxacan chocolate custard with  passion fruit and chocolate sorbet.  This was an amazingly light and lovely dish.  Beautifully layered as a parfait with solid chocolate in with the creamy elements and contrasting in texture.  Just an amazing combination of tangy fruitiness and deep chocolate flavor.  Really worthwhile.. . While this is slightly expensive for casual dining, the quality of ingredients, thoughtful food combinations, beautiful presentations and wonderful service made it a terrific choice for us.  I will brave the overstuffed glamor of the Cosmopolitan for a repeat visit.
This review is only for tacos.. . . Hands Down Get the Carnitas Tacos and order 6 at a time you will not be disapointed.  . . Mole Tacos are good well seasoned.. . I would go back to try some noodles next time...
A strange combination, but one that works. Personally, I would say the Chinese half of the menu outshines the Mexican portion, but both are filled with many good choices that are more than enough to fill you up.. . First off, the specialty cocktails here are great, and should not be avoided it you can help it.  The highlights from each of the menus would have to be: 'When Pigs Fly' (char siu bao) from the Chinese manu, and the Carnitas tacos from the Mexican menu.  The Beef Sui Mai is also good, but I would avoid the Traditional Sui Mai which is a bit bland.  The lamb potstickers, mongolian beef, and Dan Dan Mian are also great, along with tuna ceviche and queso fundido from the Mexican side of the menu.. . Like it's neighbor Holstein's, this place is definitely best for lunch, but you'll be perfectly happy having dinner here as well.. . China Poblano takes a very novel idea, and executes it well enough.  Is it the best Chinese or Mexican food you'll find on the strip? No, but its very good, and when combined into one restaurant, you have a veryunique place to eat that doesn't disappoint.
I ate here again because I was staying in the Cosmo and wanted to get something quick.  So I sat at the bar and the service there was good.  I remembered that the tacos were ok so I ordered the carnitas and the fish tacos.  I would have to say that the carnitas taco was super good.  The pork rinds on top put it over the top.  Delicious.  The fish taco was less successful.  The pickled onions were too strongly flavored and completely overwhelmed the fish.  I also had the rou jia mo street sandwich - this is slow cooked pork belly (I think) on a crispy baked Chinese flatbread.  OMG - this was so good it's even beyond words.. . The carnitas taco and the rou jia mo were so good that I had to go back one more time just before leaving Vegas.  After my gambling losses, I needed a sure thing!
Very nice place tasty food....
Terrific place. It would get 5 stars if it weren't for the incredible noise.  Very loud.  Food is delicious and service is impeccable.  It is basically a tapas Mexican/Chinese restaurant.  Price is fair, but not cheap.  You must absolutely try both sides of the menu (Mex and Chinese) as both offer a variety of different variations on some classics and new twists on the respective cuisine.  They also offer a variety of specials each night. Not for little kids for sure.
I wish there were 4.5 stars because there is nothing that China Poblano did wrong at all to not deserve the full 5 stars.  However, I have a special place in my heart for Jaleo since I have now been to three of them.  . . This place was awesome.  The decor is super casual and friendly.  There are some cool displays throughout that attempt to define the fusion aspect of the restaurant.  In Chef Andres own word's "we must build bridges not walls with our differences".  There are a various array of choices from both Chinese and Mexican small plates.  . . The setas taco, the lengua taco, and the silencio taco arrived at our table in such a rapid succession I was instantly transported to a blissful world of flavorful bliss. The sea air margarita was so light and refreshing I had to marvel at its creation.  No doubt about the true genius behind the cuisine at any of Chef Andres's restaurants, but this one feels as though they are really trying go the extra mile. . . The staff was so down to Earth and friendly.  They know that their menu is unusual and are more than willing to work with you to figure out the best choices for your group. The manager even stopped by our table and asked us how everything was going and if we needed any help with anything.  This was not done in the lame, corporate makes me do this at least twice per hour, kind of way but in a way that really showed how dedicated this staff is in creating an excellent dining experience and memory.. . I have been a fan of Chef Andres for years, and will be for years to come.
Tacos were great. Not a fan of decor. Service was good. Would eat here every time I am in Vegas.
Great sharing food!  Was really impressed.
Dropped by for a quick lunch, ravenously craving a bowl of noodles. Ordered the Unruly Monk (hand-cut noodles/wood ear mushrooms/poached egg/spicy sauce) .  It came so steaming hot that I'm surprised the server's hands weren't on fire. The handcut noodles had a good texture and accompanied by a really tasty broth and the tiniest serving of XO sauce.  Pretty good attempt at homemade XO.  It added the perfect touch to the already rich and comforting broth.   A bit pricey, at almost $18 for the bowl, but you're talking about and Andres restaurant on the Strip.  . . Those fearing asian fusion fare will be relieved to know the fusion is minimal. There is a Chinese side and a Mexican side, with some dishes borrowing from both cultures.  Again, an indulgence, but curious to go back and try the dim sum and tacos.  Didn't hurt that Jose was wandering around, in town for some celebrity asian chef-fest.   Wish it was a bit more casually priced, but still a tasty meal. Bring some amigos to share.
A friend and I were looking around The Cosmo for a food court, and we thought we walked into one when entering China Poblano.. . Boy, were we wrong.. . We were immediately greeted by a very enthusiastic host who was knowledgeable of pretty much the whole menu.  He recommended things like ceviche, the house fried rice (which apparently is internationally recognized) and some various kinds of dim sum.. . To put it very plainly, China Poblano is a tapas bar and restaurant that specializes in both Chinese and Mexican finger food.. . The thing is everything here is a bit pricey.. . That being said, I elected to just get some chips, guac, and salsa.  I'm normally pretty picky with my guacamole, but I must say that it was probably the best green stuff I've ever had that I didn't make myself.  That says a lot.  The chips were fresh and the salsa added a nice spicy kick.. . My friend ordered a dim sum sampler that included two pieces each of whatever dumplings they had, which was also pretty good.. . Overall, while we were disappointed that we'd be spending a whole lot more than we would at the food court, we walked out of the eatery pleasantly surprised.  I'll definitely be back to try that fried rice the host was talking about.
We really wanted to go to the Wicked Spoon buffet but we were too late. So we wandered around the Cosmo, starving. My boyfriend spotted this place and I was reluctant because I wasn't sure how Mexican/Chinese food were going to go together. After a disappointing meal the night before (see my Spago review), this was a pleasant surprise! Our server was super friendly and very helpful. We started off with the Happy Buddha Vegetable Spring Rolls and continued with the Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice and Setas Tacos. Lastly, we ordered a noodle dish, which I don't recall the name of. It was DELICIOUS and spicy. Our tummys were certainly happy. The boyfriend also had a few of the Salt-Air Margaritas and I had a couple Mexican Mimosas (YUM). Very glad we ended up here.
Even I can't believe that I gave China Poblano 4 stars but I did.  Jose Andres' perverse juxtaposition of Mexican cuisine and Chinese cuisine works.  Who would have thought?. . Like many of Jose Andres' other restaurants, China Poblano serves small plates.  Thus it is possible to try many dishes in one sitting.  On my visit, I sampled, among other things, the steamed pork buns, the Queso Fundido, the Shrimp Mojo, the Tuna Ceviche, Cochinita Taco, the Barbacoa Taco, and the Lucky 8 Sui Mai Beef.  . . The Queso Fundido, the Shrimp Mojo, and the Cochinita Taco were superb dishes that stood out above the rest.  The Queso Fundido is wonderfully rich, as one would expect, and is accented well by the spicey chorizo.  The Shrimp Mojo had a nice harmony of flavors between the garlic and the roasted poblano peppers.  And, the Cochinita Taco is everything you would hope a slow cooked pork taco would be.  . . While the three fore mentioned dishes deserve specific attention none of the dishes I tried were bad.  By mixing and matching between two very diverse cuisines, China Poblano keeps things interesting and should have something that appeals to everyone's palate.
High-End food that comes with HIGH END pricing. . On the menu: Scallops in sea-shell; Shrimp ceviche; tuna and avocado salsa; spicy shrimp; pork buns!. . Had to order alot to sample them and also fill my tummy
I love the food at China Poblano and have to visit every time I'm in Vegas. The 20 Vegetable Fried Rice is absurdly amazing and I have never tasted anything comparable. At $19.88, it's one of the better values on the menu...The guacamole is worth the $15 as it is a huge bowl and delicious. The sticky rice/mango/crispy dessert is awesome. We request the same waitress, Christine, every time and she is wonderful and will recommend good dishes for the table. The only reason that China Poblano doesn't get 5 stars from me is due to the prices - like everyone else on here says, it's overpriced. My boyfriend and I managed to spend $115 on dinner for two with no alcohol and the dessert was a gift from Christine. It's expensive but crazy good food. I crave that fried rice!
Staying at the Cosmo, so naturally we turned to hotel restaurants first to cure our hunger. We got take-out from China Poblano twice -  decent food with good customer service. . . What we got:. . Rainbow Congee. Amazing especially after a late night. Easy on the stomach and very flavorful thanks to the sausage (there are snowpeas and carrots in there too, so you've got your daily veggie instake). At $8.88, very cheap for five-star hotel restaurants and the serving size is quite large.. . Carnitas & fried fish tacos. Tasty but rather small. Us girls easily consumed 3 tacos each and guys can probably do 5 no problem. At $5-6.50 per, that's quite expensive for just tacos. . . Caesar salad. Taste like Caesar salad everywhere else, but $12 for a very small serving. . . Nothing spectacular, but everything we had was well prepared and the takeout server was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant isn't very large so this is a great place to get some take-out for in-room dining.
Great place.  There for lunch.  Energetic atmosphere, fantastic service, and wonderful food.  I will go back, but recommend stick with either Chinese or Mexican, not sure about both in one sitting.  Full flavors and good cocktails.  Chinese was the standout, but their guacamole was one of the best I've had.
Chinese food and Mexican food in one - what more could you ask for?. . I'm honestly pretty shocked about the lack of positive reviews for China Poblano.  It's Vegas - everything is expensive and probably not big enough (insert double entendre here).  Stop your whining and realize it's tapas-style.  If you have 10 hungry bachelorette party girls like we were, order two of each type, eat family style, order a strong drink, and shut your trap.. . For Vegas shu mai, I thought it was pretty good.  We ordered two servings of the Lucky 8, which I recommend so you can get a taste of each type of shu mai they serve. All were tasty and topped with something interesting, like radish or goji berry. The har gau was ok; I have had better. The Don't Be Jealous hot and sour soup had a wonderful kick of spices. Drinks ordered included the Singapore Sling and the Lychee Sour, both of which were flavorful and interesting. I myself had vodka with fresh cantaloupe juice, which snuck up on you and hit you like an unruly child. Other dishes ordered at our table included a caesar salad (with way too much parmesan), When Pigs Fly, shrimp, and numerous tacos. As far as pork buns go, the When Pigs Fly was a little meh. I like the pork to be red and drier than this was.. . The coup de grace of my palate was the Viva China taco. This is definitely the best non-traditional taco I've ever had. A taco with beef tendon and oyster - the crispiness of the tendon punctuated with the creamy oyster was mind-blowing. . . Lots of good tastes, a few mediocre tastes. But definitely deserving of a higher rating than the uno estrellas some other folks are giving. I'd go back.  Viva China Poblano!
Mexican-Chinese fusion, really?! - that was definitely my first thought when entering Jose Andres' Vegas restaurant. I mean how could beans and rice mesh well with Peking Duck? The answer is that it can go quite well together.. . Two dishes were particularly amazing. . . Beijing Glass: a chinese noodle dish accompanied by Mexican vegetables such as jicama and avocado. The sauce soaked into the glass noodles making the whole dish an amazing melange of flavors! Plus, the portion was large and easy to share among several friends.. . Silencio: a sweet barbecue taco composed of duck tongues. Andres has always been one to test his diner's culinary limits (just check out my entry for his DC restaurant) and at first eating a bunch of little tongues can be unnerving. But after a few bites, you will not be able to put down this dose of deliciousness.. . Other dishes were less memorable; however, they were all good. My biggest complaint were the prices. With the exception of Beijing Glass, portions were a little small for sharing. You had to order more which raised the price a bit high!
What a fun place...Mexican and Chinese on one menu. And, it's Jose Andres so you know it's good. . . We tried five items:. -Tuna ceviche- fabulous! Fresh and delicious which a hint of crunch. . -Traditional Shu Mei- light and flavorful. We loved these. . -When Pigs Fly- we love pork buns and these didn't disappoint. It's a pretty heavy dish though.. -Carnitas tacos- nice flavor on the pork. Really good.. -Barbecoa tacos- good, but we liked the carnitas better.. . If you want to enjoy a leisurely meal, I'd recommend ordering one dish at a time. Our server said he'd bring them out slowly for us (we ordered all at once) and we were out of there in about an hour which is not a leisurely meal in my opinion. . . Also, many reviewers commented on small portions and high prices. I disagree on both comments. The portions were bigger than tapas and the prices were really fair (for Vegas). . . I'd definitely go back!
We came for a Saturday lunch, and it was only 2/3 full. The menu is pretty big including chinese and mexican dishes. Maybe that is why some of them are outstanding while some of them are not good. . The duck tongue taco is to die for. The favor, the texture, and the garnish went soooo well together. I can come back only for this!!. the quail egg Sui Mai was very refined and you can really taste a true meaning of Asian Fusion.. The wonton noodle soup is just a very ordinary but overpriced noodle soup. Not recommended. . viva China taco was the worse of the meal. The beef tendon was so sticky and the oyster was not fresh. . the infamous 20-veg fired rice was not bad but not as special as i expected.. great place to visit once because it is very special.
Delicious, funky, creative, slightly overpriced. Nice ambiance, friendly service. Worth the experience. Try a margarita. Also enjoyed some yummy small bites.
The service was friendly and attentive on a busy night during a convention.. . I was in town for work, so I just grabbed a seat at the bar. The server was helpful in working my way through the menu. . . I had a taco night and a noodle dish. Both were pretty tasty. The best tip from the server was to get sides of the homemade chili oil and habanero salsa. I think those made the meal for me.. . I am just not too crazy about this trend at upscale Mexican places where they charged you a few bucks for chips and salsa. Oh well.
Really delicious "20 vegetable fried rice".  It's super fun to watch them make dumplings and fresh tortillas.  I'm surprised this place doesn't have more stars.  I thought it was a winner!
We went into this restaurant because we were only a little hungry.  I'm so glad we did!  We had the "When Pigs Fly" delicate steamed buns/Chinese barbeque pork and "Lamb Pot Stickers Stuck on You" sweet onions/crispy lace pot stickers.  They were wonderful and really hit the spot.
Fantastic food... a bit pricey... but it's worth every penny!  Adore the decor!  The stuff - AMAZING!  The drinks - be careful - they're powerful!  My favorite is the Duck Tongue w/ Lychee Tacos and Fried Pork Bun with condensed milk dipping sauce = heaven!
***Jose Andres' China Poblano in the Cosmopolitan Hotel scores a mediocre score of 3 stars on Yelp, but I found all of the food (I had two of their savory courses and 1 dessert) to be good to very good***. . China Poblano features a mix of contemporary Mexican and Chinese dishes.  Some dishes are gussied up with contemporary cooking techniques or high end ingredients while other dishes veer more on the fusion side.  . . I started with one of their tacos--a carnitas one topped with guacamole, fresh lime and chicarrones.  I thought the fillings were great.  The carnitas was moist and tender.  It was also nicely seasoned.  It had a good flavor and wasn't too salty (which happens a lot with carnitas).  The guacamole was cool and refreshing and it was a great contrast to the warm and savory carnitas.. . The chicarrones were crispy and light.  The soft corn tortilla was fine, but it wasn't a good vessel for the meat juices.  The only problem with the taco was that it was too wet.. . I also has the twenty vegetable fried rice and it was very good.  The rice had a nice soy flavor, but it was not too salty.  The vegetables provided great contrasts in textures, but with that many vegetables, which were cut up into small pieces as well as paired with a flavorful rice, the individual flavors of the vegetables were (as expected) kind of lost.. . Still, there were a lot of vegetables including fresh greens, crispy sweet potato,haricot verts, squash, turnips, carrots, asparagus, Brussels sprouts, and watermelon radish.  There were also proteins like soft tofu and scambled egg.. . For dessert, I opted for their flan and it was very good.  The flan was incredibly smooth, creamy and light like a panna cotta.  It was topped with a great cajeta gelee (rich caramel flavor).  There was also cajeta ice cream (incredibly dense and a great rich caramel flavor).  The plate was garnished with good pineapple, which was not too tart.. . Service by the bartender Victor was excellent; he was incredibly personal and helpful with the menu.  You could tell he really wanted all of his customers to have the best experience possible.. . Prices are not too bad considering that it was Vegas.  The fried rice dish was under $20 and it was a very generous portion.  Some portion sizes seem small in a few dishes when considering the prices (like the tacos), but it is still a better value than the many overpriced Vegas restaurants serving just so-so food.. . In terms of the decor at China Poblano, the bar gives you a view of the chefs making the dim sum.  There is a main dining room, but I wasn't a fan of the tables (they kind of looked like what you would find at a gourmet order-at-the-counter spot).  Overall, the decor was forgettable and not that great.. . I thought the food at China Poblano was good.  The food was pricey, but Vegas food tends to be pricey and there are places in Vegas serving much more expensive food that is not nearly as tasty or refined as what you can get at China Poblano.  I think China Poblano is a good spot for an upscale lunch.  And since the same menu (with the same prices) is featured at dinner, it is a good spot for a nice dinner with a more casual approach and more reasonable prices than the many overpriced high-end dinner places in Las Vegas.. . I believe the Cosmopolitan offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
I only ate one thing here, but it was GOOD. . I knew I wanted noodles, asked server for a reco, without hesitation he said dan dan mien.. . The noodles were REALLY well cooked, you could tell they were fresh.. . The sauce was really good (and I've had dan dan in Asia many times). It had that umami you expect from a dish like that. So good! I'd definitely go back to try more. . . I did notice that the menu is really chinese OR mexican (not really many fusion dishes) but its an interesting concept.
Yesterday was actually "Take Two" for us here, since we planned on meeting a friend for dinner.  He got called in to work and couldn't make it, but it wasn't necessarily a "tragic evening", because the food here is pretty amazing.. . A quirky but compelling mix of Chinese and Mexican cuisine (but NOT ON THE SAME PLATE, thank GAWD!), you're free to mix-and-match however you please, just like the decor, which I can only describe as "Big Trouble In Little Chinese Tijuana.". . We started off with chips and salsa. I am a sucker for fresh, warm chips and these pretty much RULED.  Most with a palate for something a little kickier will find the salsa wanting, but having been burned by too many MUY CALIENTE sauces in the past, I found this one just right.. . Bear kicked it off with one of the tacos as well - I don't remember which, but the blissful look on his face was recommendation enough for me.  I decided to mix it up with two tacos: the chicken and mole poblano and the BBQ pork with marinated onions, along with "When Pigs Fly": four delicately steamed buns filled with more BBQ pork.  Bear had the "Special 8" Dim Sum - (probably not getting the name right, but I won't forget that taste!) - delicate, tasty jewels of meat, spices and veggies swathed in very light wrappers. I had bites of the chicken and pork...which I will have to definitely try in the future!. . It was all A-MAZING. Paired with rum-and-Cokes for me (Negra Modelos for Bear), the tastes of each item are light and exquisite - tender meats, flavorful but not overpowering sauces, but don't sit brick-like in your stomach as most chain-restaurant style Chinese and/or Mexican foods have a tendency to do.  . . Because I'd really had a taste for some pho noodles all week (nursing a pretty wicked cold earlier), I knew I wouldn't get them here, but when I saw "Dan-Dan Mian" noodles on the menu, I knew I wasn't leaving until I had some, which I ordered in lieu of dessert.  I love good "Dan-Dan" as much as the next Chinese food enthusiast, but THESE? Not saying it wasn't a healthy sized portion, but these bad boys made me wish for a kiddie-pool sized bowl that I could jump into and do the backstroke in. Oh, yeah.  They are THAT. FREAKIN'. GOOD.. . Bear had a dessert I did have a bite of - mangos with a light creamy sauce and maybe pine nuts? - that I made a mental note to have next time we visit.. . To sum it up - awesome food, great service from everyone, but most especially from our bartender/server Casey. However, I only have one 'caveat' to present.  When the bill arrived, it did give me one of those "RUH-ROH, RAGGY!" moments when I saw the total.  Not saying you have to be Mark Cuban or Steve Wynn to eat here, but if you have a more-than-healthy appetite - and we do, you may want to put China on your "Special Occasions Only" list.  It's just that all that wonderful food DOES add up (all tacos, dim sum and other items are priced separately), so you may want to have a "point guard" with you to keep an eye on the rising tab. . . Other than that, I would dare say that we'll be back!
This is one of a kind - unique Chinese x Mexican restaurant in town. I know this place isexpensive for Mexican and Chinese,,, but I keep visiting there.. . To start with, I always order a drink with Tuna Ceviche. I have eaten Scallop Ceviche, but tuna is way better than scallops, I think.. . I would recommend the Chinese inspired taco, Viva China. They are very tasty. Fish taco was really good, too.. . For dim sum, I recommend "when pigs fly", its a BBQ pork buns. Delicious (its a bit sweet side, tho).. . All the sui mai is very good. Gold leaf on Sui Mai??? Funny but they are good.. . However, noodles in the lower price range, Kao Lao Lao and Dan Dan Mian are my least favorite. The taste is flat - too greasy and boring. I dont recommend. I guess you get what you pay for. . . Soup,,, they are OK.. . Bartender was super nice and explained everything I asked.
Part II ; Cosmo Food Crawl. . CHINA POBLANO. . Working ourselves from light to medium on heaviness, we ventured to what is another Jose Andres restaurant, China Poblano- a Chinese Mexican (not fused) cuisine that confuses and delights at the same time.  It's definitely a split personality (akin to that psycho you may have dated at one point....). but if you go for the ride, you may be pleasantly surprised.  I tend to favor more of the Chinese cuisine, and their appetizer/dim sum selections is quite addictive and a perfect fit to our second leg of the Food Crawl....          . The interior decor is an attack on the senses, an onslaught of hyperbolic technicolor thrown together miss mosh, like graphics on an side street in Tokyo...chaotic.  And with two unseeingly mismatched cuisines housed under one roof, so is the the decor; the room is bifurcated down the middle, Mexican on one side, Chinese on the other (a modern West Side Story? Jets and Shark Fins?). . As for drinks, we started with a Cantelope Agua Fresca; this beverage is naturally sweet and just the right amount of nectar and water, no sugar comas or bouncing off of walls like the Tasmanian Devil on a pogo stick.. . An alter.....to what? it's so friction strange, I dunno, do you sit here, or pray....? but the food's good, so I let this one pass.... . As I'm partial to the Chinese Dim Sum offerings at CP, the Har Gau: Shrimp, Pork Belly and Shitake Mushrooms wrapped in a translucent skin and steamed, creating the perfect little bite.  Devouring every piece, I love to add Soy and Chili Sauce to punch it up till it's over the top with flavor.. . This dish my favorite: Lamb Potstickers 'Stuck on You': six dumplings connected together with a crispy lace-from a visual standpoint, it's so delicate and fragile as you break off a piece, but it's another story when you put it in your mouth.  The dumplings are fried pouches full of unctuous lamb meat, full of juice and fat it bursts in your mouth, the cumin is just a powerhouse of spice, making it a hearty dish.
I am pretty surprised by the negative reviews because I had a terrific experience at China Poblano.  Maybe it's because I took a lot of the waiter's recommendations, but every dish I ordered was at hit.  (And lest you think, he was trying to pad the bill, I told him I was torn between two dishes and he steered me towards the less-expensive one.). . I would highly recommend the Kao Lao Lao, which are described as steamed noodles, but were more like rolled tortilla strips served with a flavorful dipping sauce, and the carnitas taco, with tender meat and a wonderful contrast of textures with its crispy toppings.. . I also had the lamb pot stickers, which were beautifully presented (although perhaps a little greasy) and the dancing eggplant, which was roasted until creamy.. . The service was great and the decor is very cute.  Everything was all really flavorful and beautiful on the plate.  I look forward to returning.
I really liked it. Their service was top notch, very attentive and courteous staff who can definitely handle chaos. Being the only 2 casual eateries not counting the hidden pizza place in otherwise expensive restaurant land Cosmopolitan, they are slammed all the time. I passed by everyday staying there and it was like a street mob scene. Regardless, they had hired a bunch of cool cats who handled the situation well which I really liked because feeding hunger after walking around all day is one serious business.. . The food was superb. Very very fine for street food. I loved it. Of course it was also because I expected nothing at all* Bah! Jose Andres? Oh no, not another Jose Andres joint, Tacos? Dim Sum? Oh whatever. So thats how I went in. But blow me down, I was dead wrong. They executed very well for what was just mindless street food in an expensive hotel. I shared  their beef tongue taco (excellent, low fat) , har kow (nice twist), viva china taco (didn't like this one, too fried), Cochinita taco (good), lobster taco (not special enough), Roujiamo Sandwich (good enough) and that was about it. I really loved the quality of their meat cuts. . . Pricey? Yes, because tacos, dim sum etc. are not usually, thats the problem. But was it worth it? Yes again.. . Atmosphere-- casual. So after all the partying and dressing up for great dinners, this is a welcome change. People are happy all around, not high and drunk like the other casual eateries because they don't serve up cheap fruit punch cocktails here. . . Just too cool for that.
pricey drinks but the combination of chinese and mexican food on the same menu was intriguing and worth it.  enjoyable atmosphere and mainly friendly staff.  would definitely go back
Ok, so my brother has lived in vegas for years and this was one of the first times that I was able to get out there and see him and spend any sort of length of time there as well. Also, his girlfriend just finished culinary school so we were definitely interested in going to a really good restaurant, especially one who's chef is of the ilk of  Jose Andres. The food was better than just "good" the drinks were very tasty, and there was a wide range of selection in regards to how daring one might want to be. The dumplings and the pork buns definitely stand out and the top favorites as well as the guacamole. Most at my table happened to prefer the chinese selections that we had made but really, everything was very very tasty overall. We went for a lunch so that we could walk everything off later and the place was almost empty. Although, we were probably eating much earlier than many who visit vegas. The meal was expensive, but it was well worth it. I will say, that while the drinks were good, I think that they were overpriced based on what you are able to get in the area for less. However, overall, I am a fan and would enjoy going there again for maybe a slightly smaller meal (we definitely over-ordered since we were so excited about all of the options!).
Dang. The Vegas crowd is harsh - or at least very conservative with their stars.  Came here over the weekend with a bachelorette party and I think everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food and drinks.. . Between me and two other girls, we split: papas fritas (fries with rich mole sauce), open sesame (chilled noodle salad), Beijing glass (cellophane noodles in soup), tuna cevhiche (veeeerrrrry interesting crunch), and dan dan mien (noodles with a spicy kick).. . I had a Mexican Mimosa and other people in the group had the lychee sour cocktail and blood orange margarita.. . Seriously no complaints about the food except that the portions are tiny.  However, considering how many dishes we ordered for three girls (we eventually cancelled our order for 20 vegetable fried rice), I think we did just fine.  Sure, it was a little pricey, but you're in Vegas and you're at the Cosmopolitan.  The Strip is littered with Panda Expresses if you want something cheap.. . Now that I've returned from Vegas, and my coworker (who recommended China Poblano to me) and I are discussing the different dishes that we've eaten here, I'm itching to go back.
Love the decor. Great service with friendly attentive staff. The salt air margaritas are incredible. Lobster tacos and the twenty vegetable fried rice are perfect for a light lunch and leave plenty of room for the amazing mango sticky rice. Wonderful fun restaurant.
You need to come here with the right expectations.  China Poblano is a Mexican-Chinese hybrid/fusionish restaurant by Jose Andres.  Portions are on the smaller side while prices are on the larger side.  Modern, more asian design/decor and it's in the Cosmopolitan hotel near the upper level of the chandelier bar.  There...with that said, on to the food.. . We had the heavenly pigs (roasted pork buns with condensed milk), a 20 (or 24) veggie fried rice, ha-gau (shrimp dumplings) and a vegan mexican spiced hand cut noodle dish.  Honestly the food was pretty good.  Everyone really liked the heavenly pigs though it was only 4 buns for 14 bucks.  the condensed milk really brought the little piggies to another level.  Best plate by far.  The fried rice was done really well, but nothing exceptional.  Shrimp dumplings were really fresh and also done well (again expensive, but that's a given here).  The hand cut noodle dish was interesting.  nice amount of heat and also nothing I've ever had before.  . . Overall 4 stars.  The food is good and interesting.  Pricey and the service wasn't great.  It's worth a stop if you're looking to try something different or to get a quick bite.
Incredibly tasty Chinese noodles and pancakes, ridiculously small portions!!
So a while back when I was in Vegas me and my friend decided to try to find the food court at the Cosmopolitan cause we were hungry and had some time to kill before our flight.  We looked around on the second and floor and ended up walking into a restaurant that had Mexican food on one side and Chinese Dim Sim on the other.  So we thought hey, here's the food court! Let's go grab a seat. We get seated by a host and thought it was weird that a food court had a host..then we get handed a menu, only then did we realize that this place wasn't a food court, it was a full on restaurant!  At that point I think we both debated if we should leave, but in the end we decided to stay and give it a shot.. . I have to admit once you sit down and look at the place and you see the Dim Sum station vs the Mexican grill, its very foolish that we couldn't figure out that this place was something different; and it sure was.. . The Mexican-Chinese fusion food they have here is something I have never experienced in my whole life.  And that's actually pretty surprising considering I grew up in San Jose, CA where there is an abundance of Chinese Restaurants surrounded by Mexican Restaurants in the Eastern Part of the city.  Well we get cracking and I remember I had a few orders of dim sum and a few tacos.  I had no idea that gourmet dim sum and tacos could exist..let alone exist in the same restaurant!  The fusion food will keep you coming back for more, I know that from now every time I'll go to Vegas (which seemingly appears to be every 6 months) I'll be making a stop at this tasty little restaurant!. . And you should too! Just make sure that you know that this place isn't a food court. haha.
I live local to the DC area, so I've had a lot of Jose Andres' cooking in his various Washington restaurants-- some of my favorite places and food, although at all of them, meal+drinks at non-happy-hour prices will put a dent in your wallet.  I was curious to see how his Vegas efforts were doing, so checked this one out on a recent Vegas trip.. . Even in a town full of esoteric and unusual design, it has an eye catching design and great decor.  The number of tables inside is limited, but there are 2 large bars, and various randomish seating outside.  It's pretty unique looking, bright colors.  There's a carryout window.. . Service was over-attentive.  The female server thought the habanero salsa was far too hot to possibly have by itself (we found it hot but enjoyed it by itself).... . That salsa and chips were both very good.  A chinese-mexican fusion taco wasn't worth repeating.  A barbacoa taco was some of the best barbacoa I've had!  Drinks pricey but strong.  The GF had one with ground-mezcal-worm on the rim, I had one less exciting-- both great.. . The prices are highish-- this is a fancy restaurant, it's Jose Andres, and it's on prime real estate.  A full dinner will set you back if you have much appetite at all.  Two tacos, a small steak entree, two drinks, and chips/salsa were about $75 after tip.. . This is Vegas, and there is people-watching-- there's a fair amount of foot traffic from people staying at the Cosmopolitan.. . If you're looking for American-Chinese food (you know, the crap they serve in altogether far too many suburban joints) or for Tex-Mex, this isn't the place.. . For some top-shelf drinks and innovative cooking, you've come to the right place.  Just expect dinner to be expensive!
I just returned from my first trip to Las Vegas, and on my first night there, I knew I wanted to check out China Poblano. (Having gone to school in DC, I'm familiar with Jose Andres and his great food.). . My friends' flight landed a while after mine, so I dined solo at the bar. The service was excellent, especially considering it was 8:30 on a Saturday night. . . The food was outstanding and came quickly (but without any sort of rush). I had the Arrachera con Salsa Molcajete - absolutely delicious - with a side of their freshly-made tortillas (to make my own fajitas, awesome suggestion by the server). Also had a sea salt margarita, very foamy but tasty enough.. . I really enjoyed everything about this place...except the value for the money, which is why I'm leaving off a star. These are small plates meant to be shared, so your receipt can very easily tally up quickly.
Yes this place is a little pricey but these are typical prices to main strip restaurants and the food is well worth it. Definitely try the salt air Margritas with the lovely salty foam, we were more focused on the Asian side of the menu, other than the guacamole which was very good and came with great warm tortillas. Tried the 20 vegetable rice, the dancing eggplant (awesome with the twirling bonito flakes-you have to see it!) and the 'when pigs fly' steamed bbq pork bun. All dishes were very good and the buns were amazing. Definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas.
Loved it... . . Tacos were amazballs, fruit salad was tasty and very cool looking, noodles were very good... uh.. and  I can't remember what else I had but that was good too... Hey I was in vegas give me a break.. . For a dude that loves mexican food and chinese food like me it doesn't get much better than this. Jose Andres, the homie, did it right with this one. . . Yea it's not cheap, and yea it's small plates, but yea it's pretty damn good. You're in vegas, relax, enjoy it and stop being so cheap... Or go find a strip mall with a Panda Express and a Roberto's and enjoy that with your malt liquor. PS - everyone that is complaining about price, realize what hotel you are in. Sorry to inform you but they tore down the Boardwalk Casino about 6 year ago to build this gem; it ain't coming back.
Oh my, Chinese and Mexican fusion...I should have thought of that earlier. Despite how different the 2 cuisines might look, they have a lot of similarities.. . We started with some drinks. I had the "salt air" margarita -- and oh my. This works a lot better than salt around the rim because you can just get a mouthful of the salt while drinking. The undesired effect is that you might get a "milk mustache" after you drink it, but hey, it's cute, right? Definitely a must-try if you like margaritas.. . The food here is served in small plates, so it's a good idea to share everything so you get to try a bunch of stuff. We ordered quite a few things to share, and some of them, unfortunately, were on the saltier side (smoking chef?), but other than that everything tasted good.. . Of all the things, I recommend trying the siu mai (thin skin, delicious pork), the chile en nogata (the walnut cream really made the dish) and the lamb potstickers (it's got that crispy lace which is oh so hard to make!). They have a few items with the Shirley Lee family XO sauce, but I'm not a fan of that...I prefer other brands' XO sauce much better. If you like handmade noodles, you might want to try them here too -- while they're not the best I've had, they were hearty and rustic, and will surely win a few hearts.. . Overall, it's a very interesting place where you can get the best of both worlds. When you're surrounded by all different sorts of restaurants in Vegas, it's nice to see something different.
I have seriously been trying to eat here for years, but there is always a really long wait without a reservation...and of course, I was never smart enough to make a reservation.  The girls and I needed a quick dinner and it was rather early, so I was hoping there would be no wait.  Luckily, I was right.  When we first sat down, the bus boy brought us water immediately, but then no one came over to us for what seemed like 20 minutes.  We eventually had to flag a waiter down, who was very apologetic and proceeded to provide the best service ever!  Not only was our server very attentive, so was the rest of the staff.  Even the hostess came by at one point to check on us, which I found rather strange but funny, all at the same time lol.  . . We started with the fried lotus chips with mole sauce.  Just an FYI: the fried lotus chips do not come with mole sauce.  The waiter offered it to us for making us wait, I believe, and I sure am glad he did.  The fried lotus chips are good, but a bit plain.  However with the mole sauce, it was delicious!  One of the girls ordered the pozole rojo, which was good, but it was nothing compared to the caldo tlalpeno the other girl ordered.  The caldo tlalpeno was so flavorful that it was hard to believe that it was only soup.  Here's a warning: if you cannot take spice, then the caldo tlalpeno is definitely not for you.  Sorry, sucker lol.  I ordered one each of the lengua taco and the barbarcoa taco, which were both delightful.  Lastly, we shared one order of the diver scallops and green beans in XO sauce.  I love scallops, green beans, and XO sauce...however this was a tad salty.  It was mostly the XO sauce so I made due by not getting too much sauce in each bite, which worked out nicely.  . . Finally, to make up for forgetting about us, the waiter brought out a complimentary dessert, mango and sticky rice.  I love this dessert anyway so I was pretty excited when he brought it out, but of course it had a twist to it.  Normally, it doesn't come with whipped cream on top, but this one did with what seemed like crispy rice treats inside.  Anyway, I don't normally eat whipped cream since it's so fattening, but I figured hey, I'm on vacation...live a little!  And man, am I glad I did!  Yum!
Definitely get the addictive lotus chips and playful, flavorful Silencio (ha!) duck tongue taco. The Viva China taco with oyster and beef tendon wasn't bursting with flavor, and the Golden Pigs steamed buns were dry and would have benefitted from more filling. And if you're feeling lucky, cross your fingers that a sampler of dumplings accidentally gets dropped at your table by a server who immediately disappears, because it's going to be your favorite dish of the night.. . The changing wall art of iconic/iconoclast figures gives the small space a lot of personality, and I just loved the warm colors and rustic feel. It's Vegas, so it's a little bit put-on, but isn't everything?
This was my second visit to China Poblano, although my first visit was last year and it was limited to a couple dumplings and some drinks.  This time my wife and I came for lunch while the Cosmopolitan was getting our room ready.  The restaurant has one of the cooler buildouts in town - stylish and chic yet still comfortable.  The design aesthetic borrows from Chinese and Mexican traditions, much like the menu.  What was interesting to us was that we didn't sense much "fusion" between the two traditions - they menu is segregated between Chinese and Mexican dishes.  We had a mix, but no single dish we had really fused the two cusines.. . Let's start off with a story.  Just after we sat down, a party of 4 sat next to us.  After a quick look at the menu they asked the server why they didn't see quesadillas and burritos.  The server explained that China Poblano's Mexican fare comes from the cuisine of Southern Mexico, while they were thinking more about the food along the US border.  The server expertly encouraged them to give the place a try, and they wouldn't be disappointed.  No dice - they got up and left anyway.  The server told us that happens a lot.. . That was their loss.  We started with the special Chicken Tinga Tacos with chorizo, onions and potatoes, which my wife and I LOVED.  The potatoes in particular made the tacos, and they went great with the sauce, one of my favorites in the Mexican lexicon.. . We also really enjoyed the Don't Be Jealous Hot and Sour Soup.  This was not your traditional Chinese hot and sour soup - the color was much darker, the sesame flavor really popped, as did the cilantro.  It had much more depth than we expected and was almost smoky.  . . Of the Lucky 6 Sui Mai, we liked the scallop sui mai the best, then the beef and then the traditional shrimp & pork.  All were delicious though, and sui mai is always a personal favorite, whatever anyone puts in it.  . . The Shrimp Mojo was good too, but the shrimp was a little overwhelmed by the sweet black roasted garlic.  It was a good dish, but I'd have preferred a little bit more shrimp flavor. . . Fun place with good food, but you have to like Chinese and Southern Mexican flavors, which my wife and I absolutely do.
Kinda surprised at the low rates for this place.  This restaurant is actually REALLY good.  If you're looking for lots of delicious small bites... this is it.  . Came here with a bunch of friends.. and gotta say.. almost everything exceeded my expectations.  I can't remember everything we ordered... but here's a few highlights. Lamb Pot Stickers Stuck on You - REALLY really good.  delicate and delicious. . Shrimp Won Ton - was good, not the best in the world .  But.. I had a hangover and this really hit the spot.  . Sui mai - not your typical dim sum sui mai... better.  . When Pigs Fly - Steamed pork buns.  delicious, perfectly cooked.. . okay.. everything is a little pricey... but hey... its good.
While eating there in 2012, I had dim sum (sui mai) and a few tacos - and all were delicious. I had originally went to try the 20 vegetable fried rice, as advertised on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," but never had it because of all the other temptations. While in LV 2 weeks ago, I went back and tried their famous friend rice this time - and it was fantastic! I highly recommend it! Not a huge fan of their salsa, but everything else I've ever had has been great!
I have been wanting to come here for two years... seriously, that long!  Every time I head out to Las Vegas I try and make a point to dine but it just never worked out... that is until this week, when my boyfriend and I made it to lunch.  Finally!. . Started off with cocktails (blood orange margarita), and I was impressed.  It was really well-balanced and not too sweet.  We had the guacamole, which was very good.  We ordered it "medium" but I think it could have used a little more kick.  The chips were fresh and completely addictive, and the salsa was really delicious- excellent smoky flavor.  We each ordered a taco (carnitas and pescado frito).  Serving size is small but we were going for a "light lunch" so it worked out.  My boyfriend liked the carnitas taco so much he ordered another.  It was really a decent amount of food when you consider the large, molcajete-like bowl of guacamole too.. . All in all, it was pretty good!  It's hard to "wow" in Las Vegas because there are so many great restaurant choices.  The ambiance and decor are really neat and lend to the overall feel of the place.  We had great service and enjoyed the food a lot, but I definitely think it's more of a lunch spot.
I was a little unsure of this place and the chinese/mexican fusion combo made me ask why???.  When I visted their website and saw that it is a Chef Jose Andreas establishment I figured it must be amazing so I said what the hell and made a reservation. I am a mexican food lover so I stuck with things on the Miexican portion of the menu, a few different tacos(barbacoa and carnitas) both of which were amazing, the beef just melts in your mouth it is so tender. I also ordered some queso fundido and some papas fritas to share with the table.  One of the people in my party went the Chinese route and ordered the 20 vegetable fried rice, I tried a few bites and it was amazing, and could be a meal in itself. I will go back and next time I will order the fried rice for myself. . . Prices were actually low in my opinion, not cheap but I would have paid more for the quality of food.  Rreat value for the quality of food and location inside of the Cosmopolitan. All in all I would recommend China Poblano to anyone visiting Vegas.
Great spot for a casual lunch, especially if you're staying at The Cosmopolitan. We ate in our bathing suits and I didn't feel judged. My friends and I ordered our own tacos, which we all enjoyed, but we also split a few other dishes. The twenty-vegetable fried rice is a must... definitely one of their signature dishes. Great mix of Chinese- and Mexican-inspired small plates. All perfect for sharing (tacos aside... get your own). Good drinks, too.
While I was skeptical of the whole fusion concept, some of the dishes were pretty inventive, I'll give them that!. . The Viva China (oysters + soft beef tendon+ peppercorn sauce) taco was quite tasty as was the Huitlacoche noodles with mushrooms and Mexican corn truffles. The best cold dish has to be the Palmitos (hearts of palm + grapefruit salad) which was ideal to combat the Vegas heat. . . No matter what the server suggests, the shrimp mojo (shrimp + fermented garlic sauce) is not worth it for the tiny bits of shrimp. It's something a Chinese mama could make for a lot less. . . Drinks were amazing; Mexican mojitos, mimosas and what have you. They do magic with Mezcal here!. . For what it is, this resto does solid lunch and dinners, and the drinks aren't too bad. Drop in if you're stuck outside Marquee or just for a quick bite before checking into your room.
Good food but the service could use some help.  I think the portion sizes could go up or the prices should come down.  You shouldnt leave a place hungry after spending $38.  . . I would rate them lower but I have had good meals here.
It's Vegas, people, so expect everything to be expensive.  This place is one that you would actually remember not for the price, but for the food.  It's a weird fusion of mexican and chinese.. weird, but it worked.  The drinks were awesome and STRONG; the food was delish and yummy.  Definitely a place to go for lunch/late lunch/dinner.
Really great place. Def try the salt air margarita, individual street tacos, 20 veg fried rice, tuna cerviche and mango sticky rice for the finale!  This is good for a group so you can having a tasting!  There are many more great dishes but theses were my highlights!
On our recent trip to Vegas I researched different restaurants to try - turns out that Dos Caminos AND Isla have closed. We knew we'd be in the Cosmo for the Secret Pizza (that's another review) and I wanted to try China Poblano after reading the menu on the Cosmo website. What I DIDN'T do is check the Yelp! reviews, and I'm glad I didn't. What we experienced was so far different from most reviews that I've just read!. OK look - when you're on vacation, you tend to spend money. $15 drinks are the going price at upscale hotels. And the "salt air margarita" (I just HAD to try one) was worth every cent!  I have no idea how they do it - the salt cloud that floats on the surface of the drink stays there as you drink, so with every sip you get a piece of salt heaven. . The wait staff were friendly and efficient. The manager, Inigo, even stopped by to chat with K'ayum (age 8) and watched him do his latest magic trick.  We ordered queso fundido with chorizo. It came with fresh-made tortillas and was excellent. Adriana got a carnitas taco and she was thrilled with the chicharron topping. I had a fish taco which was fantastic, and K'ayum had some noodles which he devoured (and he's a picky eater!). . The drinks were what really got me excited. After the "salt air margarita" I had another specialty called a "Mexican gin and tonic." It's made with cilantro, elderflower liqueur, and I don't know what else, but it worked. For dessert I had a tequila flight that came with house-made sangrita that was sublime!  I wish I had a bottle of their sangrita for sipping tequila here at home!. Anyway, it's a week later and we're still talking about our experience. We loved the decor, the ambiance, the service, the food, and the drinks. We'll be back!
I eat here every time I come to viva. Love the carnitas and the Barbacoa blew my mind!!
Keeping this a 4-star but if I was rating the Mexican food it would be a 3 star. Just come here for the Asian. Dan dan noodles are a must. Fried rice also delicious. Pork buns were tasty.. . I seriously would come back and eat those noodles every day though. They are a must try!. . And despite being a little buzzed our servers were extremely friendly!
In town for the Stella and Dot conference, after our second day I was determined to eat here!  I am a huge fan of Jose Andres and could not wait!. . I perused the menu online and saw that they do take out which was awesome!!  I placed my order, I decided on the tacos de lengua, cooked in pasillas and a Saison DuPont (beer).  . China Poblano is in the Cosmopolitan, a beautiful hotel and casino that is across from Planet Hollywood.  The restaurant is brightly colored, reds that invoke both asian and mexican influences.  . . The take out window is a nice touch and my food was ready!  The smells from the kitchen were enticing but I was surprised to not see the restaurant portion not completely packed.  . . The tacos were good, the meat was tender and cooked they my mom used to cook it!  The tortillas were nice I wish they put two, because they put so much meat into the tacos, a second one would've have helped!  I liked them, I wished it had more pasillas but it was good.  Jose Andres' Jaleo is wonderful, all of his tapas have wonderful flavor.  I was hoping the tacos would too, maybe if I went with the pork or lobster ones.. . I like China Poblano, next I will make a reservation and order an entree.  The selection of beers are great!  The Saison I had was delish and refreshing.  @JoseAndres you are a great chef and I love ThinkFood Group!
I was staying at the Cosmopolitan and while my friend napped, I decided to check out the hotel and maybe get a snack. I had done some research prior to the trip, and China Poblano was on my list of places to eat. And even though we had reservations for dinner in about 3 hours time, I stopped in kinda pigged out. I started with pork and shrimp fried won tons. These were melt in your mouth, savory deliciousness. They came with a sesame dipping sauce and they were just what I had hoped for. Because the menu is Chinese and Mexican food, I felt the need to try a taco too. I went with the setas taco, which is wild mushroom and guacamole. And also very tasty. To drink, I had one of the juices of the day, which was cherry. If I drank alcohol, I could've had that as a mimosa. When I was finished, I was presented a dessert menu. Now, I knew better, but they had churros, so I had to go for it. Those were decent and came with Mexican hot chocolate for dipping. I personally found the flavors didn't mix well, but others might think it's delicious. I ate the churros and drank the hot chocolate, win-win.. . China Poblano isn't cheap, but nothing within the walls of the Cosmopolitan is. I was on vacation and I didn't care. If you are on a budget, I'd take a look at the prices first, but I promise, it will be money well spent if you go for it.
In Vegas from L.A. Reviewing food.(service was great ).. The tacos are really well executed:you can taste the ingredients and the housemade tortillas are supple and melt in your mouth with the filling.Not gonna list them all, but they were all excellent to our taste..  The Huitlacoche "shaved pasta", needed salt .The pasta were nice though, with a great texture but the spiciness overwhelmed the dish.We still managed to finish the bowl.. Shrimp Mojo was tasty,the flavors well balanced, although we thought they would have been nice served with an accompaniment .. The must have to finish your meal: The sticky rice foam and mango.Their take on the classic Thai dessert (sticky rice and mango).When our waiter described it tous I was drewling! And It was beyond belief! I would go back just for that.
So good! Chinese/Asian AND Mexican!?!? Great combo!. . I stopped here twice in one weekend for the same dish. Everyone I was with was very satisfied as well. Both times I ordered the Dan Dan Mian and loved every minute of it. Two of the guys I was with ordered the Chilaquiles con Chorizo and said it may have been the best Chilaquiles they've ever had. That's saying a lot from a guy that has lived his whole life in San Diego.. . I know that most of the places in the Cosmopolitan but this place is definitely affordable and worth it!
I didn't really know what to expect from a Chinese/Mexican place, but I was happily surprised. One thing you should know, though: It's not a fusion place. There's Mexican dishes and Chinese dishes and a heartwarming anecdote about a Chinese girl getting kidnapped by the Spanish empire explaining the name of the restaurant. . . We had my baby nephew in tow . . . and he's a heartbreaker. So we got terrific service. A high chair, attentive service, helpful beyond the norm. Our server clearly knew the menu too and offered us lots of great suggestions. . . My one regret is not ordering more Mexican food. I was more intrigued by (and our server offered more suggestions of) the Chinese food. It was tasty . . . although we didn't love the dumplings: too much dough, filling was too sweet. The tacos that we ordered were awesome, though. We got the carnitas. Delicious, but way too small for the price. Wish we'd gotten more. . . All in all, I think it's a good bet. If you are a little adventurous, you can get a great meal for a not-too-bad price. Just bring a baby with you.
Had an amazing lunch here.  First off the decor is really neat.  You can sit at tables or one of two bars.  We sat at one of the bars and were able to watch the ladies make the Dim Sum.  Our waiter was really nice and helpful, he walked us through the menu, explaining that the food was not fusion, it was just both Mexican and Chinese.  I ordered the Salt Air Margarita.  I am very picky about Margaritas and I must say that this was the best one I have ever had.  The salt foam was fantastic.  Ok, so yes, the food is expensive but it is delicious, and its from a celebrity chef at a Las Vegas restaurant so what do you expect.  I still think it is worth the high price.  My husband and I each ordered a taco and shared two appetizers.  This was a perfect amount of food.  We each loved our tacos, I had the Tinga Poblana which was awesome, kinda like a gourmet breakfast burrito.  My husband had the Silencio, which was a duck tongue taco, he said it was great and the tongues had perfect texture.  We shared the When Pigs Fly Dim Sum which was a good steamed pork bun.  We also had the Chilaquiles, it was great and even better since we ordered a side of Habanero salsa, it was super spicy and awesome.  I would eat here again for sure!
All i have to say is order the 20 VEGETABLE FRIED RICE! Best thing you will ever eat in your entire life! So glad I tried it :)
Awesome little place that hurt my brain trying to figure out how they would marry Chinese and Mexican foods. Presentation was fantastic and the happy party in my mouth was even better. The pork carnitas are to die for!
I absolutely LOVE the concept at China Poblano -- Chinese and Mexican food served side by side, with no fusion -- but I was also apprehensive about the middling reviews.. . I'm glad I swept my apprehension under the rug because my lunch here was wonderful!. . Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, China Poblano is bright and inviting, with lots of color and neon and bold decorative touches.  (I dig the giant walk-through Buddha in lieu of a door.)  It's one of Chef Jose Andres' casual joints, in contrast to the fancier Jaleo and e upstairs.  The place fills up fast at lunchtime, but I was lucky enough to score a seat at the bar without waiting at around 11:30am on a Saturday.. . The menu is divided into Chinese and Mexican small plates.  Everything is served tapas-style.  Nothing is particularly authentic, but what do you expect in a Las Vegas hotel-casino?. . I started with one of the specials of the day -- elote and squash blossoms.  Loved the flavors and textures, especially the crunchy bits of elote sprinkled throughout.  Everything was very fresh, light, and enjoyable.. . Next, I had the dan dan mian (wheat noodles with spicy pork sauce and peanuts).  This was a good complement to the elote, because its profile of flavors and textures was the diametric opposite.  The noodles were rich and heavy -- probably too heavy for most people.  The spicy pork sauce was almost like thick clay in consistency.  I didn't mind, but I'm also not sure if that was intentional or not.. . I washed my lunch down with China Poblano's specialty beverage of the house -- the salt air margarita (spiked with pomegranate).  This was a unique take on a classic cocktail, with a salty foam on top in lieu of the traditional salt rim.  Very refreshing.. . Bar service is very upbeat and friendly -- and so are the other patrons!  Everyone eating here seems to be coming or going in an alcohol-induced haze, so expect revelry.. . Prices are definitely high.  I'm still smarting over that $14 margarita.  . . That said, I'd go back.  The menu is just too tempting to resist!
I think china poblano is a very solid 3 stars, I gave it a fourth star because our second visit was on the busiest night in Vegas...NYE and we had no reservation. They accommodated us quickly, although it was at the outside tables but that's fine by me...more people to watch. . Our server was great, I have no complaints about the service. . My husband & I ordered chips & salsa which were great, good seasoned chips, salsa was smokey and far from any pico de gallo. We also ordered 4 tacos...2 fish, 1 cochinita (BBQ Pork) and 1 carnitas. We've had the fish tacos before and they were delish...this time they were totally different. The fish wasn't very battered, and the salsa was way different. Definitely not as good this time around but still very decent. The other tacos were full of flavor but very small! We both said we could eat 4 more! So after the chips & salsa & 2 tacos each we were still hungry so we ordered dim sum. A 4 piece order of When Pigs Fly and they were a knock out. Very good. . Now, a part of me wants to take a star off because of the high prices. This dinner was over $70 and I really couldn't justify paying more than $35-$40. You can't call this a full dinner. It was more like a lite bite before a concert type thing. . The kicker was the 2 cokes my husband ordered during dinner. They came in glass bottles and are imported from Mexico. I've seen them at my local grocery store...they sell them 10 for $10. For all of you yelpers that are not math geniuses, that's $1 ea. China Poblano charges $5.88 each!! Holy coca cola! $12 on two cokes?! That's a little unreal. In a separate visit we ordered the 20 vegetable fried rice--as featured on one of those television food shows--and it was good not amazing. This is not a place I NEED to return to. But it's also not a place I would stay away from. Although, I might smuggle in my own Mexican Coca Cola next time.
What a spectacular experience! From beginning to end, we had nothing but a yummy and hospitable welcome from China Poblano and its staff. This restaurant is located on the second floor of my very favorite Vegas hotel, the Cosmopolitan. The seating is comfy and somewhat communal with long benches and tables. The decor is chic and earthy. The drinks are spectacular...any of the cocktails are great. We loved the small dishes, especially the Tuna Ceviche and the Coctel de Damarones. Both of these dishes are unbelievable and the tuna and lump crab were plentiful! I was partial to the Mexican side of the menu but enjoyed everything we had. The noodles are a great selection for the Asian flavor. The Shrimp Mojo was simple but packed with flavor. The food is sultry and inviting, just like the atmosphere. You usually don't have to worry about reserving a table way in advance. I can't recommend China Poblano enough. You have to experience it for yourself. Enjoy!
My work group of 5 had a reservation for a Friday afternoon and there was no wait time. I love the color scheme and the fact that everyone spoke to us as we walked in. I ordered Chilaquiles, which had an authentic taste and just the right heat. Two of my co-workers ordered the infamous Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice. I was a little hesitant because I am not a big fan of fried rice, but it was amazing! Very distinct flavors. . . A major advantage to this restaurant is the vegetarian options. The only disadvantage, which has nothing to do with the food is the seating options. Although most people are in Vegas on vacation and wearing casual to club wear, it was a little difficult to get in and out of the bench style seating in a *work appropriate* length dress :(.. . On a positive note, our waiter Josue' was very attentive to our needs and made excellent recommendations.
I'm a fan and I'll be back. Staying in the Cosmo, I had to check this place out, and I'm glad I did.  Cochinita is a win. Carnitas tacos also a win. For the Asian side I got wheat noodles with spicy pork sauce and peanuts- delicious. The noodles were definitely the highlight of the meal!  The queso was not great (although the homemade tortillas were), so i'd pass on that next time.  Service was excellent and the overall ambiance is very nice for such a small place.
This place was pretty wonderful.  We stopped in, after having received a coupon for a free drink when purchasing a drink...ok ok-twist my arm, I'll come by. . .  The mix of Mexican and Chinese was quite fun.  On one side you have people making tortillas on a flat top, the other has people prepping and primping dim sum.  We sat at the bar on the dim sum side (being from San Antonio I've seen more than enough tortilla prepping).  Our waiter was great!  Explained everything in detail regarding the menu and how everything works.  His knowledge was extensive and much appreciated.  He also informed us they were featured on Food Network, which I didn't know but made it that much cooler.  The tacos we had were amazing.  They are pricey small bites but damn they were good.  Suffice it to say, I will be back, even without the free drink coupon.
went here to find out how chinese food and tacos go together, and i liked what i found.
Good food! A fun place to dine in and grab quality food fast. The dumplings are handmade in front of you and steamed or fried. I've been to so many dim sum restaurants in LA, OC, SF, NY, etc. but this place was up there with great flavor using fresh ingredients. We were also surprised with the Mexican dishes. The Carnita Tacos were probably the best I've ever had. Kinda expensive but well worth it. $5.50 each. The noodle dish that we had wasn't great but not bad either. I will definitely come back and try other creative dishes!
This joint is pretty vegetarian friendly. Good fusion of Chinese/Mexican food and scenery.
Great atmosphere and a really fun blend of Mexican and Chinese. Interesting concept and many of the dishes seemed quite inspired. Food portions are small and quite expensive. The lotus chips were good, the eggplant and seta taco was okay, but the vegetable friend rice was top notch. . . We had a great waitress too, who was really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She was bit robotic in her run down of the menu (she gave the same exact speech to the party next to us 5 minutes later), but was attentive and gave us good recommendations. The food also comes out fast, which is a plus.
Went here for a pre-concert dinner a couple weeks ago. Got to say, love the ambiance and funky decor of the place!. . The service was very friendly and knowledgeable but really really slow. It was a Sunday night, and busy, but it was no excuse to take more than 10 minutes to get our first cocktails.. . The cocktails are so fun! Go for some of the margaritas and specialty drinks. We also had a flight of excellent tequilas. If you like tequila, this is the place to go.. . We were trying to eat light before our concert so my husband and I each opted for one taco. He got the duck tongue taco and I got the oyster +lychee taco combination. Both tacos were excellent. Very interesting flavor combinations. . . Following our tacos we got a plate of the lamb wontons. Theywere delicately folded and full of lamb goodness. Beautifully presented!. . Lastly, we shared an epic churro dessert. The churros were worth it. Each one was crispy, fluffy and best dipped in the Mexican hot chocolate sauce. . . This is a great place to come for some interesting small plates, good atmosphere...but don't be in a hurry to get out!
I had visited China Poblano a few years ago on a visit to vegas and had such fond memories I had to go back. I love all of Jose Andres' DC restaurants so naturally I had to visit one of this Vegas restaurants. . . There was no wait for a party of one to get seated at the bar (30-45 minute wait for parties of 2-4). Sitting at the bar is the way to go if you are dining alone! The bartender was very attentive, he quickly took my drink order and made suggestions for my food order. I personally love the salt air margaritas (I opted for pomegranate, yum!). The foamy salt never mixes with your margarita so you just get a lovely taste of salt with every sip, less salty than big chunks of salt on the rim of the glass in my opinion.. . The Bartender said the Dan Dan Mian was one of their most popular dishes and that the shrimp mojo was a personal favorite so I went with those 2 items for dinner. I really enjoyed the Dan Dan Mian, the noodles were the perfect texture and it wasn't too spicy for a spice wimp like me. The serving size is a little small so you may want an appetizer to go with it. The seasoning on the shrimp was really delicious, though a little on the salty side. . . I'll definitely be back, hopefully I won't be traveling alone next time because there are so many dishes that would be great for sharing!
Great experience yet again.  Love the chicken lettuce wraps with crispy sweet potato straws! Very good! Got the wheat noodles with spicy pork/peanut sauce again.. i think its call Dan Dan Mian?  Anyways, it was delicious! Very spicy, but soooo good. Couldn't stop eating!  Everyone else loved their tacos.   I've never had to wait here and the service is wonderful.
I loved the more casual atmosphere at this location and the fact that it's tucked into the Cosmo so you don't have a huge crowd coming in off the strip. The 'air margaritas' were strong and tasty. They may look small, but they're powerful. It was hard to choose from the menu because so much sounded wonderful. Ended up with chips and salsa, the habonaro salsa (major heat), chicken flautas, and a lunch special that was pretty much equivalent to a ham quesadilla. All so tasty! I didn't think we'd have time for dessert, but the sticky rice sans rice was calling to me.. Awesome way to end a meal- light, sweet, full of flavor. The fresh mango adds just enough sweetness to the dish. I could have eaten here everyday!
always going to be one of my favorite spots. forever and ever. havn't ordered anything i didn't like.
I discovered this restaurant after viewing a recommendation by Anthony Bourdain, so while a friend was in town we decided to come check it out. It's located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is one of my favorite places on the strip. Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly hostess and offered our choice of the bar (which allows you to watch them work on tortillas from the open kitchen) or a table.  I felt for Vegas fine dining this place was pretty affordable.. Miller D was our server he was quick to greet us with a smile and I believe could tell we were unclear on if we should try a drink. He recommended the Sueno Cocktail which comes with a spicy salt rim. He was kind enough to do Half/Half in case we were a fan of the spicy kick it offered. Both my friend and I really enjoyed the drink.. . The main thing I was dying to try was this taco that I read about called The Viva China Taco , but we also ordered a Happy Family Jiaozi  (delicious pot stickers with amazing flavoring)and Golden Pigs ( Fried Pork Buns) and some Beijing Glass noodles(cold noodle dish with avocado and jicama for an interesting twist). Overall I LOVED EVERYTHING except that Taco I wanted so badly to try. When it first arrived I took a bite of the Beef Tendon alone and it was delicious but when taking a bite of the taco all together with the oyster on top I felt like the ocean had thrown up in my mouth. It just wasn't a good combo for my pallet. Maybe I got a bad oyster I don't know but overall it was an experience I will not quickly forget.. . Everyone at the restaurant was super friendly and our drinks were always full. The only reason I have to deduct a star is I somehow was overcharged $20 on my bill. Thankfully my friend encouraged me to keep my receipt and I am dealing with that situation but I definitely feel like this place is worth checking out! I left feeling satisfied and excited to go back to try some more cool fusions.
This was a happy surprise. This restaurant blends Chinese food and Mexican food. It's really tasty. Have the eggplant flakes. They have Olvido flex on top. As the heat his the flakes the flakes dance . It's amazing.
My fiancee and I ordered the When Pigs Fly (siao pao), chips and salsa, Ji Song lettuce wraps.  They were great. The chips and salsa were spicy but not extremely spicy which we prefer. The salsa wasn't your average Mexican restaurant/Ralph's salsa either. The lettuce wraps were tasty but they only gave four of them.  I'd be nice to have six. For desert we had the Mango Sticky Rice whose name is misleading because it's basically a Rice Krispie desert with whip cream (coconut cream I think). Our waitress gave a good description for the Chocolate Tera Cotta Warrior dessert. Will probably get that the next time we're here. Great service and decor.
