I'm not sure what else I can add to the existing reviews, so I'll say this much: get the bread pudding -- you won't regret it.  I would also suggest going here only on a weekday, and getting in line early (easy if you just never went to bed in the first place).  I think we got in around 8:30am with no line whatsoever; by the time we left around 10:00 or 10:30, the line was at least an hour if not more.
Arrived around breakfast, line was fairly long. Didn't seem to take long to get through it. Service was above average, greeted by everyone. Waiter was at the table in no time to greet us as well, was also very quick to take away the dirty plates. Large selection, food was very fresh! Price seemed a little steep but its a buffet they run fairly higher. Overall we would probably visit it again!
OMG, I KO'ed after this Holiday Buffet.. . My Asian parents have me trained in buffets. Go in right before lunch turns to dinner, and reap benefits of both offerings. Skip the breads, salads and breakfast stuff. Go for the seafood and proteins.. . Highlights of the meal:. Spicy tuna hand roll. Alaskan/snow crab legs. Prime rib and horseradish. Steak wellingtons. Mashed sweet potatoes? -- awesome. Shrimp cocktail. Lox and cream cheese/capers. Salmon nigiri. Oh, and awesome crispy bacon. . I heard the lamb and fish were good. Lobster and shrimp raviolis were also delightful. Overall, I'm not a dessert person, so I only sampled a bits and pieces which weren't bad.. . It took me a whole day to recover from that 3 hour excursion... diners tread carefully.
I came here for lunch and it was a decent $21 for what I got. Though I would have loved to eat prime rib and crab legs, I think the cheaper price definitely made up for it.. . Highlights:. - lamb leg was juicy and tender. - shrimp pesto pizza. - decent pastas. - shrimp cocktail. - sliders were tasty. . Disappointments:. - spicy tuna hand roll was way too spicy. - rotisserie chicken was dry. - macaron filling was terrible. I ended up scraping it out and eating the outer layers. - waitress was inattentive. . Overall, I would say that the food was good for the price I paid. I knew that I wouldn't get the really good stuff because we were only there for lunch so I think the Bellagio buffet was a success :)
I went here for lunch on a weekday and it was extremely affordable and worth the money. They had a wide range of foods from beef, poultry, pasta, seafood, even sushi. Our server was very attentive and brought us our drinks and took away our plates without us having to ask. All of the food was very well prepared. Th cheesecake was very creamy as was the raspberry chocolate mousse. I definitely recommend this place for a lunch, but be prepared to be EXTREMELY full after eating here.
Oh my...there is way too much food here!!! I typically try to avoidbuffets but was going along with the group. In my mind buffets are a little gross with bad quality food but Vegas breaks my negative attitude. . . We went on Friday night for dinner...we got there at 6:15pm and had to wait in line for about 45 minutes. I started talking to the guy in front of me and he told me that he waited an hour and half to be seated on Thursday Night.... wow this guy must love waiting in buffet lines! Oh yeah ATT cell service and 3G were not very good in line, so don't expect to waste some time surfing the net or writing a Yelp Review. . . On to the food...cost per person was 37 bucks. This place was loaded full of high ticket items: Sushi, Crab Legs, Shrimp, Kobe Sirloin, Prime Rib, Beef Wellington, Goose, Quail, and Duck. So if you are looking to try and bust the bank, then I recommend you eat at least 2 pieces of everything I just listed. Also included in the buffet: Salad, Soup and Bread... please don't eat this...if you wanted this don't come here go to the Olive Garden...you will save about 30 bucks. There were also several different pizzas and pastas. And it just keeps going...if you cant find something you like here then you way too picky. A few more items to mention: Pork Ribs, Mac and Cheese, vegetables, Spicy Beef, Asian Noodles...I'm full just typing all of this. And if you are still hungry there is a giant desert bar! I think I am in a food coma...I need to go and roll to my hotel room!!!
This place was legit. It was definitely not as pricey as I thought it was going to be given that it is in the Bellagio Hotel. Regardless, I paid $35 for brunch including the $5 unlimited champagne. And let me tell you...it's good champagne and you don't have to stick to just mimosas. You can try it with grapefruit juice, cranberry juice, etc etc. Possibilities are endless! Not to mention the waiter topped us off every time he'd pass by our table.. . And the food was to die for. Everything from the eggs to the fish to the prime rib and potatoes is definitely worth trying. Come with an empty stomach and you will leave satisfied. We ate at 1pm and I did not eat anything for the rest of the day...I was THAT stuffed. Definitely try the pizzas, prime rib, and eggs benedict. The sushi I would not recommend; the selection was ok and the line got way too crazy.. . And then there are the desserts. There is a wide selection and everything is pretty much bite-sized so you can essentially try every single one. And then of course there are fruits and muffins and croissants and etc etc. . . Overall, definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas. I did not give it 5 stars because I expected more variety in the pasta/steak sections and the sushi was a let-down.
Very good buffet!!!  Cold snow crab legs (2 kinds) cracked open for you, prime rib, BBQ ribs, roasted chicken, sushi, ceviche, pasta (lobster ravioli, manicotti, and penne), fruits, dessert.  . . I only wish the snow crab legs could be served hot with butter, but everything was good and fresh, their seafood was the best thing they had!!  Prime rib was good but all the other meats were just OK.  Their carrot cake and passion fruit mousse was really good for dessert.  Pasta was also very good.
I remember this Buffet being amazing.  It was really really good, but I am not sure if it was that incredible this time around. . . Lots of good food and the service was nice.  We got in before 9:30 so there wasn't a line.  By the time we got out the line was waaay out the door.  . . Love the made-to-order omelet and the delicious shrimp galore.  The roasted potatoes were the absolute highlight. Yum! The desserts are beautiful and tasty.  Will be back when I am in Vegas.
I was at this buffet this past weekend for MLK weekend. I have to say, success! My girlfriends and I went around 2:30pm. We took our time eating  and eventually stayed until the dinner items came out at 4pm. Yes, we ate a lot. But we also ate really slow since the night before of course was filled with a little too much alcohol! They have a pesto mashed potatoes which is so good! They had rack of lamb and whole rotisierre chicken. When dinner items came out they of course have alaskan king crab legs and snow crab legs. The chicken noodle soup was perfect after a night of drinking. They also has Ostrich. I tried it out because I figured I'd never eat it anywhere else. Not bad. Tastes normal. The servers were friendly. There is a full bar in there. Their sushi selection wasn't the best.
I went for lunch on a weekday and there was no line.  . . Yeah, it was a good, solid buffet.  I didn't eat as much as I wanted to -- I think I just didn't pace myself very well.  But I think if I had been hungrier this would have been worth $20 for lunch.. . From what I remember, the best items were:. - a mountain of shrimp cocktail (be careful not to take too many tho!  leave room for other things!). - very decent steak. - ribs. - smoked salmon and scallops. . Their Asian selection was pretty unimpressive looking (both the sushi and hot Asian Fusion sections) but, hey,  I didn't come to taste the delicacies of the world.  I came to engorge on meat and seafood and -- oh yeah, dessert!. . The dessert section, sadly, didn't taste as good as it looked.  A couple of the items were pretty good but most were average or below average.  They had chocolate dipped strawberries but ran out before I could get any :(. . I'd probably come back.  But next time, I want crab legs!!!. . P.S. Non-alcohol drinks are free and distributed by waiter service.  If you want booze though, you can go to the bar and pay extra.
The seafood selection alone makes the $30 price worth it. I went back for multiple bowls of tuna and salmon poke and plates of sushi. Don't be fooled, it is still a Vegas buffet. It's still not the best food you'll ever have... unless it is.. then.. yikes, sorry. They have this Kobe beef... I should say "kobe" beef. It was good, it just was so not kobe beef. The desserts were adorable, they even had french macaroons. I just wish they had more toppings for their ice cream. Typical vegas buffet, maybe a step up from the rest. I'd go again. But not for a while, I'm still full from this place.
Worth coming to.  I went here a year ago and the items I remember were the beef wellington and the green mashed potatoes.  Both of them were delicious!!!  Therefore, make sure to try these two items before you get too full up on soso items.  I don't really remember the desserts to well because there was nothing wow.
the best buffet in town (i feel). definitely come here for dinner because they have fancy dishes such as an assortment of different ravioli as well as rack of lamb and special dishes like beef wellington. absolutely impressive. the sushi choice isn't the best but who cares? they have the best of everything else. if you're a breakfast fan, their french toast is fantastic.
The quintessential Vegas buffet and it definitely lived up to its hype. It was a sea of unending food and all of it pleased me immensely. The servers were very prompt in refilling drinks. I was so delighted to sample so many unique foods!
I guess it doesn't get much better than this. Only place for improvement was the table area, which felt like a glorified canteen - a posh one I admit.. . The array of offered food is amazing, you surely should not come without a healthy appetite. But at 19,95 for breakfast I guess nobody will do that.. To avoid another mistake: don't hold yourself up with bread if you want to have a salad to start with - and do take a good look around first, otherwise you might end up well filled too soon because you still keep discovering more dishes. (lol, thinking about it now 10days later makes me hungry).. . Was a bit disappointed with our waiter, who for every other table he worked on had more of a smile than for us - can't say what we could have done, honestly. Since I don't want to jump to conclusions I won't say more. Maybe with all the hovering around the room to get the empty plates off they get disappointed with the puny tips some folks leave... then again, disinterested demeanor is not going to change that.. . But still, couldn't spoil that delicous meal we had there ! Highly recommend.. (oh, come rather early I guess ... only because it was low season we found a table right away, I'm sure. Waiting lines in high season reported to be dozens of yards long)
As many of friend highly recommend this buffet, I had a high expectation. I think it missed a little bit but for the mostly part, this is a very nice buffet to hit in Vegas. . . We went around 4pm to avoid the long wait. I was overwhelmed by varieties of the items. I tried different dish for one or two bits. . . My favorite ones: Spanish Paella with Shellfish. Moisture rice with tender shrimp and shellfish. . Shrimp pizza: Yes. Pizza. I am surprised the wonder taste of shrimp pizza. . Ahi Poke: fresh tuna with perfect spicy taste. . Miso soup with mushroom. . And Dessert! especially Tiramisu. I think I could go next time to just eat the dessert. . . I was not impressed with prime rib nor leg of lamb. Snow crab legs and king crab legs are fine but nothing special. Swordfish and grilled Salmon were dry.
I'm veering towards more of a 3.5 stars.  It's mass produced food, and that's just tricky.  I think it's worth the money though.  We were there on a Sat.  There was kobe top sirloin, lamb chops, king crab claws...the entrees were all solid.  Be sure to diet all day so you can make the money worth it.  As I've heard from other sites, the desserts are weak, but still solid.  I'm glad I made it out here, but will not be returning.  There's just so many other buffets out there to try:)
a good buffet
I do my best at buffets when I'm under the influence of performance enhancing supplements, otherwise it's just a waste of money but at the Bellagio buffet, I wasn't drunk or anything and I enjoyed it. I think I made a total of six trips, 3rd servings of entrees, couple helpings of dessert here and there, tried the congee and some other stuff. I was disappointed that there was no seafood but maybe I came at the wrong time. I was pleased but life is too short to go to the same buffet in Las Vegas, so I'm not sure if I'll return.
Very impressive buffet for $50 on a Saturday. They had prime rib, several different kinds of fish, lobster ravioli ( you need to pick out the Lobsters in this dish), lamb, pan fried quail (not good at all - no taste and not very good texture even though it looked good), salads, kobe sirloins, etc. I think they had some Chinese style dishes (one was roasted pork belly). This place sure has lots of variety and for the most part fairly good quality control. There were some odd dishes and some dishes with very poor quality control which is why this place doesn't get a 5 star. They had a nice selection of desserts, but not the best overall quality. The ambiance is nice and comfortable like an indoor country style setting. Maybe a little too much Chinese style influence on the food (esp with the strange stuff like quail and pork belly). BTW the quail was nothing like true authentic Chinese style roasted quail which is way way way better than Bellagios. Just b careful not to overeat... This will be my last buffet in a long long time if not ever...
I heard that the best two buffets in Vegas are the Bellagio and Wynn buffets.  I have yet to try the buffet at Wynn.  Next trip for sure.  I just tried the buffet at Bellagio.  Very good.  I was very happy.  The selection was good.  The food was good.  The dessert was good.  The service was good.  Thumbs up!  Of the buffets that I tried so far in Vegas, this one is my favorite.  Second comes Monte Carlo, third comes Paris, fourth Carnival ...
awesome buffet! lot of variety! loved their prime rib!!!!!!!!!!! SOO good! was a little disappointed with their dessert section though. sad face.. . salad bar was quite withered.. didn't taste too fresh.. . other than that, delicious!
Only the second-best buffet in Vegas. I write this right after reviewing the Wynn Buffet, and I have to say, GO TO THE WYNN. We went to both buffets on consecutive nights, and I personally thought the Bellagio could do some catching up to do.. . For one, the Bellagio actually seemed like a buffet. The table arrangements and decorations made it seem kinda touristy, as opposed to the classy Wynn. Albeit, the food was still great, but something seemed to be lacking when compared to the Wynn's.. . Bottom line: for the same cost and wait time, go to the Wynn for your premium Vegas buffet experience.
One hour wait for a modest selection of above average food.  They had only two carving stations and two omlet stations.  Bellagio really could have used more of everything or at least a better variety of food.
If you want to get a true Las Vegas buffet experience The Buffet at Bellagio is a must. The food was amazing with a huge variety. Some notable offerings were prime rib, kobe sirloin, chilled king crab legs, and beef wellington. The deserts were amazing, especially the creme brulee and tiramisu. Being one of the more upscale hotels in Legas the buffet is a bit more expensive than others but definitely worth it as the quality matches the price quite well.
The Buffet at the Bellagio is by far my favorite of all of the buffets I have visited in Las Vegas. The wait can be extremely long but I always feel it is worth it. The service is pretty good, some times better than others, but the food variety is beyond compare. Incredible selections from sushi to meats to even the breads! I know it seems silly to get bread at a buffet but it was PRETZEL BREAD!. . I would say the only food variety that was not as great was the Dessert selection, I think the Wynn buffet wins in that department. But for everything else, Bellagio is my favorite!
Loved this buffet.  As a fish-eating vegetarian (ok, pescatarian) all-you-can-eat buffets are rarely a good deal, but I definitely got my money's worth at this one.   . . There were tons of interesting non-meat options; beyond an abundance of salads and pastas there were also less common-place grains, noodles, and well-prepared vegetables available.   Loved the unlimited sushi.   The desserts were plentiful and tasty.   . . I wish there hadn't been a 1 hour wait to get in (Monday night in March) but that was my only complaint.
Honestly I only wanted to give it 3 stars. But, I know for a fact that Bellagio has the highest food cost of all the buffets, so I added another star for quality. . . For what you pay for a weekend dinner, there should be much larger selection. Yes there's prime rib, and various meats. Yes there's an area of just crab for all those people out there trying to earn money at buffets. Yes there's a small sushi area and a row dedicated to Asian food. But when you compare it to M or Wickedspoon... It pales. Especially the dessert section. . . This is a good buffet, don't think i don't appreciate it. And the service was very good and prompt as well. But if I had to choose where to take my family next time they visit, it's gotta be the M. Cheaper, bigger, equally delicious, and plus booze is included!
Expensive but worth it. So glad I tried the infamous Bellagio buffet while in Vegas. They have steak tartar, crab legs, endless veggie options & tons of deliciousness for a reasonable Vegas-buffet price!!
Tasty.  High quality.  Great service.  Boo ya.. . Don't miss out - even though I don't like crab which seems to be the reason most of my friends want to eat there I go anyways because of their RED MEAT.. . Yup - beef, duck, veal, and my non red meats like chicken and pork are great there.  Usually you can get a prime rib or some other premium cut at the central station.  Look for the dude wearing the ridiculous chef whites (to cut meat?) and carrying the enormous knives.. . Have to say the bread is better at the Wynn but who goes to a buffet for the bread.  Desserts are excellent too.  This is one of the top buffets in Vegas.
OMG I think I had like 10 foodgasms while eating here.. . **WARNING: ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS SERVED ONLY ON WEEKENDS!**. . Fortunately, I went on a weekend :D. . There was a long line that seemed to have no ending. However the wait was only about 35mins in total. And I was willing to wait for crab legs! It went by pretty darn quick. . . After I was seated, I rushed towards the buffet. I didn't know where to start. So I just went for whatever I came upon first. ALASKAN CRAB LEGS! They are conveniently cut open in half so you wouldn't have to go through the pain of cracking them open yourself. Dipped in butter with a bit of lemon.. omg.. heaven. . . MEATS:. -beef. -pork. -chicken. -quail. -duck. etc.. . DESSERTS:. They have a HUGEE variety of desserts. anywhere from flan to froyo. . . They also have kobe beef. I got it but I didn't eat it for fear that I'd die from e.coli.. the slice of meat was bleeding on my plate. It didn't seemed cooked at all... . SUSHI:. They also have sushi! hand rolls, rolls, sashimi, etc. Their spicy tuna hand rolls are amazing. I wish I could have taken some home with me... . . SEAFOOD: . -sushi. -crab. -shrimp cocktail. -fish. . SERVICE:. My waitress was very kind and she took all my used plates away immediately. She provided me with a yellow cloth whenever I asked for one. My drink was always filled to the top. . . PRICE:. $40.. . If you crave it, they've got it!
Mass quantiles are the name of the game when it comes to buffets often at the cost of quality, however this is not the case here.. . My friend and I were making a less than sober stagger across the strip when we saw signs for this buffet, and it sounded great. At about $38 with tax it is not cheap.. . to me, a person who does not eat meat often buffet's seem like a rip off, but here I felt like I was the bandit.. . There is a sushi area, it has your usual rolls, nigiri hand rolls etc. The real star here is the Poke, sliced raw fish tossed with soy sauce, scallions sesame seed oil and spices. usually poke of this quality is a $12 app for a martini glass sized bite. I opted for a full dinner plate of this great plate of raw fish.. . Once I cleaned out the sea of all of it's treasures I explored the rest of the buffet. Artisan cheese plate, bok choy, quinoa, and many other gourmet items could be found.. . My friend really enjoyed the kobe beef, it may have been a function of his BAC.. . The dessert section also has many tasting sized bites great for allowing the maximum amount of flavors to be had.
Kobe sirloin, prime rib, salmon, sea bass, bluenose, swordfish, crab legs... quite an assortment of proteins, but the dessert bar can't compare to the Wynn buffet.
I've been here twice, both for lunch at a good $20ish. Both times were enjoyable. . . Atmosphere: Pretty Spacious. From almost anywhere you sit you don't have to walk too far to the food, which is pretty cool. Only three bathrooms inside though - boo.. . FOOD. Good Stuff:. -Rotisserie Chicken is moist. -Pizzas are yummy and had gourmet-like flavors (shrimp pesto!). -Pastas were flavorful and fresh. -SPICY TUNA HANDROLL IS SPICY (Beware: Your mouth will catch fire). -Turkey slider burgers. . -Bread! All types of Bread!. . More on the "meh" side:. -Roast Beef was dry. - Regular sushi rolls are just decent, seaweed salad is salty. -Desserts are average - there is nothing spectacular about them (although most of them are pretty). -Service, as far as beverages and such, might take a while during busy hours. . One last note: GO EARLY. If you want to eat at 5, go at 4. Line gets pretty busy. If you want to go for lunch try to go closer during opening time.. . Overall: It's one of the better buffets in Vegas out there.
There are many Sunday brunch buffets to choose from while in Vegas and trust me I have been to quite a few. The buffet at the Bellagio is my absolute fav and gets a big gold star! It's difficult to prepare food in mass quantity that still tastes like it was made with love. . . On my first round I had a made to order veggie omelet, potatoes, Belgian waffles and the second round I had sushi, pesto mashed potatoes,  a few different salads , asparagus and bread! The tea was even great! Make sure you have one of the fresh baked muffins, they are nice and fluffy. . . On top of the good food, the atmosphere and staff are great!  The price is comparable to most Vegas buffet's. The only downside is the looong  line to get in, so go early.
Not that I'm an expert on Las Vegas buffet places but the 2 times I have come to Vegas, I've gone to this buffet for brunch and have loved every second of it. They have a great assortment ofbreakfast and lunch options such as smoked salmon and trout, scallop ceviche, shrimp coctail, breads, fresh fruit salads, pancakes, eggs, french toast. Anything you can imagine for brunch is there for the mere price tag of $26 (or something like that). They even have a prime rib station. And the roasted potatoes were silky and perfect. I always stock up on the smoked salmon and shrimps and probably get my money's worth there since I'm not much of a buffet eater. I will say that the dessert options were lacking. But the Bellagio buffet is where you eat way too much after having have drank way too much. But, hey, you're in Vegas!
There was so much food. I ate so full I couldn't even walk. . . The line was pretty long when we got there. It was near 2 hours until they would close, but there were still a lot of food. It was soo good. The desserts were so nice to even eat. There was so much choice in desserts too.
Came here to celebrate my last night at Vegas.. . As an FYI, the price for the dinner buffet is $29.95 from Sunday-Thursday and their gourmet buffet (Fridays and Saturdays) is $36.95.. . Another FYI- all non-alcoholic beverages are included in the price but alcoholic drinks are not. . When we got to the line and saw how the line snaked around, I was nervous and pissed off because I thought I'd have to wait; (I'm the impatient type you see pacing around when waiting to be seated ;) however, the line was moving and very efficient and we were seated down in about 20 minutes.. . When I saw the buffet in this place, it seemed neverending; I counted about 9-10 different stations, all separated by ethnicity or types of food. Since I went on a Friday, I paid for the gourmet buffet, which includes Beef Wellington (I think that's why the price difference). . The beef wellington was amazing; very tender and juicy along with everything else. As I ate, I saw a person in the next table of me sitting down with a pile (and I mean a pile) of stone crabs and just watching him devour it was amazing.. . The service was good, not outstanding, but again, you don't come here for the service, just the food :)
next best thing to the Wynn. Only downsides were the fruit was not that sweet and the crab legs were just nasty. Loved everything else especially the creme brulee. tip go for a late lunch and stay for the dinner. tip your waiter well also.
Yes, I will take one bite out of four different dessert cakes and finish only one of them. Chocolate, Strawberry, and Peanut Butter you all fail and fall when Key Lime muscles you up.
The Buffet at Bellagio is quite the attraction. And for good reason. It is one of the best in Vegas. I would not call it tops, but it is up there. As is the case for anything that is good, there was a long wait. But the lines move quickly and the turnover time seems to be reasonable.. . I tried out the breakfast buffet which is a good deal for $15.95. A lot to choose from here. This include your typical bakery favorites like muffins and croissants, alongside sweet dessert items, fruit, oatmeal and cereals for those with a lighter appetite. . . For those of you with a bigger one, there is a lot to choose from here. They had your typical breakfast favorites like sausages (regular and chorizo), bacon, eggs, waffles and pancakes. But they do also have extra things like an omelet bar. They even had a Chinese selection for those preferring more ethnic cuisine. Also nice was the selection of breakfast pizzas offered. I thoroughly enjoyed each item I tried here.. . If you are in no rush to get up, I would suggest hitting up this buffet a little later, say around 10 am. This way, you will be able to enjoy breakfast and also try some of the things on the lunch menu! . . I left completely full and satisfied, so much so that I skipped lunch altogether. Wonderful buffet. It is a shame that the good buffets that I have tried are only to be found in Vegas. Oh well, better for my waistline.
Pretty reasonable. $23 for Brunch/Lunch on Mondays. . Pretty good selections--probly everything you can think of, but no fancy oysters, crabs, toros, etc...
Wow! So pleasantly surprised. It felt like a glimpse of heaven when we first saw all the food! Personally, I don't think you will find a dinner buffet much better than this one on the strip. Especially in comparison to the Wynn, which has gone totally downhill over the past year. . . . The Bellagio buffet has Alaskan King Crab legs. And if they weren't so cold and skinny,  I would've gladly given this buffet 5 stars. However, they had Chilean sea bass which melted in my mouth. They also had a sushi bar with Poki bowls, rolls and sashimi. Not to mention, the dessert bar was pretty delicious.  . . Overall, my friends and I were very pleased with this buffet. It had A TON of things to choose from and I am sad to say that our full stomachs would not permit us even touch half of the delicious variety they offered. . Two things to definitely try  are their white chocolate with nutella filled cones and the Exotic Cake. To die for!!
If you are very hungry, try this buffet.  We were starving, just checked into the Hotel, and found this Buffet the answer to our stomach's prayers.We were seated at the Bar due to an opening, so did not have to wait for an hour.  The bar tender, Georgie was so fun, loved her job, and kept our glasses full.  The highlight for me was the bluenose fish with rice, and the shrimp sauteed with peppers, all in all delicious.  My husband, the carnivore, loved the beef wellington.  I was disappointed with the crab legs, too frozen.  I would recommend getting in line alittle early to beat the rush, or sit at the bar like we did.  Outstanding buffet!!
STRONG meat selection!! Probably the best buffet meat in Vegas.... . 2 WORDS : BEEF WELLINGTON.   TRY it w/ the Hollandaise sauce.... I love the rich/creamy texture that sits over the crust of the meat.  YUM!!!. . When I go here w/ my wife we're looking at a $100(ish) dollar bill... so I always try to breakdown my meal.. . I go for the prime rib and beef wellington 3 times and I feel that I've gotten my money's worth!. . But wait there's more!!!! The dessert station is huge.  I love the key-lime pie, sometimes I'll experiment w/ the gelato and do some funky thing which always ends up delicious!. . I can't imagine eating anything other than buffet food while in Vegas, the Buffet at the Bellagio doesn't disappoint.. . I'd consider it very CLEAN... the look of the venue definitely has some class... I mean it's a buffet nevertheless, but a buffet w/ class is always a treat.. . Why can't we have these places in SoCAL?!! Man... really contemplating doing a one night stay for some food right now, damn you...
We were really pleased with the quality of food and service. We went to the Sunday Brunch. It'd 24.95 without champagne and 29.99 with. I got a shrimp omelet, prime rib, French toast and hazelnut French toast. Everything was really good. My boyfriend got the pork belly and that was excellent.
One of the best buffets I've been to in Las Vegas! I was there for a late lunch. Everything was fresh and top quality. Some favorites included the bbq ribs and gourmet pre-made salads. Starting at 4pm (for dinner), there are mountains of King crab and Snow crab which were good, (but a bit salty). Desert options include sugarfree cheesecake, which was creamy!
Excellent.  Very good variety for a fair price (about 40 bucks).  Everything was delicious including the desserts.  Cant beat it.  Your eyes are just so much bigger than your stomach that you wish you could eat more/longer without feeling sick.  Awesome buffet.  One of the best I've ever had.  Salmon sushi and crab legs were the highlight for me.. . 4.5 stars
Oh my crab legs!  Pretty sure there is almost everything you can think of here.  Where do I begin!  Miso soup was slightly salty...there is tons of sushi everywhere and fresh veggie rolls.  The crabs legs are already cracked for you and there is a huge pile of crab and shrimp.  . . All the food is really good and there is a huge variety whether you are a steak lover or a vegetarian.  The dessert section is huge too!  The service there is great too.  Victor was our waiter and he was really attentive- always had a glass full of whatever we were drinking and plates were cleared right away.  He was also very friendly!  I'm pretty sure I ate 10+ pounds of food here and ruined whatever wedding diet I had going on, but it was totally worth it and I would definitely do it again.
My family and I went here on 5/4/11 which was a wednesday.  We went right at 330pm which is the best time to go before 4pm and pay the lunch price of $17.99 and be able to try thier lunch at dinner courses.  Dinner is $29.99  Unfortunately we didnt get to try lunch because we waited in line for 30 mins but thats the case at any buffet in Vegas.  When our turn was up and we were led to a table I looked around and I felt the place was a little tight in space.  The atmoshpere felt old and out dated and the lights were very dim as if it was meant to be romantic but i guess thats ok for some people.  The buffet line up did not move me off my feet like the Sutdio B buffet at the M Resort and Casino but none the less it held its own.  I was a little disappointed by the options because i had high expectations because of my fellow yelpers.  Dont get me wrong the Bellagio buffet is good just not as good as Studio B but it is conveniant for being on the strip..      The buffet is like a big letter "C' with the beverage bar and dessert station in the center of it all.  I dont know why but one side of the whole place was completely empty while everyone was jam packed on the other side.  Anyways, of course being a carnivore i started with the carving station which had prime rib (my all time favorite), roast of lamb, turkey breast and Kobe beef tri tip.  I know my steaks and the Kobe beef tri tip was really dry and i could tell it was Kobe beef because of the high fat content but for some reason is was very disappointing.  All these meats were accompanied by the usual sauses such as horseradish cream, au jus and gravy but thats all they were, usuals.  At the beginning of the buffet is the salad bar and i made it a mission to try and make me a plate of salad, but i failed lol.  Im a carnivore!  Next was the soup station but i didnt have any of that either and then the carving station followed by the seafood station.  I had some crab but it wasnt anything special and it was snow crab not the jumbo kind.  At the end of the line is a sushi station which had real sushi chefs( at least thats what they appered to be) making sushi.  The one thing i found funny was they had the vegetable sushi and crab sushi signs in the wrong places and i still managed to confuse myself.  Ha!  The sushi wasnt anything special either plus they didnt have anything set out when i walked up and there were like 10 people waiting.  I spotted the Ahi Poke and darted for it before anybody else realized it hahaha snooze you lose..      My family had a little bit of everything because that is what you do at a buffet.  If you fill up on one thing then your gonna leave the rest undiscovered and when you find out theres more you're too stuffed.  Everyday we were in Vegas, my 3 yr old always wanted to eat ice cream, shes a junk food junkie, so im sure her favorite was the dessert station.  I really liked the dessert station too and that is the one the Bellagio buffet has on the Studio B buffet.  The desserts were really good especially for buffet fare.  Would i go back? In a heart beat!
The best aspect of the weekend brunch was bottomless champ for $5. I did some calculations. A bottle of comparable champagne is about $2.99; you must drink approximately 1.5 bottles to break even, which would normally be no problem except doing so in a buffet would decrease eating efficiency.. . Another highlight of my experience was the shrimp pizza. The only negative experience was standing behind skinny people picking through the baskets of shrimp, who appeared to be choosing quality over quantity. Also, the total lack of oysters on the half shell. . . I never witnessed the desert buffet with my own eyes because I was immobilized after eating lots of pizzas and Prime Rib. I recovered by immediately passing out on my hotel bed.
I like to go here during the breakfast/brunch hours. There is a lot of selection and two omelet stations. The salad and fruits also look fresh. . . The stations are neatly separated and organized and are wide enough for plenty of people to get through. . . Just prepare to wait in line if you are not a pearl+ mlife member; otherwise, little to NO line :)
Finally got to try what Kobe beef taste like. It was so soft and chewy! . Love the king crab and snow crab legs. I love how they already cut the legs in half for you, making eating the meat so much easier. . Sushi - so much to choose from! . You'll be distracted by the pretty presentation of the desserts. . Service was very good.
Now this is a satisfying experience and should be able to please most people. They scam you a little bit though by not telling you upfront that the japanese and italian stations do not lay out their stuff until noon. We were there at 11am, as were many others and by noon we had already eaten at other stations and were reasonably full. But we loved the decor, most of the food that was available to us. When the sushi finally came up it was better than sushi I have eaten at other buffets..Hope that helps!
Perhaps it was a case of it being the first buffet I can remember having in Vegas or perhaps it was just a good day, but the Bellagio Buffet was a trip well worth the wait and the price.  (To note, I had the Sunday brunch for $29.95 with unlimited champagne).. . After getting seated at a table and paying, you are greeted by a waiter that gives you drinks of all sorts.  Afterwards, the variety of food is wonderful.  From seafood to breakfast items to noodles to meat, nearly every item at the buffet seemed to have a great taste in mind behind it and was just a joy to eat.  The unlimited succulent shrimp was delicious and the bowtie noodles with fettuccine sauce and chicken were superb.  Add to that the banana hazelnut french toast and the great desserts (sugar-less cheescake was wonderful), I had a hard time leaving. . . Admittedly, the Asian cuisine was not up to par at all whether it was the oddly flavored shrimp spring rolls or the bland sushi and there was some other bland dishes, but the variety and the taste were great.  . . The line is long; for non-Bellagio residents, the Sunday Brunch wait for me was about an hour.  Bellagio guests had first priority.. . So yes, I am a Las Vegas newbie; but as an introduction to buffet life at Vegas, life seems pretty good.
Very very pricey but worth it especially when you know that 88 chefs made your breakfast/lunch. It's grand alright. Lots of desserts, some sushi, had turkey, steak, oatmeal, regular cereal, grits, soups, some chinese food, fried stuff. Kind of stuff you would see at a regular buffet just presented nicely. . . Loved their blueberry muffins, green mashed potatoes, and turkey. Everything else was just ok. . . Go for the experience... $27 for brunch where are you ever going to do that?
I don't remember everything I ate here. I'm terrible at writing reviews for buffets because all I do is pick whatever I like and eat it and if I don't like it, I just trash it. Well, I  do like this place because I actually did almost eat everything I picked. . . This is random but I'm a Mac and Cheese lover. This place has the best Mac and cheese. it was in a mini casserole dish and the breadcrumbs just topped it off. Brilliant. This buffet won my heart. Their desserts are pretty bomb too. I had too much of those. I ate a lot here, period. I wish I remembered exactly what i ate but I don't. I just know I came out here as a happy camper with food coma lol.. . I'd definitely come back again whenever I have the time to eat because I never have the time to eat in Vegas!. I'm sorry for neglecting you but I will be returning this summer =D
This buffet is one of my favorite place to go in Vegas. The food is great, I've not been disappointed. When I was here early this year, our original server was doing great, but she had to leave forwards the end of our meal. The server that took over for her was horrible! we always had to flag her down if we need a refill on our drinks or even to have her clear our plates. Give this place a try!
OMG.  The desserts!?!  Need I say anymore?. . Went here last time with my friends and we did the arrive/pay for lunch, eat the dinner.  I highly recommend doing this because you save $$$$$ when you each at odd times.  And honestly, if you're going to be out the night before, rolling out of bed at 1pm, getting dressed and walking over will set you at the perfect timing to eat here.. . Food itself, compared to the other buffets has a wider, much tastier selection.  I had come here a few years ago with my family, and we were so rushed that we didn't get to eat everything we wanted to.  This is one of those places you really need to take your time to eat...cuz there's so much TO eat!  The beef wellington, the kobe beef, the rabbit dish, the sushi selection, the lamb, the pork, the list continues until OMG THE DESSERTS!  Every one of them is perfectly portioned to eat just the smallest size you want and then toss the rest of it.  YUM.. . The place itself is kind of an older feeling because the place itself is a little older.  But the food makes up for it.  The conclusion: go for it, but make sure you're going at the RIGHT time.  Definitely one i will return to the next time I go again!
I honestly think this is still the best dinner buffet in Vegas. . . In terms of cost, variety, quality and presentation, you can't get any better. We paid $30 for a dinner buffet that had so much food that I couldn't even try everything. The items that I was able to try was delicious with the exception of 1 fish dish. It tasted a little rubbery and was probably cooked too long. Other than that, try the King Crab legs, pesto mashed potatoes, prime rib, creamed spinach, tuna sashimi with spicy sauce and their desserts.
Came here recently, this time for breakfast. Loved the bacon, but the eggs were abit runny. They had salmon and beef tenderloin and it was delicious. The price for breakfast is a great price, $15.99. Waffles were so-so, I wish they had the regular normal sized.
This was our first stop on my trip to Vegas. Of course the line was long and slow, but the food was actually worth the wait. They had this really nice mushroom ravioli that seemed to satisfy everyone in my group. They did faulted a little on the Kobe beef the night we went to eat, but their desserts out did themselves as we couldn't get enough. Sadly I took one star away for price of food compared to the type of food they served. It seems more of our expenses went to pay off the atmosphere more then the food. Overall its a good place, NOT the best in my opinion but id definitely come back for a light lunch or brunch.
Love the breakfast buffet here. My favorites were the eggs benedict, eggs florentine, crepes, salads, desserts and coffee. All top quality from the service received to our freshly brewed, flavorful coffees. Eggs benny were perfect which is impressive to maintain for a buffet sitting under the heat lamps. If you go 1/2 hr. before the lunch turnaround, you'll get to experience lunch items too. Will be back on our next trip!
I have been here a handful of times. It is a really massive buffet with a ton of seafood and interesting options (not just your run-of-the-mill buffet spread). It is expensive, but if you're going to make it your meal of the day it is worth it. I am giving 4 stars only because there was one experience where I came here before closing and the food was cold and unreplenished (cliearly not acceptable when you are dropping this kind of cash). Every other time however the buffet was amazing.. . . Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
I've been here twice now and the food is delicious. There is a big selection of seafood and innovative dishes. The dessert is also amazing. As someone with a huge sweet tooth it was hard to ignore on my first round through the buffet, but I managed. The presentation of the desserts was beautiful and they tasted great too, especially the bread pudding. . . The most recent time that I went, we went because we remembered there being sushi. Unfortunately, there was yogurt and fruit in its place and they started setting up the sushi section as we were leaving.. . The service of fabulous. We were there for the unlimited champagne brunch ($5 extra). She joked around with us, cleared our plates, and made sure that our champagne glasses were always full.
This is one of the better, solid buffets in Vegas. Went back for a second time for breakfast this past weekend. Our waitress was an amazing improvement over the last one, making sure we always had champagne and water, joking around with us, and she was just very sweet. . . The buffet seemed to have less items than last time I was there. We arrived around 7AM, and many things were missing, such as the sushi, hand rolls, prime rib, etc. They put thew food out as we were leaving a few hours later, but if we paid the same price as those who came later in the morning, shouldn't we get the same food, too? But I loved my shrimp omelet, the chicken biryani, and all of the other items.
The best buffet I have ever tried in a very long time. It is a bit pricey about $27 per person for dinner. I was a bit disappointed at the selection. I thought there would be more selection of food. The wait was about half an hour. Overall, a good place to eat buffet.. . TIP: if you want to try EVERYTHING, I suggest taking a biteful of everything! That way, you won't be as full.
The Buffet at Bellagio has been a mainstay of my staycations and previous Vegas vacations before I moved here. It has never let me down..    It is an example of, "you get what you pay for.' Not of being ripped off. I rate the ambiance and quality of food highly..   The live meat station has featured top tasting ribs and steak on my dinner visits. On brunch visits, I have enjoyed a bagel with lox and cream cheese. And I have had zero complaints over any of the food here..    Timing is everything when it comes to paying. One minute there will be no line and a few minutes later there will be a line backed up to the casino.
Great selection of food. Had to wait about an hour in line though...
My favorite buffets in Vegas are Wynn & Bellagio.. While the Wynn is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous inside...I feel like the Bellagio has an edge food wise.. . This past visit I wasn't exactly 100% satisfied.. We waited 1.5 hours in line (Yes..I was dying of starvation halfway through).. . Helpful Hints:.  - Dinner is pricey at $36.99 for weekends. Do what I do and come right before 4pm (which is when lunch ends)and pay lunch prices. . Cheap I know..but I'm Asian.. - Crab legs here are CRAZY salty.. - One of my fav. was was the salmon & ahi poke. SUPERRR spicy but I kept going back for more.. . This place is consistently solid and you won't be disappointed (unless you waited over 1 hr in line...then you'll just be mad).. Not exactly worth the $40 dinner price..but if you can get in for cheaper than go for it!
Bellagio. Makes me wait for a long time in the line.. . The quality of the food is excellent compared to Spice market buffet. I would suggest this place for seafood lovers and people . . 5 star for seafood lovers. 5 star who go to expensive restaurants.. 5 star quality. 3.5 to 4 star - my taste buds
Champagne brunch was soooo worth it! Unlimited champagne, mountains of king crab legs, breakfast, lunch, desserts etc.. what more can you ask for?. . Luckily we arrived early enough Sunday morning to beat the rush. We were there around 9-10am
Let me start by saying: Oh. My. God. I've never stood in line for one and a half hours for dinner before.. . Moving on... My boyfriend is not a fan of buffets, but hearing that their Gourmet Dinner has Kobe beef, he was willing to try. The steak was very good for buffet standards (although for $40 you'd expect them to be good), you can choose medium rare or well-done, we had the medium rare and it was tender and juicy. The lamb was good too, but the taste is very strong, I was overwhelmed by the second slice. They also serve regular steaks and wellingtons.. . The Mac & Cheese is AWFUL, totally tasteless. I tried a few pieces of each of their pastas and none of them tasted memorable. I went around a whole circle of the place and took a spoonful of most of the dishes they were serving and nothing really stood out to me (other than the various steaks).. . Now, we must talk about desserts. Why? Because I love them, if you don't, you can skip ahead.. Cheesecake - oh so very good. It melts in your mouth and the flavor is so rich but at the same time it isn't overwhelming at all. Must try!. Carrot cake - standard, flavorful and not too much icing.. Tarts - there are various different tarts but I didn't quite like them. The Lime Tart is super sour.. Tiramisu - it tasted more like coffee mousse to me, but it's not bad.. Chocolate cake - very good! The chocolate flavor is very rich.. Caramel Pudding - the pudding was lacking taste, the caramel sauce couldn't really save it either.. . All in all, I'm not sure we'd go back when we visit Vegas again (mainly due to the unimaginably long lines), but if you're a steak and dessert lover, this is a good place to go!
Really good food. I mean, it has a whole variety of quality stuff and the place is bee u tee ful...well, for a buffet restaurant that is. There were sirloin steak, prime ribs, pork strips. Price is ridiculous, but I'd go as far as say it's worth the 25-30 dollars (Depending on what time you go) because the food really is good. The service was kinda "ehh", but the waitress was old so I won't hate. :)
Daaaaaaamn!!! (in a good way) This is one of the best buffets I've been too. There's a wide variety of food the changes!!! yes CHANGES As you eat! The truffled oil infused pasta might change with lobster ravioli!. There's a lot of food here for any one who's a foodie.. . Beef wellington, prime rib, all good!!! they have snow crab legs and king crab legs. I took one star off because they really should come out unfrozen. tsk tsk.. . Dessert was delicious creme brule, cookies, pana cotta, mmmmm good. . . I suggest that if you're a college student on a budget go here about 60 to 80 minutes before dinner service and after the wait in line you should be able to get in to dinner  for lunch prices.
Great food for the price this buffet really changed my opinion of buffet food the selections at the Bellagio Buffet are great and tasty.
One of the better buffets on the strip I have been to in Vegas. A little pricey, but it is Vegas, and it is the Bellagio so I guess $35 wasn't too bad. . Things I really liked were the sushi (good sushi, not just the crappy California rolls that are everywhere else), loved the fact that they had tuna poke by the sushi too as I love poke. The shrimp pesto pizza and pesto pasta were good also. Enjoyed the salad bar eventhough it was pretty standard, but it was nice to get some salad. The desserts were absolutely amazing, and the ones that really stuck out were the creme brulee, flan, the cones filled with chocolate creme and topped with a raspberry, and this pudding type dessert in a cup which seemed like heavy cream with strawberry reduction ontop. Overall a very good buffet
The line was long but well worth the wait. . I LOVED this buffet (and I'm not much of a buffet person). I restocked my plate a few times to try a little bit of everything. Most I liked and the things I didn't like were because I generally don't like those foods. The dessert table was probably my favorite. I wanted everything but opted for the Apple pie and bread pudding. Mmmm...
Great buffet with unlimited mimosas, I only partook in the unlimited OJ Though. . . Definitely come here if you have a big group of people... and for those late stragglers, you can ask the hostto let your guests jump the line and come on in.... Awesome (we were the late comers...)
4 stars, the buffet was pretty good, but my loyalty is towards another buffet place in Vegas.  I like their selection of meats, since I'm always willing to venture and try different type of meats.  They had some elk which was very good.  Their dessert selection is really good too.
Bellagio is back! A long time ago before Wynn Resort even existed Bellagio was the king! Then it slipped, but now they seem to get their game back on...at least with their buffet for starters. The wait still is a bitch, but once seated, ta-da! I had no complaint whatsoever...well, except for the old loser purposely piled up new crab legs after I picked through the old ones was a pathetic display of discrimination toward Asians. LOL! The price was fair($30 weeknights), prime rib & lamb shank all done right, our favorite shrimp cocktails were bigger & more succulent than all competitors, desserts all tasted just delishiyoso! I can go on, but don't want to bore anyone. Just very glad Bellagio gained our taste buds' confidence back after the disappointment at Aria's poor impression on not only "so-called" interior design, but also very bad service.  Long live Bellagio XD
My friends and I were in Vegas this pass weekend and we decided to go here since I heard that it is one of the better buffets in Vegas.We came here for lunch on a friday afternoon. The line was long, but not too bad. There was a large group of us and I paid $25, which included gratuity. A lot cheaper than what I expected. . . Service was really quick and efficent as oppose to most buffets in Vegas. Our server was really on top of things and extremely friendly. Some of the items that really stood out for me was:. -Eggs Benedict. -Mini Sliders. -Tri-tip. -Pesto Tortellini. -Bow tie pasta. -Chow Mein. -Spicy Tuna Hand rolls. -Tiramisu. -Chocolate cake. . At first my friends wanted to do the all you can eat buffet pass thing for 45 bucks, but we decided we wanted quality over quantity and I am glad we went here. Very good quality food and service.
Best buffet in LV in my opinion. You just cant go wrong here. Great selection of salads, hot food, and what my wife calls the best part of the meal DESERTS! I also heard the brunch buffet was way worth it. Just come early as the lines can get wrapped quickly.
I'm not usually a frequent buffet goer, but this is probably the best buffet I have been to. The wait to get inside wasn't too long when I went for and early dinner (~20 min), but it's understandable why they would take their time letting people in even though there are tables available. The buffet area isn't too large and if every table is full of people, it would be chaos. . . The food I enjoyed the most was the seafood. In a quick summary: the sea bass (YUM!), smoked salmon, and crab legs (YUM!!!). The mussels were a bit sandy and the sushi wasn't that good either, but it made up for it by having some delicious desserts. The creme brulee was to die for, so creamy and with a hint of coffee flavor, and the raspberry chocolate mousse cone had a wonderful surprise on the bottom of the cone. Definitely worth trying every single dessert, they're all petit sized so yes it is possible and no one will judge. Also the watermelon was ridiculously red, I couldn't resist eating a whole bunch of slices!. . The waiters were nice and pretty quick, but our waiter definitely got a little bit confused with the drinks. We ordered a ginger ale, coke, and iced tea. The first time he brought the ginger ale, coke, and a sprite; second time he brought a ginger ale, sprite, and iced tea, very weird. Not that picky so it didn't really matter too much.. . the buffet is a def must when in vegas
someone once told me that the wynn is better than the bellagio. WELL THAT PERSON LIED TO ME. i've tried both and i think bellagio just has better quality food and the atmosphere is nicer too.. . after a night of clubbing and being hung over the entire day and perhaps still drunk, making my way to the bellagio buffet is something i always look forward to. you pay first, and i usually come here around 4:30 and pay for lunch and stay til dinner when they bring out the crab legs and other dinner dishes (i'm asian..). the first time i came here, i had the best waitress. she hyped up the orange juice! her exact words were "we have the best orange juice, all hand squeeze, with no additional water or sugar added!" what a sweet chinese lady! so of course, we all got glasses of orange juice and she wasn't lying! the orange juice was the best!. . the dishes i love getting here:. . 1. steak. 2. sushi/sashimi. 3. smoked salmon. 4. CREME BRULEE (i can eat 5 of these). . i definitely think it's a must-go buffet in vegas, and i guess the wynn isn't bad, but i personally prefer bellagio.
Avec celui de la Wicked Spoon au Cosmopolitan, le buffet du Bellagio fait certainement partie des meilleurs buffets des casinos de Las Vegas.. . Pour 25$ par adulte a midi (le classement Yelp en $$$ est d'ailleurs erronne), vous profiterez a volonte de salades originales et variees, depoissons et de viandes parfois decoupees sous vos yeux, de patisseries delicieuses (brownies fondants, lime pie). En plus d'une cuisine occidentale, vous pourrez deguster de plats plus exotiques  (bons sushis, mais egalement teriyaki, nouilles sautees, ceviche).. . Seul bemol : un cadre ordinaire et vieillisant (debut 80) qui coute selon moi au buffet du Bellagio sa cinquieme etoile
very respectable and fresh buffet. great selection of foods, and most of them were excellent. had delicious ravioli, pork sticky buns, crab, and more. the sushi was good but nothing to rave about, but they had a delicious ahi tuna poke that made up for any lack in the department. the buffet is on the expensive side, about $36/person, and the wait when we went around 6pm on a saturday night was about an hour and a half, but it was worth the wait. word of advice: leave yourself some time to nap after the buffet before you go out!
I have been to the Bellagio buffet at least a dozen times in the past.  It has always been the place to eat for me and my family when it comes to buffets in Las Vegas.  I brought my fiance here during our recent vacation over Labor Day weekend and it did not disappoint.  The wait was not too bad, maybe 30 minutes at 7pm on the Friday night.  I wasn't happy that they marked up the price only because it was a holiday weekend, nothing changed with the buffet that I noticed.. . Overall, the quality of the food was great, of course like with every buffet there are hits and misses.  One disappointment was their kobe beef.  Whenever you see kobe beef you think high quality meat that will melt in your mouth, well this kobe steak they advertised was grossly dry, and the slice I got was rare too!   They did have this skirt steak though, marinated in some great sauce with seasoning that was so tender, excellently prepared!  The rack of lamb was ok, had a lot of rosemary taste to it which was pleasant.  The peking duck surprisngly was very tasty.  At first we were both skeptical about the duck because the chef there didn't even seem to know how to chop it!  . . And of course, what we came for was perfect.  The prime rib was so rare and so tender, and well seasoned for taste.  The king crab legs, oh gosh, excellent!!  Makes me wonder why they even serve snow crab for.  Oh speaking of which, I was on my way back with dessert when I saw this guy, with a huge pile of snow crab legs, he saw the king crab legs and said something to his wife, and dumped all the snow crab back onto the pile and began hoarding king crab legs, so bad!. . The desserts were just ok here, the creme brulee was decent, the flan was just ok, fruit tart was tasty.. . Overall, I would have give this place a 5 star rating based on the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs alone as these are some of the best I have ever had at any buffet.  However due to the misses and lackluster dessert and mark up of the price with nothing extra special to show for it, I will have to give it a 4 star rating.  Still, I would come back every time I am in town for just the prime rib and king crab alone!. . . 7 - Ambiance (decent setting, dimly lit, huge layout). 7 - Service (dishes were cleared out promptly, slow on drink refills). 3 - Price (not happy the price was marked up with nothing special to show for it). 9 - Portions (excellent variety of quality foods). 9 - Quality (going off the big two of prime rib and king crab legs, fabulous). . Dinner: Fri. Sep 2, 2011
The buffet was good...ample selection.....just did not like the fact they raised the price by 40% for labor day weekend.....talk about breakfast @ 32.99 per person...it was a little on the pricey side....but, food was good, and we enjoyed every dishes they had....
We came here based on all the previous praise from fellow Yelpers. It's a popular buffet, but the line went fast. After 25 minutes we were enjoying food from everywhere. Sushi, steak, pasta, mac and cheese (I have a special place in my heart reserved for it), salads, cheesecake and more. . . Unfortunately, we made it there for the last half hour of buffet time so the food wasn't as fresh as we were hoping, but overall, still delicious. (Be smarter than us and be there by 7:00.) Check out my photo of the lovely dessert shelves.
You will have to wait but it will be worth it.. . There was an amazing variety here and everything was prepared well.  The crab legs can be thrown into salty boiling water so they are hot and are already split.  Call me old-fashioned but I would prefer cracking them myself.  There was little that anybody at the table didn't like and the general consensus was that the sushi was not made well since the rice kept falling apart.  The spicy tuna roll was good though.  Also, we all got several desserts.  Most of them were delicious and very cute.. . Our server was great as well!  He gave us tips on how to maximize stomach space and kept us hydrated.  We were there for a holiday weekend so unfortunately we paid a higher price than normal.  . . However, I would definitely come back when I am in Vegas next.
Long lines are a bummer but once you get in, the orgy of food is overwhelming. Went here for brunch with friends and I was amazed that I could have sushi alongside prime rib and an eggs benedict. I didn't necessarily eat them in that order but sometimes that's what Vegas buffets are supposed to be! . . They have a nice dessert bar too, could be bigger but still nice, if you still have room by the end of your meal, that is.
Went over a holiday weekend. Unfortunately, that meant the prices were higher - but they seemed to try to bring out the best at this time too.. . They advertised a "Kobe steak" bar, which I hit up on the first stop - I was excited about this, but unfortunately, this must not have been a good cut of kobe beef. First of all, I've had kobe beef ny strip steaks. You're probably looking at $90+ for a 12 oz steak. Whatever they were serving had no marbling of fat throughout the meat and it was dry and over cooked. Unfortunately, this steak was shadowed by their flank steak, which was much better prepared and more flavorful.. . Anyway, they also had king crab legs, snow crab legs, rack of lamb, and chilean sea bass, to name a few other favorites. Overall, the food quality was good, and the variety that the buffet offers definitely is appropriate for the amount that you pay. I might add that you might want to stay away from the sushi bar though - really the only part I'd say wasn't very good.. . My only advice is you definitely want to save room for dessert. As good as the food was, I'd say that the dessert was even better.
Came for dinner and the buffet is amazing as I last remember!. Enough food but not overwhelming to where you can't take a bit of everything offered. The sushi, salmon poke and tunapoke were delicious. Surprisingly good consider it is a buffet.. . The dessert section is great. I mean glorious great. Lots of sweets offered. The creme burlee is good but it isn't warm- well yea it is sitting out for awhile. And there's an abundance of chocolate cover strawberries. OohhhMeeeGeee, forget eating real dinner food. Comatose from stuffing my face with chocokate cover strawberries.. The cheesecake was also delicious. Nice soft texture.. . Our server was great. There was a birthday in our group and the server came out with a dessert plate and sang happy birthday to her! Loveeed It.
Really Great selection. Great coffee, bad deserts
I love the Bellagio buffet! But I hate its waits! But i guess its worth it for what your getting. They have so many different options its nuts. I guess its worth the wait and the price! Just be sure to eat as much as you can cause it isn't cheap! . . The thing that I mostly love about their buffet is the meats and the dessert! I will always come back to the Bellagio buffet. Not to mention walking through there hotel is nice also. Very great ambiance and they have the largest chocolate fountain located inside the casino. . . If you want a spacious place to eat with your family and you don't mind spending a lot and eating great food! Come here because this place is supposedly one of the biggest and best buffets in the world.
This buffet is actually really good.  Lunch was $20; which isn't bad at all for what you get.. . As expected, there's a huge variety of good to great tasting food.  The range of nationalities to choose from here isn't as diverse as a lot of other Las Vegas buffets, but the selection is still impressively vast.. . I personally would recommend the roasted chicken (melts in your mouth), and of all things, the sliders (both the beef and the turkey)!. . TIP: If you gamble enough, use your MGM player's card at the register to get your meal partially/fully comped.. . TIP #2: As with all buffets, if it fits into your schedule, try to time your entrance into the buffet for the very end of lunch.  This way, they'll be bringing out the (pricier) dinner items, and you will have paid the lunch price!  ;)
The best buffet that I had during my recent trip to Las Vegas.  The other two buffets that I tried were More at Luxor and Buffet at the Aria.  Those both pare in comparison to this buffet.  While I had no line to wait in at more the buffet at Aria had a long line as did the Bellagio buffet when we arrived at a little before 4.  . . While there was a line it moved fairly quickly and we were seated within 30 minutes.  Once getting past the hostess and were showed to our seats it is a wonder to me why there is even a line.  More than half of the room we were sitting in was empty and it seemed there were more than enough servers and bussers to handle this size room.  . . Well getting past all of these things and getting to the food.  The choices seemed like they were endless.  The buffet line runs the backside of the wall and pretty much runs from one side of the dining room to the other.  . . They had:. . Kobe beef. Prime rib. pork loin. turkey. king crab legs. snow crab legs. sushi . poke. breads. soups. salad bar. and the list could go on and on. (And all of this for $26 a head.. . Almost everything that I tried here was delicious except for the crab legs and the kobe beef.  It is a shame what they did to the kobe beef it wasn't tender or juicy but dry and bland.  The chef that cooked this meat should be fired as it is the worst peace of steak I have ever had.  It tasted so bad I wasn't even sure if it was Kobe beef or not.  Another shame is the crab legs, these things tasted like they had been soaked in salt water over night and were the saltiest crab legs I have ever tried.  . . Getting away from these two bad things the service was excellent and all of the other entrees that I have were just spectacular.  Won't be back to this buffet for a while as there are still many more in Las Vegas to try.  But one of the better buffets I had during my recent trip.
Definitely one of the best buffet in Vegas. Lots of variety, fine dishes. . Highly recommended.. On the pricier range but from sushis to lamb chips to crab legs to steak, you get it all.
Come on Friday or Saturday for dinner because those are the only nights that they serve their amazing beef wellington.. . Also, their tea selection is good quality and comes with a cute mini honey container.  If you enjoy drinking tea, you might want to consider ordering some since it is included with the meal.
Sunday Brunch is too crowded so I recommend here for weekday lunch.  Good food!
The king crab was split not cracked....hot clarified butter,,,,,awesome!!! . . The shrimp- maybe 16-20s were peeled on ice and very good. Good cocktail sauce. . . Sushi was freshly made and good. The spicy tuna roll was delicious and very spicy. The steak tartare on toast point seriously kicked butt.. . The salmon with bbq maple glaze=good, beef bourguignon=very good, cous cous and tabouli= very good, aspargus=mmm.. . The Kobe sirloin not was too tough to eat. I used to raise Wagyu cattle by the way. I have had a few (tons) of it for comparison.. . The desserts were excellent especially the esspresso chocolate mousse thing shooter.. . So far this is the best buffet I have had in Vegas and was a great deal for 32 bucks. I still have to try the Wynn and Wicked Spoon. . . Our server was also great.
My second favorite buffet is vegas!!! (#1 is Studio B). . I took Kimberly K's awesome advice to take advantage of lunch prices for dinner.  So basically this was my first stop driving into vegas on a Tuesday and we arrived about 30 minutes before lunch was about to end.. Got in for lunch price at $20 and got to eat dinner as well, which is normally $30.  Paying for 5 people, it was a $50 savings!. . PRICES: as of 9/6/11  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=O5p34DZJZrd9YRIoHpREMQ. . Breakfast : M-F 6am to 11am = $16. Lunch: M-F  11am-4pm = $20. Dinner Sun-Th  4pm-10pm = $30. Gourmet Dinner Fri/Sat  4pm-10pm $37. Weekend Brunch 7am-4pm  $25    (with champagne = $30). . The most important part for me is that they have a pretty good dessert selection : These were my pickings :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=aBragtXmC5EWj12o632S-A. . They had: CREME BRULEE, soft serve, banana foster, bread pudding, cute little cone things, carrot cake, tiramisu, cheesecake, chocolate cake, tarts, flan. Ofcourse these were not superb desserts like u would find at jean philippes. But for buffet desserts, i think this is way better than most. Way better than Wynn buffet, which i thought was bad overall. Didn't see any chocolate covered strawberries tho. :( . . Meats and Seafood:. Kobe Top Round, Prime Rib, Ham, Roast Chicken, Turkey. . (my fave was the top round). Snow Crab Legs, King Crab Legs, Shrimp Cocktail. . *crab was a bit salty and not super fresh. but it really didnt' stop anyone for getting heaping piles of it. . . Other stuff they had was Salmon Teriyaki, Miso Chilean Seabass, 3 kinds of mashpotatoes including sweet potato- my fave was the pesto mash potatoes. A few different salads, which werent' that great. pasta salads, soups, chashu bao, salmon and tuna sushi and poke, CA rolls, sliders (meh), pizza, mac and cheese, sausage. . I've been to this buffet probably about 5 times over the years, and it's been pretty consistently good IMO. Unfortunately prices keep going up and lines can get ridiculously long. If it were the weekend, i would prefer going to SB, but if i'm here during the weekday, i would definitely recommend coming here for a late lunch/early dinner!!!
If you had only one buffet to eat at in Vegas, you'll want to spend it here. Although, you may wait an hour and a half like I did...you won't be sorry. The wait is the worst part because there are no chairs and your legs begin to hurt, but the pain in your legs start overpowering your growling stomach and you soon forget how hungry you are....um, never mind. You don't forget your hunger, you just get hurting legs too. Note: if you have one of their memberships you can skip the lines and go right in.. . Once you are in, welcome to all-you-can-eat heaven! Seriously, plan to spend your time just eating...make it an event! There are several stations representing all the food groups...especially the sugar group! The desserts are beautiful! . . It's pretty crowded, but they continue to replenish the food so no one is missing out. They have a sushi station, more hearty food for your meat-eaters, soups, salads...and lots more! . . The prices are steep, but it's a great buffet and worth your money if you take your time and eat everything.
My fiance and I came here on a Friday night over a Labor Day weekend.  Because of that, all buffet marked up their prices for Gourmet weekend.  At $45, this place was really crowded.  My fiance and I waited about 30 minutes before we were seated.. . They have a huge variety of food and they were very tasty.  The prime rib, lamb, etc were very tasty with the except of kobe beef.  It was very dried to a point that I couldn't even tell it's kobe beef.  Kobe beef was supposed to be higher rated yet they made it taste like regular beef, so sad!!  . . Best thing was they have King Crab and snow crab legs.  My fiance told me there was this dude initially took a plate full of snow crab legs then saw that there was King Crab legs.  He turned around and dumped back his snow crab and proceeded to get King Crab.  So, just watch up for people like this!. . Their dessert station was not as impressive as Wynn since their main stuff was pretty tasty.  I'm not going to hold them against on dessert station.
The Bellagio buffet is probably one of the best, if not the best, buffet in Vegas. There is a reason why you will probably wait an hour for the Saturday brunch buffet. The buffet is massive and has offering such as lox, bagels, eggs, pasta, Chinese food, sushi, Vietnamese spring rolls, steamed shrimp, salads, and a good carving station. We also got the champagne Saturday brunch which also featured bottomless champagne for $30 ($25 for buffet only).. . The lox were very fresh and not fishy. I wouldn't expect such high quality lox at a buffet, but it was a pleasant surprise. The Vietnamese springs rolls were also awesome. I tried the eggs benedict which were good, as well as items from the carving station. The only miss was probably the Chinese food. It was a worse than hole-in-the-wall Chinese, primarily because of the amount of oil present in each dish and the lack of quality sauces and preparation. Everything else was top notch though. . . This buffet definitely trumps any others that I have been to, including the Paris buffet, which I also liked quite a bit.
Hands down the best Buffet I tried in Vegas (by a long shot) - and at $32 per person pretty reasonable- come on folks it's Vegas! We got there early which was great since there seems to be quite a line otherwise.. . I thought the carving stations were by far the best! All of the meat was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection! The salads actually are quite delicious too- and usually that's something I steer clear from in a buffet- but don't miss out! Desserts were excellent - my favorite being the Tiramisu. . . What to avoid:. . Cold crab legs :/ Ugh! What a disappointment, I usually love crab legs and I do not want them served on ice or re-heated for that matter. This alone was reason for minus one star. The sushi was also not very delicious. They had some sashimi which was a little mushy but I can't complain a lot here because I don't think sushi stands much of a chance when served buffet-style.
Brace yourself...if you're a champagne/mimosa fiend, an extra 5 bucks to your bill during brunch will get you bottomless champagne/mimosa. How can you go wrong with that? Unless you walk out of the buffet a hot mess after WAYYYY too many, I must say, this was the nicest touch to my brunch experience here :P. . . As of the choices, it's very typical menu options you can find at any other buffet. What stands out is the high quality and how oh so fresh the items are here. . . I can't say the Bellagio buffet is THE BEST but it's one of my top buffets. It's rated a 4.75/5 overall for me. Oh, and shoutout to the hosts/hostesses because they were able to allow me to surpass the 30 min wait to be with my friends who were already situated in the dining hall. Much love to non-douchy hospitality. :)
Yes! . . Do yourself the favor and ADD the Bottomless Mimosa's or Bloody Marys to your already much needed brunch. . . Like to say a BIG THANK YOU to CELSO from the Bar area that made my experience at this buffet a memorable one, this fella is awesome, great attitude and a great server, I never for once had a empty Mimosa glass, and that really speaks volumes, yes, i am at the bar, yes the bar holds about less then 20 seats, but he and his associates have to serve all drinks to this big buffet room, and like i said, never had a empty glass, I love it! Love It! . . The food was to be honest okay, nothing really stood out, it is a buffet, I had a few things and they were OK, but i was there for The Game of Drink not to fill my tummy with food. . . Got a doggy bag too - no food ;0) . . So if you stay there of course you will try but if your near there and want to have a ball trust me, try this cool buffet because you will not regret the BUZZ! . . Later!
Buffets for me are hard because I have a hard time eating large quantities. Yes I am aware that makes me sound like a prissy bitch. But seriously I cannot just overstuff my stomach to the point of near explosion like some people can. I will literally throw up. So buffets are generally a no go, but the group I went with wanted to go and it was only 25 dollars for Sunday Brunch (no champagne, which was fine because I was the walking dead). Overall, really great food to choose from. Great salad bar. A ton of pizza. I wanted to try every type of pizza, but obviously couldn't because I was full after my salad. Raspberry sorbet. Cons: Long line! Sub-zero temperatures so I was really uncomfortable. Probably would have hung out till dinner time had I been more comfy.
Great buffet! Very well put together and neat! not too many kids running around everywhere with their hands in the food! Great selection of pretty much everything, the eggs benedict was delish! I would definitely come back here!
I love a good Vegas Buffet... it's a staple that you need during your weekend or weeklong bender. It's the cure for a hangover. It's also a great way to fill yourself up when you're not sure what you even want to eat. . . When I go, I always have what I call "The Noah's Ark" - as you can imagine, this is where I put two of every animal in my belly. . . Bellagio is one of my favorite Buffets. I like Treasure Island and Mirage buffets as well - wasn't too keen on Aria's. Some of the best buffets can be had outside of the strip, but we're here to talk about Bellagio.... . This casino is beautiful - the walk to get the the buffet is pleasant - we usually travel past the garden that they change seasonally. It's touristy, but it sets the mood. I also appreciate that the Bellagio casino doesn't smell as overwhelming of old lady perfume and cigarette smoke as others on the strip.. . The line for this is INSANE if you show up during peak hours - here's a tip - after you check out, have your hotel hang on to your bags and get some shopping done or have a nice walk before heading over there. If you go between 10 and 2, you're waiting at least an hour. . . Either that or bump your mlife card up to a pearl or higher to cut the line. Gamble, gamble gamble.... . Half the time I"ve been here, it's been amazing - 5 star all the way... the other times, it has been merely a 3 star experience. Mirage is more reliable, but not as good when both are at their best.. . If you've never had a Vegas buffet, this is a solid pick to be your first. If you're a veteran to it, you should really give this place a try as well.
One of the best buffet places in Vegas.. . $30 for dinner and $20 for lunch. Not much difference except maybe the lobster? So if you want to save a buck or ten go during lunch.. . Best picks: Seafood (assortment of crab legs, miso chilean seabass), prime ribs, kobe beef, sushi and of course....Deseerts!. . 20-30 minute wait for dinner if you go early, or get the line pass and get ready to stuff face.. . Wear stretchy pants!!!
For $26/person I feasted on waffles, sausage, eggs, pancakes, feta-spinach pizza, sweet potato puree, a fabulously decadent green salad, and pasta. Hubby indulged in the sushi, prime rib, and pesto mashed potatoes.. . Then had a ridiculous dessert platter of carrot cake, chocolate eclairs, fruit tarts, cream puffs, chocolate layer cake, and a bowl of vanilla ice cream with Butterfinger topping. . . Had to wait on line for 45 minutes, but I'd say we got our money's worth!  We certainly didn't need to eat again any time soon!
I was told this was the best buffet in Vegas and I don't see how anywhere else can compete.  They had everything from snow crab, king crab, steak, prime rib, shrimp, and all of the other typical buffet foods.  More on the expensive side, but you have to go here if you go to Vegas.  All the crab I ate, must have been worth so much at a normal restaurant.  . . What can I say, when John Wall is chillin right outside, it must be good.  Everything was tasty and very flavorful.  Definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas.
To be honest, it fell a little short of my expectations. I was drooling from yelp photos, but when I was actually there, the selection wasn't as good as I thought. For example, I saw racks of baby lamb from yelp photos, but didn't see any there. However, I do understand that many buffets on the strip have been downgraded in recent times.. . Still, I must say that the quality of the food is definitely above all the other buffets I've tried when I was in Vegas. Most notably, the seafood at the Bellagio was much fresher than that of other buffets.. . Sure, this was a pricey buffet (about $30 per person for dinner), but comparing to other buffets on the strip (ie Paris, which has received lots of praises), it really isn't a lot more expensive, and the quality is much better.
Two words: Pure Gluttony. But pure gluttony of deliciousness! No lie, I got off the plane, dropped my luggage at the hotel, and jumped to a cab here. I was not wasting any time. I arrived on a Wednesday at around 1:30pm, line was decent, no more than a 10 minute wait. The staff was really friendly and cordial. The selection was endless (even though I threw in the towel one plate in, FAIL). I can really go on for hours about the quality and presentation, but I'll save my time and just say- MUST GO!
One of my favorite things about Vegas is the Buffet at the Bellagio.  The prime rib was wonderful.  The desserts were heavenly.  The pastries were some of the best I've ever had.  The pizza was full of flavor and even the salad was good.   . We got in line to wait on the feast.  Just so you know, the line was the kind of line you run into when visiting Disney World.  Don't decide to skip the feast because of the long line.  The food is fresh and delicious.  I like that they only let so many people in at a time.  . Our waitress kept our drinks full.  She took all of our empty plates away promptly.  The Bellagio Buffet is how buffets should be done everywhere.
The best orange juice, yet No diet Dr Pepper. What's up with that? No one in Vegas has diet DP!!!. Nice large selection offood, far better than some of the others I've been to. . I'm thinking this is the 2nd best buffett in Vegas. . The first being RIo :)))
Came here for breakfast because a friend suggested it. Outstanding amount of food. They even had steak and an Asian station for breakfast. It was a bit pricey, but worth it.  A must try when your in Vegas.
I truly enjoyed the food at this place; the price is good too. $27 for brunch. The line was not long; we got there around noon for lunch. I think most ppl in Vegas are doing the 24hour buffet pass. For unlimited champagne, it's an extra $5.. . They have a good variety of selections and types of foods: sushi, sashimi, pasta, american food, different meats. I love that the shrimp cocktails were large and the sauce was so zestfully satisfying.  I do wish they had crab legs for lunch though. The desserts were good, but I like Paris's better.. . I left that place happy, full, and wanting more shrimp cocktails :)
The lunch buffet ran about $30 but there's a great selection of food. As other reviewers have stated, beef wellington and crab legs are not served at lunch. I was expecting neither so I was not disappointed. I haven't had the pleasure of staying at the Bellagio yet but we were lucky they take peasants in off the street. A quick glance at the place and the clientele and it was obvious weweren't at the Golden Corral. The buffet selection was bomb...shrimp, steak, pasta, sushi and several things that were delicious even though I'm not sure what they were. For the price and the overall experience it's a recommended stop.
After eating at the Noodles place in the Bellagio, we realized that its cheaper to just eat a good buffet even if you aren't extremely hungry. . . Hence, we came to the buffet at Bellagio for lunch with the cost being $19.95/person. Given that it was a day after the holiday weekend, there was no line and we were able to go straight through to the buffet (I saw that there was a long line Sunday night). . . There was almost an overwhelming variety of food, and a wonderful line of desserts. I tried a little bit of everything, and I was very happy with the taste and quality of the food. The omelet bar was great, and the desserts were good too. You definitely get the quality and quantity for the price, and even more! . . Maybe I am raving about the buffet more since I am comparing it to the  buffet at the Mandalay Bay which was completely underwhelming the next morning. However, I will definitely come back to this buffet the next time I am in Vegas!
I stuffed myself silly twice at this buffet. Such a wide selection of tasty bites. Desserts everywhere. Prime rib, lamb, crab, eggs, sides, salads, etc. I will be back again!
Really "high end" food. Lunch was only $19.95/person. If ur looking for a good buffet in Vegas, try this one.
I freaking love this buffet! We ate here for brunch on Saturday which was $30 and included unlimited mimosas and also ate here for breakfast on Monday which was $16. You can get just about anything you want. During brunch there is your typical breakfast items (pancakes, waffles, omelets, etc) and there's also pizza, sushi, fruit, pasta, rice, and alot of various desserts. The food here wasn't your normal buffet food it was actually restaurant quality. We would eat here once and be full for the entire day. Pretty sweet deal!
I must say that The Buffet at the Bellagio was comparable to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio, but a bit better with the elegance of fine dining. I felt like the Carnival Buffet was more of a cafeteria style type of place, versus the Bellagio. I had high expectations coming here, as my friend recommended me to this place just hours before the epic fail Rock and Roll Las Vegas Marathon and 1/2 marathon.. . I basically had my fill of protein worth of prime rib, which was pretty awesome. The dessert was tempting, so I had some cheese cake. The seafood fare was good, although it could have been a bit more improved.  Loved the ambiance of the fine dining aspect of it. I tried not to over induldge on the food, but how can you not?
Came here for brunch and safely going to say that this place is still one of my favorite buffet on the Strip. They definitely make you feel at home here and the food is delectable and yummy. For 5.00 you can add unlimited mimosas, which I probably should have added but I was just too excited for the food. The brunch has many options of both breakfast and lunch. Some of the highlights include - smoked salmon and cheese bar, sushi bar (which didn't have a huge selection but did have hand rolls freshly made), lavish desert bar, and some fingerlicking prime rib. . . Definitely appreciated the level of service here and I felt like the Buffet was worth my wait!
I just came here for lunch yesterday and it did not disappoint. Their pasta, seafood, and desserts are really good and I got full off of those alone. They do have sushi hand rolls and california rolls but they aren't anything special. I was sold once I had the parisian macaroons for dessert....yummm! The only thing I didn't really like was the kobe beef. It was as rare as it gets which is just not my style. it was so rare that I had to basically saw it to cut it but even then it was too rare to enjoy. I didn't try the other beef cuts but my boyfriend kept going back for seconds so it must've been good. Definitely worth the $20 something dollars per person!
My favorite buffet! I came here for lunch on a Wednesday and waited 30 plus minutes (not too bad). My favorites: Kobe beef sirloin, cheese sliders, pesto mashed potatoes, spicy tuna hand roll (oookay), bbq ribs and a few salads. . . I was already pretty full from trying a little of everything but I had to try the desserts too. I got one of each dessert. My favorites were: tiramisu, cheesecake (semi-light and not too sweet), chocolate mousse w/ a vanilla center and eclair!. . Seriously try the Bellagio, I also really enjoyed the good coffee w/ my desserts. The server was nice and service was fast. Lunch is cheaper than dinner, but I think I'll definitely come back and try the gourmet dinners here.
The food was very good. The price was decent if you think about the location. The only thing I can complain about is that the receptionists were somewhat rude.
great selection! . . got here just before 3 on a monday. there were only 4ppl before us but for some reason it took about 10 minutes to be seated. do not try pushing your luck after that! the line grows terribly fast the closer you get to dinner and the smart diners arent going to leave in time for you to be seated, they want to see the dinner selection too! . . i was a little disappointed with a few things: eggs benedict was IMPOSSIBLE to cut with the knife i was given and when i tried to bite thru it, it was rubbery...i LOVE meat but there was only 2 choices of meat at the carving station (top sirloin and a flank steak?)...the desserts were super cute but some were a bit off and none of them made me want to get seconds. oh and i NEEDED to ask for milk because some desserts were too creamy or too sugary (which is weird because ive NEVER in my life have thought something is too sugary)...finally i think we left about 30 minutes after "dinner" started but didnt see a difference in what was being served. dishes were refilled but that was about it. . . yes the food was good, but i guess i came here expecting to try dishes that i dont see all the time and that taste phenomenal. minus a star for not serving anything that i wanted second helpings of.
Breakfast here is amazing. For some reason, the orange juice and coffee taste way better here during breakfast. The orange juice is completely filled with pulp which makes it feel like you are eating an orange in every gulp. . . What I love about this buffet is that they have smoked salmon, and plenty of it, even during breakfast! The smoked salmon is so rich and so smooth, very very good. The eggs benedict is also another of my favorites here. They make breakfast perfectly with all their wide selections of food.. . Dinner here is also pretty good, but I would have to say dinner at the Wynn buffet definitely beats this one out. The prime rib is not as tender here as at the Wynn and the other selections are not as good. Don't get me wrong though it is still a top notch buffet for dinner, just not the best Vegas can offer.. . The service here is really nice, the waiters actually make conversation with you if wanted, for example telling some interesting stories, etc. They also come and ask if you need a refill instantly when they see that you are near empty.. . Ambiance and atmosphere here is also not as good as the Wynn. This buffet does not make you feel like a high end dining experience, it kind of feels like you are dining at some restaurant such as a Denny's.
Dessert was to die for! Chocolate eclaires & chocolate covered strawberries = heaven!!
I won't lie here, this place was a bit overpriced. $35 a person is a bit much for a buffet, but nevertheless, the food was good. It's been nearly a year since I've eaten here (What can I say? I procrastinate.), but I was pleased with everything I put on my plate. We arrived just after they had put their sushi station up, so I was a little disappointed that I couldn't try it, but like I said, everything that I tried was delicious. Their mini sliders were probably my favorite, but who can go wrong with mini cheeseburgers? I definitely kept the cute little plastic emblem sticks they put in each one. . The desserts were lovely, and mightly delicious as well. Not to mention, the display of beautifully decorated cakes on top of the dessert cases. Absolutely stunning. But, the desserts were also tiny. Not kidding, I could have eaten about 8 of those little squares of sweet delectable goodness. But I was already full to the brim with sliders, roasted potatoes and prime rib.. While I've seen and heard extremely varied reviews of this place, my experience was great. The waitstaff were busy, however I have no complaints here, they were friendly with us and kept good tabs on our table and always asked if we needed any refills.
3.5 stars! The buffet here is one of the better ones that you'll find in Vegas, but after dining at Wynn the last couple of times I've been to Vegas, I think the Wynn buffet might edge this out a bit. . . My family and I came on a Sunday night for dinner ($29.95 pp)...not bad considering the prices on a Friday and Saturday night. I had been researching different buffets on the strip on a Sunday and this one was about $5 more then others. There was a line, and we were thinking of skipping the buffet because we needed to catch a show, but the line actually moved relatively fast and we were seated maybe less than 30 minutes later (there was 12 of us so we had to wait while the tables were set up).. . The food: Tasty! Good array of meats (prime rib!) pasta, pizzas, sushi, seafood, salads and of course...dessert! Everything was fresh too. I can't remember all the details about every single dish that I ate, but most of it was pretty good. Although the one thing I noted was that the Kobe beef was cooked way too rare. It was just too bloody so I couldn't finish it all. The crab legs were abundant but served cold. You can have the kitchen staff warm them up for you. You just need to ask them. . . I didn't find the dessert section that impressive though. There were the usual cakes. I saw bread pudding, flan and creme brulee. I think there was also a machine for soft serve ice cream? The creme brulee was delicious. We got it nice and hot. Love!. . Also, the food was constantly being refilled. The staff is totally on topof their game! I never saw anything empty. As for our waiter, he was ok. I don't think he was too attentive and we had to ask for a lot of things. Gratuity was already tacked onto our bill because we had such a large party. . . Overall, the food here is solid. I'd come back...not sure if I pay the weekend peak prices though, but this still stands as a good option!
I was definitely shocked by the quality of food at this caliber of a hotel. This place was made for fatties like me. Haha.I can't believe my friends and I sat here for 5 hours from Lunch to Dinner. When I was first told that we would be paying $40 for a buffet, I was a little hesitant, but it was worth it. We waited for 20 minutes to get in, and once we were in there, I ditched everyone and went straight to the foods. So glad it was my last day in Vegas and that all the tight dress party was over. 4 plates of different desserts almost put me in a sweet food coma. . . It was kinda embarrassing because our server went on breaks twice and when she came back, we were still there.
Unfortunately I'd already eaten twice in like 3 hours before I got here so I couldn't eat that much because I didn't want to go into a food coma and pass out all night. So sad.... The prime rib wasn't that good! Maybe it was just that batch, disappointing though. All of the fishes were okay. The mashed potatoes were SO good though. . Mmm delicious. I think I like the Bellagio buffet better than the Wynn, but I can't remember so I guess I'll rate them both equal. Make sure you bring a small snack to eat while you wait in line if you're SUPER hungry. Or atleast a drink to tide you over... The line is SUPER long! Good thing I got to skip it heh
Over all great food .
I saw this this buffet on TV and it looked as if it were to die for. I didn't see what all the fuss was about. The food was sub-par and and it was $40.00 per person. Its hidden all the way in the back of the Bellagio(one of my favorite hotels) and his kind of hard to find. Check out the conservatory on your way out. You can get wifi from a signal somewhere inside the hotel.
This was my first trip to the Bellagio buffet and at first glance it's overwhelming. When you pay the initial almost 50$ you think to yourself, I hope I can eat my monies worth. Well you can.... The food is simply Devine. From the juicy and succulent prime rib to the Kobe beef to the salmon and crab legs and shrimp.... YUMMY! There is enough food for you to try and like or dislike. The dessert station is heavenly also. You'll leave with a full belly and a slight ca of diabetes if you're not careful! Definitely going back when I'm in Vegas again!
Overall, it was very good.  My favorites were the prime rib, beef Wellington and rack of lamb.  The shrimp was pretty good also.  I did not like the fish (I think it was sea bass) because it was overcooked and had a very strong fishy flavor and odor.  . The best part is that we got the gourmet dinner for $20 because we arrived 20 minutes before they changed over from lunch to dinner and started charging $44.. I would definitely return.
I don't normally do buffets since it requires preparation in both mental and physical discipline to consume enough food to make it worth while. Well, since I was in Vegas for CES for the week, my friends and I decided to try out a posh upscale buffet in one of the fancier hotels on the strip. Luckily we didn't wait long for our table, maybe about 15 minutes. We paid, made our way to our table, ordered drinks and then I entered nirvana. The quality of food, the quantity of food was mind boggling. I made an effort to try all the entrees but being a newb in buffets I failed. I didn't get to try all but what I had was excellent for a buffet. The prime rib, Top New York Sirloin, roast chicken, hot sausages were amazing. They had sea bass, smoked trout, king crab legs andsnow crabs which were excellent as well. . . Their sushi bar was always stocked with typical rolls of tuna and salmon. Those less adventurous, the California rolls did not disappoint. I had steak tartar for the first time and it was heavenly. Or could have been hell if they didn't prepare it well. But safe to say it is still heaven. . . My failure is that I didn't even have room to taste their dessert...It looked amazing and professionally prepared. Cheesecakes, tarts, cakes all personal sized and ready to be savored. But alas, not I.. . Service was excellent, my soda was always full, plates were magically gone every time I came back, I'd say this is a great place for a buffet and warrant a return visit the next time I'm in Vegas.
Wowzer. So dang good. My hubby definitely got his money's worth! Thankfully we got there before the huge rush, and the line was crazy long when we left.
Thanksgiving dinner was good but not great. Dessert choices was awesome!
Among all the buffets that I went to in Vegas, this is probably my favorite.  Atmosphere is very nice and classy feeling.  The place was busy, but they constantly had fresh food coming out.  Very enjoyable time!  Came for dinner, and was able to catch a fountain show right after!
The 4-star rating is purely as compared to other buffets not as a comparative to a "real" restaurant. . . After having been a good boy for months, I sucumbed to the temptation or rather the convenience of dining buffet style. . . As far as buffets go, The Bellagio buffet is pretty good - although since it is food on an assembly line the taste is not as good as a sit down restaurant. . . The buffet features the ubiquitous shrimp that are found at even the cheapest buffets and also some crab.. Other than that, the fare includes: american, italian, chinese and japanese dishes. The Bellagio is a little lite on the vegetarian fare - but I guess they will eventually catch up to the current trend.   . . The desserts are quite extensive, although none were outstanding (comparable to most upperscale hotel sunday brunches).. . Probably one of the better ones in Vegas.
We went when they were offering a special Chinese New Year buffet. They had split, grilled lobster tails, rack of lamb, and some other dishes not typically offered. I'm not a lobster person, or lamb for that matter, but my BF was super stoked. The price was more expensive and they advised they only offer lobster during New Years and Chinese New Year.  The salad bar was a bit small, but offered different types of lettuces, and typical salad toppings. There was an additional smaller salad/appetizer area with shrimp caesar salad, and another as well, but I forgot what kind. This station also offered a antipasta selection of meats, cheeses, olives, peppers, etc. There was real shaved parmesan there as well. The meat station was crowded because that's where they were doing the lobster tails and everyone was hovered around trying to get one.  I had the cauliflower au gratin which was excellent! BF is not much of a vegetable eater, but he loved it so maybe this is something we can incorporate into our meals at home. Also had grilled asparagus, carved turkey w/ cranberry sauce which was actually quite dry. I think maybe they need to leave a hunk of skin over the already cut piece of turkey to keep it somewhat moist.  Fingerling roasted potatoes were good, and trying to get to the Asian foods and Pizza areas, I was distracted by the desserts, so I really didn't see too much, but I remember a small sushi area offering nigiri and rolls, typical asian inspired cuisine like chow mein, fried and steamed rice, and chicken/broccoli/seafood dishes. Now, the dessert cart..YUM!  I had a chocolate vanilla dome cake which was to die for!  It looked like cocoa powder was dusted over a dome, but it was actually cake!  A really thin layer of chocolate cake (think mocha in color), with a vanilla chocolate mousse inside that was so creamy!  I wanted like 6 of them, but they slyly put them on little square plates making it hard to actually take that many! lol   I also had a piece of tiramisu which was equally good and creamy. BFhad a piece of cheesecake which he said was great! . . We'll definitely go back!
Lunch is the best value. $19.95 for unlimited deliciousness.  Take your time, they keep everything well stocked.  The beef sliders, wild mushroom ravioli in sherry cream sauce, giant shrimp, and shrimp pesto pizza were my standout favorites.  Everything was so good. The desserts are mind blowing. Chocolate mousse, key lime tarts, bread pudding, all sent straight from heaven.
Like most of the other reviews I read before my girlfriend and I came here is it's a buffet but compared to other buffets, its one of the better ones.  We went for the champagne brunch (bottomless mimosas) on Sunday and for $30, well worth it.  Great variety of food and the wait staff actually refilled your drinks quickly.  Make sure to get there before 11 am because that's when the line starts to form.
Eat It OR Beat It?. **EAT IT!!**. . Bellagio buffet is amazing! They've got all kinds of food and the best part about it is the quality of the food. Ya, you can pay $20 somewhere else and get the same array of foods but who knows how long its been sitting there. At the end of the day, when I can't make it to the Bellagio, the Wynn buffet and Paris buffet are other great alternatives!. . CONCLUSION:. EAT IT! and be a fatty! eat eat eat!
Great buffet lots of selections the prime rib was delicious it was worth the  30 dollars
Around 25 dollars per person for lunch, since we had added gratuity for our big party. . Line was pretty long, 30-1hr wait. . . Our waiter would consistently come and refill our drinks or give us new drinks whenever we wanted. . . The food was mainly good. The foods that stood out was the mash potatoes w/ turkey gravy, Kobe Beef, Shrimp, Sliders, Omelets, Salads.. . The only thing i didn't like was the deserts and pak choi was too salty.
The question isn't should you go here.  The question is King or Snow crab?  Potatoes served five different ways, three pasta dishes, red curry and so called Kobe beef are just a few of the items you'll find in this spread.  They also have sushi which only consists of California and veggie rolls alongside questionable looking sashimi.  If you ignore the sushi table this place will prepare you for a night of drinking that should only be accomplished in Vegas.
Breakfast at the Bellagio Buffet----oh yeah.  Loved it.  This review is for the breakfast buffet only.  At $16 per person, I thought it was a very good deal for Vegas.  The selection was huge.  If you can't find something to eat here, not sure where else you will find it.... . It was awesome to be able to come down from our room, in desperate need of coffee and not have to walk a long ways or take a taxi to get it! That requires too much effort in the morning!. . My fave part was being able to eat as much lox as I wanted.  I am nuts for lox.  :)  They had several bagels to choose from --- topped off with cream cheese, capers, onion relish and tomatoes....I was in heaven.. . There is an omelet station that has a large variety of toppings, including crab and shrimp!  Yum!  Other hot choices include eggs benedict, lovely bacon, sausages, several potato dishes, waffles, pancakes, french toast, breakfast burrito bar, and many other options.  There was a large variety of fruits, cereals, salads, yogurts, pastries, etc.  Many lovely desserts.  The quality of all the  food we had was quite good.. . Service was great the first morning--the server kept our orange juice and coffee filled without our having to ask.  Service the second time was not quite as good, just mediocre.  There was a large selection of juices and other drinks to choose from, all included in the price.  They were continually replenishing the food items, so I was not worried about anything sitting out for too long.. . This place is mobbed, but the second day we were seated in a side dining room, which was much more quiet and less chaotic.  . . The line was out to the lobby both times, we waited no longer than 10-15 minutes either time.  The line moved fast.   I would recommend going for a late breakfast (around 10:30) if you want a variety of breakfast and lunch items.  Lunch starts at 11am and there was a lovely variety of salads, a hummus bar and many hot/cold foods to choose from.  Sushi bar starts at noon.. . Will definitely hit this buffet again next time I am in Vegas!
the food is awesome... but the hostess are not nice....
if you wait for less than 30 minutes to get seated and eating, consider yourself lucky! food-wise, bellagio buffet does not disappoint and bound to fill you up.... . my favorites?. 1. prime rib. 2. alaskan and snow crab. 3. the salad selections. 4. pork belly. 5. desserts, desserts, desserts
Great selection. Great lamb chops. And plenty to think about before I go again!
The line is so longgg and it took forever about 30-1hr wait.. , but it was definitely worth the wait !. . The food is great ! the prime rib, salad selections and so much desserts to pick from !!! they definitely had some good japanese dishes and pasta was delicious !! ~ the sushi area.. --eh it was okay. . . it wasnt an asian buffet so i totally get why... . and the service was greeat. . Totally worth the wait !
I came here because it was recommended to me by several people and I was glad that I did. I came with my wife and cousin for brunch (although it was already 12:00 p.m.) and all three of us were very satisfied. We came on the Saturday before President's Day, which apparently is a holiday for this buffet which means they can increase their price to $41 per person (with bottomless champagne / mimosas). It was definitely worth it. The food was great and did not suffer in quality or flavor (as most buffet entrees do), and the champagne was good - not some cheap bottle that you'll regret an hour or two after the brunch. The highlights for our table (in no particular order) were the omelet station, the hand-rolled spicy tuna, and the prime rib.
A Vegas trip is not complete without a trip to the Buffet.  And the number one buffet trip in my books has to be the one at Bellagio.  I fell in love with this place the first time I've tried it years ago and I make sure to visit it each time I'm in Vegas.  They have the most yummy selection of meats, pastas, seafoods, salads, and desserts!  I love their creme brulee!  It's so rich and creamy.  Their prime rib makes me drool just thinking of it.  . . The line here is super long, but if you're an M life player with some good ratings, you can cut right to the front of the line.  I was able to have that VIP treatment this weekend, courtesy of a good friend's player rating.  :)
They have a good spread and surprisingly good number of vegetarian options available. When I went this past Monday, they had Thai/Malaysian, Italian (pizzas and pastas), salads, soups, sushi (with vegetarian rolls) and steak available. Their dessert spread was massive! One can also enjoy a non-alcoholic beverage as a part of the buffet. Overall a very good meal.
3.9/5 I'm a fan because:. . 1. i love buffets. 2. i love seafood & the mussels here kicked ass!. 3. all  my friends chowed down on the crab legs so it must have been good. i couldn't eat it cold so i skipped that.. 4. over 10 different dessert choices!!!!. 5. cheese cold cuts. 6. nice, clean, interior. 7. waiter was super nice. . tips:. -get it line 1 hr before you want to eat! take turns waiting it line while you gamble!. -eat in groups of 7 or less. groups of 8 is an automatic 20% gratuity
TIP: Go 30 minutes before lunch ends so you can pay the lunch price, eat some of the lunch foods, AND get the DINNER food! Other buffets close for 30 minute or an hour after lunch so they can get ready for dinner and so people don't find any loopholes. . . I've always loved the buffet at Bellagio and almost always go to The Buffet each time I visit Vegas. For the price (lunch price), variety of foods and quality, The Buffet is probably the most worth it. They have a great selection of meats (lamb, prime rib, bbq ribs, ham, etc), desserts, and seafood, as well as all the other general Chinese, Italian, Mexican foods. And, the food is delicious each time. I usually just dig in to the meat section because I'm a meat lover! Then, I get plates and plates of the crab legs! And then I hit the desserts! Although their dessert selection isn't as great as The Buffet at the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan, I love their flan and their selection of cookies! . Cheers!
If you want to go here for dinner, definitely get in line around 3:45 - 3:50pm and you will only be charged the lunch price for dinner (19.95 vs. 36.99). . . We went on a Friday at 3:50ish and had no wait in line, paid the lunch fees and got to try the tail end of the lunch menu AND dinner menu = beyond... BEYOND stuffed!! . . They offered lamp chops, kobe top sirloin, turkey, beef wellington, ribs, king crab legs, sushi, pastas, mexican, italian, salads, cheeses, fruits and a plethora of desserts. . . I was not super impressed with the desserts (and im an extreme dessert-lover) so that was kind of a bummer. The seafood looked like the best option to go if you wanna try this place out :)
The Buffet at Bellagio is always a MUST GO PIG OUT stop. We got there at 3PM and was seated at 345PM. Dinner starts at 4PM so I waited around for the ultimate feast of snow crab legs and sushi at the lunch price. . . 1. Snow crab legs VS Alaskan crab legs - I choose snow crab legs over Alaskan any day.. the meat is more tender, less salty, and tastes better with butter.. 2. Sushi - only the salmon is worth eating at a buffet. 3. Prime rib with a cup of ah ju sauce. 4. Jumbo shrimp cocktails, probably the best on the strip with their plump sizes. 5. Lamb chops . 6. DESSERT - I always grab a serving of everything... a bite or two of most and completely devouring the good ones. . 7. Chocolate covered strawberries!. . I've had buffets at almost every casino and I think Bellagio probably has the best quality for its price. With additional $5.00 you get unlimited champagne
Came here for brunch on Sunday and stayed for the dinner. We paid $29.95 for the combined all you can drink champagne special, and it came to about $38 per person with the tax and tip.. . The line to get in took about an hour, which wasn't too bad, particularly because we played games in the line. If you enter the line when it's just under the entrance, the line will only be about 20 minutes.. . The brunch had all of the fare that you would expect from brunch including the breakfast meats, omelet station, french toast (including chocolate and banana hazelnut), sushi (handmade spicy tuna rolls were really good), potatoes, cream of wheat, GRITS (made this southern boy happy), prime rib, turkey, and chicken.. . The champagne that came with the meal was pretty good. It probably still only cost them $2 a bottle, but mixed with their orange juice, which was pretty good and seemed house-made, made for an excellent mimosa.. . For the dinner menu, we stayed to try the crab. Note the king crab was WAY too salty, so I would suggest sticking to the normal legs even though EVERYONE else is getting the king's ( I was tricked...). The mussels were OK, but they weren't very meaty. The salmon and tune poke were pretty good also, and better than the nigiri pieces on rice.. . Overall, I would suggest this buffet for brunch and stick around for the dinner. Everything was pretty good, though the layout could be updated a bit, especially when compared to some of the newer buffets. The lights seem a little bit dim and it wasn't as bright as some of the other buffets (granted I'm using the Wynn as a big point of comparison).
what I loved best was the all you can eat creme brulee (: Ahh... Creme brulee is soooo good! There was Alaskan king crab legs but the taste got to me shortly. Plan on coming back for sure !
Okay...All my friends knows that I hate buffet, well....." Hate" is exaggerating!!!  "Dislike" is more likely..... . Bellagio buffet really offer pretty good food, Not the greatest...but C'mon its buffet what do you expect? I mean the selections were good...Hand-roll can be little better, dessert can use a little help (some of the cakes taste pretty much the same) but the fresh squeezed OJ are..fresh! . . Me and my friend did stuffed our face to a level that we can appreciate the feeling of hungry again.... like... following day.  I am not here to rate the food quality like a regular restaurant. . . Occasionally I do stuff my face just to prove a point, which is... "I still got it!!!!"
This buffet is definitely one of the better buffets on the strip and worth stopping by. I cam here for Sunday brunch which is always popular here.  The line came out onto the casino floor when I arrived with my party so it was a bitI of a wait.  Once inside we were showed to our table and made a dash to start plating up some food.  Many different items to choose from including fresh sliced turkey and prime rib and omelets made to order.  The scrambled eggs in the buffet were very runny but the omelet man was able to cook up some fresh ones that were well done.  The server was busy of course but pretty attentiveand easy to get a hold of for more drinks and champagne. Can't go wrong with a champagne brunch! The desserts were excellent and it's always difficult to save room but definitely try! The coffee is always outstanding. I try to have at least 2 cups of it there.  Highly recommend!!
Take your credit cards and cash, this is the priciest buffet you'll ever experience. It was not cheap back in 2004 for me. Luckily for me, I won $5K at a Bellagio poker tournament later that night. On both of my visits back in 2004 and 2012, same high quality items. Casual wear is good. As I mentioned, it' very high priced, thus it's a four star rating for me. Still, this is what I expect from one of the classiest casinos in the world.
One of the best buffets in Vegas. There is a large selection of different kinds of ethnic foods, prime rib, steak, pork, roasts, etc. The dinner buffet will cost you $32 including tax.. . My favorite dish was the three cheese tortellini with a pesto walnut sauce. Delicious.
5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!. . 4 of 5 Went here for lunch on a friend of mine's dime. That's the only way to do it baby! Kidding.... . I had just had the Paris buffet in the morning, so I wasn't feeling too hungry... So I really only ate the three cheese ravioli  andthe beef ravioli. I tried some sushi California rolls, gelato And some cheesecake. They only had tri tip roast at the time, so I didnt get any red meat other than what was in the beef ravioli.. . By beef ravioli I really mean tortellini I think.. . The server was great, very attentive and pro active. . . Anyway, good food, good dessert and good service.
Grandeur and excess in it's most edible form. . . The Bellagio is a treat to visit for any reason, but to pig out on thousands of calories of good food? "Stone Cold" Steve Austin coined the phrase, "GIMME AN' OOOOO HELLLLLL YEAHHHH!!!!". . Their selection is so great, you'll burn some cal's walking around looking for items to fill your plate. There's a vast array of cuisines from a multitude of different cultures that are all prepared well and presented nicely. . . Your going to feel horrible about yourself. You'll likely grab far more than you need, only nibble on certain things, then leave your plate fairly full so you can return for the items you couldn't fit on your initial run. I suppose this is commonly the case at a buffet, but due to the caliber of food here it feels like a greater wrong. . . My only quarrel, which is typical at most buffets, was that most of the food looked far better than it tasted. . . While in Vegas, I absolutely feel this is a must stop for anyone who is desiring the notorious "buffet" experience. You'll feel like you have the world at your fingertips. . . Now to find the crappiest buffet, like the one from National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation. "I'll have some of the yell-ah, and dont go cheap on me now!"
Bottomless mimosas, omelet station, sugar free desserts?!?! Amazing.. . NO SALSA!?!?! Toto, I guess we aren't in Texas anymore.
My friend and I decided to come to the Bellagio buffet since it is supposedly one of the best buffets in Vegas. Since we arrived at 7pm, and it was Easter weekend, we ended up waiting for a little over an HOUR. Yes, sounds very long especially after you did not eat all day. However, it was worth it! I'm not sure if I liked the price though... It was supposed to be around $35-38 for dinner, but it was $44-45 plus tax so it was almost $49 plus tip after dinner. However, the service was great. Our waiter was really sweet, friendly and helpful. The food was good, and they had a range of American, Chinese, Japanese, and Italian. Plus their dessert selection was huge. This is one of the biggest buffets I have been to so it was exciting to have many options! =) I would go again with my family.
Spectacular. Food that really hits the spot. Where else can you get quality sea bass, salmon sashimi, rack of lamb, crab legs, and a plethora of other goodies all or the price of 29 bucks a person? . . Seriously this is a quality buffet with the MOST AWESOME cheesecake I have ever had in my life. .  . The Buffet at Bellagio doesn't mess around. Come here it's worth it.
Went to the buffet twice for breakfast, and was very happy I did.  All-you-can-eat breakfast items for $17?  Yes please!  Scrambled eggs are a little wet, but they have a cook preparing eggs and omelets to order.  Meats, breakfast pizza, pastries, just about anything you could want.. . Didn't try lunch or dinner, though.
I enjoyed eating at this buffet. It was surprisingly cheap for Monday lunch at 45 dollars for 2 people. I don't know if their prices for lunch ranges on the weekends.. . The shrimps at the shrimp cocktail bar were pretty good in size. I've also noticed that they are big on pesto: Pesto pizza, pesto pasta, and even pesto mash potatoes!. . The brisket was really great. They also had ribs and prime rib. Even though I didn't have dessert, their desert bar looked really good as well.. . My only complaint is that the sushi bar was pretty sad. There were 3 different rolls, and pretty sad looking rolls at that. . . We went at about 2:30 and there was no line at all, however, when we left around 3:30, there was a very long line, which was odd.
I CLIMBED THE MT. EVEREST OF FOOD AND ATE MY WAY TO THE BOTTOM!. . Before heading to Vegas two weeks ago I looked up the best buffets in Vegas and the one at the Bellagio definitely looked the best for it's price ranked #2 and cheaper than most. So when we went to Vegas I knew we had to explore this journey to the center of my stomach. . . First off I will commenton their service and their lines. The service was amazing! A man came and asked us how many were in our party and said that we had over a 30 minute wait where we were in line, but since there was only three of us he would take us right in. We ordered the lunch with all-you-can-drink mimosas for ONLY $5 EXTRA and it totaled $30something, less than $40 so that was really good. I have to say the lady who brought us our drinks was incredibly sweet and we enjoyed a few laughs with her.. . When we got there for lunch they still had half of their menu from breakfast. So for starters, they had two chefs cooking omelets just the way you wanted fresh for you after you pick the toppings you want. They had sausage, bacon, pancakes, french toast, banana french toast (didn't know this existed, but it was AMAZING), and pretty much anything else you would want for breakfast. They also had a huge round table full of vegetables, fruits, and already-made salads. They had other stations for making your own personal salad; ham, prime rib, & turkey cut fresh as you ask for it; an oriental section with noodles and fried rice, soups, a huuuuuge selection of desserts, and they even had a sushi bar with people making fresh rolls right there (which my roommate went insane over). . . The only thing I was very sad about was that there were no snow crab legs as it was advertised online. . . Overall, they had so much to eat and I left with enough food to feed me for a week. It was awesome. I felt like a camel with my lump in the front. People always talk about food babies, but I walked out 9 months pregnant.
I guess it's just as good as you'd expect! Tried the carving station, had a huge pile of crab legs, and a custom omelet. I have a bit of a gripe about the omelets...my fiance and I made it a point to get here before breakfast service ended precisely because I wanted to hit the omelet bar. We got in with about 30 minutes of breakfast service left, and when I got to the omelet station they were already breaking it down and getting ready for lunch. There was only the standard "huge platter filled with scrambled eggs sitting over a sterno can." I was annoyed...I complained "I didn't pay all that money to eat pre-made eggs sitting under a heat lamp!" Now, I'll give the guy credit...he said "I'll make you whatever you want" and so I still got my omelet! That was the right thing to do and I appreciated it. But it seems like I shouldn't have had to complain...most people wouldn't have said anything and would have just walked away disappointed. They should find a way to keep the station open right up until the end of the breakfast service.. . Besides that, nothing but good things to say. I had a fantastic mimosa and made myself some sliders on rolls with the meats from the carving station, which were amazingly tender. The crab legs were the sweetest I've ever had...I think the snow crab was a little better than the king crab.. . Great pastries. We had a sampling of them for dessert.
Vegas has a plethora of buffets, with ones at The Wynn, Planet Hollywood, and Cosmopolitan, just to name a few. Those, I've been to, and I've had a mixed bag of experiences.. . The Bellagio, however, is a classic. I typically make my way to this particular buffet once a year.. . Under $30 for a buffet lunch? That's almost unbeatable in Vegas, considering the quality of buffet you're getting - salads, seafood, Asian, Greek, American, an assortment of meats and seafood - go there during lunch. But also, if you arrive during the 11-3 lunch rush on weekends (which essentially spans the entire lunch time frame), be prepared with other forms of entertainment, as you'll most likely be graced with a 1-2 hour wait.. . However, for dinner, they offer lamb, the beef wellington, crab legs, shrimp cocktail, steak tartare, and ahi/salmon poke - in addition to the goodness they serve at lunch. . . More $, More Gluttony? Less $, Less Gluttony?. . Expect to pay a little under $50 for dinner, but the choice of trade-off is yours.
like it as much as the buffet at wynn
Real good for a buffet. What can I say it's the Bellagio, it better be good. For being a local for many years I would recommend the Carnival Buffet at the Rio, I think it's pretty much the best everything... Price and variety.
I loved this place! I wanted to stay for my entire trip!  The only issue was they had upped the price for Mother's day, so it was 100 dollars for 2 people. We did eat our money's worth!  The sushi was great, the Beef wellington was fantastic and it was hard to choose which of the many desserts to indulge on.  The wait staff we had was fantastic and even made me chocolate milk!
still, by far, the best quality food on the strip for buffets! for the price, most restaurants can not compete in quality. bar setting within the space is a nice touch--no one else has that.  service is average; nothing bad, but what do you expect from a buffet?  decor should be on par with the cuisine; seems very outdated, and bland for Bellagio; and what it represents.  even though it IS a buffet, WHERE it is at, should warrant a dress code.  it is not circus circus.
Best Americano in Vegas
We ate here Sunday Memorial Day Weekend the wait was long (1.5 hours) but it was worth it.  The service was unbelievably excellent, we had a great waitress Leilani that has been at the Bellagio since day one.  If you pay extra for the champagne and want mimosas get a glass of champagne with orange juice on the side.
We showed up at 10am for breakfast, and around 10:45 they started gradually replacing the breakfast food with lunch food!  So we got pretty much twice as much food to choose from... score!  I highly recommend doing this so you can experience double the food.. . I really enjoyed the breakfast - a really great variety of food. Tons of fruit, and some more unusual offerings too, such as breakfast pizza and 'congee' (which is Chinese rice porridge).  For the congee, add some miso soup & dried pork 'floss' (what an unfortunate name) to it! -- delicious.
Haven't tried all the buffet in vegas, but I was rather satisfied with the bellagio buffet. Showed up there at 7 on a Tuesday but still had to wait 25 min to be seated. Waiter came right away, brought drinks and kept taking dirty plate away. Plenty of dishes, nothing extraordinary but all decent. I recommend.
After much deliberation and a lot of input by fellow yelpers, we decided that my girlfriends first experience at a buffet would be at the Bellagio.. .  The food was all of good quality, but what impressed me the most was the side dishes; things like the mash potatoes and sauces were all really wonderful. A lot of time these items are just filler, but they were actually better than some of the main's. . .  Standouts; the crab legs, mashed potatoes and the brown sugar encrusted pork (the BBQ sauce that went with it made the dish my favorite main). The banana's foster was a fantastic desert, particularly when poured over their vanilla ice cream.. .  My service was good as well; the waiter was very attentive. The only thing I found a little strange was that you don't really run a tab with cocktails if paying cash; you pay as you go (which caused us confusion as to if we should be waiting for change or refilling our plates). With the selection they had, the price was worth every penny.
Prime rib is a must! I had to go for seconds and thirds. Though I was so stuffed. Dessert had huge selection, delish!
Damn this is a lot of choice for food.. . No wonder I stayed for 1.5  hours.   . . Pricy but worth it.  I will be going back, curse you for being tasty!!!!
Seriously one of the best eggs benedict that I have ever had from a buffet. Rich, buttery perfected hollandaise sauce.
Yum. We were seated around 10 am. I was amazed at first that they had congee!!! They even had pork sung and miso soup for breakfast! It was the most exciting part of the meal. They also had lots of mixed berries, which were so sweet that J was wondering if they added sugar to it. I believe the answer is no, although I can't say that with 100% confidence. They also had the cutest little apples which were also very good. The food they serve seems to be good quality and not just large quantities. For breakfast, there's a huge selection. While we were there, they even started to bring out lunch foods! Had we waited around a little longer, we could've gotten our hands on more lunch food. I wanted to stick around until the sushi came out but wasn't willing to wait another hour. Regardless, we left happy and stuffed.
***Dinner buffet review***. Reasonable price for nice variety including crabs and prime rib. . So my husband and I are very much buffet fanatics when visiting Vegas.  We usually end up going to buffet at least once a day.  . . We always loved Bellagio buffet and have been here several times.  It has a great mix of pretty much what you expect in a buffet.  Considering price, food choices (seafood included), ambiance, it is a solid 4 stars.. . * Food:  . - Snow and King crabs = cut in half and COLD.  The best thing about the crabs here is that they have plenty of them out so you won't have to stand in line for so long.  (HINT:  Snow crabs are actually more tasty than the King crabs...I know, it's werid). . - Prime Rib = very yummy, very fast line.. . * Price: $29.95/person (Thursday night). . * Ambiance = typical casino buffet.  Very nice but not so nice that you feel awkward carrying a plate full of crab legs and melted butter.  . . * Service = Very attentive.  No need to ask for refills or taking away dirty dishes.
People have been saying that the buffet isn't what it used to be.... But this was my first time so I thought it was pretty good!!. . Even at 8pm on a sunday night there was a 1 hour wait!! $30 pp for dinner. . Prime rib was yummy! Loved the ahi & salmon poke, steamed seabass was surprisingly moist & flavorful, enjoyed the salad station, go for the crab legs & shrimp cocktail! Ppl mentioned the pesto mashed potatoes & they were indeed enjoyable as well as the creamed spinach. Fresh fruits!. . As far as dessert the tiramisu, Creme brulee, & cheesecake weren't amazing but good for buffet standards!. . NOTE : if you're just getting in at the last hour of dinner before closing GET FOOD AS FAST AS POSSIBLE, they stop refilling things toward the end
Bellagio had the best quality of food among the buffets I tried. Unfortunately, this buffet was not a part of the 24 hour buffet pass. However, after eating at the Rio Seafood Buffet, Flamingo Buffet, and Harrahs Buffet, Bellagio was much better as far as quality. The price is higher than the 24 hour pass buffets, but it's worth it.
I've had The Buffet at the Bellagio for weekend brunch (excellent) and weekday breakfast (okay) before. Finally, I tried it for the weekday dinner ($29.95 plus tax & tip). Overall, it was a highly enjoyable experience. There is a lot of variety (meat, fish, pizzas, pasta, fresh fruit, desserts), but not everything is equally good.. . Some Highlights:. -The prime rib: flavorful and juicy. -The sirloin: kinda bland, a little dry. -The roasted turkey: unusually moist. -The pesto mashed potatoes: yummy. -The various roasted veggies: passable. -The mini-desserts: varied, I recommend the lemon meringues, the financiers, and the cappuccino mousse. The tiramisu was not good. The creme brulee was okay.. . My husband liked:. -The bluenose: tender and well-complemented by the sauce. -The smoked trout: tasty. -The spicy hunan chicken: excellent. -Homemade chorizo: Spicy, strong, and tender, though a little dry.. -Among the side dishes, the paella and succotash had particularly rich flavor.. . The Service: No problems here. Our ice teas were frequently refilled and our empty plates taken away.
This is like fine dining at a buffet price. There is fresh sushi and salads. I always end up eating 2 of the creme brulees. Of course prime rib and crab legs have a plate of their own.
This has always been my favorite buffet in Vegas, and I find myself coming back here every time. As much as like to eat bigger meal during dinner, I think the buffet here is more worth it at lunch time. They serve almost the same stuff as dinner like prime ribs, king crab legs, sushi, etc etc, for a few bucks cheaper. Oh yeah, I like weekend lunch because there's breakfast food and bottomless champagne or mimosafor like $5 extra.. . Bellagio also have more selections in seafood and meat compared to other places. And of course, their desserts are always very delightful! . . I recommend the spicy tuna hand wrap, and their cold udon salad. I also like how they have both king crab legs and snow crab legs, and of course, both pre-cut in the middle so the meat is accessible. . . The waiter I had this time was super nice. I asked for both iced and hot water and he kept coming back to refill them. He also take our finished plates away really fast.
$33 for a fathers day buffet...the line on a sunday can take up to an hour but once u get in it's worth it cuz their brunch buffet has king crab legs & snow crab legs...while their herbed polenta is pretty good as well as their various carving stations their sweet station is mediocre...the service is decent and your meal comes w/juice & tea (cranberry, orange, milk, coffee & green tea). Overall it's decent but nothing spectacular
My husband and kids love to come here every once in a while because I think it is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. You definitely can't go wrong with the champagne brunch. . . I haven't tried everything they have to offer because I can never eat that much food. Buffets are usually a waste of money for me because I can't eat that much. . . The food that I have tried has been great though. The breakfast like the scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French toast, and pancakes are all delicious. The desserts are also fantastic! I tried a few bites of my husbands prime rib which wasn't the best I've tried. I also tried some of his polenta which had an awesome flavor! It tasted like they cooked it in chicken broth. I couldn't stop eating it. The champagne was a bit harsh for me but I think because it is a cheap champagne, lol. The sushi is really yummy too but they only have two rolls to choose from California rolls and vegetable rolls. The crab legs were pretty good as well but they are chilled and I like mine hot. . . Overall, a great buffet if you want to wait in the huge lineup. There is always a two hour wait when we go there. Definitely try it out though!
I won't write much since so many people already have; but this is a great buffet - Lunch is about $21 with tax, which compared to a low-end buffet with terrible food, its worth an extra $7.. . Excellent deserts, Sushi was pretty descent (the sweet soy sauce is amazing!).  The sirloin was quite dry, but the shrimp was really good as were the mushrooms, asparagus.  Pizza was good because its pizza but nothing too special.. . Wait was standing in a Disneyland-like line for 45 minutes.  The wait isn't that long, but being confined to standing in an un-moving line is very tedious.. . The service was great, I actually had a re-fill (or two) for each plate I got.  That is very good service and I really appreciate our waiter's hustle.  They work much harder than some lazy person at Denny's who gives me one refill and only carries my plate away once so tip well..
For buffets in Vegas I would rate this as 4.5 stars.. I was very surprised by the high quality of foods served here....it was much better than I remembered it being when I went here around New Year's! I've only been to the Vegas buffets for dinner, but I think that Bellagio is definitely worth ~$30 per person for the kinds of foods offered here! Bellagio is also cheaper than Wynn (~$38) and Wicked Spoon (~$37) while the quality remains just as high.. So many delicious foods that I couldn't move past 1 food station without filling up my plate! lol. Desserts are also delicious minus the bread pudding and bananas foster. My FAV was the white chocolate cream nutella in a chocolate covered mini waffle cup!! I couldeat 20 of them!!!!!!    :9
The food here was as great as at the Wynn buffet, but I found the atmosphere somewhat lacking in comparison. They had music playing that would have been more at home in a Chilis or diner or something. Friendly enough service. In the end... the Wynn was simply the best one all around.
Very good buffet.  I would recommend the weekend brunch if you're there on a weekend.  We had their regular lunch on a Friday and although they're selection was still good, the brunch seemed like they had more.  What I had this time that was different the sliders, very good.  . What I like about this particular buffet is the quality and taste of the food, better than most that I've been to in LV.
Very impressive buffet! A variety of sushi, fish, shrimp, desserts...  Everything is fresh and well presented.
Eat here once a trip and it has never changed. This time was different as they has a ton of king crab legs they were loading on plates. This Buffett has everything from sushi to steak tartar . I always get a line pass and would never wait in line for hours as most do .
Sunday brunch buffet, after an absolutely atrocious visit to the Spice Market Buffet the prior night, which had us a little concerned that all the criticism of Vegas buffets was becoming warranted!  After a wait of around ten fifteen minutes we made it to the promised land!  Unlike Spice Market (once upon a time a Vegas fave of ours), just about all the food looked quite appealing!  How can eggs Benedict from a buffet be so darned good?!  I'm a massive fan of breakfast food, and nothing I had was disappointing.  Wife loves her fruit, and was especially pleased by the watermelon.  It was one of those experiences where you almost wish you were back in Roman orgy days (oops... wrong casino!) so you could go to the vomitorium and then come back for more delectibles!!!  I'm oh so close to giving the buffet 5 stars, but drop one as a result of mediocre coffee, the lack of personalized stations other than for omellettes, and too many limp and rubbery-looking pieces of bacon to wade through to find some crispier gems.  Thanks for restoring our faith in quality Vegas buffets, Bellagio!
The Buffet at Bellagio is like one long foodgasm. If you are going to do a buffet in Vegas, this is in the top 3. . . Our last visit was for the July 4 "Holiday Dinner" buffet which was $40.99 per person. It featured the King Crab Legs, Kobe-style Beef, and large Shrimp that are usually only available for the "Gourmet Dinner" ($36.99) on Friday or Saturday. Otherwise, the buffet is only $29.99 for dinner. Lunch, Weekend Brunch, and Breakfast are even cheaper.. . I literally gorged myself on King Crab Legs (as were hordes of others). A little butter, garlic, and spice for dipping and I was in crab heaven. Other nice discoveries were small, but addictive Steak Tartar bites, a couple Spicy Tuna Handrolls, steamed Halibut, and some spicy Cornbread. The pizza and prime rib were disappointing. Avoid them. For dessert, some nice cakes were present, but the yogurt machine was Souplantation quality.. . Tip: Pay the lunch price before 4:00 and get dinner options at 4:00. Saves you around $10 a person.. . Tip 2: Plan to spend about 45 minutes in line... unless you are lucky...and if you're lucky get out of line and go hit the nearest baccarat table before eating.
Great buffet with a wide variety of quality items. The waiters were very attentive and quick to assist. The crab legs were good, but the salad area seemed a little low on items and the salad itself seemed a little old. However, there were so many other positives that made up for it. The tables and seating areas were very clean and comfortable.. . I just felt it was somewhat overpriced, BUT was Very Good overall. . . I would definitely come back!. . Well, I have been back several times with friends and just Love this place. It's great for the "morning after" brunch. Lots of quality items and no "guess what I am" lurking under the heat-lamps. You really need to go if you've never been! Very clean surroundings and Very Fresh food.
Hands down, best buffet I've ever been to. Huge selection of different foods and I was so happy that they had so many seafood choices since I'm not too much of a meat lover. I really don't have much to say about this buffet other than it was pretty amazing. I think that it was completely worth it for what I paid. $40/person or something crazy like that. I do have 2 gripes though. 1) sushi section sucked. Although there was some good sashimi and tuna salad, there were no good rolls. Just a very sad looking california roll. tsk tsk. 2) The desserts were horrible. I'm a huge dessert buff and I was very disappointed. They all looked very pretty but tasted pretty gross. My cousins and all all sampled one of each dessert and found none that we actually liked. The worst was the flan, it was quite disgusting. But other than that, because everything else was so good, I am able to look past that and still give The Buffet at Bellagio 4 stars. Yeah, spoiled.
Awesome food all around - fresh seafood, mouthwatering prime rib, creamy pasta, and delicious desserts! Only downsides were the hour wait and slightly noisy dining environment. For the money, though, a must see in Vegas!
You cannot beat this buffet for the price,we were impressed.Give yourself about a half hour before being seated because there is always a line.Desserts were fantastic.Will defiantly return for dinner next time.We had lunch on this visit.
Parmi tous les buffets testes il y a maintenant 2 ans (a raison d'un par jour),le Bellagio etait l'un de mes preferes avec le Wynn. . Ce qui m'avait le plus marque ici c'etait certainement les gaufres, toutes marquees du B du Bellagio, la grande classe je vous dis !. . Petite astuce : le mieux selon moi c'est d'arriver un peu avant la fin du service breakfast (qui termine a 11h), ainsi vous ne payez que 17$ par personne (avec les taxes) et si vous prenez bien votre temps (ce qui ne vous demande pas beaucoup d'effort) vous pourrez profiter pleinement du buffet du lunch qui commence a 12h :). . Autrement dit vous allez faire 2 voir meme 3 repas en 1... pas de doute vous etes bien dans la ville de tous les exces !!!. . Je rejoins un peu Axle M. sur le cadre qui n'est pas vraiment a la hauteur de la renommee de l'hotel et de la qualite de la cuisine servie, sinon je mettais moi aussi une cinquieme etoile sans hesiter !
Good selection of food, I've been there a few times on the weekend for the "gourmet" dinner buffet.  Great selection of food, decent quality.  My favorite dish is the rack of lamb when they have it. Desserts are also very wonderful, they have creme brulee! YUM!  Service however is never all that great, it's on and off had good and bad experiences.
I Love Buffetsssss and the Bellagio buffet is one of the best in Vegas... . First off, the line can take an hour but it is totally worth it. . . Second, I ate so much seabass it was ridiculous. their seabass is soooo delicious and buttery and flakey and all the good stuff. DEFINITELY worth the 30 dollars I spent (we went on a Monday night)!  The crab legs were a little salty and not as good as I thought they would be.. . Mushroom raviolis were also really good.. . DEFINITELY though, the sea bass... is to die for.
Yummy, if you can think of it they had it. Huge selection and great tasting. . . Very pricey, fun to do at least once.
When I go to Vegas, I usually go from Friday afternoon until Sunday afternoon/evening. The thing with my friends and I is that we don't eat the first two days there. Well, sorta. I mean we do kinda eat I guess, but our typical meals the first two days are really cheap (think McDonalds or Chipotle) or just alcohol - usually the latter. We would much rather save a trip to the buffet until our last day there seeing that we won't have to be wearing bikinis for the day pool parties or tight dresses at night for the clubs. No shame when we get to the buffet and stuff our faces. . . Anyways, one of my favorite buffets in Vegas is the one located at the Belagio. It's about $25 for the lunch price and I think about $30 for the dinner. For an extra $5, you can opt for the endless mimosas option too! My friends and I typically go around 3-4 in the afternoon because it'll still have breakfast and lunch items, but also that's sort of around the time they start putting out dinner items. Call me weird, but I'll still enjoy bacon and waffles at 4 in the afternoon. . . The food here is absolutely amazing. They have a huge selection to choose from, so you'll definitely find something that will fit your mood. Can't stress how much you should always make room for desserts because they have some of THE best choices to try out. . . Overall, I would definitely go back again. I've been there countless times and despite the long wait at times, I've enjoyed every trip.
aprox 2 hr wait for dinner.. $32 including tax.. large for variety of menu options.. divious entree items - snow crab, king crab, prime rib, kobe beef.. definitely worth the wait.
Their gourmet buffet is the best! A little pricey but definitely worth it! I think i paid like $60 that day and yep i was alone that time. Make sure that you are super hungry when you come here because you would like to try all of the dishes. Make sure to save some room for desert. They all look very pretty and well presented!
Where to begin.... Shrimp pesto pizza, sliders, huge fresh peeled shrimp, prime rib that makes you want to slap your mama....this buffet is the best in Vegas.  You must eat here. Hubs and I always come for lunch at least once when we are out here. For us, lunch is the best value. $19.99 each and there isn't a huge difference in the dinner selection worth the higher price and the hour plus wait. Put your best loose pants on and enjoy!
Bellagio certainly doesnt dissappoint in terms of its reputation. . . For a taste of everything, The Buffett at Bellagio has just about everything one can possibly desire. Now theres always the classic debate of whether the Wynn or Bellagio is better in terms of buffert. My take is on the Bellagio, by just a hairline. From Asian to French Italian to pure vegetarian, they have possibly the best selection in terms of quality and quantity. . . Get there early during off-peak hours otherwise the wait time could be an hour or more. Everytime I go to Vegas, I MUST at least have a full meal there.
Great sushi! Everything else was just ok.
I want to start out saying, buffets are iffy. Usually they are a hit or miss, but this visit was definitely a hit! I usually love buffets, but only if they have crab legs, which this buffet had lots of! Either King Crab or Snow Crab. They are all on ice, but you can ask to get it steamed. As I said before, I love buffets, but my boyfriend is not so keen on buffets until he ate here! He was actually satisfied with his dinner and said he would go back. .  I only gave it a four stars because they do not offer unlimited alcoholic beverages like Bayside Buffet does at Mandalay Bay. The desserts weren't great, but they did have banana foster and their ice cream actually tasted like ice cream! Also this review is for dinner only, which was about $30 per person.
My first buffet in Vegas (but certainly not the last). . . After waiting in line for just short of an hour,  the meal began with us piling leg upon leg of king crab onto our plates and heading straight for the  steaming vat of melted butter. Next was the beef wellington followed by shrimp, and shepherd's pie. I'm the kind of guy that puts vegetables on the plate just for color and to fill in any nooks or crannies on the plate as a sort of damn to prevent foods from mixing together. There is nothing worse than having your ravioli sauce mixing with the chicken wings. With their oval leaves, lettuce works well as an organic capsule to hold certain dishes.. . After finishing dessert (the macaroons were nothing special) we were absolutely stuffed, making sure our meal was well worth the 90 dollar price tag. I would recommend this buffet if you have lots of room and want to enjoy nice legs (crab legs that is, you can get the other kind at a different place in Vegas).
Delicieux et question rapport qualite / prix, parfait !!. seule la salle de restauration n'est pas a la hauteur des prestations de l'Hotel et de la decoration des autres espaces. Le Bellagio est sublissime, cette salle est banale.
Worth the wait and the money. Here's a tip, if there's a long line and there's only two of you sneak up to the hostess at the front and ask to sit at the bar...you won't have to wait as long! So much variety and top quality food. We went for lunch and maybe that is why they didn't have crab legs (those might be served only at dinner).
My husband and I have been hearing this is the best buffet in Vegas so we decided to give it a try. I have to say we were very lucky we arrived early and got in quickly by the time we left it had a huge line. I can see why though the food was definitely worth it. My favorites being the king crab legs the beef wellington and beef bourguignon but they had so many choices and Kobe style beef sirloin prime rib turkey Italian and Japanese cuisine as well as Chinese American and seafood selections. I highly recommend this buffet even though the service seems a bit slow for getting drinks refilled and removing plates. IT could easily be five star accept for the lack of service.
Second time here, and they have not disappointed!  Excellent choices for all the phases of your buffet gorge-fest.    Shrimp is hit or miss.. . Desserts are less than the Wynn, but overall pretty good, and always fresh.  . . Salad bar seems to be a vast desert with no takers, they could easily reduce this and put in another meat station.... . It's pricey for dinner, but they've got crab legs by the crateful, so it's worth it.. . Yes, I'll be back.  Again.
I love buffets and this may be the towns best..now because I have eaten in proubly 25-30 buffets around town. I have the credentials to make a statement like that! OK as of today I haven't tried the new buffet at Ceasors. Best to have dinner here Fri,or Sat nite its then they serve Beef Wellington&Lamb chops..also best to get in B4  four PM then you pay the lunchen price . Its pricey around $20 for lunch & $35ish. for dinner but give it a try!.....UPDATE! since posting the above review I have now tried the new buffet at Censor's Palace and have to say that one is the best...Also the Bellagio's dinner price now starts at 3:30 PM.  UPDATE! After trying Ceasors new buffet,I have to rate that number !
Hands down THE BEST buffet alternative to the Rio and THE BEST on the Strip.  Despite the long lines and the $40 price tag ($36.99 plus $3 tax)  This buffet is worth the wait as well as every penny.   King crab already cut in half for you, bluenose, salmon, cocktail shrimp, pesto ravioli and more I can't remember or mention.  Can't get any better than that.  They also have dessert and some snacks (banana chips, raisins, etc.).  Sushi was ok, but service was great and the food was salivating and kept me coming back for more.  One star taken off for the long lines, but hey it's Vegas!  And yes, i'll be back (Arnold Schwarzenegger voice)...whenever I return to Vegas.
After the Wynn, I think the Bellagio is the best dinner buffet in Vegas.  Clean, big, interesting choices, nice room.  They have things like salmon and tuna poke (a sushi variety) and incredible meat and fish items.  I always try to make it to the Bellagio buffet when I'm in town.  A bit pricey but better than a plated dinner and if you skip the optional cocktails you can get a HUGE dinner for two with top quality food (crab legs, sushi, prime rib, beef, pasta, killer desserts) for under $90 with tip.. . I'd rate it an A.
The Buffet at Bellagio has a nice selection of food. It won't wow you over and the atmosphere isn't exactly hip, but I enjoyed what I had and ended my meal with a dessert of carrot cake, bread pudding, ice cream, and bananas foster. I love dessert and took a full buffet plate so I could pile it high with sweetness. I love America!. . Aside from the prime rib (it was good but small) they were serving up Kobe beef the night I went. I had never tried Kobe before and...and...maybe it said "Kobey beef" or "Coby beef" because it wasn't exactly the most tender beef I've ever had. The prime rib was actually more tender. Oh well.
excellent.  go in right before lunch closes and stay for dinner.  awesome king crab legs.  prime rib was really good.  everything was really good.  wayyyyyy better than the buffet at planet hollywood.
I normally don't do buffets but this one is fantastic! For around $25 at dinner, you have items to chose from like, king crab, prime rib, pesto mashed potatoes and sushi! There is a salad bar, soups, various fish entrees, Asian, Indian, Italian and American foods. Plus everything is good! I think I tried a little of everything! :( The dessert bar has a good selection of yummies like tirimisu,cheesecake and tarts. They are all presented really nice with chocolate "B's", for Bellagio of course. Not all buffets are good on the strip so BUYER BEWARE. Spend the extra $5 per person to go to the Bellagio, it is WELL worth the extra cash.
Ideal place for dinner if you love or love to try 3 things: prime rib, sea bass, and king crab.  They already cracked open the crab legs for you,  so no time is wasted in gobbling your money's worth of sweet meats.  However, don't expect a nice sushi bar or even decent Asian food here. . . It's not an all-around, all-star buffet.  Just one that excels in "high ticket" items (yay for king crabs!)
Went for brunch/lunch with my family... We opted for the Bellagio over the Wynn based on the reviews. We arrived at 1100 and finally got through the long line around 1200. I was pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness, huge variety of the food, and drinks. There is a little bit of everything from meats, pastas, seafood, salads, pizzas, breads, fruits, breakfast items (omlet station, pancakes/waffles, warm maple syrup, thick slabs of bacon, red potatoes, and sausage-SO YUMMY!!!!) and desserts!!! Champage/mimosas were optional for a small extra charge and the orange juice tasted like it was freshly squeezed. My favorites were the large cocktail shrimp, prime rib, ham, turkey, sea bass/salmon, coos coos, sushi, eggs bennidict, and the best cherry danishes that I've ever had!!!! The fresh fruit was amazingly sweet and ripe especially the strawberries, cantaloupe, and watermelon. The waitress was attentive and checked on our table often. We tried everything and I wasn't disappointed with anything. My daughter is 8 and can be a picky eater, but even she was in  pure heavan with the selections. For 3 people we spent $98.00 and it was worth every penny!!! We'll defiantly be back!
Best Buffet! Such a large selection! Only downside is the LINE for this place. But if you plan ahead, and get in line an hour before you want to be eating, you wont regret it!
Stay away from the starches and indulge on all the wonderful selections of meats they have there and assorted seafood and then finish off with tasty desserts and you will be so full you have to walk the strip just so it will relieve the giant lump in your stomach
Definitely a Vegas staple and used to be a must-visit (before Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet opened, which is only $5 more and significantly better). Great selection of entrees but the dessert station will disappoint. Service is prompt and courteous.
We had breakfast here during the week. It was a hybrid brunch with a few lunch type items. We arrived shortly after 8 am and only waited about 10 minutes before we paid and were seated. My husband loved the omelet station and the bacon was perfectly crispy. Service was very good and even the decaf coffee was really good.. . The cost of the buffet was about the same as the "sit down" breakfast we had at Cafe Bellagio and we had many more choices and fuller bellies!. . Take the time to get an M Life card before you go and you'll save yourself some time getting in. Also get there early for breakfast and you won't be waiting with a rumbling stomach!
hands down my favorite buffet in las vegas!!. . i've been to the buffets at aria, planet hollywood, cesar's palace and wynn and was always disppointed. BUT i always walk away from the buffet at the bellagio super satisfied! . . my family and i visited las vegas during thanksgiving weekend and wanted to eat at this buffet so we decided to come at 4pm to avoid dinner traffic. sigh, our plan was a TOTAL FAIL! the line was extremely long and was told that the wait was 2 hours. my family decided to pay for the vip pass to bypass the line! . . the dinner price for the buffet was 44.99 and the pass was 15 per person...i know, it adds up BIG TIME. . . BUT! once we got in and started eating, we slowly forgot how empty our wallets were! the food was delicious! . . my top favorites:. -prime rib. -kobe beef. -king crab legs. -butternut squash ravioli. -make your own tacos . -BREAD PUDDING!!!!! ( I STILL HAVE DREAMS ABOUT THIS!! OMG SO GOOD ) . . can't wait to go back to vegas so i can eat here again :)
I've been to my share of Vegas buffets on and off The Strip and I still prefer coming here over going to the newer and more expensive Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace. I like that they put the salads behind the see through counter so they don't get contaminated by messy patrons. The guy preparing the salads will serve you a portion.. . The obvious must eats:. King crab legs (split apart for your convenience). Prime rib. Kobe beef  (not really kobe, definitely not fatty enough). Jumbo cocktail shrimp. Chocolate covered strawberries (actually the entire dessert station). . Year after year, this buffet still has not disappointed me once.
Since I'm not a frequenter of buffets, I was rather curious about the hoopla surrounding them.  When our Canuck pals came into town for a quick visit, they suggested we check out Bellagio's buffet, since they wanted to try it.  I was more impressed than I thought!  The variety of food and the quality of the food was great (I really enjoyed the protein offerings).  You will find prime rib and seafood and Mexican entrees and sushi....whatever you could possibly want.  Everything I had, from the meat to the veggies, tasted fresh.  And dessert!  Lots of them and happily, everything wasn't too large.....which meant lots of sampling.  My favourites included the little lemon tarts and the chocolate mousse.. . Service was good and the seating area didn't feel like I was in a buffet.  Our server was very patient with us, especially when my friend's kid spilled Coke everywhere.  ;P
A bit pricey but worth it.  I can't say anything bad about the food here, everything I got from the lunch buffet line was good.  Service is excellent and we got seated pretty quickly.  Highlights:. . The spicy tuna roll was actually pretty close to something you get from a sushi bar!  Smoked salmon had the right balance of not being being too salty and a hint of smoky flavor, shrimp cocktail was pretty big and cocktail sauce was not too sweet or sour.  Soft serve and other desserts were good too, not overly sweet.. . Recommended for sure!
As some of the reviews state, yes there is definitely a wait, and yes, the cashiers are definitely not the most pleasant people... but overall, I thought this buffet was well worth the $40. I can't even remember the last time I went to a buffet, but I loved all the choices here. And it never felt too crowded while getting food. Lots of different meats, seafood, and pastas. Crab legs, sushi, and kobe beef. Italian pastas, chinese food, turkey and sweet potatoes, tacos, pizzas, etc. You name it, it was probably there in some form. The desserts were good too (bread pudding, brownies, cheesecake, tiramisu, etc.) . . Overall, I was a little disappointed with the crab and the sushi, but the salmon and pesto tortellini made up for it. While in Vegas, this was probably my wisest food purchase of the week. The strip is so expensive anyway, trying to go cheap usually means sacrificing quality while still paying an inflated price. Just go to a buffet :)
Paid $35 total (tax + tip included) for a Sunday brunch.. . To avoid any disappointment, I would make sure to be cautious of what your expectations for the food will be. Reading Yelp reviews made me expect delicious crab legs, lobster, macarons, and creme brulee. When I finally went, none of these existed, except for crab legs that were "okay" tasting, and served very very cold. After reading more reviews and using deduction, I believe the buffet price will fluctuate (up or down) depending on what specials they might serve at the buffet, and that it won't always have the same foods. Which is a bit disappointing, since you get excited over reading reviews or hearing about it from friends, and then if you happen to go during a different day or season, you might end up having different food served. That's my biggest disappointment with this place. It'd be great if they could straight up list the highlights of food served to justify the differences in prices.. . As for the buffet itself, make sure you know how to pace yourself and make sure to go only if you like variety. There is a good amount of food to try, but if you are picky and/or don't like some of the selection, you're not going to get your money's worth unless you find the dishes you really like and stock up on those. I personally give this place 4 stars because I ate here for at least 4 hours and went out with such a happy belly.. . Some food I really enjoyed (this was on a Sunday, some were for brunch and some were for dinner menu): prime rib, shrimp, spicy tuna handrolls, all sashimi and nigiri sushi, tortellini, bacon, eggs benedict, flan, cheesecake, chocolate mouse, banana french toast, seaweed, pesto mashed potatoes, wonton soup.
Great buffet, classic setting, no complaints other than the obvious crowds.. . I was lucky and got here with 20 minutes left for breakfast so I paid the lower entrance fee and after my first round, they converted everything to lunch food and higher prices, so I felt like I beat the Man on that one.. . I am not sure if this is still the best in Vegas, as I have not been to them all, but you will be very satisfied here and the ambiance is awesome.
Pricey but satisfying. Went for dinner on a Monday. The line was crazy. There is a whole lot a variety. The desserts are well done. I'd say everything was tasty, but nothing stood out over anything else. There's a premium for alcohol, which sucks. My friend who has a gluten allergy found plenty of thing to eat.
Great buffet with a nice variety of foods, comfortable ambiance, and ideal location.  The food is tasty and it's a couple bucks cheaper than the Wicked Spoon buffet.
came here for company holiday dinner - apparently gourmet dinner turned into holiday dinner which was $10 more but it was kool . . . round 1: RAW - poke was fresh excellent sashimi good sushi good hand rolls superb . round 2: Seafood - king crab legs excellen juicy & succulent / shrimp cocktail good clam chowder warm & satisifying w/ lumps of clam  . round 3: MEAT!! kindda disappointing round lamb chops overcooked kobe meat couldnt cut into but the PRIME RIB meltedi my mouth . round 4: desserts creme bruleee oooohhhh soo good oooo lala macaroons good meringues good fruit tarts excellent ice cream good . round 5: fruit juicy sweet watermelon / strawberries . . overall good
Food was really good especially near Christmas!  But first, they have great customer service.  I have a special needs son and the wait was going to be two hours.  I spoke with one of the service people and they got a manager to speak with me.  He was able to get me to the head of the line and a discount for him.  The person (Marianna) in charge of the line was extremely nice and brought tears to my eyes.. . Anyway, try the crab legs and shrimp cocktail (better than Bacchanal), the duck breast, grilled duck legs, and of course, the goose.  They had great grilled lamb chops, prime rib and sushi.  Selection is not as vast as Bacchanal, but it is a lot cheaper and we found that my son likes the chicken mole sauce.. . Really, really good was the grilled sea bass.. . The Kobe beef was so so, but the other meats make up for it.. . Desserts were OK but the fresh fruit was excellent.. . They have free beer and wine by the glass.. . Will be back.
Out of all the buffets in Vegas,I chose this one because I read online that it is one of the better quality ones.  (The ones at the Wynn & Caesar's Palace seemed to get high marks too.)  I went here for dinner the day after Christmas, so they had holiday prices of $47.99/person...pretty steep, but so be it.  I believe the usual dinner price is $32.  What was really outrageous is that it was a 2 hour, 10 minute wait to get a table and that line moved extremely slowly!  If I had known that the wait was that long, I wouldn't have done it.  I've never in my life waited that long to eat a meal!  It was rather miserable & I hadn't eaten all day.  They actually gave people the option of paying $20 to go in the front of the line, like how they have the flash passes for the rides at amusement parks.  It was probably worth paying, but I didn't do it.. . As far as the food itself, the selection was pretty good.  There's several things I'd never eat & I didn't really try them now.  But there were almost as many foods I did like, such as the pesto mashed potatoes (very tasty!), the gnocchi, shrimp cocktail, cold calamari salad, sushi, turkey, and cornbread stuffing.  Overall, I think the quality of the food is great!  This is the buffet with the crab legs that are split in half.  I didn't try them, but my boyfriend did.  He thought they were OK.  He didn't know they were chilled and they weren't as large as he thought.  There was hot melted butter to go with them, but combined with the chilled legs, it gave them a lukewarm/funny temperature.  Many people were eating piles of them.. . The interior was very nice & elegant...after all, it is the Bellagio.  The waiter was very nice.  With all those thousands of diners, the employees there worked their heads off!
I wish if I can give two different star ratings for the food and the dessert.. I'd give 5 stars for the food and only 3 stars for the dessert.. Must-try food:. Alaskan King crab leg - this is the #1 reason my husband and I came here. We tried the same crab leg in Bacchanal buffet at Caesars Palace. Trust me, the Bellagio ones are bigger and much lumpier in meat. Also, the Bellagio's is COLD crab leg, while the Bacchanal's is WARM crab leg.. Prime rib - cooked medium well, just the right amount for the meat to stay tender and juicy. For the price rib, they serve 2 choices: regular beef prime rib and wagyu beef. To be honest, I like the regular prime rib. Can't even tell if the other one is wagyu because there's not enough marbling to convince me it's wagyu. . Pork rib - Juicy and tender, with right amount of Asian sweetness. Ahi poke - right amount of heat, dip it in wasabi + soy sauce. Rock cod - melts in your mouth. . Skipped food, so don't know how to judge:. All pizzas and pastas. All salad. . As for the dessert, I was very disappointed. The desserts was lacking in selection and it lacks creativity. Mostly just small piece of tarts and tiramisu, boring old creme brulee, bread pudding, and flan. The only dessert that I truly enjoyed was the eclair. . My husband told me they use to serve great selection of Gelato, but it was not available when we came during Christmas.. If you are crazy for desserts, do to Bacchanal Buffet. You will feel like in heaven.
Very expensive at $50 per person but good food and good service. There can be a long wait so if you are in a rush, the buffet may not be the best spot. . . Food: 4. Service (including wait): 3. Total: 3.5 rounds up
We came here at around 11 am for lunch - no line to get in but the selection is more limited since they still have breakfast items and don't open the sushi and spring roll bar until noon.  They also bumped up the price since it was considered a holiday week - I think it was $38/pp or something.  . . The seafood is always wonderful here, especially the king crab legs.  It's served real cold with chunks of ice, but you can ask the folks at the grill to steam the dish for you.  They do replenish these frequently, so don't worry if you don't see any after the first round.  Just don't settle for the snow crab legs -- they are smaller in size, have less meat, and are actually much saltier.  The shrimp cocktail is wonderful too - some pretty large-sized shrimp here, as are the smoked trout and pickled herring.. . Prime rib was just OK - juicy and flavorful but probably a tad inferior to Wicked Spoon.. . The other item that really stands out is the pecan pie dessert - it has a hard crust bit the filling is surprisingly balanced and not overwhelmingly sweet.. . We finished at around 12:30 to 1PM I think and there was a huge line waiting to get in.  I'll be curious what Bellagio changes out from their Breakfast selections for the lunch crowd - but at the time we opted to get seated earlier.
The buffet at Bellagio was the best buffet I believe I have EVER had. I'd truly rate my experience a 4.5.. . We arrived during prime lunch hours and were told that the wait was two hours, but for an additional $15/person you (yes, YOU!) may skip the line. That is where they get you. We spent $75 on lunch for two.. . That being said, we were on vacation and the food (while perhaps not worry worth $35pp!) was a plenty and oh.SO good! . . There was your typical salad bar, plus an abundance of other cold salads, cheeses and deli meats to try. They had tons of gourmet sliders available as well as carving stations of prime rib, flank steak (my fave!) and turkey.. . There were a lot of Asian inspired treats, such as sushi (just Cali roll and veggie, but very fresh), spring rolls, soups, lo meins and rice. . . There were also three or four flatbreads to choose from and all were creative and looked quite impressive. There was also fresh shrimp cocktail and TONS of dessert. . . If ever you're in Las Vegas, treat yourself to this buffet!
i think the bellagio buffet is my most favorite. great selection, yummy and clean. great service too. the pesto mashed potatoes were WOW! the prime rib was MMMMMmmm. and the smoked salmon was AMAZE. =)
Oh Bellagio Buffet, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. The Bellagio Buffet has been a staple for every trip my famiy has taken to Las Vegas. It simply does not disappoint. The ingredients are of the best quality and everything tastes brilliant. During holidays the wait time can be incredibly long - one to even three hours wait! But is it worth it? Absolutely! I was here for a holiday dinner last December and the buffet had a salad and sushi station with made to order salads and fresh sushi. Carving stations include turkey, beef wellington, prime rib, kobe beef and lamb. All of the meats were well seasoned, juicy, tender and melt in your mouth good. The pizza was AMAZING - I've tried my fair share of buffet pizza and their's definitely does not scrimp on quality or taste. There is also a variety of Asian and Italian dishes, soups, and sides galore. And then there's dessert - oh dessert - so YUM. I tried a little bit of everything and definitely enjoyed the bread pudding, bananas foster and the nutella cones. Come, take your time, eat, savor, leave full and happy.
Every time I go to Vegas someone wants to go to a buffet including me. My friend took me here 7 years ago and we have continued to here go every single year. This place is so good, I was asking him we gotta go!  The big draw is the Alaskan King Crab Legs. Wow! They was an empty bowl when we arrived the last time, but guess who was waiting at the number 1 spot?  Yeah!  The crab meat was huge like I last remembered.  Hot butter?  Bib?  . . They have a huge variety of food types, like:  Italian, Japanese, Chinese, seafood and American cuisines.  We always have a little of everything and it is delicious.  I've never had sushi at a buffet, is it safe here?  Anyone?  My friend said yes!  Shhhhhh. I never tried it.  I only get sushi at my favorite Japanese places.  . . Here are some tips:. . 1) For dinner, go early meaning before 6pm or expect a long line.  There has always been a line when we have gone. If the line zig-zags to the the casino - that's 1 hour. . . In January, they had a $15 VIP service which would allow us to cut to the front.  We had a show and we had a lot a food to eat so we decided it was worth it.  That trimmed 60+ minutes for us.  . . 2) Don't over eat, save room for dessert.. . I've gone to a lot of Vegas buffets but this is my current favorite.
4 stars because i was super starving! Actually it was very good. We got there around 5pm. No line. Great food. I had prime rib, 2 slice of kobe steak! Delicious. Melt in my mouth. The red potato was cook to perfection. I know vegas has many buffets but this one is on top of my list. Me and the gf had no complain. She devour the sushi and said the best dessert ever! I was too stuff to fit any dessert. We left about hour later and there was a line wrap til the front entrance. So left and gamble n lost some money! So in reality that was a expensive buffet for us. Haha. No really the bill was $65 or something.
Great! Staff at the bar is super friendly. Went for lunch and there were LOTS of options. I love different kinds of cuisine was organized and the food just kept on coming! It was also GOOD. So that's always nice :)
Champagne brunch at the Bellagio on Sundays = pretty fantastic! Don't plan on doing anything afterwards because with the amount of mimosas you'll have consumed (they keep them coming) you'll need a nap after this brunch. I've been 3 times now and the food is always excellent. They have breakfast and lunch foods, and the food is nicely varied. The dessert bar could give anyone a sweet tooth (or diabetes) and the salad bar look super fresh. Do yourself a favor and go just once to say you've gone.
30 bucks for dinner on a Monday evening. Tons of food, over the top! They have a little bit of everything. My highlights were: the meat carving area, (mmm prime rib was delicious!) the pre mixed salads were tasty and fresh, (citrusy chicken orange and nut salad!) lots of dessert selection (i had creme brule and yuumy meringue) . and you MUST try the pesto mashed potatoes. I think that was one of my favorite things there!!. Lowlights: the sushi had kind of a dry flilm on top like it had been sitting out way too long and not much selection. Also I would like them to offer crab legs in more than one spot, there was a 5-7 person line at all times for the 1 single tray of crab legs.
Love the variety....watch out for the Asians taking all the crab (my parents being 2 of them).. Everything was good. Loved the caviar station and all the pretty yummy desserts.. I don't know when they started this but now they have an all you can drink option. $8 for beer or wine. . My only CON: I had to pay full price for my 6 year old. $38.99 for him to eat 2 slices of pizza and have some soft serve.
Great variety and very good quality for a buffet - especially the dessert bar!  The service was very good, epecially considering we had a large party.
This is one of the popular buffets in Vegas, one of the more expensive one too, yet I find myself here almost every time I am in town.. . If you got a food indecisive group with you, buffet is usually an ideal choice, since everybody can find something they can eat here even vegetarians.  We went on gourmet night this last visit, it was about $44/person with tax.  Only difference is that they added specialty dishes from different cuisines like Beef Wellington, Lamb Chop, Venison, Prime Ribs, Pork Belly, Bulgogi, etc.  Now they were not gourmet level, but good enough for decent taste at buffet.. . The king crab legs are the standard food here, every table will have at least one person with a plate full of them inside.  Sushi was ok, cannot really compare with them a standalone sushi buffet.  The dessert station in the center was the highlight of the night, classy display filled with deliciousness.. . Adding onto the 1995 reviews for the Buffet at Bellagio, you will probably be full if you sampled one bite of every dish here.
I wasn't planning to eat here, but it was convenient because we were staying at the hotel and had a line pass. The seating area decor is just a step above Hometown Buffet and really nothing to write home about. We also waited a while before someone took our beverage order. But hey, it's a buffet, and OH THE FOOD!! The standouts for me were:. . - Prime rib: quality reminiscent of House of Prime Rib in SF (my fave!), and there's even Yorkshire pudding with creamed spinach if you want to recreate your HOPR plate :) . - Alaskan king crab + snow crab: Humma and I stopped pacing ourselves here and heaped 2 full plates (regret came later). . . Pro-tip: Come at 3:15pm, pay the weekend brunch price of $28 pp, and enjoy dinner selection at 3:30pm for $10 less. Best of all, this 2.5 hr glutton-inducing ordeal kept us full for the rest of the night.
I thought this was an awesome buffet. We went for Easter weekend brunch at $35 a person and it was well worth it. Crab Legs, Prime Rib, Omelet station, Bacon cooked to perfection (my son got a plate full) Sushi, pizza, Ham, Fried Rice, Pesto mashed potatoes and so much more including their large selection of salads and desserts! I ate until I could not eat no more and my drink was never empty! I gave 4 stars due to the seating...I know they are busy but they still need space for people to walk through with plates in their hand some walk ways were too tight, I saw someone turn sideways to get through and if I was at the table I would have a butt in my face.. yeah not cool!
Great buffet. Definitely will come here agian. The only downside was the line. It was almost an hour wait to get in. They do offer a line pass but for $15 extra dollars per person its not worth it. I vote this number two buffet behind Caesars.
I am so sad that my stomach decided to rebel against me on the day I was to eat at The Buffet @ the Bellagio. Because of my body's revolt, I was unable to eat as much as I wish I did. I managed to eat a few bites at a time, because my stomach was feeling queasy since the morning. At the time, I thought I'd give the place 3 stars, but now that I am more clear headed, i think the Bellagio is well worth 4 stars.. . If you come here during lunch time during the weekday, you can get in for $20.99 and stay till dinner! Are you kidding me? That's a freaking good deal! It's nothing phenomenal, but for $20.99 the food is pretty damn good! If you come during lunch, they even have some breakfast foods out. I had some eggs benedict, and it was pretty good!. . The pastas are also delicious and so are the meats. Had my stupid stomach been feeling better, I would have totally gone after some prime rib, crab legs, and all that deliciousness. They even have jus to put over your roast/meat, and it's delicious! They have a pretty good selection of food. It's not individually portioned out. . . One thing that bothered me was the soup station. the ladle was too damn long! It was so hard to ladle soup into my bowl. I burned myself. Shorten that ladle, dude. . . Seating for me took about 30-40 minutes, kind of what you would expect from a buffet. But I would say it was well worthit. To get the biggest bang for the buck, come during the weekday during lunch (like around 2:30) and stay til dinner. =) cheers!
Worth it...too but I couldnt eat much due to a hangover :)
I went for lunch and it was enjoyable. It was very good for the money. No issues at all.
A solid buffet to check out before leaving Vegas, over the years I have been to The Buffet at Bellagio a bunch of times and It's usually quite good. The price is reasonable, I've spend over 30 bucks for a burger and a few beers so the price is nothing to loose sleep over. . . I had a few of the staples which never disappoint including the king crab legs, rack of lamb, oysters rockefeller, and the delectable sweets. Probably the biggest two disappointments were the kobe beef and prime rib - but with the abundance of variety I still ended up having a wonderful meal.
Two things: King crab and snow crab. Those alone cover the $40 fee per person. C'mon people stop complaining. King crab legs go for $12.99/lb and sometimes more at the grocery stores. That is including the shell. I am pretty sure I ate more than two pounds each of the King and snow crab meat. Then there's dessert. So many to choose from and I got dizzy trying to, so I went for my fave chocolate cake and pie. Both were good. At this time I was so over stuffed that I couldn't see nor think about food anymore.
Following up a Vegas club review @ Bellagio that I've been to twice and don't remember the first visit... a Vegas BUFFET that I've been to twice and don't remember the first time. Came here two weeks ago (April 2013) and once back in 2010. The first time... the server gave me some vodka laced drink that my friend John O. thought was spiked and 20 mins later I was pretty much out of it / didn't even eat.. . =========. LOCATION. =========. . It's in the Bellagio. Pretty big dining room, the actual buffet stations seem smaller than others (RIO / WYNN). However it's done pretty nice / elegantly. Main problem was in the mens bathroom there was ONLY one toilet. Really? At a buffet?? TIP: go to the bathroom JUST OUTSIDE the entrance... it's huge, 8 toilets cause, well... if you eat like me...... . . ==============. YAY, THE FOODS. ==============. . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=h0ab-sdiexycfQL4AnHptg&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA. . ~ FLANK STEAK - This was the best thing here. Juicy, tender, flavorful deliciousness. (5/5). . ~ BACON - It's awesome bacon, 'nuff said. (5/5). . ~ BEEF RAVIOLI w/MUSHROOM CREAM SAUCE - Absolutely delicious. The sauce, the ravioli... tasted strikingly similar to Stroganoff. (5/5). . ~ CHICKEN & SUNDRIED TOMATOES w/BASIL VINAIGRETTE -  It was heavenly. A nice medley of flavors. (5/5). . ~ TURKEY SLIDERS - More of a 4.5 but still really good. Make sure you add the lettuce, onions and condiments, but yeah the slice of turkey breast is delicious. (5/5). . . ~ BEEF SLIDERS - They were pretty good. Not BACHANNAL level like @ Ceasars but really good nontheless. (4/5). . ~ SPARE RIBS - These were really good. Chef cuts them per request. (4/5). . ~ SMOKED TROUT - Tasted pretty good. It was very similar to LOX. Salty tastiness. (4/5). . ~ PESTO MASHED POTATOES - They were green pesto riddled mashed potatoes. Never hear / seen em before... ingenious idea. Tasty without butter or gravy. (4/5). . ~ SPICY TUNA HANDROLL - It was really good. Surprisingly so. (4/5). . ~ CA ROLL - Pretty solid. It's really a four but it's hard to rate ANY basic CA Roll that high. (3/5). . ~ CALAMARI & TOMATO SHALLOTS - Looked appealing... looks can deceive. Wasn't that great. (2/5). . ~ SHRIMP & PESTO PIZZA - This was horrible. Nothing and I mean NOTHING redeeming about it.. . -----------------. DESSERTS. -----------------. . ~ CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES - They were okay. (3/5). . ~ WHITE CHIP MACADAMIA NUT COOKIES - Subpar. (2/5). . ~ FUDGE BROWNIE - Nothing special. (2/5). . ~ CHEESECAKE - Below average. Not that sweet. (2/5). . ~ NAPOLEON - It was horrible. Tasteless. (1/5). . . ===============. FINAL THOUGHTS. ===============. . So all in all it's a pretty good buffet. There were no crab legs for lunch... the desserts I sampled were terrible. However MOST of the food was above average and pretty good. Lunch selection was pretty small compared to BACHANNAL and WYNN buffets but it is what it is. A pretty good deal for $19.99.
The Bellagio is like an A-List rapper: everything it does it does big and the buffet is no exception. After visiting about 10 buffets in Vegas, I finally ponied up the money to visit the Bellagio.. . Despite a seemingly endless line, I waited for the best buffet sin city had to offer. I visited during the late breakfast hour and was pleased to find some lunch foods including salad which is my favorite and I'm not sure why. They also had some pad thai, breakfast tacos, eggs benedict, omelette stations (that's right, multiple omelettes) and more.. . Their breakfast meats were impressive. Seriously. They will make you blush. Not just the sausage either. Even the ham chunks were impressive. And the price wasn't bad either. I think it was $21 or so after tip.. . Bonus: $10 all you can drink after buying the buffet. But they prefer that you only stay for two hours. That's about $30 per person, but if you really want to get drunk this might be your place. After all, a bucket of beer is $25 even at the middle of the road hotels.
I should just cut and paste my review of the Wicked spoon buffet to this. Food wise, somewhat similar. People say this is the best buffet in Vegas, I beg to differ. To me, it's like any other newer, big budget casino buffet. Food is fresh, place was clean, it's what to expect from a restaurant of a high-end hotel.
The Bellagio buffet is one of my favorites on the strip....I can always find great foods as a vegetarian there.  It's one of the only buffets we've been to in Vegas where I'm not just eating odds and ends.....they have awesome tasting vegetarian foods.  Service was  bit flakey the last time....I think they were having a shift change as we started with one waitress and ended with another.  Will eat here again though!
Whenever we stay at Bellagio we succumb to the buffet.  Lately it has been the law of diminishing returns since we both eat less than we used to and the idea of overstuffing and trying to do anything Vegas isn't appealing as it was five year ago.  But the quality of this Buffett keeps us coming back usually for Brunch.  . . The prime rib is money, skip the "champagne" component as it's not "champagne" but pretty cheap sparkling wine, not worth the extra money; instead save room for another helping of the succulent shrimp, one of the well made deserts, or another helping of well prepared Pad Thai.
just ok~~~~~~~~~~
I visited for breakfast and was really happy with the selection and quality.   Pancakes were cooked right on the grill in front of you, eggs Benedict, oatmeal bar, super tasty bacon, huge selection of bread and fresh fruit, breakfast pizza... You name it, they had it! At 18 bucks a person, this was a steal and kept us full until dinner. (Oatmeal and coffee had cost 20 bucks at Starbucks the day before, to put things in perspective). Unlimited juice and coffee! The service was a big cranky, but I noticed the two tables next to us didn't tip at all so maybe the waitress isn't used to being rewarded for doing a good job. Try the strawberry sauce... Mmm!!
Let's be honest here, there's one big reason to go to this place. The Alaskan King Crab legs. Pre-split in half for you, plus the drawn butter, and you'll be in crab heaven. Big hint, if you plan to eat here, go for an early dinner and prepare for a 30 minute wait. if you go at 6 or after, plan to wait a long time for your dinner. It would be better to go here if you had a way to bypass the general admit line.. . If you're not looking to eat a lot of crab legs, you can skip it for a normal meal.. . 4 stars for the crab legs and decent selection of food. There's even sushi/raw fish items.
Breakfast Buffet is good but I don't like American food.. nice hotel and beautiful room .This hotel the best in my life.. ( my room 35059 ) 6/17/13
DELICIOUS!. . Although the prices are always outrageous, we always make a point to come here every time we're in town. The variety is always great, and there's always just that one ingredient that's out of the ordinary that you never would have tried in a different setting. I love that they offer bonne maman jams for the breads for breakfast, and bonne maman honey if you request tea. It's the details that count. . . The waiters and waitresses are always nice, and make an effort to keep your table as clear of plates as possible. They also try to refill your drinks even if it's still almost full! However, their servers (especially those that carve meat) aren't so nice.They always have a grumpy face going on. IDK why, but it makes me want to avoid those areas. . . Their creme brulee is yummy, and their tea presentation is just so cute. The variety of desserts isn't huge, but what's there is quality. Bellagio... keeping up their good name by keeping their buffet great.
Came here after the buffet at the Cosmo... probably a bad idea since the Cosmo one is mind blowing, but this one was still really good. The line wasn't too bad, took maybe a half hour to 45 mins to get in. We came here for lunch, a late lunch, our plan was to get in at the breakfast/brunch price and stay for dinner. It worked! We were there about an hour before dinner started. Luckily we ate slow and made room for some of the dinner dishes, like crab.
I had eaten at this buffet despite having stayed at the Venetian, as the Venetian offers no buffet.. . I don't know how the price of this buffet compares to many others, but I had eaten at the Wynn Buffet the night before, and there was an eight dollar price difference (Bellagio=$31.99/Wynn=$39.99). Both were great buffets, but the Bellagio, in my opinion, had more advantages.. . I'd have to say that the Bellagio buffet was definitely better in every aspect with the exception of desert. While the Bellagio definitely had some tasty deserts, in my opinion, the Wynn buffet had options like creme brulee, while the Bellagio had a flan instead. This pretty much paints the picture for both in terms of sweets; however, as I mentioned before, the Bellagio was definitely the better of the two.. . Starting with protein, I loved the meats the Bellagio offered. If I remember correctly, there was prime rib, kobe beef, steak, roast turkey, and more. While the steak was to die for, the kobe beef was more of a disappointment. The prime rib was pretty typical for a Las Vegas buffet, and I had not tried the turkey.. . The seafood at the Bellagio was definitely superior to the Wynn. The cocktail shrimp were big enough to fit a mouthful, and there had not only been one option of crabs, but two! All you can eat snow crab was good enough, but when I found the Alaskan King Crab, I was in heaven. Unfortunately, they had been served cold; but realistically it must be to accommodate their many customers. There was also sushi with actual raw fish! However, I did question the quality of the sashimi, as Nevada is landlocked, and the fish definitely tasted like it had been frozen. At least they had this option, as the Wynn had not served raw fish.. . In terms of the food in general, I definitely recommend the Bellagio. There are a few thing you have to know before going. After 5:30 PM, the line for the buffet becomes ridiculously long. I was fortunate enough to have been told this before going. I had arrived at the entrance of the buffet at around 5:00 PM, and had to wait only 5 min.! Keep this in mind when contemplating when to go, because going early is definitely a perk.
Unfortunately since my last review I have to say the quality has gone down just a teeny tiny bit. I was very surprised to take a piece of white grilled fish and find that it was a dried up little piece of cardboard. Also the past couple of times I have gone they no longer serve the mozzarella pesto salad or the sliders. They are doing a custom taco bar during dinner time now but I didn't get the chance to try it. The turkey is moist but almost a little too moist...it has the flavor of being slightly undercooked. Ew. I was also disappointed by how tough the kobe beef at the meat cutting station was. My butter knife was almost insufficient in cutting it. :|. . Other than the items I mentioned everything else was still delicious as ever. They even added a new dessert which is now officially my favorite dessert. It is a tiny little waffle cone glazed on the inside with dark chocolate, filled with chocolate mousse and raspberries and topped with little dark chocolate crunchy pearls. They are so good that I usually don't even bother getting anything else except a chocolate covered strawberry or two. :). . Beware: the crab leg stations have become so popular that I had to wait in line for 10 minutes just to get some but that's probably because they were changing over from lunch to dinner and were cleaning out one of the stations at the time. It was totally worth it though. Mmm crab meat swimming in melted butter.. . We will still keep coming back to The Buffet whenever we are in Vegas because the price is really reasonable for what you get regardless of a few issues I've had recently. I just wish they would realize that they are starting to have competition for the "best buffet on the strip" and step it up a little!
We got in line like at 3 pm, it was a Saturday and it was busy. I paid $30 per . person not bad,its the Bellagio! There its variety of different kinds of foods. First you will find all Italian food obviously, all kinds of pasta. . Second you will find few items of American food,and third you'll find some Chinese food and japanese food. I opted for American and Japanese food. Baby Ribs with mashed potatoes and some veggies were delicious to start. Then i went to the Sushi section,i took a few california rolls and sea weed salad.. . Dessert was fabulous...i didn't know where to start.Too many choices to pick from.. There was cheese cake,chocolate cake,brownies,some italian breads,ice cream,. cookies.. . I truly recommend this place if you want to try some different cuisines at the same time.
Stellar buffet. I hear it's only second to Bacchanal, but I honestly don't know where they could have improved. Line was relatively quick, price was the same as the Carnival buffet at the Rio (~$32 per person for dinner on a weeknight).. . Stand out items here:. Prime rib, as rare as they'll let you have it, freakin amazing!.  the pesto mashed potatoes. Kobe beef- but its difficult to cut with the butter knife you're provided with, as others have said. The caramelized onions, on absolutely anything or by themselves. Tuna and salmon sashimi with the seaweed salad. Creamed spinach (definitely a surprise) . potato soup- it's like delicious velvet!. Chocolate dome dessert. . The only cuisine I did not see represented here was middle eastern/persian- how hard would it be to put out some pita bread and hummus, kalamata olives, and maybe some kabobs or a schwarma dish? I'd love to see what they could do with that type of food.. . I saw foods mentioned in other reviews that I did not find during my visit, such as caviar and chilean sea bass, that I would be interested in trying. Buffets aren't really my thing, but with comp cards or local ID it's relatively affordable here, and definitely worthwhile. Don't pass it up if you get the opportunity!
We went there on July 2nd at 1100am for lunch, but actually for brunch. We just waited 5 min in the line. It costs $22 / person. Fabulous buffet with great choices. Started with French toast and omelette, then main dishes. You can sample some food. The best food was the Sirloin beef, very tender and cooked well. Skipped the pizza. OK, there are not many international food as you would expect but overall, this is worth the money.
$21 lunch buffet? I'm downnn! The food was really good here. I remember my favorite plate consisted of prime rib, mashed potatoes and they even had pesto mashed potatoes which was amazing! . . I'd definitely recommend this buffet and I'll for sure be back next time I'm in sin city!
Great place to get food for a big day in Vegas! I like the service and food. Recommended to go at least once when you visit Vegas!
It's a Fancy Buffet - Lots of fancy items to choose from and it's all presented well. Went for the lunch - wait was minimal but it was busy. We decided we wanted to try Everything. And we tried - teaspoons of this and that... I think we got through most of it and we were pretty stuffed at the end.. . Overall, it was just another buffet, presented nicely. Nothing spectacular or anything here that I would make a special trip here for if I were in Vegas. It was good, it was worth the money and it was big as all things go in Vegas, but it didn't taste like I'd expect food from a 5-star resort to taste. Fun experience and glad to say I've been.
Their Rosemary Prime Rib is the best I've ever had! Also, comparatively, a great selection of seafood if that's your thing.
I have to give this place a good rating. It's higher end type of food, but not everything was super amazing. It's not like I couldn't get the same kind of food/quality elsewhere, but there was so much variety, plus an amazing dessert area that it still deserves four stars in my book. . . Anyway, the set price comes with a beverage, so our group got unlimited OJ and they were quick with refilling glasses. Probably hoping the guests would get fuller faster! I focused mainly on shrimp cocktail, mashed potatoes, some pasta dishes, breakfast foods like sausages and eggs, but then I got full quickly. My family had more seafood, like crab legs, which is what I think a lot of people focus on here. If I had room, I would have had a hearty salad, some deli meats/sandwich, tried more of the "ethnic" cuisine. . . My favorite part was the desserts though- very big chocolate covered strawberries. Eclairs. A tiramisu dessert. I wanted more, and it's hard to eat everything in one sitting. But no one rushes you out, you can linger and enjoy your meal.
Prime rib was the bomb. Sushi looked awful, too scary looking to try. Deserts were awesome.
One of the better buffets in Vegas. It gets pretty pricey though, but it's the Bellagio - no surprises there.. . Food items that stood out:. . - cream of mushroom soup. - lamb osso bucco with creamy polenta (BOMB!). - seafood paella. - 4 cheese pasta (or was it 3? 5?). - actually all their pastas. - pesto potato mash. - KING CRAB LEGS WITH BUTTER. - SHRIMP COCKTAIL. - panna cotta with strawberry puree (SO GOOD). . Just try very little bits of everything... and when you figure out what you like, pile up! (But you'll probably already be full)
I'm not complaining about the price because I knew in advance that it was $40 per person (price as of this past Saturday night).. . So much food to choose from!!! . . The meat is delicious: prime rib, beef wellington, LAMB CHOPS, pork belly, and on.... . Crab legs, prawns, sushi, caviar, cerviche, I couldn't get through all the seafood options.. . Salads, asparagus, cheeses, cured meats, soups, olive breads, there was no way I could get to it all.. . So many desserts: amazing cheesecake, macrons, lemon meringue, chocolate desserts, ice creams, bread pudding, fruit, etc.. . So much food and all of it good. Some of the servers were great and friendly (especially the guy chopping up the medium rare beef and pork belly) though one woman seating us rolled her eyes when my friend asked if we could wipe down the table because it had food on it. Another guy, serving the beef wellington, was really grouchy and was yelling at one of his co workers rather than letting anyone have any of his dish. I had to yell "excuse me" about 5 times to get his attention. The guy dishing out the caviar was also rude because I didn't know the names of the different kinds. "Can I please try the black caviar?" I asked. His terse answer: "UH, It's called American caviar!" I've never had caviar before and had no idea, ha ha!. . Overall, a good time and good food. I was stuffed and can't eat like this all the time, so it was a treat!
Price is around $40/ person for dinner on weekends. Comparable quality to Wynn's. More choices here than the Wynn. . . *Prime rib is on point! Marbling with the right amount of fat. . *Flank steak was so flavorful!. *Scalloped potatoes complimented the prime rib & flank steak perfectly. - Kobe beef was just whatever, sliced too thinly and tastes like roast beef. Skip it! . - Sushi was whatever too. i tried a bit of their poke and it tasted like salmon mixed with siracha. . . A good amount of choices for desserts too. . . For nutella lovers, try the white chocolate nutella cone!. Chocolate covered strawberries were good too because the strawberries were sweet.
This is probably my favorite buffet I've been to on The Strip. The buffet is one of the simpler looking buffets compared to the other buffets of it's caliber in the area. It's also the cheaper option for the quality of food you get (imo), w/ lunch priced at $22 and dinner at around $37 (both + tax) on the weekdays. And heads up this is a review of their weekday menu, not their weekend (which I understand comes with more items and a higher price).. . The service is good. The variety is standard. That is, they have salad, sushi, cold bar, prime rib, chicken, turkey, a semblance of chinese food, pizza, pasta, seafood, dessert, etc. If you're looking for something totally out there and exotic your'e not going to find it at this buffet (and I don't why you'd look at buffets for that type of stuff anyways). If you want more variety buffets such as the Bacchanal at Caesars will be for you. However, the reason why they're my favorite buffet is because of the food. . . The Good: . 1.) The prime rib here is the best between Bacchanal, Wynn, and Bellagio. They're smaller, but from what I've seen and eaten the prime rib is better seasoned and cooked better than the other buffets. . 2.) Lamb lollipops. The first 2 batches were really good with the proper medium rare available, but alas as time went on they overcooked it consistently.. 3.) The sea bass, which was tender and had decent flavor. . 4.) Smoked salmon is offered both lunch and dinner. 5.) There were split King Crab legs on a weekday dinner. Score!. . The Whatever/Bad:. Sushi was whatever to bad (per-the-usual) Turkey was going on dry, but okay, the rotisserie chicken was decent, and dessert was also decent, but mostly whatever. I mostly avoid the Chinese line (at all the buffets there) and you need to check to make sure the piece of fish you are grabbing is overcooked or not. My method, poke it with the tongs. If it flakes easily than take it, if it is solid, its overcooked.. . In short, the Bellagio may not have the most varied, exotic selection, or the prettiest decor, but they make food that I want to eat and do enough of it well that I'd want to come back. That and the price is pretty affordable to cheap if you're looking for a good upscale buffet to eat at.
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas, aside from the Wynn.  The decor is nice, and the food is even better.  Their desserts are ridiculously good, but don't expect a big dessert selection during breakfast.  The best time to go is around 10:30, right before they bring out the lunch items.  Be aware though that if you're there during a holiday weekend, prices will be higher than usual.  However, the Bellagio makes sure you get your money's worth.  The last holiday weekend we were there they offered beef wellington, 4 different kinds of macarons, lamb, and way too many other things to name.  You won't get this quality of food anywhere on the strip for this price!
Oh wow the Bellagio Buffet, come to mama!  We went just last week and for about $38 we certainly got our money's worth.  The buffet is definitely the best way to get the most food for your money.. . I immediately followed my #1 buffet rule:  avoid the carbs, they are fill-you-up traps!  So I loaded up on sushi, sashimi, nigiri, and crab legs (both Alaskan King and Snow) mmmmm.  I also tried their baked wahoo and grilled salmon.  Great seafood selection.  yum yum yum.  They also have beef, chicken, and pork selections but I stuck with the seafood.  Unlike other buffets, I saw the sushi being made right then and there so you know it's good a fresh.. . Each meat has its own section, which makes it easier to find what you are looking forward.  For dessert, there was a fantastic selection of cheesecake, tarts, cookies, and cakes. There was also a decent selection of sugar-free desserts too for anyone who is diabetic.  That was a nice touch.
Yummmmmmmmm.This buffet is one of the best in Las Vegas. There is such a selection, you can find salads, excellent prime rib, soups, pasta, crab legs, excellent everything. My only complaint is that they are so busy that often it takes a long time for the tables to be cleaned off. There is a long wait often unless you have an M life card that moves you to the front of the line.
I Love this Buffet! As another review stated this is as super clean and classy as a buffet can get!. We went on Easter and at $50 a plate I can say we got our money's worth!. Can't wait to go again!!
For a buffet, this delighted.. . We didn't stand in line too long. We paid $41/pop. We tried our fill of apps, entrees, desserts, and etc. Dessert first! You'd think it'd be terrible, as it is at most buffets,  but the carrot cake was surprisingly delicious and moist. The brownie was also surprisingly good. And the entrees.. The meats...how can you go and not try them? They were okay to good. They had prime rib, rack of lamb, wagyu beef.. Good but no stars. The lobster mac n cheese was satisfying albeit a bit runny. . . In sum, if you come in with the right expectations, you will be satisfied. We were hungry, we couldn't get into any of the fancy restaurants nearby (they were all booked over the july 4th weekend), and did I mention we were hungry?
I much prefer the breakfast buffet over the dinner.  The dinner was super expensive and super crowded.
The Buffet at Bellagio is superb. Is it overpriced? Without question, but it's Vegas. Treat yourself. The shrimp are as big as I've seen and there is a mountain of them awaiting you. The carving station lives up to expectation as well. Delicious meats slow roasted over an open flame. Dessert is also not to be missed. A wide selection of everything you can think of including the best macadamia nut cookie I've ever tasted. Give the Bellagio buffet a try. You'll be glad you did.. . The Buffet at Bellagio: A
Usually Vegas buffets are a gluttonous amount of mediocre food. The Buffet At Bellagio is not that. The food ranging from mussels, fresh carved turkey, pesto mash potatoes and bagel with lox will satisfy families and the hungover! Go now on an empty stomach and enjoy:)
This is our favorite buffet here. Last visit was for Labor Day they had a special brunch for $39.95. The crab legs were fresh and the salads were all delicious making this a better value for me rather than eating at a seafood restaurant. The meat was tasty but nothing  special. The best new edition is the all you can drink deal for $10 extra. Choose between Bloody Mary, mimosa, margaritas and import beers. Stick with your drink and have all you want. The margaritas were top shelf and excellent. Everyone walked away feeling they had a great meal
This buffet has an absolutely MASSIVE selection of food.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib, the pastas, and the side salad.  And of course the desserts!!!  I wasn't impressed with the seafood though - the sushi was very sub-par and the paella was kind of fishy tasting.  But with such a large selection of food, it's easy to try a little bit of everything and find what you like.. . Arrive in line early (before 5:30PM) because the line gets long after that.  Once you get inside it's pretty spacious and you don't really have to wait for anything.  The price is kind of expensive ($40ish) but since this was a one-time kind of outing for me, I thought it was worth it.  It was fun to finally see what the fuss is about and eat at the best buffet in Vegas!
I normally don't review buffets because they're so varied it's really hard to find something that just stands out.  I've eaten at many Vegas buffets over the years and the only ones that have ever blown my mind is Aria Buffet, Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo, MGM Grand, and Luxor (the latter two particularly because of value for their brunch buffets).. . I originally planned to go to the Caesar's buffet (Bacchanal-something) but the line for that was at least 45 minutes or more.  I was really craving a buffet with some asian selections, which you'll typically find in the more pricier buffets.  Since Bellagio was close, I took a chance and made my way over there, where the wait was only about 20 minutes.  . . Like most night time buffets, there was piles of crab legs.  What I like at the pricier places is that they precut the legs so you don't have to spend half the night cracking open legs, pulling out the meat, and praying that you didn't screw up the pull to where half the meat gets stuck in the shell.. . There's a salad bar, dessert bar, bread bar, soup bar, yadda yadda.  They also had a sushi bar and italian, american, spanish, and chinese choices.  Unfortunately, no shao mai or har gow but they had gai lan, chicken in black bean sauce with pea pods, char siu bao, fried rice, and something else I can't remember.  It was all delicious but little did I know that was the "worst" part of the meal.. . I had their pasta and O M G it was delicious!  Cheese tortellini in walnut pesto sauce, beef ravioli in cream sauce, and chicken and sundried tomato bowtie pasts....all of these were incredible!  . . Then it got even better when I went to the sushi bar because they had salmon poke and ahi poke.  For those of you that know me, I am a salmon fiend.  I LOVE SALMON.  Smoked, grilled, sushi grade raw, broiled, I'll eat it.  Even the crappy salmon they serve at cheaper buffets, I'll eat it.. . That salmon poke was AMAZING.  They used quality sushi grade salmon to make it.  That salmon was so delicious, I feel like I definitely got my money's worth. . . The desserts were delicious as well...I had their tiramisu and cheesecakes.  I was shocked to see ice cream machines instead of gelato stations like other contemporary buffets.  Negative points to that.. . Also, this buffet wasn't very vegan friendly....unfortunately I can't take the Vegan GF here because all she could eat is the build your own salad, lentil soup, the chinese broccoli, and maybe some sushi rolls.  Wicked Spoon was far vegan friendlier.  However, the italian food and the salmon poke just made this place amazing for me.. . The dinner buffet during the week is $35.   -1 star because even though the italian and seafood dishes are superb, the rest of the fare is hit or miss.
I had been looking forward to trying this buffet after reading and hearing so many good things about it. We tried to go around 830pm on a Monday and the line was *massive* so we decided to try again the next day. We ended up going around 6 on Tuesday and had no wait. It came to around 70 bucks for the 2 of us.There was a pretty nice selection of food. The only stand outs for me were the pesto mashed potatoes and some cheese that had some kind of fruit in it. The prime rib was pretty decent but the Kobe beef roast was horrendous. It was tough as leather. They had some smoked fish selections that were pretty good. The desert selections were awesome. I went ahead and paid the extra 10 bucks for the all you can drink champagne. Our waitress was very attentive and my glass was promptly refilled. Overall it was pretty good at least I can cross it off my list of places I wanted to try. I would probably eat here again,  Would like to try their weekend gourmet selection someday.
Starting off, I went on a sunday over Mexican Independence weekend. Their menu was altered for this event. I waited in line for about 20 minutes, not too bad. Compared to Bacchanal that was well over an hour. . . The food tasted pretty good and fresh. There was still plenty of variety in foods. My sushi was pushing my French toast off the plate. . . The only downside was that there is only one toilet in the men's restroom. And there was a long line for it. Who decided to only put one toilet at a buffet??. . I would go back as an alternative to Bacchanal
Pretty expensive, $70 for two people!! Came here with my gf and her friends before we head back to beautiful Los Angeles CA....good was good. Had everything I could possibly fit in a plate (aka a heart attack)...really good food! I loved the shrimp!! 4 stars because I felt it was ridiculous how much it was for one person.
We definitely picked the right buffet.  Awesome selection of food, most of which was top notch.  Had great steak, salmon, mashed potatoes, and even eggs and bacon.  Star of the show was the dessert.  I sampled Cheesecake, Tiramisu, Carrot Cake, chocolate eclair and bread pudding.  Wanted to try the pecan pie but was too full!  Hooray Bellagio
Fat kids at heart unite at this buffet. Where else can you have eggs benedict, pizza and Chinese food all in one sitting? Why here of course! Add in the bottomless Mimosas on Saturday and you've got yourself one gluttonous meal. I ate myself silly here and enjoyed every bite. Believe it or not, their pizza is amazing. Give it a try! This is a plentiful meal with unlimited food options and you can easily eat yourself into a food coma. If you are looking for a fatty meal in Vegas, this is your spot.
I hate buffets. I almost never I try a buffet that is even remotely passable in terms of quality, taste and preparation. The Buffet at the Bellagio is one of those exceptions; in fact it by far surpasses any buffet I have ever found. . . Here you will find a huge selection of food, anything from beef, pork, lamb, seafood and even vegetarian. Everything I sampled would rival entrees from most any sit down restaurant you will find. For me the highlight was the Alaskan King Crab legs, they were perfectly cooked, large, meaty and pre-split. It's rare that I find crab of this quality. I find the prime rib equally prepared, cooked to a perfectly medium rare. The various pork and chicken dishes were excellent. Of the vegetable sides I sampled the mashed potatoes (real potatoes), green beans, corn, salad, etc., all were delicious. Of the few breads I sampled were also very good. In short this was a buffet that really was one of the best meals I had had in quite a while, I left satisfied and overstuffed. . . Now the bad, at just under $40 it's quite expensive. It's also a good idea to try and arrive just about opening, the lines can get quite long. Given the quality and variety of food it really isn't a bad deal in my view. Just make sure you're hungry when you go. For a buffet The Buffet it's as good as it gets.
The Buffet at Bellagio  was good and worth the lunch price of $21.00. Most buffets offer the same types of foods and desserts with a few new ones added or just on special occasions. Most of the selections at the Bellagio Buffet are unique. The pastas, pizza, meats and desserts were very good and could not be found in any other buffets.
Decent price for a buffet in Vegas.  The line was not more than 30 minutes on a Thursday night.  The food was decent.  There was nothing incredibly delicious.  The server was attentive and cheerful.  . . Good place to get your fat kid on.  There's a suggested 2 hour limit on your feasting though.
You are guaranteed to leave this place with a food baby/in a food coma. I mean there are seriously so many options from breakfast to pizza to pasta to sushi to fresh salads and meat. The crab legs are huge but they are freezing cold and cut in half which is sorta weird. They were a let down. During the week you can get bottomless champagne, beer or margs for $10 extra which is way worth it. they also were lacking in dessert options but i hadnt left much room for dessert anyway LOL
We went here last trip and we weren't impressed.  We went back this time and found the food was better than last time.  They had a great variety of choices, fresh fruits and salads.  We were seated quickly.  I would recommend the buffet here.
Great King Crab!. . We wanted some good King Crab legs and searched online resources for reviews.  We ended up coming to The Buffet at Bellagio.  Cost was about $40 each (weekend rate for Gourmet Buffet).  The crab was great!  Ate so much of it, we didn't sample much of the other food.  If you're looking for great King Crab - try The Buffet.
We stayed next door to the Bellagio and decided to try out their buffet after a long Internet search on "who has the best buffer in Vegas". Our wait in line was bearable, but you can definitely find yourself in a long line, especially for breakfast and dinner times. This is supposed to be the best buffet in Vegas. I can say that the food quality is top notch and you don't feel ripped off after paying 50 or so dollars per person. it offers a massive and wide array of food options...it's like you died and went to Vegas food heaven. Good food and experience!
My wife, children and myself went here last July on a Sunday for lunch which ended us being Sunday Brunch. We waited in line an hour to pay and when we got to the register the cost was more then their online advertised price on the website. We asked for management and they were reluctant to give a price adjustment but in the end they gave us an offer that made up for the difficulty. I will say they have an online advertised price of 20.99 for lunch "daily" it's not daily, it's only Mon-Fri. The online advertised price for weekend brunch is $27.99 and the price at the register is $31.99. We came at 1pm. We were hoping for more of a lunch but there was more of a breakfast- brunch variety. There were at least 4 eggs, bacon and sausage stations which I thought was a bit much... There were two omelette stations which were good, and there was a carving station with turkey and prime rib. The prime rib was very rare, the turkey was delicious. It was difficult to find someone to carve as the only person in the area was manning the omelets. There was no powdered sugar for the French toast the whole time we were there the bowl remained empty... But the French toast was good without it and the syrup was nice and warm.  If you like sushi or Asian food there was a nice selection of fresh rolls and such... The desserts were beautifully presented and tasted delicious. Overall it is one of the better buffets, next time we come to Vegas we will do the dinner buffet as we really didn't want breakfast at 1pm.
The food was ok, I really enjoyed the selection of salad. The dessert however was really really good. There was a really large variety and everything came in cute bite sized portions. I really enjoyed the cheesecake and the mousse.
And what to complain? Its the third best buffet in Vegas so I expect a lot, but never I would have thought that their selection is that HUGE!!! They offer a great selection, from salmon tartar, Japanese food, Pasta, Seafood---hmm,, ill rethink, a cold snowcarb but no king crab? Service is okay, decor is a bit outdated but buffet is recommended!
Mussels, sea bass, sashimi are really good. Unfortunately, the dessert is really a disaster. I made a mistake by going during holiday season. The line was 3 hrs and we went for lunch then ended up in dinner. The price was high, 48+tax, overpriced.
Holiday buffets are now nearly $50, and the value proposition is starting to lose its glitter.  I also detect a slight cheapening, and a willingness to substitute for even the premium items listed on the promotion-board outside the restaurant (for example, the promised Peking Duck was changed to a forgetable grilled duck breast).
