I really like this club. The music is good, venue is nice (like XS because they are sister clubs but instead of a pool there is a huge water structure). It is smaller than XS though. . . The crowd is typically older but I think it is more diverse.
Tryst is a mini version of XS but with the pool area replaces by a waterfall.. . Came on a Saturday night and the line wasn't too long. Beautiful club, great music. Highly recommended.
Not a big fan of the overall music. It was too trance/techno mix for me...not enough club "bump." However, I really liked our private table overlooking the waterfall...and great service.
The layout of Tryst is really nice, with the waterfall being the main center piece. I also felt the crowd here was a bit older, but it was still a blast. The crowd is really diverse and decent looking, and the decor/theme slightly reminds me of XS, which makes sense since it's located in the sister hotel.
Last week-end was my 1st time at Tryst, and having been to its sister-club XS several time, it was a tough act to follow.. . PROS:. *My girls & I got hooked up - free entry & 2 drinks each. *BEAUTIFUL waterfall behind the DJ (unfortunately it was blocked off from the crowd, but sometimes they allow people in that area). *No long wait to get in & good DJ (mash up of top 40s and electro). . NEGS:. *Not many young people (20's) & not many tall people. I am 5'7 (5'10 in heels) and I was towering over the majority of the crowd.. . I recommend this place for a night of dancing but it is not a good place to meet a hottie..just saying..go to XS for that
I like Tryst...in fact, I think I like it more than XS. I liked it because it was not as crowded and I liked the beautiful waterfall. The music was great to dance to too. . We went during the Valentine's weekend and us girls got in for free (guys paid $20cover) and we each got 2 free drink tickets! Our promoter was supercool too!
Came here on President's Day Weekend, guestlist got my girlfriends and me in for free, a free drink each, and boyfriend in for $20, no wait. Place was packed, but not too packed.. if that makes sense. The waterfall is amazing (boyfriend thought it was a really cool facade but.. no honey it's real) and we got to dance under it in the rain :). . HOWEVER, I didn't like half the music the DJ played, the drinks were pricer than NYC clubs, and like other people said, no eye candy in sight. I mean except for boyfriend of course ;]
Good thing Tryst is really close to XS. So when I'm done and over with Tryst I can trot over to XS and vice versa =). . . The waterfall is beautiful. . The bartenders are nice but please make the drinks stronger, Thanks!. Security can be pushy, but only for your good. . The staff is attentive too, always making their way tables and preparing drinks. . The guestlist line is fast.. The music is good enough to dance too. Except for this past weekend, where the songs on repeat or something?!? . But Oh Mannnn, what a tiny dance floor. . . Overall, I like Tryst!
Beautiful club. The waterfall is gorgeous! I wish it would have been warmer so we could have hung out on the patio area.. . We went on a Friday night and had free cover and drinks because we supposedly knew some promoter. Ladies- you should never pay cover in Vegas, ever. Make a friend so you don't have to wait in lines or pay stupid entrance fees.  By the time we got there, it was packed. The DJ was great, mainly house music. Had a blast!. . A lot of creepers here though girls. Expect shameless guys to swarm you if you part of a group.
Tryst is such a beautiful club with the decor and waterfall + lightings. Had a lot of fun here with a table by the dance floor... Sadly, I just don't know when I will ever be back here with places like XS, Surrender, and Marquee having first priority now when I go to Vegas. :/. . Bring in celebs like Drake more often, and then I will be back!
The Wynn does everything at the highest level. . . This is my second favorite club in Vegas behind XS. The layout of the club is amazing. The waterfall is the centerpiece of the club and makes for an excellent backdrop to your night of drinking and dancing. The outside area is perfect for grabbing some fresh air or enjoying a summer night. . .  We came here for a friend's birthday and the bottle service was exceptional. Our hostess made sure that our group had everything we wanted throughout the night. The service is definitely worth the price, especially if everyone in your group is drinking and you don't have to ever wait for a drink at the bar. . . Tryst is yet another example of how the Wynn can do no wrong.
Tryst is a beautiful club and it would have gotten 5 stars if XS didn't exist.  . . Ambiance and Layout:  The waterfall and pool right behind the dj really make you feel like you are in an oasis in the dry desert city of Las Vegas.  The layout is pretty much the same as XS.  Circular dance floor with a wide open window leading out the the pool.  Flanking both sides of the dj are the tables and patio area.  The white tents and couches really make this place feel clean.  The overall size of the club is not that big, but somehow I missed a friend who was hanging on the other side of the waterfall from me.  Darn.  Craigslist: missed connections.. . Getting in:  We met with a promoter and had someone walk our group into the club for a fee of course.  But given that we had four guys and had no wait, it was a good deal.. . Drinks:  Expensive, shots were about $15 each.  Nothing new.. . Music:  The music was really good that night.  There was a little bit of everything and it never got boring.  However we spent most of the time on the patio hanging with a bachelor party.  That saves the girls $ on drinks.  Used the guys for the drinks... a sad but true fact.. . Great club, beautiful and definitely a fun night.  If you don't compare it to XS (and now Marquee) you won't be let down.  Wouldn't mind coming here at all, if XS is being annoying.  Just don't expect to dip your feet in the pool though.
Got in on VIP list via a friend of a friend (it's good to have connections!!) ... thank goodness because that meant that my clan & I didn't have to wait in that SUPER LONG line!!  Taboo, from the Blackeyed Peas, was there and my friend got him on video with her Blackberry.  So that was cool!. . I love the pool and waterfall ... beautiful, just like the club.  Wasn't too crowded when we arrived, but by 2 a.m., you could hardly walk through the place.
I really enjoyed this place, although my wallet did not. . . Got in for free thanks to the ladies in our party, and from there we went straight to the bar. The club looks a lot like a smaller version of XS. It had lounges, bars, dancefloor with girls dancing on platforms, and a huge waterfall with images projected onto it in the background. NICE! . . Onto the drinks. The bars are relatively small, with only 1 girl working at a time at each one. This makes for long waits and huge crowds in that area. My advice would be to order everything at once to avoid getting back in the 10 to 20 minute line over and over again. The drinks were very, very pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. . . Dance floor was packed with the usual pretty girls and angry guidos, mostly in their late 20's. The music was pretty good. Wait, scratch that, I don't remember what kind of music they played. . . The thing I remember the most about this dance floor, though, were the CLEVER DRINK WOMEN. AGHHHH!!!! This was definitely my downfall at Tryst. Unlike XS, Pure, or Tao, Tryst has these girls walking all around the dance floor with shots for sale. At first we bought one just to save ourselves a trip to the bar... but then, the girl came back and offered me another. My smart friends declined as it was a little pricey and not very strong, but I took another...then one more, until Clever Drink Woman were able to identify me amongst the crowd and from then on cut her way through the crowd to come over to me and offer me more! AGHHH! After CDW hunted me down a couple more times, I told her "no, I don't want anymore of what you have. I'm just drinking tequila now." When she went away, I thought I was safe for good, but then she came back with a shot of tequila! NOOOO! Anyway, that's how I spent all of my money that night and how I got as plastered as I did. THANKS, CDW. . . The moral of this long tangent is that you must remember to run away or be adamant about your decision to stop drinking if you purchase drinks from the CDWs. They are quite aggressive in the way they offer the drinks (or maybe I just remember it that way) so resist their charming smiles and delicious drinks for the sake of your wallet and liver!. . Anyway, my friends and I had a great time here from what I remember. Have fun at Tryst, kiddies.
My club of choice in Vegas (so far...)! My date & I arrived around 10 and the line was short. We didn't pay cover but the guys were $30. The drinks we ordered were fairly strong, there were beautiful people everywhere...definitely the place to see & be seen. The music was a good mix of dance/pop/rap etc. typical club music. More of a lounge than a dance club or at least that was the vibe. It would have been better to come in a larger sized group, get a table & a few bottles
Located at the Wynn Hotel, Tryst is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Came here on a Thursday and it was still poppin. There was still a line, but we didn't have to wait a long time at all.. . Decor:. Modern, chic. One main dance floor adjacent to the outdoor area, which has an awesome waterfall and lake area, which you can see in the pictures. There are table inside and outside and separate areas for just tables/bottle service.. . Music:. DJs spin a mixture of house and hip-hop, which makes for a good night.. . Crowd:. Mid- and Late-twenties crowd. Many attractive people. . . Dress code:. Dress to impress.
Tryst is a pretty club. We went for a whirlwind trip for a friend of a friends birthday and this is the spot she picked. VIP area is very nice. There's a variety and booths in leather and red. One thing is candles in a club not a good idea. Someone knocked one over on me and my leg and my friends boots were covered in hot wax. Yowza ouch! Good music to dance to. The average Vegas crowd. I like the inside outside design so you get a great view of a beautiful waterfall while dancing and from the VIP section! I would go back again.
I like this place because a good portion of it is outside so it isn't as stuffy as all the clubs I've ever been to. Still don't know how it is in the summer though. The circular layout is cool too because it's hard to get stuck in a corner. You'll still get stuck in the middle of the dancefloor but at least the bouncers aren't too crazy about getting too close to the booths. The bartenders are also pretty hot. I wouldn't mind hitting this spot again.
Place is awesome, went on a Saturday, hot crowd, not overly packed.  A lot nicer than PURE.   If you're a group of guys have fun waiting in line if it's a busy night. . . Only reason was a 4star, the night we went the dj wasn't that good at mixing his jams, there would be times where I found myself standing waiting for the music to get bumpin again, but awesome night overall.
Tryst is a great place.  It's no 5 stars.  Why not?  5 stars needs to be reserved for places like XS and Marquee.. . Tryst is fun and the DJ knows how to mix.  I would prefer a little more house to the mix, but there's other clubs I could go for for that I guess.  The one thing that stands out to me about Tryst is... take a guess... THAT WATERFALL.  I came here for my 21st birthday, and I wouldn't have chosen a different place.  It is a truly beautiful place and the presentation when you walk in is absolutely breathtaking.  . . The crowd wasn't too bad... and I don't recall it getting as crowded as other places do and I came on a Friday night during Spring Break.  It was poppin, but not packed like sardines.  The crowd was good as well.  The majority were young and considerably good looking. :P  Lol!  The layout is nice... tables circled around outside.  . . Size-wise it's still small in comparison to some of the other major nightclubs.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot.  I had an even ratio of guys to girls one night.  The bouncers at the door were... kinda rude.  And almost sneered at the fact we were on a guest list.  I think it was because I came with guy friends because I haven't been out with dudes since then and I've never had to worry about mean bouncers.. . Oh, superficial Vegas nightlife you strike again.... . Eh.  Well.  Despite all that, Tryst is a great place to be.  You're going to have a good time, and it's a beautiful place.  I might recommend other places over Tryst but the potential is here to have a phenomenal night.
My favorite club in Vegas and I've been to XS, Studio 54, LAX, Rain, etc.  Why not 5 stars?  Cause even when I was staying at the Wynn, they still charged me $60 to get in!  Not even a discount for hotel guests?  . . Anyway, front row view of a waterfall straight out of Jurassic Park.  Good music, good crowd, good go-go's, yada yada yada.  Check it out!
i don't go clubbin' enough to know good clubs from bad clubs. but i do know good friends, good drinks, good music = good time! this review is mainly for the dj on friday night. he or she was on point and played all the right songs! this was the first club i've been to where the line took forever even when on the guest list. outdoor scene on the waterfall was really nice especially when you need a chill breeze from dancing on the dance floor. overall my friends and i had a great time, we'll be visiting again!
I want to give Tryst 5 stars.. . The waterfall is beautiful, its inside the Wynn which is also beautiful, but the night just wasn't AMAZING.  This was our first stop (before Surrender) and the crowd was big, the music crackin'.  . . We didn't meet too many people.  I admired the surroundings and we had fun but not lots of fun. We left after about 2 hours to have a fabulous night at Surrender.. . With that said, I am still willing to give this place another shot.
I chose Tryst as the club to celebrate my 22nd birthday for multiple reasons. As a local, I truly appreciate the accessibility of the guest list regardless if it is a busy weekend or not. In addition, the ease of the line and lack of wait time, which other major clubs on the strip cannot achieve. But what truly made my birthday experience enjoyable was the DJ present on April 29, 2011. Although half way through the night I was intoxicated, the DJ was one of the best I've ever heard. I have never been so impressed with the music being played at a club, this truly added to making the night more memorable. In fact, the day after my friends and I even chatted about how fitting the music was. I look forward to coming to Tryst for future occasions. Bravo! I hope Tryst continues to be one of the best night clubs Vegas has to offer.
We were back here on a Friday night in April and had a great time.  A quick call to the promoter I normally use for Tryst and our group of (all) ladies avoided the long lines and price of admission.  The music was pumping and we ended up at a VIP table with "new friends".  ;-P. . Tryst is always a good time for me.  The crowd was a good mix of people in their 20s, 30s, and 40s.
Small but gorgeous, intimate club.. I came here when I turned 21, so it's been a while since then. lol. . The waterfall makes this club one of the most beautiful. We got in free since the girls we were with got us on the list. VIP baby!. So get on that list if your heading there!!
More like 3.5 rather than 4, cuz I'm kinda a fan. . . First of all this place is beautiful, from when you enter till the club its lusciously set around that waterfall that seems to keep everything a lil cooler from the hot sweaty mess inside. . . But the biggest issue is when you walk in.....just an utterly clueless set of security staff who just have no clue what is going on. You ask them anything and they refer you to the endless bureaucracy you'd expect of government ministry of red tape and paper, never mind the fact that the line is stupendously long. Well....what makes me give it the 4, is probably due to the fact that we had table service and skipped that bitch ass line, and helped ourselves to frequently and waiter-ed drinks (no line at the bar from me!). But even then they were clueless on how to handle the tables, and kinda just rushed us all in (though I didn't really complain about that).. . The music was....meh....but I guess when that night at XS you could've seen Afrojack (after waiting in a mile long line), its hard to compare. And of course the dance floor was PACKED, but it was memorial day weekend. . . As for drinks, they are pricey but kind of nothing unexpected for clubs in vegas. But you can never be unhappy when a wonderful waitress brings you everything you want, after bottles and bottles of booze at the table. Also I love the fact that your table faces up to the waterfall, and the curvature of the club allows the music to still sound great, even when you're back at the table to chill.. . Tryst is definitely XS's lil cousin, and works well when you're not feeling to go and super rage! It is much smaller, and has the feel of a city club, rather than the massive expanses of club floors throughout Vegas.
Great club, more intimate than Tao. Layout, waterfall etc... very cool. Like the vibe, staff very friendly but of course they should be based on bottle service prices, tips, etc..... Will be back !
Lucky to be a girl in Vegas! . . The key to going to any club, if you're a girl that is, is to get on the guest list. Make your self seen during the day and promoters will approach you. Pool side, walking the strip, Fat Tuesday, whatever it is, be seen and look good! My girls and I were poolside at the Venetian and had at least 3 promoters come up to us. . . We decided to do Tryst the second night we were in Vegas. I've been to XS and wanted to try something new at the Wynn so I figured Tryst is it. Especially since our promoter promised us free drinks at Tryst and that sometimes can be a lie, but in this case, it wasn't! I kept in contact with my promoter and followed his instructions. We got in line. Got to the promoter's list line and got our free drink cards and we were on our way in. I saw the envious stares from girls with groups of boys with them, and I'm sorry ladies, I've been you once when I went with a group of guys. Patience. . . Tryst was a gorgeous club. Their waterfall was breathtaking. The DJ the night I went was okay. I didn't find myself grooving to the music too much, but regardless, it was fun time and girl to guy ratio was pretty even. Definitely a club worth checking out!
Oh how nice it is to be a girl in Vegas! ;). . Came here a couple months ago with my friends on our first night in Vegas. Our promoter arranged our venues for us. We probably arrived around 11:15pm (after open bar at Tao). Had to wait in a line, but it wasn't bad at all. & we even got 2 free drink tickets each! :) Major plus.. . Music was good. The venue is really nice. My eyes went straight for the waterfall, which I absolutely loved. Lots & lots of tables though compared to the dance floor. Oh, there's a lot of stairs too, so be prepared ladies! Haha. Definitely took the elevator when I left :). . Not sure if I'll be hitting up Tryst on my next visit, but I wouldn't mind it if we did.
The concierge at Monte Carlo suggested Tryst for our group of 6 for a Saturday night out. We made reservations for bottle service and showed up right as 10 pm as instructed. We got in line but were soon grabbed out of line by Steven Johnson, our VIP Services Manager and we were walked right to our table. Steven was super professional and helpful.. . In my previous Vegas bottle service experience the waitress we were given poured the drinks super stiff to get our bottle empty and get us out of that table but at Tryst this was not the case at all. Our waitress was sweet and friendly, fixed our drinks as we needed them, and then told us that we may stay at the table as long as we'd like - even after out bottle was finished. This was fabulous!. . My only complaint - If we heard the DJ play "put ur f***ing hands up!" one more time we were going to scream... it was obnoxious.
A high-class luxury nightclub with a circular dancefloor and stunning waterfall trickling from behind the DJ, located in the Wynn, Vegas. It's very similar to XS, just a smaller version of it.. . Last Sunday, rockin' the house by surprise was Flo Rida! We closed up the club with Arenbe Williams back stage. What a night!
Well, I'm not usually a huge fan of night clubs but this one isn't too bad. This seems to be the more low-key dance club whereas the other large nightclub in the Wynn, "XS," is in your face and the people seem to try too hard.. . It looks like the bouncers and door people have realized they shouldn't treat their hotel guests like slave labor. After all, we do pay their bills. Good on them for passing into the 2nd stage of customer service. After another stage or two, I'm sure the average McDonald's would consider hiring them for a drive-through position.. . I was here for 4th of July weekend, and given the insane amount of traffic there was going to be, it would have made a lot of sense to put a 2nd bartender at the bar on the far right. It was like a mosh pit trying to get a drink order taken care of. Luckily, I caught the bartender's eye and she made sure I was served straight away whenever I'd pay her a visit.
Tryst is another stunning nightclub in the LV club scene. It wasn't as packed as we were expecting when we went to line up. Although the line -was only about a half-hour to an hour wait with a heavily guy ratio, we took a deal with some dude who was offering us to pay $10 extra and skip the line entirely for all guys because our girls had a promoter hook them up to get into the club for free instantly. Some very attractive people here, and surprisingly a few cougars. Like with wrinkles cougars. What are they doing there I wonder... The bar was incredibly hectic. Each bar only has one bartender what the hell? During the wait there were some girls trying to score free drinks off us during, but no dice girlies! I had a lot of fun here! It's no XS or Marquee, but a few drinks in and they're very much the same. Bottoms upppp
Tryst is probably overshadowed a lot by the bigger, larger, and more crowded XS.. Don't get drawn to the crowds though because this place is NIIICE too!. . XS may have the pool...but Tryst has a waterfall! Waterfall trumps pool!. . This place is more loungey than a club. There's WAYYY too many tables and WAYYY too small of a dance floor!. The ambiance was nice and swanky. On warm summer nights its very refreshing to just look out at the waterfall with a cocktail in hand.. . I would highly recommend this place as a starter (if you can get in for free) or if you have a table. Otherwise, its just too small to entertain you for a whole night.
The music is good; nice mix throughout the night. The dance floor is a little small, but you can walk around outside and gaze at the awesome waterfall in the background.
What a lovely Vegas club.  I love the waterfall and the outdoor area.  Perfect area to have a drink and conversation with people and when you're ready to dance, you just go inside to the busy dance floor.  When you're tired of dancing, go back outside and the sound of the waterfall will calm and relax you.  Rinse and repeat.  This club also felt a lot more classy than the other clubs.
Been here 3 times and its been fun for all of them. The music is great, the DJs have always been on point. The layout is pretty similar to XS but the outside is much smaller, so it gets crowded quick. I wish the dance floor was bigger though.
I would say that Tryst is more of a place where you get a bottle-service and relax with some of your friends.  The dance floor is tiny, and because they let way too many people in- there is a constant crowd pushing to and from the bars and bathrooms.   But like I said, if you are comfortable at a table you can sit back and enjoy the decent music and the cool atmosphere (complete with a steaming waterfall).  You might even get to watch some drunk girl decide to plunge into the water for attention.
I think it is almost a crime that girls get in everywhere in Vegas for free with almost no wait. It's even better when there's a huge waterfall awaiting you when you walk in wowowow! The only bad thing about this venue is that the dance floor is a bit small. But whatever, that just means that everyone can get comfortable with each other in the crowd. Needs better looking people on Fridays though...but the music was really good and got me in the mood to par-tay. That didn't really matter though...I think the alcohol did the trick. The FREE alcohol that I got because I'M A LADY!!
Legit club in Vegas.  It was a friday night but it wasn't overly crowded.  We stayed for a few good hours and were burnt out.. . Lots of tools in the club though.  Eddy Hardy types.  You know what I'm talking about.
Love LOVE the waterfall but hate the large crowds. You basically have to move in herds cuz there just isn't any space here. Music is good...basically what you would hear at any of the other top clubs. The wait to get in could take awhile so get there early!
This is a excellent nightclub but be warned that it is probably one of the smaller ones in Vegas. Tryst is like a fine dining experience. You pay for the quality. Lavish decorations, a beautiful waterfall view, a more exclusive set of people and great lighting. Compared to a Tao (which has really dark lighting), Tryst has exceptional lighting. You're actually able to see who you're dancing with on the floor, without it being overly bright.. . I came here when it first opened. It was definitely a hot spot and I preferred this over Tao (a couple blocks down). The Go-Go dancers were also super friendly. They ended up taking a lot of pictures with us and security was super cool about it, since we were all chill.. . The Wynn is known for having a classy environment, so I'm not surprised that this place is up to par. In fact, when XS opened at it's sister tower Encore right across the street, it reminded me of Tryst times 10! Since they are both owned by Wynn Resorts, you'll notice a lot of similarities in design and branding. Gold is definitely one of their trademark colors.. . Although XS is currently my favorite nightclub in Vegas, this still remains one of my favorite spots to grab a drink and enjoy the nightlife.
All my friends said - one place you must visit in Vegas is Tryst. So I set out to enquire with my concierge and so glad I did because she helped put us on a ladies' guest list and we didn't spend 2 hours standing in line! . . It was definitely a little disorganized and one of my friends quite had to hustle her way in despite us being on some 'list.' But hey, when we got it, the only one star I'll refrain from rewarding is for how many people they packed in here. The drinks/bar were decently accessible, because of it being open-air, ventilation was decent, music was awesome, waterfall was fun! Plenty of seating space (yeah, for bottle service, but still). . . What I especially fell in love with was the front chambers of the lounge before entering the club! Plush velvet, odd-shaped mirrors, amazing sound system - the best part of the night was lounging and enjoying the music without having to get pushed around.
My first BIG club at Vegas. Needless to say, I felt a bit in awe of the situation I found myself in (amidst the drunkenness; maybe that was why I was awe). Once you walk in the club, a giant waterfall greets you as you try to dance your way to it. That was pretty impressive (to me, at least). Apparently, after reading some of the reviews for this place, you could actually go outside? I guess I never got that far, as I was pretty shmammered dancing around the rest of the night. I'm really not a fan of clubs, but this was a pretty cool one. . . Bottomline: Great time in Vegas! This was partly due to a great hookup from a friend that actually pulled through (her "guy" got 4 guys and 4 girls in for free; the odd man out paid a $25 cover - definitely not bad at all!).
It was my cousins bachelor party and we had about 12 dudes with us. It was last minute but one of my friends had some hookups inside. We instantly bypass the treacherous line on Saturday night and got a table. I think it was two bottles minimum, but we got three Greygoose's with some red bull. Our hostess was very attentive to all our needs. She poured our drinks and checked up on us regularly. The only criticism I had about the VIP area is being a little cramped inside. The club is really huge... It has a live waterfall inside for god sakes. Maybe we had too many dudes for one table!. . The music was all Trance that night. I'm more of a hiphop type of person but it was still enjoyable to dance. The waterfall really made part of the club feel like an outdoor area. Drunk folks were jumping into the water like no other!. . Anyways, a good club in Vegas that shouldn't be missed.
Tryst is no longer the IT spot of Vegas as Marquee or XS but it still is a nice beautiful club. The sister of XS with the nice outdoor waterfall and ambient lighting all around. There are the poles for the girls to make a fool of themselves while all the guys around the phone whip out their cellphone cameras LOL and the music was good. The bars were so busy  but maybe because we only went to the one closest to the dancefloor.... . My group of 2 girls and 2 guys decided to head to Tryst around 1 am after watching lame-o show, KA (see my review) and getting our free buzz on at the casino tables.. . Earlier that evening, i put my name down under a host for guestlist. 1 am is beyond the  guestlist time but the front door people let us in no charge and without a problem or hassle. Things like this makes the clubbing experience so much better because you don't waste time or kill your buzz.
Very cool dance club. Amazing layout with a waterfall. Love the main dancefloor that extends outside. Expensive on certain nights. I have not paid more then $20.00 to get in. Drinks are about $12-$20.00. Music was good, but changes to house after midnight.
By my limited experience in Vegas nightclubs, I'd say Tryst and Surrender are two of the best clubs on the strip with the best clientele. They get crowded quick, so get in early, pay for bottle service and bring as many ladies with you as possible to get the best seating, with the best views! Be ready to drop $4k and more just to play ball at that level Its worth it!
If you've been doing the nightlife thing for as long as I have, you reach a point where you feel like you've seen it all before (in many cases, because you've actually been to the space before, but now it's just been renamed as another club).. . In town for a convention and got the hookup on the guest list at Tryst. Had minimal expectations despite being told that it was 'the' spot to be at on a Thursday night. Shouldn't have worried, Vegas always knows how to juice things up a bit.. . Located at the Wynn resort, Tryst is downstairs. It's all about either buying a bottle - which I'm generally opposed to unless you're in a huge party - or getting hooked up on someone's list. In this case, I was on Aaron Miller's list. Blessings to you sir, my wait time was all of 5 minutes, if that.. . Club is SWEET. Sort of a big oval shape. Interior has lots of deep red. Bottle service tables everywhere. At least three bars that  I can remember. Drinks are your standard Vegas club prices, which is to say they are pricey ($15-ish for a mixed drink). Exterior is centered around a giant waterfall, which is quite a sight to behold. Lots of blue colors and the white furniture. . . Dereck Anthony was the DJ...very competent set. Crowd was fairly attractive. Go-go dancers were pleasant-looking, but not particularly good at go-go dancing. . . In sum, it's been awhile since I've walked into a club and been like 'whoah!' Always nice to be pleasantly surprised.
It may be as big or grand as its neighbor XS, but you know what, I like Tryst. The music set are good, it gets crowded early, and the wait-time is minimal.. . The two times I've been here, I did not have to pay cover. Just make sure you're put onto their guest-list and you should be good to go. Sure, the drinks are expensive and the space is smaller, but I'll take that over dropping 50+ to get into XS.
Went on a Thursday, no wait to get in. . . The place is beautiful on the inside and the DJ was was good. He played mostly Top 40 and current club hits. . . Go to see the waterfall, if nothing else.
tryst will always have a special place in my heart because it was the first club in vegas where i got smashed and almost got kicked out. heck, i might as well have been wheel-chaired home from the state i was in. we got to tryst at a reasonable time, around 1030-11 and went in with no problem. i think our guys didn't even pay or paid something like 10 bucks. the first thing you notice is the beautiful waterfall. that in itself makes the entire club experience worth while. i was sad because i only took one photo of it, and i really wish i was sober enough to take more. i was already tipsy, but i had the courage to go sit at a random table without being invited with my vegas-partner-in-crime. . . and that's where it went down hill for me. we didn't even get to dance because these guys were pouring us so many shots. my friend and i were having an amazing time just sitting and drinking! imagine that. . and then i felt it, that feeling in your stomach when you know you've had too much. i ran for the bathroom and basically made a fool out of myself. enough so that one of the lady security guards told me i had to leave. my friends were all too drunk to function so we all felt it was time to make it back to our room. but before we left, my girlfriend muster up the words "you look like a man" to the lady security guard that kicked us out. dot dot dot. well tryst, game set and matched.
I'm gonna describe Tryst in these words "Hella Good Music!!" haha though I'm not "bay area" material, that's the only way I could explain Tryst.  We went here first for our drink tickets and then moved our way to XS, but Tryst convinced us to come back afterward because they play better music! If you're gonna play "N***as in Paris" by Jay-Z and Kanye, you have me there all night! hahaha. . They also have a pole available to dance on. I think this is essential for clubs because it gets people going! I've been here twice and I had great experiences both times.
Wait, this is not XS...??. . Same layout, make you do a double take. Perhaps the waterfall was the only thing different.....Promoters are awesome. (hence the extra star). . Crowd is generally cool (less greasy than XS). SMALL dance floor....so best not to go in a group and expect everyone to get down on there. You will be elbowed, and pushed and sholved.
I had such a fun time at Tryst! I loved the outdoor feel to the club with the huge waterfall as the backdrop (reminds me of home - Niagara Falls!).. . We met a promoter while tanning at the Venetian so we were walked in and didn't have any issues at the door. There were some drunk ass girls on the dance floor, this one especially kept on flailing her arms and hitting all of us and her guy friend had to apologize like a bazillion times for her. That kinda put us in a sour mood, until we were invited to a table for free drinks. Dancing by the tables is a little awkward because there's only a small ledge above the couches were you can dance...that or you can dance on the couches...but I wouldn't really recommend that. . . Overall I loved the atmosphere and the decor. It was cute and close to the Venetian! Would definitely come again.
Love the setting of this place. It mirrors XS and Surrender, minus the outside & pool. There are plenty of space to stand around and mingle, or dance around and mingle. The DJ stand is right agains a man-made rock/waterfall, so it's very pretty. The girls were very hot; I was impress.. . And free before 10:30/11:00, even for guys, if you're on the guest list! That's a bonus.. . And don't forgot to stop in at ZoozaCrackers Deli for a little snack :)
A girlfriend and I went to Tryst on a Saturday. Although we were on a guest list and arrived at about 11p, we waited for about 20 minutes before being connected by a host and given a pass to get into the club. . .  The decor and design is beautiful. Dark, red (in keeping with the Wynn color scheme), waterfalls, an indoor/outdoor area. The dance floor is rather small, and in keeping with most Vegas clubs, seating was reserved for bottle service patrons.  There were a number of places to lean if you didn't have a table, though.  There was also a stripper pole toward the back of the club, and we enjoyed seeing many of the women take a spin on it and pose for pictures (of course, some were better than others).  . . The music was very good in my opinion, lots of variety- not just all electronica/house, there was hip-hop, R&B, Reggae, and some good mashups as well.  . . Drinks were expectedly expensive- mixed cocktails were about $15 each. . . We definitely had a good time, and will return to Tryst!
I went here with a group of girls for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night in November and it was so much fun!!. . Since there were 8 of us girls, we had no problems getting in for free.  There wasn't actually a line when we got there (around 11:30pm) although I do think there was a cover charge since Lil John was DJing!  We had no idea until we got there that he would be there, but it was really cool that he was.. . Shortly after arriving we ran into a "promoter" who asked us if we wanted to go hang out with some boys at a table, of course we said yes to free booze.  It was way fun!!  Later in the night the girl told us that she wasn't actually a promoter and was just getting girls to hang out with the boys to score free drinks which I thought was pretty weird, but hey, if it works why not I guess?  Not sure how often things like this might happen there.... . The atmosphere there is also really fun.  As others have mentioned the waterfall is such a great backdrop for the club.  It's nice to look at while out on the dance floor.. . One of the coolest perks is that each of the tables had their own security guard.  When I needed to go to the bathroom, I'd just tell the security guy and he'd walk me to a special restroom for people with tables that had no line.  It was awesome.. . They lost a star cause around 3am I was out on the dance floor, holding a beer in my hand, and I spilled some of it on the guy I was dancing with.  Yes I was a little drunk. but they kicked me out!  And I didn't deserve it.  So, they lost a star. :)
The first club I went to in Vegas - and the first club I'd ever gone to PERIOD! . . For starters, the waterfall is gorgeous. I love how the dance floor never feels intensely hot or anything because of the waterfall/sky that is just by the DJ. . . The drinks are not that good. I had an AMF (I try them at almost every club I go to hahaha) and it was probably the worst and most separated one I'd ever had. . . This also seems like a place for bachelorette parties or something ... the night that I was there, there were so many girls with 'bride' crowns or sashes hahaha. This also means that the crowd here is on the older side, so I guess it was slightly weird for my group since we'd all just turned 21. . . The dance space is pretty small compared to places like XS and Marquee, which is both good and bad, depending on what you're looking for. I would say the dance floor might even be only 1/3 as big as that of XS's. . . The music is okay, pretty much just top 40 the most time. How well the remixes sound probably depends on the DJ, and I think the one we had that night was only mediocre.
Pretty decor, amazing hotel, lighting and entertainment inside is amazing, and DJ on point. Loved this club. Great for Bachelorette parties (if you work with a promoter, your group can cut the line) and packed with people who want to have a good time.
My clubbing days are pretty much history, so for fun, us gals went "out" to a place we had enjoyed in our heyday before husbands and kids came into the picture.. It was just as much fun now as it was then, except now we can afford bottle service! But we didn't have to splurge for bottle service. We simply sat down outside and never got kicked out of our couch/table area. It was great. We could have real conversations without shouting and could sit down and enjoy our cocktails instead of get bumped around on the dance floor or hang out near the bar. The waterfall and unique indoor/outdoor atmosphere do not disappoint! We also found the staff to be incredibly accomodating, especially Jessica at the front desk.
I agree with the reviews saying Tryst isn't as big, bold, and beautiful as XS, but it's still pretty impressive for a club. My three girlfriends and I got in with two free drinks each thanks to a promoter, and we had a great time. The DJ playing that night was awesome -- the music was a good mix of top 40s/hip hop/house, which is pretty much exactly what I want when I go out. The waterfall is gorgeous, and the gogo dancers on the platforms flanking the stage were a nice touch. Dance floor is kinda small, but it wasn't too packed when we got there around 11:30 pm. I'd say 2/3 of the club is occupied by tables, but luckily we met guys who had bottle service and got to sit down with them for varying lengths of time throughout the night. The crowd overall is pretty chill -- a little older than XS, but probably wealthier too.. . Also, I just want to point out that the women's bathrooms are awesome -- they look like the bathrooms from Harry Potter, except significantly brighter and more sparkly.
The only reason I give it four stars is because it's a little small and the dance floor as a result could be quite stuffed. When you enter this place, the first view of the waterfall is just and awesome "wow" factor that gives you the feeling you've come to something good! Their service is top-class and the music is great for dancing! The servers are very friendly and cooperative. I've been to this place twice in 2 weeks and I live in San Jose...what does that tell ya?. . PS: There's a special from a promoter that'll get you bottle service with 2 bottles (grey goose vodka and moet champagne) for $495+tip+tax. Look into this if you're going to go here. It'll save you time from standing in line and will give you a cool table to hang out at (request near the waterfall!) before hitting the dance floor!
The only way to enjoy a tryst without fear of aggressive STDs?. . It's a Thursday night.... . I'm not really a club type of guy, back home in Seattle I'm all about lounges, bars, and kitchy little places with mason jars for cups and pictures of obscure Films on the walls. But Vegas? Sin City? Viva Lost Wages? I gotta wild out.. . Tryst was the second spot we hit on our March Madness/Happy Birthday to my little brother trip. All the Electro fist pumping joy of wilding out is evident here. The decor is fantastic, the waterfall adds a classy touch, and the night was overall a good night out. I wish I could have enjoyed it more, being one of the guys in our group that slept for only 4 hours from the night before... it was a rough day.. . Overall, I'd go again next time I come Vegas side.. . 4 there's-a-sign-that-forbids-lewd-behavior-in-the-bathroom-of-a-club-called-Tryst stars out of 5
Absolutely gorgeous.. . We were handed drink tickets upon entry and the service at the bar was excellent! The bartenders were the sweetest things.. . We got there early, around 11ish so it was pretty empty which was nice but definitely an older crowd...as in 30+. The ratio was also skewed heavily to the male side and it was quite a grabby bunch. Ughhhh.
Great club at the Wynn/Encore. This club reminds me of xs because of the bathroom, decor and layout. Great crowd, not too over packed. Great music and atmosphere.
I came here on a night out with my gf.. Cover is $30.. The drinks were overpriced . Lady bartenders do not make stiff drinks. . **The only saving grace is the DJ. He/she was awesome. The DJ really plays to the crowd (as opposed to playing obscure house songs!). Overall, I recommend checking out this spot if you're out in Vegas. (It's alll the way by Wynn and Encore).
I went to Tryst two weekends ago with two of my other girlfriends.  We had a great time here especially since XS was just within walking distance.. . I reached a promoter, DREW,who hooked us up with the VIP guest list, line pass, complimentary drink passes, and free entry before 12:30.  He also hooked us up with getting into XS around 1:30 by getting our hand stamped where we entered for Tryst. THANK YOU DREW!  We got there around 11, and the crowd was already pretty packed.  The waterfall with the digital projection of TRYST is definitely awesome to look at.  I'm a fan of dancing to Top40 music so I was pretty excited to dance with the crowd.   We left around 1 to get our hand stamped to enter XS, which is only about a 10 minute walk within the same building.  . . . Overall a fun night and I'd definitely recommend Drew and Tryst!
Awesome club in Vegas!!! Enjoyed it so much that I went there twice during my trip  so clearly that speaks volumes! The first night I went was on a Thursday and when we walked up to the club, there was a ridiculous line already out there and it was only 11:30pm. I'm from Miami so 11:30 is the prime time to get to the club before it gets too packed. Obviously, that's not the case in Vegas! Either way, me and my friend were on a guest list so we got in for free. The process for the guest list was very easy (suprisingly)! Compared to Miami, it was a walk in the park! I think the reason why it works so well is because there are 3-4 ppl with the guest list instead of one lously person at the door. This is a much more efficient process. . . Got into the club and it was packed!!! There's a waterfall behind the DJ booth and it just sets the tone for the entire night. There was a great mix of music. You got Hip-Hop, R&B, Techno, Pop, & Rock! Loved it! Unlike other clubs in Vegas (like XS), they played music other than Techno. After an hour of Techno, I'm ready to slit my wrists and poor bleach onto the wounds!!! When we went there on Saturday night, Jermaine Dupri was the guest DJ so he played more hip-hop, R&B, and some popular tecno/pop music! Either way, the man can spin! Never knew he was a DJ like that but now, I'm sold!. . Getting a drink at the bar was little challenging being that it was so packed but once you got to the bartenders, they were pretty quick. As a fellow bartender, I was amazed to see this girl make 8-10 drinks at once and they were all for different people. Very impressive! Drinks weren't too expensive either. It was actually cheaper than some clubs in Miami which was shocking. I once paid $19 for a Ciroc and cranberry juice.After that I vowed to always get buzzed BEFORE the club!!! That wasn't the case for Tryst though. The drinks were made very well and premium vodka was $15-16. . . Overall, I loved the mood and setting of the club. Beautiful people, great music and an amazing setting makes Tryst a must-see club on your trip to Vegas! Feel free to fist pump until your arm falls off...
Totally dig the waterfall backdrop and the DJ spinning on top where you can see him - good music, but the place is so massive & too crowded.  It just feel a bit suffocating to me.  However, all that is a turn off for me might as well be what you're seeking for in your clubbing experience, so definitely come if you haven't been there before, just to test the water out.
This place has really held up against the hype of new club openings in Vegas and it still remains one of my top favorites. Definitely my favorite place for bottle service. The interior is gorgeous and classic, and Tryst seems to consistently attract a more upscale crowd.
This club is alright.  I've been to many clubs in NYC and this was my 1st in Vegas, so I can only compare to what's in NYC.  . . The dance floor is quite small given the amount of people in the club.. . Drinks are expensive as expected.  $16 for a Long Island Ice Tea but at least it wasn't watered down.. . The young club dancers are all hot and sexy :). . Tip:  If you're staying at the Encore or Wynn, be sure to bring your room card.  You can bypass the line most of the time if the boss in charge there is cool.
A must see....very very pretty and relaxing......good crowd,music and fancy place to be. . . The only downsides are that A) it gets too packed B) The drinks are $$$$$
Ok, I'm really torn with this review and let me see if I can put it into words.  From my understanding, Tao, Haze and Tryst are the hottest clubs for the Thursday nights, since I've been to Tao, I thought lets give Tryst a try.  First off, the table service was excellent.  Our server Pamela and Warren, were awesome, never had to look for them, was always there.  Never had to pour or mix our own drinks, never had dirty glasses laying around, fresh ice all the time, it was awesome.  I do like the layout of the club, and our table was inside just outside of the main dance floor.  Table security was no where to be found, so I guess that can't be commented on.  The music, wasn't that great.  The DJ had no flow, and I just couldn't get into it.  The scene wasn't my thing either, I wouldn't come back, but that's me.  The place is due for a remodel and I guess I'll see then.  I'm giving this place a 4 star because of service only, if it wasn't for the service, I would rate it a one star from my time there.  Like all Vegas clubs, it will be crowded and hard to walk around.  If you're like me, long as the music and service is where you want it to be, you can deal with crowds and other little things.
I had a blast here!  Mind you, it was a bachelorette party and we had been drinking...ALL DAY LONG!  . . We got on a list somehow, so no waiting in line for us.  Walked down the stairs into a  dark, room, lots of red couches, lighting, everything red, then you finally get to the dance floor and there is this amazing waterfall.  Very nice backdrop for pictures and the dj.  . . Drinks were expensive and kinda weak, which was expected.  The shots that the waitresses walk around with are very sweet and seemed like they had zero alcohol.  . . But like I said, we had a blast, dancing our butts off and enjoyed every minute of it.
We came here on a Friday for my birthday weekend because my group was craving for a club that played hip hop and Tryst was recommended by my very trust worthy promoter. . . The atmosphere was amazing! There is a water fall right in the center where the DJ was posted and the bar is right next to the entrance. The lighting and the scenery was amazing and a great place to take pictures if you're still sober!. . I didn't pay for any of my drinks, so I wouldn't know how much it cost, but the guys I was with bought at least 5 rounds for 7 people in under an hour so I don't think the shots/drinks cost as much as other clubs. Like most places, I think the quality of the drinks all depend on the bartender, because the bar tender we kept getting hooked us up pretty good.. . Cover: I think it all depends on who your promoter is. I've been reading on a  lot of people's review and some complained about the price. It's always going to cost more if you're not on anyone's guest list, so I would recommend finding a good promoter even if you are a female because not only can they always get you in for free but sometimes they can even get you free drinks too!. . Downside, it gets super packed to the point that everyone is all up on each other. The dance floor is tiny compared to most clubs and the table and VIP areas are crowed with other people because there is no room on the dance floor.. . All in all, we were all pretty happy with Tyrst. We came there for HipHop and we got it.. . Only tip would be, if your group has more guys than ladies, then just go for bottle service. You'll skip the line, it's a lot cheaper and you get a bottle!
We got a nice hookup for bottle service on a Friday night mid June. Club opened at 10:30pm and we were escorted to our table. We were on the upper level, not near the dance floor but had plenty of room to dance around the table. This was my second time getting a table at a club so I know how it goes. . Bouncer was super nice and looked after our stuff, there was no place to put our things so we stuck it in a corner. The waitress' job is to serve our drinks and check on us every 10-15 min. We ended up pouring our own drinks every time, I feel she didn't come by because it was five girls no guys. . . The club itself looked a lot like xs but behind the dj is a huge waterfall and trees so he's technically outside. That was the best part and the music was off the hook!! It was a great mix throughout the entire night. . . Don't know about the waitresses but If you can't get into XS try Tryst...very cool and totally worth it.
Just went to Vegas for a bachelor party and, as the veteran of many Vegas clubs (at least amongst my friends on this trip), I was tasked with finding the dope spot for our we-be-clubbin', bottle service night.  . . Obviously there are tons of options in Vegas and I was tempted to try some of the newer spots like Surrender and Vanity.  I've had great experiences (XS, old ass Pure) and bad ones (Marquee's service is bad).  When it came down to it, I had been to Tryst when it first opened and knew it was, at worst, a beautiful venue.  I ended up working through a VIP host and got a "deal" (hard to call what they charge per bottle a DEAL but...) for a bottle of Goose with a bottle of Moet thrown in for free, for each of our 2 tables on a peak night Saturday.. . Got there at 10:30pm when Tryst opens so that we could ensure our 2 tables were situated together.  If you can afford VIP hosting, especially for all-guy groups, it's really the only way to do clubs in Vegas.  It was quick entry, zero stress, no fighting for bartender attention all night, a table to chill at.  Just pay that $$ upfront and forget it even existed!. . Tryst staff didn't fail...they delivered.  May was our table hostess -- her, the busboy, and the area security guy made it a first-class experience.  Security guy (taaaall black dude...Mike?) was super helpful.  Told us at the beginning of the night, if we need anything, or need to move anyone away from our spot, let him know.  The table would always be waiting if we left it.  He was true to his word.. . Table location can be key and we were sat outside, near the door to the inside tables, against the waterfall water.  I was a bit worried it was too out of the way but it was perfect.  Vegas was 106 degrees that day and somehow Tryst keeps the outdoor air as cool as a polar bear's toe nails.  Outdoor air conditioning?!? Could very well be.  Overall, it was the perfect blend of people scene, view of the water, night sky, DJ, and the energy of the crowd.. . Music was hip-hop, EDM, and mash-ups.  No headliner DJ that night but really just a great mix of music all night.  (personal opinion -- house is cool but all night house isn't.). . Stayed 'til 4am and even the guys that didn't want to spend cash for bottle service were giving props at the end.  It was an epic party with beautiful people and Tryst made 'em believers!!
Although Tryst is Wynn's first nightclub child, the newer XS has taken over as the prettier, more popular sibling. Surrender tried to be just like XS with good effort, but I think XS has them beat in size and popularity. Tryst still gets packed, but getting in is so much easier. A promoter approached my friends and I earlier this day and offered to comp us a free bottle since we had 18 girls. He told us we could stop by Tryst first, then we can head over to XS without any problems. Wait, did he say free alcohol?? Not only is free alcohol a given for girls in Vegas, but also a dream come true. . . I've been to Tryst a few times, but I can't recall details as much as I'd like to. There is a beautiful waterfall outside, but I don't think Tryst has the same wow factor that XS has when you walk through the door. It's a cool club, but I don't usually stay there too long before moving on to the next place. The dance floor is small from what I can remember and moving around is tough since there are so many people. Overall, a great place to start the night, but I'd move onto bigger and better at the Encore.
I was here with a bunch of girls for our friend's bachelorette party. We got on a guest list, so we got in quickly. Drinks are $12 (Vegas prices, naturally). Which meant I nursed my pineapple-and-rum cocktail like it was going out of style. The music was great, a mix of house and dance, with some R&B mixed in. I'm the kind of girl who likes to sing along when a good song comes on, so to have the songs change after a verse and a half was a bit jarring. But no matter. Once it gets packed, though, be prepared for the inevitable jabbing and pushing from human chains, newly formed humping duos, and the like. (I find that a well-placed elbow jab will usually deter the latter. Ha!) My friends made sure to grab some male booty here and there - lots of cute guys, to be sure!
Second visit here on a Friday night, May 11, 2012.. . We got a sweet corner table by the door which afforded some pull of foot traffic, and a more private space that wasn't in the clusterfuck that was the dancefloor.  The first visit, we got a table out on the patio, which was very quiet, and a great place to just chat it up.  However, you have to be a bit more active pulling girls since you don't get as many passer-bys with many of the tables outside.. . XS is the other club, located in Encore.  It's bigger, and has a huge patio, and usually a world-class DJ spinning.  It also has a monster of a line, and prices are in line with a top club.  I do think there are cuter girls (or maybe just more of them since it does have a higher capacity) at XS, but Tryst has treated me well too.  The club still gets packed, and, girls, you really need to be careful about people stomping on your toes on that tiny dancefloor.  If you're cute, just slowly walk around the club until some dude offers you a drink at your table (don't forget to let him know you have friends with you though!).. . Dudes, if you can scrounge enough extra change for a bottle, I am a big proponent.  You beat the lines, and you get a space to yourselves.  Cost?  There was no major headlining DJ, so we lucked out with a 1-bottle minimum.  You're looking at 4-500, not including gratuity.
I've been here a few times and enjoyed the overall experience.  It's not really my scene but after a drink or five none of that really matters anymore.  It's one of the better flashy dance clubs on the Strip. . . Generally I roll up here with a bunch of guys so bottle service is kind of a must in order to compensate for the Dudefest.  If you've never paid for it before you will probably be surprised by the cost but it ends up being worth it when you consider the time you don't have to wait, the booze and the booth.  Whether you choose to wait or pay-to-skip this is going to be a pricey evening so clubbers on a budget might want to keep walking on down the Strip.. . Once you get in the club has a great sound system, fresh aesthetics and a classy clientele - even if you end up being a wallflower the whole night you'll probably still enjoy the overall vibe of the place.  . . I hear XS is better but I haven't been yet!
Such a beautiful club! Bottle service is a must here especially because it's always packed on the dance floor! . . Our party had bottle service outside near the waterfall. It was gorgeous! . . Music: the majority of it was house/techno. With some hip hop mixed in. Although I do love house music , I can't dance to it all night long . I was craving for some more  hip hop.. . Our waitress here was somewhat attentive. She mixed our drinks a couple times , and I found her gone for the rest of the night . . . The people in this club vary. I saw many different ethnicities & ages! . . Ages as young as me (21) to some real OGs (60-65) in a private booth sipping on Jose Cuervo on the rocks! . . I had a fantastic time! I just wished the bathrooms were more accessible! And more stalls please! . . Bitchy drunk girls + alcohol + long wait times to pee = fights in the bathroom. . . (this is from seeing girls argue about who's turn it is)
gorgeous gorgeous nightclub located in the Wynn hotel .... . be sure to get on the guest list --. be prepared to pay lots of cash for drinks...  like all clubs in Vegas -- . the music --- started off very top 40 ish -- then became more progressive House.... I think..... nights in Vegas are sort of a blur... you know!  . . at the end of the day -- as far as music and crowd.... all clubs in Vegas are somewhat the same.... I did enjoy  Tao, XS and Marquee  -- a tad bit better than Tryst... . for a complete Vegas club experience -- be sure to visit at least one or all of the above!
Douchebags, ugly chicks, disneyland lines, douchebags, ugly chicks, disneyland lines, slam piece, douchebag with tattoos, ugly chicks, disneyland lines, finally at the bar, overpriced drinks, ugly chicks, disneyland lines..... . Pretty much the same situation at every club in Vegas though. Obv bottle service is always the call. I'm going to give Tryst a little more  props though because I liked the waterfall pool thing in the back. I reaaaaaally wanted to jump in it, but otherwise this Asian fucking hates clubs. Shitty music. Shitty drinks. Can't even talk to anybody without some dude rubbin' his groin on your ass while he's trying to get through. No homo. . . But nothing against Tryst just because I suck at clubbing. This place was nice. I'd come back if we had bottle service.
Want some place that's chill, not too overcrowded, a great mix of music, and pretty cheap (for guys) to get in? TRYST IS THE PLACE TO GO!. . I've always had a good time here, and the music here is FANTASTIC! . . VENUE: Nice and spacious and beautiful!! I mean what other club has a fricken WATERFALL right behind the dj??? That's right, only tryst. It's beautiful. I still remember walking in here for the first time and thinking..."WOW...It's so....BEAUTIFUL!!!" That was my exact train of thought. No joke. Dancefloor wise: HUGE AND SPACIOUS! exactly what any girl needs when your favorite song comes on and it will come on because the dj's here are amazing! . . MUSIC: like I mentioned before. AMAZING!! Don't get me wrong, I love house music, but it's nice to hear it mixed up sometimes with your favorite hip-hop music and that's exactly what they do here. It's a great mix of music and definitely one of my favorite clubs to come to. . . So, general consensus...GOOD TIMES. Oh, and if you're a girl and want to get into XS, wait until midnight, go outside the club, wait in line (or no line if you're early), get a stamp and walk over to xs and you can get in for free :) guys....you can get the stamp, BUT...you still have to pay...Sorry!
A nice small and intimate club to get the night started.  I like that this club isn't quite as 'showy' or balls-to-the-wall party as say XS or Marquee.  This definitely feels a little more lounge, but is a nice place to catch up with friends.  The staff is not too pompous, and the service is friendly (might have helped that we had a table).
Short Review:. - They have a cool waterfall over a pool which looks nice at night. - No real line getting in. - Decently sized place but the dance floor isn't that big. - The only major flaw of this club is the people...it's always a weird combination of old to young to who the fuck are these people type crowd.  It's usually not very lively, perhaps because of the music they play or just the atmosphere I really can't get a good fix on it.
Came to Tryst for a bachelor party with a group of six guys. We reserved a table about a month in advance which I highly recommend for any group of guys that plan on coming here. As with anywhere in Vegas, you need not even go if you're a guy and haven't booked a table. It was a two bottle minimum with bottle prices starting at $425.. . The venue is pretty sick as there's a huge waterfall in the outside portion of the club that draws you over. The rest of the club is pretty big and the VIP areas are lined around the club. They also had a really good bottle selection.. I almost did a back flip when I saw a bottle of Appleton Estate rum on the list! . . Waitresses  were top notch in terms of service. Probably the best bottle service ever. Never had an empty drink (or a weak one for that matter). They went above and beyond to make the experience great and even mixed a bunch of on the spot shots that I've never heard of before.. . Music was good. A good amount of top40 music and a lot of house. I could have done with a little less house, but after a while it doesnt really matter. . . This place was awesome. Very expensive as is expected at any of the hot spots in Vegas, but well worth it. Definitely a must!
Vegas clubs are usually over rated to the max and promotes are liars to just get you there and the whole list vip thing is a sham but at Tryst I was not disappointed. I got on the list when I got there i actually was on the list, talked to the promoter who sent me txt messages about the event. Cover is usually 20.00 i got in for free and ladies get 2 free drink tickets, which was nice. this place is spacious the waterfall in the back is nice and theres one stripper pole for dancing. Iv never been to a club that i would come back to but i would do this one again. The crowd is a bit older so that was a bummer may be it will be more lively in the summer time.
Awesome club, rolled out here in January on a Thursday expecting it to be pretty dead, but the place was just as packed as a weekend night would be at most places on the strip.. . Line was kinda long getting in, but me and my group managed to pay a little extra to the door man and skip the line! That night ladies had free admission and guys got in for $20, provided there were girls with them, so there was a decent girl/girl ratio. . . Music was really on point, great selection of hip-hop, house, and top 40, good amount of people on the dance floor too. I didn't get bottle service here, but definitely wouldn't be against getting it in the future, the tables are spread around the dance floor and there is an awesome section outside next to the pool, so you're getting a pretty decent view no matter where you sit. There's also an awesome indoor waterfall that's worth the price of admission alone.. . My only real criticism of the place is because one of the bartenders was a total ass to me when I ordered some drinks through him, but had my tab going with another bartender. He made a big deal out of it and was pretty rude about the whole thing. . . TIP: For guys out there rolling in groups 3-5, bring girls!!! Either try and pick some up on line or do your best meet some during the day and convince them to come to Tryst!
I love Tryst. It is a small, initiate venue, with a glorious waterfall view.. . The music ranges from night to night. The crowds are typical Vegas. I personally don't think Tryst will be around much longer. They are offering free drinks to ladies and then offering free access to XS most nights.. . Plush seating, beautiful patio, and a tiny little dance floor.. . Cocktails and bottle prices are on par with the rest of the strip.. . Great place to dance, drink, and enjoy a night out in Vegas without being overcrowded and without too much douche.
Great nightclub. Drinks are pricey, as to be expected. I really like the inside-outside atmosphere. Helps to keep the club from being 120degrees. Dj was top notch and the gogo dancers are a nice touch.
this is a club i keep returning to when i'm in vegas. if you haven't ever been i say it's worth it just to check out the waterfall. but beware in summer, it can be 90 and humid, not exactly dancing weather. i've seen this place get stupid crowded, like barely able to get to the bathroom. i remember one time on the dance floor getting my shoes all wet cause chicks can't figure out how to finish their drink before dancing. seems like a lot of "international" kind of guests at this club. i've honestly never paid cover or bought my own drink here (thanks to the power of the V) so i have no idea if they're expensive. if you can get on guestlist you can skip the line.
Tryst! You are always so fun to go to! I love the waterfall in the back. Good music and nice decor.  It does get hot in the summer since the back doors are open to the waterfall.  This is a favorite spot to visit in Vegas! Fun Nights in Vegas = Tryst! . . Girls you might be asked to go to the tables.  If so, bring your friends along! =D
Whenever I would hear about Tryst, it would always remind me of this one night my friend came here.  I have no idea what happened or how much she drank, but I woke up in the middle of the night to a bunch of drunk text messages asking me to come save her.  Considering all of her typos, it sounded like she had a good time!. . Fortunately for me, my night at Tryst didn't require any saving by the end of it (minus the cab that "saved" me from walking from the Wynn back to Aria).  It did, however, involve a lot of fun with friends!  . . After making our way down a flight of stairs, the club greeted us with a chic decor, a decently sized dance floor, and some awesome music being played (mostly hip hop and trance/EDM being spun by the DJ, although Jermaine Dupri did a guest spot later in the night too!).  Our group of 15 or so paid for a table and bottle service, so I don't know how much cover normally goes for, but we totally lucked out - a great spot by the windows near the bar and the dance floor, and an awesome/hot hostess to boot.  Unlike a lot of other clubs in Vegas though (particularly TAO), the place didn't get ridiculously packed as the night wore on (surprising too since it was the Pacquiao/Marquez fight night).  Just a great balance between a lively crowd and a chill clubbing experience.  Well, chill by Vegas standards at least.. . Although it doesn't quite match XS for me, I would definitely come back to Tryst.  Besides all the fun we had (and did I mention the hostess?), I really like their waterfall fed lagoon that the club is built around.  It's smaller than the pool at XS, but it makes for a pretty nice backdrop, especially if you get one of the tables that rings around it.  And as some of my friends can probably attest, it's pretty nice how they have little storage drawers under the seats at the tables too.  After all, it's all about the little things with clubs, isn't it?  Ha!
It been so long since set foot in nightclub got reminded of all the good things but also reasons why not nightclub person. The wait too get in even with group of both guys and girls not help get in faster. None of us got on no guest list or had the connection always help pass the line. Really for Saturday night went early not that bad of wait too get in. Not that I know long wait or reasonable time is wait get in. It less then half hour. Once we got in it really amazing high end nightclubs walk into another world. In Tryst world one lot of reds, first thing stands out you see the huge waterfall from the Wynn as backdrop for the Dj on raised platform (that it looks like, nightclubs so dark hard too tell), two go-go dancers on each side of he Dj, the dance area is decent size or again no expert but feels bigger then most, and even had pole area second thought was at strip club (they had dancer working the pole) the dancer going up and down it. The bartenders the one I went too was very friendly and nice. I tend too find them too be rude and once gets pack they treat you like number move on. She was very nice. The cover too get in was $25 for the ladies, $30 for guys. Drinks well nothing too say but EXPECT too get raped because its any other high end nightclub on the strip. They do offer bottle services but too rich for my blood and went with group none of us going in that direction. If just want go out on dance floor with group of friends would go back too Tryst.
Loveeeeeeeeee Tryst!!! Probably my favorite club that I've been to in Vegas. . The waterfall is dope, I thought it was the coolest thing that the DJ and waterfall thing is like outside... but we're inside........ Trippy. The dance floor is incredibly small which is the only thing holding this place back from 5 stars in my book. INCREDIBLY small. The place is mostly comprised of tables for the people with bottle service and pathways through those tables where a lot of people hang out and stuff so I guess that's why the dance floor is so small. It was like smaller than a non-Vegas club but honestly the vibe in this place makes up for it all. The music was so bomb the whole entire night, I don't think I stopped dancing until it was time to leave.
Came out to Tryst to have a fun night out with my girls. I love that this club is half outside! Love the ambiance. This is your run of the mill nightclub. Booze flows, girls are hot and guys are drunk; can't ask for anything more on a Thursday night :) Getting in was not a problem, but I think that may have been because we were on the guest list. I'd recommend that, since you don't wanna spend your whole night waiting to get in! Fun night club, definitely recommend!
Smaller than some of the other Vegas clubs I have been to which makes walking around kind of a pain. We got there at 11 and the dance floor was already completely packed. Luckily we made friends and got to sit at a table for the night with a great view of Jermaine Durpi. The music was great, the scene was great, the cocktails server was just okay but the clean up man was always there wiping down the table and re-arranging cups. . Thinking about it I don't know if I would come here without bottle service because of the lack of space but with bottle service, it's definitely at the top of my list. . . Side note: There were many hot girls here, but also a TON of 2's and 3's thinking they were solid 7's and 8's. It was painful to look at, so painful for the eyes.
i really enjoyed my night @ tryst w/my ladies. once inside, the atmosphere is pretty fun. it's wide open and the outdoor area is so nice! love the waterfall. we weren't there on a night where there was a celebrity appearance/event, so the club wasn't too crowded, which was nice. i wouldn't say bottle service is necessary for tryst- everyone pretty much dances everywhere..and near the bathrooms, there are plenty of spaces to sit down/rest your feet. . . my only gripe...even though we were on the guestlist, it still took FOREVER to get in. oh, and the usual vegas complaint- the drinks are expensive :) definitely a solid choice if you're looking for a place to go for an evening out!
I had a great experience at Tryst Nightclub! The first thing you notice as you walk in is the super cool waterfall behind the DJ. It really gives the club a great feel to it. It's not sweaty or stuffy inside. The dance floor was small and packed, but not to the point where I still couldn't dance! And again, thanks to the open terrace and waterfall, there was a lot of fresh air while you danced. . . I had a drink ticket that night, but the variety of drinks I could get from this ticket were extremely limited. It also took forever to order a drink because the bartender was so busy and working solo.  Other than that, I loved everything about this nightclub. It has less of the hype than other clubs such as Tao, but I think that's a good thing. When I went to Tao, I couldn't even move my arm while on the dance floor because it was so packed.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be heading to Tryst!
Tryst  is a fun club, they have a nice set up but I think it's smaller compared to Marquee and Surrender nightclub in Vegas. When I went we saw Holly Madison there with her friends dancing at her table. That was fun, everyone was trying to crowd around her table to watch lol. . This club would probably be 3 or 4 on my list of nightclubs in Vegas
Tryst is a beautiful venue.  I came here to check out Jermaine Dupree and the place did not disappoint.  Great mix of hip hop and edm music.  It may not be on the same level is Marquee or XS but I had a great time.  Contact a host to get on the list or you'll have to wait a while to get in.  Standard Vegas prices for drinks and bottle service so plan to spend some money.
MUCH better than TAO. It reminds me of XS but smaller. Crowd was nice, venue was nice, overall it was a good night! Try to guest list, if not paying for cover can be a pain in the pocket.. Decor was nice, and the atmosphere just topped it for me!
love, love, love this venue! The outside fountain and outdoor bottle service tables-ROCKS! Of course, drinks are ridiculously expensive but if you're a lightweight like myself; this will not be an issue. Good looking, nice crowd of peeps! Definitely one ofmy favorites!
More intimate than its bigger brother XS but just as awesome! And since they're part of the Wynn Group so they've all the best DJs coming through this joint.  In fact on July 20th they're hosting the MAD DECENT BLOCK PARTY with special guest Dillion Francis.  Pretty sure the roof is coming down that night plus this place has a god damn waterfall...nufsaid
Note: attended a corporate function here: Really beautiful setting, with private alcoves, around a beautiful waterfall.  Really nice food, staff was attentive and fun, and the bar well stocked.
Was here Sat/13 Jul about 11:30 pm.. - My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/   (3 Day Pass) wristband which got us in to Tryst without waiting in line and not having to pay a cover charge.. - The club is as posh as XS (which I'd say is the best Vegas club overall) and gorgeous with the waterfall behind the DJ booth.  Tryst is one Yelp star short of XS because it's a smaller venue (indoor and outdoor) so it gets crowded easily, smaller dance floor and there's no gambling tables (XS has several tables in their outdoor area).. - Security/staff was pretty cool.  We left about 11:50 pm and came back (with no probs having our re-entry stamps) about 1:40 am to see Lil' Jon who was making a Tryst guest appearance that night.
Good place, but for a club in Vegas it is kind of small. XS is very similar and much bigger than this place so it has tryst covered.
We went to Tryst last Friday 8-24. I love this club!!. . Let me first start by saying that this I my first LV club experience.  It was just my friend and I so we wanted a great trip and experience a club.  . . Ladies: make your Instagram account public and hashtag #vegas or #vegasbaby. Promoters will hit you up with numbers. Send them a text and get put on the guest list. We not only got in free but we also got two free drinks!! .  The club is a bit small but we had no problem dancing and having fun. All the staff was awesome and friendly.  There were people of all shapes and sizes here having a great time.  . . Remember it's Vegas so after your two comp drinks be ready to pay $12 a drink however the pours are generous.  . . I will be back to this club my next visit to Las Vegas!!!!
I enjoyed myself at Tryst but I didn't really care for the music which kinda puts a damper on someones experience at a club. Don't get me wrong the venue was nice; both inside and outside but looks only count for so much. . . One of the main reasons I am giving Tryst 4-stars is because they know how to treat the ladies. I went here for my sister's bachelorette party and we were treated quite well by the staff. We had no problems getting in which isn't really that surprising because we were a group of 10 ladies. Secondly, we were each given two drink tickets that had to be used before 1am which was easy enough. The bartenders didn't give us any fuss and were happy to celebrate with us.. . Overall. Cute place, friendly staff, good promos, but not really my spot.
The Mother of XS.. . For the calmer Hip Hop crowd of elegance, an older more chill group of people. It's the exact replica of XS. Tryst was the original club for the Wynn. After Encore was built, they cloned Tryst into XS and made it the Super Club of Vegas. . . I like how everything at Tryst and XS is so organized. From the front of the line to bottle service. Here's a little secret, if you don't already know (well for girls that is.). If you get into the club on the Promotion List, you'll first, get 2 drink tickets, then after 1am, you'll be able to walk over to XS and get in for free too. But it just depends on the day. If there's a huge DJ spinning, count your luck with Tryst.. . Play safe.
Flew into Vegas on a Thursday...was told that Tryst was the place to be on a Thursday night and boy they were right.  (When you go to Vegas you have to find out what clubs are hot on what days).  VIP area all around the dance floor.  Older crowd than XS.  Fun time!  Great music!  Althought XS is a wayyy nicer club, my best night in Vegas was at Tryst!!!!
