Monta delivered again with great ramen and gyoza. Still believe it to be some of the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.
I admit that Monta has the best ramen anywhere in Vegas.  The stuff they serve at Ichiza and Shuseki has nothing on them!  The noodles are fresh and the broth, whether tonkatsu, miso, or shoyu, is always steaming hot and extremely flavorful.  I appreciate that it's the real stuff and not the packaged, powder crap other places use.  . . Yes, Monta is a noodle house but their fried rice is just as good, if not better.  For someone who doesn't really like fried rice, I would come just for that.  Their gyoza was just okay.  I've had better.   . . Even though the place is (extremely) small, I like that it's cozy.  There was only one time when I actually had to wait for a table, but as always, the wait was worth it.  . . A basic bowl of ramen will cost you almost $8.  That's kind of steep, especially in the economy that we're in now.  An extra $1.50 for a hard boiled egg also seems a bit much, don't you think?  I guess it's really quality over quantity with this place. . . Four out of five stars because food quality is good, service is good, but pricing isn't the best.  This place is always a pleasure though.  If you haven't been, you probably should soon.
I've been coming to this place since they've opened.  I would give them 5 stars if I had reviewed them earlier, but as of late their broth has been overly salty.  However, I keep coming back for more since this is pretty much the only legitimate ramen shop that I know of in the Las Vegas Valley area.. . I usually order the miso ramen with nitamago, shredded green onions, and corn (sometimes I go wild and order butter too).  The broth is on the fattier side, and is rich and nutty.  Overall, this is a good bowl of ramen.. . Service is friendly and quick and their streamlined menu captures all the quintessential components of your basic ramen shop.
My experience with ramen is limited. There was a place near the Beverly Center in Los Angeles where I had some and liked it enough to return. The ramen at Monta is a whole other level of good. It's not only the best ramen I've ever had, it's the best Japanese food. My experience with Japanese food is that presentation is more important than flavor. That wasn't the case here. . We started with gyoza. These dumplings were tasty although maybe a tad too salty for me. Then our ramen soon arrived. I got the kontatsu with pork belly, green onions, egg and corn. The broth was tasty. A couple of different flavors going on. Quite savory. The noodles were perfect. Not overcooked and delicious. And all the toppings were good, too. . Janet got miso soup and was quite happy with her choice. She noted it was thicker than my soup.. It seems like a winner.. When we got there at 7 p.m. there were a couple of open tables and most of the bar was empty. By the time we left just after 8 p.m., every seat was taken, we had to push through a half dozen people standing at the door waiting to eat and another couple of cars pulled up with people going there to eat. It seems quite popular. Most of the people inside appeared to be of Japanese descent.
this place opens at 11:30am and we came at around 11:45 with no wait. by the time our food came (around noon), there's a wait already (small place plus the fact it's probably the only good ramen joint in vegas at good prices).  . . when you come in, look on the right, there's white board with the tonkotsu shoyu ramen on it for 6.95, this is the same as the menu, nothing special about it since everything is on the menu.  . . you can tell the ramen is not store bought cuz it's alot fresher and it's thinner than usual. the broth was good, but on the salty side.  had the pork belly rice bowl too, the meat was real tender but the sauce was on the salty side.  . . tip: if u wanna do lunch there, go early or really late since there will almost be a line there.  but overall a pretty good place to have lunch.
i love ramen! i finally got a chance to come check this place out when my co-worker and i had an extra long lunch break. i love that they have a really simple menu. i had the tonkotsu ramen and it was delicious. i wish they served hot tea though. quick service at lunch time. the place is really small and crowded when we went...however, it was peak lunch hour. pretty quick turnover though. i'll be back. =)
A nice little hole-in-the wall near Chinatown.  They serve really good ramen here.  I was a little doubtful when I first came, but this place is legit!. . They have four different broths (Tonkotsu, shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu-shoyu)  I've tried three of the four, but I have to say that the tonkotsu is my favorite!. . There's definitely a pork flavor, rich and soothing.  The soup is steaming when it comes out, but it makes it tasteeven better!  The pork they have is a little thinner than I would've preferred (due to the fragility when picking the meat up with chopsticks) but it's still so delicious.  I had my tonkotsu with the garlic mash that they have and a soft-boiled egg.  Perfect for a winter day!  The soup is great by itself, but every new topping that is added just gives more depth.. . I found that the broth gets saltier the longer it sits.  =(  It kind of sucks because by the time I finish the noodles, the broth is too salty for me to drink.  Can't wait to go back!
Got to agree with the previews reviewer. This place needs a working AC! I feel so bad for the people who work in the kitchen. It's like a sauna! Other than that, the food is decent.
Rick Moonen (Top Chef Master's contestant and owner of RM Seafood in Mandalay Bay) was spotted in this hole of a wall.. Despite how low his restaurant ratings are, the fact that he chose to eat at this specific noodle house says a little something something about their food. . . To keep this short and sweet: . - Friendly service. - Was a wait around 12:30 (prime lunch time) but still got seated and served within 30 min. - Tonkatsu ramen= perfect portions. I ended up slurping up more of the broth than the noodles which was very surprising (i never drink the broth). - Small fried rice seemed small at first for the four of us but was just the right amount with the ramen. . - Lots of ginger and garlic sauces for unlimited consumption. - parking lot big in plaza.  . I want more!!!
Monta is definitely one of the better ramen shops in Las Vegas. Its in the same strip mall as Raku on Decatur/ Spring Mtn. . . Monta reminds us of Japan's ramen shops...its all about order your food, eat your food, and get out, so the next group can eat. It's not a posh restaurant, minimal tables/ seats. The restaurant holds at most 30 people (5 tables of 4 seats and about 10 seats on the counter), so if you go with a large party, just sit wherever you can and when you can or you might be waiting for awhile.. . The menu is simple. Miso, Tonkatsu, or Shoyu ramen. My favorite is...all of them. Huge stock pots in the back have been boiling bones andveg for hours to create the backbone of their heavenly broth.  I seem to be on a tonkatsu ramen kick lately with its hearty broth... you could add some thickener to the broth and you would have a damn good gravy. They give you a good amount of ramen, a few slices of tender charsiu, bamboo, takenoko, green onions, half boiled egg, and kikurage. Its a solid meal for a cheap price, $7-8 and you can add other extras for a small price.. . Another favorite is their pork belly bowl. Its cheap and filling...not to mention very tasty. You get the thinly sliced pork served over rice in a small bowl garnished with beni shoga. Its tasty, fatty, and better when you get eat a little beni shoga (red pickled ginger) with it.. We always get a small bowl and share it.. . Their gyoza is good as is the kim chee fried rice. We need to try more of the items on their menu but we are creatures of habit and sometimes its hard to stray away from the  dishes that Monta is known for.. . Its easy to over order food at Monta. Because the ramen bowls are big...resist ordering other dishes unless you have a big party and you want to share. . . Monta is great on a hot day and better on a cold day!! . . Arooha!!!!!
Tiny hole in the wall that is located next to Raku.  It is Osaka style stringy ramen, swimming happily in a savory white Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) broth, not to be confuse with Tonkatsu (Pork Cutlet).  It is created from slow roasted pork bones. You can add sides such as corn, butter, pickled vegetables.  I asked for the roasted chastu pork, medium boiled egg and nori.  The roasted pork melts into the broth creating a symphony in your mouth and the egg was cook to perfection with the yolk still bright orange.. . This is definitely a place where I will come back again but it is like a typical ramen shop.  One thing Ihave to add is that, they do not serve very large portions, so if you're hungry be sure to get an appetizer.  Sits 20 people, the open at 11:30am and full house by 12:30.  Service was friendly and menu is basic and simple.
By far my favorite ramen in Las Vegas and the new Tonkotsu/Shoyu broth is the best.  Before that I would alternate and couldn't settle on one, but now it's perfect..  . The gyoza and chahan are great side dishes.  Service has always been good, and unlike a lot of other Japanese restaurants the staff is actually Japanese.. . The only downside is the restaurant (like all ramen joints) is small so there is usually a wait.
Unlike the former US Marine (ahem Tien N.) I give this place four stars. Although I haven't had the opportunity to eat authentic Japanese food in the land ot the rising sun, the food that is served at Monta is nonetheless delicious. If you had food in Japan and expect this place to be 100% authentic then you may be dissapointed. But if you eat it for what it is then I can promise you that you will not be dissappointed.. . It's like when you have expectations before you watch a movie at the theatre, then you will most likely be let down. But if you watch it for what it is then you will enjoy it, unless the movie completey sucks.. . I had the "Shoyu Ramen" with extra noodles, and the additions of the egg and pork. The broth was rich with lots of flavor, but the best part was the pork. It was so succulent and flavorful. I recommend adding the chili powder and the sesame seeds to your soup for even more flavor.. . Service was great and the food is served quickly. Only downside is the price, since all toppings for the ramen are extra charge, so by the time you add on 1-3 toppings you're looking at an average price of about $13 for a bowl. The restaurant is also very small, so prepare to wait for a while if the they're busy, which is most of the time.. . If you love ramen, authentic or not, definitely check this place out, it'll be worth your time.. . Monta Noodle House is so great I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
Great hangover food. Awesome ramen broth. Must also get pork belly rice when you're here. It's tasty, fatty, and simply the best. Their pork belly rice is even better than Daikokuya's! Planning to try their kimchi fried rice next time I'm back in town.
This is the best ramen noodle shop that I've been to in Las Vegas.  I have eaten at Kaigenro, Ichiza, and elsewhere, but this place is the best in my opinion.. . I like the tonkotsu ramen with extra pork.  The broth is great and the noodles are cooked well.  Thepork slice is thin and still has some fat layers on it, which adds to the flavor.  I don't get grossed out by it because it is YUMMY!  If you have a saltier taste bud, you might try the tonkotsu/shoyu broth combination.  Personnally, I like the regular tonkotsu best, but you won't go wrong with the combination broth.  I have also tried their gyoza, which was ok and nothing special, but hey, I'm here for the ramen and pork. =). . The only issue I have about this place is the price or serving size.  The ramen bowl is $6.99.  If you have a decent appetite, you'd have to order extra noodles ($1.50) or extra pork ($2.50), which is ok.  However, if you have a bigger appetite, you might have to order gyoza or other side dishes in addition, which can increase the overall cost of your meal.. . If you have tried Shinsengumi in LA, this restaurant is the most similar in taste.  I would come here again and again, but not if I am really hungry and don't want to pay for the extras.
I only get the Tonkatsu ramen here.  It's a rich, creamy broth served with awesome chasu (pork) and some pickled veggies.  I really am impressed with this broth as it just adds SO MUCH to the taste of their wonderful noodles. . . Think this is the top ramen place in Las Vegas.  Ichiza's is a bit bland - though it's probably much healthier.  Monta might be a little sparse on the veggies which is why I only give it 4 stars instead of 5.  Ramen, in my opinion, should be a little healthier than they make it.  Maybe that's just my Chinese preference rather than the way the Japanese do it.. . Still...you can't go wrong.  Get an extra egg too - cooked perfectly.
Coming from the Venetian, I was blissfully leaving the tourist sin otherwise known as Grand Lux Cafe to stumble into the gritty strip mall that houses Monta, just right down the street.  In my love-hate relationship with Vegas, things like this definitely belonged to the first category.  . . Two groups of very jovial Japanese business men occupied the cozy joint when we walked in.  They seemed right at home, joyfully exchanging conversations from across the restaurants to each other as well as the waitresses.  From the smiling eyes to the careless laughter, I make the speculation that they were tourists happy to have found Monta.  I've been there, that rare delight from finding a great Vietnamese restaurant somewhere completely unexpected.  . . It was a frigid night.  Lips cracked from the desert air, my mouth greedily welcomed the steaming broth of the Tonkatsu Ramen, rich with pork bone flavor and complimented with smooth strings of fresh noodles.  Had it been warmer weather, I'd have opted for the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen, a bit lighter with the mix-in of chicken-flavored Shoyu broth.  . . I could do without the pricey upsell of add-ons, but I still highly recommend them, especially the soft-boiled egg, corn, and seaweed.  You may end up spending nearly 10 bucks on ramen, but it's still a better choice than anything at Grand Lux
It was a pretty good place  and really authentic, I was just a little skeptical at first because I've never been to that plaza before.... . But that's not gonna stop me from going back:]. I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen, seemed like it's a favorite from the other yelp reviews, and a small pork belly bowl YUM! The ramen was very flavorful and i loved all the condiments that were on the table and im pretty sure we used up all the ginger! the only thing that kept from giving this place 5 stars is that i wanted more broth in my bowl lol. . The place is tiny and there was a wait to go in during lunch time. Service was friendly and you could tell from the atmosphere of this place that it is run by Japanese people. Yum! cant wait to experience ramenny goodness again.
great food, quick service, and friendly staff
Probably the best ramen house in Vegas. Compared to Shin-Sen-Gumi in California, this restaurant is okay. However, if you are a local and Vegas and you are eating that top ramen crap; you need to visit Monta and order yourself some real ramen. The price is reasonable, the service is good, the food is better. As a college student at Reno, I get excited to go back home just to eat real Asian cuisine like ramen from Monta and Korean BBQ.
Gone are the days of associating ramen with my poor college days. Sad to admit but I have only had the processed packaged type of ramen until my friend turned me on to Monta Noodle House. To even mention Monta's ramen in the same sentence as Top Ramen or Cup O' Noodles is blasphemous. . . I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen which I believe is their most popular dish. The broth is thick, cloudy, and jam packed with flavor. The noodles were perfectly cooked and tasted like they were made fresh onsite. There were a few slivers of pork and I added a soft boiled egg. My husband got the combination Tonkatsu and Shoya and it was just as yummy as my dish. It is interesting how many variations there are of ramen and how adding one ingredient changes the whole dish. . . Monta really is a hole in the wall restaurant because it could easily be missed in the shopping center. The restaurant is tiny so it is not recommended for large groups. This is a sit down, order, slurp up, and leave type of joint. I'm not sure if I'd frequent this place in the hot summer months but it definitely hits the spot when you want some warmth in your tummy.
Ramen = Happy belly. Eating here reminds me of Tokyo. Good Tonkatsu Ramen makes me want to PUNCH the people that invented Top Ramen and Cup O' Noodle IN THE FACE.. . In my opinion come hungry and pay for the extra toppings.
First review ever written and what a great place to rave about!. . At first, Monta looks reliable, its not too big and is in a very small and overlooked spot, which most good eats usually are.. . You walk in and it gives you a very homie feeling, despite its small size.  . . If you love ramen, this is the place to go!  The ramen is cooked to perfection and includes all the added ingredients that make any ramen craver beyond satisfied!  My personal favorite is the tonkotsu ramen with nitamago anda side of their gyoza!  Sooo Ono!. . Definitely a must visit!
Yet another great place off the strip in las vegas.  It was super cold and windy this weekend in vegas so felt like some soup.. . This ramen shop is great.   Its very small so you may have to wait a bit.  I went around 4pm on sunday and got the last 2 spots at the bar.. . I was very happy with my noodles and the broth.  Also ordered some gyoza and fried rice.  Each were great.  . . The gyoza were cooked great.  Steamed first and then fried crispy on one side.  The fried rice was also well made.  Not oily at all and had very good spices.. . The menu is not very big but it seems what is on it they do right.  I will be back again.  I just wish it was open 24x7.
Really no need for pics since yelpers have taken all the pics of every food item here. Nor is there a need for extensive reviews.  . . basically.... Small menu but very good food. That's all we want, right?  . . Shoyu Ramen, broth is much thinner than the Tonkatsu, but overall very good flavor for both entrees.  . . Not too thrilled over the mini Mentaiko that I thought was a must try. That side order was a doozy for us.  The ramen and gyoza was good enough to fill our lunch tummies....and then back to cali.  . . A great place to unwind the next morning after a long night being a fool at vegas strip and losing all your $. This place won't senselessly rob your wallet thinner than it already is.  Monta is kind of like a great cup of coffee the morning after a serious hang over.  Beware the wait could be long since the sitting area is very very small!
I was so happy when they opened this place. There are so many back in cali but i havent seen any here in vegas until monta.  the place is small and menu is simple. but simple usually means that everything should taste great.  all the stuff i order i really enjoy. you can add extras such as corn, extra meat, etc. to your ramen. they have this new flavor tonkasu-shoyu ramen and that is my favorite.  they make their gyoza fresh and they are really good but expensive considering i can buy a entire bag from the store for the same price.. . if you are craving noodles and soup this is a nice change up from pho.
I've had the ramen here both eat in and take out and I love it. I've also had the gyoza. I think it's great. Is it like "Ippudo in NYC good"?  No. Is it "Some of the best ramen I've had"?  Yes.. . As long as I'm in Vegas and looking for ramen, this will be the place I go... hands down, bar none.
I thought it was tasty. You'll have to add toppings a la carte style. Good service. Check out my ramen pic. Enjoy!
Having been to Japan I can say this ramen is on par. I have been looking for a good ramen place in town and this one looks to be a keeper. The shoyu ramen rocks my world. The broth was light and the noodles cooked al dente. I got mine with extra pork, butter and corn. Slurped it right up. Since I am a bit picky, I usually end up picking out the bamboo shoots, green onions and kikurage.. . Not a big fan of the gyoza, a little too many vegetables in them for a carnivore like me.  My mom really enjoyed her tonkotsu ramen. She also went with extra pork as well as nitamago and takana mustard leaf. My bf always gets the miso broth. This time he went for extra noodles in addition to usual his add-ons of pork and egg.. . Both times I have been so far has been on a weekend for late lunch. The first time, we didn't wait very long but we did end up sitting at the bar. There were a fair amount of people waiting the second time but they moved fast and the wait for us was reasonable. I would really like to see how they do on a weekday for lunch since it is a hop skip and a jump away from my work.
This place is awesome. Super Japanese style. This place gets packed real fast but you know what it's worth the wait. I love the tonkotsu ramen with the nitamago and i add the grated garlic. Sooo good. The soup is thicker than the other ramens they have there. I had a thicker soup before @ tenkaippin in Oahu. But the tonkotsu is nice and salty, noodles are thin which I wish was a little bit fatter. I guess I like soggy noodles? But anyway they have toppings like chashu, green onion, bamboo, etc that's automatically on there. Omg chashu melts in your mouth! I always add the nitamago and sometimes corn. I've never had nitamago til I came to this place and I have to say that I love it!! I just love that first bite in to the noodles and then chashu and then nitamago. oh and their fried rice is awesome too! Service is fast and they are all so nice. I would actually rate this place 4.5
Delicious broth, fresh noodles and affordable. Don't know of any ramen place in Vegas so this is a must try if you are a ramen fan! The pork belly rice bowl was also super yummy!
Found Monta in February and fell in love with it.  It's a good sign when there's a line and the majority of the people in line and inside are Japan Japanese.  You can't find tonkotsu ramen like this in Hawaii.  It reminded me of Japan.  In fact Monta surpassed some ramen that I've had in Japan (and I've had my share of ramen).  . . The soup is perfect.  Milky pork bone flavor without being too salty or too fatty.. . The noodles are tasty and cooked to perfection.  Kaedama (Noodle refill) available too.. . The chashuu is the best I've had anywhere.  Blew away Menya Kissou in Tokyo, my previous fav.  Melts in your mouth.. . The nita tamago wasn't that good.  Passed on it the second time.  Still cold when served which didn't go well with a hot bowl of noodles.  Hence the 4 stars.. . Spent 2 of my 5 lunches here while in Vegas.
Service here is hit or miss. Sometimes excellent, sometimes not so attentive. I've eaten here about 9 or 10 times, and I noticed that it is server dependent. There are 2 servers that seem to consistently let me down, where as the other 2 are always great and work together well to make sure they always check up on us.. . The Chasu (bbq pork) here is quite good, IMO it is better than the chasu at the well known Daikokuya in Los Angeles. Oddly, they have 2 different types of ramen noodles here that are ASSIGNED to the type of broth you choose and they will NOT let you choose the other noodles with a different broth. I prefer the noodles they use in the miso ramen, but normally prefer a combination of tonkatsu and shoyu broth. The lack of flexibility is a bit upsetting and leaves the foodie in me yearning for food MY WAY. . . Fortunately, I tried all of their fried rices and rice bowls and have been pretty happy with all of them. My favorite is the pork belly bowl. YUM!!! I add a bit of the crushed garlic, chili oil, and japanese chili flakes to make it absolutely scrumptious. If you like pork (who doesn't), you MUST try this.
This is a small ramen place, they open at 1130 and expect it to be full by 11:45 most days.. . They have a small collection of broth options, but the pork bone based one is the best. Get an extra order of the Chasu Pork, because it's unbelievably good. Inexpensive, fast and delicious ramen.  Best in Las Vegas in my opinion.
So I was nursing a Las Vegas hangover (you know, still drunk at 9 am kinda hangover) by lying in fetal position in the back of the car, clutching a gigantic bottle of powerade, and damning myself for my excessive behavior (hey, only in Vegas!). My cousin said she that she had the perfect hang over cure.. "Jamba Juice?" I groaned painfully.. "No, we're going to Monta.". The thought of food made my stomach churn.. We walked in and were seated at one of the bigger tables. I made it a point to sit next to the wall so I can rest my head. I asked for a hot tea, and alas they serve no hot drinks. Sorry, one star off for that one.. I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen. Even just the smell of the broth was oh so soothing - I felt my headache fade away with every slurp of the soup and ramen. From my understanding, they put great care into their broth by letting it boil down for hours. It is creamy, salty, and hot. Essentially, a perfect cap to a crazy night. The noodles were quite delicious too - it was slightly crispy and went very well with the soup. Tonkatsu comes with two pork pieces. You can order extra sides to put in your ramen (I felt like corn that day), but they do charge you.. I also had a side order of fried rice, which I thought was very salty. It is good, but it needs something to offset the saltiness.. The service was also prompt, and our server was quite cheery and polite.  The boys at our table kept mentioning how cute she was too.
Ramen done right!  The ramen here is incredible. Great service in this tiny little gem and fantastic ramen.  Search it out and make yourself Happy!
Food: 4 stars. Service: 3.5 stars. Value: 4 stars. . Our friend suggested this little ramen place because it has pretty good reviews on Yelp. The ramen with two thin slices of pork,and the broth were very tasty. The portion was decent and the price was very affordable. I was happy about this place and it definitely made it into my "must go in Vegas" list.
Attention: This is NOT the ramen you ate in college, it's about 1000x better.  The Tonkatsu I had tonight was delicious, and the pork they serve with it was flavorful, buttery, and fell about when you tried to pick it up, in other words, perfect.  The noodles were done perfectly, to what most would consider al dente, and held up really well to the broth.  I got a side of kim chi to go with it, and they paired really nicely.  It's a small restaurant in the back of a strip mall in Chinatown, but if you don't mind the drive and maybe missing it once or twice, I would say you need to go here at least once to try good ramen if you haven't had it before.
With the exception of Daikokuya in L.A.,  Monta Noodle House has the best  Ramen I've ever had. It's a small, out of the way place with very friendly staff and great prices for the quality of food. I've added Monta to my mandatory stops whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
Monta is an authentic Japanese ramen restaurant. From the moment you enter its cramped, busy little space with a cheerful greeting from the staff to the satisfied feeling of a bellyful of delicious ramen it's a wonderful experience. The ramen is on-par with the real stuff in Japan, and the Tonkotsu and Miso varieties are especially good. The gyoza and fried rice leave a bit to be desired but as this is primarily a ramen restaurant that can be forgiven. The beer is cheap too, with Asahi on tap for about $2.95 a glass. All in all it's a wonderful experience and if you are looking for authentic ramen in Las Vegas this is your best bet.
Awesome... . The place was packed at lunch and you know a place is good when the waiting area is standing room only and the folks waiting are staring at you to finish. Max occupancy is like 40 ppl. I had the Tonkatsu Ramen... the broth was awesome and the pork was tender and very tasty. Not too salty as others have said. Beware, the menu is very limited.. just the ramen and a couple rice bowls. I would definitely be back but at an off meal hour.... eating is no fun when people are drooling watching you eat your meal and standing over you waiting for you to finish. (4 stars only because of the cramped atmosphere)
Easily on par with the best ramen houses LA has to offer.  Distance from my house (5 hrs if the CHP are being assholes) is just about the only thing stopping me from getting fat here (Oh wait, I'm already fat).  And as someone who up until recently had only eaten inside the hotels, the prices are HELL FREAKING AWESOME! (As in reasonably cheap :)
Simply Delish!!!! so I've been on a noodle soup phase as of late, and coming from Phoenix where we lack many ramen shops this place fit the bill! LOVED it! the menu's simple four type of ramen soups, gyoza, and six side items. SIMPLE and really good!! I got the Tonkatsu ramen, the broth was so flavorful, wasn't greasy and it tasted just right, I got an extra order of Chashu pork and ordered the ramen as is. The serving size was plenty! we also ordered gyoza, at Monta you're able to mix all the necessary ingredients for the gyoza dipping sauce and make it spicier if you want. Anyways, my overall experience was great, and I will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas.
I had the tonkotsu ramen. The broth is on the salty side but that's the way it should be. It should be salty and silky. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the chashu was heavenly! It's the best chashu I've had!. . If people want a less salty broth, then I would suggest trying the shoyu ramen or the combo (tonkotsu shoyu).. . Btw, it's tonkOtsu not tonkAtsu. Tonkatsu is breaded, deep-fried pork cutlet. Get it straight people!
Holy crap..this place was good.. . I went there around lunch time and the place looked like it was going to blow up.  The restaurant is very small and it was jampacked.  I'm talking like elbows to elbows.This might annoy some people, but in a way I found it to be charming and like any standard ramen venues you will find in Japan.  It's as real as it gets, as for the venue at least.  As for the ramen, it gets even better.. . I waited about 10-15 minutes, sat down, placed my order and waited for about 10 minutes for the ramen to come out.  Not bad, considering there was a lot people in the restaurant.. . The ramen was so, so tasty.  Not too hot, the noodles were juicy, and the soup was not salty nor sweet.  I have tried Japanese ramen many times in the past, and I notice that the ramen is ruined because the ramen is too salty or there's too many damn vegetables floating around.  Luckily, for the ramen here at Monta, it was all love.  I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu, and it was pretty damn good.. . The service was speedy, but great nonetheless.  The waitress took our orders, filled our waters, and gave me the check as soon as I asked for it.  All in all, great experience.. . I wanna point out that this is a ramen house, so don't expect a variety in their menu.  They have some chicken bowls and gyozas, yeah, but nothing like sushi or whatever.  You won't be wanting it anyway, the ramen steals the show.. . PRO: The ramen is great, service is speedy, food comes out quick. CON: May get a bit crowded, might have to wait 10-30min on peak hours
Ramen flows in my bloodstream. I'm selective with ramen and I know when it's good. This un-nutritious sodium filled bowl of broth and noodles can make or break my day.. . Nothing will beat great ramen houses in LA or NY, but being in Vegas, finding a good ramen joint is satisfaction. Monta ramen is located in Chinatown off Spring Mountain.. . I opted for the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen  6.95. Tonkotsu-Shoyu ("pork bone and special shoyu base") Ramen has a cloudy white colored broth. The broth is like a mix of the Tokyo and Kyushu style blend.. . I added green onions and hard boiled eggs.. . I prefer the thicker broth and it delivered. It was creamy but not overly fatty. The eggs were cooked to perfection with a moist yolk. The noodles weren't undercooked. I had extra noodles afterwards for $1.50. . . In the end, I was filled with pleasure and satisfaction. It wasn't the perfect bowl of ramen but I left satisfied.
YUM YUM YUM...YUMMY Alert!!!  Me and my fiance finally checked this place out and have eaten there two more times. When you finally find it in this strip mall the whole in the wall is a treasure. You can tell you are there because there is always people waiting out side and cars all around the one door.. . This place is SMALL and HOT! There is a little wrap around bar that holds about 6-8 people and then maybe 5 tables. It is warm in there but no one seems to care. Everyone just eats there hot ramen noodles in the hot restaurant.. . The ramen is so yummy! Get the egg added to your soup. That is the only add on I would recommend. I have had two of the broths and they are so rich and yummy.  You really cannot go wrong. . . This place is NOODLEISH!
I've been to some premium ramen joints in North America (Kintaro in Vancouver BC and Ippudo in NYC), so I definitely came in here with tempered expectations.  In addition to the traditional Japanese greeting by the staff as you come in and an open kitchen view of the chefs preparing the food, what struck me was the significant number of older Japanese business men who had come in with their suits folded against their shoulders on a blistering hot summer day to order a steaming bowl of noodles!  That clued me in this was perhaps the real deal.. . Being my first time here, I went with the Tonkatsu ramen, which is ramen in pork broth stewed for several hours.  Bonus points for speed since I could have sworn my entree arrived within 2 minutes from the time I ordered.  Step one is tasting the broth:  the broth was at once unctuous and velvety smooth with intense flavors of marrow and porkified goodness without seeming overtly greasy/oily.  . . Moving onto the noodles, there should definitely be some spring when you chew on the noodles and these were definitely on par with the other places I've visited with just the right amount of "al dente" and some umami embedded within the noodles themselves.  . . Finally there's the pork which is marinated in soy and cut paper thin with a thin lining of fat that has condensed into a perfect strip of pork belly perfection that is just right for the creamy broth it is bathed in since any more would cause the pork to loose it's distinct note.  The basic order also includes some bamboo shoots and kikurage (japanese seaweed) and it is a steal of a deal at 6.99, but I think what would have completed my experience was the addition of a few toppings such spring onions or mustard greens (for a few bucks more) to cut through the richness of the broth and add some additional textures and color.  There is also the option to add a hard-boiled egg or to get an extra serving of noodles if you're needing something more substantial.. . All in all, definitely an authentic joint that measures up to the greats and will be somewhere I will frequent again and again especially during the colder months.
Thank you Yelp!!! After a disasterous meal at Ichiza the night before, Monta was a refreshing change.. . The ramen bowls aren't super huge but the food is delicious! I ordered the hiyashi chuka special on the board (cold noodles) with ponzu sauce and no mustard. The noodles were deliciously chewy and the dressing hit the spot. It came with a large portion of shredded egg omelette, cucumbers, tomatoes, and their awesome chasu.. . We also had the pork belly bowl to share and it was awesome! The pork was tender and juicy. . . Tonkotsu ramen had broth that had good depth.. . Come here early or you'll have to wait since the tables and seats are very limited!
I've only been here a few times, and I enjoyed a lot eating the ramen, I always order the Tonkotsu since it's the best one, according to my friends.. The ramen sure taste good, but the only bad thing is that it's too salty for me. The place is really small so it's really packed when it's busy. I like how I get to see the kitchen when eating :] . I think this is the best ramen place in Vegas, and I will always come here to eat ramen, but it's not the best in U.S. (I like the one in little tokyo more)
Was visiting for a few days, why oh why did I wait until my last day  shere?  Tonkatsu ramen was creamy and savory at the same time, delicious!  Gyoza was also memorable.. . What I wish were not so memorable were the waitresses yelling the orders to the kitchen.  Please don't yell over my head, why don't you actually start shouting out the order to the kitchen when you have completed your short walk over there instead?
Excellent place for noodles. I mean, really really good. It was hot as heck in Vegas and we still went to go get noodles for lunch. Place gets packed pretty early on, but well worth the wait. . . Vegas has Monta, LA has Hakata Ramen Shin-Sen-Gumi.
Small ramen house - max occupancy is 26 people. Thus there is going to be a wait for a table or a seat at the bar. As most people mention, it is worth the wait. The waitresses are friendly and efficient. We ordered ramen but also gyoza and fried rice. I liked the fact that everything came out at the same time, which is not the case at some restaurants. . . The tonkatzu broth is richer and hearty, while the shoyu (soy sauce based) broth is clearer. Comes with basic toppings and if you want more (noodles, pork) or additions like corn and kim chee, it's an add-on.. . Overall, great bowl of ramen with good texture noodles (not overcooked) with friendly, efficient service. I'll have to try the pork belly bowl next time.
When you think of ramen you would think Cup 'O' noodles but after coming here for the first time I will never think of ramen the same way again. The place is pretty small and seats about about 30 people, but from what I've heard from people that have been to Japan the look and feel of the place would be your typical ramen house. The first time I visited Monta was with a group of 6 and the wait wasn't that bad considering it was during lunch and the place was pretty packed. I also liked the fact that you can sit at the counter in front of the cooks so you can see all the action going on in the kitchen.. . The food here is awesome, from the ramen to the gyoza to the pork belly bowl all are simple dishes with outstanding flavor. I've tried both the Shoyu and the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen the only difference was the broth where the tonkotsu was a pork bone flavored broth. In both they put slices of pork which have been slowly braised to the point it melts in your mouth. So if you're a pork lover this is the place to come check out. The noodles are cooked to perfection and by watching the cooks they use a fresh noodles in which they cook to order. The texture combination of the soft pork and the chewy noodles makes you want more and more.. . I guarantee you will never pick up the package ramen ever again after you've visited Monta. So if your looking for a quick bite and want quality Japanese ramen come check out Monta it will make you say "cup 'o' what???"
it was so crowded i ordered take out. it was one of the best and one and only japanese ramen place i found in Vegas coming from Hawaii which have ramen houses all over the island. the tonkotsu broth was so creamy and good and the mentaiko rice bowl was delicious. i would definetly go back everytim i crave ramen or a nice soup broth to warm you up
My fiance and I craved something lighter the morning after having the Bellagio buffet the night before so we ventured out to the chinatown area and we love noodle soups so we decided to try Monta Noodle House for some ramen since it had decent Yelp reviews!. . Wow what a gem!  The place was very small and there were about 6 parties waiting already less than a hour of this place opening up.  The place only seats about 35 people, but we figure the turnaround should be quick being a noodle house and we are glad we waited!. . We decided to share a Tonkotsu ramen with a hard boiled egg, got a bowl of extra ramen (too bad it didn't come with extra broth though), we tried the gyoza as well, and the takana fried rice.  Excellent ramen!  Was not overly salted and had great flavor.  The gyoza was very tasty.  I think the biggest surprise came with the takana fried rice.  This was a mix of vegetables and there was definitely a spicy kick to it which was just right, not overpowering, not overseasoned.. . We were very pleased with this noodle house and definitely wouldn't mind coming back here whenever we are in Vegas.  This location is cash only.. . . 4 - Ambiance (very small, plain, hole in the wall noodle house). 7 - Service (decent service, very fast paced work). 10 - Price (cannot beat the price of a quality ramen place like this). 7 - Portions (portions were ok, smaller than ramen places we are used to). 9 - Quality (great tasting food, the takana rice was excellent). . Lunch: Sat. Sep 3, 2011
This is what I call GOOD RAMEN. This place is quaint and cute nestled away in a little shopping center off of Spring Mountain. It is SMALL so there may be a wait around peak times. That's probably the only downside. But it's definitely worth it.. . They had four ramen to choose from: tonkatsu (pork bone), shoyu, miso, or tonkatsu-shoyu. All of which come with the basics: chashu (pork slices), bamboo shoots, green onions, and kikurage mushrooms. You have the option to add "extras" to personalize your ramen.. . I had the tonkatsu-shoyu ramen with a boiled egg (as an extra). In retrospect, I should have ordered extra chashu -- which I recommend you do if you like pork. The meat was so tender and melt-in-your-mouth that the two slices the bowl comes with wasn't nearly enough! The broth was very tasty and not too salty like how some ramen can be.. . They have other side dishes (gyoza, fried rice, etc) but I have a feeling those aren't the reason people come here. They're simply there as fillers. Stick to the star of the place: ramen of course!. . This is definitely the place I will come to to satisfy my ramen cravings that I get once in a while. I have a feeling as soon as winter hits, I will definitely be frequenting this place for the warm deliciousness that is Monta Ramen :)
Fantastic food!  My favorite is the Ton Katsu Shoyu Ramen bowl.  You definitely need to be hungry to finish it as the bowl is huge.  The broth is a mix of the two styles of broth from Japan; a bit sour but with the miso taste in it.  Four stars as while I've no complaints on the food, and they also have a liquor liscence which is cool, the restaurant only seats about 24 so if you want to eat, be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes when the place is full (and it always is).  If you get there about 5 minutes before it opens you'll be able to get a seat; getting your bill is also a bit of a challenge but overall a great experience.  Lastly, the service has been dropping off as of late; for such a small place getting your bill shouldn't be so hard.
Good ramen in Vegas.
This place is very simple. The wait is kinda a bug. But if you didn't come to mess around, the Shoyu ramen is very tasty. Also had the Kimchi fried rice and the freshly made gyoza. It's a dive I would love to come back to.
My fiance and I visited Vegas over the Labor Day weekend.  We had the Bellagio buffet and the next day we figure we would get something light and soupy so we checked out yelp around the area for noodle soup and Monta popped up the search with very high ratings.. . Located on Spring Mountain Road, this hidden gem is well tucked away in a strip mall.  It's comfort food for my fiance and I especially after the Bellagio buffet dinner on the night before.. . The place was very small and there were people waiting when I got there.  They won't sit you unless all of your party are present which is nice so no one can hog up the table.. . We ordered Tonkotsu ramen with extra ramen, and flavored egg, gyoza and takana fried rice.  Everything was excellent.  The takana fried rice was very different than the regular Japanese fried rice.  It has a very nice kick to the taste too.  My fiance and really enjoyed the food and would definitely come back whenever we are in town!. . The place is cash only.
I've tried all, most recent, tonkotsu-shoyu. I think I like that combination the best. I love it with that soft boiled egg.. nom.. I took my parents there recently, mom had the miso which was good but bit too salty for our taste, dad ordered kim chi fried rice, I thought it was ok, I wouldn't order it again. Whenever I go to Monta, I'm there for their ramen, nothing else!!. . Only thing I find it odd is that they don't give out hot water as a drink as my mom requested for it..
Monta Noodle House is an exceptional rarity, especially in a desert locale like Las Vegas. This place is popular with both locals and tourists (in my case, I am simply an out of towner). . . Although not nearly as amazing as Shinsengumi or Daikokuya in my hometown of LA, Monta is a great alternative if you find yourself hankering for a satisfying bowl of ramen after a long drive to Vegas. I opted for a classic bowl of ramen with slices of pork char siu, and it totally hit the spot for me. . . If you ever decide to skip out on the numerous fast food chains in Barstow, be sure to pay Monta Noodle House a visit. You'd be glad you did!
I've been to ramen places all over from LA, SF, Hawaii and more, and I am a fan of Monta. It definitely has similar quality of ramen compared to many of the other places that I frequent in LA and SF. I ordered the basic staple of Tonkatsu ramen. The broth was very good, not too greasy or salty, but a great combination of pork flavors. The noodles were also well cooked, not too soft or al dente. Then comes the best part, the large pork pieces that are placed in the ramen. They are thinly sliced with a portion of fat that just makes it taste so good. I always want more, and often do order extra pork for my ramen, since they usually only give you about 2-3 pieces and after youhave them, you want more. The ramen also comes with some other ingredients and if you start adding some extra ingredients, the cost of your bowl of ramen will add up (including a soft-boiled egg, extra noodles, some vegetables, and more). Overall, this is a quality ramen joint that I will definitely go back to again.
This is now one of my favorite places to eat at when I'm in Vegas!  A great place to eat at if you like ramen or want to eat something other than pho while you're in Chinatown.  . . I came here for dinner after spending some time at the pool before getting ready for a long night ahead.  I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen and added corn and a hard boiled egg.  The broth was very flavorful, I couldn't stop eating.  I added chili oil to my bowl for a kick because I like it spicy.  . . Good meal to have when you need to recover from partying, even in the heat!
Ramen was yummy. Pork belly bowl was yummy. Gyoza was yummy. No complaints.
Mmmmm...
If you're sensitive to salt, then I would recommend you stay away from the ramen. I like salt, so the ramen was fine with me. It's very hearty and just hits the spot. Even if you can't enjoy the ramen, come here and try their rice dishes, they're pretty good. . . All in all, it's a good spot to hit up the morning after a night of intense hardcore drinking.. . Recommendation: Fried Rice
If you got a hankering for authentic traditional Japanese ramen then this is the place for you, and its affordable. I'd recommend getting their early because it fills up fast. Staff is friendly and the food comes in a timely manner. The ramen itself was cooked perfectly and I'd recommend ordering the tonkatsu ramen. I only wish they had more items on their menu.
Monta was recommended by a friend. The place is small so bigger parties  would not be recommended since the restaurant wont be able to fit 20 diners in one area.. Monta is constantly packed so waiting in line has to be factored in.. The restaurant emulates that  of the Japanese noodle house small places with an open kitchen.  As soon as we ordered from the menu which  a small selection of food you can definitely tell why the PLACE  IS CONSTANTLY packed. The quality of the food is excellent, the soups, the Gyoza and the Kim Chi fried rice are really good. I would definitely recommend everyone to try this Restaurant out.
Always stop by Monta for ramen when we are in town.  They serve up some tasty ramen.  I usually order the miso although the tonkatsu is tasty as well.  The gyoza is good too.  I ordered a small rice bowl one time but the ramen is enough and I struggled to finish both.
Love this place. Attentive and friendly service. I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, which was delicious -- and opted for the extra noodles (only for those with big appetites, I didn't need to add). Ramen starts at $6.95 -- one of the best meals I have had recent memory for the dollar. Gyoza were also delicious.. . Would return -- Daikokuya (in LA) and Monta are the best ramen places I have found outside of NYC.. . Would return.
Pork Belly bowl will warm your belly. Ramen GOOD!
a very good place for japanese ramen noodles. this place can get busy as it is popular as well. prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. i would go back to this place.
I went back to Monta today and I must say, it was different from the first time that I went! Maybe they just had an off day! Regardless, this place is always busy for a reason! Check it out! Fried rice ftw!
Although my own House serves up a pretty bowl of Ramen (and NOT the prepackaged kind), Monta Noodle House is my "go to" place when I don't have the right ingredients on hand. The shoyu-tonkotsu broth with added corn, soft boiled egg, and nori perfectly warms my belly on those chilly Vegas nights.  With chili sesame oil, ginger, and garlic- I am in noodle soup heaven. . . The bowl is just the right size for me (and I can eat), but my husband thinks it is just not enough.  Therefore, he must add 2 orders of pork slices and more noodles, and a  small order of pork belly and rice to fulfill his grumbling stomach.  Thus, what was supposed to be a cheap soup dinner because a lot pricier. It is a small restaurant with about 5 tables and seats at the counter, but the turn around is pretty quick since the menu is very simple.
I've eaten here once and though a bowl of Japanese soup noodles isn't usually my first choice for dinner, Monta has really good grub.  I was with 3 of my LA friends (who have plenty of eating experience in LA's Little Tokyo) and they also thought the food was excellent.
Excellent place for some good ramen.  Also, ordered the small pork belly bowl.  It wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  It was small slivers of the pork belly with rice, pink ginger , and scallions.  Thought it would just be the big chunks of the pork belly.  It was tasty, but would not order it again.  Instead, order the extra cha siu for your bowl.  This was the best tasting cha siu I have ever had at a ramen place.  It was moist and had some fatty goodness in it.  Yum!
This is my first review so be gentle! I would like to say I came in here at a very good time! From what I hear, it's a densely crowded place with a bit of a wait, but I didn't wait and had a nice seat with my friends! This took place on a Saturday night as well, mind you.. . Service was so-so, but goes well with a small shabby place such as Monta. Shabby, but CLEAN. It reminded me very well of the corner noodles houses they have in Japan. Stepping into Monta reminded me of the times I stayed in Japan during hot summers and cold autumns. . . I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen. Dericious aromatic smell, and served hot. I could say I enjoyed every bite and every piece of pork in this ramen! (Mind you, I am not a pork fan.) I believe Monta deserves a first-timers graced visit, so check em out! :)
I enjoyed a nice bowl of shoyu ramen here. The charsiu was tasty but could be better if it was cut a little thicker. Still, I will definitely be back for more!
I heart Monta!! Another one of the restaurants in my winter rotation. I've tried the shoyu, shoyu-tonkatsu, and tonkatsu ramen and hands down I like the rich fatty tonkatsu broth the best! However, I'm not a big fan of the thin noodles that come standard with that option....because the noodles become less than al dente as I work my way down the bowl.  To fix this little issue, I have them swap out the noodles for the miso or "curly" noodles to ensure al dente goodness.  The charsiu (pork) slices are one of the best parts of the ramen....it only comes with two slices....so make sure you order extra if you like meat :) As for the little extra bottles of goodies on the table....I always add the chili oil, sesame seeds, togarashi (red pepper flakes), and the garlic paste.... pickled ginger is also available but too strong in flavor for my taste.  Also, for the big carb loaders out there...make sure you save some soup at the end...you can request extra noodles for less than $2.  . . Although the ramen is good relative to Vegas....better than Ichiza, Shuseki, Anime ramen, Yokohama kaigenro...it won't compare to the ramen places like Ipuddo in NYC.. . Only negative notes are that sometimes the broth is too salty...and they want you to eat and go...so you'll have to find somewhere else to hang out after you are in a food coma...my recommendation is to venture over to Wendy's noodle and order the mango tapioca dessert with coconut milk...for a nice finish to lunch. Prices are pretty reasonable around $10 if you add some of the extras listed at the bottom of the menu.
First night in town and we headed straight over to Monta House.  Of course, it was packed; we were already prepared for that and waited the 45 minutes to be seated.  This is a small joint that seats no more than 30 at a time I would estimate - I didn't sweep the room and take a head count, so that's my ballpark estimate.  It's probably the good-sized living room w/their kitchen incl'd for the whole place.. . Their menu and selection is straightforward and simple:  3 types of noodle broth and you pick and add the extras you want in there.  Each of the 3 soups come with green onions, two slices of cha siu, bamboo shoots and kikurage.  You pay anywhere from 50 cents to two bucks for addt'l toppings.  They also have gyoza and varieties of fried rice & pork belly bowl - yummm!. . I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with extra helpings of Cha Siu and Nori.  First sip of the broth and ohhh was I in my happy place!  The combination of the tonkatsu pork bone / fat with the Shoyu soy sauce made for a flavorful rich, creamy and salty soup.  I was quite happy that I ordered extra servings of the cha siu.  Let me tell you that was one of the best slices of pork I've ever had.  They simply just melted in my mouth and the taste with the broth made it simply superb for the entire experience.. . Definite must return the next time we're back and I'd give my recommendation to anyone as well.  Expect the long wait and you'll also have to put up with some cramped seating arrangements and limited elbow room - you're not going to get anything more than 5 persons to a table.  Aside from that, not to forget at the verly least, service was very good and friendly.
Holy crap the miso ramen is really salty. The broth is still good though..you can really taste the miso. My sister had the tonkatsu ramen, which was much less salty, so I liked it more than the miso. Both soups were yummy. It's amazing how they get the broth to be so creamy without any butter!. . Kimchi rice is meh, it wasn't as kimchi-y as I would have liked it to be.. . FYI: they have different noodles for each broth. The miso ramen has a thicker, chewier noodle (dericious) while the tonkatsu ramen has a thinner noodle that I didn't really care for. I didn't do this, but you could probably ask for the thicker noodle + the tonkatsu broth! . . Try to go early to avoid lines! We went around 6 PM, and by the time we left (630), there was a long line outside the door. Everyone seems to be in and out pretty fast, though.
The ramen was delicious, noodle was bouncy and soft at the same time.  The broth is okay, some say its salty and others say its just perfect so its personal preference.  One thing that got the big mark down is the amount of meat they give you,  two freaking pieces, really now, its really lacking because of this, but overall, still yums.
This place is to die for.  Everyone I bring here either finish their entire huge bowl of noodles or in my husband's case, eat my bowl as well.  Their choice of broths are all flavorful with varying degrees of heaviness/lightness.  The pork is to die for.  The non noodle dishes look great as well but I can't tear myself away from the noodles. Since it's cold out right now, nothing hits the spot more than a bowl of hot flavorful noodles.  Be sure to get there early, before 11:30 if you're going there for lunch because there's always a line out the door.
This is probably the most FATTIEST, yet most flavorful and tender tonkatsu I've ever eaten.. .  Make sure you get the tonkatsu ramen with thick, aka "curly" noodles, nori, and some corn for that crunchy texture.  Yum-o.. . And here's a tip: don't pack your leftovers and eat it cold on the way back to California in the car...this stuff turns into a fatty, thick, sludgy stew that's pretty unappetizing.
My friend and I first came to Monta via the public transportation bus and I do not regret waiting in the cold for 20 minutes and another 20 minutes at the restaurant for a table. I was soooooo relieved that Monta did not disappoint as I was also feeling a bit guilty for making my friend wait so long with me.. . Their ramens are surprisingly good and the broth is flavorful, but not overly heavy. I ordered the tonkatsu broth with chashu and egg. The chashu was fork tender and I really appreciated that the yolk was not fully cooked. We also LOVED their Mentaiko bowl. The scallion, nori and touch of soy with the mentaiko was a match made in heaven. We went back on our last night in Vegas just to have it for the last time. . . Making the trek to CT for Monta is so worthed it. The bill plus tip and RT taxi fare will be cheaperthan any comparable restaurant you find on the strip.
Ordered the MisoShoyu ramen which was pretty good but pretty salty.  Flavor is good and meat is fatty.  Noodles aren't as "bouncy" as daikokuya or santouka but for $7 in vegas a few minutes from the strip...non c'e male!
I will admit - I am far from ramennoodle expert.  However, I will say that was a damn good bowl of soup!  This is a great place for a quick lunch.. . I had the tonkotsu - shoyu with extra meat and an egg.  Also, an order of Goyza.. . The pork was so good - it was tender and delish!  The broth was savory.  I would have liked to see more noodles in the soup, but hey...  Lotsa flavor and texture.  The goyza was good too.. . It is a small place.  They have 28 seats jammed in there!  They turn some tables here, so don't go there thinking you are going to sit back and relax.  . . I guess semantically this is a fast food place because you get food fast and you even eat the food fast!  But it is not fast food that you normally think of.  I would say that this is real good fast food.
I have died and gone to Ramen Heaven. Enough said. Four stars only because they are in need of added square footage. Small and gets crowded. BUT worth every minute of the wait. Done yelping...back to grubbing. Mmmmmmmmmm
Cool, cozy, legit, tasty.
Best Ramen in Vegas. This isn't your 25cent pack of Ramen from the grocery store. It's the real deal.  Cloudy broth with hot noodles and delicious slices of roasted pork.. . Choice of 4 Ramen bowls. Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Tonkotsu-Shoyu (combination), and Miso.. My favorite is the Tonkotsu-Shoyu, best of both worlds!  Full of flavor, not bland at all..I only added a little bit of spice to add some heat!. I would definitely add a hard-boiled egg (minus a star because you have to pay extra, EGG should be included!). The bowl itself it well portioned and I was full after finished off last drips of broth and slurping my last noodle. . . We also had the pork belly bowl.  To me this was flat.  As in, not what I was expecting with pork belly.  It was more gelatinous than crispy with fat on it.  Order the small bowl to try it I'd say. . . Quick tips: Can be a long wait as the place issmall so plan accordingly.  However the food comes quick, almost 5 minutes after you order! so the turnaround time isn't bad at all.. . Get your noodle fix at MONTA! Man...after writing this I'm salivating for some Ramen..I'll see you there
A nice little hole-in-the-wall. I had the shoyu ramen without extra toppings and it was very good and filling.  I ended up taking the rest home.  The pork slices were very tasty and tender.  I'm not a fan of fat on meats but there wasn't much in the slices and the fat was very edible. When I get meat at some Vietnamese or Korean places, I get scared but this was great.. . When you get there, you need to sign the guest list if the place is full (which it will be).  We had four parties in front of us but they were gone within 10-15 minutes.  We sat at the counter on hardwood stools which were not very comfortable.  The tables had padded chairs.  I'll be requesting a table next time.. . I would definitely recommend Monta Noodle House.
This place was recommended by a friend who had eaten here before. . . It has a very small dining area and we understood why yelpers complained about the wait. Lucky for us, we went at the perfect time because the bar area opened up just in time for the 6 of us to chow down. . . I got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with a side of Takana Mustard Leaf. Others enjoyed the other types of Ramen and the bf got the Pork Belly Bowl. Since I've been in SB for a while, I haven't had good ramen, so this was a special treat! . . I must warn you though, the container of reddish spices was very salty and I personally don't recommend it unless you try your dish first and want more salty goodness. I love adding white pepper to kick it up a notch and the sesame seeds were a nice mild addition as well.. . I took a bite of the pork belly bowl and it had a nice flavor. It's pretty much marinated bacon, how can you go wrong? The ramen was very tasty and I was finished before I knew it. The mustard leaf added additional flavor, but wasn't really needed. . . This is a great find and a place that I'll definitely come back to.
Solid place for good ramen. And the kimchi fried rice is delicious too!. . There is usually a wait during lunch hours as the restaurant is very small. The service is always friendly and prompt. The prices are a little high for the portion sizes, but it is still a good lunch spot.
Asian people love noodles. I am asian, therefore i love noodles.. . I was saddened by our earlier trip to monta where the waitress told us the wait would be close to an hour.  My growling stomach couldn't bear to wait so we settled for someplace else, cough swish shabu shabu cough, and was very unsatisfied. So we decided to give it one more try on my last night in Vegas.. . They won't seat you until your whole party is there and luckily the other two people made it just in time.  This is a cozy restaurant which just adds to the ambiance a japanese noodle house.  . . menu: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=0iVynxXHiYaBNFOadj1eRA. . I ordered the Tonkotsu- shoyu ramen : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=7-nI-NPnmeMYeoJBNzkSug. . I thought the ramen was delicious.  You could tell the noodles were "wendy's", fresh not frozen, and the garnish were all nicely cooked.  The pork was so tender and fatty and delicious.  You could eat that all day fa sho. . . We also tried the fried rice and the gyoza.  Gyoza is top notch, some of the best i've ever had and I had some Godly ones in japan..  The fried rice was pretty delicious as well.. . I really liked my experience here.  The waitresses seemed to be imported straight from Japan, very hospitable and nice.  The food was excellent.  And it didn't break our wallets either.. . So if you're asian or not, and you're craving ramen in Las Vegas, Monta is definitely a "SAFE BET".. VEGAS PUN INTENDED.
Went here for a quick afternoon snack before dinner.  Beat the crowd, authentic japanese ramen place.  The staff from the all you can eat sushi place at the outlets even stopped by for lunch.  Great flavors from the broth and the ramen noodles were very tasty.  We hear the kimchi fried rice is a must.  Didn't want to eat too much as we had dinner at Mesa Grill.  Would definitely go back.
What a great find in Las Vegas! Initially, I didn't come here with much expectations because no other ramen places I've been to have impressed me as much as Ramen Dojo in NorCal. Knowing that the capacity of Monta Noodle House fit around 20 or so customers, I anticipated a wait so arrived 30 minutes before opening on a Friday afternoon. Arriving early got me a table right at opening...yay to that! so COME EARLY to avoid waiting. . . Monta Noodle House offers three different kinds of broth but I got a recommendation from one of their regular customers to order the tonkatsu-shoyu combo broth! The standard bowl comes with noodles, bamboo shoots, onions, and two pieces of pork. I wanted the ultimate ramen experience so I added on some extra stuff to spice up my bowl - I added the soft boiled egg (a must for every ramen bowl!), sweet yellow corn and shredded green onions (MUST add - gives great flavoring to the whole bowl). I also garnished my ramen bowl with the togarashi chili powder and sesame seeds! The addition of sesame seeds in the bowl was just perfect =) I have to say the best part about this place is the ramen that they used - the noodles were so soft & the thickness was about the size of egg noodles but with a softer texture. I definitely enjoyed this.They also give you plenty of noodles to fill you up real GOOD! . . If you're ever craving ramen in Las Vegas and can wake up early enough after a night of partying..remember to check this place out! It's located in Chinatown so having a rental car is convenient. Solid 4 stars for satisfaction and it's location in VEGAS!!. . FYI: I also heard that the kimchee fried rice was also good to try. . . Happy Eating =)
Thursday 1:30pm and the wait is over half an hour for a party of two. -_- really? But seriously this place is pretty darn good. The wait is lame but it's worth it! I've only had samples of the ramen and it's good but I have had WAY better ramen elsewhere. the broth is super rich and pretty good but the noodles are too thin! I come here for the pork belly rice! It trumps all other rice bowls I have had in the area. So hmm.... LV's monta pork belly rice bowl vs LA's daikokuya shredded pork rice bowl. Let the showdown begin!
This is a tiny place that serves delicious ramen! Parking can be frustrating and waiting for a table can take a while. I especially dislike coming here on certain holidays, because there are so many people.
Suffice to say Monta has become the next best thing to hit Vegas since fried rice, but WHY you may wonder did I only give it a 4 star? As you may all have read the rest of the 400+reviews & counting, everyone is raving about the food at Monta & the prices, and I definitely agree with all the positive reviews, I mean c'mon you have a Menu that would fit in one sheet of paper, how can you mess that one up? They have followed the In N Out Burger's mantra...KISSS (keep it simple st*p*d) Less is More, No Frills, No guess work, in fact I love everything on their menu so much it is so hard for me to pick just one item! The only disadvantage to the "If it ain't broke don't fix it" attitude is that it GETS BORING, and you might get Monta'd out (especially if you are eating there almost every week sometimes two) I guess some good things must come to an end, and as the Law of Gravity dictates, what comes up, must come down, even if it is THE BEST noodle & chiar su pork in town. With this popularity also comes one downfall....BE PREPARED TO WAIT FOR A TABLE! Especially during the peak hours of lunch & dinner. They open at 11 am and trust me there is a line already forming outside waiting for them to open. this is a sure way to tell that a place is sure to be good especially when it's packed, but what if you are really hungry already??? Hmmm bring some crackers with you. Keep in mind also that at Monta it is first come first serve, you can not make reservations, nor will they seat you if your whole party is not there yet (they FROWN upon this) Monta is suitable for parties of a maximum of 4 if your party is more than that you probably won't sit together or even eat at the same time. The waiting time is often discouraging, HUNGRY PEOPLE are ANGRY PEOPLE! It has happened on more than one occasion that we had to go somewhere else because we got discouraged by the slew of people waiting to be seated anplay how pressed for time we already are. So by now you probably figured out why it is missing that 1 more star, Me & Monta definitely have a Love-Hate relationship. Like in any other relationship, if you fall too quickly, you will fall out as quickly as you fell. So for now or until I crave you again, SAYUNARA Monta-san.
Upon a friend's recommendation, I decided to head over to try Monta one night. It was 10 pm and dining options were starting to get scarce. The place was tucked away in a little mini mall. Plenty of parking in the lot, but it can be a tight fit.. . At this time, the place was still relatively full. We were able to get the last open table. The menu is short and to the point. You can choose from four types of ramen broths, add your toppings, or even add extra noodles. As for other menu items, there was some fried rice options and handmade gyozas. We ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen with charsui, egg, and nori; the Tonkatsu Shoyu Ramen (a bit less rich than the regular tonkatsu ramen) with same toppings; pork belly rice bowl; kimchee fried rice and an order of gyoza. All tasted great, especially the charsui topping. It had more flavor than in other ramen spots I've eaten at. I could've ordered another order of gyoza. . . All in all, a surprisingly good spot that I'll visit again. Keep in mind, they open till 1:00 pm on Friday and Saturday, but they only have about 7 tables and another 7 seats at the counter.
Really nice place and worth it as long as you go there right when it opens of off hours.. . This is my third visit to Monta but first time to review.  . . 1.  The lines - The place is typical for a Ramen shop, with limited space to eat and to wait, but it is worth it.  My suggestion is to go when it opens and it will be all good.. . 2.  The food -  Have had:. a.  Miso Ramen - Bean Paste Ramen, very tasty. noodles perfect.. b.  Shoyu Ramen - Soy Sauce flavored broth and a nice stand by.. c.  Tonkatsu Ramen - Pork Bone broth - my favorite.. . All noodles are just right, al dente and the broth is not piping hot as I would expect, but tasty overall.  Perhaps they believe the western palate does not prefer the hot broth, but to me, it has to be piping hot to be perfect.  The soups have a perfect blend of roasted pork slices that are tender and tasty.. . 3.  Price - Very reasonable, approximately 7.00 depending if you put extra stuff in the noodles.. . Check this place out.  you will not be disappointed.
This place is realy good,I understand now why people hype it up so much.I came in today for lunch and it was pretty packed i had to sit on the stool where you can see the chelfs wich i didnt mind i like watching them cook.And it wasnt hot even by the kitchen so thats good.I got the soy sause ramen and water.. . Soy sause ramen-The noodles were aldentay and very good!The pork in it was pretty good but I didnt eat it all it had a sweetness to it it was good.And the broth was yummy as well it was salty and tasted like soy sause very flavorful though,I put extra soy sause and the red chilly flake things in for spicyness it was hella good.
We went there on a Monday around 12noon and had a 20 minutes wait.  The menu is simple.  I ordered the miso ramen, which is good, but too salty.  I did enjoy the sliced pork (very tender) and the noodle a lot, only wish it was not that salty.  My mother had the pork belly bowl, and we loved it.  We also ordered gyoza (pot sticker), and we love it very much too.  I will make it a regular eat out place for me and looking forward to try other items on the menu.
A little tiny tiny place with a huge huge line (get there early or late).  Make sure to sign in on their waiting list as soon as you get there. Ramen=Mmmmmmm~. My bf and I didn't care much for the miso ramen but others were excellente~ :)  We'll definitely going back for more when we get a chance to visit LV.
BEST charsiu of any noodle place I've tried!! Kinda bummed I didn't order extra. Got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and just asked for corn, but she charged me for it and I never got it.. but that's okay cause the charsiu was so good I didn't care! Have the choice of 3 different broths and either thick or thin noodle... I opted for thick and the bf got the thin with the miso broth... not a fan of miso but it was good. Mine was better.. . Very small place though, not really good for large parties. And easy to miss when trying to locate... But food comes out quick! And very reasonable pricing. Love it. Should try the rest of the menu, but this small bowl of ramen is pretty filling.... . If you haven't been, you must try.. . Why not 5 stars? I dunno... maybe when I sample more items I will reconsider.
It's a very tiny place, but the food is good. The first time I went here was over the summer, which was a big mistake. There isn't really air conditioning in there (or there was, but i didn't realize it). The waitresses are wonderful though :) and if you sit at the bar stools, you can watch them prepare your ramen.
Very good ramen.  Not the best I've had, but absolutely solid and definitely hits the spot since I haven't had good ramen in several months.  I got the shoyu ramen and added nori, egg, and char sui.  Yes, I missed ramen.  The portion was completely decent.  The char sui was a waste of additional money I felt because the pork was way too fatty and broke apart too much in the soup.  Not worth the trouble, especially when there was no particularly special flavor to it.  They serve canned iced green tea which was delicious as well.
One of the best ramen places I've been to. It starts off pretty cheap, and even with a few addons like the Chashu pork (must), corn, nori, etc, it was still really cheap. . . Lots of flavor in the broth, and the Chashu is so tender. It literally just melts in your mouth and has really good flavor. This is definitely one spot I will always come to when in Vegas.
another great ramen place
Four different broth flavors and many different add ins.  A local favorite!  Make sure you have your WHOLE party together before being seated.  It's pretty busy and a small dining area but worth the wait!  I got the Shoyu & added egg!  VERY good!  In Chinatown strip area.  Wonderful staff & make sure to get the Hot Tea in a can!  I will be back soon!
Gah! I wish I read the reviews more carefully so I would have known that you need to order the egg as an add on. Everyone raved about the egg, so I assumed it was included, but it's not! . . Oh well, the ramen is still excellent. I had the tonkotsu, but since my mom ordered the tonkotsu shoyu and my grandma had the shoyu, I was able to sample 3 out of the 4 available soups. The soup has a clean flavor and isn't as kotteri (fatty) as what you find at Santouka (my fave ramen joint). The noodles are also very thin - like angel hair pasta. The chasiu is definitely a standout and meltingly tender. I also ordered a small fried rice and it was delicious and quite literally glistening.. . We came here around 1:30 on Saturday afternoon and scored the last 3 seats at the counter. As others have mentioned it is a very small restaurant, but most people eat their noodles and go so turnover is fast. Definitely a great place to check out in Vegas for some authentic ramen!
Definitely had to find a Japanese Ramen place in my new locale. . . Luckily, some friends were in town and wanted to come back to their ramen house of choice. . . Simple menu options and great appetizers selection. . . I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and had a few spoonfuls of the Takana rice, which were both flavorful and delicious. . . They request that your full party is there before you're seated, even had a bar to sit at which was quite nice for the smaller parties. . . Will come back to this place when I need my ramen fix.
Pretty nice place. Simple menu that isn't distracting or full of crazy dishes. The place gets busy often and to have quite a small establishment can be quite troublesome. This place is not for big dinners, more like lunch with a couple of friends to catch up or before heading out to a movie or something. Overall, this place is quite nice and I'm sure everyone will enjoy it :)
I must say, out of all the ramen places I've tried, Monta definitely sticks out. I've had ramen from NorCal, SoCal, and New York. I don't call myself very knowledgeable but I sure as hell know what I like to eat. The best ramen place that I've tried is Ippudo, which is located in Manhattan NY. However, Monta does come close.. . . Monta is quite a small restaurant and it has one of those homely feels to it. One thing I didn't quite like was how stuffy it was. I went during one of the warm days, it wasn't even hot, but all they had was fans and I couldn't even feel them. So the place had pretty poor circulation and stuffy. I'd hate to see what it's like during an actual summer temperature where it hits over 100 degrees. . . . I had their tonkotsu ramen with corn -- definitely recommended. Their broth is rich and full of flavor. It is yummy. However, because of how rich and yummy the broth is, I don't suggest adding an egg to it. Because once you do, the egg loses its flavor and the broth overpowers it. So no point. . . . I would've given this place five full stars if it were not for the waitress that helped us. Oh the service was fine throughout our meal. When we first took our orders down, she offered us, "Would you like everything on one check or split checks?" We were a party of 8. Obviously, some had cash and some didn't so we would prefer the latter. So we answered with, "Split checks would be nice :)" But then she responds with, "I could do that but could you please not do 8 separate checks? It's a little bit too much.". . I'M SORRY? Really, why did you even bother to offer? . . I didn't feel like arguing or bothering so we just went with one check. You don't offer something then take back your offer. Or at least lay your own terms down before you finish offering. Thank you. . . . But hey. Food's good. :) Just that tiny bit irked me.
A very simple and finely tuned establishment, I wish there was one like it at home.   The place is small and the service peeps very cheerfully chipper that it seems like something that came out of a Japanese Sailor Moon anime....can't complain, I love this atmosphere.. . I ordered the Tontkotso/Miso broth with my ramen, the pork and noodles all complement the spices to expose umami flavor that is a joy for your tastebuds.  If you're ever in Las Vegas, you owe it to yourself to visit Chinatown and pay Monto Ramen a visit.
Delicious, great place to go if your a noodle lover. Although the location is very small, so most likely your going to be waiting. Better bring a cold bottle of water to keep you cool not much waiting room inside. My wife suggest adding the boiled egg and two extra slices of chashu to any bowl. My favorite is the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen it's delicious with a couple of teaspoons of soy sauce, vinegar and the red powder stuff. The place is pretty clean and so is the bathroom. Definitely will go back.
The gyoza and fried rice at this place is killer. The miso ramen a little salty for my liking and the noodles a little too soft. Besides that excellent ramen.  The service sometimes isnt that great, but its understandable because they are usually pretty busy
Ode to Monta's Pork Belly Bowl. . cue violin. . Hey, I just ate you, and this is crazy... but here's my hunger , so feed me maybe?   All of the ramen bowls, try to tempt me, but here's my chopsticks, so feed me maybe?  . . Yeah this will probably be out of date by the time I hit submit review, but I'll deal with it.   I've been to Monta several times since it opened, and the first 8 or 9 times I stuck with getting various ramen.  Of those my favorite quickly became the Tonkotsu as I really enjoyed the creaminess of it.  I did like the other two as well, but always found myself going back to Tonkotsu.  As a quick aside, I actually found the Tonkotsu-Shoyu to be my least favorite.  The pork was always tender and tasty, and I would almost always get an egg added and I tried most of the other additions as well.   I personally didn't find many of them to be worth the extra cost to add, though I did like the Mustard Leaf on occasion.  . . For an appetizer I had the Gyoza a few times and found them to be very good examples, but not extraordinary at the same time.   Then one day I decided to split a pork belly bowl with a friend as an appetizer.  Game change.   It's seriously all I think about when I think of Monta now.  As much as I enjoyed the Ramen whenever I'd had it, it took a backseat to this dish in my heart and stomach.  Currently saving up for an engagement ring.  Pork Belly Bowl will make a lovely bride.. . Service is always friendly if a little rushed, and I always thought the overall price was decent.. . Still need to try Anime and Sora so no comparison on Ramens unfortunately, but unless they have Pork Belly Bowl on their menu, it might not matter.
The tonkotsu-shoryu ramen with green onion, corn & chashu works wonders.. . The soup was just a tad bit salty for my liking, but the meal & service made up for the tiny flaw.  . . Good food & service for around $10 is definitely a Winner-Winner, Monta Ramen Dinner!
So what happens when it's 105 degrees outside and you're hungry? You get a hot bowl of ramen, of course! I spent 3 days in Vegas eating all kinds of overpriced food, but none of it was as good as the fairly priced bowl of ramen at Monta Ramen. I really enjoyed everything about it! The noodles, the broth, the chashu... all good! I would have liked if they had a bit more air conditioning and a bit more space, but that won't stop me from coming back the next time I am in town!
Great Ramen and perfect food to warm you up ! Tonkatsu and shoyu are tasty !
One of my favorite places to eat! I'd never turn down and invite to eat here. Their spicy powder really does it for me cause I'm a fan of spicy! The only downside is there's not many places to sit so you have to wait awhile to be seated sometimes. Also wish they would get rid of the $10 minimum card charge. Sometimes I just don't have cash and don't want to have to order extra stuff just to meet it. Other than that I will forever be coming here!
Probably the best Ramen in Vegas, i got the tonkotsu Ramen and it was great, can't wait to try the rest of them. But the fried rice was the worst i ever had, then again why come to a Japanese Ramen house and order fried rice right. I will be back to try the rest of the ramen and the pork belly bowl.
Great little and I do mean tiny restaurant. We had shoyu ramen bowls and it was delicious.  In and out in 30 min, but don't be surprised if you have to wait for a seat.  Place sits about 30. We will be back!
Good.  Cheap.   Super small.  Reminds you of a side street big city diner.  Great character.  Limited menu but you go for one thing----great ramen.
I can't believe I've waited this long....simple, hearty, delicious.  This place is a winner.
Nom Nom. I heart ramen. I was a little nervous about a salt OD after reading the other reviews so I decided to go with the shoyu broth (chicken broth). It wasn't quite as rich or flavorful as pork broth, but I was pleased to note that salt was kept to a minimum without compromising flavor (I also begged them to lighten up on the salt). I love ramen as a meal. Its cheap, fast,  and totally filling, not to mention tasty. . . We split a gyoza app, which was super greasy. Would probably skip that one. My husband felt like the 105 heat was too much for warm soup, so he opted for cold ramen noodles in a sesame dressing, which I also thought was absolutely delic. The menu is pretty limited so be prepared to eat ramen. So excited to find a good ramen place in Vegas. Skip the overpriced strip eateries and head to Chinatown for yummy, reasonably priced food.
Google maps will lead you past this tiny restaurant if you're heading West on Spring Mountain Road. The icon will show that you need to pass Hauck street. Don't make that mistake, Monta Ramen is actually in the plaza before that street. Google map takes you to this empty plaza with nothing but a sleazy looking massage parlor. Hmmm....? . . This small hole in the wall restaurant interior reminds me of Daikokuya Jtown LA but even smaller! They had an L shaped bar which probably sits 10-12 people max. There were about 5-6 regular tables, some made for two people & some made for four. What happens in a place like this? A number of overflowing people waiting out the door. I recommend you coming early or during non-peaked hours. We got lucky because there was only one party ahead of us when we got in but that quickly changed. By the time we got out, there were at least 10 parties on that waiting list.. . First thing I noticed was the array of condiments in front of us. Shredded pink ginger, purified garlic, white pepper, Japanese chili powder, SPICY a$$ hot chili oil, vinegar, soy sauce just to name a few. Love restaurants that aren't all hipster tight up the butt about their condiments.. . Had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, a mixed blend of pork bone and soy sauce type soup based. The first one I've ever had actually since I'm typically accustomed to just Tonkotsu base. It was a little less rich and thick then the Tonkotsu base but still had that cloudy and strong taste. I added an egg and kimchi for a little more. For you carb lovers, you can add extra noodles for a minimal fee. I was quite satisfied with my ramen. My expectations were met even though they weren't that high since we were in Vegas and we know LA is crawling with bomb ramen houses. The chashu pork was quite fatty and the slices were on a smaller scale. The bowl of ramen itself was enough to make you full but not overly stuffed.. . Also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl - cod fish row, seaweed, green onion, over rice. Nothing significant to report. The fried gyozas (pork and vegetable filling) were decent.. . The ramen is nothing to die for but it really wasn't too bad. If you have a mad craving for ramen or just want to get something other than pho on Spring Mountain Road aka Chinatown, then Monta Ramen is there for you. Just be ready for a wait time. The ramen met my simple standards and the price was very affordable. The hard working staff are efficient and all "peace sign" fobby smiles.
Next to my favorite Japanese restaurant (Raku) lies Monta, the best Japanese ramen house I've been to so far.. . It's a small and busy restaurant, and I recommend that you time yourself wisely...otherwise, you'll be stuck waiting outside under the Las Vegas sun. . . The wait was over and my cousins and I were finally able to sit in the well air conditioned room. Let the ramen begin.. . I ordered their special- cold noodle with the mushroom, tomatoes, pork. The words 'cold' and 'noodle' shouldn't be in the same sentence, I know...but this is different. It was a refreshing blend of meats and veggies for the hot weather.. My cousins ordered the pork belly bowl, which is served with rice. To attempt..to even try to get close on its description..it's like Yoshinoya but 100 times better!. The other cousin got the miso based soup with an additional corn. It's so creamy and filled with flavor. . . I rarely head to the strip for food, instead take on adventures to find the best Asian places here in the desert. . . 4 stars for their awesome food. But if I could, I'll give them a 3 for the seating capacity. I just don't like waiting.
Every time I hear MONTA, my mouth starts watering, my heart starts beating faster and I suddenly need to get that delicious miso broth in my mouth, a nitamago and some chasu pork. OH YEAH. Monta is simply delicious. Sadly it is very small and sometimes the wait time can be a little long and frustrating , specially when you are super hungry and that big o window lets u see people eating their awesome noodles. . Now, let me say , that Ive tried ramen in various places and I keep coming back to monta. Their freshly made Gyoza and their pork belly bowl are amazing as well.. . A must try if you are in vegas
We love us some good ramen and Monta Ramen was that!  A couple of weeks ago we spent the weekend out in Vegas and this was our top destination :). . We ordered the tradition tonkotsu ramen ($6.95) as well as the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen ($6.95).  Both were good but the tradition tonkotsu was what really caught our attention. The broth was really good. Smooth, creamy and a tad salty.  . . The noodles were perfectly cooked and tasted great.. . The meat was also above average. Tender with a good amount of fat.  . . We also added an egg to our bowls and we were so glad we did. It was cooked correctly with the right amount of creaminess to it.. . It's the best ramen we've had since our trip back from japan.. . In addition to the ramen bowls, we ordered a mini pork belly bowl which was good enough to steal our attention from the ramen. The pork belly was thinly cut, which makes it a lot easier to eat with the rice. It's a great side to order if you visit.. . As for the staff they were friendly, maybe a little bit overwhelmed. The cook didn't look happy at all for some reason but he was still churning out some great food so we can't complain!. . Overall we would recommend trying this place out. Even in 110 degree weather, it's was oishii! (delicious in japanese)
As an avid lover of all Asian styles of food I was excited to finally try Monta Ramen since I had heard good things. At first glance it looked like this little noodle shop was going to have a very long wait. However, we did not have to wait too long even with people waiting outside. There are not many seats, but this is not really the place to linger for long. Most people seem to leave fairly quickly once they are done. My friend and I sat at the counter and had fun watching the bustling kitchen while we waited for our ramen. The seating may feel cramped for some people, but I really liked the busy, controlled chaos feel of it. . . On to the good stuff. I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with the regular house fixings and my friend had the Shoyu ramen with thin noodles. I was instantly impressed with my choice as soon as I tried it. The broth was slightly creamy and full of flavor, the thin noodles cooked to the perfect point so they were not mushy at all. I found the soup very flavorful, but I had to add a liberal amount of chili oil since I like my ramen spicy. The Shoyu ramen was also very tasty, the clear beef broth had just as deep a flavor as my selection. We both had a can of green tea to drink, which was a refreshing counter to my spicy soup. My only gripe was the fact that I was not completely full when I left, which is mostly my own fault. They offer the option of extra noodles, which I will surely do next time. The gyoza and fried rice are also on the list to try in the future. . . Another great aspect is the price. The total bill for two bowls of ramen and two drinks was $18 and change. A great deal for any sit down place. Bottom line is that this place is a great option for a fun, cheap meal. I will definitely be going back.
I've been searching for a good bowl of ramen in this town and I finally found it! Thanks to my friend's recommendation, as well as the rainy weather, we ended up at Monta Ramen last night. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with thin noodles and the regular toppings. I was very impressed! The broth was flavorful and the noodles were cooked to perfection. I LOVE spicy food, so I poured on the chili oil. I also added sesame seeds as well as chili powder. It was perfect! . . My friend and I sat at the bar and got to watch a lovely lady prepare our ramen. The restaurant is small and very busy, so prepare for that. We waited a little bit for a seat, but it was well worth the wait. Once we were seated, we were enjoying our ramen within 10 minutes of ordering it. I will definitely be frequenting Monta for my ramen fix!
The ramen and the fried rise are amazing the only bad thing is the service was rude
I'm not a very big fan of soup especially when it's already super hot outside in Vegas but my friend insisted I try this place. Monta is really small I had a hard time trying to find it in the beginning. . . They're really quick on service that we were out there in less than 30 mins. Their ramen was really good however, I just wish it came with more meat since I'm such a carnivore. I'll definitely make sure to come here more often, most likely when the weather has cooled down though! Lol
We came here in the dead of summer last July for lunch and I'm happy to report that Monta serves up some pretty tasty ramen. A lot of the reviews warned against a queue but we were seated immediately and our food came just as quickly.  I quite enjoyed the tonkotsu ramen. The portions are on the smaller side and the broth was full of flavour but a wee bit too salty. I'll definitely be back here again!
YUM!! Absolutely delicious. Very simple menu at an affordable price. The only downfall is the size, there are only 8 tables and it is about 99 degrees in there. So be prepared to sweat a little bit.
I am definitely a huge fan of this place! The ramen is amazing! I actually love everything on this menu! Just wish they have bigger parking lot! Or at least at a better location!
If you're craving for a steaming bowl of ramen, this place is IT! . . Now I only gave them 4 stars as I wish they would expand even just a tad. Seating is so tight but I guess it also adds to highlight of when your name is finally called and you sit on their wooden chairs and get served almost immediately. The menu consists of 4 simple but very different ramen bowls and a few add ons and very minimal side dishes. But so much easier to choose from.. . Love the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen. I order mine with thick noodles instead which are seeped in pork AND chicken broth. DOUBLE the flavor. I make sure to always order extra chasyu (pork) although all ramen bowls come with 2 slices.. . Love the slurp of the noodles and melt in your mouth pork. Slices of mushroom are added as a garnish but even that helps enhance the flavor.  This is only my second time here but I enjoy it immensely and even more so that I got to share it with 9 of my other friends...at the same time! :)
Very tasty Broth. I had the thin noodles, but should've gotten the thick ones. Service was a bit rushed, but still ok. Overall, very decent Ramen.
Small restaurant in Chinatown. Waited for 10 minutes at 5pm Friday for a table. . Good portion (not too big or small) for a decent price. . All 4 ramen options are same price $6.95 with an extra serving of ramen noodles for $1.50. . Broth is not as flavorful, but not as salty as other ramen places in Los Angeles. I didn't have to drink glasses of water afterwards. . Egg was ok. I've had better. . Pork was tender and yummy.
Now that I've come here enough to practically remember the whole menu, I think it's ready for a review. . . When I found this place (through Yelp of course) I thought to myself, "Could it be? A true authentic ramen place that the city I originally resided in devastatingly lacked of? My own little NYC Momofuku only a 15 minute drive away?" OH, SWEET BABY JESUS IT COULD! . . Before making the trip to your next lunch or dinner date here, you should probably consider what day you're going and at what time. This place is SMALL, like 5 tables (2 4-tops, 3 2-tops) small with a couple seats at the bar, and it gets crazy packed! The first time I came here I literally drove by and was like, "awh hailll noo," and drove away. HOWEVER I will say that if there's just a couple of people before you, just be patient and wait. The tables turn over rather quickly.. . Which leads me to the menu. It's very simple and quick to prepare. If you're going with ramen, they have 4 different broth options: Shoyu (chicken), Tonkotsu (pork), Tonkotsu-shoyu (chicken & pork) and Miso. All are priced around 6.95 a bowl. Just forget the rest and go with the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. All ramens are prepared with two slices of pork, bamboo, and chopped green onion. Don't forget to add extra ingredients like an egg and mustard leaf! If you've never tried mustard leaf, it really compliments the broth and makes it extra delicious...order it on the side and try it out! Adding in the ingredients is what really gets the meal to be pricier than expected. Just 1 egg is an extra $1.75, but it's okay to indulge a little every now  and then, so just go all out with you bad ramen self! . . They have other items as well such as fried rice, small plates, and cold ramen! I still have yet to try them.. will do an update after my next visit! . . The only negative thing I'd have to say about the ramen is it can get pretty salty, of course you can mention to them less sodium, but I'm pretty sure all they're going to do is dilute it with hot water. To leave it on a positive note, aside from the saltiness the broth is PERFECTION. Extremely murky, so you know its packed with flavor and takes overnight cooking to prepare.
The restaurant is pretty small and they are almost always packed. So get there right when they open if you don't want to wait. If you like thin straight noodle, get their tonkotsu ramen. One of the best bowls of ramen you'll ever find anywhere especially in Vegas. Parking is pretty sparse so it can be a gamble finding a parking spot.
This was definitely a GREAT find!  If you like soup noodles, soups that takes hours to make, or melt in your mouth pork belly...then this is a must try. . . This place is very small with minimum seating area and a limited menu.  Their main focus is their ramen and pork belly bowl, so if you do decide to make the trip out from the Strip of Las Vegas (about a 10 min taxi ride), then you have to try their Ramen and Pork Belly Bowl.  Tip:  Anticipate a wait due to the limited seating area.  Fortunately, we were in luck...no wait!  SCORE!!!  The prices here are very reasonable for the portion and the flavor you receive.  You are definitely getting your money worth.. . We ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and a small Pork Belly Bowl.. . The Pork Belly Bowl was a small size, but it was plenty for us since we totally devoured ourselves with tons of fantastic food on our trip to Vegas.  The bowl was pretty when it arrived!  The bowl was decorated with pickled ginger to cut the fattiness of the pork belly and an abundant amount of scallions to give the bowl a fresh green flavor.  Below the green and the red, was a pile of juicy, tender, and fatty pork belly gleaming at you. . . Then our star...Tonkotsu Ramen.  We added extra Chashu Pork, corn, butter, and EGG (this is a definite MUST add...super soft and melt in your mouth!) to our bowl of ramen.  I have to say, this was a delight to the eye.  The portion was a good size, about the equivalent of a large bowl of Pho.  The flavor of the soup was deep and meaty, the noodles had a good bite to it and every bite had the yummy soup flavoring (we saw them cook the noodles in the slow cooked broth), the pork was drool worthy, the crisp sweet corn added an additional tastiness to the bowl, and the black fungus and bamboos added earthiness.. . Overall a delicious experience...simple yet still makes us think about it all the time.  Of course not as good as the ramen you can get in Japan, but definitely pretty good for USA.  We would rate this place a 7 for flavor, price, and quality of ingredients.
I started with the gyoza which were tasty and had a nicely crispy thin skins.  Next came the tonkatsu-shoyu ramen which I enhanced with extra pork and an egg.  The pork is awesome and I could eat lots more of it.  . . This place is small but has a cool vibe.  The only problem is the lack of space.  It was a bit uncomfortable to have people waiting and hovering so close.
Delicious fried rice. Quite possibly the best fried rice I've had here in Las Vegas. As for the ramen, we tried both the pork and chicken broth and while the chicken ramen was very tasty, the pork ramen was a bit too salty for our taste. Also, I don't think I'm a big fan of ramen noodle but I will absolutely come back here for the fried rice.
The place is really small, only has a few tables. but the open kitchen is given a big plus.. $1.5 for extra noodles are perfect for noodle lovers. . The only thing is the soups is a little bit salty.
Definitely yummy ramen and it comes out really fast, which is good because they only have 5 tables and maybe 10 seats at the bar, so they need to rotate people quickly. We went around 1pm on a Saturday and had to wait about 15 minutes for a seat. . . Ordered the Miso Ramen and the broth was really good, but a bit too salty for my taste, but still really good. The pork was really good, and the noodles were best towards the end of the meal because they had gotten softer after soaking in the juices. Initially they were more Al dente. . . Since this is my first visit to a ramen restaurant in las vegas, I'll probably try a different one the next time around so I have something to compare it to.
I didn't realize how hard it would be to find a really good Ramen restaurant after moving out of Hawaii.  However, Monta comes close to filling the void.  Monta is a small Japanese noodle house in a strip mall in china town.  If you don't like waiting to sit down, get there early as the line usually begins to form before the restaurant opens at 11:30AM.  There are a few scattered tables, but I prefer to sit at the bar and watch the cooks prepare the dishes in the open kitchen.. . Monta makes Tonkotsu ($6.95), Shoyu ($6.95) and Miso ($7.25) Ramen broths.  While all three of the broths are very good, the milky white colored Tonkotsu (stewed pork bone broth) has an especially savory meaty flavor.  My favorite is the combination Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen ($6.95) which tempers the intense meaty taste of the Tonkotsu with the salty Shoyu broth.  The thin yellow Ramen noodles have always been consistently cooked to the just right texture, neither too limp nor too firm and underdone.  The ramen comes with basic toppings (green onions, bamboo shoots, Kikurage mushrooms and two thin slices of marinated Chashu pork) however, like all good Ramen joints, they have a whole list of additional toppings you can add (for a little extra cash) to make the dish your own.  The combination of flavors and textures soaking in the hot broth goes down well on a cold day.. . We also usually order the pan fried pork gyozas ($5.15 for 6) and a small Kimchi fried rice ($6.95).  The gyozas are excellent and the moist rice has a good flavor.  Each table has an array of sauces and condiments that you can add to your meal (rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili oil, sesame seeds, and chili pepper) as well as little jars of crushed garlic and red pickled ginger.  They also serve beer to wash it all down with.. . The service is fast and the food comes out quickly.  So even if you do get stuck waiting in line, it usually moves fast.  And if you are in the mood for good Ramen, it is worth the wait.
Great ramen place!  Been here twice and have been thoroughly satisfied each time.  With how small this place is, I'm not surprised at the wait...even at 10pm at night.  . . The service, though brisk, is also very helpful and friendly.  No one has time to stand around to chat and explain things to you but they try very hard to seat everyone as quickly as possible and they manage to bring you your food quickly and correctly.. . Hubby and I are purists...we stay with the tonkotsu broth.  The broth was rich and sticky...didn't taste like it was brewed only from pork bones but also from pork feet/hock.  Very tasty and comforting.  On our second visit, I got extra char siu.  When the fat from the char siu melted into my broth, it got even thicker and richer.  Hey, you say greasy, I say yummy!!. . Other standouts - takana fried rice and pork belly bowl...all very good!!  Definitely going to be a staple for us when we're in LV.
I love ramen and was looking for a place to try in Las Vegas. After catching a late show and not having had dinner prior to the show, I wanted something that would not be too heavy or filling. I searched on Yelp and tried Monta based on the positive Yelp reviews. The tonkatsu broth was very robust and flavorful, yet not too heavy. It was served with thin noodles and some greens, and I added corn which provided something sweet to compliment the saltiness of the broth. A definite member of my repeat list when back in Las Vegas.
This tiny little ramen place was everything it was cracked up to be.  My parents live locally and they'd heard from several sources about how great this place was, so when we were visiting, we took them out to Monta.. . We managed to get there at the perfect time because only 1 table was occupied, so getting my dad in was quick and easy (he is in a wheelchair).  They don't have hot drinks, so enjoy some UCC Oolong or Green Tea or a can of Calpico (I wish they had UCC Iced Coffee!!)  We placed our order and watched as the crowd built up very quickly.  Food arrived fast and piping hot.. . The gyoza was fine - crunchy on one side, steamed on the other, hot all the way through.  My mom and hubs got the pork belly bowls and my dad and I got the miso ramen (I got mine with corn). . The charsiu/chashu/chasyu (how ever you want to spell it) WAS SO AMAZING - I do not use this phrase lightly.  It was LITERALLY melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  The pork fat was flavorful and rich and just melted away when it hit your tongue.  So amazing!  I am sad that I didn't stop and order a side of it immediately.. . The ramen noodles had a great chewy texture and the miso broth was delicious.  My mom was very pleased with the pork belly bowl, as well.. . The only thing that didn't live up to everything else was the mentaiko bowl.I got it because I love hot rice and tarako (and my mom had made some for me the night before and I was still jonesing for it).  Unfortunately, the rice was not very hot and a little on the dry side, so the bowl was disappointing.  I ladeled some of the miso broth into the bowl and that made the rice more palatable, but it messed with the flavor of the mentaiko.. . All in all, it was a great experience and I can't wait to go to Vegas again so I can go to Monta again! . . **ACCESSIBILITY NOTE - The parking lot is not very wheelchair friendly and Monta itself can be a little tight to try to get a wheelchair in and out.  The only wheelchair ramp up from the parking lot is blocked by the car when you park in the handicapped space, so once you get the person into their chair, you have to move the car to get them up to the sidewalk level where the restaurants are.
If you like Ramen, this is the place.  There's a few other ramen joints throughout the valley, but this has got to be one of my favorite spots.  Shoyu ramen for $6.95 with ability to customize it with a handful of toppings is a good deal to me =). . Pros:.  *  All kinds of toppings to build your own ramen.  *  Friendly service.  *  Awesome Ramen... I can't explain this ,but the broth is a bowl of salty goodness.. . Cons:.  *  A bit on the crowded side.  It's a small place packed with tables and seating..  *  It's a hit or miss with the wait for this place... it's always busy so be prepared..  * Parking sucks...period!. . Overall:.   One of my favs in Vegas.  I'm giving it a four stars in comparison to other Ramen places I've been (not necessarily in Vegas).  . . Tips:. *  A good place to come with a group of friends.. Very casual atmosphere. *  Be eco-friendly and save yourself the hassle by trying to carpool if possible.
YES PLEASE, MORE PLEASE.. . Loved this cute little place. And it's CHEAP!  under $8 for a huge bowl of wholesome goodness.  It is a really small place, so keep that in mind, people were definitely waiting outside to get in.  But the food comes out fast, in fact, our dinner came out before our appetizer, which wasn't optimal but was OK.. . Service was meh in my opinion which is why it was 4 stars instead of 5.  It was FREEZING in here, they have the fans on blast, way too cold for both of us.  But once they serve you the steaming goodness in a bowl it does warm up a bit, but not that much. Tip-move the fans to the kitchen to help the workers out but it was too cold for us.. . I ordered my Pork Ramen w/out mushrooms and they placed the wrong bowls in front of us, my dinner companion was about to take a bite and the waitress like snagged it out from under him to swap ours around.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing. It has to be at least 3 cups of liquid, plus noodles and some very small bits of pork.  Get yours with the hard boiled egg. It's worth the other $1.50 or whatever it is they charge you, it was delicious.. . Great for a cold day too!
I'm going to go ahead an admit that although I know who David Chang and Tale Talde are, I'm not a pro at all when it comes to Asian food. Nonetheless, I visited Monta recently and must say I was impressed. I tried the shoyu ramen, although my friend recommended I try the tonkotsu. I thought it was pretty tasty though! I think it would be interesting to eat at the bar, like you were at a ramen place in Tokyo or Sapporo (David Chang's quarterly, Lucky Peach is all about different types of ramen, very interesting). . . I can't say with certainty if the noodles are made in-house though.. . BUT you get a lot of bang for a buck. i will be returning to try the tonkatsu and other items from the menu.
Food here is pretty solid.  I've had ramen in LA (which is much better back home, and I'm not trying to sound snobby, rather it's just something I can compare to), and the food here is a decent.  . . Tonkotsu Ramen $(7) and +$2 for egg- slightly above average-The broth is pretty good.  It comes w/ 2 pieces of meat (which is detailed on the menu).  The pork base is pretty thick, so if you are into thick broths this is the place to go.  . . My gripe is they don't give you complimentary egg w/ the broth, so you gotta pay $2 extra (which is pretty steep if you ask me).  I mean, who eats ramen w/o egg?  It's almost required!!!  I also would've preferred my egg to be a little more runny.  Part of the egg yoke should seep into the soup (but still retain it's shape).  The egg I got was slightly hard when I got it.. . Pork belly rice ($5.50 for a large, $3.50 for small) - Average.  The pork belly is extremely sweet!  I think they use too much sauce or something. The sauce almost over-powers the taste of the meat.  I'd pass on this next time.. . I was able to try my friends Takana fried rice and it's delicious.  10x better than the pork belly.. . Tips:. -Not good for groups.  Restaurant is small, maybe seats 20 people inside.   Parties of 4 or larger might have trouble sitting.. -Egg isn't complimentary w/ the ramen, so you gotta spend $2 extra =(. -No garlic press available
I often crave for their tonkotsu ramen! The soup is so full of taste and creamy! No other ramen places can top that! The texture of the ramen is great too! Took a few friends there on several occasions and not once I did not hear compliments. Wish the place was bigger though.
Every bowl of ramen comes with two slices of pork chashu, green onions, kikurage (black mushroom), and bamboo shoots. There are four different types of broths:. . 1. Shoyu- Soy sauce-based broth, pretty salty and nothing spectacular, average. . 2. Miso- miso-based broth, salty but not overwhelmingly so, pretty run-of-the-mill miso ramen. . 3. Tonkotsu- pork flavored broth, savory, and has a creamy texture. The soup's thick consistency is due to boiling pork bones, collagen, and fat for a long period of time. Some people find the thickness of the savory broth distasteful and unsettling. If you're not a fan of a thick soup, I would skip this one. Definitely one of my favorite broths to get here.. . 4. Tonkotsu-Shoyu- best of both worlds, the tonkotsu and shoyu work well to balance each other out. The shoyu waters down the tonkotsu so it's not as thick and the tonkotsu adds a bold, fuller flavor to the shoyu. This is definitely Monta's signature ramen and a must try.. . Additional Toppings: Some of the toppings are noticeably more expensive compared to other local ramen joints that already include these toppings in their ramen.. . Additional Notes: . *If you order extra noodles (Kaedama), it comes in a separate bowl usually in the middle of the meal. It's been heated up so your noodles are still delicious even if your broth is not as hot as in the beginning. . * There are two types of noodles to choose from: thick cup ramen style noodles (that definitely taste nothing like those horrible cup noodles) or a thinner noodle similar to Chinese egg noodles (not the noodle that usually comes with wonton noodle soup). I definitely prefer the thicker noodles; the thinner ones tend to be overcooked easily and soggy. . *There is a $10 minimum on credit cards. Bring cash if you don't plan to spend more than that.. *They will not sit you at a table unless your whole party is present.. . Overall:. . So far, Monta has the best ramen in Vegas. (Still need to try Anime Ramen, and Fukumimi though.) It's just the thing that hits the spot on a cold chilly night when you need some warming up. . . Service varies depending on how busy they are. Bar seating may get uncomfortable for some but that's how traditional ramen houses are: small and cramped. Seating is very limited so anticipate a wait if you're coming during peak hours. . . The consistency of the ramen sometimes varies as well. Sometimes the chashu is over done, resulting in a dry piece of meat that doesn't have that heavenly gelatinous soft layer of fat that melts in your mouth. Also, the noodles sometimes come out too soft if they've been sitting there for a while. Once in a while, the yolk of the hard boiled egg will be completely solid, with none of that ooey gooey goodness. These hiccups happen rarely, only when they're extremely busy and it's during peak hours. Portions are decent sized for a regular person. If you're a gluttonous fatty like me, it's better to share fried rice (which is quite delicious) with a buddy.. . Overall, despite the ridiculous wait sometimes and food consistency issues, Monta is definitely a must try for locals and tourists.
I'm not huge on noodles and soup, and this place always seems to have a line out the door. It's so small here you're practically a sardine. The experience was really good and everyone is friendly I really liked the Ramen and will be coming back again to try all of the different options
I am so full!  I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with sliced pork.  I also ordered kaedama (extra noodles), the mini-mentaiko bowl with spicy cod row, green onion & chopped seaweed over rice.  Washed it all down with an Asahi draft.  Excellent and pretty inexpensive.  The place is tiny!  I saw 4 people walking for the door and run to beat them inside.  I had to sit at the bar close to the door and kept getting blasted by freezing winds from outside.  I will be back (maybe when it's warmer outside.)
Perfect on a chilly weather. Price not bad and they've added some stuff in their menu, which is good. Place small if volume of people is a lot, but since this is an in and out eatery, wait is not bad (unless if there's a group of people hanging out just cz). One of my faves.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you hear when you walk in are the waitresses yelling the order in Japanese and the chefs in the back confirming AND the slurping of noodles from patrons which is a strong first impression. (* + 1) I'm no ramen expert but I believe the best places have distinctive flavors for their broths. At Monta, you can definitely tell the Miso from the Tonkatsu, and the Shoyu from the Tonkatsu-Shoyu which earns a star. ( * + 1) . . Location+Atmosphere: It's tucked away in a shady strip mall which I always seem to pass, but a good landmark is the bar at the beginning of the mall called Kilroy's (named after the famous Kilroy graffiti). I love the atmosphere which is an open kitchen where you see the chefs work. The bar seating has nice spinning bar stools and it's easy to get comfy/friendly with the strangers next to you. (* + 1). . Service: At the door they don't really care who you are or what you do (whether you have a party of one or a party of 10, no special treatment; no forgiveness for leaving/having incomplete party). Once seated, the service is quick and they get your stuff out as soon as possible to get another butt in your chair. With a small party (2-3) the wait shouldn't be too long. With a large (+4) party, at munch-time you're out of luck. Service does not earn a star.. . Food: Ramen (why would you get anything else here?). Four different broths to choose from with their own noodle style. Tonkatsu shoyu ramen comes with wavy noodles and the Miso came with thin noodles. Extra noodles are $1.25. I don't get add-ons because there's no need, the amounts which are portioned should be rich enough to keep you from wanting for a couple hours. Which leads me to portion size. First time it came, I thought I could eat 3 bowls, but after the first tasty, rich bowl you find yourself satisfied. What you're looking for is the flavor of the broth and I think this place has one of the tastiest broths. I like to add the spicy powder, hot oil, and sesame seeds so maybe that's why it gets salty near the bottom, but it makes my noodles tastier. (* + 1) Got the gyoza, tasted the gyoza, enjoyed the gyoza, did not write home about the gyoza.. . Strangest thing: I do not understand why they don't serve hot tea. Too much work to serve and too little space for the cups? They do have canned oolong and green tea though.
Ramen was just so-so. Noodles were not handmade. However, rice bowl with pork belly was great! Service is good. Always in line.
Love this place, it is good simple as that
I still think Monta is tasty, but it's just not as tasty as I used to think it was.. . While Monta isn't my first choice anymore, I don't have any qualms on eating here. My best friend Tida C. is still a die-hard Monta lover so I'm sure they'll still be in my regular rotation of restaurants.. . The Miso broth isn't as rich and a little more salty than I remembered. And the flavors are more subtle than comparable broths I've had at other ramen places. Between Shoyu, Tonkatsu, and Miso, I consider Miso to be the tastiest of all of them.. . A couple of the reasons I still think Monta is awesome is their Togarashi (the red chili/pepper flakes on the table). I don't know how they make it or where they get it from, but no other togarashi is equal to that of Monta's. The blend of chili and other seasonings make it incredibly addicting and it has more spice (heat level) than others I've tried.. . And of course, they still hold true to carrying the freshest mentaiko in town. That mini mentaiko bowl is still my favorite app / side dish to a hot bowl of noodles.
The wait was reasonable, the prices were very reasonable and the food was delicious!
Food: 4. Service: 4. Atmosphere: 3. Cramped in a strip mall (which is of course typical in LV.). It is located in the same strip mall as another popular Japanese place, Raku.. . FIRST IMPRESSION and ORDERING. As we stood waiting for about maybe 15-20 min, we peeked over to the table of 4 who were eating on a table smack right next to the entry door where everyone was standing & waiting. We saw that the fried rice looked a tad greasy and so did the ramen broth. My dinner companion gave me that look of "hmmm" and I said "I guess we'll just try it since we're already here". We were curious to compare this to our usual Ramen Dojo (San Mateo, CA).. . We ordered one tonkotsu $6.95 (+egg $1.50  and corn $0.50), one shoyu ramen $6.95 with extra chasu (+4 pieces, $2.50) and one kimchi fried rice $6.95 (hoping this would be less greasy than the regular fried rice and it was slightly less common in the Ramen place).  Having not eaten lunch that day, we were huuungry and ready to devour our order as soon as it arrived. First impression: noodles presentation looked neat and mouthwatering; the ingredients were neatly arranged on top and the bowl of ramen looked quite appetizing. Especially with 2 hungry stomachs impatiently waiting to devour them. LOL. . . The broth didn't appear as greasy as my earlier glance at the previous table.  There was a curious black ring around each of the chasu (more about this later) that's usually not present in the other ramen's place chasu piece.  Interesting, we thought.. . The fried rice still looked a tad on the greasy side by the shines it showed. But in all fairness, I haven't ordered Japanese fried rice in a ramen place for some time. Maybe they all look like that.. . Now on to the fun part.. . FOOD. The broth on the tonkotsu ramen was delish. Slightly on the lighter side compared to Ramen Dojo, but it was still good. One big difference that made Ramen Dojo's broth more 'hearty' and tasty was the addition of chicken bits in their broths. If you like a lighter version of Tonkotsu broth, you will like Monta's version better.. . The shoyu broth was light yet had a lot of flavor. . . The tonkotsu bowl came with thin noodles. We both were very curious how good (smooth) this thin noodle would be. While not as 'smooth' as some of the other thin ramen noodles we've tried in Japan, we were pleasantly surprised at how smooth and tasty it was. So, thumbs up here.. . The noodles in the shoyu bowl was also pretty good. It is the yellow, thicker, curly kind; of course heavier than the one in the tonkotsu bowl, yet not super-heavy.. . As for the curious black ring around the chasu, as you probably have guessed, it is the pork skin. The skin itself was a real thin strip with a very thin layer of fat underneath it.  Including this skin gave the soup broth an extra flavor and aroma that distinguished it from other ramen's place broth. It was probably also why the half-finished ramen bowl we peeked earlier looked slightly greasier. I don't typically see this pork skin included in other ramen shop. This is a plus for the broth. The slightly greasier broth didn't quite happen as much in my bowl. 'cause I like to scrape off the fat under the pork skin. LOL. Another thumbs up!. . The last dish which was the kimchee fried rice ($6.95) was yum, though I still think it could be done with slightly less oil.  Unlike the rice bowl-sized portion that it often comes in, this fried rice came in a rounded square plate of the size that could've been a meal by itself.. . SERVICE. Service was friendly, efficient and brisk without making us feel rushed. But we did devoured our meal super fast and left quickly as a courtesy to the long lines of people waiting.. . Two thumbs up for this place.. . ANECDOTAL COMMENTS & OBSERVATIONS (mostly rhetorical). Why is it that most ramen house has the most 'house rules' posted on their outside window? No outside food. No outside drink. No tacos? (seriously, this place has a picture of tacos with a cross on it and Japanese writing).
There have been a number of ramen places that have popped up in Vegas since Monta, and I've also had ramen in Cali, so my rating has definitely changed since. Ya know, when you don't really know better.... . I'd still come back to this place, as it is the closest to me, and it's still pretty good, but the last time I was back here, I definitely noticed the taste difference in just everything.. . Ramen is still decent enough for a visit. They are almost always busy (especially since their place is quite small) and service never really falls short. It's such a small place that it's quite hard for the servers to ignore you.. . Still will be a regular to this particular ramen restaurant in Vegas, but 4 stars is the most I can give it now.. . & I always get the TONKOTSU SHOYU ramen :)!
I always have good dining experience here when I stop by. I am always prepared to wait a bit because the place is small, but I usually get lucky to snatch a bar seat. A and I are creatures of habit; so far we've ordered their pork belly bowl and tonkatsu ramen with all the trimmings. The pork belly bowl is delicious, perfect amount of meat for the rice, yet sometimes I find it a little bit on the greasy side. The tonkatsu ramen is good too. Fresh thin noodles with tasty broth. I think it's one of the best ramen houses in LV, but I've had better ramen when I used to live in the Bay area. I am still fan though, because the servers are quick and efficient. The prices are more than fair too so what's not to love?
Okay so I have been on a crazy ramen kick these last few weeks.  I can't seem to get sick of it, which really needs to happen soon because all this sodium is not condusive to my eating clean and healthy.. . I know I said in my Sora review that I probably would not go back to Monta after falling in deep and passionate love with my bowl of ramen at Sora, but I wanted to eat by myself today and I knew if I went to Monta, I could probably get a seat quicker than at Sora since Monta has the counter-top seating.  I used to go to Monta every Saturday for lunch by myself and noticed that there were a lot of people who like to eat there by themselves, which makes it easier and faster for me to get a seat.. . Today was so busy!  So busy in fact, that I still had to wait about 15 minutes before getting seated. They only have a couple of servers who also double (triples?) as hostesses and bussers so these ladies are running around like crazy.  Like Sora, I just find myself exremely impressed at how quickly they turn tables over without making you feel rushed when you're eating.  I love to sit at the counter-top and watch them making the ramen.  The guys are super nice and will usually chat a little bit when I've been there on Saturdays, but today he was constantly running around getting those delicious bowls of steaming ramen out of the kitchen.   . . Anyway, I don't have anything against Monta.  I just think Sora is way better.  However, I did leave there today feeling extremely happy and satisfied.  I always get the Tonkatsu-Shoyu with chasyu and nitamago.  One bowl of ramen is usually more than enough for me.  If I'm with someone, we will usually also get the gyoza, which are good but nothing special.  Today, however, I decided to try something new and adventurously ordered the kimchi fried rice.  Not sure why regular fried rice comes in a small and large, but add some kimchi to it and you can only get one size, which is a large serving.  But I'm glad I got it because it was freakin' wonderful!  The seasoning is just perfect and the kim chi is just subtle enought that it doesn't overpower the fried rice taste.  I can't wait to eat the leftovers!. . I still can't help but compare my ramen at Monta to my ramen at Sora, and though it falls short, I still really enjoy Monta as part of my ramen rotation and will continue to go there every once in a while.
This is the best place for Ramen in all of Vegas.  It is far superior to the Sora Ramen both in taste and cleanliness/price.  Pork belly is one of the best. Sister company of Goyemon (another favorite). . . Don't come here if you are in a hurry.  Waits during Sat for lunch can exceed 45mins.   They also don't take reservations and the entire place seats around 25 people max.  They should raise prices to keep the crowds away or expand into one of the neighboring suites due to high demand.. . I would give 5 stars if not for the wait (which is terrible).
Ordered Chasu Bowl while my boyfriend ordered Kimchi Fried Rice and Shoyu Ramen. Everything was so good and good portions. It's such an incredibly small place though. No reservations, wait could be extremely long if its busy.
Went with friend and his wife for dinner. Very small shop in a lot near the end of chinatown. I did notice it was the only place that seemed busy besides the bar. Might be worried on wait during peak times, but wasn't too long for us, 15-20min. Ordered the miso ramen. Noodles were good texture and bite, broth was decent. Service was good too. Overall pretty decent.
I like the ramen here ,they are the best in town!price is reasonable,food is yummy and the waitressis sweet. They are traditional japanese girls ,very gentle and quiet ,not like some other places waiter or waitress always yelling at chefs in the kitchen.you will feel comfortable when you are dinning there.a good place for couples and lovers .
Monta is one of my favorite Japanese Ramen in town.   It's so tasty that it got famous and was featured on Travel Channel.  The chef claim you couldn't get the ingredient/recipe here and it came straight from Japan.  The noodle is very tasty.  Few things I don't like about the the Ramen is that the soup is got way too much oil in there which is not drinkable.. . If you are looking for restaurant to socialize with your friends, this is definitely not the spot for you.  The turn over is very fast, people Eat and Go quick and you have people wait in line in a very small space and everyone will be staring at you waiting LOL...  Not a spot to hang out.  But Food is good.
I come here for the TONKOTSU RAMEN w/ a few orders of the KAIDAMA. In the summer time, I hit up the HIYASHICHUKA (my favorite). . . Seating is very limited and depending on where you get seated, I have no room to get too comfy. A few times, I was elbow to elbow with my people sitting next to me. . . Other than that all I have to say is: RAMEN DAISUKI!!!
One of the better noodle houses in town.  Very small and usually there is a bit of a wait.  I love the Tonkatsu with egg and extra noodle.  The broth is savory with a kiss of salty pork.  The noodles are always cooked to perfection.  I've tried my wife's Shoyu, and it's ok, but the flavor is in the Tonkatsu Ramen.  Great food at a very great price.  If you are in that part of town, it's one of the best Ramen.
Don't go here. Seriously. The wait is bad enough already. Their ramen is one of the few foods that leaves me thinking about it and dreaming about it after a visit. The flavors are complex but complimentary and an excellent value. Biggest changes that would up the rating are a) a bigger space and b) more attentive/personalized service. Don't go there.
This place hits the spot if you want some good ole ramen!! Not the best I've had but the best in Vegas.
Now to start, the reason I gave four stars it because the customer service can be terrible. I once brought 6 friends (all who had never been there before) to try it. There tables are only made to seat 4 at most, and even though there was an empty table and the one next to it had just paid and was ready to leave, instead of waiting 5 minutes and seating us THEY SAT THE EMPTY TABLE. After we had already been WAITING FOR 45 MINUTES, they again wanted us to wait for two tables to clear out at the same time. Not gonna lie, I lost my s***.  Then, to try and make it up to us they tried to offer us bar seats (after I made it perfectly clear in the beginning that we wanted a table) and we just picked up and left. Apparently bringing more than 4 people and asking for a table is too complicated for the waitresses to handle and caused their brains to melt.. . Other than that, I have never had a problem with their service there and their ramen is the best I have ever had. Even my half Japanese cousin (who is from Tokyo) said that it's the closest to Japanese ramen you can get in the states. It's always crowded now (a testament to how good it is) so be prepared to wait. But the wait is usually not too long since they get people in and out as fast as they can.. . In conclution: Never arrive in a group of more than 4 people (or you will overload the poor waitresses' brains, heaven forbid) and you will have a fabulous dinner. :)
Oooooh Monta. Why does your restaurant have to be the size of my closet and your service atrocious so I have to give you 4 stars instead of 5?  I really like their ramen.  I repeat, I REALLY like their ramen.  But man, everything else is annoying. . . I came here with a group of 5 once (all newcomers so I was trying to show off the place).  Luckily, we showed up right when they opened so we got seated right away.  We were all squished on a table that clearly should have supported only 4 full grown adults.  But the ramen is so tender, the broth so hearty and flavorful, and the boiled egg and yolk so delicious.. . On another occasion, I came here for dinner with 1 other person and ended up waiting about 1.5 hours because the place is so darn busy and there aren't enough seats.  I kid you not.  Several times we thought about leaving but couldn't come up with an alternative ramen joint that was remotely as good.  It's absolute cruelty.. . Also, they don't seat you unless your entire party is there.  And I wouldn't recommend going with a party bigger than 4 or it's almost impossible to find somewhere to sit.  While their ramen is super delicious, they really need to move to a bigger location and give their staff some customer service classes.
Here's a place to visit. . To dispel the hypnotic clouds of Nissin that hang ominously over our great America; . To be righteously warmed during these cold desert nights;. To understand (again and again) what your food-veteran of an uncle is talking about -- about long lines mid-winter up in northern Japan, you know? -- when the two of you are caught in a suitably similar 40-minute wait in front of a tiny ramen-ya (again and again).. ...etc.. . Point being, Monta is a great introduction into ramen, a trial by fire if you're lucky. . Yes, you will likely have to stand around the door before you get to eat, . yes, you may have to sit by some suspiciously tipsy dude if you're up at the counter, . and yes, you might not even be impressed, despite what Yelp and your hipster friend says. . But that's all okay, I promise, it is what it is. It really is great ramen. . . Monta is definitely worth the visit. It's not the best ramen ever, with the chashu a bit too fatty, the miso a bit too salty upfront sometimes, and the gyoza totally unremarkable. But the broth is hot, delicious, and flavorful, and the noodles are top-notch. It's good, okay? Go.
The smell of the soup brings you in from blocks away.. dont let the surroundings of this place bring sour grapes to your plate... its good eats! . the chashu is literally MELT in your MOUTH good ( droooolll) If i could do it all over again i would of ordered extra chashu with my lunch. . Its a nice change to have a mixed broth... it isnt something that you get to try everyday unless you decide to do some mixology right on your table. . My only thing that i noticed is the noodles are not made at the store and for that reason they ended up with 4 stars instead of 5. . Also tried the pork belly bowl not bad.. but really really thin pork belly and not much of it to start with.... great with kimchi! . ps.. remember all "extras" come with a price tag so asking for extra kimchi or green onion they will charge you and not tell you that you are being charged to them its universally understood that there's no free lunch with this world.. or well.. free.. anything.. But at $7 per bowl of ramen its a STEAL!
What an incredible value.  I got the tonkotsu, it comes with two big pieces of melty pork belly, and I added an egg.  The broth is good, not great depth, but definitely  very good.  The noodles are the straight kind.. . Service was excellent.  A woman chef was in charge of the kitchen, she totally commanded it.  That was cool.
Pro: yum! I like the thin noodles, but I usually focus on the broth. I got the tonkatsu miso and it was an delicious blend of pork and chicken.. . Con: the wait. Also, there is no spicy version of ramen
This is where I lost my ramen virginity so I can't say if it's the best but I truly enjoyed it.. . There was a bit of a wait but I am told this is normal.  Its a small space and a bit noisy so don't expect a quit spot.. . The food was great, cheap and served fast.
Best Ramen Place.. . The only reason it gets a four star is that it's impossible to go there without waiting in line which is a deal breaker when you don't have much time. They should definitely get a little larger place.. . Other than that, again, best ramen I ever tasted :)
Yummy!  Went straight here on a wet, rainy night after driving into Vegas from Arizona.  It was packed! Even at 9:30pm, but they were able to get the four of us in within 15-20 mins, which wasn't too bad.  I'd recommend going with one other person rather than a large group though.  The place is pretty tiny, and the smaller tables turn quicker, and you also usually have the option to sit at the bar.  I ordered the tonokatsu ramen and it was definitely worth the wait.  The soup was deep in flavor, delicious, and pork was extremely tender and yummy.  The soup was just a tad salty for me, which made me want to order more ramen (which you can do), to soak up all the yumminess.  If it were just a little less salty, I probably would have just stuck a straw in it.  I will definitely be coming back during my future visits to Vegas!
Monta is located in back of Seoul Plaza.  It is easy to drive pass this plaza looking for Monta.  Look for the plaza that says MASSAGE or OZZIES.. . I got to try the Miso ramen and the tonkotsu ramen.  The default ramen does not come with an egg.  Both miso broth and tonkotsu broth was flavorful.  I liked the tonkotsu broth more.  . . The only other ramen place that I tried in Vegas is Anime ramen.  . Monta is better than Anime.
Yes ramen after a drunken night is always good, mainly wanted the broth. My friend who lives in Vegas recommended this place as one of the better ramen places in Vegas while also informing me that it still won't be like the ones in LA haha. So sure why not?. . The establishment is rather small, they do have bar seats and do try their best to make the place look like an authentic ramen place. The pricing seemed fair but the bowl sizes were a bit smaller than I was use to, but whatever, because when it came out it, the broth was still delicious to me. . . Like many other ramen places, the menu is simple, they have pictures and which broth you would like, I went with the miso and added an egg, it didn't take long to get here and it tasted great.
Chaysu with egg and corn!. . That pork meat is so tender and fatty! Yes fatty! But it's delicious! Get your ramen, slurp it up, get out. . . Super small restaurant.
Not bad at all.. Most people came for the Ramen. but their cold noodle w/ sesame souse is quite nice.. My GF if vegetarian so this was the only thing she can eat here. A little disappointed in the beginning while found out this is the only vegetarian dish on the menu. However, after the first bite it turns out very good, refreshing and flavorful. People should try it! Highly recommend! Especially during the summer month while it is melting hot at Vegas...
t's a really good sign when you roll into a restaurant at 10:15 PM on a Monday and there's a wait.  . . This place is no-nonsense.  Simple Japanese dishes served fresh and fast.  There is probably only room for maybe 40-50 people at max.  . . They do Ramen, fried rice, gyoza, draft beer (Asahi), and canned tea.  Tried the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen, added egg, shredded green onion and a dash of shichimi it was a hardy and satisfying meal and good.. . All in, this bowl of ramen was only$10 and maybe less.  I. Best Ramen I ever tasted, no- respectable and tasty, yes!  When you factor in the price this place probably deserves 4.5 stars, when you factor in the fact that we are in Vegas, and a small restaurant in an inconspicuous stripmall is thriving- they deserve 5-stars. I'm taking a star away for only offering canned tea.  . . I mean even if you don't want to do a pots of tea, a cup, microwaved hot water and a bag isn't hard or expensive, fail.  . . I gladly would have shelled out $2-3 for a cup of fresh hojicha, that probably had about a cost o f.14
We were lucky to come right before it got busy. The girl seemed a little unprofessional when serving us. This is what I call simple and authentic ramen. Nothing fancy. Just simply delicious. I can tell the work that is put into this by the flavor of the broth. That is the most important component of a bowl of ramen for me. It was rich and flavorful. I wish the noodles was a bit thicker. The thin strand is not really my favorite. Chashu was sliced to a perfect medium thickness. I love how all the components come together to make such a great bowl at an awesome price.
I blame Monta Ramen for my random cravings of ramen. A dish I thought people were insane to desire and stand in line for. I'm not one of those people I once judged. :( DAMN YOU Monta!. . The vibe here is clean and chill. Describe this place in one word is impossible. There is always a wait here. The place packs the crowd and flavors. This isn't somewhere you want to go if your party exceeds more than 5-6 people. . . The ramen is tasty and reasonable priced. The Kim Chee fried rice is delish! The gyoza is pretty tasty too. . . If you plan on headed here for some dinner and casual conversation...don't. Enjoy the dinner but take your casual conversation elsewhere because sitting their too long and not eating is just being selfish to people who also want to indulge in the warmth and tastiness of Monta Ramen!
A friend from Los Angeles recommended this ramen joint to me.  "Not the same but good enough" were his exact words comparing it to Daikokuya.  Monta Ramen is literally in the midst of other small Asian food joints in a mini-strip mall in Las Vegas' Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.  I honestly would have not known this place existed if my friend didn't tell me  about it.  Parking was, for one, a bit limited.  . . I walked in to a small, maybe 6 (or 7?)  tables and the counter bar, stuffy and unventilated ramen joint.  It had the same feel of Daikokuya:  cramped and rushed.  There were people standing, waiting and blocking the door.  I was offered to sit on the bar but there was no elbow room so I stood up and told the lady I would wait for a table instead.  The wait staff are Japanese, but noticed 2 Latinos working behind the bar/kitchen with an Asian guy.  Red flag I thought but then again I saw the framed accolades from different local papers and publications honoring and awarding Monta as the Best or one of the Best in Las Vegas.   . . I sat down in one of the small tables and ordered their tonkatsu ramen ($6.95).   The bowls are smaller, I noticed, and they're somewhat stingy with everything, including the broth and the toppings.  I had a couple small slices of chasu, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, and green onions.  Mine didn't come with marinated boiled egg.  I come to find out that you can order the toppings for extra charge.  Really? for an egg? . . The broth was a bit salty to my liking, heavy and tasted like it was enriched with milk or cream, or maybe miso.  The wavy thinner noodleswere somewhat seasoned too, but not overwhelmingly salty.  Their chasu, however, is to die for!  It's perfectly seasoned, cooked, caramelized and charred to my personal standards!  For that alone, I will come back and try their chasu rice bowl.  For their ramen soups?  I might try a different one the next time around, and maybe request thicker noodles.. . Sidenote:  Monta Ramen was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health Department in mid March 2013 for 47 demerits, but have since re-inspected and reopened.
This is definitely not the ramen I had in college.  The place is small so if you come here late, I imagine the wait will be long.  I got here when they opened and there's already a small line.. . I ordered the chicken and pork broth combo with thin noodles.  It is the best that I have eaten and will probably come back when I'm in town again.
I used to wonder how people could get excited about Ramen.  To me it was a perfectly serviceable bowl of protein, carbs and veg.  Now that I've discovered Monta I know what I was missing.  We've been 3 times in the last month and it's turned into something I CRAVE.  I go for the Shoyu Ramen with corn (I like the extra crunch it brings) and a side of kimchi is a must.  I know they're just pulling it out of a big jar but whatever brand of kimchi is in that big jar it's darned delicious!  We've had to wait a couple of times but on this last visit at about 5pm on a Saturday we walked right in.  Love the vibe...small, bustling, feels like Tokyo!
The only reason why Im giving this as 4 star due to the space it has. But I also realize japanese ramen houses are very similiar. But yes I love the tonkatsu and man let me tell you. This i feel is one of the authentic kinds of ramen places in Las Vegas. I love it so much i can wait over an hour for it. :) I have not tried other recipes.
Monta Ramen, you have yet to be dethroned as my number 1 ramen joint. If only you did not have 1-2 hours waiting time, you and I can get married.  . . Check out my Monta Ramen (Hakata) vs Ramen Sora (Sapporo) review here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=b_9bJ2YjHbbvAob56f6U7A. . Want to see some food porn?. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#LpKw1AurwdwET8QrRRONgw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#m4yXnNO5Vc6iK6pNgUKqOA
On my last trip to Vegas, I finally got to eat at the legendary Monta Ramen.  This place has been on my "to do" list since I lived here 3 yrs ago.  I've tried at least a dozen times to go, but because this place is so small, the wait is usually very long and I'm not patient enough to wait in a long line for Ramen.  However, this past trip we went at a great time in-between lunch/dinner when there was no wait list.. . I ordered:. . Small Fried Rice, $3.95. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=w5AX4KwSXtzmxSEt-vej8g#w5AX4KwSXtzmxSEt-vej8g. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=391aM_l0lDis4oAtZPcTaw#391aM_l0lDis4oAtZPcTaw. . Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen, $7.25. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=cMExaL7ebqN31EuREScnlg#cMExaL7ebqN31EuREScnlg. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=g152vHdE64gsXDp65vDoGg#g152vHdE64gsXDp65vDoGg. . Miso Ramen (no meat), $7.25. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=N4jGhfIm1nN5oyNe0EwrIQ#N4jGhfIm1nN5oyNe0EwrIQ. . The portions here are much smaller than other Ramen places I've been to.  If you're accustomed to the large portions in So Cal Ramen joints, be warned that the portions here is about 3/4 those portions.  The Fried Rice was very good and hit the spot.  The Ramen was very good, full of flavor.  I had the Veggie Miso Ramen and it was awesome.  The Better Half had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well.. . Other notes:  They make the Ramen fresh to order, so it's a bit of a wait.  There's also counter seating available for convenience.  We sat at the counter and watched them make the dishes....pretty cool.. . Did it live up to the hype?  It met my expectations and was definitely 4 Stars in my opinion.. . Return Factor - 80%
One of the best ramen places in town. The wait is long at peak times but it's worth it. They use a pork-based broth, not dashi. If you hate dashi-based ramen, you'll like this place. It's a very hard-to-describe flavor. It's very flavorful and savory, and the noodles are perfect. The pork was also good to nibble on. I also tried the stir fried rice. Pretty decent but too many scallions for my liking. I liked it better than Hana Ichimonme in Los Angeles but I admit that could be also due to it being 5 months since I ate there.
a must visit late night food spot in Vegas. You will love their ramen especially when you come here after drinking and party. But the ramen itself is pretty delicious, too.
Was looking for a ramen fix that hasn't been satisfied since a trip to NYC's Totto Ramen.  This place was a good fix, though incomparable to Totto.  . Came here during Sunday lunch and had a 30 minute wait in the small shop that probably seats 30.  Service was fairly quick, got my food within 5 minutes of ordering.  Fried rice was really good, would definitely get again.  Got the ramen with thick noodles- thanks fellow yelpers for the recommendation.  The thick noodles are the normal size at other restaurants- nice and chewy.  Broth was good but not as creamy as other places I've been to.  Wished the pork slices were smoked like at Totto, would have added to the flavor.
I came on a Saturday around 11:30.  its a tiny little place so where was already a line.  We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for 2 seats at the counter.  It was worth the wait!. . The Service ---. The service is fine.  Took our order quickly, food came out quickly and brought our check as soon as we were done.  Exactly what you need in a tiny restaurant like that.. . The Food ---. We had the miso ramen, Tonkatsu ramen and pork belly bowl.  Tonkatsu ramen was definitely better than the miso.  It had more flavor.  Get the skinny noodles!  They were cooked perfectly.  Not too hard like most places.  The pork belly bowl was pretty delicious as well.  The best part was that they had this garlic sauce that you could put in your ramen.  Literally put 2 heaping spoonfuls.  Mmm mmmmmm!!!. . The Prices ---. The ramen was about $7 each and the pork belly bowl was $5.75.  What a steal!!. . I wish there was one in LA so I could eat it more often!
Judging by the constant lines and Japanese clientele, this place is legit. And because it's seemingly authentic, vegetarian ramen is a mere fantasy here. All ramen options are pork-based. While not a place for vegetarians, Monta is a great spot for a hangover cure after too much partying. The consensus from my carniovore/omnivore buddies was that the broths were tasty but a tad too salty towards the end. One friend observed a person eating rice on the side with his/her ramen, perhaps a good solution to the saltiness.. . Because I didn't have a non-meat option for soup, I got two bowls of the mentaiko on rice instead. Mentaiko atop rice is nowhere near as tasty as the noodle version. Also, butter seemed to missing from the fish egg mixture. I probably won't order this again if I return. The vegetable gyozas are probably worth trying, though.. . Service is pretty good for such a fast-paced dining environment; the staff really know how to manage lines and to keep things moving along without being rude or giving you the impression that you were being kicked out. I'd definitely recommend this to any person looking for a soothing soup after a night of endless drinks.
Best ramen in town!. . This intimate little gem was once a hidden secret. Hard to spot off the busy street, tucked away back in a tiny shopping center. Now this booming ramen shop is busier than ever, and the ramen is still top of its game.  . Offering quick and cheap eats, this menu may be small, but there is nothing small about the taste. Kimchee fried rice is a must. Monta offers 4 different broths, numerous toppings as well as sides and like gyoza, fried rices, bowls, etc. Definitely one of my favs
I've been a regular at Monta for a few years now.I recommened the Tonkotsu or the Tonkotsu-shoyu.I really enjoy the Tonkotsu broth.I like to order extra Chashu pork along with ni-tamago (boiled egg).Montas Ramen noodles are good also,not like some other places that seem like they busted the noodles out of a package(Not that I think all packaged Ramen is bad).So if you want to try out Ramen for the first time or you just want good ramen ,I recommend Monta.Oishi!
Best ramen in town, fried rice is off the chin chain, only thing is that it's a real small spot.
Monta has so much hype because of Food Network. I know the majority of the time it is packed and waits are long so I only recently got to try the ramen here. I got gyoza as an appetizer and I can confidently say that this is the best gyoza I've ever tried. Really good stuff and I get gyoza quite often. My ramen was pretty good. The broth was good and the noodles cooked nicely. No complaints really but I expected a little more because of the hype. I personally prefer the Ramen Sora broth but I understand why so many come to Monta.
Eating Ramen while it's 106 degree heat? Yup, it definitely was the first experience of that. For some weird reason I was craving for some ramen in the middle of night, so decided to give it a shot before leaving Vegas.. . Ordered:. . 1 Shoyu Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=S6GjWA8YTXDsJVdXtLUM6A&userid=xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g) - for those who don't eat pork, this bowl is the way to go!  Chicken based soup that's not too salty and not greasy. The noodles were cooked perfectly, which is always a +.  The only tiny thing they could probably improve on is to have the egg yolk more runny. . . 2. Fried Rice (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=EQy8G0ot2T5Vj1nQyFUtAA&userid=xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g) - very good fried rice, yummy tasting, delicious, fatty, but not sure if it's one of the best I've ever had like other review said. . . Would definitely return again on a non-summer day!. . . Tip: Be prepare to wait cause the long can be long!
I figured I had to try Monta Ramen since it has been considered to be one of the best in Vegas.  It wasn't too crowded when I came by, so my experience went by pretty quick as they were fast to bring out my ramen.. . Based on the waitress recommendation I went with their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen --  http://bit.ly/ZgoKXE. I went really simple with this and figured if they can get this right, then everything else should be good.  It was pretty good ramen.  Not really the best I've had though, but still good enough to be very comforting and filling.. . I'll have to pay another visit to Monta Ramen again in the future  I'd love to try their rice dishes and all their other hot dishes.  I'll be looking forward to it!
Purpose of visit: light lunch in anticipation of a big dinner later that night. Ordered a bowl of TonkoTsu ramen with Gyoza And an egg omelette. Service was quick and efficient. We got lucky and were seated before the crowd showed up.usually a wait to sit down in the small restaurant. Ramen flavor was good. Portion was just right for a light lunch. Solid place and very reasonably priced.
I figured this place deserved an update after reading my first short and irrelevant review.. . Yes, this place is still the best ramen house in Vegas. Y U STILL NO GIVE 5 STARS?!?! Monta is extremely successful and always busy lately. However, they're still stuck in the same small cramped place. Opening a new Monta location would really mitigate the wait time. I also feel that service is a hit and miss (not that its ever been bad, just sometimes its not great.) . . Now here's the best part about Monta: the flavors here are delicious! The four ramen flavors they sell here are Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Tonkotsu-Shoyu, and Miso. Personally, my favorites are Tonkotsu and Tonkotsu-Shoyu. I love the texture of the thin noodles from the Tonkotsu ramen and sometimes I'm up for the fatty cloudy broth of Tonkotsu, but sometimes I want something a little lighter so I order the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. Most my friends enjoy the thick noodles so they order the Shoyu or Miso. My recommendation is to order Tonkotsu with kimchi. I feel like the pickled taste of kimchi cuts through the thick taste of Tonkotsu ramen nicely so you get lots of flavor of savory and a little sour from the kimchi. Also try some sesame seeds to get a little nutty taste too!. . If you've never had a bowl of authentic ramen, I HIGHLY recommend coming to Monta. If you are a ramen fanatic, I would say this place definitely satisfies the ramen craving. Happy eats!
First time having ramen and this place was a great introduction!  I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with the nitamago (seasoned hard-boiled egg) and double corn.  Delicious.  The broth was not salty, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and the corn and egg complimented the dish.  My companions ordered Kimchi and I've only had Kimchi once before and did not like it; however, the Kimchi at this place was quite yummy. We also ordered the Pork Belly Bowl - also wonderful.  The only complaint I have about Monta Ramen is that it's is a small restaurant.  I think there were only 7 tables and then the space at the bar.  We came at a decent time so we didn't have to wait too long to be seated. I'd definitely come again!
Interested what a bowl of ramen taste like instead of a cup O noodle soup . The best ramen in all of Las Vegas . Only 4 stars though because if your the waitress and you see ten people with bowed heads saying grace before the meal wait till we're done dont yell out " ramen ramen ramen" have some respect.
Omg, what a great idea to come after a night of hard partying at EDC. My friend found Monta Ramen on Yelp, and once our whole crew woke up from drunken slumber, we hopped in our car and headed straight for ramen!!. . I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen which is the most popular and also the Takana friend rice. The soup for the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen was a little bit salty, but the pork was the best thing ever. Wow, it is so tender and tasty, totally worth it- just don't finish the soup. I wish there were more pieces in my ramen, but you can always add more! Also, as recommended by our waitress, the Takana friend rice is a must. It was really delicious and I wish my stomach would have let me eat more. . . Overall, Monta Ramen is a cute little ramen place in the Chinatown/ asia food area off the strip. The food is decent, great for hangovers and the service is also really friendly. Although where we sat is spacious, this place gets super packed. Prepare yourself for a wait because the restaurant is small and can only accommodate a few tables / seating at the bar at a time.
If you are craving ramen in vegas and have a car, this is the place to get it.  It def hits the spot when you are hungover.. . i'll give it 4 stars for vegas ramen...although it doesnt come close to the ramen in cali ;)
My husband and I are ramen snobs for sure, and this place was amazing.  One star short of 5 because they didn't have a straight chicken ramen.  Yeah, I know it's not traditional, but we're from L.A. and my husband is spoiled.  The tonkotsu is fabulous, and pairing with an icy cold Asahi made it even more so.  . . A tiny joint in Chinatown that is way worth the trip off the Strip - you'll spend less for dinner for two here than you will for one lousy drink at a Strip casino!
I really enjoy coming here when i can. Tonkotsu ramen with extra Tonkotsu. always leave with a very satisfied stomach. . . Typical ramen prices, great ambience, despite how small the place is, but i still don't mind how busy and loud it can get. Simple, short review for a great ramen house.
Ramen is delicious.  Thumbs up!
I've heard very good things about Monta. The wait was pretty long because it's a pretty small place but it was worth it. I got the Miso ramen and it was pretty good but too salty for me. Next time Igo I'll be sure to try a different one.
Ramen houses are great and it's nice to see this one.  One of best I've been too.  The soup stock is amazing and I tried them all.  I like the Tonkotsu and the Shio ones the best.  Toppings are nice and fresh.  Prices are cheap.  You can tell that this is a good place since there is always a line outside.  They do have limited seating, but seem to deliver the food quickly.  Every time I'm in Vegas, I make it here despite all the other ramen choices.
Small hole in the wall place, worth searching for. Limited menu, awesome place if you're craving for ramen.  Small menu, very reasonable.  every time I've been there I had to wait about 15 min.worth the wait
I love eating here. Whenever I'm craving Ramen, I know to hit up Monta. Their place is rather small and it's quite popular, so if they could just get another bigger location or something, it would be perfect. Sometimes there's a long wait, so it's a hassle to sit outside in the heat, but once we're in, and we have our food, it's all worth it! The food is inexpensive and delicious! I only want to also add that if your order is less than $10 or something, you cannot use your card, which was a huge inconvenience for me twice when I went.
I want to start by subtracting the one star because the restaurant was uncomfortably hot - at least where I was seated, it was. I was at the end of the bar practically inside the kitchen. There was a wait, as usual, but as usual, the wait is worth it. I brought a ramen enthusiast friend from out of town. He ordered the tonkatsu shoyu ramen with egg and I ordered the tonkatsu ramen with mustard greens. We also split an order of the pork belly over rice. LET ME TELL YOU. This pork belly over rice was so silky and delicious that I didn't want my ramen anymore. I didn't even need the pork belly. The oils and the flavors of the pork just sinks into the rice and the rice alone is OUT OF THIS WORLD. The ramen is no joke either. The texture of the noodles stays perfect throughout the entire meal. They don't become so bloated with soup that they turn into mush. I hate mushy noodles. My friend ate his entire ramen bowl down to the last drop of soup! Now heed this warning: The portion sizes are not of America! If you think you are going to get this huge bowl of unfinishable noodles and broth, YOU'RE A GLUTTON. The portion size is just right and leaves you with JUST enough room for you to share an appetizer and have a cup of tea. This isn't the type of place for socializing. Eat your noodles and GTFO so that all of the other hopeful patrons can share a piece of the heaven that you have just experienced.
Best ramen spot in Vegas. The restaurant is small but that's what I like about it. The food is really good. I always get the miso ramen with thin noodles,corn and nitamago "soft boiled egg". Also the gyoza is really good. If your looking for a great local Asian spot this is for you.
Solid ramen joint. Small place away from the Vegas Strip (you'll need to cab it). Two kinds of noodles - if you're looking for the standard noodle, it's the bigger one. The chashu was really good, super tender. The nitamago was done really well. I had the tonkatsu-shoyu broth, which I liked a lot. My sister had the miso broth - SUPER SALTY!!
The ramen in Japan is better, of course, but this is very close!!! Very good ramen. It's just WAYYY too small and I don't like how they charge extra for the egg and such. In Japan it came with it!
My first time here and I can say this: . I WILL BE BACK AGAIN. . The place is a little small, you have to wait get a spot to sit but: . The food is hot and fresh, it is coming out quick from the kitchen. . The two servers are making sure your drink is full. . All in all great food great time. . Come here :)
If youre tired of the food on the strip and craving ramen this is the spot. From what the locals tell me the line can be insane at times. I came late night and to my surprise the restaurant was packed.. . I didn't expect ramen in Vegas to be up par with LA and Bay Area. The ramen varieties were limited to only 4: Shio, Shoyu, Tonkatsu, and Tonkatsu Shoyu.  I've been spoiled by Ramen Parlor with variety.  Definitely worth checking out if you have a ramen craving and in try Las Vegas surrounding area.
The ramen here is just 5 star perfect, flavors are delicate and unique, Gyoza is perfect too. Usually packed to the max, waitress is super rude with some BS attitude, wonder where it came from. Wish they were friendlier, would make this place a 5 star.
The food is amazing but the service isn't that great. I always love the food here, it's the best in Vegas. Their one in Henderson is better, but the service here depends on who's working. But other than that the food is great. Haven't had time to try the new soup yet, but I will pretty soon.
Small ramen restaurant but can definitely hit the spot. Be sure to account for the wait but if you want to sit at the bar you might get lucky. Would recommend going during off peak hours so you can get seated quick. The ramen isn't as salty as others but it is still pretty tasty. I didn't leave this place thirsty like I normally do for other ramen places.
Mmm, monta! Get in mah belly!. . +Authentic Japanese ramen shop off the strip. I mean who would have thought?! The waitresses and head chef are Japanese and speak it fluently. Always a good sign!. . +Monta has 4 soup broth to choose from: Tonkotsu, tonkotsu-shoyu, shoyu, and miso. Always nice to have varieties since I'm sick of just eating tonkotsu at every single ramen shop. My boyfriend and I both ordered Tonkotsu-Shoyu but I opted for chijire men (thick, wavy noodles) and it was awesome! The noodles had great consistency and the soup was spot on.. . +Their 6 piece gyoza tasted like legit ramen shop gyozas. Yum!. . . -Limited seatings. There are four desks that seats four people, one desk that seats two people, and 9 seats available at the counter.. . -Line forms even before opening! My boyfriend and I got to Monta a little too early around 11AM. We were waiting in the car and people started trickling in around 11:15AM and there was mini line formed already before opening! Since it's limited seating, the people in line will fill up the restaurant and there will be constant flow of customers/wait time during lunch peak hours.. . -I read someone's review that they had great fried rice so I ordered it but it was a-okay. I've had better ramen shop fried rice before so I will not order it again if I visit Monta.. . Monta needs to definitely open a shop in LA. Cannot wait to eat Monta until my next visit to Vegas!
Great food, quick service and fantastic prices!
When I think of Ramen, I think of Instant Cup O Noodles or the Pre Packaged ones that you pay like 5 bucks for a big bulk box at Wal Mart.. . Not until a friend of my wife mentioned this place that we stopped by to check it out. That's when I found out that this is not your ordinary dollar store ramen. . . Their menu is pretty simple. You pick which noodle bowl you want, choose whatever you want to add to it (like a hard boiled egg for example) for an extra charge of course.. . They also have other items like gyoza (pot stickers) and fried rice.. . Service is above average and it should be because you can only fit so many people in this tiny place. So slow service with an excuse of "Sorry, we are really busy today"  will not fly with me. Memo to those that eat here: Once you're done eating, please pay and move on with your life! I have seen people finish their meal and proceed to just shoot the breeze for another 15 to 20 minutes while you have 6 to 10 people waiting for a spot.. . Some random info. Make sure to sign in to your right as soon as you come in so they know who got next. Don't just stand there and expect for them to remember if you came in before somebody else. If you see lots of people outside just standing there, chances are you will be waiting for a bit before getting a table. For those that are chopstick challenged like me, they will not give you a fork unless you ask because you are already given chopsticks by default. All the condiments you need like sesame seeds, soy sauce, etc are right there on your table.. . So you see their operation is simple. It's just that their space might seem constricting especially if you have claustrophobia.
we love going to this place, yummy food for sure.
So I went to Monta twice last week due to them adding two new flavors and I had to try them.  . . Kuro Ramen:  Kuro means "black" for all you japanophiles.  The color comes from them adding Ma-yu (not to be confused with ra-yu), which is sesame oil with roasted garlic which gives it garlic flavor while adding blackish color.  To be quite honest, this ramen was not good at all.  I was expecting a punchy garlic flavor which it had very little of, and the broth....damn....what happened?  It was bland.  It taste as bland as Ramen Shoku's tonkotsu.  I had to believe that they were using a different broth for this ramen as I tasted my daughter's tonkotsu and it was totally different.  I would give it 2 stars.  Pretty crappy ramen if you ask me.  I would NOT recommend it.  . . Spicy Tokotsu Ramen:  This is somewhat similar to spicy miso at Ramen Sora in a way tha they just add spicy miso which you can mix to give it a little kick.  The base Tokotsu ramen is identical and I enjoyed the extra spicy kick to the regular rich tonkotsu broth.  It was also moderately spicy (for me), and I liked the fact that the spicy miso was viscous enough that I could adjust the amount of kick I wanted as I didn't want ALL of it.  I would give it solid 4+ stars for it.  . . With all that Monta has done to Las Vegas' ramen scene, I would still give them a 4, even though their new Kuro ramen was a complete failure.  . . I'm also finding that ramen chefs of recent has become noticeably hispanic, and ramen noodles seem to be a bit overcooked for my taste.  If I see that the noodle isn't as firm as I like it next time, I will drop them down to 3 stars....watch out Monta...there are some real competitions now.
I think besides there's just one other ramen place to compare this to in Vegas and I haven't been to the other one yet. Came here for a late lunch and waited for about 10 mins as the place is small. Not going to compare this to places in LA since I've had better. We ordered their fried rice with pork to start off and I'd have to say it's definitely one of the best I've had. Delicious and plenty of taste with this dish. I would have to order it again the next time I come.. . I ordered their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen which means "pork bone and special shoyu base" ramen. Bowl size and portion was just perfect but I could've easily ordered another set of ramen because I was that hungry that day but controlled myself. Soup based wise, it was kind of salty. Ramen though was perfect and the mix of chashu and egg was perfect since I usually have these at other ramen restaurants. . . If you're in the mood for a good ramen place while you're in Vegas visiting, Monta Ramen is the place to check out. Though soup base can be a bit salty meaning it's probably because of too much MSG, taste wise of the noodles can't go wrong.
Its nice to try out Ramen in different places .. they all have their style of perfecting it.
I love ramen, but their food has enough oil to fuel your car on your way back home. Their noodles are so gooood. They don't have that "instant" noodle flavor like some restaurants do. I will always come back, but why does it have to be so fattening!?! -_-
Love this place !!! Even though it's kindda small. So we always have to wait to get to sit down. But that doesn't stop us from going back there from time to time :).
Excellent broth for the raman I'm highly recommend it. The meat is very tender, the noodles has just enough tenderness and chewiness to it.
Food was awesome every time I've been there.  The only down side is that the place is about the size of small master bedroom....so get there eary be prepared to wait.. decause it is worth it
My friend said this was like stepping into a noodle shop in Tokyo--so it turned out to be an adventure for us.  We got there around 10pm on a Friday night and the parking lot was jam packed, with some crazy drivers circling round and round for a space.  Friend got in sooner than I did and found two seats at the counter, but she was hassled a bit by the server she called the soup Nazi, who demanded to know how much longer before I showed up.  (I was parking for goodness sake.)  People were starting to line up outside the door, it's such a tiny place.  We both ordered to tonkatsu ramen, mine with butter and corn, which added to the rich broth.  I keep forgetting to tell them to hold the bamboo shoots.  The chashu was tasty, but just a bit on the chewy side and it's worthy of a youtube video to see me try to separate it with my hashi or do the bite and yank technique while slurping the noodles and broth.  Fun experience pretending we were in a Japan noodle house. We'll go back to try a different broth and see if the chashu is more tender earlier in the day.
Good ramen is a warm hug from a beautiful friend!. . I have ramen every 10 days religiously, but I frequent another ramen shop down the street a bit and had never been in Monta previously.  Monta is very good...they do you a solid here with their flavors.  The cramped little space and bustling turnover carries a positive energy with it... if you aren't waiting at rush hour.  That being said, Monta is not my favorite, and while I would happily come back, I probably won't too often since my favorite is so close.. . I am all about the miso ramen, so I enjoyed that here as well.  I read YuhiK.'s review before ordering so I also enjoyed the mentaiko and made sure to use togarashi.  These were excellent suggestions so I'll pass them on as well, but check out her review for more details.  . . The bottom line for me was that the broth lacked the deep, developed flavors you can get elsewhere, but they have some great options--especially for the kosher minded.  I have had a couple experiences where an individual I try to take to ramen isn't into the traditional pork broth.  Monta takes care of that by offering chicken base.  Monta also has some bar seating with an open kitchen...a great place to dine solo.
Quick cheap and good.  Just the way I ilkes it.  This place is tiny; the seating is limited, so they can't seat you until your entire party has arrived.  Once seated, however, I had a surprisingly generous amount of space -- didn't feel crowded like I do at some places.  On the recommendation of a friend, I had the kimchi fried rice and pot-stickers.  I liked them both.   I was a bit leery at first because the odor from kimchi made just about every other way is a real turn-off for me, but I had no problem with it in this case.
Very good ramen.  The thick noodles were not very thick however which was disappointing because I LOVE thick noodles.
As soon as you walk in - sign in! Haha There's always a wait for this place.  (But if you're in a hurry to get back to work or wherever there are multiple of good restaurants you can go to in that same complex). So with that statement, it's the type of place you order--- eat--- and leave... You don't want to be the jerk holding up the wait :P . . One thing that really caught my attention was how the chefs were dipping the bowl into hot boiling water before making your order to keep your food hot even longer.  I like to enjoy every bite of my food so by the end of my last bite my soup was still warm :P ( but I'll have to admit the last time I went they didn't dip my bowl ) . . I've tried all three fried rices on different occasions and all were good :) I think the kimchi is my favorite.  As for the  gyoza, it's pretty delicious and crispy.  . . I've tried all soups and I'll have to say I'll stick to the pork broth with thin noodles and of course adding some green onions and egg to that - call it my usual order :)
I first tried Monta at the LA Ramen Festival in Torrance earlier this year. It was probably my favorite ramen from the festival! So for our last meal in Vegas before heading back to LA, I wanted to come here!. . We arrived at 11:40 AM on a Sunday, the place was full and there were 4 groups ahead of us. Monta opens at 11:30!! Insane. We waited about 35-40minutes before getting seated at the counter. . . FOOD: Ramen was yum as I remembered! Base price is pretty cheap $6.95 but when you add the egg, it brings it up to a regular bowl of ramen.  I had the tonkotsu ramen (my fave) Really rich and good flavor with a PERFECT soft boiled egg! Chasiu was also super tender and falling apart. HUGE portions!! I didn't finish my noodles :( . . VENUE: Small, as usual and single unisex bathroom. Very cute and clean and I loved watching the chefs make the food.. . SERVICE: Quick!! Food came out super fast after we ordered and they were always friendly and easy to flag down.. . PARKING: Plenty!
great change from the buffets and american places in vegas. i love ramen and there are tons of ramen places in the bay area. this is on par and better than some of the ones in the bay area.. i have only been here once and i got the tonkatsu ramen and it was rich and tasty. the chasu pork was also very good as well. the size was on the smaller side but not bad for the price and you can ask for more noodles for just $1.50 more.. . there was definitely a wait for lunch but it wasnt too bad and was worth the wait.
The food was good, service was fast... but the seating is very limited. The soup is very flavorful though! Their fried rice is amazing as well. Most likely my favorite ramen place in Vegas! Can't wait to go back again!
If you come here, I would recommend sticking with the tonkotsu ramen as that is whatthey're known for. . . I ordered the spicy miso and was disappointed in how salty the broth was. Sad because my friend let me try some of her tonkotsu and it was so freakin' delicious. If I ever come back, I'm ordering my own bowl and not sharing!
Delicious, inexpensive, and a ton of options to choose from. You can customize your broth, noodles, fixins(egg, seaweed, veggies, etc) and everything else quickly and easily. The only thing stopping me from giving this above 5 stars is the space itself. This restaurant might seat 20 people if you packed them in like sardines. There is no place to wait, and apparently the wait to even eat lunch here is a struggle. I felt like I could hear what the other diners were thinking when I was crammed in next to them. Aside from that, the food itself was absolutely delicious, and it tasted authentic. This certainly isn't your college ramen experience.
Love it! But have to choose the mix broth (pork and chicken), the only orok broth doesn't taste that good compare to the MIX one :)
Our last day in Vegas, Wifey wanted something different from The Strip and away from The Strip. . . I was in the mood for some good Mexican, but I was overruled as Wifey wanted Ramen. I scoffed at the notion of a good Ramen joint existing in Vegas. I crave for good Ramen, and so far the best I've had to date was from Santouka Ramen in LA. The Ramen joints in The City are a joke, but thank god for San Mateo as my only salvation for good Ramen. . . So when Wifey found this place, I was very skeptical; but I had no choice since she won all the money in Vegas that pretty much paid for our trip and then some. . . So we drove to Vegas' Chinatown district and one thing I noticed is that the blocks are like a frigging mile long. Damn...the blocks are so far apart I felt like I was in the desert. . . So we arrived and it's in a small strip mall similar to those found all over California (looks promising) and definitely qualifies as a Hole-In-The-Wall joint. The place is small...more tiny than small with a seating of about 20 + at a time. It was around lunch and the place was packed. I also observed a squad car illegally parked and had me worried for a second thinking it was a crime-ridden area and had an incident in progress. My guard subsided when I saw two of Vegas' finest slurping the Ramen inside. . . We waited for approximately 20-25 minutes before we got called and I was famished. I was already eyeing the 'Daily Special" board of Kuro Ramen and Spicy Tonkutso Ramen (both $7.95). Sold! Wifey also ordered a side of Tonkutso Pork over a bowl of rice. . . The side order arrived first and what we got was a pile of pork meat on top of rice topped with Nori strips. Ummmm....Anthony Bourdain would approve of this. . . Then our Ramen arrived and all my skepticism disappeared and what I felt next was envy. I was envious that Vegas can have a better Ramen joint than San Francisco. Then envy turned into sadness, which turned into me slurping the noodles to comfort my emotional needs at that time. . . The broth was amazing. Unlike the broths in The City that are overly salty, this one was creamy, thick, rich but also tasted light. How could that be? It wasn't rich, thick and heavy as one would expect. All I can say is wow. It truly made a believer out of me. I also tasted the Wifey's broth and the roller coaster of emotion began again. . . This one really surprised me in a good way.
I went to the one on Spring Mt & Decatur location and man.. that place is so small! So many people were lining up and I felt so clusterphobic! I still stayed and waited because I wanted to see why this place is so popular! Anyway, after 20 minutes of waiting, me and my party were finally sat. Customer service could be better. I understand its busy, but if you work there, that's just something you know you have to deal with especially if its a popular place. The food was good. Ramen.. delicious. Fried rice.. delicious as well!  Overall, it was a good experience!
Small menu, but the three item I call were good.  . . But, since I come from SoCal to visit, this place's ramen doesn't seem any more special compare to the many we have from home, but still it's good!. . The price make it's worth it compare to most places near the strip.. . To sum it up, good food, decent price, but don't expect anything extraordinary if you had Japanese ramen before :-)
I was here during the Thanksgiving Holiday and it was great.  The Ramen had great flavor.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the pork melted in my mouth.  Show up early as this place gets packed.  Definitely worth the wait!
If you are waiting and double checking reviews to confirm...Yes, its worth the wait. . . Don't let the small size of the place fool you. The ramen is some of the best I've ever tried and rivals Ippuddo in NYC (yes, I did just go there) except that they provide more generous portions and a cheaper price point here ++points. . You write your name down on a sheet to the right of the door once you get in and wait. Came with the bf / party of 2 at 3 pm aka off hours between normal lunch and dinner times. There was still a wait but not too bad (maybe 15/20 minutes) and the line/list moved quick.. . Only reason it gets 4 stars for now is uncertainty about the consistency of their quality and portion sizes since I've only been once.
Consistently delicious and quick Japanese Ramen.
we ate here twice in 3 days! the first time we actually came to eat at the snowflake shavery for dessert, but noticed the crowd milling around monta and decided to throw our name on the waiting list. since we had our baby in tow, we weren't exactly expecting to wait it out. however, the woman working at monta was so incredibly nice, she save us a table and made it as comfortable as possible for the baby, even helping us store the stroller in the back! now to be honest we weren't incredibly hungry after the wonderful shavery but we managed to still enjoy my tonkotsu and shoyu ramen with the egg and my wife the black garlic oil flavored kuro ramen. I've definitely had better egg in my time so next time I'd try some other add on.. . while the food was good, the service was what stuck in our minds that first night. nicest wait staff ever! we also vowed to take my noodle loving 10 year old nephew and my sister when they rolled into town the next day.  . . so today we went around lunch time, and longer line so again we hit the snowflake shavery first! while waiting, we saw the flyer that they opened a monta in henderson! we'll definitely try that next. This time the wait was longer and we worked up our post-snow appetites...and score! the nephew and sister loved it! also i tried the takana fried rice this time which I thought was great. Just the right amount of spiciness and with the mustard green, unique from chinese fried rice. my better half had the shoyu ramen this time, which was indeed lighter than the tonkotsu broth. I think I preferred the tonkotsu but it was good to have tried them both.. . next stop will definitely be the one near my parents house on eastern. thanks yelp for the recommendation!
Monta Ramen is a very tiny ramen restaurant, with apparently, the best ramen in town. Now that I have tried it a few times, I would say that it is probably true. With the wait however, it just is not worth it suddenly. Especially because I am from Southern California, there are a lot more ramen places that is just asgood, if not better, than Monta Ramen. But for the Las Vegas area, this has been the best place to get my ramen fix. . . The broth is super fresh and clean, not filled with like oils and things like that. The meat is super soft, which just melts in your mouth. The noodles are just how I like them, RAMEN noodles. . . One bowl is enough to satisfy your hunger. . . Now to mention the wait - my family and I waited 50 minutes for ramen noodles. Factoring that in, it was not worth it. The waitress even let back people who "left" from the waiting list, and came back! That's not what a waiting list does, if a party leaves, they are off the list. The waitress would squeeze the party back in. That just lengthens the time I am waiting outside, especially since she did it for two 5 person parties before mine. . . They have another Monta in Vegas now. Maybe that one is worth trying out.
