Dined at Mesa Grill before Christmas.  The server was helpful and provided good suggestions on dishes.  We ordered the following items:. . 1. Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (4 Stars). Good flavor and nice texture.  Just simply delicious.  . . 2. Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon (3 Stars). Nicely cooked medium rare.  Didn't quite get the coffee taste.  The rubbed crust didn't do much for the dish in my opinion. . 3. Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin (4 Stars). The dish was nicely cooked with big flavors.  The spiciness wasn't overpowering, and you can taste the layering of flavors.  The sweet potato tamale was wonderful.  This is the signature dish that everyone should try at Mesa Grill.. . 4. Churros (2 Stars). The chocolate dip provided good flavor, but the churros were fried for a little too long.  The center became too dry.  I still think Rick Bayless' XOCO in Chicago has the best churros.
My girlfriend and I enjoyed a great meal when we went here. I ordered the 22oz steak and my girlfriend had the lamp. The food was cooked perfectly but expect to dish out alot of cash for your meal.
I love Mesa Grill!  How did I ever forget to write a review about this place?!?!. . Everytime my hubby and I go to Vegas, we have to make a stop for lunch or dinner here.  The food is delish, although the prices are a bit steep!  . . For starters, we've tried the bacon & hash brown enchilada and their tiger shrimp and roasted corn tamale.  I'm not a big fan of enchiladas, but this one is pretty good to eat...comes with an egg on top as well.  The tamales are bomb, but man, they need like 2-3 more shrimps on there!  . . I love their Pork Tenderloin sandwich.  The pork is served cold and comes on a ciabatta like bun with arugula and some ancho chile mayo sauce.  On the side, you have these great southwestern french fries that compliments the sandwich just perfect. As much as I love this place, sometimes when I get the sandwich, the fries are hit and miss.  The last time I was there, there were almost rock hard.  . . My hubby gets the Mesa Burger from time to time and says it's really good.  It's a big burger and be ready to get dirty cause it looks a lil messy to eat!  . . For dinner, we've also had the steak, chicken and duck plate, I believe it was.  Again, all that we've tried have been really good!  . . Oh, how I crave the pork tenderloin sandwich now! :)
I love watching Food Network and always enjoy Bobby Flay's shows.  But the food reviews here are so mixed, I was a bit hesitating to spend my money even for lunch at Mesa Grill in Vegas.  My sister and I were too tired to find a better place, we decided to try our first Bobby Flay food.. . We were there for Sunday Brunch around noon after Christmas and we're seated right away.  Our server was not bad but for some reason he had this weird energy and we didn't feel completely relaxed around him.  . . We wanted to have their fruit juice but we're told they were all out.  All three juices (orange, grapefruit and carrot/orange)!  That surprised me because as a restaurant by a very well known chef at this very popular hotel, I would expect them to have a decent inventory skill.  We're very disappointed and ordered cactus pear iced tea instead.  It wasn't bad but nothing special about it. . . The warm bread basket had three different baked goodies.  The first one on top was almost like a soft chewy cookie with raisins and nuts.  I don't think it goes with any of their main dishes but as itself, it was very yummy and I wished I had that one after my lunch as a dessert.  I can't describe the second mini soft pretzel-ish thingy but I can say they were good.  And the bottom in the basket was a cornbread which was made with half yellow and half blue corn and had some corn, bell peppers and some chili pepper slices in it.  It was delicious.  Our waiter just dropped the basket off on our table but at the end of our brunch, I saw a different waiter at other table was explaining what they were to his guests.  The ladies at our next table were chatting pretty loud so I couldn't hear a thing but wished our waiter did the same for us. . . I ordered their honey glazed salmon and my sister ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich.  My salmon was very thick but cooked perfectly and was very moist.  The honey glaze and the black bean sauce were delicious and my sister loved her sandwich too.  I had a bite and the pork was very tender and although we both agreed the fries which came with the sandwich were little salty side, but still tasty.  Was it cheap?  No, but whew, we didn't think we've wasted our money.... . I don't think we can afford their dinner anytime soon after spending too much money in Vegas this time but we were very pleased with their brunch.
the server knew it was my fiance and I's 3 year anniversary and boy did they make us feel special. Great seating near the top of the restaurant and awesome service! What i love about flay's restaurants are his bread baskets: never just ONE bread but many different ones to choose from (corn bread, rye, sourdough).  The appetizer that changed my life was the hummus and white truffle oil quesidilla.  To this day I think about how delicious that hint of truffle oil is.  We devoured it.  Unfortunatelly my fish dish wasn't that good...but of course...it was just..fish.
we have always wanted to dine at a bobby flay restaurant. We are food network fans and have always admired bobby flay and his culinary style. We made a reservation on new years day and were seated promptly. The warm bread basket had a good variety of breads.. . For appetizer we had the tiger shrimp with corn tamale. Our first bite into it and it was an explosion of flavors in my mouth. We also ordered the special crab cakes which were so delectable.. . For entree we shared the sixteen spice chicken. This is easily one of the most flavor rich chicken dishes I've tasted in the states. . . The dessert we ordered DEEP DISH BANANA CREAM PIE was not that great .. avoid it if you can .. . . All in all, we experienced culinary satisfaction as we stepped out of a celebrity chef restaurant. Wish the dessert lived up to expectations but I wont blame bobby for it :)
We always make it a point to visit Mesa Grill when in Las Vegas. We have never been disappointed with our meal or service. . . On our last visit our server went out of her way to make our visit an excellent experience. Thank you Laura you rock!. . The food was as good as I remembered it to be. We started by splitting the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale and the Sophie Chopped Salad. Both were incredibly delectable. We then moved on to the Green Chile Cioppino, Alaskan King Crab Cake, Smoked Chicken & Black Bean Quesadilla and Blue Corn Pancake. Now mind you all this food was for two. My husband couldn't decide what to eat so he ordered all of it. The only objection I had was that the Crab Cake was way too spicy. Very close to being inedible. But the rest of our meal was epic. Needless to say it was another memorable evening. . . Thank you Bobby Flay and Staff!!!
The customer service was really good and so was the food. We got the shrimp tamale appetizer and it was decent and the the salmon and pork tenderloin entree. Both of the entrees were amazing, but the appetizer and sides were just alright. The margaritas are definitely good as well. . . The atmosphere is nice, but you kind of sit very close to other parties eating.
I love watching Bobby Flay on Food Network, so my friends and I had to try Mesa Grill when I went to Vegas. Customer service was awesome, and we were seated in a corner booth. . . Appetizer:. We were first served with a basket of warm baked goods - savory muffins, sweet biscuits, etc., which was a very nice touch. We shared the rough cut tuna nachos ($16), and it was very light and refreshing. The portion was small though, so not really good for sharing among a group of 3+. . . Main entree:. Ordered the Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with Southwestern Fries ($16; grilled red onion, Argula ancho chile mayonnaise) - DELICIOUS! The pork was thick, juicy, flavorful and tender. The mayonnaise really brought together the entire sandwich, and the fries were so good that my friends ordered another side dish of it. Definitely recommend this sandwich. . . One of us also ordered the Spicy Chicken + Sweet Potato Hash ($18), which he liked very very much.
I must confess that the main reason I came to Mesa Grill (out of all the restaurants in Las Vegas) is because I have a cowboy brush on Bobby Flay. Despite most negative opinions of celebrity chefs, I think many of them can cook well. Personally, I enjoyed dining at Mesa Grill. . . My friend and I came on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. We were both impressed by their staff's cordial and professional service. There was a complimentary bread basket which I was very impressed with and a wide selection of water, YES WATER, to chose from. So service receives 5 stars. Based on the number of parties I saw in the restaurant, reservations are probably not necessary for lunch or brunch. But it might be otherwise for dinner.. . We started off with Chef Flay's famous Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. I think this appetizer was definitely true to Flay's southwestern stile and is a must try. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, tender and sweet; corn tamale was fresh and fluffy and the his signature sauces were extremely flavorful. Each bite has a familiar spice kick.. . Then, we ordered the BBQ Lamb Cobb Salad and the Eggs + Aged Strip Loin Tortilla. The cobb salad and lamb were divine! I loved the buttermilk dressing, so good!  The tortilla dish was on the mediocre side and made me wish I ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash (which has been on the menu for the last 8? years) However, I was mainly looking for a steak for lunch so it satisfied for cravings. Honestly, I could have gone without the egg and myriad of relishes (very beautifully plated) because the strip loin was cooked really well (medium rare, which I think is how all good meat should be cooked). It was incredibly tender and melts in your mouth. I will definitely have to come back for dinner to try his Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin.. . ALSO, I LOVED the complimentary bread basket. The waiter describes what each bread piece is and each was delicious on its own. :)
I have heard many good reviews about Mesa Grill. I made a reservation a month ahead. The interesting part is that Mesa Grill required the customers to provide their credit card numbers. If the customers didn't show up on their reservations, they would charge the credit cards $50. That is interesting, but I don't mind it. I think if people really want to go, they would be willing to go through the trouble.. . I love the ceiling with the flaming painting. Nothing would match better with Bobby Flay's cooking style, chili peppers and spices. Before going to Mesa Grill, I was very worried that I couldn't get anything to eat, because I don't eat spicy food at all. When we got there, I talked to the server. He said that most of Bobby's food is not that spicy, and the chili add flavors. He gave a couple of suggestions, and I went with the WILD STRIPED BASS. My husband got the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. And, we shared BLUE CORN PANCAKE for appetizer.. . The BLUE CORN PANCAKE is served with shredded pieces of duck. The first bite definitely reminded me of the Chinese Peking duck. The duck was good and juicy. Even though there was Habanero (one of the most intense chili pepper in the world), it wasn't spicy at all. It was very flavorful. My husband loved it! His pork tenderloin was placed nicely on the plate. The rubbed was definitely spicy. Bryan said it was a bit spicy for him, but it was edible. The side SWEET POTATO TAMALE was sweet and delicious. It was a perfect balance with the spicy pork. My WILD STRIPED BASS was crispy on the outside, and cooked perfect on the inside. My favorite was the Piquillo Pepper Clam Chowder under the bass. It was packed with different layers of flavors, and it was not spicy! Fantastic!. . The meal was great. For the two of us, our check was about $120. The food was very good. Bobby has lived up to his reputation. I definitely respect him more. I would love to go back again. This time, I will save some rooms for dessert!
Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (which had a Michelin Star in 2008) sits in Caesars Palace along a stretch of restaurants just away from the Casino.  The decor is contemporary but not minimalist; it is upscale but approachable and warm (warm browns and reds throughout the dining area that give it an upscale Southwestern feel).  The high ceilings really open up the room; the seating is comfortable and nice.  Good design throughout the restaurant with an open kitchen and contemporary decoration that is subtle.. . The assortment of complimentary bread was just okay though the most interesting look piece (a corn bread muffin with blue corn and jalapenos) was probably my least favorite of the batch.. . I started with the crispy quail, which came with a sauce of hot mustard, Ancho chile and Seitz Family Farm Honey.  The quail was breaded and fried, which was a risk because of the little bit of meat that comes with quail.  This one was good though.  The meat was moist and flavorful while the breading was crisp and not greasy (like good fried chicken).. . The sauce was good and was bold in flavor--kind of a mix of a spicy southwestern sauce and a sweet BBQ sauce.  The sauce was not too overpowering and was a good compliment for the fried quail.  I wish they would have added some sides or garnishes to lighten the dish up though.. . I went with the veal chop and it was agenerous portion.  The veal itself was great.  The outside sear was very good and the meat was juicy and moist, which can be hard to do because veal is so lean.  They used a good piece of meat here as well.. . The sauce was a mix of horseradish and maple glaze.  Like the quail sauce, there was a bold mix of both spicy and sweet flavors here.  The sauce had a little too much heat though because it kind of overwhelmed my palate.  It was one of those spicy dishes where after several bites, you kind of just taste the burn and have a hard time getting the most out of the other flavors.. . The veal chop came with a wild rice tamale.  I am not that familiar with tamales so I cannot speak to how well this one would stack up with others.  The wild rice flavor and texture really came across here (pretty good portion of wild rice).  The tamale itself had a strong corn flavor and was sweet and moist enough (not dry).. . The waiter was very professional and knowledgeable about the menu.  Service was good--food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive.. . Pricing was high, but pricing is high at most Las Vegas restaurants.  The food at Mesa Grill was in a similar price range as Eiffel Tower Restaurant (Paris) and the food here was significantly better.  My veal chop here was actually less than what I paid at Spago in Beverly Hills--I thought Mesa Grill did a much better job cooking the meat to the appropriate temperature though I liked the accompanying sauce and sides more at Spago.. . I liked Mesa Grill and would return.  My friend (who is a Bobby Flay fan) was a little disappointed with this one so some dishes may stand out more than others.  The flavors here were quite bold (with strong mixes of sweet, savory and spicy on several dishes) so if you find a lot of fine dining places to be bland or too mild, this might be the one for you.  I do not have that much experience with Las Vegas restaurants, but I would say Mesa Grill would be one of the better ones I've tried.. . Valet parking is complimentary.  I have not seen or used a self-parking structure here, but I would imagine they have that as well.
Classmates of mine worked at Mesa Grill when I went there for a private dinner banquet on May 13, 2009.  So with the help of one of them, we were able to get a very good package at a reasonable price, especially compared to the quote we received from the banquet's department at Caesar's Palace.. . The waitstaff were great at taking our orders and during the meal service.  The back private banquet room was fairly large and accommodated our large party (can't recall the exact number, but we had well north of 60 people, all seated in 3 long rows of tables).. . The Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale with Corn-Cilantro Sauce was simply delicious.  The tamale was top notch, and the Flay-concocted Corn-Cilantro Sauce will pair up nicely with other seafood and poultry dishes.  . . . For my entree, I selected Bobby Flay's signature dish "New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce + Sweet Potato Tamale with Crushed Pecan Butter".  It was cooked perfectly and the flavors was very unique and complimented each other.  The sweet potato tamale was the best I have ever had.. . I tried a sample of my friend's "Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon, Mushroom-Ancho Chile Sauce".  Filet Mignon was good, but aside from being tender (which is why most people order it) it lacked the flavor I crave from beef, but the accompaning Mushroom-Ancho Chile Sauce was super!. . The Blue Corn Crusted Alaskan Halibut + Salsa Cruda, Sweet 100 Tomatoes, Capers, Nicoise Olives, Fresh Basil + Oregano was also a nice fish entree.  And highly recommended.. . I know this review is based on a banquet experience instead of the more typical restaurant dining experience, but the food overall was good to great.  Service was superb, and the price we were able to negotiate for the event was unbeatable (big thanks to Mitch and the restaurant GM!!!). . Decor: 4/5. Service: 4.5/5. Food: 4/5. . Looking forward to going back for more.
Best tamale ever! We went here for brunch expecting the food to be amazing and it was (with the exception of the salmon dish). The variety of breads were nice. The Burger was juicy and the buns were made of sweet Hawaiian bread!! Its a long way from LA but we plan on coming back.
You definitely need a reservation to get in.  I came with a group of 3 people and could not get in so I came by myself the next night and sat at the bar.  Service was fantastic and their signature pork loin is by for the best I have EVER had!  Everything about it was fantastic.  Cooked to perfection..melted in your mouth...unlike any other pork I have EVER had.  Side dishes were phenomenal...It was kind of expensive but very excellent quality.. . The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that it is semi-small and difficult to get in to eat.
I'll keep this review simple and short. The food was amazing, AMAZING, I can't wait to go back and try out other things on the menu! The atmosphere is nice, we went for lunch and it had a somewhat upscale feel to the place- very southwestern. I liked the comfortable dining chairs as well. . . The service is where they lose a star! My husband waited far too long for a refill on his soda, I would have loved to order one of their famous margaritas midway through our meal, and would have also liked to have another piece of their delicious asiago bread. I love bread and I can now consider myself a connoisseur after trying so many different types and this asiago bread at Mesa Grill is amazing! We waited a super long time for our entrees, but after our meal he was quick to pick up the payment. Hmph! I tipped generously regardless. It was pretty busy in the restaurant and I think they could have been understaffed, there is a possibility that our poor service wasn't entirely the waiter's fault. The bottom line is that we'll be back on a night when we are feeling patient. We'll be sure to order everything we want straight away in case they get too swamped and are unable to check on us.
We showed up an hour before our dinner reservation because we were huuungrrry, and they accommodated us. The interior of the restaurant is quite nice, but the atmosphere is a bit too casual for the prices it carries.. . We ordered the Tiger Shrimp with garlic corn tamale and Pan Seared Squid for appetizers. Small portions but just enough and delicious to pique our appetite. The sauces are a tad too sweet. The tamale was very good, with fluffy texture and not seasoned to overwhelm the maiz. The squid was cooked perfectly, not too soft and not too chewy.. . I had the veal chop which was recommended medium. I usually take my steak medium rare, but it was cooked perfectly at medium. It was juicy, and I loved the sauce - a little sweet like the other dishes, but the subtle horseradish really gave it a kick. The wild rice tamale was tasty, too, not too sweet.. . Others in my party had the rib eye and the filet, both of which I sampled and found the sauce too sweet that it was hard to taste the meat. But my friends loved their dishes.. . Double baked potatoes - delicious! Again with a hint of horseradish, it was a great combination of flavors. Brussel sprouts - way too sweet like candy and I didn't care for them. But that's my palate, and I'm sure some people like the sweet taste more than spicy.. . Our waiter was attentive, and our water glasses were never empty.. Between the 4 of us, the bill was $300 including tax & tip, with no drinks or dessert. It was a tasty meal and we enjoyed the restaurant. But some of us were still hungry after the meal -- we could do with more filler food.
I have dined at MESA in Caesar's Palace three times and always try to make it there every time I'm in Vegas. . . Reservations:. You definitely should try to call ahead for dinner reservations, as we are all aware that Flay's a genious and thus walking in to his restaurant is virtually impossible during the dinner hour, especially on a weekend. Note: a credit card is required to hold a reservation, and if you miss your time slot, they *will* charge it. . . Appetizers I've had:. GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" - sinful and delicious. Warm goat cheese dip accompanied by a carb of sorts.. SMOKED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN QUESADILLA - like Taco Bell on steroids. Bursting with flavor, sets the tone for what is bound to be an incredible dining experience.. TIGER SHRIMP+ ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE - delicious, but some entrees are served with a tamale, so make sure you don't overload yourself on this app/side.. . Entrees I've had:. NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN - served with a sweet potatoe tamale. It was great, but with each bite of pork, I wished I was eating a steak. . BLACK ANGUS NEW YORK STRIP STEAK - that's the goodness right there. It's nothing like a steakhouse flavor-wise; quality-wise, sure. But this is a steak prepared in a way you've never experienced, totally mindblowing flavor palette. Order medium rare for the optimal texture.. . Sides I've had:. MASHED POTATOES: a must with steak/meat dishes. CREAMED CORN: amazing flavor, but not seeing it on their menu online. Hope they didn't get rid of it.. . Desserts I've had:. CHURROS - traditional cinnamon, warm churro served with hot chocolate dipping sauce. So authentic and fun to eat. It's nice to know they don't just slap "Chocolate Lava Cake" on the dessert list like everyone else and call it a day.. . Service:. It's what you'd expect from a restaurant of its calibur, but it's nothing super noteworthy, unfortunately - but what is in Vegas? The hostesses are Vegas snobs for the most part, sorry to say. And even if you have a reservation, you will likely find your party waiting at least 10 minutes to be sat. . . Enjoy!!
My girlfriend and I sat down here for an early lunch without knowing what to expect considering this was a Bobby Flay joint. Even though the guy is a manchild, he makes some tasty looking food on that one network channel. I got the Bobby Flay flavored burger (you read correctly) which was excellent but not in my personal top 5 burgers of all time list. Possibly it could be somewhere on the end of my top 13 burgers of all time list. My girlfriend's tuna/avocado/whatever sandwich was definitely on my top 1 tuna/avocado/whatevers of all time list, possibly because its the only one I've had. We also had mimosas made with freshly squeezed OJ that made the meal.
Really tasty stuff. . The best part of the meal was the sweet potato soup, great flavors with an extra kick from drizzled chili oil. We got so much food I can't describe it all. The lamb on the lamb salad was perfectly cooked and tender, although the salad could have used a little more. Burgers are good. I enjoyed my sword fish club but the bread choice was not my favorite. I'll go back to try more of the flavorful menu. Southwestern fries disappointed a little, I was expecting more flavor from them. . . MEN: you can't wear hats in the dining room FYI
We all went for Sunday dinner. Kids were excited about going to a Bobby Flay restaurant.  They wanted the squid appetizer, but thought it was too fishy. Then apple blue cheese salad appetizer was good, but small.  The mains were fabulous. Venison, tender with a rich sauce. Pork tenderloin with a spicy rub.  Seafood ciappino with tipper prawns, scallops, grouper and mussels.  And a garlic and a sweet potato tamale, both very good.  Sides were baby carrots and mashed potatoes, both very good, especially the carrots. . . Only reason not 5stars is that the appetizers were not as good as the rest or very good value.
I am struggling between 3 and 4 stars.. . I got here at 4:58pm and they technically open at 5pm.  They are letting people give a reservation for a table and then have a seat at the bar.. . So I walk up and they tell me just a minute.  It is like panic-mode or something because one person is like "seat everyone" and then another person comes and is like "don't seat anyone until 5pm!" and there is just madness going on behind the counter where you place your reservations.. . Finally, someone looked up at me and asked if they could help me.  I asked for a table of one.  They said they could seat me at 5:15pm.  WHAT?!  It's 5pm and there are PLENTY of tables that no one is at.  I am ONE PERSON!  I was a little confused.  So I just stood & waited.  Truthfully, I was a little pissed.  But, within 5 minutes I was sat at a table.. . I sat for about 5 minutes when finally a waitress, that had been just standing over to the side, talking to another waiter, decided to come over and ask what I wanted to drink.  I only wanted water.  So a couple minutes later, water comes to the table.  I asked her a couple of questions and ordered the Sophie Chopped Salad.  . . The Sophie Chopped Salad- kidney beans, garbanzo peas, lettuce, olives, chunks of cheese, little blue & white tortilla pieces and a yummy dressing.  I would totally order this again!!. . After I placed the order, about 3 minutes later some bread was brought to the table.  There were 3 pieces of bread- a blue corn muffin, a habanero bread and a cranberry (tasted a little sweeter) bread. Then immediately, my salad came to the table.  . . The salad was DELICIOUS!  OMG!  I really want to go back and get it again!  I loved every inch of it!  The bread was divine too!  My bill came to just under $13.  Awesome!. . It was just a little strange how almost all of the servers were standing around talking, a few of them bitching to each other and the madness that was behind the reservation stand.  Totally turned me off.. . I would go back to get that salad for sure!  But maybe not at that time again!
I have been here a couple of times. We all love Bobby Flay and his presence on the Food Network. My brother and I had drinks there once and it was $80 for three people to have one drink each. Yikes. We had dinner there the next day. We had the tortilla with the duck inside, forgot the name. It was pretty good. I had the coffee rubbed filet mignon and I thought it was very iron chef-ish. . . The last time I was there was with my husband. We had the crispy quail which I thought was excellent. I had the sixteen spice chicken and he had some steak. He complained there was too much sauce on everything. I thought everything was pretty good. The dinner was fairly expensive even for a Vegas restaurant. I enjoyed my experience but probably will not be coming back. It was little bit too crowded and loud for my taste.
I had a good dining experience here at Mesa, which makes me more confident that Bobby Flay is actually legit in those Throwdowns :). . If you get the opportunity to come, the tamales (corn and shrimp) and his margaritas (if you like alcohol) are the two MUSTS. Both were really good. I usually don't like tamales (no offense, maybe I've only had bad ones) because they are always so dry, but this one was moist and full of flavor. The corn was the perfect accompaniment too. As for the margarita, you can custom-create your own from their list of tequilas or choose a concocted mix. I had the white peach margarita which was fantastic.. . We had the chicken with sweet potato hash and the steak and egg. The first is very unique and very Bobby. It's a little spicy, and it is basically two huge mounds of chicken and hash mixed together. Very creative. The steak and egg was more traditional; you pretty much just make your own fajitas from guacamole, sour cream, egg, peppers, etc. Also good (although not spectacular) because of the fresh ingredients. . . Service was slow, although our server apologized because it was really busy. I would return, but not before I try other places on the strip.
We were in Vegas this past Presidents Day weekend and ended our trip with dinner at Mesa Grill after seeing Jersey Boys (awesome show!).  My husband and I are both huge Bobby Flay fans and his restaurant did not disappoint us.  We had great service, really taste margaritas (peach and regular).  The smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla was super delicious - smoky and cheesy and bursting with flavor.  I had the striped bass and my husband had the pork tenderloin.  Our friends had a steak and the venison.  My fish was my least favorite of the four dishes, but still really good.  The pork was awesome, absolutely so much flavor and our friends went nuts over the venison and steak.  No dessert because we were so full.  Over a really good restaurant, food bursting with flavor and great service!
As a celebratory lunch for being alive after a near death experience by crazy valet driver in front of The Mirage, we decided to have Bobby Flay grace us with his delicious Tex-Mex creations. Living it up in true Vegas style, margaritas were in order. Ultimate = a simple original favorite. White peach = excellent and refreshing. Pear = way too strong, and why was it hot pink? Everything about this place is vividly bold and colorful. The contemporary decor, the presentation of each dish, and even the drinks. . . Bobby's famous blue corn pancake w/ bbq'd duck is a must have. The habanero chili and star anise sauce add a savory sweet kick to each bite. The duck was well cooked and tender, and although a mess to eat, no scraps were left behind. Chorizo quesadilla w/ fried egg was also a delicious starter. Oozing yolk blended with habanero sauce and grated parmesan over a crisp crust never tasted so heavenly.. . With my heart set on the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash w/ poached eggs, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I knew it would be good. Two whopping mounds of poached eggs ridiculously drenched in green hollandaise and habanero sauce (notice the pattern?) set before my eyes as I wiped a little bit of drool off my face. I can't recall any other time I've experience such explosive flavors all at once. This dish is a bit on the heavy side, so don't hesitate loosening up a notch on the ol' belt loop. The jumbo lump crab cake isn't on the regular menu, but we were lucky enough to catch a taste of it off the lunch prix fixe. Complemented by a blanket of corn relish and pablano vinaigrette, it would be a shame not to permanently include this on the menu. Typically, crab cakes are made small in size, but this one was considerably well portioned. Definitely one of my more meatier crab cakes I've ever seen. Ended the meal with a dark chocolate creme brulee and pineapple upside down cake w/ caramelized rum, which were both a delightful treat.. . Prices are reasonable, but tend to add up quickly. But hey, it's Vegas after all. Planning to check out the dinner menu on my next visit to try the pork tenderloin everyone's been raving about.
You know, I've always been conflicted about trying this place. On one hand, Bobby Flay has annoyed me ever since he offended Morimoto on Iron Chef. On the other hand, I really like southwestern style food, and he's supposedly good at coming up with versions of it. . . So there we were, my boyfriend and I, in Vegas a little earlier than expected because we made most of the drive ahead of time to avoid a snowstorm. In fact, we were here in time for lunch (instead of just to St. George). We couldn't decide what to do with our extra meal, so we moseyed into Caesar's and were greeted by the Mesa Grill. We were curious, so we went in. . . It was Saturday afternoon, and therefore brunch time, so my boyfriend started with a mimosa. However, I couldn't resist our waiter's suggestion of one of the margaritas. I can't remember what they called it, but it was as smooth as he said it was supposed to be. I don't usually like margaritas, but I was down with this. . . For our entrees, Alan got the Spicy Scrambled Eggs and I got the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad. Both were very good. The chicken in the salad was perfectly seasoned, and the dressing and goat cheese complimented it nicely. The eggs also had a good amount of goat cheese, and the combination of spices gave a great unique flavor. The ham the accompanied the dish was probably the highlight, though. . . Service was pretty slow, but our waiter was very nice when he did come by. Prices were high, but it's Vegas. . . I guess I'll forgive Bobby Flay for his Iron Chef ills for now (it's been long enough, right?), and I'll even go as far to say that I'd love to try this place for dinner sometime.
Totally what you would expect from Bobby Flay! We've been here for dinner before, which was excellent. This time we were expecting to go for Saturday lunch at 1pm, but had a pleasant surprise with the brunch menu.. . Complimentary bread basket: awesome!. . Shrimp corn tamale: 4 shrimps served in an open tamales served on sauce that is just deliciousness. This is a definite starter must!. . Goat cheese dip: yummy.. . Pear ice tea served with simple syrup: nice and refreshing, but didn't taste the hint of pear.. . Striped bass: fish was yummy, but corn side and sauces were just okay.. . Service was good.
***Review is for BRUNCH only. . To get it out of the way...I'm not the biggest Bobby Flay fan.  On TV, he can come off as obnoxious, arrogant, and cocky. However, the guy shows up on a bunch of different shows, which makes me wonder...is it just a persona he puts up?  I mean, he must be a decent guy to get himself on so many spots on the Food Network, right?  If it is just an act though, it works; his brash personality actually made me want to try his cooking even more, just so I could see if he's as good as his reputation suggests.  And being that the MESA in NY was his first restaurant, my friends and I figured this would the perfect chance to check out his cooking.  . . Unfortunately, we couldn't squeeze MESA in for dinner, so we had to settle for fitting it in for brunch instead.  When our party of ten checked in with the hostess, we were seated promptly, where the wait staff was quick to start serving our table.  Our waiter was helpful with menu suggestions, and was pretty good at describing and explaining the different components of each plate.  In fact, when it was all said and done, I ended up going with one of his suggestions - the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles along with the Rough Cut Tuna Nachos that a few of my friends wanted to split.. . - The Rough Cut Tuna Nachos - served with a mango & habanero hot sauce and avocado crema...terrific.  The tuna is similar to Hawaiian poke, but with Southwestern flavors instead.  In a way, with the crema, it's reminiscent of a guacamole salsa, but better.  Much better.  Too bad there aren't any places around here that serve it the same way.. . - Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles - served with a roasted tomatillo sauce, white cheddar cheese, and creme fraiche.  Presentation wise, all of the colors on the plate really made it stand out (blue corn tortilla, orange sauce, white cheddar, green seasoning), but the execution is what really made the dish.  With three layers of crispy tortilla, it had a nice crunch, which worked well with the richness.  The combination of flavors were fantastic.  If anything, I wish there was more of a kick with the sauce, but it tasted great as is.. . In addition, I also got a chance to try my friend's Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash, but I thought my entree was better.  Although I did like the spiciness and flavor, I would have like a little contrast in the texture.  Along with our meal, they also served a basket of bread, all with some Southwestern twists.  They were all decent, but my favorite of the bunch was the jalapeno bread.  . . In the end, I'll give Flay his due...the guy can offer up a pretty good brunch menu.  The ones that I tried were great, though I know a few of my friends were not as enthralled with their orders (hence the four stars).  None of them said the dishes were bad though, so maybe it was just a case of hopeful expectations not being met.  Reviews on here are pretty high for dinner as well, so I'd be interested in checking that out next time.  At least now, I have another reason to go back to Vegas...not that I really needed another one anyways.
Bobby Flay has done well to uphold his name w/ Mesa Grill. The food and ambiance is great. After all, it's Vegas, so I'm always in a good mood. Our server did a great job handling our table and the experience was VERY smooth. . . It's not often that I eat sit down when I'm in Vegas... it's typically all buffets for me baby!!!! Anyways, this time around was a special occasion (crap, I don't remember what it was... if my wife reads this I may get in trouble), and we were not disappointed. . . I had... what else, the RIB eye, it was great, tasted sweet to me, luckily I was in the mood for something sweet so it worked out PERFECT... those who may be more into savory meats vs. sweet meat should make note of this, as it may not be your cup of tea! . . We had a quesadilla appetizer that was recommended to us by our server, but I think she may have hyped it up a bit too much... it was passable but nothing worth mentioning. . . My wife had the filet, and it tasted to me like any filet does... BORING. . . All in all, very well rounded joint. Great food and great service will make us repeats, but it's still going to have to compete w/ me always asking "Should I just go gorge myself at the Bellagio Buffet instead?"
It's not your average Tex-Mex spot. The food is fabulous & I can't recall seeing rice and beans on the menu, which was a plus. I personally feel there are more things to Tex-Mex cooking than those two staples.  . . At any rate, we were a party of three & we all thought the food was great. The menu prices were to be expected, after all we were @ Ceasar's Palace. The service was impecable.. . The bread was fabulous, but don't fill up on it. We ordered a shrimp tamale as an appetizer. It was so good, I needed to be home to eat it. The masa was so flavorful that you would want to eat the husk. The only problem was that you get just one @ a cost of about $16., let's not forget it was GREAT!! . . I ordered the lobster, it was better than I ever expected. I simply melted in my mouth. I was happy to see that it was a whole lobster & not the tail weighing in @ about 1.5lbs., cooked to perfection. The sides are ordered ala cart & they are large enough to share,. . . My cousin's ordered The bone-in steak & the other the salmon. They stated it was very good & I'm sure it was but I know it couldn;t be as good as my lobster.. . For dessert, I had the creme brule. Anytime I see it on the menu, I feel it my duty to order. It was also great. beverages were fantastic, top shelf all the way.. . If you want a 5 Star meal @ a reasonable price. This is the place
Came here for a family gathering so we had the Prix fixe menu.  Not sure how much the dinner cost per person but it was great.  Great portion and service was pretty good.  The atmosphere was good and they had a nice little bar area.  The place was really busy so I would recommend making a reservation before showing up.
I stopped in here for Brunch on Saturday.  Since I didn't have reservations, I had about a twenty minute wait, which I spent sipping on an excellent Margarita.  That made waiting much easier!. . I started with the Sweet Potato Soup.  It was Rich and Creamy with just a touch of sweetness from a Maple Crema that was drizzled on top.. . My main Course was the Scrambled Egg Chilaquiles.  Blue Corn Tortillas stacked with White Cheddar Cheese, Creme Fraiche, Roasted Tomatillo Sauce and soft Scrambled Eggs.  Really good food and a Huge portion!. . Brunch included an amazing basket of breads.  My favorites were the Scones and the Jalapeno Cornbread. They are wheelchair accessible.  The only reason I can't give 5 Stars is that service was inattentive and lacking.
We've been here a few times now and every time has been excellent.  Our favorites are the pork tenderloin with the sweet corn masa and the yucatan chicken taco appetizer.  The coffee rubbed filet is also amazing.  Definitely a place we visit every trip to Las Vegas.  The food is different, with great flavors, and very memorable.  Can't go wrong!
I had dinner here recently, and it was great. I was a little late for my reservation, so they gave away our table. So, we ended up sitting at the bar for dinner. I had the chile relleno, which was amazing. The presentation and taste was great. My friend had the 16-spice chicken, which was just ok. The restaurant is really nice and is always packed. We didn't have time to get dessert, which I would have liked to try. Overall, I liked the restaurant and would definitely recommend it.
Saturday Brunch .  . Ended up getting the Mesa Burger and loved the onions and spinach leafs that accompany the burger. The bread also sets it apart from other burger spots. Nicely toasted and the beef came out that perfect pink. . . Does it really set itself far ahead of other burger places... eh well no it is a burger so I guess I should have expected that. I planned to try other items however, looking around it seemed as though everyone within our vicinity was having the burger. I've had this happen way too many times where I stray away from what other people are getting to try something new, but it always happens that I try their dish and wish I hadn't. . . Anyhow, I would come back if it was convenient. I would not go out of my way to try the burger, maybe other items on the menu? Although to be completely truthful I enjoyed the burger so much I wouldn't try something else since I know exactly what I'm getting. . . It's worth a shot for sure!
This place was packed! We called early in the morning on Saturday and all that was available were 5:30 or 9:30 PM dining reservations for two. At 9:30, the lobby, bar, and host area were standing room only as guests eagerly awaited the raved culinary creations of Bobby Flay. Everything was perfect, except two minor flaws in the meal. The pork dish comes with a sweeter, barbecue like glaze on the side that detracts from the peppery rub and flavor of the meat and the house margaritas were too tart. For top dollar, you think they could make a better margarita.
BF and I are a big fan of Bobby Flay, so we were pretty excited to eat at Mesa. Sadly, Bobby was not there, and to my chagrin our server said we just missed him; he was there the week before. Ah well. . . The restaurant is bright and elegantly decorated, colorful, and all the waitstaff were very professional and friendly. They have several lounge "cubicles" to wait while your table is being setup too, which I thought was pretty smart for groups that are waiting - you can still talk and everyone can sit and face each other while you wait. . . We ate:. 3 course meal of: . 1) Blue corn pancake: bbq duck + habanero chile + star anise sauce - Pretty good, but a little on the salty side. 2) New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich: pretty good, light and fresh, came with Mexican spiced fries too that were really good. This is what everyone calls the #1 dish here, but I really think that award goes to the corn tamale (below). . 3) Panna Cotta: SO GOOD - nice and light and the fruit was soaked in some type of liquor and really fresh and ripe. . . . Others:. Appetizers: . Cremini Mushroom Quesadilla: pretty good, but will try something else next time. Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: OMG I could eat this all day, every day, for the rest of my life. The shrimp was nicely seasoned and tender, not overcooked, the tamale was sweet and savory, the white corn was fresh and drowned in this yummy creamy corn sauce. YUM..... . Friend got the Chile Rellenos, which was also quite good. Melt in your mouth cheesy-ness. Mmm. . Get the corn tamale!!
I was in town for a convention at Caesars and was staying at the hotel.  I made a point of making a reservation a few weeks before arriving to eat at Mesa Grill while there with some co-workers.  Plus, I'm a big fan of eating well when I can bill it back somewhere.  And boy did we bill a nice expensive 300 dollar 3 person meal.. . The restaurant is a very fun festive atmosphere.  Its right in the middle of the casino.  If I had one non menu related criticism, it would be the location within the casino.  It's right next to the sports book and its a very hectic location.  Having said that, they do a good job isolating you from it once inside the restaurant.. . We had dinner reservations so we were ordering from their dinner menu.  I personally had the venison entree.  Venison seems to be something you like or you absolutely avoid.  Others at the table voiced their lifelong dislike for the dish.  I honestly don't discriminate when it comes to meats, so I was all in.  The dish comes with the venison filleted into three pieces and then you get a garlic tamale as a side.  The venison was nothing like the gamy meats you often encounter when eating venison from backwoods hunting trips.  The fillet they served didn't have any more or less of a strong flavor than beef would have had.  The venison was topped with a smoky sauce to compliment the meat.  The garlic tamale was good, but it was a ho-hum side.  It wasn't terribly memorable.. . I also sampled the Jalapeno Pork Chops that another person dining with us had.  It was nice lean pork and the jalapeno flavor was great spicy addition to the flavor that really made it pop.   Its great to see a menu that wasn't scared to add some spice to the dishes.. . We should have gotten one or two sides to share between the table.  There were others that were convinced we didn't need it.  I think that was a mistake in retrospect.  They're less than 10 dollars and would have complimented the smaller entree portions.. . It was a great meal.  Its the type of meal I wouldn't seek to have all the time but once in a while when I'm in town for a convention its great to endulge.  I would like to sample the lunch menu next time I'm in town.  If you're really looking to spend some money on a great meal don't skip Mesa Grill.
First off, the bread basket was surprisingly good and different from any other. It was southwestern inspired and def set the bar for Mesa. That night we were served blue corn cornbread muffins, asiago cheese bread (somewhat like sourdough, perfect crust & cheesy flavor), and jalepeno cheddar bread (a hint of spice and lots of flavor).. . Appetizers. Queso Fundido. YUM! Made with goat cheese, so it was little on the sharp side, but man oh man-- it was addicting.. . Tiger Shrimp + corn tamale. It was a meal on its own!! I loved this dish and wanted to steal it from my friend. The shrimp was plump and flavorful, the tamale was slightly sweet and the spicy, creamy sauces were perfect for the dish. I crave this.. . 16-Spice Chicken. The juiciest, flavorful chicken that I have ever ordered at a restaurant. Amazing. I'm usually a steak person, but I had the urge to order something less filling (so I wouldn't feel like a heffer at the club afterwards). The herb mashed potatoes were creamy, not too buttery, which was amazing with the crisp chicken skin. The cilantro sauce was just right- not too strong, and complimented the spices on the skin. I loved this dish and would recommend it.. . My friends ordered the ribeye, pork tenderloin, and venison-- I tried a bite of each, but I don't think it's enough to judge the entire dish. They were all tasty though, nothing bad to say. Love this restaurant though and I'm not even a huge Bobby Flay fan. He won me over and I'll be going back to Mesa next time I'm in Vegas.. . Side note: The water guy was a ninja!!! He was on top of his game and we were really impressed!! Obviously, partying in Vegas means heavy drinking = dehydration = we needed LOTS of water to recover. This guy got a big tip from us.
I have a Bobby Flay fan for a while and this is the first of his restaurants that I've tried.  I went with my sister and mom.  The service was good, no complaints.  All the food was good but there were definitely dishes that were way better.  I LOVED the "Rough Cut Tuna 'Nachos'", "Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale" and the "Toasted Coconut Layer Cake".  The bread basket had variety and the blue corn bread muffins and jalepeno cheddar bread were pretty delish. For the main course, we had "Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon", "Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon" and "Lamb Shank Posole".  They were all good but none were great. The meats were cooked nicely but I imagined the flavors would be more "in your face".  The sides were forgettable. I still crave the appetizers and would like to try some of the other dishes so I would go back.
Make Reservations for this place...If you don't, you will not be able to eat there (possibly at the bar if you're lucky).. . Our party of 7 went here for lunch. This place is not for the simple eaters.  If you aren't keen on trying something "different" or fusion of flavors or consider yourself fairly picky, then I would NOT eat here. . . I loved this place but some of my friends had a hard time with the menu as they don't appreciate good "different" food. If you're one of those then you're better off eating somewhere else!. . I had the corn shrimp tamale for appetizer drizzled with cilantro sauce (HIT THE SPOT.) IT was the BEST tamale I have ever had. My lunch was really good too but Id prob wouldn't order it again. I had the shrimp tacos, but I just ate them right off the skewers instead of wrapping them up in a blando tortilla (However, it did look home-made).  The home made salsas were an added bonus--wish I had some chips with that.  NOt sure why but my DIET pepsi (THANKS BOBBY FOR PEPSI products NOT COKE!!) was really good too--they must change the oxy tanks daily b/c it was the freshest pepsi i had in Vegas..i know..so random.. . Overall, I would definitely come here again and try other things. It is a bit pricey but I think its worth it b/c everything is SO fresh and cooked to perfection. Also, the service was outstanding. My sister told the waiter she couldnt eat dairy and he made sure to consult with the cook about her order. Couldn't have asked for a better lunch. Bobby ROCKs.
Me and the hubs were hungover and starving, but pushed thru that cuz its the Vegas son!!. HA HA. reservations are horrendous. We sat at the bar after the waitress informed us they will serve the full menu at the bar. Awesome!! Two seats later were at the bar immediately waited on with a smile I might add. The iced tea is premium. LOVE that. The bread is deli-sh!! JALAPENO CHEDDAR omg. We had the sweet potato soup and the shrimp and corn tamale. YUMmers. We split the Green Chile Chapinno. Very good needed lemon and was a little on the salty side. Drinks are expensive but we ordered premium te-killya and they have a heavy hand so it all works out. The portions are large enough and I would go back to try other items on the menu. Overall I would say the service is premium. Def. a must try when you do the vagas. HOLLLAAAA.
Had a spicy chicken and sweet potato hash benedict that was spicy but calmingly sweet in balance.  Everything was spicy but not "ruin your day" kind of spicy.  The server was a little off on people skills but for the most part very friendly.
worth every penny. take what you would have spent on a mediocre buffet and get something excellent from the mesa shop
I'm a Bobby Flay fan so I was really excited to dine here with my friends and this restaurant did not disappoint. It really deserves 4.5 stars. I made reservations 3 weeks in advanced and upon walking in, we were seated within 2-3 minutes. We were greeted by our server who was very nice and went over the menu for us. . . We got a complimentary bread basket with an assortment of breads. The blue corn muffins were my favorite. . . We ordered the lamb posole, pan seared halibut, black angus new york strip steak, coffee rubbed filet mignon, 22 oz bone-in chipotle glazed rib-eye, and they were all great! But the best was the rib-eye. It was rare, fatty, juicy, huge, and melted in your mouth. Drool. The filet mignon and new york strip was also very tender and delicious. The lamb posole had a lot of flavor and was really good, and the fish was light and also had a lot of great flavors. . . This restaurant is worth coming back to for sure.
I was hungover on a sunday killing time before going to the airport and not dressed up for a fine dining excursion.  I was happy to stumble across Mesa Grill and had brunch.. . For starters they had a decent bread basket. The Grits were the best I've ever had and the GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" was a solid appetizer.. . This was the fist time I had Scambled Egg Chilaquiles.  It's a great combination of Southwest Flavors and Eggs.  I wasn't blown away by the Flavors but left Mesa pleased and full.. . Overall Brunch was a nice way to Experience Mesa Grill.
I have a friend who's nemesis is Bobby Flay.  So I wanted to make sure we ate there.  The Bellagio buffet was packed, so I called last minute to make a brunch reservation for 11.  After about an hours wait in the comfy lounge chairs, we were seated.  Service was a bit slow throughout our meal, but I was just glad we were able to get a table for so many with such short notice.. . The bread basket was delicious, with bite-size jalapeno cheese cornbread, mini cranberry scones, and coffee cake.  For appetizers, I tried the Bacon Queso Quesadilla w/ fried egg, which was okay, and the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale, which was awesome.  The sauce, the jumbo shrimp, the tamale... everything was delicious and went well together.  I think I would've just been happy having a larger portion as my main entree.  I felt like a burger and since Bobby Flay is a burger fan, I figured I'd give the Mesa Burger a shot.  The burger patty itself was thick and super juicy, but it was a bit bland.  But the horseradish mayo and grilled onions helped.  The southwestern fries were pretty good, but didn't think they were as addicting as the server mentioned.  I think I'm still thinking about the parmesan truffle fries from a certain steakhouse.. . In the end, I was stuffed and enjoyed my meal.  If I were to come back, I think it would definitely be for dinner, since the brunch menu was limited in choices.
This place is a permanent fave in Vegas! We always order the cheese fundido and chicken taco appetizers and they are both incredible. As our main course we opted for the 16 spice chicken and chile relleno. The chicken was fantastic (although the pesto potatoes are the real star) but the relleno was eh. I can get better at my local taco stand. We had the churros for dessert and the delicate anise flavor was just right. It should be noted that I typically will avoid this flavor but in the churros, it worked. If you are looking for the best dang margarita you have ever had, then order the signature marg at Mesa....one will get ya going.. We have agreed that it might be best to just order appetizers next time but either way we are coming back!
Visited for lunch with old friends this past Friday - always wanted to try a Bobby Flay burger, so figured this was the right time!  . . The atmosphere is cool, a little loud, but overall fun - comfy waiting area up front at the bar, and not too long a wait for a table.  The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful with recommendations.  The breadbasket was fun, with the blue/yellow cornbread and jalapeno bread both of which tasted great. . . I considered the green chile burger and the pork tenderloin sandwich, but settled on the Mesa Burger ($16) since it was the signature lunch dish and it was my first time here.  The server asked how muchpink I liked in the burger and it came out cooked perfectly.  The horseradish mustard and grilled onions worked well together, and the southwestern fries were solid, soft and somewhat reminiscent (although not as good as) the fries at Five Guys.  I tried my friend's chile relleno and that was nicely prepared as well.. . All in all I was not disappointed, and would return for sure.  Would really like to see his burger joint in LA or OC!
Not the best value, but can't deny the excellent flavors here.. . I had the pork tenderloin dish here, and it was juicy and well-spiced as promised. I ordered two side dishes, mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts. The potatoes were runny but had an excellent cheese flavoring. The sprouts were amazing-roasted on the outside which created a caramelized surface with the pomegranates and a smoky flavor. . . The server was friendly but not available as much as you'd like. I suppose it was busy, but could have been anticipated on a Ricky Martin Saturday night. Incidentally, the bread service did not come out for a while, although the jalapeno slice made it worth the wait.. . I was not impressed by dessert. I had the coconut cake, and at least when I was a kid, light and fluffy was the way to go. This cake was soggy and cold-I don't get it.. . I paid a fortune for the privilege, but the crowd suggests this won't change soon.
Sinfully food in Sin City! . . You have to try the goat cheese queso fundido...oh yea baby! The chili burger was outstanding! The swordfish sandwich was too heavy...toasted butter bread, oily swordfish....good but way too many greasy components in one sandwich. Sounded better than it felt in my tummy. The fries were seasoned perfectly. Service was average and slow. And the place was freeeeeezing! . . Guess you are in a fancy place when they don't offer you ketchup...so I didn't ask LOL
The food is delicious.  I was so excited because I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan and the food did not disappoint.  I had the pork tenderloin and if you are not used to spicy food, take note, because it is on the spicy side.  I love spicy food but I am used to it and was extremely satisfied with the entree.  The margarita's are wonderful as well.  Be prepared to spend quite a bit of money but definitely worth it.
Pretty good food overall. Service was great - the wait staff is very attentive.. . Started with the quail appetizer - not my favorite as I did not find it particularly flavorful.. . I tried the Sixteen-Spice Chicken and that tasted a bit like deconstructed mole. The only reason that I was not thrilled is because the skin was just fatty, they did not crisp it enough for my liking so it kind of killed it for me a little.. . My husband tried the pork loin dish and that was much better than mine. It came with a really tasty corn tamale (I'm usually not much of a fan).. . We ended our meal with the banana creme dessert and that was really good :)
One of my favorite chefs is Bobby Flay.  While he may be a bit overexposed with the multitude of TV shows he appears on, the guy knows how to cook and does Southwest cuisine like a frickin' culinary Einstein.  Best yet, his cookbooks have recipes that are exceedingly accessible for the home cook and if followed with reasonable precision, you end up with damn tasty results.  Therefore, it was a no-brainer for the GF and me to go for lunch at the Vegas version of his Mesa Grill.  . . It was a Friday at the beginning of lunchtime.  Mesa Grill was empty and we could've sat at any table we wanted, but we decided to sit at the bar.  The bar is dominated by a heady array of fine tequilas and whisky.  Given it was before noon, we elected to just have water and some coffee.  Arturo, our bartender/server was friendly and spot on with his service.  We opened with an order of Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" served with mango, habanero hot sauce and avocado crema.  The "nachos" were exactly as advertised, a Southwest-style ceviche with a great balance of sweet and spicy hot with an avocado creaminess.  For my lunch course, I had the Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno stuffed with eggplant, manchego cheese, red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar.  The Chile Relleno was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside, tender chile with gooey cheesiness on the inside, and surprisingly light all-around.  It was perfect!  The GF had the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash.  I liked my dish better.  . . Mesa Grill is an unpretentious place.  It does simple, very pleasing food.  While it may not be the finest restaurant in Las Vegas, I can't name that many that provide a more enjoyable dining experience...especially for lunch!
After my 3rd trip, i have come to the conclusion that your best bet @ MESA is a lunch visit.  We spilit the smoked Chicken and black bean Quesadilla, browned well. The gala apple and maytag bleu cheese salad. She had the bbq lamb cobb salad. I had the Pork Tenderloin Pressed Sandwich with his Southwestern Fries.  Everything was AWESOME.  Top notch.
Great spiced chicken....great service, great place. I was a little surprised that I could not get black beans or any beans there as a side, but I would go there again and that is saying a lot considering all the good restaurants in caesars.
Mesa has been a regular visit for awhile on our annual guys trip.  Something exciting about dining at the restaurant of an Iron Chef. I just drool at the dishes those guys put together on the show.  My fantasy job is to be a judge on that show.  . . For brunch, their spicy egg dishes are perfect, especially with a bloody mary - though we will also get the blue corn waffle to share.  For dinner, the porterhouse is a fabulous cut of meat but way too much for a mere mortal to finish.  Recommend sharing the beef and trying other dishes.  . . What I enjoy is also the ambiance/vibe.  Amazing what a good designer can do w/ a piece of space right next to the sports book.
Let me preface this review by saying I have been waiting to try this place out for awhile. I'm already a fan of Bobby Flay who seems to be on everything on Food Network nowadays. The stars and reviews built up my excitement...and then I heard from friends of friends that it sucked. I was a little scared that it really would suck and I'd curse Bobby Flay with every ounce of my being (like when I tried to come here on my last trip and they closed early to redo the floors).. . Better half and I arrived here for brunch over Memorial Day weekend. We had our reservations about how much I'd like the place seeing as how I die if I lick a hot cheeto. Lots of things say spicy this...spicy that..spicy everything. In my head, I tell myself to toughen up and just try it...then I wimped out and went with a blue corn waffle. I ordered a cactus pear iced tea along with it since I was a bit curious. Boyfriend ordered spicy scrambled eggs sans goat cheese. The waiter gave him a bit of grief over it..saying he would check with the chef if that was allowed..asking if he didn't like it or if he was allergic...yada yada. . . Our plates came out and the waffle is the size of my face. Actually, bigger. It comes with vanilla creme fraiche and blackberry bourbon syrup. I'm not a fan of blackberries but this was divine! All the flavors melded together wonderfully. It wasn't overly sweet and the waffle had a distinct flavor. I tried (and failed) to finish the whole thing but only ate 3/4s of it. They prepared the eggs to bf's liking, without cheese, and he said it was delicious! I looked over at his plate and it was quite green from the onions and pleeenty of jalapeno. I didn't even attempt a bite. The tea was quite refreshing. It had a light flavor that contrasts how bitter tea can get. No need for sweetener here.. . Overall a pleasant experience. It didn't disappoint and I don't have to curse Bobby Flay every time I see him on Food Network. A nice change for brunch with its southwestern flare. It was definitely worth the wait!
Went here for lunch/brunch.. . Delicious spicy chicken and eggs. Not your traditional dish.. . A little pricier but you are in Vegas and it's a celebrity chef restaurant.. . Service was impeccable.. . I'd definitely recommend this anytime of the day.
Overall, we a had a great meal here. Loved the bread ( although it is not served warm), goat cheese app., salmon, and pork were all well liked and tasty. Good wine also! I like The location within Cesar's and it's a really lively place. I am taking a star off only because, they were changing the menu the next day so some things were out. Overall it's a good choice for dinner, but I'll try other places before I go back.
Normally, I'd order steak, but our waiter told us the signature dish was the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, so out of six people, 4 of us ordered the pork, and the other two had the rib-eye.. . When they brought out the dinners, I thouht they brought us steak in error.  The tenderloins were very thick cut, like a filet.  This was the best pork tenderloin I've had in my life!  Both guys that ordered the ribeye's tried the tenderloins and agreed.  They said their ribeyes were good, but in hindsight would have ordered the pork!. . The Sweet Potato Tamale that came with the tenderloin was a bit overcooked and dry, but still tasty.. . I'd give Mesa Grill 5 stars, but this was the one in Vegas.  I'm just not a fan of Vegas, but with all the celebrity chef places popping up, my point of view may change...
Spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Order it the way they say to and just savor the flavors. Really, just savor it! Chew, swallow, savor - doesn't get any easier than that.
We were looking for a place to have lunch and using my handy dandy yelp app we noticed that we were feet's away from Mesa Grill. We made an open table resie and found a table to gamble while we waited for lunch.. . Once seated we checked out the menu and since we weren't blown away by the appetizers we started with a yummy margarita. The drink was fabulous and a great start to our ladies lunch. I was torn between the Mesa Burger and the grilled swordfish club. After talking to our server he highly recommended trying the burger since it was my first time at Mesa Grill.. . My burger was tasty but nothing amazing, the southwestern fries on the other hand were a mouth-watering surprise to my meal. Then came dessert, I was torn between the deep dish banana cream pie and the toasted coconut layer cake. We ended up sharing the banana cream pie, the hazelnut Brittle made the entire dessert come together and I proudly licked my spoon clean.. . Service was fantastic; our server was knowledgeable and had helpful tips for our Vegas vacation throughout our lunch. All in all I can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu.
I really like this place....the food, ambience and service is great..... Make sure u have a reservation and dont forget to have the upside down mango cake......It is absolutely divine...... . I should add this.... we went there at 3. 15 , well beyond lunch hour but the staff were very helpful and we still got our food....i had the asparagus salad and chile rellino and my partner had spicy chicken...... . I do think they should add another veggie entree....But what i had was gooood...... . Also, most other places would have refused service...not this place....... I do appreciate what the staff did for us ...Also, we did not have a reservation...However, i do recommend a reservation. . The reason i gave this place 4 and not 5 stars even though i badly wanted to was for the lack of veggie entree options.....hope ur reading this Bobby Flay
Famous chef, high expectations.  Few options on the menu but what you get is always good (and you expect the fewer the choices the closer to perfection...and you would be correct).  The service was good, the food was cooked to perfection (the salmon and even the chicken were moist and full of flavor).  You need reservations or you will be waiting a while (it's Vegas).  Pricy but worth it
After a bit of a hiatus, I am going to finally complete my unfinished review.  Too much traveling, eating, and drinking has kept me away.  My queue of pending reviews is overwhelming now, but one review at a time.... . Mesa Grill is the perfect place for a delicious dinner in LV.  Both times I have dined at Mesa Grill l I have left happy and full.  . . Ambiance:. Nice, but not stuffy.  Bright color scheme matches the lively and upbeat atmosphere.  . . Service:. Excellent.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, while still maintaining the upscale, professional, vibe.  . . Food:. Full of great flavors and textures.  . . Tiger shrimp w/ roasted garlic:. My favorite item on the menu thus far.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly; they were tender and juicy, yet gave a little pop when you bit into them.  The garlic cream sauce was smooth and mild and just delicious with the delicate shrimp.. . Goat cheese queso fundido:. Goat cheese served bubbling in cast iron, need I say more?. . Green chili cioppino:. The flavor of the broth was fresh and the scallion butter just made the dish that much more rich and luxurious.
Having grown up with basic cable, I never heard of Bobby Flay until my cousin suggested we try eating at Mesa Grill. The first time we went, we tried unsuccessfully at getting a table. The dinner wait can go up towards an hour, so plan accordingly. The second time we went, we strategically chose to come during lunch time and there was no wait at all. SUCCESS!!!. . PROS:. - Shrimp and corn tamale - best freaking tamale ever. You HAVE to order this.. - Complimentary bread basket -  southwest corn muffin, jalapeno and cheese bread, and cranberry and walnut bread. Everything was delicious.. - Ambiance and decor - that wood panel ceiling is incredible.. - Service: attentive, kept our water and bread basket refilled. . . CONS:. - They make you take your hat off! It felt a little intrusive, but I guess Mesa Grill is a nice enough place, where they can request such things. . - Depending on what you order, the food can be SO HEAVY, my cousin and I were in a food coma for HOURS, and we only shared an appetizer and entree. . - Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash - more an appetizer to be shared than an entree on its own. I got tired of it towards the very end of sharing, so I couldn't imagine having it all for myself.
Finally can try Bobby Flay's restaurant last week. Food  was same as what I expected but the reason I only give 4 star was because they were a bit overprice.
During my recent trip to Vegas, we made a point to stop at three restaurants including Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. I had the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin and it was worth every penny. The flavor was outstanding and the pork tenderloin was tender. The sweet potato tamale with crush pecan butter was a perfect side for the tenderloin. The portion sizes were also good. I was satisfied and a little full when we left the restaurant. . . A couple of notes:. . 1) Reservations are NECESSARY at this restaurant. We made the mistake of showing up for dinner at 7:30pm on a Tuesday night, only to find out that we would have to wait until 10:30pm for a seat! So we had to make a reservation for the following night, which threw off our agenda a little. Just be sure to make your reservation at least a day ahead, and they will secure it with a credit card.. . 2) if you want to have dessert, you may want to skip the assorted bread basket that they bring out before your entree arrives. It's hard to resist, but you won't have room for dessert if you eat the breads. They are filling.
Unlike everyone else, I actually had no idea this was Bobby Flay's restaurant until I got there. Had I known of the Food Network association beforehand I would have worried about things like over-priced, over-hyped mediocre food that plagues many "famous" Las Vegas establishments. . . Having said that, this meal was a solid 4 stars. We had the Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla for an appetizer (although our server really tried to push the Tiger Shrimp on us... maybe next time) which was good, although I would have preferred the flour tortillas a little less burnt. For the main course I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and it was phenomenal. I ordered the pork medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. The dish itself was alittle too spicy for my tastes, but I can definitely still appreciate it. The main attraction for me was the Sixteen Spice Chicken which my boyfriend got. This was hands down the best chicken I have ever had in my entire life. I don't really know what else to say besides that. . . The entrees really brought up my opinion of this restaurant. I will say the margaritas were just decent - the white peach was my favorite, and the house was way, way too sweet. Skipped dessert too as nothing really looked good to me (and I never skip dessert), but then again I'm not usually a fan of Mexican inspired sweets so that's definitely not Mesa's fault. And at ~$100/person, we didn't need dessert anyway.
Tuna Nachos are great! Tuna is very fresh and tender. I got the White Peach Margarita and it has the right sweetness. I also had the grill asparagus salad and it was very flavorful. For my main course I had a coffee crusted Filet Mignon. It was very tender and spicy. The whole meal was very great and I was so full that I did not try any dessert. The atmosphere is very nice and open so you can see out to the mall area. I loved the colors in the dining area. I wasn't too crazy with the cow skin backs for the chairs, but that doesn't make me not want to go back.
Really amazing food at Caesars Palace.  The tiger shrimp tamale were amazing.  I liked the complimentary bread selection.  Amazing!  Pork tenderloin sandwich was smokey and delicious.  Check out what else I ate by visiting my blog.. . http://www.dinedelish.com/2011/07/15/mesa-grill/. . Thanks,. . Dine Delish
We had to try one of Bobby Flay's restaurants named MESA GRILL.  Excellent, Quality food!  Let me just say, I was SATISFIED and HAPPY!. . FOOD ORDERED (all recommended by waiter) Great Choices!:. . Drinks: Mexican Beer and Peach Mojito (forgot the names). Appetizer: Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. Entree: Black Angus New York Strip Steak and New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin - all cooked to perfection. Side: Roasted Corn with Chipotle Aioli, Lime, & Cojito - creamy and ok.. -sorry, we were too stuffed for dessert!. . ENVIRONMENT:. . Low lighting, contemporary tex-mex design. Located in Caesars Palace Hotel. . . SERVICE: Great food suggestions from waiter. Fast and quick service.. . TIP: Make a reservation.  There was a long line after 5:30pm.
You definitely have plenty of choices to dine at while in Vegas but if you're looking for something solid, you should start walking directly to Ceasar's Palace towards Mesa Grill. . . You'll enter a contemporary tex-mex restaraunt that boasts vivid colors which will quickly excite you for what your about to view - the menu. . . If you're a first-timer, you'll want to know that the menu doesn't entirely describe the dishes....but don't despair! The wait staff is super friendly and will point out some of the customer favorites and of course, their special of the day. . . We went for brunch, and boy, did they have a nice selection. Debating between many of the dishes, the choices finally came down to the Goat Cheese "Queso Fondido" and the Yucatan style grouper. . . While we were waiting for our food, we were brought some brunchy type breads...and by brunchy type, it's not your typical breads that you would get, but we got a chocolate chip coffee cake, jalapeno corn bread and a cranberry scone. Yum!! . . Next, we received the Goat Cheese "Queso Fondido" which was the perfect blend of creamy cheeses, topped with roasted peppers and served along side of some blue corn tortilla strips. The right size to split between a few people too. . . Finally, the long and awaited Yucatan Style Grouper, it was a citrus flavored grouper which was grilled (of course), atop a blue crab succotash with fava beans and corn. Somehow I can still taste the chives in the succotash tying the whole dish together. . . I'll be coming back....I'm already planning my next order for my return :)
First I am a celebrity chef fiend. I look for and find all these places they operate/own/are affiliated with and dont stop bugging till my bf takes me. . . Mesa Grill was close to the top of that list and finally this year we went. Reservations are very necessary for dinner. It gets packed. Prices are well a little ridonkulous but expected. Their margaritas are strong and good not overpowering and pink! (well some are anyway, at least the one I got was) . . We gorged on the bread basket, blue corn jalapeno something and raisin bread and just a bunch of yummy stuff. Well here comes the four stars...it's just my personal taste...I love Bobby, I thought the food was good but the entree selection (like at most of these celebrity chef places) was limited and typically that's fine but I guess none of the proteins stood out terribly and I really wasnt in the mood to pay over 30 bucks for bbq chicken. I'm not a fan of bbq, some other sauce maybe? more poultry selections and less selections of steak by the ounce would have been nice. You can have great steak anywhere I wanted signature stuff. . . Well as I mentioned earlier we piggies made the mistake of eating all the bread and when we saw the entrees were limited to like 6 choices other than the 3 sizes of steak we decided to order two apps each and try a bunch of different things. We asked the waiter a whole bunch of questions and let him steer us in the right direction. We ended up getting the two different quesadillas (chicken and black bean and the wild mushroom one) but we both got our own tiger shrimp and garlic tamale. We weren't in the sharing mood. . . Big mistake! It was soooo much food! Four appetizers for two ppl and two drinks was more than enough food, plus the bread basket...we couldnt even consider dessert (which makes me sad :( i love dessert but i was about to explode). . . The quesadillas weren't huge but they were a good portion I couldnt finish a whole mushroom one b/c it was very rich (cheesy) but sooo freaking good with the mix of cheeses fontina  I think and cotija and this basil/cilantro green chili concoction over the whole thing AND AND a big ass fried egg with a slightly runny yolk that tied the whole thing together. Wow.  Amazing.  My bf's chicken one was really good too but very different less rich and had a great chipotle chili sauce (very mild). I couldnt decide which I liked better though I think you could get through more of the chicken/black bean one b/c it wasn't as rich. . . The shrimp tamale.....was.....like my aunt's if she were to make tamales out of shrimp. Yes that means it tastes like food my family could make but that's a good thing. And I'm only referring to the corn meal part of the tamale. It was flavored beautifully not overly lard-y which always happens at southwest places eww. But the shrimp sauce that was 5 star chef stuff all the way. Again after attempting to tackle the entire quesadilla (got through 3/4!) eating the whole tamale was not gonna happen but I made a valiant effort. . . In the end we were left very satisfied, aka full and with 4 apps and two cactus (prickly pear) margaritas plus tax and tip we paid about 115....ya it was a special dinner and it was Bobby Flay's place...otherwise ya 4 apps..100 bucks!...ok well 25 of it is two drink but still! you get the point. . . But you gotta try this place!
The food was delicious.  There was a table of four of us and everyone enjoyed their food.  The crispy bacon and potato quesadilla was soooo yummy.  I really wish I could have that for brunch every weekend.  Atmosphere and decor were nice.  Service was great.  . . The only reason why I'm giving four stars is because... After the waiter brought out a dish of sugar packets, we found an empty one in there that had obviously been torn open and used by another customer and stuffed back into the dish.  Yes, it could have easily been looked over, but it just shows a little carelessness when checking over their things.
We made a point to go to this Bobby Flay restaurant because of the Shrimp & Corn Tamale that was featured on Foodnetwork's "Best Thing I Ever Ate."  Everything is pricey, so be prepared.  One tamale was $16 (I think), but it WAS good!  I thought there wasn't nearly enough sauce, so I asked for more, which the chef made up special for us at no extra charge.  I used half of the side of sauce and mmm'd my way to the last bite of that delicious appetizer.  My husband ordered the same tamale and before he was halfway through it, he called the server over to order a second one for himself.  The server brought my husband extra sauce without a second request!  Awesome!  We drank a delicious Cactus Pear Margarita with our "dinner," which was trickily sweet... it went down VERY easy!  We split a third.  In all, we would go back for the tamale and margarita.  But the bill... ouch!  3 tamales & 3 margaritas added up to $100!  You'd better win a little gambling before eating here!
Dear Bobby Flay , . I want to meet you and every time I gone to Mesa, I always ask your staff if you're in back of the kitchen! I had a dream that you and I were barbecuing for our friends and family. One day Bobby we will bbq together! I bet my bbq is bettter than yous!!. . You'll always be my #1 chef!. . Melody. . So as for the restaurant! I super love their food, the flavor, it's well cooked, and it has a Nice ambiance..  I tried different entree, Love all of them Salmon, Shrimp tamale (sounds weird right) but its so good, rib-eye, has a good flavor. Love their chorizo tamale and salmon/tuna fish tartar  with banana chips so good, wish they put more on the plate.. . Will I go again? Of course, every chance that I get!!. MUST try it, promise you wont get disappointed!!
I ate at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill - LV for dinner with my parents.  It's located in Caesars Palace, and it's a cool contemporary Tex-Mex place.  We enjoyed the assorted bread basket full of raisin bread, sourdough with cheddar & jalapeno and corn muffin.  I had the roasted corn soup and ancho chile-honey glazed salmon.  The food was delicious and unfortunately had no room for dessert, maybe next time?
OK, I am a sucker for Queso Fundido, so my dining experience was off to an incredible start. The fundido was hot, but not scathing and had a great consistency. Then the blue corn tortilla with duck. The duck just melted.  . . I ordered dinner, not thinking about how full I would be from the appetizers, but I powered through.. . I ordered the 16 spice chicken. Just the right blend of spices (no I don't know what they were), the right amount of spicy, and the chicken was cooked perfectly.. . So I was to full to have dessert.. . My only complaint is that the staff stood around a lot, in full view. Which is really frustrating if you are waiting on something. As an added bonus we could hear them complain about other waitstaff, what they were doing after work... Really do that in the kitchen on on your own time. This knocks it down a star.
My two friends and I wanted to go some where nice since it's gonna be a mini reunion for us. I decided to try Mesa Grill cause it would be funto say we tried a restaurant of a famous chef we all know from food network, Bobby Flay.. . First off, I was slightly annoyed that we had to wait to be seated at our reserved table because not all members of our party were there yet. Our party was ONLY 3 people. My friend and I had to wait in the lounge for over 30 minutes because only one person was late, due to the crazy traffic on the strip. Really? Couldn't we just sit at our table that we reserved and be more comfortable to chit chat? I'd understand if our party was like 6 people and only two people were there to check in to sit in the lounge area.. . We got drinks in the mean time, which were very good, the classic margarita and the mojito. . . For dinner, my friend ordered the pork tenderloin, which is a popular hit. The waiter will suggest that the pork loin is best when served pink, so my friend went a long with his suggestion. When the pork loin came out, it was REALLY pink, rare pretty much. She is not the person to really say anything and toughs it out usually, but she actually had to ask them to take it back and make it well done. The server was nice enough to take it back to the kitchen and served her a well done version, which did not disappoint. The meat was still very delicious and tender. Then towards the end of our meal, we noticed that table next to us had to send their pork tenderloin back too because it was too rare. So quick tip for this is to not get the pork loin rare or ask for medium well, its still very good well done. I had the lamb chops which were very good. The tamale that is served with it is to do die for. My other friend had the salmon. All our meals were very tasty. It was still a fun experience.
Are YOU ready for a throw down?. Apparently my tummy was and sadly Bobby Flay was not there personally to accept my challenge.. . We had brunch here (no lunch on weekends..just brunch) to avoid paying $$$$ for dinner. Cheap I know.. Given that Mr. Flay is an iron chef I just HAD to try out his cooking.. The restaurant is tex-mex so keep that in mind. I read that the shrimp tamales are the best thing to get here...but sadly I did not get it.. . The bread basket was a nice perk as its not filled with your usual baguette or French loaf. It had blueberry bars, cookies, and mini biscuits. The dishes were carefully thought out and plated beautifully. . I personally felt that the home fries (which are not french fries, btw) were a little tooooo salty.. . I admit that this place is pricey. You'll pretty much be spending $20 or more per person. But you are in Vegas! Splurge a little!
Big fan of Mesa Grill, especially for lunch. . . Their menu is very reasonably priced for a fancy casino restaurant and although their menu isn't extremely extensive, they have quite a few dishes to choose from. On this occasion, I shared a Mesa Burger and a Swordfish club with fellow Yelper. The burger was extremely moist and delicious. This was lunch date's favorite dish. The sandwich was really good. Filled with tons of avocado, bacon and swordfish between two (slightly too thick) slices of bread. The french fries were perfectly seasoned.. . We finished our meal with a slice of coconut cake and the mango rum upside down cake. Both were fantastic as well.. . Service was great. Our glasses never went unfilled and the waitstaff was extremely attentive. I highly recommend this place.
I have been wanting to go to Mesa Grill for years but never pulled the trigger.  Finally did on this last trip to Vegas and I'm sure I'll be back. Definitely get the grilled corn as a side dish...PHENOMENAL!  The coffee rubbed ribeye was incredible as well.  I could have gone without the tamale appetizer.  But the place has a beautiful look and feel, and the service was excellent.
Went to Mesa Grill on a recent trip to Vegas, and was super excited about it... and for the most part it didn't let us down.  The breakdown:. . Service: 5 stars.  Our waitress was fantastic and our food came out at just the right pace.. . Food: 5 stars.  The tiger shrimp and sweet potato tamale lived up to its reputation, and the salmon was cooked perfectly and had a delicious mole with a ton of flavor underneath.  The other fish we had was also cooked perfectly although the preparation was less unique (it came on top of crab with edamame, corn and a buttery sauce).  The cornbread and jalepeno bread at the beginning is a nice perk and yummy.. . Margaritas: 2 stars.  Bummer!  This is the only part that knocks it down to an overall 4 star experience.  Both margaritas we had (one was a cactus pear, the other was another "speciality") were overly sweet, tasted the same, small, and couldn't really taste the tequila.  I was expecting a long list of tasty and inventive margaritas, and instead found a good tequila selection, but nothing more.  If I get the chance to go back, I'll leave the drinking for the casino!
Had very high expectations about this place, just because it's Bobby Flay! I wasn't very impressed with the fiet mignon, since the ground coffee around it killed the taste. BUT THE RIB EYE IS VERY VERY GOOD! I suggest everyone to order it! Great experience, lovely place!
Apitizer was great (tiger prawns with a corn tamale) Dinner was ok (rabbit) a little to much heat for my taste.  Service was good though and i must say as a whole i really liked this place.
Note:  My experience was limited to the Restaurant Week Menu only.. . First of all, I kind of hate Bobby Flay.   He just has a very punchable face.  Anyways, I digress...yes...Mesa Grill.  . . I'm a bit embarassed to say that I liked Mesa Grill (I still hate you, Bobby).  It wasn't fantastic, but, pretty, pretty, pretty good.  3.5 stars.. . My restaurant week menu included the following: (1) blue corn pancake with bbq duck; (2) the New Mexico spice-rubbed pork tenderloin with sweet potato tamale; and (3) mango buttermilk upside-down cake.  I also ordered a prickly pear margarita.. . The bbq duck in the blue corn pancake was a bit sweet for me; I found myself struggling to finish it.  Probably wouldn't order it again.  The pork tenderloin entree include three huge portions of perfectly cooked, moist pork slabs.  Awesome.  Unfortunately, the sweet potato tamale that accompanied the pork (and impossible to open) was really dry and added nothing to the dish.  The mango buttermilk upside-down cake dessert was okay but was elevated to good by the delicious rum caramel glaze topping the cake and mango ice cream.. . My prickly pear margarita was good but a tad sweet.  I probably prefer a more traditional margarita.. . My boyfriend ordered the restaurant week menu with roasted corn soup,  Yucatan-style grouper, and key lime pie.  I took bites of his food and wished I had ordered his menu.  So, if you decide to try the Restaurant Week menu, I'd recommend you order his choice of dishes.. . Bonus points to Bobby for not including any kokopelis or pictures of cacti in his restaurant.  I still hate it when you win throwdown.  That is all.
Yummy in my tummy. This was the first stop on our Vegas food train and it was a memorable one. Lunch started with the Goat Cheese 'Queso Fundito'... which was so good that it distracted me from my entree for about half the meal. But that doesn't mean that my entree - the smoked shrimp tacos + salsas - wasn't also awesome. Wash it down with a couple beers and I was good to go! This would probably be a repeat visit sort of place if there weren't a gazillion other options on the strip.
Dinner Review . App: Blue Corn Pancake Barbecued Duck ($15) . I couldn't really taste the 'blue corn' in this pancake but it was nice and crisp. The filling was more of a pulled duck rather than duck chunks but the taste was nice and tender.. . Entree: New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with a Sweet Potato Tamale ($36). I ordered this tenderloin at medium came out just the way I ordered. Very very juicy melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat. Sweet potato tamale was absolutely delicious. . . Dessert: Mango Buttermilk Upside Down Cake Rum Caramel Sauce + Mango Ice Cream ($11). Very light on the rum and super sweet caramel sauce. I wish the mango ice cream had more of a mango flavor. . . Bobby Flay ... you are awesome.
Let me start out by apologizing to Bobby Flay...so sorry. When my wife and I watch him cook on TV I always make fun of him using the same ingredients, ie cilantro, corn, mango salsa, etc...but, man does it work in person. We went during restaurant week but I won't bore you with the same review that other people already wrote. All I will say is that I was very, very pleasantly surprised on how good the food was. If ever at Caesars, then I will stop in for a delicious meal. BTW, the hostess was a bit snooty and tried sticking us at a booty table at first...
For a Latin restaurant owned by an Irish dude, this is legit. I went there for brunch on Sunday and highly recommend making reservations because the place can get pretty full. . . Service was prompt, we had drinks and menus and a run down of the best things to order within 2 minutes of being seated. You start out with various baked savory/sweet pastries while waiting for the food. The chilaquiles were really good and i was glad that they didn't skimp on portion size. My friend got the ranch style tostada which was ok but the sauce was surprisingly sweet, almost too sweet. The drinks (mango&carrot juice and the blood mary) were a nice compliment to the meals, I'd probably order both of them again. . . This is a great place that's more on the casual-upscale side compared to other restaurants on the Strip and the food is worth going back for, especially because the service was so quick (we finished a full meal in 1 hour)! One quick tip: their napkins are super linty, don't put them on your clothes!
coincidentally it was restaurant week in vegas earlier this month, so we decided to reward ourselves to some fine, fine dining. now i do not know much about bobby flay - only that he's famous, he does southwestern style cooking, and he tried to hit up ari gold's wife.. . apparently in this case, southwestern means that corn and spices are infused in most of his dishes. . . first course: roasted corn soup served with smoked chiles & tortilla strips. this creamy sensation was rather sweet. the tortilla gave it a nice balance of texture.. . second course: new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin; bourbon - ancho chile sauce, sweet potato tamale + crushed pecan butter. the pork tenderloins loins were absolutely amazing. it had the right amount of spices rubbed in, such that it was not overpowering nor spicy but instead gave it a nice little kick. it's reminded me of sriracha sauce in that effect. the only disappointing part about it is that i devoured it too fast. such a pig.. . third course: frozen key lime pie; coconut sorbet. blah. too sweet and tart for my taste buds.. . yes. i am impressed.
I get nervous going to a celebrity chef's restaurant. People love their shows, their recipes and even their TV personality, so the excellence of their restaurant and food are normally blown way out of proportion. However, with Mesa Grill, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I was wrong in thinking the food was going to be simply mediocre and left more than satisfied with the 1000+ calories I had just happily consumed.. . When I sat down I immediately told the server that I was gluten-free. Without flinching, he told me that most of the food is gluten-free, but if not, they can substitute the sides, etc, so I won't become ill. This was most relieving since 1/2 the restaurants I have gone to in Vegas don't know what gluten-free means, so this was a great start to the meal.. . After watching the show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Vegas," I had to come and try the tiger shrimp tamale. I asked the server if it was gluten-free and he said absolutely. My fiance told him to definitely get a start on that tamale with a massive smile on his face and the server obliged. However, before he left he told us about the specials and showed how real restaurants should be training their staff. Very professional. Very friendly. Very fantastic.. . Oh the Tiger Shrimp. I could bathe in the sauce. I envisioned myself swimming in it last night. I could put it on everything and even though my heart would scream each day, it would be worth the Lipitor. Great flavors, fresh, succulent shrimp and just a small amount of heat. If you are not a fan of garlic, stay away, because unlike the heat, there was a plentiful amount of garlic to keep any creepy Twilight vampire away for years.. . I cannot say very much about the chile relleno my fiance ate because 1. It was not gluten-free, but most importantly, 2. It was gone in ten minutes. The ONLY reason it took him that long to eat the chile was because we had just eaten a massive corn tamale and split a bottle of wine. Also, once in a while we try to act like we're classy and not inhale our food. All I know is that seeing the cheese slowly pouring out of the chile when he broke the shell reminded me why I love cheese and why it is so dang good.. . I ordered the spicy chicken. When you place the words, spicy, chicken and hollandaise sauce all in the same sentence I will pounce on whatever it is IMMEDIATELY. The fact that I was in a breakfast mood was only boosted by the perfectly poached egg on top. Texture city and oh the flavors! Even though I wish it was actually spicy (please note that I am Korean and burn my tastebuds off every other day with chili paste), it was really perfect. First, I picked off a couple pieces of the chicken and then just broke into that poached egg and let it smother the spicy chicken in its happiness. Then I would roll a forkful around in the green hollandaise and all cravings, protein, brunch and fatty goodness were satisfied in one quick bite. It took me a long time to eat it because I was still full from the tamale, but you can't take a poached egg as a leftover while walking around in 100 degree weather. I was forced to eat it all. For shame.. . You should go here. Great service, the food is creative, colorful and absolutely solid. You will be full, satisfied and leave from this restaurant content and rubbing your belly in sheer delight as you muffin top your way back to your room and pass out from a pleasant food coma.
This place is worth the hype. I am not sure what goes into their french fries but I am addicted!. . I have been here twice and both times I ordered the New . Mexican Pork Tenderloin Sandwich. The first time I had it, it was so spicy I nearly couldn't eat it. I ordered it again this recent time and the heat was much more mild and the sandwich was pretty good. The cactus pear margarita is amazing, the white peach margarita is a little too sweet for my taste. . . Overall the ambiance is OK, but the food is amazing. I will say if you have dietary restrictions like I do, check the menu before you come. They only serve brunch Saturday and Sunday afternoons, not their normal lunch menu.
Bobby Flay rocks!! Walked in for lunch & they had some accident in the kitchen so it was closed so came back again for dinner the next nite. Ordered the pork loin tenderloin -- it was amazing! must try! It had some nice heat to it which was just perfect for my palate. Sorry, I hate bland food. My wife is veg & ordered the Chile Releno which was excellent!! For dessert, went with the Deep Dish Banana Cream Pie which was just delicious!! Overall, it was worth the money! Yes, it pricey but hey you are in Vegas!! :)
Got to eat here during Las Vegas Restaurant Week. It was so delicious!. I absolutely loved the tiger shrimp corn tamale appetizer.  The crab cake was pretty good-- I have had better. The best part of the meal was dessert-- homemade peach cobbler with sweet cream corn ice cream! The ice cream was the best part of the meal! I told the server it was better than real corn and possibly the best thing I had ever eaten! If you can get here in the summer time--- ask for the sweet cream corn ice cream. I can't stop thinking about it!
Had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  Had a couple of killer cocktails, and started out sharing the Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - excellent!  My husband had the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash, which he loved, and I had the 16-Spice Chicken Salad, which was really good.  Good service, lively atmosphere.
NOTE: I rewrote the review in the edit above  The original visit was only for lunch and drinks and it's covered above.
Goat cheese app was to die for. BF said he couldn't speak for a moment. Served with black tortillas. Yum.. The chille relleno with eggplant was amazing. Panko fried. Bobby Flay definitely did not disappoint!
The food was absolutely delicious!!!! I had the Chili Rellano, while my husband enjoyed their chicken dish. We also split the Tamale side. So so very good. . . The absolute only reason I have taken one star away is because of their reservation policy. They make it so, if you miss your reservation, you must pay $50 a person, however, when we showed up for our reservation at 8:45pm we were not seated until nearly 9pm. I understand that people are busy, but I wonder if they would afford us the same courtesy towards our reservation if we had been late?
i went for brunch.. it was delicious! . the service was great, top notch! the only reason i gave it 4 was the price, AAAAND the burger.. i make burgers just as good at home for cheaper.. YIKES. . . i love the look of the place, the service, the bunch was delicious! and id eat the burger again.. so yes Ill return! :)
I went to Vegas for one day only because of my moms last minute business thing and I decided that I wanted to eat here (mostly because I'm a fan of Bobby Flay and Iron Chef America). . Honestly, I was kind of disappointed. I expected to have my socks knocked off but it just didnt happen. . . there were some wonderful things. -Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: that my boyfriend got. it was AMAZING. perfectly cooked, some of the best pork i ever had. -my Tuna Steak was cooked perfectly rare, but the couscous that came with it was just whatever. (I dont like couscous). -our waiter was great. . things that werent so great. -the wait, despite my reservation and the restaurant being half emptied by the Rod Stewart show. -the wait for our main entrees . -my mom's Coffee-rubbed Filet Mignon: literally $44 for just the steak. it was cooked well but was too salty . -$8 for a thing of sauteed spinach. totally bland, could make it myself spinach. wayy too expensive.. -i hate it when you have to order sides along with your food. . . I don't think the overall flavor profiles and the menu were to my taste. what a disappointment, but thats not the restaurants fault.
The service and food are technically 5-star but the combinations are so unusual it was tough to find the rounded meal I expect. Almost no vegetarian options.
Have dined here two other times, both of which included Bobby Flay burgers which are very very good!   This time we were on East Coast time, starving  with the fall-back time change, we had an extra long wait for them to open on a recent Sunday morning.  Finally they opened and we got in the line that had suddenly cropped up hoping we didn't need reservations.  After a short wait, we were led to a small table for two.. . Our waiter was very friendly and efficient, but I don't know that he actually HEARD what we said to him.  After explaining the difference in their three signature margaritas, having had the peach one before (which he described as sour), I ordered that, and husband went for coffee.  Waiter was very very right...this drink tasted like pure sour mix.  I couldn't taste the peach at all, unlike the past when I've had it and it was very peachy.  I even questioned him about whether he had brought the right drink.  He assured me it was the right drink and I drank it doggone it...it was my duty!  Although I do remember what it USED to taste like.  Just sayin' Bobby!. . TIP TIP TIP:  SHARE meals here.  Share appetizers/meals/salads whatever.  I wish we had done that, but we were both so hungry that we each ordered entrees.  I opted for:  . . SP I C Y  CH I C K E N  + SW  E E T  PO T  A  T  O  HA S H. P o a c h e d   E g g s    . +   G r e e n   C h i l e  H o l l a n d a i s e  $18. . Husband went with:. . RA N C H   ST Y L E   EG G S   TO S T  A  D A. C r i s p y   F l o u r   T o r t i l l a  .   A n c h o   C  h  i l e   -   T  o m  a t  o   S a u c  e    . +   W h i t e   C h e d d a r   C h e e s e  $16.. . We were brought a basket of great baked goods that included adorable and delicious tiny jalapeno biscuits, Bobby's usual blue cornbread muffin (which always falls apart when try to eat it, but is more moist than it used to be) and a delicious blueberry baked something.  Husband's coffee was excellent!  . . And out came the entrees.  Both were HUGE.  If only Husband did poached eggs maybe we could've shared, but he doesn't so all I got was a taste of his, and he took a taste of mine then dove back into his.  Mine was really good, but Waiter had said it was the spiciest thing on the menu (6 out of 10 he said).  I had said bring on the spice.  I would give it maybe a 2 out of 10 on the spicy scale.  It was good, but would've loved a small amount of it along with something else.  It was too much of one thing.  Husband's dish that sounded so plain and ordinary was fabulous!  (at least the one bite I got).  In hindsight, I would recommend sharing a couple different things.  . . Am still a fan of Mesa Grill and would not hesitate to go back, but would order differently in the future. And sincerely hope they fix the peach problem!
Alright, I'll be honest. I'd been wanting to come to Mesa Grill ever since I saw that one episode of Best Thing I Ever Ate where the tiger shrimp corn tamales were featured. So when my boyfriend and I were about to head back home from our anniversary vacation I just had to get over to Mesa Grill to try that dish, and wow.. it was so good I'm STILL thinking about it a whole 11 hours later. If you love a creamy, buttery dish full of corn and shrimp, you will be a happy person. I cleaned my whole plate. Though they only give you around 4 shrimps, you will still be happy because of the yummy sauce you can dip your complimentary bread into, and the masa, which I could seriously eat bowls of. My boyfriend ordered the blue corn pancake with bbq duck and he was very happy with it. I would definitely love to come back here again and try some more of Bobby Flay's yummy sounding dishes. I should also mention that we were seated promptly without a reservation, and our waiter was great.. knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and helpful. Oh and the womens' bathroom smelled like watermelon. An odd observation, but I had to share.
This place is really good! I went there there for brunch. I had a carrot and mango juice which was REALLY good. I also had the blue corn waffle which was different but good... it was sweet. Home fries were okay, a little chewy/hard. Another side they had was grits, I don't even like grits and I thought they were good.
Sooooo, my lovely girlfriend and I decided to check this place out.  . . It was pretty much what I had expected from a well known chef. . . We had the concierge make our reservation for us, and arrived a little earlier than we had expected.  This was apparently no problem, as we were seated immediately.  Our waitress was pleasant and explained everything to us fairly promptly after we sat down. . . I ordered the pork tenderloin and my sweetheart had the Stuffed pepper.  We were probably expecting to wait a little bit for our food to arrive after ordering, but surprisingly we were served somewhat quickly.  I'd say within about 10 minutes of ordering our food, it was sitting in front of us. . Both of our entrees were really well prepared and very tasty. . . If I had to complain about anything, it would be the ice cubes.  I had expected that maybe for once (in vegas) that when I ordered up a bourbon on the rocks, I'd actually, finally see a real ice cube. Especially in a restaurant where people are supposed to know about these things.  It was pretty disappointing to have three slivers of ice, that had basically melted by the time I was served.  Honestly I'm only really complaining about it since on the dessert and drink menu they list a glass of a nice bourbon for $35.  I feel like if you were to order the higher end stuff as an after dinner drink, you would be pretty disappointed if you ordered it on the rocks.  I know that this is a small detail to most, but I think many people that drink scotch or bourbon would agree.  If you're ordering a drink on the rocks, there is a reason for it.  . . Overall the experience was great, and I would definitely stop her again sometime, though I think maybe for lunch, and hit up someplace a bit more high end for dinner.
Whoahhhh!!! Now this is what i call a throw down!. . Of course, i'm referencing Bobby Flay's inventive cuisine at his southwestern themed restaurant in Caesar's palace, Las Vegas.   . . It was our first night and after winning a grip of change form the slots at Caesar's, my friend suggested eating at Mesa Grill for din din.  I wasn't too familiar with the restaurant but when I realized it was Bobby Flay's joint, my interest was certainly piqued.  . . Truth be told, i'm not a Flay fanatic by an stretch, but a little star power never hurt anyone IMO.  With that said, there's always the pressing issue of hype over substance which in turn had me proceeding with cautious optimism.  . . As we made our way across the bustling casino and stepped into the restaurant, I definitely felt the warmth of the contemporary Latin theme throughout the communal dining space, which was flanked with rich reds and soft golden hues. . . Within moments, the hostess greeted us and proceeded to lead us to our seats.  Our server wasted no time in taking our orders, as well.. . In record time, we got our beautifully plated appetizers and entrees. . Let's just say my doubts melted away with my very first bite! Wow, this food had big, bold flavor and the quality was incredible! . . Here's a rundown of what we had:. . Shrimp tamale - Plump, juicy and mouthwatering gulf shrimp in a fresh corn meal that was both rich & flavorful. Outstanding! . . Tuna nachos - Fresh chunks of seasoned ruby red tuna in a sweet & tangy sauce that had a pleasant citrusy finish. The crisp corn tortilla added a nice contrast in texture to this refreshingly vibrant dish! Lip smacking goodness in every bite!. . Pork tenderloin - This dish was absolutely phenomenal!!! The meat was like a perfectly cooked filet! It was soft, buttery and rich. Perfectly decadent and oh so flavorful! Honestly, the meat was so tender, i kept asking my friends "Are you sure this is pork?" . . Spice Filet - Buttery, tender and succulent beef filet with a pleasant kick from the house spices! Scrumptious!. . Lamb chops - Beautiful crust and perfectly pink inside. Boasting a magnificent charbroiled flavor that was absolutely addicting! Seconds please!. . Corn - Fresh cuts of corm kernels with explosive flavor and fantastic texture. This is a side you don't wanna miss!. . After consuming all that delicious food, we simply had no additional room for dessert. Besides, wehad our minds set on some chocolate decadence at Max Brenner's afterwards (review forthcoming). . Overall, service was attentive, friendly and fast. The food, of course, was incredible and most importantly, it didn't break the bank either!. . Why? Because this birthday boy didn't have to pay...lol. . Happy Eats!
I really enjoyed this restaurant. . . For drinks, I highly recommend the cactus pear margarita. I don't usually order margaritas, but I decided to order one here because it sounded good - and I must say - it was amazing! Best margarita I've ever had. . . For the food, we went with the servers recommendations. We ordered a few of the tiger shrimp tamales, and the blue corn pancake. Aside from the margarita, the appetizers were the highlight of the meal. Amazing.. . For the main course, we all decided to go with their specialty and ordered the pork tenderloin. It was actually a lot of food and was cooked perfectly. It had a bit of kick to it, so if you don't like spicy food, then this wouldn't be the dish for you. . . The service was also great. My only complaint would be the timing of the meal. We got our drinks and appetizers super fast and then we seriously waited another 25 minutes to receive our main course. But other than that, this place is worth trying.
NOMMY  :). . Walked into Mesa Grill at around 5:30 p.m. on a Wednesday night.  Greeted by a friendly staff and immediately seated.  Our waitress was super nice and sweet!  We were brought three types of bread - jalapeno sourdough, a corn muffin, and walnut raisin bread.  Because I'm allergic to walnuts, they brought us two bread baskets and even cut the bread at a different station to avoid contamination.  Here is a rundown of what we ordered:. . Cocktail - Grapefruit (forgot name):  A+. . Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido":  A+  -- Melty goat cheese mixed with sweet peppers in a hot cast iron skillet with fresh blue tortilla chips.  yumm. . Black Angus Strip Steak:  B -- Large cut of steak, outside was tender but parts were very very tough. . . Mashed Potatoes:  A+ -- Smooth and creamy.  delish.. . Ancho Chili - Honey Glazed Salmon:  A+ -- Perfectly cooked medium well.. . Smoked Chili Collard Greens:  A+ -- Perfectly seasoned and yummaaa!. . We were so full that we couldn't order dessert.  :(  The table next to us ordered a coconut cake that looked sooo good.  Boo.... . Overall, great food and service.  4 star rating because of the steak.  At $48 a pop, we would have expected a melt in your mouth experience...
Ever since our first visit we had been longing for a second try.  Finally got to go to Vegas for vacation again and we reserved for Mesa right the way.. . Their food is great as usual.  I couldn't resist ordering the ribeye again medium rare, and it's terrific as ever.  Very nice crust on the outside, juicy meat on the inside.  And the sauce pairs so well with it.  My wife ordered the salmon this time, very moist and juicy, she loved it too.  For appetizer we ordered the shrimp tamale and duck pancake.  But was done very well and very tasty.  Mesa Grill food are always on the strong side, but you never feel food being too overpowering and I could definitely have more.  . . However, food aside, I have to say we were not as impressed about their staff services this time around.  On our first visit it was fabulous.  This time our server was very nice but not top notch by my book.  . . The staff at the front though really left us some bad taste.  First of all, when we made reservation, my wife clearly said 7 people, 4 adults and 3 kids.  When we arrived and checked, they said no only 6 people.  Fine, things happen and I consider that innocent mistake.  But the staff didn't show any "concern" or "eagerness" to help fix the problem.. . Ending up my wife stood there for a few seconds and asked "so is this going to be OK?"  The male and female staff stood there, looked at each other, talked a bit, and said "yeah it's fine".  My wife then said "OK, thanks.  We will be waiting outside because of the kids".  Both staff did NOT even acknowledged her, not even looked at her once. . . Seriously?  To me it's very basic customer service to at least acknowledge your customers.  I don't even we were even asking for the unreasonable.  Mesa is not the most expensive restaurant out there but still on the high side, so I personally expect better services overall.
Holy Yum Batman!!! . This was the best dinner I had while in Vegas.. . Our visit was near x-mas, so I can't speak to the wait time since there wasn't one for us. Our waiter was prompt, friendly, informative, and super observant. He was always quick to be at our table when it looked like we needed him.. . We had the goat cheese appetizer, the quesadilla appetizer, the 16 spice chicken, the chicken tacos (an app, but it was my entree), the chile rellenos, and the salmon. (this was for 4 people).. . After the appetizers we realized we weren't that hungry and were suprised at the portion size of our entrees. They're alittle small for the price. So it was good for our tummys but not for our wallets.. . Churros were for dessert, the waiter talked us into it!. . I would totally go back when i visit next.
Mesa Grill fully met my expectations and then some.. . I had always wanted to go try Bobby Flay's restaurant as I watch wayyyyyy too much food network tv.  So last weekend in Vegas I got the chance and was so glad I did.  . . #1 rule make reservations just trust me. . I ate the Rabbit and yes it was amazing served on bone and off so you get best of both worlds there.  . . Jalapeno margarita was awesome but not on menu.  Thank you Mr. Bartender for hooking up the request.
Nothing is wrong with the food, our entrees were delicious and very filling. The lamb was cooked to perfection. The location however is horrendous...it has a food-court feeling and lacks the intimate dining experience you would expect of a place like this. Good food, but probably would look somewhere else next time around given the myriad of options in LV.
Reasonable for Vegas and very delicious. I have nothing to add that hasn't been stated but I advise skipping the shrimp appetizer.  According to our waiter, the shrimp dish has been on the menu since the restaurant's opening. The tables next to ours also ordered it and were raving about it. Although it was delicious, it wasn't that memorable or particularly great.  The shrimp was medium size and came with a sauce, which I'm struggling to remember.  We also ordered the chicken tacos which were a far superior appetizer.
We've been to MESA 5 times now... Very cool atmosphere and a good variety of menu choices. I suggest splitting a few appetizers before your entree (blue corn duck pancakes, tiger shrimp tamales). You get a variety of fresh bread and muffins before you order. Good wine selection and strong cocktails. I've ordered the Ribeye twice... once it was the best steak I ever had the second time it was a little too fatty. Filet minon is good as well. I don't normally order desserts but you have to at MESA. Churro's, coconut cake etc are great... The menu choices change with the seasons. If you go with a large party 10 or more you get a private room. PS- Make reservations at least 30 days in advance!
High point of my vegas trip. The corn muffin in the bread basket was the best I've had . I loved everything they had, xcept the churro, which costed $11. Really, $11? I could have the same churro at costco for $1.50.
Ready to hate it until I ate it!. . Ok. Full disclosure: I hate Bobby Flay.  When I see him on various food network shows, I puke.  With that said, the first time I went to Mesa Grill, I was completely ready to have a totally rotten time just to reinforce my opinion of Bobby and give me bitching rights for the future.  Mr. Flay, my humble apology.  You may be a turd on TV, but you have a great restaurant and I've been back multiple times with guests.. . The vibe is cool.  Just enough isolation from the casino floor to make dining intimate, but a sweeping and impressive view of the sports book in the background that looks like NASA's mission control.  The tuna nachos and the duck laden Blue corn pancakes are fabulous.  The pork loin and the filet are both must haves as is the side dish of chorizo-feta tamales.  Service has always been punctual, but nonintrusive, that's professionalism.  I've always been accommodated for a late notice reservation, even during hectic CES.  My only, purely selfish, complaint is that you no longer offer those truly wonderful caipirinhas.  Maybe something to reconsider?  You did them well.. . Thanks a lot Bobby for making me almost like you!  Your restaurant is the great persuader - Great meals, all.
We had an amazing time at Mesa Grill!! From the service, to the ambiance, to the food, everything was fantastic. We started out with the cactus pear margarita--it was a gorgeous pink color and definitely tasty. A little bit too sweet for my taste, but still good and fresh tasting. . . We had the tuna nachos and goat cheese fundido as appetizers. I don't eat seafood but the three other people in our party loved the nachos. I personally loved the goat cheese fundido--really flavorful with bell peppers pieces mixed in. . . For dinner, our table ordered the rib eye, yucatan chicken tacos, and the chile relleno. Oh man, does Bobby Flay know how do flavor! The sauces on each dish were intricate and absolutely amazing. I've never had such a good chile relleno. I don't like eggplant usually,  but I couldn't even tell it was there. The tacos were great as well, with a great mixture of mint and cilantro to top them with (who knew those two mixed so well on tacos?!. The boys loved their rib eye. . . Our server was perfect, which made the meal even better. We ended dinner with some Don Julio tequila, great for sipping. Thanks for a wonderful dinner, Mesa Grill!
Love this place!  Where else can you go for Sunday brunch, have a Bobby Flay menu in front of you and a sports book behind watching your favorite game.  I can not comment on the broad menu however brunch was awesome, had the burger and a quesadilla to share.
We eat here every time we're in Vegas.  The food is always perfect and the prices, considering the location, quality, service and celeb chef status, are super reasonable.  Go, order things that sound good to you and something that sounds crazy, too, and you'll be glad you did.
Went for lunch while in Vegas on business.  Had read that the Tiger Shrimp tamale was the favorite Vegas food for Michael Simon and because the restaurant is owned by Bobby Flay, we knew it must be special.  Ordered it as our appetizer and it was wonderful!  At the recommendation of our server we got the shrimp tacos for lunch and they were good as well.  I only wish we could have gone back to try the duck blue corn pancake appetizer and the entree rabbit - ran out of time and free evenings.  Next time for sure!  Prices were high ($70 for our lunch with no alcohol), but it IS Vegas, you know!
We went here for lunch the last time we went to Vegas because we knew that Bobby Flay owns this restaurant.  I had a burger and my husband had a pork sandwich it was really good. Oh yeah, Bobby Flay just so happened to be there when we were eating lunch! Will visit again next time we go to Vegas and maybe try their dinner.
Went here for dinner Monday Night of presidents day weekend. We called and made reservations for 5:45 that night cuz everything else was booked. However, they told us that if we didnt call by 3pm to cancel they would charge your credit card 50 bucks per person. So if you forget to cancel there is a price... and a pretty big one too.. . Seated right away, staff friendly and quick.and they knew exactly how to explain everything to you... Margaritas there are awesome.. . Everything was delicious. The Tiger Shrimp which I have read is a favorite truly was amazing .. they only give you four shrimp so I suggest you get one for yourself and not split it lol .. . . My friend had the salmon which was a very small portion in my opinion but again delish. I had the prterhouse Lamb chops which was a first ever for me and they were to die for.. cooked to perfection. The stuff tamales were also my favorite part of the meal... . In reality we knew it would be pricey but then it wasnt so pricey .. Im from NYC and i know lamb chops can cost an easy 50 bucks at a nice celebrity place here ... and at Mesa your  paying for Flay's name. Would I try it again... hell yea...
Review is for Spring 2012 Restaurant Week dinner:. . I've been waiting awhile to try Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill and Restaurant Week seemed like the time to do it.  The appetizer and main course are on the regular menu.  Dessert is not listed on their website menu so this was a good sampler of the real thing at Mesa Grill.. . On being seated, I was given the regular menu, a wine and cocktail menu, and the Restaurant Week menu.  My server, Rodil, was great with ordering and everything thereafter.  I ordered an iced tea and it was brought quickly followed by bread basket with a nice selection--two slices of jalapeno bread with a nice kick, a corn muffin, and two slices of raisin bread.  Accompanying the bread was softened butter.  I also tried the corn muffin.  It was good but a little dry.  The best thing about the muffin was the number of corn bits baked into it.  Still the jalapeno bread was my favorite.. . For the first course, I ordered the blue corn pancake.  It was filled with duck and had a habanero chile-star anise sauce.  Rodil had alerted me that this wasn't spicy, but for a starter, I didn't care.. . The second course was Flay's signature dish, New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with a bourbon-ancho chile sauce and a sweet potato tamal which had a round of crushed pecan butter placed into the sweet potato/corn mixture to add liquid.  The pork was tender and cooked perfectly.  The spices rubbed on the pork gave it some great flavor and zing, and the ancho chile sauce was excellent--dark, rich, and very flavorful.  Rodil noticed that I was almost snorting the sauce and he asked if I wanted more, the pusher.  He brought a small round dish with extra ancho sauce.  I dipped my tenderloin in the sauce with abandon and joy!  The tamal was superb.  What an interesting twist on the common tamal.. . My choice for dessert was Chocolate Bread Pudding with toasted bourbon marshmallow squares and graham cracker crisps on top.  The chocolate was semi-sweet and this was a fine ending to the meal.  It wasn't as sweet as most desserts and it complimented the flavors from the pork.. . I had the best seat in the house in my mind.  I was near the back of the restaurant seated along a railing where I could watch the chefs do their work.  I had a good view of the grill where the steaks were cooked, and I could see into the salad/dessert preparation area.  Right near me was the staging area where two people oversaw the distribution of food.  When an order came in, they each got a copy and they both checked to see things were correct.  The person working on the outside nearest me wiped the dishes to remove any stray food so presentation was perfect.. . I enjoyed the meal.  I was not hurried but things moved along at a good pace.  All the staff was efficient and pleasant.  This was a great meal to kick off the Spring 2012 Restaurant Week and I will be back!
Great Red wine- Curvee/ Geyser Merlot. With Shrimp tamale, Nacho w/goat cheese, main (Lamb Chops) and vanilla toffee pudding.  Look the ambience! Great for team outting while at Conf. in Vegas.
Went here for lunch, although I've been for brunch and dinner in the past. I love Bobby Flay and all the flavorful spices he uses in his food. I ordered the mushroom quesadilla with a fried egg on top, was delicious! Couldn't finish it all though, had to do with the goat cheese queso fundido I started with....it's a must! My friends ordered sandwiches    Which were ok. When you go to Mesa Grill its to order items you can't get anywhere else. The menu is a little pricey but to me it's worth it if u order something unique. I wouldn't bring someone who is not really into strong flavors. This is a place I always stop at when in Vegas.
This place is Bobby Flay which btw is one of my favorite chef's.  For a white cat he definitely has a great sense in the mastering of southwest cooking.  Definitely stop by this place if you are in Vegas and want a moderately priced place that will produce great food.  . . I have eaten here for years and have to admit it never gets old. The appetizers, you have to try the queso fundido which is one of many you can enjoy.  Maybe the chorizo meatballs to complement the cheese with a nice wine pairing. . . Dinner here is always a new dish for me the last I tried was the Mango Spiced Tuna which was pretty amazing, I need to find this recipe and impress on the next home dinning experience.  Note to self, Bobby loves spice so if you notice most of the items on the menu will have a kick.  MY ALL TIME FAVORITE drum roll please..... definitely has to be the porterhouse chops, one of the best dishes in vegas.  . . Deserts are probably the only area that leave you a bit sad after the great dishes you have experienced before a night out.  Definitely leaves you wondering why Bobby why?
restaurant week at mesa grill.. . my husband and i dined here a few years ago. this past week, we opted for the restaurant week lunch menu. we started off with the sweet potato soup and tamale. both were very good. it was a tie for me, but my husband liked the tamale better. the soup was spicy and creamy, i really enjoyed it.. . between the green chili burger and the pork tenderloin sandwich, the winner was the tenderloin. it was a little messy but reminded me a little of a banmi sandwich. the fries accompanying the sandwiches were crispy. and we finished the meal with a key lime sorbet. it was way too tart for me, but a good pallet cleanser.. . each time my husband has ordered the black widow mojito. very refreshing, but very expensive. next time we're in vegas, we'll stop by and try dinner.
Came here twice and enjoyed both times! . . PROS:. 1. TIGER SHRIMP + ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE - I did wish there was a spicy kick to it though!. 2. BLUE CORN PANCAKE: Barbecued Duck + Habanero Chile - Star Anise Sauce. 3. GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" - the cheese is awesome but they need stronger chips!. 4. CORNMEAL CRUSTED CHILE RELLENO: hands down the best entree in our table!. . CONS:. 1. The booth seats get really hot. . 2. The reservation policy for big groups: You have to put your credit card down. If you don't cancel or make any last minute changes 1 hour prior to your meal, they'll charge you $50/person. Makes sense, but still. . 3. Mehhhhhhh to their specialty cocktails. Simply put, it's not their thing!. . Conclusion: Skip the entree. Just get 2 appetizers instead. They're the real stars!
As some people know, I'm not Bobby Flay's biggest fan. I find him to be an arrogant jerk, something I'm sure he's heard before so I don't particularly feel bad about saying it. We went to Mesa Grill. . . I know he's supposed to be known for his burgers and what not, so I ordered the Mesa burger, which came with seasoned fries. They bring a basket of bread to your table as you sit down, there's raisin bread, jalepeno bread and corn bread. I've been having a corn bread craving for a while and his was jam packed with jalepenos and corn, which is nice, but it lacked that buttery good moistness I'm used to in cornbread. The regular Jalepeno bread was yummy. I even tried the raisin bread even though I don't particularly care for raisins, it was good, nothing outstanding. . . Finally my burger came. And I was excited. The fries looked well seasoned, only to find out that they're really well seasoned in the middle of the bowl but as you moved outwards it became blander. And there was no salt and pepper on the table, I understand the reasoning that if it's cooked well you don't need salt and pepper. But I kind of needed salt and pepper.  The fries were crisp and had a great crunch. The burger itself was very juicy. Cheese, onions, spicy mustard on the side, ketchup also on the side, trying to get the condiments in was a hassle so I ended up dipping smaller pieces. Overall, good burger, hearty, filling, comforting. Can I get a better one for less than 16$, Absolutely. . . HOWEVER, I will absolutely give Bobby this, that his staff is fantastically trained. Our waiter went out of his way to take pictures of our table for us, going up to the rotisserie, taking pictures from the level above us, etc. It was very nice of him, he even offered us a free cappuccino after finding out we're college students (thus probably weren't going to order it anyway because of funds). He took really good care of us throughout our meal. So good job there, Bobby but might want to have a look see at your food
In the early days of Food Network, I held an inexplicable grudge against Bobby Flay.  His only show at the time was the original Grillin and Chillin where he was partnered up with a bona fide hick in overalls.  Then Bobby caused all sorts of hullaballoo by standing on his cutting board.  Over time, I slowly began to accept that he really was not so bad as a personality and possibly even good as a chef.  So personality differences aside, I made a brunch reservation for Mesa Grill on my most recent visit to Las Vegas.  . . The bread basket made an immediate impact.  It contained two types: a jalapeno cheddar bread and a corn muffin.  The jalapeno cheddar bread was not at all a wallflower.  It packed a really spicy kick from the peppers and a salty crust from the cheese.  The corn bread was soft and airy and could barely be buttered.   . . We ordered two appetizers, one of which was the rough cut tuna nachos.  I was ready to dismiss this altogether because everyone knows rough cut tuna nachos means Mexicanafied tuna tartar.  Well, yes, but it was such a different and delicious dish that I would not make such lame generalizations again.  The blue corn chips were freshly fried and incredibly crisp.  The tuna was not a dice/mash of tuna odds and ends but beautiful jeweled cubes of red tuna.  It seemed to be the perfect compliment to the cool avocado crema and the spicy mango habanero hot sauce.  When we ordered this our server went out of his way to warn us that the tuna was going to be served raw.  This is Vegas after all and how horrifying might it be for someone to expect canned tuna on tortilla chips and get this beautiful thing instead? . . The next appetizer was equally delicious and one that most people rave about.  A moist tamal has been covered with sauteed tiger shrimp and a garlic cream sauce.   It was a nice change of pace to dip the tender shrimp and masa into the velvety sauce.  . . For his entree, John ordered the New Mexico spiced pork tenderloin sandwich grilled red onion, arugula, ancho chili mayo and spicy fries.  This was a perfectly good sandwich but not as memorable as the other things we tried.  The pork was room temperature and I would have much preferred it hot and freshly sliced.  . . The only dish I might not get again was my own.  I grew up eating homemade chile rellenos and this version was little too clean and precise.  The chile was very neatly and uniformly coated in a cornmeal crust and stuffed with manchego and roasted eggplant.  The cornmeal was crisp but too thick and I much prefer queso fresco to the much more pungent taste of the goat's milk manchego. I did however, like the sweet and sour combination of the red pepper and balsamic vinegar sauces. . . I must give Senor Flay some credit.  It was a really good meal and he really has a way with flavors and sauces.  He didn't shy away from authentic ingredients and a good amount of heat.  We easily classified it as one of our better meals of the trip.
1st Visit . Pros:. 1: Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon - is nothing short of Incredible. . 2: New Mexican Spiced Rub Pork Tenderloin - The reviews are true, I'm not a pork fan but I would gladly order this again. They gave me a knife to cut it...I didn't need it. Perfectly cooked. . 3: Tiger Shrimp Tamale - Again, believe the reviews. It's as good as everyone says and the positive reviews are earned. . 4: Brussel Sprouts w/ Roasted Pecans: Never had anything like it, loved it. . 5: Toffee Pudding - OMG! Definitely one order to share, it looks small but it packs a delicious punch. . 6: Coconut Cake - Just writing this and thinking of it made me crave it again. . 7: Service - Once seated it reset my definition of how it's done.. 8: Wine: We let the staff pick...they listened and their choices just sent our experience from good to over the top great. . 9: Gala Apple Salad - Don't let the goat cheese scare you away from this wonderful appetizer. . . Cons: . Decor: I expected so much better. The colored dots on the glass were stickers. The multicolored glass containers above the bar...looked like cheap plastic up close. . Attention to Detail: Chipped Plates. Seriously. In a restaurant like Mesa this was unacceptable. . Service: The staff at the Front Counter seemed a bit clueless and lost. Complete opposite experience of the over the top service we had once we were seated. . Space: Looks like Harrah's / Caesar's Palace is trying to extract maximum revenue per square foot with tables that are very tightly spaced. If anyone in your party is claustrophobic or more than average sized, this will not be a positive experience for them. . Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale - Kind of a letdown, but fortunately the other menu items more than offset this slightly bland disappointment. . . Pricing: Bring Ben and make sure he's got a twin when you pay and tip appropriately. And we won't even discuss the tab if you really explore the bar. . Would we go back? In a heartbeat. If I didn't have so many cons I'd give that 5th star, but 4 will have to suffice. . . One other thing: Caesars's Valet Parking was "Full" but explaining we were late for our reservations and a generous tip took care of the parking. Needless to say we tipped them again on the way out because they the valet staff took great care of us.
My wife and I are not huge Bobby Flay fans from watching him on the Food Channel however we do see some interesting dishes that he creates.  After spending almost a full week in Vegas, we decided to give this place a shot.  We recommend that you make reservations early in the morning or a day in advance.. . Dinner was great.  We started off with the Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" and the flavor of this popped well and washed down with one of Bobby's signature  agave nectar margaritas.  My wife ordered the Green Chile Cioppino and I ordered the 22 oz chipotle glazed bone in rib eye for our entree.. . We came away with a new found respect for Bobby and his restaurant.  We would definitely go back again.  The only thing that would have made this place a little better is if the dining tables were not so close together.
LVRW2012: My preconceptions of Mesa being 'over-rated' have been squashed. My love for Anthony Bourdain turned me into an Flay-hater for no reason. Everyone has seen that episode of No Reservations--yes? Well, sorry for all the mean words Bobby. I'm the newest fan of Mesa Grill!. . FIRST: The Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale is a signature Bobby Flay dish. I think my server saw me drool a little. I tried to be casual as I scraped every last bit of sweet masa from the corn husk and scooped up every last bit of that buttery sauce. This is the tamale of my dreams.. . SECOND: This is the way a Green Chile burger is supposed to taste: juicy and flavorful. The burger was cooked exactly to my specifications and had the most wonderful flavor. It was huge and a little difficult to eat. But I made it work. Little to no heat, but more sweet and savory which was definitely up my alley.. . DESSERT: If you've ever eaten a spoon full of shaving cream, you'll know how the key lime sorbet tasted. Not that I regularly eat shaving cream, but every time I took the spoon to my mouth that's all I could think about. The fruit compote spiked with chili was not my cup of tea. I'll be direct and say it was awful. I would've traded this for another tamale.. . I downed a few of those White Peach Bellinis, but I stopped at 3 to avoid looking like a drunk at 11:30am on a Sunday. Adds up at $12 a glass, but quite refreshing. My server was polite, formal, and attentive. CELEBRITY DOPPELGANGER: he looked just like Robert Irvine from Dinner: Impossible!. . The savory dishes were a positive slap in the face. Bobby Flay has some swag in the kitchen and Mesa serves up some good food. Just know that dessert can be purchased at CVS for about $2 a can.... *kidding* *not really*
Food was excellent, especially the roasted pork with sweet potato tamale.  Top notch.  Wine list was fair.  Service was good.
Everything was very, very good.  As it should have been given the price and Bobby Flay's reputation.  I was hoping to be blown away and that didn't happen....but there is nothing wrong with very, very good.  I had a margarita of some sort, the blue corn tortilla with duck, and the pork tenderloin. Two of my medallions were cooked perfectly, the one of the medallions was a bit over cooked...but luckily that was my last medallion and I was already stuffed.  Overall, great staff, great atmosphere, and very, very good food.  I'd go back.
I can't say I'm a big fan of this type of southwestern cuisine Bobby Flay is known for. However, I have to say our dinner was pretty awesome.. . We ordered the famous Tiger Shrimp + Corn Tamale, Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Fire Roasted Veal Chop, and Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. . . All of them live up to its name. :)
Even on a Tuesday night this place is packed - you have been warned.  My coworkers and I arrived w/o reservation at 8 and were able to get a reservation for 9:30.  So we parked ourselves at a table in the food court for awhile with some drinks and waited, then went back for our very late dinner.. . It is very loud in there.  I had trouble hearing our server sometimes.  He did a nice job making his recommendations from the menu and warning that the signature dish (pork tenderloin) is 7 out of 10 spicy (which actually dissuaded me from ordering it), and did not balk when I decided to order three appetizers instead of an entree nor did he act particularly annoyed when all three of us drank water (we'd already had our one drink for the evening while waiting for our reservation).  But, he may have been tired from the long night because there wasn't the same level of enthusiasm I have gotten the past few nights from my servers at Wolfgang Puck in MGM, Fiamma and Otto Enoteca.  Still, we did not get poor service so I am not complaining - just saying it wasn't at the same level.. . I ordered the goat cheese queso fundido (which was brought as a starter), the tiger shrimp w/ corn tamale, and the chicken tacos appetizers (which were brought together as the entree).  It was just the right amount of food for me - I was too full for dessert.. . My favorite was the goat cheese queso fundido - this was fabulous.  It comes with a mixture of peppers on top for which the tastes blend beautifully.  I could have made a meal of this.  There were a lot more chips than I needed for the cheese but it was a decent sized portion regardless.  This would be a good appetizer to share if you're looking for something shareable.. . My second favorite was the tamale.  One thing I love about New Mexico style cuisine is their use of sweet corn.  The sweet corn tamale was delicious, the cilantro creme complemented it very well, and the tiger shrimps were cooked just right, succulent and juicy.  . . I have mixed feelings about the chicken tacos.  They come with a chile peanut sauce -- which I feel I would have preferred without the chile part of it.  It had a smokey flavor which didn't work for me.  The chicken itself was fine though and I thought adding the mint leaves was a nice touch.. . Both my coworkers ordered the pork tenderloin and enjoyed it - be warned though, that the recommended 'medium' appears more like 'medium rare' when it comes to the table.  If you're squicked by red pork... you might have issues.. . One coworker ordered the apple salad which he said was far spicier than the pork tenderloin.  He didn't really say whether it was good or bad but I noticed he finished it so it couldn't have been that bad.. . All in all, I enjoyed the food and would love to come sample some more of it.  I will definitely have to order that goat cheese queso fundido though anytime I come - I don't think I could visit here without it.
My wife and I went to Mesa Grill when we visited Vegas to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  We ended up at Mesa after a friend recommended it to us.  First, the margarita was very, very, very good.  I could have had 2 or 3 more than the 2 I had.  They were that good.  Well done.  Second, the shrimp tamale app was also really great.  Lastly, we ordered the rib eye expecting it to taste every bit of the $50 we were paying for it.  It was a disappointment.  The first 6 chunks I cut off were uneatable fat.  Now, I have NEVER sent food back in my entire life.  I just couldn't justify what were were spending with what I was getting.  I mentioned it to our server and he couldn't have been more gracious and went above and beyond to make up for it.  I honestly felt like it was handled very very well.  Great job Mesa. Thanks for the well trained staff and delectable foods.
We walked in 15 minutes before the doors opened for lunch on a Tuesday and were the only ones there.  By the time we left 90 minutes later, the place was packed and the line wound outside and around the corner.  And with good reason.  . . She started with the sweet potato soup.  It was perfection in a bowl. Sweet, creamy without being heavy.  My goat cheese queso fundido with blue corn tortilla strips was cheesy, slightly spicy, with more than enough chips. Really tasty.. . She had a Mesa burger, which might be the best burger she ever had.  Cooked exactly as ordered (rare),it was thick, juicy and loaded with flavor.  Even the bun stood out.. . My cornmeal crusted chile relleno had a delicious crust loaded with great corn flavor.  The pepper itself could havespicier to my taste, but the cheese and sauce inside blended perfectly-a well presented lunchtime treat.. . We both preferred the burger, but not because the chile was bad in any way.  The burger was just that good.. . We'd return.
I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan so couldn't wait to try Mesa Grill when we visited Vegas recently. The reservation system is a bit of a pain, you call a central line for everything at Caesars and then have to say the name of the property that you are trying to make a reservation for. I had to call a couple of times because we had to make a change to our reservation, and every time it sent me to the wrong place on the first 1 or 2 tries. I was finally able to successfully connect to the correct reservations folks though and once I got through everything went smoothly. . . We had a party of 6 and everyone loved their meal. Our friends were ordering wine by the glass and the server recommended a very nice bottle instead which was surprisingly affordable. Everyone loved their meal. . . My DH and I started with the shrimp tamales since there were so many recommendations for them here and they are 1 of the 2-3 items that the waiter said have been on the menu since day 1. I thought they were very good, but wasn't blown away by them. Then we shared the coffee rubbed rib eye and the green chili cauliflower. both were outstanding. The steak was nicely charred on the outside and perfectly medium rare. The rub had a combination of savory and sweet in it and there were 2 sauces. A spicy green sauce and some kind of red sauce. They were both very good but the green on was my favorite. The cauliflower was to die for! I also had tastes of the salmon which was perfectly cooked and had a really lovely sauce and the pork tenderloin which has a very tasty rub. The fish portions seemed to be about average size, but the pork and steak portions were huge. our steak was 22 ounces, which was plenty for the 2 of us. . . Mesa Grill is definitely worth a second visit.
The Steak and eggs were done to perfection.  The crab cake was the best I have ever had, a taste that will not be forgotten. Bobby you hit a homerun with this one.
Came with a group of 7 for dinner. Most of us ordered the chipotle glazed rib-eye with a side of mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts. We all loved it, despite it being a bit pricey. Beautiful atmosphere inside Ceasars and would definitely go back.
Went to the Mesa Grill for dinner our first night in Vegas after seeing Rod Stewart at the Colosseum at Ceasars.   . . My wife and I differ on our review.  I'd give it a 3, she gives it a 5... so we agreed to split it down the middle.. . Its not that the food or service or anything was bad, its just spicy... really spicy.  Everything is spicy!  My mouth was burning after each bite.  . . Just to start, I decided since it was a south west style restaurant, I would get a tequila.  The poor was tiny.  I mean, it was a shot in a large glass... kinda disappointing.. . For the food, the wife got the Sweet Potato soup...  She loved it, but thought it was spicy (needed a few extra glasses of water).  I shared the apps with the rest of the family.  Tiger shrimp was very good.  Blue corn pancake was excellent!  Meatballs were just ok.  . . For dinners, the wife got the Relleno.  She loved it (as did her brother who said it was the best plate on the table).  I had the Pork Tenderloins.  Interesting presentation, good flavor, but it completely overpowered the pork.  It could have been anything with the spices on it, and tasted the same.  . . For dessert, we got the churros.  Not so great.  Sauces were good, but the churros were nothing you couldn't get from a vendor at Disney.  . . Atmosphere is great.  Service was right on spot, but as I said, food was a little disappointing for me.
This place is very good.  The corn side dish is a must.  I had the chicke which was good as well.
Like both this one and the one in NYC. The food never disappoints. Just wish their steaks came with something besides meat. I purchased the mashed potatoes and they were great. My favorite though is lunch, and the Mesa burger and fries. I was also very excited for the shrimp tamale. It was good. The service was solid. Overall, I recommend this place.
I've been watching Bobby Flay for years (ever since his horrific overall clad days on Grillin' and Chillin' on the old school Food Network) so it was about time for me to try his food.  Bobby toes a fine line for me between being a cocky jerk and being 100% awesome, but I was excited to try his food nonetheless.  . . We went for a boozy brunch on Saturday morning and I thought it was a quality (if not slightly expensive) pick.  I had just finished scarfing down an almond croissant in the hotel room so I opted to go slightly lighter on the brunch ordering with the famed shrimp and roasted garlic tamale.  While it was good, I was a little disappointed that it wasn't packing more flavor.  I know that the description didn't scream spicy, but it's a Bobby Flay restaurant - I guess I was expecting a kick somewhere.  The tamale was among the best I've had, though I wished the shrimp would have been grilled instead of poached or whatever they were - I think that would have really bolstered the flavor profile a bit and may have made me not miss the spice.    . . Two of my galpals split the eggs and striploin tortilla - that was out of this world.  Luckily for me, my friends like to share.  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and I loved the combo with the grilled peppers and onions.  Don't miss this one.  . . Everyone else had the cactus pear margarita and I ordered the spicy bloody mary.  While it was spicy enough for my liking, it wasn't my favorite bloody mary.  It was mostly spice and not enough tomato flavor.  The margaritas were awesome though - I had orderer's remorse with that one.  . . Truth be told, this review is probably closer to 3.5 stars than 4 stars but I'm giving Bobby the benefit of the doubt here.
Their steak was REALLY good!. I had a rabbit, it was ok, but not so good as a steak though :-) . A bit pricey.. Good for a date night.
Very high-energy restaurant, colorful and pleasant. Not the kind of place I would want to go and 'hang' out or do a long-dine.  . Being a vegetarian, I tried the eggplant chili relleno WHICH WAS AMAZING!!!!!!! Probably one of my favorite dishes of all times!  I would love to go back, check it out, but DEFINITELY make a reservation! :)
I had the Lamb Chops and oh boy!!! It was wonderful. My lady had the fish and once again it was delicious. Bobby Flay is a guru when it comes to sauces.
I came here for dinner and the food was delicious! Everything was very flavorful. I had mushroom grits and the spice rubbed pork tenderloin. The grits were SO good with a variety of sauces that all came together. The pork was perfectly cooked, well spiced, and came with a sweet potato tamale with pecan butter. It was a tad sweet, but very interesting. They also provided an assortment of free bread which included corn muffins!
My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas and I knew my husband would love the food at Mesa Grill.  We decided to go for lunch since it is a bit pricey.  We arrived around 11:45 on a Monday.   I was surprised by how crowded it was already.  We ordered two burgers - the Mesa Burger for myself, my husband ordered Green Chile Cheese Burger ($16 each).  . . Then we waited... and waited... and waited.  The waiter apologized forthe delay... and we waited some more.  Finally we asked to speak to the manager.  By the time the manager came by we had received our food, 55 minutes later - for two burgers.  My husband explained the situation.  The manager was very nice, apologized, and told us there would be no charge for the burgers. . . The food was great.  The fries were absolutely perfect - maybe the best I've ever had.  My only complaint is that the burger was so big I could hardly fit it in my mouth.  We enjoyed the food so much that we took a chance on ordering dessert and hoped it wouldn't take as long as our entrees did.  We ordered the Chocolate Pretzel Tart with . Spicy Peanut Butter-Chocolate Swirl Ice Cream.  It was amazing.  I'm not usually that into spicy food, but somehow the spicy ice cream was the perfect compliment to the tart.  One of the most interesting desserts I've ever had.  . . When we asked our waiter for the check he told us the meal was on the house - entrees, dessert, drinks, everything - and he hoped we would come back.  We gave him a very nice tip (I don't think the food delay was his fault at all).  To top it off, the manager approached us again on the way out and apologized for the service and he, too, invited us to come back again.. . At the time the wait for the food was really, really frustrating, but we were very satisfied with the manner in which the manager and server handled the situation, and the food is delicious.  We'll definitely return again.
Knowing that this is a Bobby Flay establishment, I had high expectations.. . And they were met.  The service was elite, the food was fresh, unique and extremely tasty.. . The shrimp tamale appetizer was phenomenal as was the mushroom quesadilla.. . The reason I did not rate it with 5 stars was that my salmon was a undercooked and the coconut cake tasted like it came out ofa box.. . Otherwise, it was a wonderful experience.
Great place to have your lunch in.... super nice staff huge line to get in just because it is super good.
One of my "go to" spots when I take my semi annual Vegas trip. Never been here for lunch but my dinners have always been superb. I almost always order the Coffee rubbed fillet and typically some sort of starter (I saw a few people on yelp  complained about the tiger shrimp tamales but I have always found them to be quite good). Also the bread basket is YUMMY! Sour dough, tomato  and Corn bread oh my! Todo we are deeeefinately not in Kansas anymore!  . . Just one word to the wise... This is not your typical "Tex Mex" restaurant. Sure i SUPPOSE it does have Mexican flavors and some Texan influence. But, you will not be getting refried beans, chili con queso and 5 dollars nachos.  After all people.. This is a Bobby Flay dining experience and he would NEVER allow such typical dishes that lack innovation. . . In short, yessss i am a fan. My favorite restaurant in the world? No... But still one i go back to over and over again. If you are a foodie, this is 100 percent worth at least a meal or two.
Wow!  Good stuff, excellent service, perfect authentic mojitos!
Lunch here was unexpectedly good!. . I had never ate at a Bobby Flay establishment before and was not really in a hurry to try.  Truth be told I've never really been a fan of his but, after reading several reviews of some trusty yelp friends I decided to give this place a try.  The resto is located in Caesar's palace.  The decor is warm but clean and open.  We came here during lunch with no reservation.  Waited about 15min and was seated near the kitchen.  Im realizing more and more that there are tables for 2 which I get but seriously can the tables be a little bigger!!!  I'm just saying!!. . So after looking over the menu I remembered that everyone was raving about the tamales so we ordered that, and another appetizer to share and our main.. . Tiger shrimp roasted corn tamale ~ First let me say the masa was very light unlike other tamales I've had.  The shrimp was plump and cooked perfectly.  The cilantro sauce was creamy but also very light and really brought the entire dish together.. . Blue corn pancake ~ Barbecued Duck with Habanero Chile and Star Anise Sauce.  Holy moly I would have to say this was the star of the dining experience.  I never would have thought to sauce up duck with BBQ.  This was a fantastic dish.  . . Smoked Shrimp Tacos ~ Skewered shrimp with Cabbage Slaw and Grilled Tortillas.  It came with 3 salsas to use.  The shrimp had a decent smoke flavor to it.  There was not heat to it although it looked like there could be.  To me it was just your typical shrimp taco.  Nothing too exciting.  The mango salsa with a bit of kick was really tasty.. . Grouper ~ I only had a bit of it.  The portion was really bit and had great flavor.  It didn't appear to be dry which I don't care for when eating fish.. . We passed on dessert since lunch already started off late plus we had other plans.  All in all I would have to say it was a pleasant experience.  I would not mind coming back here to eat.  . . Eyes ~ Warm and inviting decor.. Nose ~ Even though we say near the kitchen there was not a smell that was present!. Ear ~ Not very loud.  Just your usual!. Mouth ~ Duck in BBQ sauce!. Tummy ~ Very well satisfied!
My expectations may have been somewhat inflated as I sat down to dinner at Mesa Grill. The food was really good, though I wouldn't say it gave me an apres dinner foodgasm. . . We started with the tiger shrimp app with a roasted garlic corn tamale. It was flavorful and well spiced. I dare say it was the most interesting part of my meal. As a main we shared the lamb, which was quite good, with goat cheese tamales that disappointed all around. I mean, points for the intention (tamales AND goat cheese! I expected to be in heaven! What happened?). The mashed potatoes and queso were sinful. The toffee bread pudding was delicious, but I couldn't help but compare it to another restaurant's to-die-for toffee pudding, and it didn't quite reach that level.. . Since I'm a fan of keeping it real, my first impression of Mesa Grill is that it would really shine if it were one price point lower and stayed in the mid $20s to low $30s range. Of course, you're paying for the casino experience and the fact that it's Bobby Flay's baby. Maybe I'll get another go at Mesa in the future and try some other dishes. I will say there were a lot of good-looking choices on the menu.
***Like a lot of upscale Mexican restaurants (as well as Vegas restaurants), Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill feels too expensive; the food is good though and the service is strong and friendly***. . Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is one of the few upscale Vegas restaurants open for lunch.  Their lunch features a lot of lunch style plates--sandwiches and salads, but they actually also have several starters from their dinner menu and a few entrees.. . Flay's food is southwestern style so there are a lot of Mexican influences.  Most of the dishes veer on the sweet and spicy side (though the food at Mesa Grill, at least what I've had, never gets that spicy).. . Mesa Grill is like a lot of upscale Mexican restaurants.  It is quite pricey even though what's on the menu is the kind of food you can get at less expensive restaurants.  At least Mesa Grill uses more expensive ingredients like duck, ahi tuna and scallops.. . The breadbasket at Mesa Grill was an assortment of cold bread.  There was a blue corn muffin, which while not dry, was too crumbly and a little bland.  The fruit and nut bread was decent, but the bread was a little soft and the fruit did not pop like the fruit in Picasso's fruit and nut bread.  Picasso's bread was heartier too.. . The jalapeno bread was too soft as well.  There were a few jalapeno bits in it, but I think more of them would have made the bread more memorable.. . I started with the rough cut tuna nachos, which was chopped raw tuna mixed with a vinaigrette and capers.  The tuna came with a mango puree, avocado crema and habanero sauce.. . The tuna was fresh, nicely moist and soft.  I really liked the sauces.  Both the mango puree and avocado crema were very clean, smooth and creamy.  The mango puree was sweet but not overpowering while the avocado crema was cool and refreshing.  The habanero was noticeable and gave little pops of spiciness (though I think I personally would have preferred more heat).. . The dish was served with two kinds of chips.  The best was the blue corn--light, thin and crispy.  I was not a fan of the other chip--it was thick, sandy on the outside and too mealy.  I've had that style of chip before, but I don't know what it's called.. . For my entree, I went with one of their starters--tiger shrimp with a roasted corn tamale and a sweet corn cream sauce.  I liked the shrimp--plump and moist.  I prefer shrimp with more color and seasoning, but this was still good.. . The corn tamale was just okay.  It had a good corn flavor and moistness, but it was uneven.  Parts of the tamale were not smooth; the masa clumped together and was even a little dry.  The corn cream sauce was not too heavy and was creamy and sweet.  Even more so than the nachos, I think this dish could have used more heat.. . For dessert, I went with their sticky toffee pudding, which was a big portion; it had a good flavor though it was a tad dry.  The sticky toffee pudding came with a salted cajeta, which had a great consistency--very fine, which made it feel more like a red wine reduction rather than a thick and sticky caramel.. . Some salted caramel desserts can have a mix of sweet and salty (whether just right or too salty) while others can be just a less-sweet caramel.  It was the latter with this salted cajeta.  The biggest salty component came from the salt sprinkled on top of the cake.. . There was also some vanilla ice cream and it was creamy (and not icy at all), but there was too little of it.  The cake combined with the salted cajeta was quite sweet and there needed to be a different flavor to balance it out.. . Service was very good.  The food was upscale but still casual and approachable and this was very much in harmony with the service.  The service was definitely polite, professional and polished, but it was also quite friendly.  The food also came out at a quick pace.. . Prices are high; Mesa Grill is probably overpriced, but that is often the case at Vegas restaurants.  Still, almost the entire lunch menu was below $20.. . In terms of decor/atmosphere, the contemporary room (which sits right next to the casino) had warm (but not garish) Southwestern accents.  The room was nice enough, but it was not that memorable.. . Mesa Grill is a solid and satisfying Vegas restaurant.  If you don't like upscale Mexican spots because the food does not seem worth the extra cost, I'm not sure if Mesa Grill is going to change your mind (though I do think Mesa Grill is significantly better than some upscale Mexican spots out there like Border Grill and the high quality ingredients like ahi tuna and veal chop from a previous trip are represented well).. . There are definitely some well known Vegas restaurants putting out subpar food, but I have not felt that way on my two trips to Mesa Grill.  For me, Mesa Grill is a good option for an upscale Vegas lunch.. . Mesa Grill is located in Caesars Palace, which offers free parking (self and valet).
Cuisine is outstanding - unique Southwestern creations with excellent flavor.. . APPS. Highly recommend the tiger shrimp & roasted garlic corn tamale - shrimp was juicy and the corn was a surprisingly perfect complement. Pass on the blue corn bbq duck pancake, taste was fairly salty/heavy and one-dimensional. . . MAINS. Chile crusted rabbit was excellent - serving portion is manageable, plated with toasted couscous (excellent pairing) and fava beans. Rabbit was perfectly roasted and flavorful, slightly gamey. There are only 3 steaks on feature - black Angus NY strip, coffee-rubbed filet mignon and bone-in chipotle-glazed ribeye. Coworker enjoyed the coffee-rubbed filet.. . SIDES. Cauliflower gratin with roasted poblano was delicious and creamy. Double-baked potato with horseradish, scallion had a subtle horseradish note, which was a good complement to the meal. . . Service was attentive and helpful with recommendations. Ambiance is fairly average.
I like the layout of the place, nice wood colors...The food tasted good, with alittle kick which bobby flay is know for...
Fun restaurant, great service. My family loves Bobby Flay so we couldn't wait to come here while in Vegas. Our waiter was really outstanding and knowledgeable. That is one of the perks of eating at a restaurant owned by one of the more well-known chefs in the country... they always have knowledgeable, informed, and helpful staff. . . To start, they give you homemade corn muffins made with yellow and blue cornmeal. These were very tasty! I can't remember the rest of the bread basket contents, but the corn muffins really stood out. . . For an appetizer, I ordered the gala apple salad. If I came for lunch I would probably order this as my meal... delicious. Great combination of flavors, and I especially loved the combination of toasted pecans with spicy orange vinaigrette!. . Sadly for me, the restaurant only has 1 vegetarian entree option. But that is probably more than most places. It was the cornmeal crusted chile relleno. Normally more cheese than I would order for a meal, but it was a good choice. The chili is stuffed with manchego cheese and red peppers which was a real delight. Very flavorful, definitely not your average dish from a Mexican restaurant! It was very rich, and I was already pretty full from my salad so I took most of it back to the hotel. Yummy, and not a bad option for vegetarians, but sometimes I wish restaurants had less cheesy options as well. . . For dessert, our table of 4 split the banana cream pie and sticky toffee pudding. Although I had no complaints about the banana cream pie, the sticky toffee pudding was really my favorite. It was to die for!! . . With dessert, our waiter recommended something called "tequila crema" that is apparently one of Bobby Flay's specials. YUM! Ask for this if you get a chance. It is a sweet, creamy, spicy dessert drink that we all loved. Overall, a great experience here!
Steak was great, pork tenderloin very tasty and the chili relleno one of the best ever.  My only negative is that the prices are high for what you get but for a once in a lifetime dinner it was good. Sauces very tasty!
Shared a few appetizers here with some friends and ordered some margaritas - everything was very tasty and the service was great. I'd like to try more items from the menu the next time I am in Vegas.
I had try Bobby Flay's restaurant and it lived up to my expectations.  It was packed so being that I was traveling for work, alone and had no reservations; so I ate at the bar.  I ordered the pork tenderloin, which is their signature dish.  It was delicious and the perfect amount of food.  It with a small sweet potato tamale.  It was cooked perfect with the perfect amount of spice.  I got a couple different glasses of wine - 1 Mesa Grill Cuvee Cabernet and a Spanish wine.  The bartender was awesome and so helpful.She let me taste quite a few of the wines.  OH and I also started the dinner with a White Peach Margarita......YUMMY.  The bring out a small bread basket at the beginning of the meal as well which includes a delicious sweet corn bread muffin and jalapeno asiago bread.  . The reason I didn't give it 5 stars was I was surprised at the lack of wine by the glass choices and also a little surprised there were no salad entrees (menu is fairly small). They have a lot of different tequillas though and honestly I was glad there were no more menu options as it was hard enough to decide.. I highly recommend!  Delicious food with great friendly staff.
We went to dinner here.  We started with the Tiger Shrimp appetizer.  Just ok, not enough flavor.  We then got the Pork Tenderloin and the Sixteen Spice Chicken.  Both excellent.  This is what we expecting from a Bobby Flay restaurant.  Very good.  . Space wise the tables are bit close together.  Usually wouldn't make a difference but the table next to us were a group of four loud drunk couples, a bit of cougar action going on there which made it even weirder.  Really didn't need to see them make out like young teenagers.. But overall we'd go back.
I really enjoyed my time here. . . The service was really great! I wasn't in the mood for tequila, but liked how they'd dressed all of the margaritas up. So they very kindly made me one of those offerings with vodka instead. When I noticed my knife wasn't clean and looked over for my waiter, I realized he was standing just a couple of yards away, awaiting my call. He swiftly came to my aid, and went to find me another knife. On his way back, I saw him thoroughly inspecting the new one. When he saw that it wasn't perfect, he ran back to grab a third. So funny and awesome at the same time. . . I ordered the pork tenderloin, and ate every last bite. The sweet potato tamale was a special treat. Of the sides, I think the corn was my favorite. The recipe isn't something I've tasted before, and it was tasty! Of course, everything was pretty pricey, but if I had the budget, I could definitely see myself returning.
Had  dinner before Celine Dion show.  Waiter was great and was very knowledgable about the menu.  He even did a good job trying to expain the menu in Spanish to a couple sitting next to me.  . Ordered the blue corn pancake with duck appetizer and the pork tenderloin as the main.  Both dishes were amazing.  My only "complaint" was that the sauces for both dishes were the same, but was very tasty.  . A very relaxed and elegant experience.  Worth the $$ to dine there for a special occasion.
Had a wonderful meal at Mesa Grill when we were in Vegas...Our server was Arnel, extremely knowledgeable about the menu, offered great suggestions for our meal, and right on top of everything service-wise!  The food was very good, but what made the meal for me was the service!  So often you go to pricey restaraunts and the service is only so-so...Not here!  Great job Arnel!
I ate here for lunch this past Saturday alone at the bar.  I had been here in the past and wanted to come again as I had thoroughly enjoyed it every time.. . Whenever I was seated I was disappointed to get the brunch menu instead of the normal lunch menu.  That meant no chile relleno that I had picked out earlier.  Instead I decided upon the 16 spice chicken salad with a side of chorizo. The salad was plated beautifully and the first bite of chicken provided my palate with the many spices.  Sadly I soon lost those spices in the rest of the salad.  It had a green onion  vinaigrette dressing on top with goat cheese and fancy lettuce.  Overall, I really enjoyed the salad.  The chorizo was also good but a bit overcooked.  It started out with a slightly sweet taste before finishing off spicy.. . The bottom line for me is that I will head back here again in the future the next time that I am in Vegas.  All of my previous meals here I would have given 5 stars but this time it was only worthy of 4.
We were gonna have sushi, but someone recommended this place before the Celine concert and we LOVED it.. . We started with the Blue Corn Pancake appetizer and though a bit small, ithad enough flavor to dislocate your jaw.  The flavor was rich and the duck portion relative to the pancake was generous, so it didn't feel starchy.. . I had the Mango and Spice Crusted Tuna Steak and it was cooked perfectly (the less cooked the better) with a light crust and a delicious mango cous cous bed.  The portion was a hefty portion considering it was a slab of sashimi grade ahi.. . My girlfriend had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.  The dish was served as three pillars of tenderloin, each cooked and seasoned perfectly with a slightly spicy south american spiced rub that you would expect from a dish of that name.. . The only down side was when we found out that the waiter had charged the entire bill and didn't take into account the $50 dining credit we had.  We only became aware of it because we got an email about the charge from the credit card company after it went through.  When we asked the waiter to clarify, he said he only charged the remainder of the bill even though the email from the credit card company clearly showed the entire bill amount.  I thought it was pretty lame on the part of the waiter to lie, but the credit card company said it was documented so we didn't have to worry above and beyond the receipt that showed the accurate amount.. . Happy Eating!
Great atmosphere and food
As I write this, I can hardly move.  I blame Bobby Flay.  Last night we dined at Mesa Grill and the food was amazing.  . . I'd planned for this meal all day - akin to preparing for the civilized version of Nathan's hotdog eating contest.  A small breakfast of oatmeal, half a sandwich for lunch, plenty of water.  (Yeah, this is probably how I should eat every day...but we'll avoid that topic for now).  . . I've had lunch at Mesa Grill before, and that meal had me excited for the dinner.  Back then I had the Southwestern Spice Chicken Skewers.  Think of it as a build your own taco.  The chicken is traditionally grilled on wood skewers (hence the name).  You build it yourself with "special lettuce" (a blend of mint, butter lettuce, and cilantro.  Genius.) and a New Mexico Chile Sauce that tastes more like a mole sauce that a chile sauce.  I love good food, especially good Mexican (excuse me, Southwestern Cuisine), and I was clearly really looking forward to another opportunity to dine at Mesa Grill.  . . No surprise to anyone who knows me, I arrived on time for dinner.  My guests did not.  But the staff was pleasant and courteous none the less, even though they had to refer several people to the "first come, first served" bar area as they were booked for the evening.. . When my guests finally arrived (OK, they were only 15 minutes late.  'Traffic"), we started with mojitos (five stars), and the self explanatory Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (a little dry, but tasty none the less).. . For dinner we had:. . Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno with eggplant, manchego cheese, and sweet red pepper sauce.  I love the presentation on this dish.. . New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with bourbon - ancho chile sauce, sweet potato tamale, and crushed pecan butter.  It was really spicy.  I mean REALLY spicy.  I had this medium - pink in the center, delicious.  And the tamale (yeah, another one.  let's not count the calories) had chunks of pecan in the pecan butter.  Happiness.. . Finally the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops with blackberry - cascabel barbecue sauce (brilliant!), and collard greens with smoked chiles.  It didn't disappoint. . . The meal took us an hour and a half.  It felt like 15 minutes.  It was a great experience and time literally flew by (mainly because there are no clocks in the casinos).  If you're planning on seeing a show after dinner, give yourself an extra hour or so.  You'll probably need it. . . The meal was a bit pricey ($200+ for three), but well worth it.  I've noticed that the lunch menu had many of the same items as the dinner menu - just smaller portions and priced accordingly.
Whenever I'm in Vegas I just have to say that there are few times I'm able to wake up early enough to go anywhere for breakfast or lunch, especially on a Sunday. BUT I WILL make anexception for this restaurant. Hopefully that speaks volumes. . . This restaurant (owned by Bobby Flay) is located on the casino floor of Caesar's Palace. It's easy to miss unless you're really looking for it. I feel like this restaurant is underrated and can be easily overshadowed by the many restaurants that Caesar's Palace offers. . . One of the main reasons why I come here is the breakfast/brunch menu. I seriously cannot get enough of their Smoked Salmon and Dill Quesadilla. It has the perfect amount of smoked salmon and cheese and the creme fraiche is delicious. Their Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale is fantastic as well as their Wild Striped Bass and Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon. I would definitely like to try the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles (a somewhat new discovery from my Mexican friends) and the Spicy Scrambled Eggs. As if you couldn't already tell I'm a sucker for spicy foods...as well as smoked salmon. I was also told that the Blue Corn Buttermilk Waffle is to die for as well. . . I honestly haven't had anything that doesn't taste good at this restaurant. The service is prompt and attentive, the drinks are great, and the food is fantastic. I haven't had a complaint yet. Try this place out and you won't be disappointed! Good job, Bobby Flay!
Decor? Very pleasing to the eye. Service was excellent. Food?? AMAZING. I had the pork tenderloin. I was prepared to see maybe 3 small medallions on  my plate because well that is usually what you get at a restaurant like that. Perfectly cooked, small portions. I was so surprised when my plate arrived. There were huge pieces of this tenderloin just cooked to perfection. Mouthwatering good. I was so very happy. I tried my boyfriend's dish, he ordered the relleno. It was ALSO so delicious. If I go back, I will be ordering that.. . Needless to say, I left that place with a giant gourmet food baby.
While in Las Vegas a couple weeks ago my mom and I had dinner at the Mesa Grill.  I LOVE Las Vegas so in my mind it's hard to not have an awesome time.  The service was impeccable.  Just watching the place operate was exciting.. . We wanted to try a few different things so instead of getting a big entree we shared two apps, the Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale (awesome), the Blue corn pancake with barbecued duck (good but I found the duck a little tough) then a side of their roasted corn chipotle aioli, lime, and cotija cheese (amazing).  Everything came to the table piping hot which I love.  . . The only thing that stops me from a 5 star rating is the cocktail.  I ordered the Mesa original margarita.  I wasn't able to finish it because it had way too much lime juice.  I couldn't even taste the tequila so that part was a bummer.
First of all, let me just say that I love Bobby Flay. This was a surprise visit from bf after I had said that I love Bobby. We wound up getting there pretty late (right around 10:30pm when their last seating is at 10:30). Even though we got there late, the hostesses were nice and sat us right away since we had a reservation.. . Our server was an incredibly nice lady who was very attentive to our needs. She recommended a framboise beer for me since I was trying to decide what kind of drink to get. It wound up being pretty good. Bf ordered a Belgian White beer, forget what kind, and it was also pretty good. . . Okay... food. Yum. We decided to go with a couple appetizers and an entree to do family style, since we wanted to try a lot of different things. Here are my thoughts: . . -Roasted Corn Soup: omg this was amah-zing. It had a very complex taste, starting a bit on the sweet side, going to savory side, then ending with a somewhat sweet aftertaste. It was amazing. . -Rough Cut Tuna Nachos: this was probably one of the few factors bringing it down to a 4 star versus 5 star. Fresh ahi, garnished with an avocado and mango glaze, what I think is homemade tortilla chips, it was good, don't get me wrong. It was pretty ordinary though, although bf loved the mango glaze. . -Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: grilled shrimp in some kinda creamy delicious sauce (I think it's creme fraiche, but not sure), with an incredibly yummy corn tamale. This was amazing. My only suggestion would be to add more shrimp. By the end of the dish we were out of shrimp but still had a substantial amount of tamale. . -Entree: New Mexico Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin: This was so yummy. Three perfectly portioned pieces of the perfect amount of pink, tender pieces (guess that's why they call it TENDERloin). But.. while the meat was deliciously cooked, the sauce and the rub were a bit overwhelming, particularly the rub. . . Overall, this was a great experience. I love Bobby and I think it was a great experience to visit his restaurant. I'm sad I couldn't give it five stars, but I save five stars for restaurants where I have absolutely nothing negative to say about it, and due to the tuna nachos being somewhat mediocre and the tenderloin rub being too strong, I got to take the star away. I'd give it a five if Bobby were there though. ;) Would definitely come again.
I went there this past weekend with a group of friends and all of us walked away very happy and impressed with the food.  The service is top notch as well.. . I had the NY Strip steak which was cooked perfectly medium rare.  I couldnt have asked for a better steak and for the size of the steak, I thought it was very reasonable in price...I actually couldnt finish the steak as I was so full.  They served some steak sauce on the side, but I thought the steak was too good to even bother with steak sauce, although I did enjoy the spiciness of the sauce.  Somebody else had ordered the pork tenderloin which was amazing as well.  . . I had a side dish that was a tamale and it was excellent.  I dont really know what was inside of it but it had a texture that made me think there was nuts.  Everyone who had ordered the baked potato loved it.  Somebody ordered the collared greens which I tried, but I was not too impressed.  They were probably the only thing that I would not have ordered again.. . Overall, it was a great experience and I would try it again
My boyfriend and I came here for his birthday dinner and I'm thoroughly impressed, it was much better than I had anticipated. I've looked over the menu before and thought it was a pretty normal menu but it was spectacular!. . For appetizers, we had the corn soup and chicken skewers. Let me tell you the portions may look itsy bitsy but it's more than enough to start your meal with. The soup was tangy with a hint of heat and it was so unbelievably smooth. And the chicken skewers. WOW! The plate comes with three skewers, a gloried BBQ sauce and some pieces of lettuces, mint and parsley. I had no idea what to do with the lettuce until our server pointed out that I would make little wraps with it. Boy am I glad she caught that. It was delicious. The chicken is nice and charred on the outside but still wonderfully moist and juicy on the inside.. . For the main course, my boyfriend got the black angus stead and I got the salmon. I'm not much of a beef person, but my boyfriend knows his steak. In his opinion, the steak was more than worth the $50. The chef got the temperature just right and underneath the steak was the BBQ sauce with a blend of other really colorful sauces. And we were both surprised at the portion of the steak. It was almost double what you normally get. The salmon also had the same bed of sauces, a little repetitive but it was delicious no less. I got it cooked medium because that's how our server recommended it (it was pink in the center) but I'm sure you can request it to be cooked through more. The salmon was great! Nice and moist and the outside had a really nice sear on top.. . For dessert, we had the toffee bread pudding and the chocolate bread pudding. When my boyfriend ordered a glass of wine, our server noticed it was his birthday a few days prior and brought out his dessert with a little candle in it! I thought that was nice! :D Unfortunately, I was less than impressed with my dessert, hence one star less. They had a pretty comprehensive dessert menu too, in case you're much of a sweets person you can order a 15 year old Bourbon instead!. . Now, the service was speedy and so friendly! So so friendly! Sat us down with a smile and sent us away with a smile, so that made the night even better.. . All in all, if you're looking for a trendy and casual place to eat, this is your spot. No need to decipher fancy french menus here!
Excellent restaurant! Great wine list, Finca Allende 06, and one of the best NY's in town!. Always a good time
Went here for a fancy dinner while staying in Vegas. Just have to say upfront that I took away one star just because this was my 2nd choice. Gordon Ramsey steak was sold out :(.. . That being said the food here was really good! starting with the bread basket, the asiago cheese jalapeno bread was soo yummy. I had the grilled chicken and it was excellent. I also really like the tamale that came as my side dish. I also ordered the twice baked potato as an extra side and the spicy horseradish that came with it was so good. . . For dessert i had the chocolate pretzel tart with peanut butter icecream. sooo good!! even if i only got a small piece of pretzel (The boyfriend stole the rest!) . . Best part was the quick seating (we had a reservation) and the SUPERB service from the staff. I enjoyed it overall very much.
A great dining experience but not the best Vegas has to offer in the grill category. I confess that me and my friend were seduced by the star name on the name to make reservations here for dinner but although it artificially raises its prices because of a vague association to Bobby Flay its dishes retain the famous chef's signature style. Which basically means that they are slightly spicier and over-sauced than you'll probably find at home. . . Price was MESA is "spendy" but not ridiculous like some of Caesar's other offerings (Ie. Homestead Steakhouse). The ambiance is trendy and upbeat;  I was actually surprised by how bright and colorful the decoration inside was. For dinner we had a decent bottle of burgundy for about $90-100 and: . Rough Cut Tuna Nachos ($16). Lobster Tacos ($20). Roasted Veal Chop ($48). Chile Crusted Rabbit ($38). Collard Greens and Sauteed Spinach ($9 each). The whole dinner came to around  $300 but it would have been closer to $200 (with tax and tip) were it not for the bottle of wine. For me the highlight of the dinner was the Rabbit which is perfectly seasoned and prepared in 2 distinct styles. My friend enjoyed his entree and desert as well but we both found the side dishes disappointing. They were bland and the collard greens did not taste at all fresh. However the side dishes are unnecessary I think: the entrees all come with some vegetables and the serving of rabbit in particular is too big for one person. I could only get through 2/3 of it before surrendering. . . A final somewhat strange note: The hosts like to arrange the seating so that people who are dressed similarly are next to each other. This leads to the restaurant divided into several clusters: 1) filled with men in Hawaiian shirts and polos, 2) trendy ladies in cocktail dresses, 3) those dressed to impress and those elderly gentlemen with young trophy wives. In a way it's nice because no matter how you dress you shouldn't feel comfortable because the people around you will probably be dressed in a similar style.
I love watching Bobby's shows, unfortunately no . Cali restaurant locations. So I jumped at the chance to try lunch here when visiting Vegas with my teen sons. Of course I went sans my sons. Gave them McDs money and strolled in right before the lunch crowd hit.. I dropped a star because the hostess immediately asked if I wanted to be seated at the bar. . I declined but she only offered me a table closely arranged to other tables with couples and groups. I asked for a table somewhere else where I wouldn't feel like I was a third wheel but the hostess claimed nothing else was available. . So I settled for the bar, the bartenders were very nice and offered suggestions of the white peach margarita. It was very nice and strong-should be for $13. I had the BBQ lamb Cobb salad which was flavorful and filling except for the lamb all ingredients were routine. Finally the banana cream pie was delicious, light creamy with fresh bananas, custard,whip cream topped with a delectable toffee crisp cookie. . I hope Mr Flay opens a restaurant in northern California somewhere, Napa maybe?
Went for brunch on a saturday morning, nice relaxed atmosphere.  Chicken hash was really good - a little spicy, but definitely not over the top.  Toastada was good too, a little one note, but still good.
The chicken sauce was to die for. Very good!
One liner: The lamb grill is awesome . The service was very good
Great visit.  About 2 years ago now.  Had the Pork Tenderloin, would recommend to anyone.  Also had the shrimp tamale.  Great flavor, great presentation and awesome margaritas.  Weekends can be tough to get a seat if you don't have a res 4-5 days out.
Hot damn that tamale with king shrimp was very impressive.. Hot damn those barbequed ribs were delicious.. The tuna steak was tasty.. . The banana custard was unimpressive. I do not recommend this dessert no matter how hard your server pushes it.
Was very excited to try this resturant out. Like some of other reviewers, am a Bobby Flay fan. There were 4 of us in our party - 2 adults & 2 kids under age of 10.. . Menu varies for lunch & dinner. We chose to go for an early dinner - around 5-ish. We were seated right away in the back part of resturant in a round table. Was a nice "view" of the resturant, cooking stations, and other tables. Perhaps a little less noisy than the rest of the place. We were able to talk amongst ourselves just fine. (Even share a bit of conversation wtih members of the table right next to us.). . Adults had the Tuna steak. (I really enjoyed it medium-rare. My husband had it med-well.) The poblano-peppercorn sauce was tasty and married well with the couscus. Our portions were a good size, I thought. We also had an order of the lobster tacos - good flavor. I agree wth Cat P. that the asiago cheese jalapeno bread was the best of all the breads in the bread basket ;-) . . We initially were going to order a couple apps for the kids - but our waiter suggested a burger or cheese burger for them. (Nice touch! And worth the $12 for a grade-A burger w/ fries.)  They enjoyed refillable sodas/lemonaide. While the adults drank tasty margaritas - go ahead, try the signature White peach Margarita!  . . Desert... ah, the finishing touch on a great meal. We shared 2 deserts: toasted coconut cake and banana cream pie. Not too sweet and hit the spot. . . Service notes: Our waitstaff was attentive, knowledgable about the menu, and were delightful with the two kids.. . What we might do differently next time: Say no to the mineral water ($8.50 per bottle was a bit too spendy.). . It was a good meal that came with a price. It could be considered your "big spend" item while visiting. We would consider coming back (just with Adults). . . Save a Margarita for me.....!
Had the Mesa Burger: burger was good but nothing earth-shattering good.  I did like the horseradish mustard to dip my fries in.
My boyfriend loves Mesa Grill in New York and has been going there with his family for years.  This was my first time and it did not disappoint.  We were staying at Caesars for only a night and this was a perfect time to try it out!  I got the tuna nachos appetizer and it was very spicy and great!  I got the salmon with black bean sauce which was also great.  Very odd that the waiter asked how I wanted my salmon cooked - always a first time for everything!  My only complaint is the drinks are too expensive - no real choice for white wines and $13 a glass for an ok glass of white.  My boyfriend loved his margaritas which were also $13.  Bobby, get your drink prices a little more in line!
For me, it's all about the Shrimp Corn Tamale!. . It's unlike any tamale you've ever had. The is with a gourmet twist after all. When I'm on a business trip in Vegas, I can usually walk in, sit myself at the bar and order one of these and a cocktail with no fuss. If I'm starving, I might get the burger and one of these... The Tamale is a must.
halibuttttt was good.... . cornbread? it wasn't bad..not as sweet as i thought..the other jalapeno and rasin bread was good... :). . the price wasn't bad for the portions..the burger was huge and the southwestern fries were delicious with the wasabi aioli... . service was nice..the decor was nice..casual..low key..came here for lunch..not bad for all that food and feel stuffed for $80..
After seeing Chef Bobby Flay on the Food Network channel numerous times, I made sure to put Mesa Grill on my Las Vegas restaurant bucket list. The restaurant definitely lived up to the hype for me. The appetizer the Glazed Ribs and Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale was tasty. The glaze on the ribs was unique.The corn tamale complimented the shrimp very well. For my entree, I decided to try the shrimp and grits. Growing up in the south, I really enjoyed this dish. The flavors from the shrimp and grits were unbelievable. This dish definitely hit the mark. I had a hard time choosing a dessert. All the choices on the dessert menu sounded delicious. I decided to go with the Toasted Coconut Cake. I made a good choice because the cake was finger licking good. The coconut cake had just the right amount of coconut flavor. The service was good. The waiter was attentive for a packed restaurant. Reservations are highly recommended at Mesa Grill. I got into the restaurant late in the evening. Although Mesa Grill is located in Caesars Palace, the restaurant has a nice romantic atmosphere. Mesa Grill is a good restaurant to enjoy Bobby Flay inspired dishes. This was one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
Well Bobby Flay does it again. Second or third time at this great Restaurant in Ceasars Las Vegas. Place was very crowded and we were unable to make a reservation earlier in the day because it was booked. After the Greenbay game we thought we would Celebrate and try Bobbies again. . Still booked but we found a comfortable lounge seat in the Lounge(smile). Right away we were treated with the best service, and was served the best meal we've experienced in a long time. . So thanks to Bobby and his wonderful staff for a great Celebration in Mesa Grill.
I normally don't go to big restaurants in Vegas. Usually we eat cheap (because we lose and have to dish it out at clubs) or we go to the buffets for the grand experience.. . This will be the first of many.. . We went in a party of 7 around 530 to beat a rush (if any). Though there dress code is pretty casual, sleeves are a must (no bro tanks here). We had a reservation that was made a couple days prior and got seated right when the last one of us had arrived. We were greeted by our waiter who pretty much gave us the lowdown on the menu. As someone on our group said, there probably could have been a whole powerpoint presentation on the information he gave us. . . No complaints about the service. Waiter came around early and often. He even brought backup just to refill water.. . Food: Was great. To be honest, I haven't tried pricey steaks so often but that New York strip was good. I tried my friend's rib-eye and DO RECOMMEND that one over the strip. Overall, you're paying that much for a steak so it better be good, right? We also started with the blue corn pancake (with duck inside). I would have liked to be bigger, but it seems like its a trend that the appetizers are appetizer size. The duck was very tender and flavorful though. I do recommend the tamale. It will be unlike any tamale you have ever eaten...trust me on that one. As for a side, the waiter recommended the roasted corn chipotle aioli which was fantastic. . . Price: Well it's Bobby Flay. "Pay him. Pay him his money". . Bobby Flay did it right. Iron Chef, we'll meet again someday.
Bobby Flay Does It Again!. . I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan but am very skeptical of celebrity owned restaurants. I was hesitant to try this place but thank god I did. We decided to go here for Brunch and everything we ate was delicious. The service was great and you won't be disappointed with the food. I had the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash! IT WAS AMAZING! The flavors were perfectly balanced and the concept was great. Good job Mr. Flay!
Been here a few times now, here's a complete rewrite.... . We've been here for food a few times and just drinks several more times. The service has been amazing and poor. The food is good to great, the margaritas are excellent.. . First the drinks, they really know margaritas. I don't think their "Mesa Margarita" is good but not great. It's a good start that runs slightly sweet without being the typical "punch-style" margarita. With the Especial Margarita, you call the tequila and pick one of three orange liqueurs. If you've got a favorite tequila in mind you want this.  Finally, they have the Partida. It's served straight up in a martini glass. But you can get it in a bucket if you prefer. Because there's no ice, it's going to look small. Don't slam this drink. Enjoy it!  Some people think it's too sour, I think it's an amazing drink. . . On our first visit a few years ago, lunch was average. The food was good but the various odd plate shapes actually made eating a bit awkward, maybe we were just tired after the flight. Recently, four of us had dinner and it was probably one of the best service experiences any of us has  ever had in a restaurant. At the start, the wine sommelier switched gears into a beer and tequila expert without missing a beat. I'm pretty sure this isn't his job, but he stepped up and took our entire drink order. We were being pretty picky about what we wanted (me about the margaritas and another guy about beer and tequila combinations), he accommodated everything, offered great alternatives when they didn't stock what we asked for and never made us feel like we were too demanding (we probably were). Our whole party clicked with the waitress. She played along well with our "we're going to be here a while, drink and eat a bunch, we might be a pain in the ass, and we'll tip well for it" vibe. Seriously the best service I can remember in a restaurant. For food, two of us has the chile relleno (it's really stuffed eggplant), my wife thought her chicken was good, but my pork tenderloin was the winner at the table. I'll order that again and again.. . About the poor service.... On a different night, we went for appetizers after 10pm. Our waitress seemed uninterested and annoyed from the time she walked up. During our stay, we saw her engaging with other tables for long periods of time, but she never checked on us. Maybe we did something early to set her off, maybe four appetizers plus drinks didn't impress her. The busboy made up for it though, we nominated him as our server and just decided to ask him for everything we wanted, tipping him in cash when we left. We did leave a small tip for the waitress, the food was fine, nothing went wrong, but it was pretty clear she didn't want to deal with us.
Mesa delivered beyond my expectations. Everything was very flavorful and did not disappoint. The ribeye, jalapeno cornbread, all delicious. Good for large groups too. We came during restaurant week so they had a really good 3-course prix fixe deal for ~$56.
Found this restaurant on Yelp when I was visiting Vegas for the weekend. Oh hey, it's Bobby Flay! It's got to be good! Having never been to Vegas before, the location inside Caesar's Palace threw me off a bit. To me, Caesars Palace is just....tacky. But it's Vegas so that's the look they were going for I guess. . . Anyhow, they were of course totally booked so we ended up getting a seat at the bar. I thought this was actually better than sitting at a table and we had plenty of room. We started off with a White Pear Margarita which was easily the best (albeit relatively overpriced) cocktail I had in town. . . I wasn't particularly hungry but wanted to get a taste of the menu so I ended up getting a bunch of appetizers. The Barbecue Ribs were out of this world -- peanut chipotle sauce, garnished with some green onion and peanut relish. The Lobster Tacos were very yummy but so tiny. I was warned, but for 20 bucks I thought it'd be a bit bigger. Literally every bit of everything else was equally outstanding though.. .  I would highly recommend making a reservation and not coming too hungry.
I hosted a business party of 11 at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill on a recent trip to Vegas. Our group was very impressed by the quality of food {4 appetizers, 11 entrees, 2 sides, 6 deserts, 6 bottles of wine.} Not one person unhappy with their food. Our service was exceptional.. . Since there were 11 in our party they considered us a "group" and wanted us to order from a limited menu. We picked Mesa Grill based on reputation and so wanted to order from the menu. The Mesa Grill staff worked with us and gave us a great experience. . . I personally had a great and well aged fillet mignon with an enjoyable coffee rub. My dining partners were particularly outspoken in favor of the 22 ounce ribeye, and green chili cioppino, and pork tenderloin. A side dish of roasted corn was exceptional. A very enjoyable Willamette Valley Pinot Noir topped off the evening.
I've seen Bobby Flay on the Foodnetwork, Iron Chef and countless cooking shows so eating at any of his restaurants is on my list of "to-eats". When we went to Mesa, it was pretty empty when we stopped by for a late lunch but then again, it was during off-peak hours. There was only one other table of customers besides my husband and me. It was really overstaffed as there was at least twice as many service people as there were customers. . . -I ordered Ancho Chile Crusted Sea scallops on salad ($22) and husband had swordfish sandwich ($16). Both of our dishes were just ok. The sea scallops were undercooked and salad under it was just ok. Swordfish steak was thin and couldn't really taste any fish with all the other flavors going on with the club. . -Our entrees were a 3* but I added 1* because the sides are the highlights: They serve a really nice selection of complimentary breads, chef gave us some butter pickles that there were totally mouth-watering. Southwestern fries that came with the swordfish club is so tasty. Fries are very crispy, not too thick and well-seasoned. Not too many places do fries to my liking. They also make excellent margaritas so that's a must. . . Lunch prices are decent for the strip ranging from $15-$25 / entree.
Bobby Flay's restaurant at Caesar's Palace.  Tasty but with mixed reviews.  The first time I went there, everything I had was delicious.  The chicken and pork tenderloin were outstanding.  This time, I ordered the following - duck crepe (SOOOO good!), shrimp tamale (very flavorful and fresh), salmon (mediocre, at best... and our waiter even told us not to order it... but my friend didn't listen), and halibut (tender, flaky, not fishy at all... and so flavorful!).  The halibut and appetizers were my favorites and I would definitely go and order those again.  We also ordered 3 desserts, which were totally worth it!  Sweet potato pudding (and I don't even like sweet potatoes!), Banana pie tart thingy, and spicy peanut chocolate cake.  mmmmmm would definitely go there for dessert and the appetizers!!! . . You need a reservation for this place.
My husband and I went here to dinner for the first time last week and it was fabulous.  I had the pork medallions.  I am not one to order pork, but the waiter assured me they would be delicious--and they were.  My husband had the veal chop and it was also flavorful and yummy.  For starter were shared the shrimp tamale--which was to die for.  Should have ordered two--so very good.  Each entree came with a tamale with pecans, and it was unbelievably good.. . I was so impressed we returned for brunch.  I was not so impressed, and was actually disappointed with my dish.  I had scrambled egg chilaquiles.  I did not like the flavor of the sauces at all, and had really expected something great.  Would not recommend at all.  They were more like deconstructed chilaquiles.  My husband, on the other hand, ordered two appetizers.  He had the shrimp tamale--which was every bit as good as before, and the bacon and egg quesadilla, which again was superb.   . . Service was goo, and the bread baskets on both trips were very good.  I would go back again, but certainly would skip the chilaquiles.
Yum! We got a couple of appetizers: the shrimp tamale was amahzing. The blue corn pancake with bbq duck was good, but not life changing. The queso was not my cup of tea (but that's because I hate goat cheese).  For entrees: get the pork. It's their house specialty, it's DELISH, and I just saved you some deciding time. The pumpkin soup was spicy and creamy and just all around yummy. Chopped salad was alright. A little too dressed for me. Atmosphere was ok, nothing too fancy, it's actually smaller than I thought it would be but cute with the exposed kitchen. Service was fantastic! Overall, an enjoyable meal!
Made this a lunch stop, wanted to go to 5 stars, maybe next time.. The service was pretty good, the Ahi nachos were the best lets be honest, "Poke" Ive ever had, so fresh it was like butter, the sauces and chips were great but it would have been just as good on its own. I got the shrimp and corn tamale, " the signature dish" it was good, I'm glad I tried it but I wouldn't order it again, it seems odd to me that the shrimp are not grilled it would add So much. My boyfriend got the mesa burger which maybe we expected too much from, and it was a good burger, but a little under seasoned and as he stated he was underwhelmed, I know we will go back, just for the Ahi alone, and there are other things to try..maybe my expectations were too high because I'm such a big fan Of Chef Flay.
The only reason I am giving this place a 4 star is because the cajun rib eye steak is soooo gooood! The side dshes are not good. I've had most side dishes and they taste water down and not flavorful.
I am not a huge fan of bobby flay, but my husband really really wanted to try this place and it was thanksgiving around lunch time so we didnt have a lot of options.  They were only serving their dinner menu, which looked delicious so it was perfect.  We started off with a prickly pear margaritta and a white peach margaritta, the peach one was delicious and not to sweet,and my huband enjoyed his pear drink too.  We decided to order a couple appetizers for our meal.  We had the lobster tacos, duck pancakes, goat cheese queso, and mashed potatoes.  The goat cheese queso was AMAZING so delicious and gooey.  They are served with chips, but I also put some on the bread that was delivered to the table.  It was really a great dish.  I was really disapointed my the lobster tacos, first they are one bit, literally.  At least you get 3 but still for $15 I wanted more than 3 bites.  Also, I couldnt taste the lobster, there was way too much going on in that little taco!  The duck pancake was very flavorful and the sauce was delicious.  It was a think pancakes, more like a crepe and there was plenty of duck.  The mashed potatoes were to die for!  They put a queso sauce over them they makes them sooo tasty.  Very wonderful lunch with great service!. . p.s the bread basket had some of the best bread I have ever had!
We were planning to go for dinner but couldn't get a reservation until after 9pm so we decided to go ahead try it out for lunch. We were seated quickly and our waiter greeted us very warmly! . . We started off with some delicious margaritas and were given a nice little basket of mixed breads. My favorite was the blueberry coffeecake! I could really go for a lifetime supply of it. I am not a big fan of coffeecake as well. When the waiter was describing each type of bread, I kind of dismissed the coffeecake until I tried it! . . The atmosphere was great. We ordered the goat cheese "queso fundido" as an appetizer which I highly recommend. Then we decided to order the rough cut tuna "nachos" and spicy scrambled eggs for our entrees. The tuna "nachos" are a pretty small portion and I probably wouldn't order them again. The spicy scrambled eggs had jalapeno and goat cheese apricot but it was a bit too cheesy for me. I think it's because we had the fundido for appetizer. If you love cheese, you'll be VERY happy!. . We found something inedible in our potatoes and our waiter quickly took it away and replaced it. Then, the chef offered us a dessert on the house. We couldn't have been more pleased. We decided onthe toasted coconut layered cake and it was AMAZING!!! We were so happy that they offered us a dessert to make up for the mistake. We ordered the best item on the menu! If you go there, be sure to have the toasted coconut layered cake. You will not regret it.. . Overall, I had a great experience here. I would try other items next time and thought the service was wonderful! We will definitely be back.
Buen provecho! . . SUMMARY: The food here was very tasty. Theirs is a modern, elegant take on Southwestern fare. There was a splash of sweet and a kick of spice in each dish. The meat was tender and the service was excellent. Our server, Joel, was attentive and informative.  He made a lovely meal all the more enjoyable. . . EXPECTATION OF THE FAMOUS:  Emily Dickenson lamented, "How dreary - to be - Somebody!" I don't know how "dreary" fame is nowadays, but there are drawbacks.  Clearly Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill both suffers and benefits from his fame. My advice? Let go of whatever you think of Bobby Flay when you sit down to eat. Don't allow preconceived notions fed by reality television shows to color your expectation.  Many fabulous restaurants on the strip are owned/led by accomplished, talented, and (when we are lucky) creative chefs. At Mesa Grill (MG) the owner/executive chef also happens to be famous.  That fact should be the least important part of your experience with this place.. . THE FOOD. . TIGER SHRIMP: This delectable bite was my favorite of the night. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and like many dishes at Mesa Grill, comes with corn.  This appetizer was creamy and sweet. It was a gentle start to the meal.. . BLUE CORN PANCAKE: Served with barbequed duck, this dish was a tad sweet for my taste. But the tender meat and complex sauce compensated for the overly sweet bite.. . NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN and GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS: Both dishes packed a (now familiar) sweet and spicy punch. By the time the grilled lamb came out, I was a bit tired of the sweet dishes. But in fairness the "sweet + meat" combo works. For spice reluctant palates, the sweet provides a gentle method for accepting the kick in many of the dishes.  There is a purpose behind the flavor selections. I appreciate the thoughtfulness behind the dishes.  What more could I ask?. . CHURROS: Warm, sweet, and light.. . PRICKLY PEAR MARGHARITA: Sweet and expected.. . VERDICT: This was a lovely meal. The food was well prepared and the overall experience was enjoyable. While I'm not putting Mesa Grill on my rotation, I would certainly visit with a friend from out of town. There is a slight.... artificiality to the place that I can't pin down. It's a slick establishment.  They are looking to leave you feeling something. I may not have been as moved as MG management would have liked, but I appreciate the professionalism and the effort.   There is nothing "dreary" about doing something well. And Mesa Grill does high-end, delicious Southwestern food very well.
Pretty friggin' good.  House Margaritas are outstanding here, off the charts outstanding.  More specifically when ordered with the rough cut tuna nachos, absolutely the best thing on the menu. Order it!. . Not too pretentious, fairly casual, great place to stop for a quick drink while walking thru Caesar's.  Cant say the entrees are anything really great, but they are good. I've had cioppino for dinner and the shrimp tacos for lunch. Had better for less cheddar, but they are still good dishes and the vegas vig on food is expected. . . All in all, try this place as you are walking thru the maze of caesar's palace trying to find your way to the forum shops.  Have a margarita AND the tuna nachos at the very least.
I finally made it into Mesa Grill this weekend. My friend was always raving about their food and margaritas, so I was very excited to finally get to try it for myself. My boyfriend and I stopped by for brunch and we were pleasantly surprised. They brought out a bread basket while we waited for our appetizer. The bread was delicious! There were tiny jalapeno biscuits, cornbread, blueberry cake and a raisin scone. Everything was perfect. The bread was warm and very fresh. I could seriously eat like 10 of those jalapeno biscuits!  . . We ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido as our appetizer. So good! The cheese was topped with red and green peppers. They served it with some light and crispy blue corn chips. I'm already craving this again.... . For my entree I ordered the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles. They were pretty good, but very different from the chilaquiles I'm used to eating. The tomatillo salsa was good, but my favorite part was the side of hominy grits. They were very flavorful!. . My boyfriend ordered the Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash. It was SO good! If you like sweet potatoes, you will love this dish. It was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. . . We didn't save room for dessert, so we will have to go back one of these days to give that a try. Mesa Grill is a place I can certainly see myself visiting again. I have to try their White Peach Margarita, after all!
My friend really wanted to try this place, since he's a fan of Bobby Flay. He got the burger, which he completely devoured, and I got the chicken salad with dressing on the side. It was a really pleasant surprise for them to give us not one, but THREE dressings! All dressings were delicious, and the veggies were fresh. Chicken came with the skin on, but it was very tender and flavorful. I'll definitely be back...it's a great place to eat light and feel healthy, though I'm sure you could order heavy and roll out the door if you wanted...
The Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon, served with a mushroom-ancho chile sauce, was heaven. Need I say more?
Great food
Southwest Burger... that is all Im going to say
Summary: A great meal at a pretty high price.  Service is attentive and friendly.  Food quality is excellent, as expected.  Flavors and textures are superb.  Definitely a pricey meal, but worth it if you're cool with it.. . Three friends and I visited Mesa Grill for the first time during CES 2013.  We made reservations for 8:45pm and showed up a few minutes early.  We waited for 15 minutes or so to be seated and I imagine that is the norm.  Soon after we were asked what type of water we wanted and greeted by our server.  He took our drink order and we selected our starting beers.  The beer selection was not big but was high quality.  Good stuff.  The wine-by-the-glass selection was not very impressive and had a pinot noir listed under the white wines.  Strange.. . We scanned the menu and selected our entrees.  A basket of olive bread and jalapeno bread was placed at our table so we noshed on that as we placed our orders.. . Coffee Ground Filet - This was my entree.  A pretty large filet mignon, perfectly cooked to my specs (medium), and sliced horizontally so that the top half rested on top of the bottom half.  The texture and quality of the beef was fantastic, as expected.  The taste was superb.  At $50, this was a pricey piece of beef, but it was one of the best steaks I've ever had.. . Mashed Potatoes with Queso Sauce - A nice little cup of creamy mashed potatoes with a little queso sauce on top.  Very tasty and smooth.  An excellent pairing dish with the steak.. . Pork Tenderloin - I nabbed a bite from one of my friends.  This was the first pork tenderloin I had ever had.  It was very tender, very flavorful, and otherwise delicious. . . Twice Baked Potato - I got to sample another friend's side.  This is basically a half potato that is super soft on the inside and has a layer of crispiness on the outside.  This was really good, too.. . The only disappointment in the meal was for one of my friends that got a NY steak.  He has for it medium rare and it came out way too rare.  He asked for it to be cooked a little more, and when it was brought back out it was done much better.  Aside from that hiccup, everything about the meal was fantastic.  The prices were not cheap.  Obviously, that is to be expected.  Overpriced?  Yeah, probably to an extent.  However, the quality of the food, service, and experience was excellent.  I would definitely consider coming back again if I had some money to burn.
Started with excellent margaritas (no surprise there). Had rabbit that was outstanding and just the right spiciness level, and also had pork that was great but not a standout.
Really liked this place, so much so that we came back to have a snack a couple of days later. I ordered the CORNMEAL CRUSTED CHILE RELLENO. It was delicious! I just wish there was more of it. I'm not one to have a big appetite but even I felt like I could have eaten more. The bread that they gave at the beginning was really good as well. My corn bread fell apart in my hands though so that explained all the crumbs on the booth, it probably happens to everyone! When I went back I got the GOAT CHEESE "QUESO FUNDIDO" and the Mashed Potatoes+ Green Chile Queso Sauce and both were great. By that time I was over eating so much heavy food but I couldn't help but have it one more time. My friends got the tamales and they weren't huge fans of it. I tried the Tiger Shrimp and it was really good along with the SMOKED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN QUESADILLA.
Took my wife here for her birthday.  We've seen Bobby Flay many times on the cooking channel and wanted to try one of his restaurants.  The service gets 5 stars...the staff is definitely trained well.  We split the bone-in rib eye steak because it was so large.  It was delicious!. . The appetizer and salad was nothing special so that's why they are not getting 5 stars for the food.  Overall, I would call it a 4.5 star experience.
Well it took a while, but I finally made time to stop by Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.  I'm not that big a Flay fan, but I was really interested in trying his food based on the pics I've seen on yelp which look pretty damn creative.. . I stopped over for lunch and based on early recommendations from my friends and my own curiosity, I didn't waste any time with ordering.  I started with the Blue Corn Pancake for my appetizer and their Chile Relleno for my entree.. . Blue Corn Pancake with Barbecued Duck - with habanero chili and star anise sauce. . http://bit.ly/Y2YRp1. This was pretty much like a duck taco.  The duck was very tasty and had a nice smokey flavor with a little kick to it.  It was really good and I'd order this again.  The only hiccup I had with this was the fact that I ended up chewing on a bone near the end.  That was a red flag and I told my waiter about it.  He was shocked!  The real sucky part about it was that I didn't get any compensation for it.. . Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno -  with Roasted Eggplant,  Manchego Cheese . Sweet Red Pepper Sauce, and Balsamic Vinegar. http://bit.ly/VmHanC. I've had my fair share of Chile Rellenos, but this has got to be the most fanciest Chile Relleno I've ever seen.  And it was good as expected!  The Chile crust had a nice crunch to it while the cheese was nicely melted down.  And to exhibit a little bit of food porn, check out the gooey cheese oozing out from inside.  (http://bit.ly/WYhacm)  Ooooooh yes!!!  . . For the most part, other than that hiccup with the bone in the duck pancake, service was still good.  My waiter was very courteous and always checked on me over the course of my meal.  It would've been nice to have a little compensation or bill removal for the bone which I probably should've requested, but I'm not that aggressive.. . I'd probably consider going back again to Mesa Grill to try their other menu items, but it probably won't be for a while.  The food is good, but I'd really have to be in mood for it to go back.  3.5 stars rounded up to 4!
Yummy, have the burgers!
The margaritas truly are some of the best I have ever had...perfect.. . Blue corn Pancake with BBQ duck....what happened??  Wayyyy to sweet without anything to cut the sweetness...not my fav.... . The chilie relleno was wonderful...the second best thing I had besides the margarita.... . I would defo go back...service was very good.
Well at a tech conference occasionally you're allowed to indulge more-so if you're sitting with analysts and important blog writers. I didn't because I had already eaten dinner. . . However I did order the pumpkin soup and it was fantastic, but be warned it is actually a bit spicy. Which is nice, if you're into that sort of thing.
We came here for dinner and were looking for something light to eat since we'd be meeting up with other friends later.  So we ordered two appetizers (the shrimp with garlic tamale and the rough cut tuna nacho), an entree (chile relleno), and a dessert (the banana creme pie).  These along with the bread basket was more than enough food for the three of us.  . I can't tell you which was was my favorite, b/c really they were all good.  The garlic corn tamale hit just the right notes of sweet and savory and paired really well with the shrimp.  Def a must order.  I think I like the tuna more though, b/c generally I like my seafood raw.  My husband loved the chile relleno, and said that it was the best he's ever had.  He's eaten a ton of this stuff, so that's saying a lot.  The dessert was a good finisher...it was more like a deconstructed banana cream pie.  i thought that the candied hazelnut at the bottom really added to the dish.  . I will be returning for brunch, since this is what Flay is really known for.  Can't wait.
Ate here once and was very very pleased with my meal, and would recommend this place to anyone. Food is priced as you would expect to eat here. Located inside a casino. They loose a star because the tables were placed a bit to close to each other and should of been more spread apart. Trying to enjoy my conversation yet being able to listen to everyone else's is not that great.
We walked into the place without a reservation because the buffet line was just way too long. A good tex mex place is always guaranteed to please, so we decided to try this out -- plus it is Bobby Flay's restaurant, right? (yeah, like chefs matter in Las Vegas anymore...every place is owned by a famous person).. . I started out with a cactus margarita, which is sweet, but also strong. Then came the queso fundido -- decent, but somehow didn't really hit the spot because of the lack of spices. Too mellow, I guess. However, the bread basket was another story -- everything was so good, I just stuffed myself with it. My favourite has to be the cornbread followed by the jalapeno scone. . . I had the tiger shrimp with corn tamale, after hearing so much about it from various sources. It didn't disappoint! The sauce and the shrimp were tasty, and the corn tamale was bursting with loads of flavours. It's a must-try.. . The wait service was...ok. Our waitress was nice but seemed a bit overwhelmed, and the bus service was just horrible. Bread came after we finished our appetizer. Things were served out of order and hectic, and cleared out of the way slowly.. . In short, bring a big stomach to this place. The plates I got were "appetizer-sized" but they were enough to stuff me, especially after I devoureda couple pieces of pastries from the bread basket. Plus, you might want to get a couple different things to try since everything looks so good.. . Oh, and just ignore the busboys.
My second time here and was just as good the first time. The Mesa Marg is great. Our waiter had them there asap, which to me means alot! I really think if a waiter can get me a cocktail,water or something to help pass time while deciding what you want to order, they have me. My wife had the Pork tenderloin and it was spicy and good! I had the Bone in Rib eye and it was fantastic! Churros for desert, you will not be disappointed!
We were actually headed to the new Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grille but they were closed for training so we decided on Mesa Grille. . . This is our third time to Mesa Grille, and we love that they change up the menu from time to time. We also love the bread basket, specifically the blue corn muffins! . . Today, I decided to try Sophie's Chopped Salad .. it was okay .. not bad, not great .. just okay. Nothing I would order again though. . . Mom had the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ duck .. which she enjoyed and said was tasty. She still likes the Tiger Shrimp Tamales the best though. . . I opted to try the Smoked Shrimp Tacos which were delicious. Just the right amount of smokiness and just the right size for lunch. (Six nice-sized and perfectly seasoned shrimp and two tortillas.) I would have to say I will have a tough time deciding between this dish and the signature Shrimp Tamales the next time we come. . . For dessert we decided to share the Sticky Toffee Pudding .. which is one of my all time favorite desserts. Unfortunately this one fell way short. It smelled right, and looked right, but the taste was not right. The pudding part was kind of dry and tasteless and the sauce was overly sweet. A disappointing end to an otherwise great lunch.
Super yummy. The goat cheese sip with blue chips was fantastic! Had the chicken and it was absolutely perfect. I'll be back!
First time I was here, I ordered the pork tenderloin and I'd say it was pretty close to a religious experience.  If I was of a certain faith that didn't allow me to eat pork, then this dish would make me think about committing that sin.  But then that lifestyle would also mean no bacon, so I'd wind up in H-E-double-hockey-sticks faster than you can say "delicious" anyway.  But I digress.. . Second time I was here, I ordered the tuna for the sake of trying something new.  I felt as though it was missing something, and while the quality of the tuna itself was decent, the flavor wasn't quite what I had in mind.  I stole a few bites from my friend who had the rib-eye.  I had food envy.  Stick to the meat dishes if you can.  And their salads aren't that memorable and possibly a waste of real estate in your stomach.  If buffet strategy has taught you anything, that real estate is precious.. . I was going to give 3 stars, but because they were accommodating when we had to change our reservation in the last minute, I'd say they get 0.5 more star (there was a little bit of 'tude typical of hosts).  Oh hell, I'm just rounding it up.  4 stars.
Seriously good. I'll start out by saying my ideal flavor profile for food has always matched Bobby Flay's cooking. From the start, the service was great and the waitress had great recommendations and patience (everything sounded tasty). The bread basket contains a mixture of breads (one on the sweeter side, one more savory consisting of cheese and jalepeno, and a corn bread muffin). The veal chop (with bone) and wild rice tamale were excellent. Great flavors and perfectly cooked. The margarita that I had was tasty too. Overall fantastic experience. I'd love to give it 5, but I only upgrade when I've visited multiple times and can test the consistency.
We definitely will be back when in Vegas. My hubby ordered coffee rubbed steak and it was delicious! The toffee dessert was melt in your mouth yummy and the prices are really reasonable.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I definitely recommend dinner over lunch menu. Haven't tried brunch yet, that's next on my list. A few of my favorite menu items: -the Mesa Burger (holy cow, Bobby Flay knows his way around a burger!). -Pork tenderloin (never before and never since have I had pork tenderloin this good!). -queso fundido (how can you go wrong with a skillet of bubbly cheese?). Less than awesome menu items:. -the ribs (eh...wouldn't order again. Ate the other half of my hubby's burger instead of finishing my ribs lol). -Chicken skewers (standard chicken skewers, nothing I couldn't get anywhere else). . Also, I've never had a bad dessert here. ALWAYS save room for dessert!
Wanted to go to a special dinner with my girlfriend so we decided to check out Super Chef Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (unfortunately The Cubes, Chris Daughtry, and Jeff Probst weren't there..). . Even though we made a late reservation and were one of the last tables, the service was still very friendly and the wine list was excellent.. . My pork chop was cooked perfectly and I liked my girlfriend's New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even more.  . . Also in a cool location in Caesar's Palace - would definitely return again.
Last meal in Vegas before flying home. Fabulous food and outstanding service. The goat cheese fundido was scrumptious as an appetizer. I had grilled mahimahi which was very flavorful and had a spicy twist. I love spicy so it was right up my alley. Wife had smoked shrimp tacos which were excellent as well. If in Vegas this is a must meal!
I came here with the bf during our trip to Vegas and it did not disappoint. It was pretty crowded on a Tuesday night. There was a 45 min wait for a table of 2. Luckily, although we had reservations at 8:30 and arrived early at 8, we were seated right away.. . I wasn't feeling to well so I asked for a hot water with lemon and honey. I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came and was not charged for it. . . For my appetizer, I ordered the pan seared scallops, which were cooked to perfection. Every bite pretty much melted in my mouth. I ordered the pork tenderloin, cooked medium, for my entree and it was perfect. After both dishes, I was too full for dessert.. . My bf ordered the lobster tacos for his appetizer and it was AMAZING. The shell was so crispy, and the lobster filling was very flavorful. It came it 3 pieces, but were very small, pretty much bite sized. For this entree he got the cascabel chile crusted rabbit. I wasn't very impressed with this dish. I've had rabbit before, and enjoyed it. But, the  rabbit here was very tough. This was the only dish the was a disappointment. . . Overall, the service was impeccable, and the food overall was good!
We hit up Mesa Grill as part of our Restaurant Week outings and are glad we did. This an extremely busy restaurant, we had 5:45 reservations, arrived at 5:30 and were not seated until 5:55 and overheard that they didn't have any tables open until 9:00 so be sure to get reservations! Our service was spotty, while the waiter was friendly and offered some good recommendations the table next to us that arrived after us received dessert when we got our main course (both tables were ordering similar items off of the RW menu).  I ordered the scallops for appetizer and they were cooked to perfection my boyfriend got the venison chili and it was very good though not something we would order again. For main course I went with the pork tenderloin and it did not disappoint, so moist and the sauce had the perfect amount of kick; boyfriend went with the spare ribs which were moist and a good sauce to accompany. Dessert was a bit lacking in my opinion; the caramel/chocolate pudding was fine but really just your average pudding. The coconut cake was very good, moist with a nice crunch from the toasted coconut, I don't traditionally like coconut but I thought it was good. All in all I would visit again, though I might not seek it out since it is pricey.
I had the ribeye steak, one of the best I ever had. Cooked perfectly. The side dish, which I forget now, as it was awhile back, was just okay. The Caesar salad was above average. Had a mint ice cream sundae which was fabulous. Foe me, the atmosphere was pleasant, but not memorable. The service was outstanding. Overall, a great taste of Flay.
A friend of mine HIGHLY recommended Mesa Grill, so my boyfriend and I checked it out on our recent trip to Vegas. Yeah, our third trip in 5 months...we may have a problem.. . Anyway, we went at about 11:30 am on a Saturday, and were seated in about 5 minutes. They happened to be running a special that they run once a year that involved a preset menu with a couple of different options for $30. Not bad.. . We ordered the:. . Duck served on a blue corn pancake-the duck was DELICIOUS, and both the sauce that the duck was cooked in and the sauce on the plate were delicious. The meat was very tender and flavorful. I am not always crazy about duck, so this was a pleasant surprise . . Green Chili Burger with fries-Ok, think big thick burger patty. It was juice and delicious and cooked right to order. My boyfriend often complains that burgers are overdone, even if you ask for them radium rare or medium, and he said this one was just perfect. If you get a chance walk by the grill and look at all of the burgers being cooked. . Sorbet -Mango, Pear, and Raspberry. They were all good but I really liked the nice soft flavor of the pair.. . Bread-The bread comes with each table, and I am only mentioned it because it was kind of different. There were several different little selections, such as a cranberry scone, a corn muffin, a coffee cake, and something else sweet. The bread basket was a unique and unexpected touch.. . I would definitely come here again. Good food, good service, nice atmosphere and a great location within Caesars.
Spring Restaurant Week 2013:. . Day 5: . . Mesa Grill is known for a handful of dishes and usually Restaurant Week tends to be the showcase for their best items. I have eaten here a few times in the past couple of years. Each time I have had a great experience. The must try items are the tiger shrimp tamale, the rough cut tuna nachos, crab cakes, spicy chicken sweet potato hash, the chile rellenos, and their desserts.. . There is a reason why Mesa wins every year when it comes to the most money raised for our local food bank. They put out a well balanced menu that gives the guest the biggest bang for their buck. The portion sizes are scaled back, but leaves you feeling full. I started with the rough cut tuna nachos for my appetizer. It is served like tuna poki. The fish is sashimi grade and served raw. Tosses with chipotle puree, cilantro, capers, and placed on top of a mango habanero puree and avocado crema. The blue corn and tortilla chips are the only utensils you need to scoop up all of this deliciousness. . . I got the crab cakes last year when they ran this special which lead me to order the green chile burger this time around. The meat tends to lose it's form and crumbles easily. I ended up using a fork and knife halfway through. The bechamel cheese sauce is delicious. Paired with the pickled onions and pablano peppers gave it a range of depth. If given the choice again, I would have gone with the crab cakes. . . The desserts changes ever day depending on what the chef chooses. We got the deep dish banana cream pie. The Frangelico cream only gives hints of the alcohol. The surprise comes from the contrast in textures. The dense custard differs from the soft cream which compliments the bananas and praline disk on top. I am a huge fan of Bobby Flay's desserts. The sticky toffee pudding is not a traditional version, but it is so good. I also like the strawberry shortcake. Pastry changes their offerings seasonally, so keep an eye out for these dishes.
The food was excellent. But the wait staff could use a brush up on service skills. Our waiter forgot my iced tea and I had to ask another server for it. He was more than happy to get it but our waiter was no where to be found. Green chili burger and swordfish club were excellent.
We ate here before a show on my first trip to Vegas.  I loved it.  Sweet Potatoes Au Gratin was tasty. Loved the "house" margarita.  I am not one for spicy food but my salmon was the right kind of spicy. Had a kick but didn't kill my taste buds so I could not taste anything else.  My sister had the tenderloin and that was good. My husband had the filet and surprisingly he thought it was a bit too spicy for him. (I hardly ever hear him say that.)  Great service. We enjoyed our evening.
So I went here on a whim by myself after winning some dough, and I was not disappointed.  First off, it's less expensive than some of the other restaurants on the Strip, but it is far from cheap just to let you know.  I ordered a margarita, with my choice from a bewilderingly long list of tequilas, with some kind of other liqueur in it, which was pretty good, but definitely don't get the shot of liqueur... couldn't taste the difference.  . . But that steak I ordered?  Rubbed with chipotle flavored seasoning, and red and green chile sauce?  Uhh- mazing.  And not as expensive as a steak at STK or the like.  I had some awesome spicy collard greens with it as well, which required me to devour that delicious jalapeno cornbread that came with it.. . All in all?  Try this place.  It's not crazy expensive, but it is crazy good.
My husband and I went to Mesa Grill for dinner last weekend. Besides the bartender who gave me major attitude for asking for sugar free Redbull (after pouring 2 guys' to-go cups of beer into rocks glasses for them, I didn't think my request was such a big deal) our experience was great.. Mmmm cactus pear margarita. . The bread basket was really yummy, I actually couldn't stop eating it!!. For starters, I had the sweet potato soup. Oh my god. My husband had the tacos and he had food envy for sure. Tacos were definitely delicious but TINY!! 3 of them could be eaten in 6 bites or less. The soup was absolutely incredible with the maple cream and marcona almonds...highly recommend.. We shared the romaine salad, very good and not overdressed. Yummy cheese crisp in the middle. . I had the filet mignon for dinner, perfectly medium rare and very very yummy. Spicy chipotle coating, which was not overpowering.. Husband had the pork tenderloin - then it was my turn for food envy - wow. Extremely delicious, the sauce was to die for.. Coconut cake for dessert, skip it. It was totally dry and tasteless. I was very sad because I love coconut cake. Eh.. Would definitely go back!. As an FYI, most of the recipes that the restaurant uses are in Bobby Flay's cookbook...I'll be picking that up soon so I can make that soup. Mmmmm. I'm still dreaming about it.
I've always wanted to try Bobby Flay's famous restaurant Mesa Grill but never had the chance till now. After the watching the Celine Dion Concert, we were both starving and my Mom wanted to eat something right away close to the Coliseum and I told her about Mesa Grill which was owned by Celeb Chef Bobby Flay. They say, sometimes he'll be working behind the grill but unfortunately he wasn't there. . . ='(. . But that didn't stop me from enjoying my dinner with Mum, the place is hip and modern just like the rest of Caesars Palace's restaurants and they don't have a strict dress code, just casual to formal. Staff here are top notch in service and the food here is on the $$$ side but I knew that before walking in and ordering our food since there was a big menu with prices outside of the restaurant.. . We ordered:. . 22 oz Bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib-Eye $48.   -side of Mashed Potatoes + Green Chile Queso Sauce $9. . Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon.  - Spicy Black Sauce + Roasted Jalapeno Crema  - $32. . Both of the entrees were excellent and couldn't fault on anything, bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib-Eye was very tender and juicy and included two different sauces hot and mild but I forgot the names. And a side of mashed potatoes, was nothing phenomenal. My mom ordered the Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon and that was a great dish. . . Service here great, not excellent. Our waiter never explained the different sauces I had for my Chipotle Rib-Eye and that took it down one star. Other than that, dinner was lovely and I was glad to finally eat in Bobby Flay's Famous Mesa Grill restaurant at Caesar's Palace.. . Unfortunately I didn't see Bobby Flay grilling his signature steaks in his kitchen. . . Boo!
My husband and I have been here twice now, and have great things to say. I personally loved the Cactus Pear Margarita, queso fundido, and mashed potatoes side with queso. The pork tenderloin is very good and I believe it's their signature dish. I enjoyed it but my husband didn't really care for the sauce it came with so it may not be for everyone. The Veal chop was very good, a little too fatty for me but I am extremely particular about fatty meats, more than most. My husband really enjoyed his rabbit dish during our most recent visit.. My in-laws really liked the salmon and lamb they ordered, they weren't raving about their dishes, but they enjoyed and finished them. If you dine here, definitely order the queso fundido, have a margarita, and MOST DEFINITELY get the mashed potatoes. The next time I dine here, I plan on trying the chicken dish, so I will update my review when I do. FYI, the main dishes don't really come with sides, some have a small meatless tamale and I know the lamb comes with collared greens. The actual sides are sold separately. . Be aware, if you make a reservation you will need a credit card, and if for some reason you miss your reservation, you will be charged $50 for doing so. Be sure to not miss your reservation, or take your chances walking in. This place is on the pricey side, the first time I dined here with my husband we each had 1 drink, shared the queso, I had the pork, he had the veal, and we shared 1 order of mashed potatoes. After tip the bill was $150. When we ate here with the in-laws, our bill including tip was $360. . Each time we left roughly an 18-20% tip, the waiters are very knowledgeable about the menu's and always have recommendations. Very good service! . We will be back, but most likely for a splurge or special occasion.
Was very excited to try this restaurant out. Like some of other reviewers, am a Bobby Flay fan. There were 4 of us in our party - 2 adults & 2 kids under age of 10.. . Menu varies for lunch & dinner. We chose to go for an early dinner - around 5-ish. We were seated right away in the back part of resturant in a round table. Was a nice "view" of the resturant, cooking stations, and other tables. Perhaps a little less noisy than the rest of the place. We were able to talk amongst ourselves just fine. (Even share a bit of conversation wtih members of the table right next to us.). . Adults had the Tuna steak. (I really enjoyed it medium-rare. My husband had it med-well.) The poblano-peppercorn sauce was tasty and married well with the couscus. Our portions were a good size, I thought. We also had an order of the lobster tacos - good flavor. I agree wth Cat P. that the asiago cheese jalapeno bread was the best of all the breads in the bread basket ;-) . . We initially were going to order a couple apps for the kids - but our waiter suggested a burger or cheese burger for them. (Nice touch! And worth the $12 for a grade-A burger w/ fries.)  They enjoyed refillable sodas/lemonaide. While the adults drank tasty margaritas - go ahead, try the signature White peach Margarita!  . . Desert... ah, the finishing touch on a great meal. We shared 2 deserts: toasted coconut cake and banana cream pie. Not too sweet and hit the spot. . . Service notes: Our waitstaff was attentive, knowledgable about the menu, and were delightful with the two kids.. . What we might do differently next time: Say no to the mineral water ($8.50 per bottle was a bit too spendy.). . It was a good meal that came with a price. It could be considered your "big spend" item while visiting. We would consider coming back (just with Adults). . . Save a Margarita for me.....!
The atmosphere here is great for pre-show apps and drinks. The food on the menu is different and modern and tex-mex. I ordered the lobster tacos and quesadilla. It was all really tasty. Pricey though and the tables are so close together that you can literally hear the other table's conversation. In my case it was a son and his mother talking about his divorce and his mother being rude to her son at the table. It was a bit off-putting. Anyhow the food is good and the waiters very friendly and quick to respond to your needs. We made it to our show without a problem. Good food, just move the tables farther apart Bobby Flay.
I wanted to "move in" to a restaurant for dinner and drinks for my traditional "vacation splurge dinner" before the Shania Twain concert and Mesa Grill was the perfect spot. . . We started with a few appetizers and drinks.  We had the tiger shrimp and corn tamale and the blue corn pancake with duck.  I think the duck appetizer was my favorite. The flavors were really good. The tiger shrimp tamale was okay. For drinkage,  I had the house margarita and I believe a cactus/pear cocktail.  The margarita was delicious. One of the best margaritas I've had..EVER. Don't bother getting any other cocktail really...It's a waste of time. . . For entrees, hubby had the spiced rubbed pork tenderloin. It was delicious. It had a nice heat and the meat was tender and juicy.  I had the strip steak cooked medium. It was delicious and cooked perfectly--and HUGE.  I usually order fish, but I thought I would mix things up and I did not regret it. . . The sides were amazing. The mashed potatoes with the queso gravy...Heaven. Pure heaven.  We also had brussel sprouts, which were okay. . . For dessert, I had one of the dessert wines and we shared churros. The churros didn't blow me away. . . The service was outstanding. Plates didn't stay on the table. Water glasses were filled every time you took a sip.  The server was knowledgeable on the menu and made great recommendations. . . I would definitely recommend going to Mesa if you are looking for a great dinner spot on the strip.
Since watching the show " the best I ever had" I have been wanting to come here.. . Bobby Flay does not disappoint.  The bread that they serve while you are waiting for your appetizers are delicious.  We ordered the fondue as an appetizer and it was delicious.  The meal was amazing I definitely recommend to listen to your server on what is good, she was awesome.  Everything that she recommended was delicious.. . The potatoes was creamy and to die for the steaks were juicy and like cutting into butter.  Make this your stop, if you're in Vegas.
So I've been a big fan of Bobby Flay's for a long time. Like before chefs became celebrities. I had a super crush on him (damn you Stephanie March) and was super excited in 2000 when I went to Mesa Grill in 2000. At the time, it was probably one of the best meals I had ever had. Literally. . . Fast-forward some years and I decided to check out the Mesa Grill in Las Vegas. It was a while ago that we went but I had the fish and my husband had a steak. Obviously we drank margaritas. The food was really good, but not exceptional like I recalled. I think they kind of went overboard with the condiments. Although not super authentic, I would say that this is still better quality food than most Mexican places on the strip and would kinda compare it to Rick Bayless.
I've been here several times and every visit has been great.  I highly recommend the 16 spice chicken salad, and the new mexican pork rub tenderloin.  The service is top notch.  Staff very knowledgable about menu and wind pairing, pricing good, and the time between order and delivery is good.  Only downside was the bread basket.  Somewhat bland.
We had a 10pm reservation and were seated promptly and were greeted with happy anniversary wishes. My wife had the rubbed filet with the double baked potato. I had the pork filet with a corn dish on the side. The seasonings and flavors complimented the meat. The house margarita was outstanding as was the pomegranate martini.. Service was attentive and allowed for a relaxing dinner. . We highly recommend for your next trip to Las Vegas.
I am a huge fan of Bobby Flay so I thought I would love this place. I went here for Brunch and I was right, I loved it. In my group of 5 we all had the Spicy Bloody Mary which was good. How can you go wrong right? . . Apps: GOAT CHEESE"QUESO FUNDIDO", SOPHIE'S CHOPPED SALAD (2), SMOKED SALMON + DI L L QUESADILLA, SWEET POTATO SOUP. The Goat Cheese Fundido was the best out of all the app choices, but all still good.. . Entree:  SPICY SCRAMBLED EGGS, RANCH STYLE EGGS TOSTADA, BLUE CORN BUTTERMILK WAFFLE, MESA BURGER (2). My favorite was the Spicy Eggs, holy smokes, I can taste them now. Everyone loved their entrees and demolished the food.. . Be sure to make a reservation for any meal you plan on eating here. Oh and P.S. the bread basket is oh so good. You will be wanting more.
Great food and service.  best if you appreciate spicy food
Very interesting decor, much brighter than the other high-end restaurants in Vegas. Had the tuna steak, it was good but left something to be desired and I can't place my finger on it. Others in our group had the goat cheese fundido, chicken and black bean quesadilla, the blue corn pancake with duck (first time trying duck and they loved it!) NY strip (amazing flavor and spice), pork tenderloin (a little pink for my liking, but my husband couldn't get enough of it), and for dessert we split the churros and the sticky toffee pudding. I could eat the "pudding" all day long - incredible!! It's more like a dense and uber moist cake smothered in toffee sauce. They also have a tequila crema that we've been searching for since we tried it in Mexico - a tequila version of Baileys! Reservations beyond recommended
While in Vegas on a girlfriend reunion we had a light dinner at Mesa Grill! Our server recommended the tamale shrimp  appetizer! You just have to go have it!!! Tamale was divine, could have eaten three as am a big fan of the tamale!!! Cornbread served with, perfect to sop up the creamy goodness of the sauce! Would love to go back to try more of the menu!!! Very upscale/shi- shi  little restauraunt! In Caesars Palace!
Breadbasket was amazing little to good because I think I got filled up on the bread :(. Started out with the shrimp and tamale was really good and the sauce was excellent. also the scallop was cooked to perfection. I was to stuffed the appetizer was a decent size for my entree I got the lobster tacos $20 pretty pricey 3 small tacos nothing special at all. one thing that did stand out was the side of creamed corn a must !
I love steak and I ordered the Rib Eye Steak Bone In. It was made Good; I think I could have done better myself; I ordered medium rare as I have been my whole life but this steak was like 2 minutes on each side I think on a super hot grill. So the outside was kind of deceiving; looked really good but there was still blood dripping; I understand Medium Rare but Rare is not the business. I mean I probably would try it again but not during a busy weekend.  Not 5 Star at all.
Located in Caesar's Palace.  I found that I loathed Caesar's, but loved this restaurant.  Pork tenderloin was awesome.  My 24-year-old son was having a foodgasm over the chicken (Oh my God, this is the most tender chicken I've ever had!).  My husband was a bit disappointed with his quesadilla, said it lacked chicken.  Bread basket, amazing.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the white peach margarita, too sweet and I spent $14 on it.. . Service was terrific, decor was vivid.  They were kind enough to move our reservation at the last minute from 6:15 to 5:30.  My son is a big Bobby Flay fan and our server took time to discuss with him Bobby's visit to the restaurant a week earlier.. . Good place to visit in Vegas.
The tiger shrimp tamale is to die for.  I literally ordered one as an app and one for lunch.  It's slightly deconstructed, and the sweet corn on it is delicious.  I'm not a dessert person either, but the chocolate "pudding" is the best dessert ever.  It's more of a cake with salted caramel and ice cream - insanely good, can't wait to go back and order both again!!
We came here because my mom is obsessed with Bobby Flay, so naturally, we ate at his restaurant.. Though it was very heavily priced, the food & experience was worth it. It felt like just another restaurant since we were in a heavily tourist-concentrated area, but for my mom, it was great. I ordered a burger (forgot which) that came with fries and honey dijon mustard sauce. The burger tasted like any other high-end burger that I might order, but the fries were so good. Perfectly crispy and salted to my liking, with some kind of herb sprinkled throughout them. I don't know whether the sauce was supposed to be for the fries or for the burger, but I used it on both and they both were delicious. . Would come here again if I won jackpot at a casino or something. Otherwise, it's too pricey for my wallet to handle. I would recommend this for good food and good interior decor, but not sure if it's worth the money you pay for your meal.
I like it, food is interesting, there are muffins served with brunch that are very tasty, burgers are good, but Michelin star rated? I don't get that.
Bacchanal line was too long! But this was a great back-up. You get served some complimentary carbs to start--coffee cakes, jalapeno bread, blue cornbread, etc. The fresh-squeezed orange juice was delightful. Blue corn-crusted halibut was simple and great. Clean taste with a bit of a kick. Capers and grape tomatoes in the sauce. Mmm... the boy ordered goat cheese and jalapeno scrambled eggs with honey ham. The ham was very juicy and soft.. . The entire meal, all my bf and I could say is "that's interesting." Such an interesting mix of flavors all around, which I guess is expected of this kind of restaurant. The service was great. I think the brunch menu is rather simple, so in reality I'm giving 3.5 stars (rounding up because it was a pleasant meal all around) but I'd definitely like to try their lunch and/or dinner menu, which is probably more of an experience.
went here just because of the name associated it with it. The environment is good, nice helpful staff. the food was delicious, but stating that, i probably won't go back. To me it wasn't a place to come back over and over again, one try was enough, lets try other restaurants around.
The rabbit!
Sat down starving from the trip in to Vegas and was greeted by a wonderfullly friendly wait staff that knew thier menu inside and out- I love that!  The bread baskets are a meal in themselves since each type of bread is delicious you have to try them all.  Ordered the salmon which could easily be the best meal I've ever had in Vegas and maybe the U.S.  Pricing is steep but no steeper than any other dining establishment in Vegas.  If you're in town make it a point to go there.
A solid 4.5...just shy of a 5.. . My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs). . Go or No?  Go!. . Tease:   Iron Chef Bobby Flay's Southwestern restaurant in Caesar's Palace (right by their sportsbook). . Why I went:  Because I am a fan of Flays!. . When:  11/18/12. . Food:  I had the Mesa Burger...I was craving a high quality burger for lunch as we were there early in the afternoon.  We had a total group of 4 dining.  Other entrees included the grouper, pulled pork sandwich, and bacon quesadilla.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  A number of us also enjoyed their amazing and spicy Bloody Mary's!  I've eaten here a number of times.  Every time, I really have enjoyed my meals!  The flavors are so vibrant and interesting.  Things can be spicy, so if you like that...you'll love Mesa Grill!    Basically the food & drinks are delicious!. . Service:   Mike P was our server, and he did a fine job.  . . Hints/Final thoughts:   The food here is really super tasty!  However, the only real complaint is that a lot of the dishes are not changeable.  Given many marinades, sauces, and preparation...apparently, they can't make many substitutions.  For my wife, who can't eat cilantro, this made ordering a little difficult.  They will try, but sometimes there can't be much done.
I am always willing to try celebrity chef restaurants to see if they're genuinely decent.  This one was. The wait wasn't terrible, the ambiance was warm, earthy and classy, very warm and comfortable. Went here for a special occasion, was seated with a reservation around 7 I believe within a reasonable few minutes. The cheddar or asiago cranberry bread in the assorted basket was yummy. The cactus something sweet unsweetened tea was amazing! The portions were more than generous. Try the sweet potato tamale and the chipotle pork tenderloin or the bascobel blackberry sauce grilled lamb. It made it exciting to try the burger bar a few months later when we visited NYC.
Four of us dined on a Thursday night. For apps we had spicy chicken quesadilla and chicken skewers, both delicious. Our dinners were pork tenderloin, halibut, and rabbit. The pork was spicy but fabulous, the tamale was just ok. Rabbit, also spicy was delicious and the halibut was not spicy but beautifully cooked. We had churros for desert, they melted in your mouth. We will definitely return to try more of the menu.
Chicken quasidilla was good
Excellent service and food!!!. . But be warned almost everything is very spicy, including the bread!!
Good: YES  . . Great: NO. . Decor: interesting, colorful, a little in your face and a little tiresome over the course of a meal.. . Service: friendly, happy, a little too much, over-the-top, bordering on annoying.. . Food: MOST IMPORTANT !!!. . White Tiger Shrimp Tamale appetizer: original,  well-executed, quality ingredients, however surprisingly salty - weird as I like salt.. . Squash Blossoms with Mango Chile Sauce: good texture, crispy, visually appealing, however the blossom itself was a little bland and the sauce a little cloyingly sweet.. . Pork Tenderloin in Ancho Chile Bourbon Sauce: with two complimentary sauces and a sweet corn tamale on the side: LIKE BUTTER !!! The tenderloin was buttery, moist and decadent. Again the sauce was a little too sweet but offset by the red pepper sauce droplets and the cilantro oil. The tamale was tiny and delicious.. . Dessert: Banana Creme Pie on steroids - gorgeous banana creme mousse piped between two hazelnut toffee thin cookies, which covered beautifully thinly sliced bananas. Gorgeous, artistic and tasty.. . Also! wonderful margaritas - excellent balance of sweet, salty, acidic and beauty in presentation.. . Would I try this again? Hard call as there are so, so many choices in Viva Las Vegas.
I ordered the rabbit, which was cooked really well. I like the couscous that came with it. Very tasty. You have to get thw roast corn side dish. It was my favorite.  We also had a lobster taco appetizer, which were mini tacos, but thw flavor was good.
A solid 4 star..... Terrific environment and energy level. Service was quite good right from the hostess through the busser. Although our waiter may have been rushing us  alittle ? Really not a big deal. . The highlights at our table included : glazed ribeye, coffee rub filet and the squash blossoms were divine. . Not as great was the goat cheese queso fundito ( we love goat cheese and found it bland. ) and the lobster tacos were too small to deliver any discernable flavor. The cactus blossom marguerita was fun and tasty.. Made a reservation for 4 Saturday afternoon and got right in at 7pm.. We were staying there at Caesars in July 2013.. Overall... the food is fun, bright, good portions and delivers what they advertise and believe in.... As for price...expect $100 per person with drinks, apps and entree.. We feel by Vegas standards MESA  delivered more for the  money than many other dining choices you could make and we'll be back!
Stopped in for brunch to give food network some love and had a good meal. 3.6 stars. . Food: 4, atmosphere: 3.5, service: 2.5. Cost to worth it rating:  3 (most brunch entrees around $16). Return worthiness: maybe. . Highlights: . - Egg tostada: liked this a lot mainly because of the ancho chili sauce. It was smokey, dark, and sweet. Love that the eggs were just lightly scrambled and airy. Also enjoyed the crispy fried tortilla on the bottom and dug that the layer of white cheddar lined the tortilla instead of traditionally being draped on the top. Was a huge portion however. I feel like they used 8 eggs just for the one dish!. . Midlights:. - Bread: just ok. I didn't think the corn muffin had much flavor. I liked blueberry coffee cake square the best . - Pork sandwich: expected more bold flavors from the pork itself but the crispy panini bread was very good. . Lowlights:. - Service: not very attentive--had to wait a while for our order to be taken . . Liked my brunch dish and would consider coming back.
The lamb was cooked perfectly I just didn't feel the composition of flavors was as good on my dish as the others at the table. Th tiger shrimp tamale appetizer, ribeye, blue corn halibut and salmon were very delicious.
Went here last weekend for my birthday dinner- the chicken quesadilla and duck tacos with blue corn tortillas were good. The lime margarita tasted like pure lime, but the cactus pear margarita was very good.
Like a lot of other people, I discovered this place by watching the Best Thing I Ever Ate on the Food Network. As a Latina, I'm kind of a tamale snob so when I saw this on TV, I had to try it. I walked in heels to Caesar's Palace from Treasure Island, and of course showed up with bloody, blistered feet. However, the tamale was so good that it entirely made up for it. And my waiter brought me a bandaid. God bless him!
It's all about the spice-rubbed pork loin.  For most celebrity restaurants it's been hit or miss for me, but with one dish Mr. Flay's Mesa Grill exceeded all my expectations.  Not only was it by far the best example of pork loin I've ever had but proved enough justification for my girlfriend to declare that she'd chosen poorly (like the Nazi treasure hunter in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade).  Not to demean her choice of meal options, but when you've found the one, the one thing you know in heaven or on Earth that'll complete you--be it a Indy-quoting twenty-year-old or a succulent cut of pork--you truly shouldn't accept any substitutes.
White peach margaritas...need I say more?  Some friends and I enjoyed cocktails and appetizers at the bar prior to our group dinner at Empress Court.  Wish we could have just stayed and eaten dinner at Mesa Grill instead!  Super friendly bartenders too!
Another restaurant where I celebrated my birthday. Located across from Pure inside Caesar's Palace. It's a very colorful place and Bobby Flay's dishes are just as colorful and beautifully plated.. . Rough Cut Tuna Nachos:. Mango puree,  habanero hot sauce and avocado crema. Sweetness of the mango + spicy hot sauce + creamy avocado. Mmmmm...4.5/5. . Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: . I've been having a hard time finding good tamales in Vegas.  This is an interesting version. Perfectly cooked shrimps with a hint of garlic. 4/5. . Goat Cheese Queso Fundido:. Comes with blue corn chips. I love goat cheese. This queso fundido had the right amount of ooey-gooey cheesey goodness. We finished this in a few minutes. 4.5/5. . Yucatan Style Grouper with Blue Crab Succotash Sauce:. Nothing really exciting going on with this dish. 3/5. . Mesa Burger with Southwestern Home Fries:. Good and well-seasoned burger.  It has double cheddar cheese, tomatoes and caramelized onions. The fries were crisp and flavorful and comes with a horseradish mustard. 4/5. . Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon: . Comes with spicy black bean  sauce and roasted jalapeno crema. Not the prettiest piece of salmon I've seen, ours looked like it was burnt. 3/5. . Mango Buttermilk Upside Down Cake: . Comes with rum caramel sauce and mango ice cream.  The cake itself was yummy then add mango ice cream? Sweet! 5/5. . . Deep Dish Banana Cream Pie:. Cream and sliced bananas with praline wafer and hazelnut brittle on top. It was alright. 3/5. . Mexican Chocolate Pudding:. Comes with gingersnap crumble.  Yuck and I mean, YUCK! This would have been a sure-hit for chocoholics like me if it wasn't for the gingersnap crumble and all the spices they added to the chocolate.  It was just too much. 1/5
Had lunch here, really good. Waiters are responsive, but were lacking on refiling my drinks. Overall food is delicious and would definitely come back to try dinner.
I LOVED the food! Came here for my 6 year anniversary dinner with my lover boy and we were very satisfied! The Tiger Shrimp Tamale is TO DIE FOR! Portions are a tad bit small but the taste is amazing! It is very busy and the table we were sat was a 2 seater which is always annoying to me but we actually ended up having a nice conversation with the people next to us who actually recommended we try the tiger shrimp tamale and we were glad we listened.
My friends and I came here for a birthday lunch get together and the service was wonderful. I ordered the tamales which was overpriced but it is from a restaurant so understandable. It was mediocre but the salmon I ordered was delicious !!! My other friends who ordered the burgers were less impressed so I was very happy with my choice. Not to much to choose from the menu for lunch so I recommend coming here for dinner instead.
My love for Bobby Flay is validated. Great food, great service. I had a margarita. It was one of the best I have ever had. I also had the Mesa burger and the caramel chocolate pudding. I didn't want to eat the entire burger but I couldn't stop myself. I would have licked the bowl with pudding, but I don't really believe what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. I wish I had more time here and a bigger capacity for food.
We came here after having Ramsay's Steak at Paris. That might have been our first mistake. We walked in on a Tuesday night at around 9:00 and they told us it would be 45 minutes. So we moseyed on over to Ramsay Pub and Grill and had a beer. We went back for our table and were seating in about 5 minutes. The first thing I noticed was that the waiters- all of them- were men in their 40's or 50's. Seriously. Such a lack of diversity isbizarre. Doesn't seem like a coincidence. Our server was nice, but not very helpful. We got the usual that everyone else on Yelp orders: tuna nachos, shrimp tamale and pork tenderloin. The food was all delicious, but not "spectacular" and I wanted it to knock my socks off. Maybe since we had Ramsay's the night before, my expectations were too high? Hubby had a margarita, that was probably the most exciting part of the meal. I would like to come back and try lunch or brunch, as I saw some interesting items on the menu, plus not too many celebrity chef's restaurants do lunch.
The ambiance is good. . . Our reservation was for 8:30pm. We were brought to the bar for drinks because we were a bit early. Within a few minutes we had drinks in our hands and were being shuffled off to our table.. . The food is good. Specifically the pork tenderloin and heirloom salad. A bit pricey given the servings, but I guess it's to be expected at a celebrity restaurant.
During my visit we dined here late on Saturday Night and was sat 20 minutes after getting our named onto the waiting list. . . We were sat in the rear of the restaurant and meet one of the nicest servers we had during our trip. After a little light conversation we found out she loved our state and was veryfound of some of our home towns, which made the meal that much better of an experience. . . Braised rabbit was fantastic and cooked to order with no issues. The tartar ahi tuna we started with was a little too small to share with our group of four, so I do recommend taking another appetizer or side salad as a starter. I sampled a piece of steak from a friend and it was perfectly seasoned and had a spicy taste I was not expecting to find on a simple steak. . . The wine selection and beer selection is fairly priced compared to similar restaurants.  . . Overall a great experience, but not for a bachelor parties loud drunken antics, this location is more suited for a quiet or light date like conversation not our bantering.... Still with that in mind the experience was pleasant - 4 stars.
I've always loved watching bobby cook on FoodNetwork. So I was super excited to have an opportunity to eat at his restaurant in Vegas. His margarita was delicious. I ate ancho- chile salmon cooked medium with a side of spinach. Everything was cooked to perfection. Just the right balance of heat and favors. Highly recommend.
Love the food, many dishes are extraordinary. Squash blossoms are fantastic. Service is unsurpassed. Why a 4?. . Getting a table is difficult. Last 3 times we tried the next seating's were 3 hours later. Not their fault, just a popular place. Even reservations 4 days in advance are tough. It is disappointing to inquire about seating and be quoted a 3 hour deal with 1/2 the tables empty waiting for reservations. . . Congratulations on one of the best eateries in LV, and in the top 5 I've ever visited.. . Can't wait to go back.
You have seen Bobby Flay on TV. You have wondered if he can actually cook. Well Mesa Grill answers that with a resounding, "yes".. . Flay is known for his big and bold flavors and that is certainly what you get here. It is pretty amazing how he can put just the perfect amount of spice. Its not overwhelming, but has a little bit of a kick to it. Ive had all different kinds of dishes here and all have been good. Plus extra points for the sticky toffee pudding desert.. . Plus Mesa Grill is not crazy expensive either. Well, everything in Vegas is expensive. So this is not wallet breaking expensive. Just kinda expensive. :P. . Mesa Grill always lands on my list of places I recommend to others. And I recommend it to you too... whoever you are.
I gave this place a solid 4 stars for lunch. I love menus that are INTERESTING. No lack of creativity here.. . Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale:. This one's a no-brainer. Best part of the meal. A "Best Things I've Ever Ate" feature on the Food Network.. . Spicy Chicken + Sweet Potato Hash (w/ poached egg):. I got this because it looked interesting, but not exactly sure how the flavors would compliment each other. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't "love". The egg didn't do a lot for me on this dish. If the combination above sounds like it will go great to you, then you'll probably love this dish. . . Blue Corn Tortilla + Barbecued Duck:. Again, it sounded so interesting I had to get it. I'm glad I did, but I didn't fall in love like the Tiger Shrimp Tamale. If it sounds good to you, it will probably be worth it.
Move out of the way Gordon Ramsey,  Bobby Flay is now in the palace..  I was in love with the decor of the place and the atmosphere of when I stepped into this place.. . Spicy chicken with sweet potato hash: it was so good and the spicy level was on point. There were two big about one cup size of sweet potato hash with poached eggs on top. The entree presentation was amazing and I feel all presentation really brings out my appetite. I highly recommend this dish. . . Pulled pork sandwich: The sandwich was made perfectly and had just the right amount of crunch from the bread. This meal came with seasoned fries and it was quite delicious . . Salmon Entree: The piece of salmon was just simply amazing. It had the right amount of sauce and seasoning that the fish just melts in your mouth. I chose to have it well done and it was just the perfect salmon. . . Also, for starters they provided free bread and it was not just cheap white bread. It was home made muffins, mini corn muffins, and different type of bread. This place really does set a high standard because food presentation and quality. . . I was fortunate to try this place for free but with the prices it is a pricy place to eat. For vegas, I think its definitely a place to try especially since it from one of the chefs I enjoy watching on the food channel.
Ate here after the 1/2 marathon!  Here's the rundown of the dishes I ate, and what I thought: (First off, a well-deserved cocktail:  I had a margarita, of course!  It was good.). . Bread basket - I only ate one slice since I didn't want to ruin my meal, but I thought the bread was average - the butter they served with it was noticeably good, though.. . Appetizer - 'Rough Cut Tuna Nachos':  I have no idea what is 'nacho' about this appetizer, but if you like tuna tartare you will love this appetizer.  The capers, the mango puree, the little chips they served to scoop it up with - all super delicious.  The tuna was high quality.. . Entree - 'Coffee-Rubbed Filet Mignon' - delicious!  My steak was cooked perfectly, was a great cut of meat, and the coffee and ancho chile on the outside really added a lot of flavor.  This was a big win for me.. . Side - 'Fresh Corn Tamale + Jalapeno Pesto Butter' - I was not a fan of this.  The tamale was not very moist, and basically tasted like a plain corn tamale that you would get at any regular Mexican restaurant - I didn't really get any flavor from the jalapeno pesto butter that was on it, either.. I can't believe I paid ten bucks for a crappy plain tamale!  . . Dessert - 'Churros' - not so great.  These churros were pretty weak - they were not fluffy, there was no slightly gooey center and crispy outer.  The sauces were also not very good - there was barely any sauce served with the churros (dunking was impossible) and neither of the sauces had strong (or notable) flavor - I would have preferred one small creamer pot of good mexican chocolate for dipping.. . Service was very good - our waiter had the right frequency of checking in, and was very tolerant of us being one of the last people in the restaurant.. . Really, I want to give Mesa Grill 3 or 3.5 stars because of the inconsistency in quality of dishes across all parts of dinner, but on the strength of the appetizer and main dish, I will go ahead and give them 4 stars..  I found the pricing to be appropriate to slightly on the high side (but not so expensive where I felt like the food was overpriced).
Came here with my best friend Peyton.  We made the reservation a month earlier.  One thing I didn't care for was the fact that they charge $100 if you don't show for your reservation even though there is a long line to get in.  . The food was great.  We split the t-bone and pork.  Both were cooked perfectly.  The prices were very high but that's what you come to expect in Vegas.
What a beautiful restaurant with equally beautiful food! I love the chilies in every dish and the unique offerings and great service ensure that Mesa Grill will be a classic even as new restaurants pop up on the strip.. . Hubby had the sweet potato and spicy chicken egg dish; I swear his eyes lit up when he took the first bite.The visual presentation matched his look of delight; I've never seen such perfectly cooked eggs! I sampled some of the sweet potatoes (Not a huge egg fan) and found them to be delicious as well. He also ordered a Bloody Mary that is apparently as spicy as it promises to be!. . For a foodie, I can be pretty picky, and there wasn't much on the brunch menu that didn't include eggs, save a waffle dish and some sandwiches. I was a little disappointed by this, but I forged ahead and ordered a burger. The burger was good and the fries were also very good. But at the end of the day, as good as it was, I had a burger. Womp womp.. . The highlight, for me, was the sweet bread basket that introduced our meal. Jalepeno bread, corn bread, pumpkin bread, fruit scones. I am still dreaming of this bread a day later, I kid you not.. . I can easily see where I would have given the Mesa 5 stars had we come for lunch and dinner.
This place is popular and is cha-ching. So make your reservations in advance if you're in LV on a holiday weekend and don't gamble all your money away bc this place is delicious goodness that you'll want to save the $$ for.. . The hubs and I were able to sneak in for a last minute dinner reservation over the July 4th weekend (it was a mini miracle bc they were totally booked unless we wanted to eat after 10pm. I didnt know if I could handle that - this girl GOTS to eat - so we decided to eat elsewhere. By chance I looked on OpenTable around 6pm that same night and saw a table opened up for 7:45pm and we took it in a snap!).. . We arrived and were quickly seated. The bread basked is totally delicious - I had to refrain from eating all the goodies to save room for the main stars. My husband got the cioppino and I got the pork tenderloin. Both were fantastic but man, oh man, that pork tenderloin was beyond good. I am still thinking about it and how delicious all of that plate was....oh dear, I'm salivating now...losing focus..... . Summary - Get here now. Stuff belly. Be happy.
Dined here with the family during our last visit to Vegas. Food is great! The waitstaff is extremely attentive and knowledgeable. A must restaurant to go to while visiting Las Vegas.. . I've always been a Bobby Flay fan and wanted to go here. The waiter was on point with his recommendations. He turned us on to the best margarita I have ever had. It's a Partida blanco margarita. It had fresh lime juice and agave for sweetener. It was amazing. So much in fact that I looked high and low to find that tequila upon my return to Jersey. Luckily I found it.. . We had a few minor temperature issues with the steak but they fixed it and even took it off the bill without me even mentioning it. That in itself will make me return there when I return. . . Now I'm hungry...
The wife and I were in Vegas for a few days, and we always enjoy indulging in some of their great restaurants when we visit.  We had both been to Mesa Grill once before for lunch, but we decided to visit for dinner this time around.  For anyone that doesn't know, Mesa Grill is one of Bobby Flay's restaurants, and is located inside the Caesar's Palace Hotel.  . . We made a reservation for 8:15, and the place was hopping when we arrived.  Living in St. Louis, I'm not used to restaurants being packed at this time, but this is par for the course in Vegas.  We were seated quickly after we arrived, more towards the back of the restaurant.  The table we had was pretty small, and was close to a few other tables.  It wasn't bad, but you could tell they were trying to get as many tables in there as possible.  I don't blame them, but I'm just stating how things are set up.. . The food here is more of a southwestern/mexican style.  They offer several different appetizers and salads, but we decided to skip out on these. They do bring out some bread, which includes a cheesy type with a hint of jalapeno, corn muffins, and wheat bread.  The bread was outstanding.  I could have eaten several pieces, but I didn't want to get too full.  For our meals, I ordered the veal chop, while my wife ordered the tuna steak.  Mine came with a blue cheese type of tamale.  I thought everything was great.  Lots of flavor in every bite.  I tried my wife's food and hers was excellent as well.  We decided to order dessert, and got a pumpkin pie type of dessert.  It had caramel on top, and it was excellent.  Overall, I thought Mesa Grill was a great choice for dinner in Vegas.  I've been to a few of Bobby Flay's restaurants, and have been impressed each time.  Dinner for two here will cost you around $100.  I'm sure we'll be back here at some point.
My husband and I came here a few years ago, and decided to try it again to see if it was as good as we remembered. Verdict? It was even better! This is one of Bobby Flay's restaurants located inside Caesar's Palace, and man, he puts some awesome dishes on the menu!. . For all you carb fans, the bread basket here is fantastic! It's filled with jalapeno sourdough, cornbread muffins, and raisin bread. Many of the appetizers looked good, but after seeing the portions of other entrees coming out, my husband and I thought we would try to save any extra room we had for dessert instead. . . The last time I came here, I ordered the cornmeal encrusted chili relleno, and though it was excellent (and the prettiest chili relleno I ever saw on a plate), I wanted to try something new this time. I opted for the mango spice encrusted tuna steak served on a bed of couscous with mango chunks and pine nuts. Holy deliciousness, Batman! The flavors of this dish just explode in your mouth!. . My husband ordered a veal chop, which was equivalent to the size of his head. No joke... check the pictures I posted. It came with a side of blue cheese smashed tamale, which was both interesting and tasty.. . What little room we saved for dessert, we decided to go with something seasonal... pumpkin! So we ordered a pumpkin tartlet topped with a scoop of pumpkin ice cream and a dulce de leche sauce. We were both happy we saved room for that. :). . I would not hesitate to come here a third time after two wonderful dining experiences. Thanks, Bobby!
One of the best meals in  Las Vegas. Tried corn pancake with duck, tiger shrimp tamale and lobster tacos for appetizers. All of them were great, you can appreciate how all the ingredients come together. For main course, I ordered lamb chops. Probably, the best lamb I have ever tried. The decor could be a bit more interesting. Service was good.
Some folks are too tied to the fact that a celebrity chef is behind an eatery. Some will go just because a chef they like is behind it, and other refuse. Forget all of that crap. Go here because the food is fantastic.. . Right on the casino floor, Mesa Grill is right behind Ceasar's huge sports book area, adjacent from the popular Pure night club. Behind its huge glass windows you'll find amazing upscale southwestern food. Tons of flavor (lots of peppers, spices) and a very nice variety. . . First off, dig into that bread basket as it has some killer cornbread in it.. . Must-try items:. goat cheese fundido -- c'mon. how are you not going to not love this?. Pork Tenderloin -- amazing. CRAZY good. shrimp and grits -- satisfying. Tiger shrimp tamale -- tasty. Blue corn pancakes -- delicious and fun. Roasted corn -- it's a side dish, but really hits the spot.. . I tried the dessert churro and didn't dig it, but otherwise, very good food!. . One thing: Nothing here is mild. If you're on, say, a date, and want to avoid spicy, bold food, this may not be the best place for you.
Will write a short one before going more into details. . . A must try if you're into a little spice and heat to your meal.  Even though you don't know who this celebrity chef is.  Go for the flavor. Your tastebud will thank you.
Goat cheese fundido really well done with interesting flavors. Margaritas on point. Party of three--2 green chile cheeseburgers and smoked shrimp tacos. Burgers very good, smoked shrimp tacos made me mad I got out ordered.
I had family in from out of town, so even though I've been sick I wanted to spend some quality time with them. Took them to Mesa, my Aunt really wanted a Bobby Flay special dish. She loves to watch those shows. . She ordered the pork tenderloin and it was unanimously the best item at the table. . I ordered the scallops and they were good, but I really enjoyed the sweet potato side dish. It was very flavorful. Quite impressive, considering I usually don't much care for sweet potato dishes. . Other standout items were the Tiger shrimp. I traded one of my scallops for one and it was an excellent trade. . Because my Aunt and I were both eating Gluten free they brought out some blue corn chips for us while the others noshed on bread. It was a nice touch. . . Service was excellent and the decor is nice.
I ordered the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash for brunch. It was very different. The sweet potato was not soft enough but the spicy chicken was tender and the sauce was good, which made it taste better and balanced it. I also tried the Mesa burger which I enjoyed very much and the fries were seasoned well.
I wasn't expecting very much from this place considering it is Southwest style food... I mean how good can southwest style food get? Apparently, pretty darn good when Bobby Flay is behind it!. . We ordered a bottle of Spanish Rioja and started with the Rough Cut Tuna "Nachos" this was essentially a tuna tartare with Southwest Flavors and eaten with chips, it was very good! . . I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, which is supposively a Bobby Flay signature dish. The flavors were nice, a little spicy but to be honest it was undercooked... They said it's supposed to be served rare, but this was pretty undercooked for pork in my opinion. I wouldn't order this particular dish again and would exercise caution if you don't like rare pork. . . I would definitely come back, the rest of the menu looked great and the service was pretty good, a lil slow but we were sitting in the bar/lounge area.
Service was great, we were greeted as we walked in and immediately taken to our table without any wait whatsoever. This is what I expect when we put down a $100 deposit to keep our reservation, the promise to show on time has to be honored by both parties right? We were greeted along the walk to our table and our server immediately introduced herself to us. She was very pleasant with taking our order, timing was perfect for the intervals between each visit to the table. She wished my fiancee a happy birthday multiple times (I mentioned it when I made the reservation).. . We started trying some bread from the basket. I personally loved the jalapeno bread, not every bite had chunks of jalapeno in it, but every bite had the flavors. The blue corn bread was also good. I tried the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. When it first came out I thought the portion of meat was a bit smaller than I expected, however as I progressed through the meal, the portion was actually perfect and I typically eat a decent volume of food. The meat was cooked perfectly, so juicy. The side of sweet potato tamale was ok, didn't add much to the dish though. My fiance had the coffee rubbed filet mignon. The meat was tender and well seasoned, although the coffee taste was very very subtle if noticeable at all. The mushrooms in the sauce added to the flavors. She also had a white peach margarita, this was delicious. Has the tartness you would expect from a margarita but the added aromas of white peach made it much more enjoyable. . . Decor was fitting for the southwestern style that Bobby is known for. We wanted to try this place since it's the only US location open as of now, ever since the flagship in NY had been recently displaced. However, considering all the other celebrity chefs that have restaurants available in LV, we probably will not be back anytime soon until we've had the opportunity to experience some of the other options. Worth 1 try though!. . TIP: only come if you have made reservation, otherwise the wait seemed to be quite long as we walked out from our meal.
Flavor... thy name is Flay.  I ate here twice within 24 hours - a Sunday brunch and dinner the next day.  I thought the Scarpetta bread basket was good, but holy crap. The one they serve on weekends is bigger, but Best Bread Basket Ever.   I ordered the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash on Sunday and the pan-roasted shrimp with risotto on Monday night.  I'm not kidding... the sweet potato hash was one of the best things I've eaten... and the risotto... oh my.  Bobby Bobby Bobby... I think I love you.
Mesa honestly blew my expectations out of the water. Usually celebrity chefs disappoint. Not in the case of Mr. Flay and his great staff. Service gets 5 stars. Food was amazing. If you are there for lunch I highly recommend the shrimp tacos and the honey glazed salmon. Thanks Bobby and staff!
We ordered the tiger shrimp appetizer, which was good, but it only came with four shrimps (albeit big ones), so that was a bit disappointing. For the entrees, we got the pork tenderloin, which was amazing. Super tender and flavorful, and it came with a yam mash. We also got the rabbit, which was surprisingly really good, because I was never too fond of rabbit meat. We also got the salmon, which was good not great, and we also got the 22oz steak, which was good, but it didn't come with anything else like mashed potatoes or anything. So having a huge steak with nothing to go with it was kinda not great, so we got a side of spinach, which was pretty good for nothing but spinach. We also got a baked potato, which was super different from your standard baked potato. It was in between mashed and baked, really soft. It had TONS of flavor; the flavor of horseradish was a bit strong but it was really good.
I came here twice so far one for brunch and the other for dinner. I was pleasantly surprised by the fusion of American, Mexican, and Bobby flay all in one dish. There were some hits and misses but overall this is a place that me and the fiance would like to frequent more often. I have yet to try their burger but the fiance likes it very much. I tried their famous blue corn pancake barbequed duck, It was quite a long time ago so I dont remember the flavors distinctly but I was not impressed (obviously if I can't even remember how it tasted) It was forgetable at best. I do remmeber the Bacon Hash Brown quesidilla being scrumptious however and we ravaged the dish. Recently I had the sweet potato Hash, it was a mix of spicy and sweet mixed in one. It wasn't the type of spicy I particularly like ( it was more of a Kick type of spicy). I give it four stars despite the misses because the taste is innovative and unique to the palette so its quite enjoyable.
The service was exceptional, but you should make a reservation even on a Monday at 5.  The shrimp tamale appetizer was amazing with the best sauce I've ever tasted.  The pork tenderloin was very perfect and tender, but it's a bit on the spicy side, so only get it if you like it with a kick.  After that, we were full, so we didn't get to try dessert.  Great place to try in Vegas that is pricey but not heart-stoppingly so.
