just got back from Vegas for New Year's, so it's time to begin the barrage of reviews of my second time in Sin City.. . Mirage is a pretty bitchin' hotel. it has a great location in the center of The Strip. rooms were a little classy, fairly large, and the beds were comfortable. not a fan of them automatically tacking on a $15/day resort fee (which is soon going up to 20 or 25), but it's not overly expensive anyway. it also covers wifi, which is pretty cool.. . the buffet I'll save for it's own review, but to summarize: jawesome.. . The Sports Bar (yes, that's the name of it) has a sick deal, $10 for 32 ounces of beer. signed me the fuck up for that one.. . the casino area is very nice and clean, doesn't smell of smoke like some other ones, and the games are varied. crowd is very varied here.. . was kind of let down that the pool was closed, but it's winter anyway, so no biggie.. . I would stay here again.
I was so ready to spend it big on The Wynn when a nice deal from The Mirage caught me off guard.. And it was so worth it.. . Spent New Year's Eve and a few days before for a hell of a deal. Best hotel decision I've ever made.. I've stayed at the Imperial Palace last time and I really loved the proximity of not being too far away from anywhere on the Strip (well, MGM-area doesn't count, that place beyond there is dead) so I was more into finding a cleaner hotel in that area.. . But I'm talking about lights, nightclubs, free attraction shows, this is where it's at! The heart of the strip! And damn right, The Mirage was the perfect hotel! I checked in way sooner than I was supposed to arrive because of weather issues and flight delays in the East Coast, so my original request of being on a high floor with a straight view of the Strip was somewhat not honored and ended up on the 9th where all I could look down on was a huge glass ceiling. Boo hoo. At first, I was really upset since I've called twice to make sure I'm on a higher floor prior to checking in. It's not so bad though, since a lot of people checked in that day and I still got a view of the strip and large fires from the Volcano regardless, if only it wasn't all black down there. But my hotel room was a LONG walk from the elevators.. . As soon as I walked up to my room, I already felt welcomed in there. The room was absolutely gorgeous! Had all the amenities there, EXCEPT sandals and showercaps. But the guy who brought me those ammenities was real nice about it. VERY soft pillows, had to stack the pillows up to sleep since I have neck pain (I suggest those of you who have neck pains like me do the same). Clean bathrooms, free wifi (if you're a guest), mirrored windows, flatscreen tv, and even an iHome dock! But what I loved MOST about it was the desk chair. You can lean back all the way you want, it's still solid on the floor, baby. . . Honestly, the rooms are really far from the entrance to the Strip street. Pass by poker tables, strippers, and lots of smoke. That Revolution lounge is gorgeous, by the way. The front of the hotel is gorgeous though, very calming and relaxing by the waterfalls. Since I stayed for New Year's Eve, they gave a complimentary autograph (no preprinted stuff A-list celebrities like Cameron Diaz, Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep and Tom Cruise's secretaries give out) signed by Terry Fator and chocolates! . . By the way, they check your room key at night so make sure you have a room key with you (why wouldn't you?). The only problem I had when I checked out was they charged me $16x.xx for a 4-night stay, including resort feel,  because I opened the fridge occassionally to put the drinks I bought from outside. Huge WTF. Apparently, the fridge is monitored each time you open the fridge, they charge you, assuming you drank/ate something. Doesn't matter though, they send someone to check if you really took something out.. . Overall, a great hotel and I loved how proximate it is to the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. Very friendly staff as well. You definitely will get your money's worth. I'd definitely come back!
I've always really liked The Mirage but had never stayed there until 2009 when a friend of mine and my daughter took our yearly trip together to Las Vegas.. . I am very happy I got too stay there. We had a great room on like the 20th floor. Our beds were awesome and our view was looking directly at The Venetian and Harrahs. The windows open up here but DONT drink too much and start yelling out the windows because you will have 5 huge security guards break into your room, like we did. No biggy I thought it was funny and it gave me a great story to tell.. . Now we really enjoyed the pool. My daughter was pool crazy so we spent a lot of time down there and I even got in once or twice. The temp of the pool was perfect so I was very happy. The only bad thing that happen at the pool was it was very windy.. . My friend and I spent a lot of time downstairs every evening on the slot machines and I even won. I was playing on a penny machine and was on my very last spin and ended up winning something like 229 dollars. I cashed out and left happy.. . Everytime I come to Vegas I always make it a point to visit The Mirage. This is where I like too do most my gambling and I just really like everything about this place.. . I cant wait to visit again..,.soon!
We a got a good deal on the room and throughly enjoyed it.  We had the basic room with 2 queen beds, nice flat screen TV, great view, no mold, very comfortable bed, very clean.  The kids enjoyed being in the middle of the strip- not to far from any of the entertainment.  The hotel is about as nice as you can get and still have fun with the kids.  The carnegie deli and self serve yogurt were a big hit with the kids.   The sandwiches in the deli were great, but huge- I'm talking about a pound of pastrami on the plate with two pieces of bread.  You have to eat it with a fork.  Nice atmosphere throughout the hotel.  I would be happy to stay here again.
The Mirage was the Standard of all of Las Vegas for many years.  They have updated all the room decor and bathrooms.  A solid 4 star resort that has a little bit of everything.  One of the friendlier kid hotels on the strip with a Dolphin and White Tiger encounter (mini-zoo), easy shops, and fun restaurants from CPK to the House of Blues.  . . The hotel is legendary for it's involvement and helping put high stakes poker on the map.  It was featured in the movie Rounders staring Matt Damon and the legendary Johnny Chan.  The Siegfried & Roy White Tiger show is no more but the Big Cats are still on display in the garden area(s).  The rooms have been redone and resemble Aria Hotels layout and design.  Obviously the parent company felt a need for consistency among it's properties when upgrading.   . . Every hour the Volcano erupts in front of the hotel, there is a large fish tank behind the registration desk, and an incredible atrium in the front of the hotel.  The Mirage is starting to show some signs of wear and tear but it continuously hanging on to a solid 4 star rating.. . Gambling is king here as well as Bellagio and Caesars.  Poker is absolutely the BEST here as all the high stakes games are still being played as featured in Doyle Brunson's Super System Book.  The restaurants are still very good and very expensive.  It's hard to find faults in this hotel as it is still one of the best in Vegas.  With that being said, it has lost some of that magical feeling upon entering the hotel that it once possessed.
I just wrapped up an amazing weekend in Vegas, and I stayed at The Mirage for three nights.. . Overall, The Mirage is one of the better hotels in Vegas.  It's just a step below The Venetian (my favorite hotel in Vegas), but the price is also a bit lower.  If you have the money to go all out, I recommend The Venetian.  If you have a pretty tight budget but still want to experience luxury and comfort, then The Mirage is a great choice. . . Positives: . The price - My average rate for the three nights was $199.  This was during a crazy weekend with CES and AAE going on, so the rate isn't bad at all.  This was $100 lower than the lowest price available at the Venetian (but it was a regular room at the Mirage vs. a suite at the Venetian...). . Rooms - The rooms are starting to show their age, but they are still quite nice.  I also love the beds, and the bathroom amenities are impressive.  . Location - It's in the heart of the strip.  Even if you can't afford to stay at one of the more luxurious hotels like The Venetian and The Bellagio, they are within walking distance.  . Casino floor - They have just about everything you need here including a nice sports book.  You won't have to go anywhere else because there is something for everyone (even high rollers...).  . . Negatives: . Service -  The employees are ok I guess, but I did have a few issues.  During check in, they only had a smoking room available the first night.    It turns out they gave my non-smoking room to someone else since I didn't arrive to the hotel until 8:30 pm, and the hotel was sold out.  They didn't even apologize for this.   Instead, they acted like this happens all the time and were doing me a favor by transferring me to a non smoking room for my second and third nights.  All I needed to do was to call to see if the room was ready, and they would automatically set the key cards to work with my new room.  I'm not usually one to complain so I went with it.   . The next day, I was rushing to get to a show on time, but I also wanted to transfer rooms before heading out for the day.  When I called, they said everything was good to go, but when I got to my room, the key cards didn't work.  It ended up taking about an hour for them to correct the issue, and I was late to my event.  Not cool.... Restaurants - Maybe it's just me, but I was not too impressed with the restaurants in The Mirage.  I tried Cravings (the buffet), Carnegie Delicate, and BLT Burger.  They were all mediocre, and I would never go back.... Bathrooms - These are pretty damn small.... . . I took a few nice pictures of the room, bathroom, and the exterior of the hotel, so check them out. . . The next time I'm in Vegas, I'll check out The Venetian first, but if that doesn't work out, The Mirage will be my next choice.
I'll be honest I've been to Vegas probably 30+ times, but I've only stayed here once. Oh Mirage what are you? What is your theme, your essence, how can I describe you in one word? First of all I don't think anyone can answer those questions because it seems like a mish mosh of Egyptian, oasis, desert, tropical, dark mirror like, old world decor with modern lights, as easy a layout and flood design as they could make it without tearing down walls and such. I'd almost liken it to a frugal man's Bellagio/Caesars Palace. Notice I didn't say poor man's because it's not. It's 4 stars in my book because the beds were comfortable and the rooms were pretty good, but Jet is their club and it's a great place to party, a little confusing to get to the club and the waiting area could be bigger, but it's not too big to where the DJ is lost to the crowd and it's small enough to where meeting people isn't a hassle. The front desk could use some work, but it's a true Vegas designed casino. I read earlier that someone compared Hard Rock to Mirage and my main difference between them is yes Hard Rock is newer and probably more comfortable an experience, but it's more of a Vegas-esque Hard Rock Hotel rather than a hotel designed for Vegas, made by the Hard Rock. Parking is a chore and valet is the way to go. Your room either gets light, tons of light or a little light depending on orientation, the blinds are adequate. The pool is the place to recoup after a night out at Jet, but get a cabana because like most Vegas pools unless your rolling deep and block off an area it can be a mad house of people.
This is one of my favorite places to stay.. . It smells good, its VERY clean, and your ears don't hurt from the sound of slot machines like the Bellagio.. . The rooms are wonderfully decorated with a big 42" panel tv on the wall, and all the connectors on the desk for the business traveller. It was very cool hooking up the laptop to a vga port on the desk and watching netflix in my room as if it were pay perview.. . My ONLY gripe is the room I am staying in, the water pressure sucks..
We got an email offer for $44.00 for a Thursday night and $77.00 for the weekend nights. Bear in mind that nearly all the hotels and resorts are now tacking on a 'resort fee' of $15-$25 per night. For this added tax you get free internet, parking, and can print your boarding pass. Big whoopee, you cannot say, no thank you, it is annoying, why not just slap it on the room rate and be done with it? Despite that, our rate was amazing value and we expected a little room overlooking the parking garage. But no, we had a large room facing the strip and the volcano! The rooms have been refurbished and are airy and stylish whilst feeling comfortable, we were impressed. The bathroom was a little cramped but the free toiletries are lovely and the towels and robes were fluffy and soft. The casino itself is a nice size, not overwhelming, nor poky and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. There are several choices for food and they offer a good range of prices, there should be something for everyone here and if not, then you are in the heart of the strip. We would not have stayed here if not for the deal and now we are glad we did.
First, my complaints:. . 1. Trying to get a hold of anyone at the front desk on the phone was a hassle. I was put on hold automatically by thesystem and had to wait several minutes.. . 2. They absolutely refused to give me a late check out. Not even 1 hour later.. . On the plus side, the hotel was much nicer than I had expected. The room rates were insanely reasonable for the quality and the nice girl at check-in upgraded me to a fantastic suite when I arrived.. . Very convenient access to the strip and walking distance to the Forum Shops at Caesars and the Venetian.
I was pleasantly surprised when we stayed at The Mirage. The room is decent sized... Choices for late night dining... Bathroom kind if small, but try going to Paris or any other European city and see the size of your bathroom. Just sayin, spoiled Americans.. The check in staff.. Awful.. Rude beyond words. The girl acted better than anyone.. & never mustered a smile the entire time.. We were stuck here after flight issues so it's okay for one night.. But that check in girl.. Wow. The hike from check in to elevator.. Long. And no one offered to take bags when we got out of cab. It's the little things.. Location is good... Mid strip.
They've got a tropical forest entrance for starters. You walk in and you take on a jungle atmosphere, mist of the waterfall and all. I love Kokomo's Steak and Seafood which is downstairs. At night, you can look outside your window and they have this dramatic volcano fire show, pretty awesome. Cute hotel and I fancy its location on the strip.
This review is mainly for the Love theater where the AWESOME Beatles Cirque show is playing, but I first must say to the owners that too many plants is overkill. What if someone was afraid of the rainforest or something? Ok, done.. . The theater is NICE. It was definitely made for this kind of show. The gift shop window on one side opens up, allowing more people to walk through when it gets busy after the show and the gold balls accentuate the hallway to the casino. Kudos to the owning company for getting this show!
The Mirage is a great place to stay on the strip.  You can't beat the location - with good access to walk to the Wynn, Bellagio, or across the street to the Venetian.  There are also good restaurant options on the property - Stack, the hamburger place and the Carnegie Deli are all great places to have a bite to eat.. . The rooms here have been updated over the past two years and they are modern and well appointed.  The bed is also very good, firm and comfortable.. . Keep an eye on their website as there are typically several deals available that offer a very affordable price for your stay here.. . The only downside for me is that the poker room isn't as popular or busy as it used to be.  I played mostly at the Venetian because of this...
There's a reason Clark Griswold brought his family and it's because The Mirage is awesome. . . Regretfully we didnt stay here and that's the reason for the 4 star review, but I had zero problems with The Mirage. It's really a beautiful place with a great entry, well placed gaming and just a great overall design. We spent a lot of time playing a computerized roulette with a live wheel as well as blackjack. Now as with the rest of the city, there are a ton of automatic shufflers, single-decks and the amazingly stupid rule of having the dealer always hit on a soft 17. Mindboggling. . . Aside from that there's the Cirque show Beatles LOVE that I wish we had the money/time to see, a few great restaurants and an excellent sports book. We probably spent the majority of our Vegas time here and it did not disappoint.
I really like the Mirage for it contains an understated elegance in its rooms, setup, and casino / hotel that I have yet to find elsewhere.. . I always get suckered into visiting the garden. Yes I pay for it every time except for when I get a free hook up from registration. I don't know what it is about it, it's just great.. . The location of the Mirage is fantastic, they host LOVE which you can get a discount to if you stay with the hotel, which is fantastic, and the rooms are so comfortable, understated luxurious like I mentioned, and the new flat screen TVs are a great touch since everyone in Vegas seems to be getting in on that.. . The Mirage, contrary to what I thought, was not old and run down at all. Perhaps it was because of the renovations they did, but either way it is way nicer than you think. The only thing I'm not too fond of is the club. They freely discriminate against men, so don't bring your significant others but do bring large groups of girls. Eh.
Stayed here when I went on a familyvacation to Vegas.  We were given a room with a view of the strip and an even more amazing view of the erupting volcano.  On top of that, they were having a promotion on their website that included 2 free buffets at Carvings buffet and 4 free admissions to Siegfried & Roy's Secret Garden & Dolphin Habitat... sweeet deal!. . The hotel is centrally located on the strip between Treasure Island and Caesar's Palace.  They have a tram that takes you to TI if you're not up for the walk.. . The rooms are newly renovated and very spacious with modern decor.  The beds were also very comfortable.  The bathrooms were on the small side, but I can deal.  Love the theme in the lobby and the giant fish tank by the front desk.
Reader beware... this review is not for the Mirage hotel...because i didnt stay there. This is for the bathroom in the mirage hotel, right next to the buffet. . . We walked over to the Mirage to eat at the Flavors buffet. The buffet was good...but thats not what i am writing about. Halfway through the meal my stomach told me that i was having an emergency. I didnt walk, i ran to the nearest bathroom. . . As soon as i entered the bathroom my delicate nasal passages were delighted by the fragrant scents. I looked around and everything was sparkling and clean. I said to myself "self, this is the nicest effin bathroom i have ever been in." . . I then proceeded to unload 4 or 5 shells of the chocolate shotgun into the pristine commode. I definitely left this bathroom worse off than i found it. On a positive note though, by unloading the entire contents of my small colon, it made more room for more jumbo shrimp and crab legs :)
Perfect location. Nice and clean room. The service could have been improved a little bit (long line waiting for check in, no smile at all), and it wont hurt to include in-room coffee. . . I am giving this place a between 3-4 stars.
Good hotel. People where very helpful, clean, fun. Got a great rate with my player card and though we'd try them out. Got a great "$20 trick" upgrade, 25th floor, "honeymoon suite". No view, but the view I'm looking for in Vegas is the stack of chips in my hand. Long taxi lines tho (TIP...walk next door to Cesar's, 7 minutes away, and get taxi from there. Will save you at least 15-20 minutes). Good hotel, great bar across from the check-in. My girl said "MMMMM, best Bloody Mary." Maybe it was, so it was from the feeling the night before left. Will be back to stay as soon as my comps come in!!!
I enjoyed my stay at the Mirage. One reason is I like the way the casino floor is laid out and I like to stay where I like to play. I enjoy the buffet here, numerous restaurants at various price points and service levels are generally high. Room service was fast and efficient even at 2 or 3 in the morning.  I will say that their call center must be run by retarded monkeys since they managed to mess up everything about the 2 rooms I booked. However the front desk staff did a great job of correcting the problems and comping us for the inconvenience so I especially want to point out the great job Relita did in helping us.. . Additionally there are two good dance clubs Jet and Revolution, an outdoor bar and a good quiet bar by the sports book. Most in the party won so that is another plus but one that can't be counted on in the future.. . The hotel has a great outdoor pool, an indoor adult pool and the dolphin experience where you can swim with dolphins. You can also go through the tiger compound still there from Siegfried and Roy. The gym as mentioned needs a serious upgrade but then it is Vegas you have to check the healthy lifestyle for a few days.. . I would definately stay here again as it offers better value than some of the surrounding resorts and it's central location makes cruising the strip easy.
An Oldie, but still a Goodie. Love the indoor jungle theme, tropical plants and exotic flowers. Nice spa with great service!
I really enjoyed my recent stay at The Mirage.  After a few unpleasant encounters at check-in at previous trade shows in Vegas, it was very refreshing that the front desk was so helpful with not hassling about our prepaid card and didn't charge us a ridiculous amount for incidentals when we were just there for work.  For that - THANK YOU!  The rooms are ok.  The beds are very comfortable and they sell their sheets and pillows down in the gift shop.  Lots of restaurants and bars to choose from.  My only complaint is that the ventilation isn't that good and when you turn on the fan in the bathroom you can smell smoke - even in a non smoking room.  Free Wi-Fi was also nice.  I didn't feel like the Mirage was trying to get my every dollar for anything they could think of and that I appreciate.  I would stay here again.
I've stayed at The Mirage a number of times and have always had an amazing time. . . One of the nicest things about staying at The Mirage is the location. The hotel is located in the absolute heart of the strip. Across the street are the Palazzo and Venetian, next door is Caesar's, and you aren't far at all from The Wynn. . . The rooms have all been recently upgraded to suites. The new layouts are huge step up from the dated rooms that they used to rent out. The beds are really comfortable and the rooms have a great modern feel including flat screens in every one. . . During the summer the two pools at Mirage are a great place to spend the day. Bare is the adult version of the pool and is significantly smaller and more private. It's a topless pool that caters to a 20's and 30's crowd where the alcohol is always flowing. The main pool is less party oriented, but still really fun. The pool serves the best frozen drinks on the planet, they are the ultimate hang over cure. . . The Mirage is a great place to stay in the heart of the strip if you don't want to shell out the money for Belagio or the Wynn.
Definitely a good deal for a hotel on the strip. I did not eat at the restaurants there but the salon was excellent! Overall the hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly. I would stay here if you are looking for a room without all the bells and whistles (and price tag) and want to stay on the strip.
There's just something about The Mirage. It's a perfect old meets new. It's old enough to have a bit of the old Vegas feel (not Rat Pack old, but dated enough), but also new enough to not feel like it's going to be imploded in a matter of weeks. It's just dark enough, has just the right amount of a/c, and doesn't smell funny. Plus, it has decent restaurants and bars, a fun free show, and an aquarium behind the check-in desk. The table limits are typicalStrip-level for the most part, but not so high that I can't dabble in some roulette and waste a few hours. And to top it all off, it's a great location on the Strip to take off on-foot from.
-Easy to catch a taxi if need be . - right on the strip . - Plenty of on site clubs ( revolution/Jet) in case you don't feel like leaving the hotel . -plenty of restaurant options . -rooms were nice and spacious with very comfy beds . -Free tram that goes to several other hotels on the strip . -beautiful pool area . . My 2 day stay here was awesome, and I'd definitely recommend it!
Hadn't been to the Mirage in quite a while...but with a Convention located at the hotel, duty called.  I was pleasantly surprised by the detail and decor of the room.  Rather than having to dig under the deck to plug in my computer, there is a power strip at deck level...bravo!  Free wifi.  Nice.  The lobby, casino area is comparatively small and getting about quite easy.  . . Everytime I go to Vegas I long for the 1986 days when Heinekin was a buck, food was under $10 and the rooms under $50 and you loss your ass gambling.  Now?  Room $100, drinks $10 and dinner at one of the nicer restaurants, $75.  I stayed 3 days, ate and drank in relative moderation, and still forked over $1,000.  There seems to be a line for everything...oh yeah....except the relatively empty casino tables.. . Mirage has an excellent location close walking distance to Venetian, Paris, Ceasars and some of the seedier spots where you can grab a bite for $10.  . . I may long for days gone by, but that is true for many things and although Vegas is pricey, where else can you bet on a Lakers game and then play a little pot limit poker with the local sharks? See you soon LV.
I'm use to staying at the Palazzo when I'm in Vegas but i was only out there for one night and wanted to save a little money but still be in the middle of the strip this was a great choice the rooms were very nice and updated, the casino had some decent features and it was a pleasant stay, my only complaint was the bathroom was small but that may have been to the room size i booked (guest room). One thing i did have a problem with was the shower felt like a fireman's water hose the stream was so high and hard but that was a minor setback. All-in-All i would stay here again and its in a great location.
We stayed here midweek for 65 bucks a night and the rooms were newly renovated and were great. The bed is extremely comfortable. There's also flat screens and the room looks trendy and upscale. I'm not a huge fan of the casino and the hotel lacks unique style. The restaurants are good, but there isn't a single restaurant that really stands out in my memory and be prepared to pay a pretty penny for food here. We ate a burger place in the hotel which was really good, and they served big juicy lamb burgers. . . The hotel is in a great location. If you're looking for really good rooms for a good price then this is the place for you. Be prepared to pay a 15 dollar mandatory wifi charge because they will not tell you this when you book it.
Just returned home after 4 nights. Nice room, though I despise a view of the roof top. The shower could use a beef up. It is irritating to chase the water from the shower head that took a long time just to get up to temperature. . The pool was very nice, but was woefully short on chairs. A particularly helpful life guard suggested I "reserve" a chair with a towel and a few personal items early in the morning, then leave it all day. Too bad it was 2pm.. The service around the event I attended was impeccable. Very attentive and not pushy. . The Beatles show by Cirque de Soleil is amazing! 360 degree view of madness & genius all rolled into one.. Love the roulette tables. They were most kind. . I look forward to next time.
4.5 Stars . . When choosing a Vegas hotel, my two main selection criteria are location and pool; mirage receives 5 stars for both. . . The moment you walk into the hotel you are greeted by a total tropical, lush ambiance with large palm trees, flower gardens, waterfalls and a check in desk that is back dropped by a tropical fish aquarium. . . The casino floor itself is a little dated and in definite need of a face lift; however, not to the point where it detracted from the overall atmosphere. . . The rooms were recently renovated; it has probably the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept on. Alot of yelpers were complaining about the small size of the bathroom's; I found it to be more than adequate. . . Wide variety of food selections. We ate the BLT, Carnegie deli and their buffet (amazing)...all were affordable and tasty eats. . . The location is probably the most appealing quality of the mirage; dead center of the strip, right across from the venetian and in between ceasars palace and treasure island...perfect for trekking the strip. There is a tram across the street if you get lazy or if you want to travel to the tail ends of the strip i.e. go north to the stratosphere of south to Mandalay bay. . . Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Vegas for any reason -- you get the best of all worlds without breaking the bank.
Booked a 3 day room and Terry fator show package from their website, with a tower 1 bedroom suite (1250 sq feet) . Checked in sunday 4/17 4pm, 5-7 m inute check-in. Suggestion use valet parking and a bellman as the elevators are accross the entire casino in the rear (long walk), private elevators to suites (nice touch) The room was everything and more than the pictures on their website hugh bathroom with a spa tub and a large glass shower seperate toilets, large closet with a safe and many cabinets. King bed with 32 inch pop-up tv at the end of the bed. Living room with a 52inch hd tv great picture and selection of stations. 3 sete of floor to ceiling windows with a great view of venetian and palazzo north on the strip and of the volcano at the mirage (goes off every hour starting at 8pm).Seperate dining area, large wet bar with fridge and ice maker lareg wrap around sofa in living room.  The casino was ok not enough video poker machines and $10 and $25 blackjack. We only ate twice at BLT burger (order a #1 with cheese combo) $18 great burgers fresh the skinney fries were fresh and crisp. Checked out wed morning 9am would have used the express check-out on the tv except the total was incorrect, at the front desk a nice lady named ELSE was terrific the bill i got was correct for some reason the tv check-out was wrong, all done in 5 minutes. All in all a great 3 days, and the Terry fator show should not be missed just do a package to save $$.The entire stay with the show was $925 including resort fees and 12% taxes.
Spent 5 days here for a business conference. It just happened to be the weekend of St Pats Day plus NCAA Mens BBall Tourney, Crazy. So packed every minute of the day..but fun! Rooms were nice. Central location. Pool was very good.
Absolutely wonderful hotel.....great location, prices, ambiance, restaurant selection....... . Spending the weekend with 8dudes from grade school and high school.  Priceless. . . I'll give you your precious fifth star, Mr. mirage, if you add a coffee maker to my room. The morning herd is tiresome.
I went this past weekend to Vegas for a fraternity's installations. Their banquet was here and so we all stayed here. All the rooms we stayed in look about the same 2 queen sized beds and a relatively small bathroom imo.  BUT! huge flat screens and iHomes yay! . . My friend and I ended up getting our own room - quite a last minute decision at 2 a.m. I called the front desk from the room we were staying in and they picked up remarkably fast and were extremely helpful and courteous. I was informed that it would be $99 for the night. . So we packed our stuff and headed down to the lobby. By the time I got down there, the price apparently went up to $209? But, the front desk attendant said that since I was told it would be $99 then it would be that price. Thank goodness! . . And there was also only smoking rooms left but she made a couple of phone calls and the room we got was AWESOME. So much bigger than the other room we were in AND there was strip view. We could only stay for one night though (and they sold out the next day apparently as well!) . . When we checked out, I ended up forgetting two things. First, my towel - but I realized I forgot this right away and I saw one of the housekeeping ladies who promptly helped me call security to get back into the room. HOWEVER, I realized when I checked into my next hotel, that I forgot two dresses in the closet. One of them I REALLY needed for that night. I was put in contact with housekeeping lost and found. . . And here is why they only get 4 stars - . I called and I left my contact information and she said she would get someone to go up to the room to check for me. I know that there are many many rooms in the Mirage and I'm sure they're very busy. However, after an hour, I decided that I would call back because in the event that my dresses got stolen (hey sorry thinking worst scenario) I would need to be shopping PRONTO for a new one. Unfortunately, I kept getting the voicemail for the next 30 minutes. I was eventually transferred to the assistant manager, who was THE MOST UNHELPFUL PERSON in this ordeal. All he did was transfer me to house keeping lost and found which in turn led me BACK to the voicemail. I was pretty frustrated at this point but there was nothing I could do. 30 minutes later (and technically 3 hours later), I was finally called back. Then I went to the bell desk and picked up my dresses no problem. . . Overall, it was a great experience. I've stayed at The Mirage before and it's always been good.
Most underrated/under appreciated hotel in vegas if I do say so myself. Here is a lil list of why mirage is amazing. . 1. Location location location! Right smack in the center of all the action!. 2. Younger crowd, wayyy less old foggie degenerate gamblers.. 3. Great lounges (but jet nightclub is not a personal fave). 4. Amazing restaurants!!!. 5. The botanical garden is a must visit if you brought a date to vegas.. 6. Taxi & tram service is excellent here.. But lines do exist just like every other hotel.. 7. Rooms are very nice and up to date. 8. The love show is amazing!!!! . 9. The bakery near the botanical garden has the best red velvet cupcakes of all time!!!. 10. Last but not least I just love the smell of this hotel when you walk in! . . There you have it my 10 random facts on why you should stay at mirage.
This hotel is wonderful. The rooms were great, the staff was helpful, and the restaurants are awesome.. . There were two reasons I didn't give it a 5:. 1) The first night of my stay, I checked in at 11pm and found I was a couple floors above the noisiest nightclub on Earth. The place didn't close until after 3am at least. That was a long, sleepless night. I moved rooms and the next room on the 25th floor was perfect.. . 2) The giant pool was so crowded that we couldn't get a seat. The early bird gets the worm, I guess.. . The restaurants are amazing and I highly recommend BLT Burger, Carnegie Deli and Japonais. Stacked was only OK and I found their menu limiting. The shopping is affordable as well.. . I would definitely stay here again.
I've been to Vegas countless times, but never stayed at the Mirage. I think for the price we paid, it was an absolutely fantastic Vegas choice.. The rooms: Decent size, full length mirror (always a necessity for a ladies weekend), quiet bathroom, COMFY beds, and good views no matter what room you're in - either strip view or pool view. Big TV with lots of choices.. . The pools: The pool is easily the BEST thing about staying at the Mirage. Get there early, because EVERYONE wants to spend time at this beautiful pool. The waterfalls are gorgeous and make for great pictures, there is a LOT of sun with not much blocking from the building or trees, and the bar by the pool has a great variety of frozen alcoholic beverages for somewhat reasonable Vegas prices. . . They also have the adult pool - BARE - aka, let your boobies get some sun. Pretty young and attractive crowd, much better music playing and definitely a wild atmosphere. We got in for free, but I definitely wouldn't pay $10 to get in here as a lady to have all the boys see my tatas. This was definitely crowded, so actual swimming wasn't an option, just standing in the pool with all the beautiful tan, drunk people.. . The property: Lots to do here. Good variety of restaurants. We ate at BLT Burger (see my yelp review for that establishment), a coffee cafe that had good breakfast options and Starbucks. There is also STACK - a great steakhouse that I've had the pleasure of eating at before. Good variety of quality, price and food options to choose from. . . We also enjoyed the Siegfried and Roy Secret Garden, which was where they keep all of their adorable lil dolphin friends and white tiger kitty cat friends. Tip - if you're staying here make sure to tell them and show your room key, you'll get a 5 dollar discount on admission. Lots of cute animals and great picture opportunities, plus nice to have something additional to do close by during the day when your head hurts from the night before. . . JET is also here - great nightclub, fun environment. No line or cover fee for us so WIN. . . I've seen LOVE here by Cirque - great show and a fun Beatles themed lounge right outside. Great picture opps right outside the theater on the rainbow road!. . Overall, I highly recommend the Mirage! Location was great - right in the middle of the strip. I give it four stars only because it's a bit older, so it doesn't have the swanky, high class decor of places like Encore, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan.
I have stayed at the Mirage once several years ago, so this review will be for the casino.  I enjoy coming to the Mirage.  From the moment I see the fish tanks behind check in and the  atrium, I feel good to be there.. . The casino is not the friendliest to navigate when you're heading to the back to the Terry Fator Theatre, but after being there many times, there are short cuts to avoid the people who are slow, gawking, tipsy or a combination of those things.. . It's a short walk outside to the volcano and once you're in the back, you can visit the Secret Garden of Siegfried and Roy or you can just watch the people at the pools nearest that area.
Just got back from a weekend at the Mirage...and had a very different experience from our first trip here in January. During our first trip we had issues with them locking us out of our room because they "thought we had checked out" and were extremely disappointed in their nightclub. I had called and voiced my concerns with them, and they offered us a free stay if we wanted to come back. Upon check in we were greeted in the "invited guests" line, and had our room ready for us by 1pm. We were happily surprised to find they had upgraded us to a king tower deluxe with a view of the strip. The room was amazing and the service was great! A great change from our first stay at the Mirage. It is nice to see businesses that care about their customers, and go extra step to make them happy. I definitely think we will be staying here again!!
Comfy bed, clean, and quite.  What more can you ask for?  How about a good view?  I upgraded for about $10 a night and it was well worth the money.  I would stay at the Mirage again which is something I can't say about all the hotels on the strip.
Oh Mirage, I love you. You popped my Vegas cherry and I will always remember how kind and gentle you were to me! :). . The bf and I arrived at the Mirage via the bus that waits infront of the airport. =) Check in was EASY BREEZY but the trek from the door to the elevator is sometimes a journey, especially when you're chocolate wasted. We requested for a room that was on a higher floor and was granted that wish. It had a FANTASTIC view of the volcano and the strip. The only down side was that it was a smoking room and smelled like my uncle's car. blek. But besides that it was a BEAUTIFUL ROOM. The bed was comfy and housekeeping came daily. hehe. The bathroom was a little bit of a let down because I expected something a little more swanky for Vegas. But whaatevers. Everyone that worked there was nothing but professional and the tram connected to Treasure Island was super convenient because thats where our friends were. They gave a free water bottle everyday if you came into the gift shop which was better than buying it off the strip. . . Beautiful hotel, soo many things to do inside, and smack in the middle of the strip LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU MIRAGE! I will definitely consider staying again if a deal ever comes my way.
This is probably my favorite place for seeing a show.  I have seen so many great shows over the years.  However, I'm still sad for the loss of the late, great Danny Gans.  I will always be forever grateful that we got to see him before his untimely passing.  So shocking.  In any event, it's such a pretty hotel to walk around.  I only miss the tiger exhibit.  That was my favorite thing to see, and I would stand there for the longest time watching those fascinating 'kitties."  Well, they have a Carnegie Deli there, so I'll be okay.
Having stayed at the Wynn during my last trip to Vegas I was a little spoiled and thus could not help but make comparisons. This is definitely NOT the Wynn but, perhaps because of having been owned by Mr. Wynn in the past, The Mirage still packs a nice atmosphere into a reasonable price. . . The lobby here is very cool with the huge fish tank and tropical garden; it is almost reminiscent of The Polynesian at Disney except without the Disney-esque fakeness. The rooms are tastefully decorated with mid-range contemporary furniture (better than Ikea but not as nice as Bo Concept) however the bathrooms (although nice, with marble and granite) are rather small and lack a separate soaking tub. Also, there is no coffee machine in the room and whenpaying a $20/night resort fee they could at least give us the cheap hotel-room coffee for when we need to nurse a Vegas hangover. The beds were EXTREMELY comfortable though. . . The casino here is pretty lively but there are not many 5c and 25c slots...$1 slots rule here which is fine for a while but once you've lost a couple of hundred dollars at the tables it is nice to relax at a nickel machine for a bit. . . The palm lined swimming pool with waterfalls and tropical flora is a great feature of The Mirage. It is a wonderful place to relax on a hot Vegas afternoon before a night of eating and gambling. . . The buffet here surprised me. The night before we ate at the Wynn's buffet which is always fantastic so I had low expectations for Cravings at the Mirage, however I was mistaken. The food selection was excellent and everything was super fresh. One of the better buffets I have eaten at in Las Vegas, though the desserts here were just so-so (especially compared to the Wynn). . . I would stay at The Mirage again if I got a great deal however I don't yearn for it the way I do other hotels. The location on the strip is great though and all in all it was a good experience for a good price.
I've stayed at the Mirage now twice, and my husband has stayed there 4-5 times. I like this hotel because it's not as huge as some of the others. Last time we had a nicer room with a huge bathroom, but our room this time was still nice.. One thing is the shape of the building- it gives 1 side a Strip view, 1 side gets the pool, and 1 side is called the "Sunset View." Don't take the Sunset View, it's no view at all!. . The pool is amazing, one of the best in Vegas I'd say. Huge pool, tons of chairs, plenty of palm trees if you like shade.. . Drinks at the pool are about $20 for the big frozen one, which was a lot but it's huge and we'd always split them so we could drink them down before they melted in the 110 degree sun. . . House keeping came around at 9am, super annoying, so put your "Do not disturb" sign up before bed!. . Also, it was kind of loud and very bright in the room in the morning. Wish I had had earplugs and a sleep mask. . . The good definitely outweighs the bad by far. It's all about the pool!!!
I think that if you're looking for someplace centrally located on the strip, nice and affordable, you can't beat The Mirage. Prices are great, rooms are fairly recently renovated and comfortable (but not huge...not small though), and it's a perfect location in the middle of the strip. The staff are pretty friendly, the sports book is good and comfortable, and the restaurant choices are decent. I'm a fan of The Mirage.
It has been awhile since I last stayed here so when I finally came back, I was impressed w/ the way they fixed things up. I noticed that the rooms were alot nicer, it has a modern look to it which I liked & the bathroom looked nice as well. In general I like staying @ the Mirage because of it's location, It's in the middle of the Strip so basically it's walking distance to alot of the hotel like Caesar's, Treasure Island, Venetian, Palazzo etc. although the Mirage is a good sized hotel, you could easily navigate through it and not get lost. The gambling area is big and spacious and the sportsbook area is also big (one of the biggest... I think), the pool is one of the nicest that I've seen so far. The room rates here are reasonable compared to the other hotels on the strip and the restaurants in the hotel areok. One recommendation I would make if you plan to stay @ the Mirage is to watch Cirque Du Soleil's Beatle's Love Show that is showing at the Mirage, It's the best show in Vegas!! I've always enjoyed my experience here and would come back again.
***While The Mirage is not one of the nicer hotels along The Strip (and is definitely lacking in must see places inside), the hotel/casino features nice rooms and a good location at a decent price***. . I gambled at The Mirage a couple of years ago and won, but this was my first time staying at the hotel.  For a hotel that would probably be considered mid-range (like a Bally's), the hotel rooms were nice.  The decor was contemporary and had a very comfortable feel.  I've been to a lot of hotels where the room felt badly in need of an update, but that was not the case here.  Linens felt new.  Bathrooms were clean.  Temperature got a little uncomfortable at night, but that probably could have been easily addressed if we would have paid more attention to the thermostat.. . In addition to the good rooms (especially for the price), the hotel had the advantage of being small (at least when compared to other casinos along The Strip).  It made getting around and meeting up with people very easy.  The location is convenient too with The Mirage being near both Caesars Palace and The Venetian.. . While the nice rooms and the size of the casino were both big pluses, the casino was smoky (a lot smokier than the nicer casinos like Caesars and Bellagio but probably also smokier than the okay casinos like Bally's and MGM Grand).. . In terms of food, a lot of the restaurants at The Mirage did not sound that good and the one we tried (Fin) was definitely not good; it was also overpriced.  There is a gourmet burger spot here (BLT Burger) that might be worth trying.  I had a mostly positive experience with BLT Steak (same owner) in West Hollywood.  There is also a CPK here.  It would probably make sense to dine there (and save some money) than try one of the many overpriced spots at The Mirage.. . If I wanted to stay at a Vegas hotel and do everything within that hotel, I would definitely not stay at The Mirage.  Since I like to casino hop (whether for gaming, dining or simply getting some fresh air), The Mirage is a good option for its size, nice rooms and reasonable price.  The smokiness of this casino is definitely a negative and should be considered if you are planning to spend a lot of the time within this hotel/casino during your Vegas stay.. . For parking, there is a free structure that is also not too big, which made getting in and out of the casino/hotel pretty easy.
The Mirage is one of those hotels on the strip that deserves more credit than it should. There's a lot to see and do and I haven't even experienced close to everything yet. I would be careful about the restaurants inside the property as they are overpriced and the quality of the food was justsub-par for me compared to meals that you can get elsewhere which was really disappointing. Other than that the Mirage still shines strong and it's a great hotel if you want to stay somewhere nice but not too expensive on your budget.. . The casino portion of the hotel is really great, most importantly I like the atmosphere of the casino compared to other casinos on the strip. If you enjoy playing poker then you will love the poker room here. The dealers here are very friendly and the action here can be crazy!
I like this Hotel, we stayed here in July and it was perfect for us. The pool is large and there are plenty of waiters coming around to serve drinks. The wine bar is quite fun and we even got a free tasting. I think the rooms are up to date and clean if not a wee bit small. The only thing i disliked about our stay was the lack of a view we had to stair at the top of the building below and nothing else. Not too big of a deal because who goes to Vegas to stay in the room?
At first arrival, things were a bit hectic. We had to wait nearly 20-30 minutes for a bellhop to come to the front. Eventually the valet guy had to take it upon himself to take our bags for us. He gave us a slip of paper and told us to call for our bags once we got to our room. We tipped him nicely . Once we got to our room, we called the baggage handlers to bring our stuff to the room. The lady said 15 minutes -- WE WAITED WELL OVER 45 MINUTES TO AN HOUR.. . Once the guy arrived he placed our stuff down sloppily and waited anxiously for a tip. After eying each other for at least 2 minutes, heleft in an abrupt manner without saying anything. Sorry but we're not paying for attitude and basically having to wait with our OWN bags for 20+ minutes.. . The room how ever was very nice. Just don't expect the bellhop to arrive when they say.
Great hotel.. The sleep quality and cleanliness are good. Everything anyone could possibly want to do is on site. WiFi IS free if you are staying at the hotel.
This is a preemptive review! But I have been so impressed thus far that I am prompted to post before we even make our trip. Ive book the hospitality suite and a total of three additional rooms for our yearly Vegas extravaganza in September.  The reservation staff was very helpful in helping me decide exactly what I needed. The location is what inspired us to move away from where we have booked in the past, also the reviews on yelp really guide me along when there is alot of choices, I hope businesses realize how much yelp effects them!  We are very much looking forward to what The Mirage has to offer. I "liked" them on facebook and wrote a quick post about how excited we are and The Mirage took the time to actually reply to most post and offer any further assistance if needed. I haven't even stayed here yet and already I feel as though I have experienced an excellent level of customer service. We booked a cabana at BARE and cant wait! Will update further post-stay!
Enjoyed my stay, especially since the room was comped and we got a great view of the pool. Room decor is nice. The hotel is starting to look a little aged, but still a fun place to gamble and drink. The hotel pool is really nice, especially with the waterfalls!  They have a CPK on site and the prices are comparable to other CPK's (not jacked up like most Vegas restaurants).  Also, more than enough taxis, unlike other older hotels where you're waiting forever to get one. Location is great!
Overall, I had a good experience here. The room was nice enough, though the bathroom was kind of small. We couldn't figure out if the lamp shade in the room was dirty or if it had a weird design on it. It kind of looked like someone spilled coffee on it. But it was a minor thing. The lobby and casino almost always seemed to be really crowded. Trying to get to your room from the self-parking garage at night was challenging at times. But what I really liked about this place was the friendliness of the employees at the table games. I am new to gambling and the dealers at the roulette table I went to were really friendly and helpful about answering my questions. The blackjack dealer I had tried to help us out and was nice to talk to. We were able to find $5 minimum tables here, though it was during the week so it would probably be different on a weekend or holiday. I would stay here again because of the nice dealers and pit bosses and because of the Mirage's central location.
This place was great. 7 girls, 2 rooms, plan to party, hang out by the pool, eat good food, drink too many cocktails. The hotel served the purpose. Being centrally located on the Strip we were a $5 cab ride from everywhere that required us to not walk in our stilettos. . . The pool was PERFECT. The drinks - expensive, but this is Vegas so it's OK. The casino had WAR so my friends were happy. And they didn't judge us at all when we stumbled in late night so that's always a plus :)
Very Happy with our stay!!!! I came with a group of my 5 years out of college sorority sisters and The Mirage was the perfect pace for us. We saved our seats by the pool early every morning and 1/2 of us spent our days lounging by the pool and the other half spent the day sitting at the tables. The pool is beautiful and tropical and felt like we were at a tropical resort more than in the middle of the desert!. . The location of the hotel is awesome, everything is in walking distance (in flats). .  We got a GREAT deal on the room: around $120 a night. My advice, "like" the hotel on facebook... they run 72 hour sales every so often and post it on their facebook page those prices really can't be beat!
We stayed at the Mirage for one night. This was our first time in Las Vegas.  The staff was great, very helpful and professional.  Lots of restaurants to pick from and a casino. The pool is awesome, surrounded by palm trees and waterfalls. The kids loved the waterfalls.  We loved the poolside service.  Could have sat in the pool and drank all weekend.  The room was very nice.  We don't have any complaints!! Wish we could go back right now!
I love this place. Mirage is very nice and fun atmosphere. The rooms are very nice and those beds are amazing. Great places to eat and who can forget about the famous Rhumbar. Sick place to chill, smoke a cigar and drink. . . I really wanted to give Mirage a 5 star rating, but the front desk people take their job way too seriously. I almost could have gotten locked out of my room where me and my friend were staying if the lady didn't confirm the room number. pretty much long story short.. it is late my friend is sleeping in our room and i decide to go up, but i totally forgot the room number. So i go to the front desk and i tell them the last name of the person the room is under and she wouldn't tell me the name of the room number, i told her it is either 2134 or 2143 or something like that. she said pretty much said it was the first one, so i told her can i get another key since you are telling me mine doesn't work and she said without a id of the person that the room is under i cant give you a key.. I'm like wtf really? wow.. so i call my friend who is dead sleeping and no one picked up.. . So i decided to go give the key another try and luckily it worked.. I love this place, but he front desk needs to stop taking their job seriously, this is Vegas i am a paying customer who came and stayed at Ur hotel and of course lost my money. so answer me question.
Spur the moment trip with my boyfriend on 4th of July weekend (busy busy busy + paying premium price). Received a complimentary room upgrade at check-in overlooking the pools. When I looked online at the rates several days after booking the room I noticed the price was reduced. I called the reservation line & they adjusted my rates down to the listed prices (:. . PROS:. - Well designed  functional rooms. - Complimentary parking. - Coffee maker & MP3 jack in room. - Tastefully decorated. - Excellent location. - Friendly accommodating staff. - Starbucks on site. - Warm ambiance. - Fast smooth check-in
Pleasantly surprised!!!  Picked the Mirage cause I got a comp night and the room rates were low for labor day weekend!  Call me a Las Vegas snob... yeah, so what I am.  I normally only stay at the Bellagio or the Aria, with a whirl in the new tower of the Hard Rock as well once.  So... yeah, I'm a snob.  Got stuck at the Excalibur once cause my Hawaiian airlines plane caught fire and so they put us all up in the Excalibur for one night until they got us a new plane.  Read my Excalibur review - NASTY!  Anyways... since the Mirage is an older strip hotel, I had visions of the Excalibur.  But lo and behold.... it was nice!  Rooms were completely renovated, huge, clean!  And the hotel itself had everything... a Starbucks (so important after a night out), Jewish deli, burger joint, candy factory, clubs, etc. etc.!!  And location was so central!  We walked everywhere!!!!  Loved it!   One gripe.... the bathrooms by their pool - disgusting!!!  And the pool itself, nothing out of the ordinary.   But nothing bad, but for the bathrooms.   Would I choose to stay here again? ABSOLUTELY!
Really nice, and they have LOVE!
Stayed three nights at The Mirage back in July. The rooms were clean, looked recently redone, and were very large. The beds were comfortable. The pool wasgreat and chill with lots of places to sit. The location on The Strip is also very convenient. We were also able to get a great deal on our rooms. . . My only problem with the room was the bathroom was minuscule. The door hit the toilet when you opened it. The room itself was huge, what's up with the tiny bathroom? I could have done without the uncomfortable couch I never sat on to get a bigger bathroom. Also, the kids running up and down the hallway at 7am ... could have done without, but I guess that could have happened anywhere.
Beautiful grounds. Good curteous and prompt customer service. Gorgeous clean rooms. One star deducted, because lighting in room seemed dim & because vending machine on 12th floor were almost near vacant. I had to go to the 11th floor to get a Coke. Great room service. Great on-site choice of restaurants and bars. Prompt check out service. Will definitely stay here again! The business is run like a well oiled machine
Hit up sin city for my cousins bday and stay at the mirage for 3 nights. Was a bit pricey but definitely worth it, the rms were amazing. Very clean and awesome decor. Had every type of electric equipment outlet built into the wall. (USB, audio/video, hdmi, Ethernet). . It's at a great location, pretty much walking distance to everything. We only took cabs back to the hotel when we were hammer and couldn't remember which way it was. . . The food was a bit pricey inside the hotel, we ate at two different spots and both were expensive. But needless to say very good. Because of horrible gambling nights, had my last breakfast in Vegas at a mcdonalds across the st from the mirage. . . My favorite thing about this place would have to be the pool. It has an incredible water fall and plenty of beach chairs to lay out on. The crowd is a little more mature, which was cool. We didn't have too many douche bags walking around, only us. . . But all in all a good place to stay and enjoy vegas, would definitely come back again.
had my parents stay here on a comp we had and they loved it. the only start i am dropping is mainy because of the food options and lack of good drink service in the casino
There are many more beautiful, new, luxurious & expensive hotels on the strip...but, The Mirage was the Perfect location for us!  It was our first trip to Vegas & our goal was to try and see every hotel On Our List during a 5 day stay. ......... we walked & used taxis back & forth between the hotels. We had such a BLAST & were able to get a Great Experience from all the hotels we wanted to see!   We were like a bunch of giddy  little kids having the time of our lives!...Ya know how it is..... ya NEVER Forget your First Time in Vegas! ! ! !...Just wish I'd been there @ the same time "Ryan "Alcatraz" W" was showing off his skills in the Rascal Scooter Wheelie Competition! That's hilarious! ! ! !.....Actually that izzzz "Highly Frowned Upon" @ The Mirage!   ha!   ha!   ha!   ha!......oh well....  . . The interior @ The Mirage is tropical & very nice! I Love the Huge aquarium behind the front desk!  Great first impression! Our room was beautifully decorated & very comfy! The pool was really pretty & had lots of little private places to get away from the crowds if ya want to. We ate @ the Carnegie Deli & Cravings while we were there....both places were really good. Our most Memorable Meal was @  Valentino's  @ The Venetian..WOW! . . Overall, I will stay @ The Mirage again. I like the location & it's not too pricey....No complaints. The staff was very accommodating.
While I did find faults with The Mirage, overall, it gets a solid 4 stars.. . I spent 5 days here for a conference. I ate, walked and drank here here's a brief breakdown:. . -The Room: for the price, you're getting a decent room. Stocked mini bar, robes, above average decor, flat screen, iPod dock alarm clock, rockstar bathroom. Lovely view of the parking lot.. . -Eats: In the hotel, your options for sit-down are several. Stack, Japonis, Samba, Carnegie, CPK and more. Up side, just about everything is great. Down side is, your options for take away or lighter fare (in price and quantity) are very slim. For example, while working all weekend, we wanted to grab something to take back into the convention and the simplest thing we could get was $16 sandwiches from the Carnegie. Don't get me wrong, I love them, but if I was here on a vacation with someone and planned on staying in the hotel, even lunch is an ordeal. Be prepared.. . Drinks: There's at least one big cup frozen drink shack. The burger joint makes boozey milkshakes. Revolution Lounge will drain your wallet to look at girls dolled up in 60's garb. King Ink is good as a lounge area but when they flip the switch to the full on nightclub, I need to evacuate. Overall: not bad.. . Everyone we encountered hat worked at the hotel was awesome. Even though it's on the higher end of the scale, you are not looked down on like in some hotels, no matter what you look like.. . So, overall, really good and I liked it. Im not saying they should put a food court in here or anything, but maybe something just a little more accessible  in terms of snacking would be good..
I've always wanted to stay here, and finally my man and I got to this past January for our 3rd anniversary. It is definitely a beautiful and very nice hotel. Its rooms are very clean and upscale, and the beds are comfortable. . . The gaming floor is expansive and easier to navigate than most. As a 1 cent slot machine player, I cannot attest to any other games, but their payout is great here. It's not as good as the Monte Carlo's, but what are you going to do? It's not as nice a hotel, therefore it has not as good payout.. . I would definitely stay here again.
During my mancation in Vegas we stayed here for a couple of nights. It's high tech and feels Glamorous like Fergie. The rooms are swanky, have big flat screen tvs, multiple hook-ups for your computers, usb ports, you name it. It's a geeks dream. The decor is of course ultra modern. They have a bunch of restaurants to order from if you don't feel like leaving. The pool area is huge and the women are classy. . . I was gonna write more, but I just remembered. . . What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.. . Awesome hotel!
I really enjoyed my stay at The Mirage.  I was happy with service from the front desk, room service and servers in the various lounges.  I thought my room was modern, clean and comfortable.  I was happy with the bed and pillows.  I really didn't need to leave the resort.  Between taking in the shops, including what I'd actually consider 5 star shopping in Love Boutique/The Beatles store (as I'm a huge fan), attending the Cirque Du Soleil show Love, visiting Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden and Dophin Habitat, B.B. Kings Blues Club, California Pizza Kitchen, etc., I just didn't need anything else.  I really only left to avoid feeling lazy.  I met lots of cool people (including fellow Albertans) in the lounges and felt completely content here.
This is where the bachelorette party weekend played out..... . I would've never thought of the Mirage for a hotel to choose and how rude of me.  It was pretty nice inside and I really loved the room.  The decor was modern and the colors matched our bachelorette decorations PERFECTLY.  Extremely small restrooms.  Imagine seven women in one room trying to get ready O_o. . Me and the Mirage bonded that weekend.  As many times as I partied in Vegas, one of the best ones played out here.. . Sorry for all that confetti, bottles, caution tape, and shit left in the room.  Go hard or go home!
I have been staying here for years and its great . Everything you would expect in a 4 star hotel resort casino .
Couldn't stay another minute at Caesar's, able to get a deluxe room via Vegas.com for about $125/night, upgraded to a 24th floor room for an extra $30/night, very modern, sleek, WORKING wi-fi (covered by the $20/day "resort fee"), mini-bar, fairly quiet, great view looking NE (flat city, with mountains and freeways), but staff actually smile here!  Would definitely book here again.  Nicer buffet than most, but gotta admit, I blew it at the craps table.
Mirage Hotel & Casino Las Vegas. . http://mirage.com/. . We're just back from a 4 day quick trip over Thanksgiving from Vegas.  We have been before, but it's been a while so there was a lot to see and do.  We went with a large group and stayed at the Mirage.  We liked the Mirage as they were able to guarantee us a non-smoking room while other places would not do that.  We stayed in room #22029, which had been recently renovated not too long ago.  The room was nicely appointed and the beds were very comfortable.  We found an internet price of just under $100 which we thought was very good too.  The room we had was pretty spacious and faced the North, with views of Treasure Island, The Wynn, Palazzo, The Venetian and the hourly volcano eruption.  Another benefit about the Mirage was not only are there to non smoking rooms, they have non-smoking floors.  The entire 22nd floor was non-smoking and we also noticed no-smoking signs in the elevators next to the floor numbers for several other floors like ours as well.. . The downside of the room is pretty typical to Las Vegas.  There are no coffee pots in the rooms and don't even think about trying to used the loaded refrigerator in the room for personal use.  There aresensors in the fridge that automatically charge your room if items are removed / replaced.  The prices for the food and drink beverages inside the fridge are absolutely ridiculous as well.  But honestly, this is how almost every hotel on the strip that we've ever stayed in was equipped as well.  There was a Walgreens across the street where we found water for 99 cents, so save your money for the slots!!  We had a good time and would recommend it.
I go to Vegas quite often, and the Mirage is definitely my choice for when I'm on a budget. They have reasonable room rates (especially once you've joined MLife - it's free!), and are much nicer than resorts in the same star and price level. Plus, I like this side of the strip! Lots to do in the general vicinity!. . The rooms are chic and stylish and the beds are oh-so-comfortable. I've never been to the buffet here, but I do like the casino, even though it can get a bit smoky. . . I'd definitely recommend staying here if you are looking to spend less than $75 on a hotel room in Vegas. It's probably the nicest of the lower end casinos.
You may not win on the slots, but the hotel rooms are nice. I stayed at the Mirage for my Thanksgiving weekend in Vegas.. . NOTE: IF YOU TOUCH ANYTHING IN THE FRIDGE AND MOVE THINGS AROUND, YOU'LL GET CHARGED FOR THEM. You'll also find a "mobile pleasure kit," aka a mini vibrator in the mini fridge area, talk about convenient. . Now that that's out of the way. The Mirage has friendly efficient service and the rooms are spacious and clean. I had a really good time staying here. i was in the middle of everything on the strip. The volcano show isn't that cool but, that's okay there are so many shows going on in Vegas that's not exactly my most pressing issue.. . I did have a bit of trouble connecting to the wi-fi and around 10 pm (when I called at 9) they couldn't figure out what was the problem and brought me an ethernet.. . The Beatles Show, Revolution, is also located in the lobby. And it was amazing. You get a discount for staying in the hotel for the . . The food was extremely expensive. The Buffet place downstairs, Carnegie Deli, etc. It was all really expensive. I mean I know most food is going to be expensive but it was seriously a bit much.
OK this is not your Mirage from the 90's... They have remodeled their rooms and its really nice! And not to mention that this hotel is located right smack dab in the middle of the strip!  Winning!!! . . The lean rooms are all upgraded with really squishy comfy beds and feather pillows that will make you feel like your sleeping on clouds! I would have given them five stars but the noise in the hallways echoes though out your room. You can hear everything in the hallways and every time your neighbor slams their door. And the walk from the front desk to the elevators kind of suck. You have to walk across the casino floor and a ton of people to get to the guest elevators.  . . The check-in service was very polite and accommodating. You can probably slip them a $20 and upgrade your room because they ask you if you are celebrating anything special and slip them the cash and I am sure they will hook you up! I have never tried it but I had heard it works! And if you park in the parking structure try to park on the fourth floor over to the right hand corner of the structure to be close to the elevators. If it's too crowded then park on the third floor, less cars. The hotel is also in walking distance of Venetian and Palazao.. . For the price, location.. location...and the remodeled rooms. You can't beat the deal!. . BTW.... We only paid $33 for Thurs and $53 for Friday night.. Score..!
I really like this hotel. It is well kept and clean. Service is awesome. It is decorated nicely. The rooms are cheap and they are pretty big. Beds are super comfortable and soft. I actually got some limited but good sleep. Also, it is located somewhat like in the middle of the strip.... soo everything is pretty much walkable distance from here though.. . Tons of restaurant such as Craving Buffet, Fin, Japonais, BLT burger, California Pizza Kitchen. I went to the Craving buffet and it was pretty good for brunch. Give it a try if you are staying here.. . The casino is good. I only play roulette and blackjack so as long as they have that I'm happy with any casino. Played blackjack for hours and won a lot, played roulette for 5 minutes and lost a lot. They also have cool slot machine games which I really enjoyed such as Deal or No Deal and Dark Knight.
The room is nice, albeit slightly small, but this is just a room, not a suite or anything like that so I figure that it's nice.  Seeing that what me and my friends like to do to save a few bucks is just get one room and PACK it. So for a room with 2 queen beds, we made it fit so that there was 7 of us. Coincidentally only one person slept on the bed both nights since one girl didn't come in till 9AM so I had the bed to myself, and the next night I didn't come in until 5 or 6 and the bed was taken and the other girl slept in the bathtub. (no joke).  So I give this hotel a 4 for the cleanliness of the floor and the comfort of the carpet they had.  And actually, there was plenty of room on the floor for ourselves and our luggage AND a cooler full of alcohol.  The place also had a really long table where we can put our cups and alcohol and mixers, but the place does NOT have fridge where you can store stuff (just a mini fridge full of 12 dollar M&Ms and 20 dollar bottles of water..I exaggerate).  Either way, the decor is really cute- very Ikea-esque with a bit of funky 60s going on, the concierge, room service and housekeeping were all very helpful and nice when they came by.  What I liked about the room too is that you can open the window so you can let a little bit of fresh air in.  The hotel itself is pretty nice too and it's close by to a lot of things like restaurants and other stuff.  Their bath amenities are decent and they have a citrus smell to them.
I always have to come in here when I'm in town. What a nice place. The volcano it's the same as it was when it first opened but still great.
The rooms are average, the motif is also. The volcano show  out front is really great and goes off frequently.. . This is a good place to hire a lady as there is easy valet access and no elevator security.. . I'm told Mystere is really good, but so far no trick has taken me :(
We had a renovated room, modest and well decorated with plentiful power plugs, HD TV, and ample drawer space for clothes.  It seemed clean and the housekeeping service was adequate.  However, the windows were so filthy that you could barely see out of them.  We paid about $70/night during the week prior to Christmas.  We were required to pay a $20/night hotel charge, which included in-room wi-fi.  Overall, I like the hotel, but if I was looking for more luxury, I'd to elsewhere.
Was much nicer than I remember, nice layout with lots of nice shops and restaurants; tigers and dolphins were nice, as was the huge aquarium behind check in.
Okay, my very first time staying at The Mirage was when I was in 7th Grade... it was a cool place as a kid.  You had the rainforest/jungle like atmosphere, the lions/tigers, the volcano, and a pool w/ waterfalls.  . . Twelve years later... the rooms have definitely been upgraded to a more modern take on hotel living.  I'm counting the furnishings, the art, and probably the TV.  The bathroom however, was small.  I think the room I had this time around had a smaller bathroom than the one I had witnessed as a kid with my parents.  The door is right in front of the toilet, so if someone is sitting, it would be kind of difficult to open the door (just saying).  There is only 1 sink & our tub was clogged upon the first time of using it.  . . Check-in Process = No wait in line, quick, front desk receptionist was very helpful & courteous. . Walk from front desk to hotel room = a breeze - it was a pretty easy path to the elevators with much around you to look at.  Finding the room was also easy (nothing confusing about it).. . The Room = I got the normal 2 queen standard room. 1 plasma TV, a desk area, 2 wireless phones, plenty of drawers & a closet with mirrored doors.  Hairdryer & Iron available inside, no need to request.  You're able to open the window to let some natural light and fresh air to flow through (a plus).  Beds were comfy & each bed comes w/ 4 plush pillows.  There is an ipod speaker/dock, but it only worked for ipod minis  :/  Free wi-fi service.. . The Room's View = We had a great view of the strip AND the pool (it was too bad that the pool wasn't open during the time I went, the pool was drained :(  haha. . Room Service = I wasn't in the room when this was requested, but my friends said that it took a while for them to get their food & when it arrived, it tasted as though it was sitting there and had been forgotten about.  The food wasn't that great either.  This could have been due to the odd hour they ordered or it could have just been a busy night.  . . Hotel Eateries = BLT Burger (highly recommend), Carnegie Deli (alright - good b/c its 24/7)  I would have liked to try more, but there just wasn't enough time . . Hotel Lounges/Club/Bars = Revolution (ladies free admission & open bar 10-12am), 1OAK (my group and I got in for free & were given 3 free drink tix each!), Rhumbar (sadly didn't get to enjoy, but walked past a few times - indoor and outdoor area w/ TV, heat lamps, and comfy looking patio furniture. . The Casino = Clean, open, and nice.  Didn't walk around much, but it seemed smaller than other casinos in LV.  Definitely not dirty.. . Check-out Process = Being that our TV wasn't able to turn on on our last morning there, I had to call to check out.  I already paid my fees in full when I checked in, so we were all good to go & it was completed on the spot. . . Side Notes:  About $20-25 ride from the McCarran Airport to The Mirage (TAXI), About $70 for a limo (to anywhere you want) - for us, it was to Encore at the Wynn (yes, a 2 minute ride... but hey, when the taxi lines are long, you have to opt for other means of transportation).. . Decent place, not too expensive (got a deal off Expedia - though I will say I though I booked in advance, I checked the prices the week of on the hotel's main website and prices were cheaper than what I had spent on the travel search engine - LAME, but oh well, better to be safe than sorry).  I wouldn't mind staying here again  :]
Cheap(er) rooms, big, good service, clean and good location.. . My girlfriend and I tend to stay further south @ like the Vdara or the PH, but those places are usually 20% more in price. Also, the gambling / drinks in those places is more expensive. . . The good old volcano show every hour (photos attached) is always worth watching. Also, I won 150$ on the craps tables... So that was a plus! While gambling the drink girls are very quick and nice.... . If you wana live "the Vegas High Life" I am sure you can get a really nice room here, and if you wana do a family thing or with regular friends, this place is just fine!
I like the Mirage, the setup of the Casino is great. They also have a good new club called 1 Oak (formerly Jet). What's best is the Beatles Love show is here. They have an amazing stage setup for the show. While your on the strip you have to stop in.
This was a great place to stay!. . We did a lot of research on our room, and decided that the Mirage would be the best plan for us.. . Check in was a breeze. I think that we came at the right time, because I saw some serious lines at other points in time. But ours took a total of five minutes.. . Our room was great. Just the right size, and with an incredible view of the strip. It was a bit of a hike to get out of there (especially in heels), but it was not a big deal.. . Our room was clean and the maids came in while we were out each day and did a great job. The beds were WONDERFUL. I haven't slept that well in a long time!. . I'd stay here again for sure.
The rooms are GORGEOUS. We're staying in the normal room, but with a view of the strip. Free valet parking, and free internet! The beds are nice and soft and wonderful. The only thing I don't like is the long walk from the elevator to my room.
Stayed here over the weekend and had a great experience.  Rooms were large and comfortable.  Nice bathroom products.  With our booking, we were supposed to receive a dining credit but the front desk person forgot and we never went to ask for it.  Good strip location.  I would definitely stay here again!
Great value and great location.  Centrally located on the Strip, across from the Venetian and next to Caesars (2 blocks from Bellagio).  The buffet is my favorite.  The rooms are very clean and well appointed.  The charge for wi-fi is included in the "resort fee" whic is tacked on to every room whether you like it or not.
Stayed at the Mirage for a business trip.  Room was adequate for what I need.  Restaurants were plenty, bathrooms are close-by and plenty of gaming options.. . Let's just say I slept an average 3 hours per day.  LOL
Good:. - Price. - Rooms. - Location. - Facade. . Bad:. - Lack of many newer slots. - Can get crowded because of Cirque. - No hairdryer in room
I thought this hotel was beautiful. We had excellent service and a great experience staying here. The rooms were extremely clean and we had a nice view of the city. I stayed with a group of girls & we were there with a group of guys as well. We had 2 rooms and the girls room had MANY mirrors! Which we had no problem utilizing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for friendly employees and really  nice rooms!
Stayed here in a smoking room and it was great. The room was big and clean. Our windows opened which was great to let the breeze in. . . The casino is your average Vegas casino. A little dirty and a little trashier than the nicer hotels. 3 Card Poker table with $5 bets, which is great. . . Saw Cirque Du Soleil's Beatles Love and it was AMAZING. The show blew my mind (separate review) and the decor of the entryway gets the attention of everyone. . . Did not have a chance to eat at any of the restaurants in the Mirage. . . I would probably only stay here again if there was a discount. It's about a B- hotel in Vegas standards.
There's a few things about The Mirage, but overall I really enjoyed my stay here.. . I was here for 2 nights, a Sunday and Monday, with my mom and sister. We requested a non-smoking room but had concerns about the smell anyway, since smoking is still allowed in the casino. For $20/night, we were able to upgrade to an "executive" room that wasn't a whole lot bigger than a standard, but definitely worth it. It was clean and smelled just fine (good in fact) and had a really nice bathroom with a walk in shower and jacuzzi bath tub.. . The casino is a little meh. It seems oddly outdated and it's very, very smoky. Just walking through it, the smell of cigarette smoke is a little overpowering.. . Overall, The Mirage is a nice choice for a stay in Vegas, particularly for it's central location on the strip. Make sure to see Beatles Love while you're here!
The Mirage is a fun and layered casino who's layout and access on the strip isn't annoying. There are several outdoor lounges and international themed bars. There is also a HUGE fishtank by Bank nightclub which is special. I can't review the lodging or shows yet, just the hang-out entertainment factor. Pretty pretty good!
I have stayed here both with my girls and with my lover's family, and both times I have not been disappointed. The beds are ridiculous amounts of comfy, the iHome dock is greatly appreciated and there are enough mirrors and electrical outlets for four girls to share when getting ready. ALL great. :) . Check-in for the group of 16 of us took maybe 20 minutes, but with a bar right next to the front desk we didn't mind too much. The TV in our room wouldn't turn on and when we called for someone to come check it out, I expected it to be a couple hours... not the ten minutes it actually was. Score for quick response time (and of course, for getting the TV to turn on).. Ample number of both fancier and more lowkey restaurants along with a couple lounges and the new 1OAK meant there was something for all of us. I do have to say, my favorite place during my most recent trip... the pool! Sadly, I didn't get a chance to peek in at Bare... maybe next time. I was happy with the normal pool for all I was looking for... sun, warmth, a little music and a huge adult slushie. Mission accomplished, thank you Mirage.. Mirage, you have my mark and I would be happy to stay with you in the future.
The Mirage is fabulous choice if you're looking for a place to stay in Vegas. . . Checking in was pretty effortless, plus we got a $65 voucher towards food and drinks. Our voucher went towards the strong, alcoholic drinks, which were a little pricey, so the voucher was much greatly appreciated. :). . Our room was very nice, great view of the pool and the strip, and had great little touches, like an iHome dock, plenty of outlets, and an actual hairdryer -- not like the wimpy ones you usually get stuck using. Cleaning staff did a great job, too. The casino is easy to navigate, unlike a few others in Vegas. The pool is great, but you need to get up and out there early to save seats because it fills up fast. . . The city itself is expensive, so if you've been there before you're already signed up for that, if its your first time, plan accordingly...or just hope for the best at the slots. Taxis cost a small fortune depending on where you're going, but thankfully The Mirage is located on an intersection,with a traffic light, so you can get in and out quickly. At other hotels, without the lights, your fare can get to $5-10 just waiting to get on to Las Vegas Blvd.. . As for the night life at Mirage, its actually pretty pretty good. Ink Bar was always packed, Rhumbar has great outdoor seating, and the bar right off the casino was really convenient and had stiff drinks. If you want to save some money on booze, there's a Walgreens across the street so stock up there for drinks before going out. . . Also, if you're looking to take in a Vegasie show, The Mirage is home to the Beatles/Cirque LOVE show. Personally, I'm not a die hard fan of either, but this show is phenomenal. I was totally blown away by it and would recommend anyone check it out if you're interested. Absolutely worth it.
I stayed at The Mirage Hotel in Vegas with a group of 4 girls.  It's not a fancy hotel, but I loved it anyway.. . The check in girl was about 22 to 25 years old and didn't smile once. She seemed grumpy, but we brushed it off. We're in Vegas!!. . We asked for a conjoining room and it was available. This definitely made things more fun as we kept the doors between the 2 rooms opened at all times. It felt like a huge room. The beds were extremely comfortable and the place was clean. The bathroom was a little small and I wished the mirror / counter areas were bigger.. . We left a note and a huge tip to the housekeeping staff to change the sheets of one of our beds, but she didn't... however, she took the tip anyway.. . There is also a resort fee that is on top of your charges. You don't get much. Basically, it includes a daily newspaper, which isn't even delivered to your room, business center and use of the fitness room. They used to have 2 bottles of water per day given to you as well, but they took that away. Come on, it doesn't cost much.... . Now the pool was the absolute best part! It was a Polynesian themed pool with a lot of loungers and space for swimming. We didn't feel crowded and dispite all the reviews mentioning that the water was too cold, we thought it was perfect. My only regret was that we had time to relax at the pool for a measley 3 hours during our whole trip. . . The Bare Lounge, which was the dayclub / pool area for VIP's or people who wanted to pay extra for a party atmosphere was pretentious and filled with slimey men. We got in for free, but we didn't enjoy ourselves. If it's your thing, then go for it. Lots of alcohol, music and 50 Cent was suppose to stop by. For me, I rather have fun in the general area.. . The location is excellent and located right in the middle of the strip. You will be close to everything within walking distance and if not, a cab ride won't break the bank.. . Location and pool = good.. Service and taking away water bottles in resort fee = lame.. . Overall we had a fantastic time.
My friend was staying here while she visited so we decided to take advantage and hit the pool Easter Sunday since it was 80.  . There was definitely a lot of other people that had the same idea. Being pretty croweded we were still able to find an area with four chairs.  Friend, hubby didn't get in the pool. (way to cold especially since its suppose to be heated.) but the kids did and had a blast playing around.  The pool bar was easy to get to for us grown up and the drink cost wasn't too bad. . . Moving on to her room. It was really nice for what she paid for it. (Free :) ) I really wanted to take the bed comforter home with me it was so warm and comfy. :). Overall its a beautful hotel.
Love it
I just recently stayed at The Mirage for the first time last week for a medical conference, I have to say that I was very impressed by the accomodations and staff.  . . First off, in regards to the accomodations, I stayed in their basic room at it was great! Elegantly decorated, comfortable bed/sheets, large flat screen LCD television, good size bathroom, and cool views of strip.. . Now to the downstairs, many people might not be interested in the review of the convention center, but for completeness let me say that the facilities and staff did a phenomenal job with the multi-day event.. . The casino is cool with a good layout including reasonable $5 blackjack tables, fun/lively craps tables, and a cool poker room.  Restaurants are great!!  I definitely recommend Stack for a fancier/pricier spot with great American cuisine with a cool ambience and awesome decor.  Also, BLT is a must try as they have a spectacular array of signature burgers and choice of brew.. . Across the street from Venetian and not a bad walk to Caesars and City Center.. . If you're in the mood for good nightlife, 1 OAK is a pretty fun spot with an epic sound system and nice group of people...can get a bit crowded though.. . Enjoy!!
I really liked our room at the Mirage when we went to Las Vegas a few weeks ago.  However, I couldn't tell you too much about the place, because besides being in the room, we were hardly there.  The Mirage does not do as good of a job of promoting what cool things that they have within their hotel as other places in Vegas that I have stayed at.  I have felt almost overwhelmed by the self promotion of other hotels on the strip, but the Mirage didn't seem to do any of that.  For example, someone asked me the week after I returned home if I had seen the zoo at the Mirage (because they know that I am an animal lover).  I was like "what, there is a zoo!  I didn't know!".  I felt like the Mirage was a great place to stay at, but we went elsewhere to find things to do while we were here because we were unaware of what was at our own hotel.. . The room itself was perfect.  We got a great view of the strip because one of the people that I was rooming with said it was their birthday.  They also had free WiFi in the hotel, which always comes in handy for me when I am away from home.. . I did get the chance to check out a couple of the places on the main floor of the Mirage.  I noticed them both in the lobby as we were walking out of the hotel, which was pretty much all I saw of the place.  Here are my reviews of my other experiences at the Mirage during my stay, which were both good and bad:. .  - Rhumbar: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rhumbar-las-vegas#hrid:n1X4lrDl17Cyx4QWQ0LxZw. . - Carnegie Deli: http://www.yelp.com/biz/carnegie-delicatessen-and-restaurant-las-vegas#hrid:fwZCcZwwIOXLgZER00oTrA
I am a Vegas Vet and have stayed just about everywhere, and I have to say I dig the Mirage.  It's an oldie but goodie.  All rooms have been recently renovated with earthy colors and flat screens.  No floor to ceiling windows here, but they do crack open.  (just an odd observation)  Top things to do if you stay here: go see LOVE & go to the pool.  The pool grounds are amazing and the pool itself is gigantic.  My only gripe is that hotel guests cannot rent cabanas.  They are reserved for high rollers. Oh and get there early (like when the doors open) if you want a good spot with 2 chairs together.  Otherwise you have to scope out people who are ready to leave and run before someone else gets there before you.  Overall the Mirage is super comfy, in a great location, and reasonably priced.
The pros:. - Great central location.  . - The rooms are quite nice - comfortable beds, cool decor, good water pressure in the shower, etc.  . - The pool area was very pretty with palm trees and such, as was the jungley solarium filled with fresh flowers.  . - The concierge was great - got us dinner reservations for places both in and out of the hotel, as well as free VIP passes to the clubs.. - We went to Revolution on Saturday night.  It was fun!  Good music, plenty of people in there, but wasn't so packed you couldn't move.  We didn't try 1 Oak - since it was a holiday weekend, the line to get in looked especially long.  Plus, it looked like a real meat market, which wasn't entirely necessary for us with since I was there with my husband and another couple.. . The cons:. - SMOKEY casino.  I was suprised for such an expensive hotel there wasn't a better ventilation system.. - All of the on-property restaurant options were fairly expensive.  There was no food court like many other properties.  Everything we ate ranged from good to excellent, but it was all fairly pricey.  Check out my reviews on Onda, Japonais, Carnegie and BLT Burger.. - It's a big hotel, so there are LOTS of people staying there.  The pool area was just crammed full, with the chaise lounges literally right next to each other.  You just don't have a place to put your $20 pool cocktail down!  But the waitstaff was great out there.. - No cheap tables, but you can walk across the street to find $3 craps and blackjack.. . So, all in all, I'd stay there again.
From a gambling student's perspective, this place is awesomely awesome. . . I went to the Mirage to gamble away the last $30 in my pocket. Do you know how long that lasted me? 6 hours. Where else can you play for 6 hours on 30 dollars? No where! I wasn't even playing slots.. I played Pai Gow. . . So that's my suggestion: bring $30, a sense of urgent desperation, and grab yourself a seat at the Pai Gow tables. SO FUN! . . P.S. Gambling runs in my blood
I went to vegas for a bachelor party.  My room was not too big but not too small with a view looking towards trump tower.  All of the usual services were excellent and it was nice.. . I spent most of my time in the hotel gambling, like you do, and it was a lot of fun.  They have all the games I like (blackjack, paigow, war) and the dealers were among the most engaging I encountered on the strip.. . All in all it was awesome.
I love the mirage. . . We were totally hooked up by the check-in folks. Gorgeous view, nice room, and complimentary champagne. The rooms are clean, good restaurants, nice clean pool area,  and slots that I like. Overall, great experience we will be back for sure.
For a gal in her twenties, Mirage has never been on my radar for a Vegas hotspot. However, a couple of years ago I discovered this place and have been dying to stay, especially since they have remodeled all the rooms. I seriously love this hotel. I like it better than many newer, bigger, more expensive and higher rated ones on the strip. It is a vacay within a vacay. It's a casual venue which is why I love it. . . The tropical theme going on is exactly what I needed to fool myself that I was in an oasis. The hotel is very clean, and has amazing pools. This place has everything to make me happy from their shops, pools, bars and food. . . The lobby is stunning with a huge fish tank at the registration desk. Not to mention the beautiful indoor waterfalls and tropical plants.. . Unfortunately this place apparently attracts kids somehow too. It must be the onsite dolphin attraction. Ughhhh, get them out of here already (kids not dolphins)! It's obviously not the hotel's fault but it kills my mood by 1 star.
I have visited The Mirage a few times, but my last visit was for a convention. The staff is very helpful and friendly and the convention area is huge! Perfect setup for any convention. I love how there is a bathroom on every corner.  (A small yet important factor).. . Unless they renovated in the last couple years, the rooms are not anything spectacular. And for Vegas, you can get much better for less.
My wife and I are budget-hotel people.  We've staged at the Excalibur and Tropicana in the past, and although they were expectedly disappointing, it was in the least, expected.  On a whim, we glanced at the Mirage prices, and decided to splurge the extra $50 per person for the entire trip.  And, now we have found our new go-to Vegas hotel.  Fabulous rooms, great restaurants and the best pool in Vegas.  Absolutely worth the extra few dollars!  One word of caution though -- do not move anything in the mini-bar.  We ended up getting charged an extra $10-15.  Not a big worry in the big scheme of things, but certainly something to watch out for in your bill.
I First came into this place @ 9am before the scorching heated weather starts. Obviously most hotels wont actually let you check in until 10-11, but we couldn't check in until 10:30. So just went ahead got breakfast, took my time, played some rigged slots that lasted me only 5 min, then came back to check in. The lady  checked me in, BUT stared suspicion into me and said "your a minor? you look like a minor". NO I am certainly not a minor thank you very much (never said it like that, but you get the picture :] ). So in order to get to the rooms you have to walk through the casino with tempting slots trying to tell you "give me your money, you know you want to". . .  When we got into the rooms, in my opinion I thought this room is much better than the rooms at Excalibur. It was way spaaaaaacier!! the beds were extremely comfy that made you feel like you were laying in a bunch of "cotton like clouds". The pillows were a bit disappointing it was indeed soft, but soft enough to be flatten out the next day you wake up on it. . .   Nice architect on the bathroom,but the showers are sooo bad! water comes out in big clumps, and runs slow sometimes. One of the towels I used smelled like chlorine, and it wasn't a faint scent of chlorine but it smelled like someone actually had the nerve to dip it into the pool!! tsk, tsk, tsk! Overall my "luxurious" time in the bathroom wasn't a hot experience at all.. . Kind of wish the room I stayed at wasn't located at the end of the hallway. Came back from a long night stupidly wearing heels causing my feet to hurt. After coming out the elevator I remember saying "noooooooooooooooo why is it so far away!!!!?!?!?!" wanted to crawl so badly, but that would've been so awkward for someone to see, and wanted to take my heels off but the thing is well........ I'm not gonna get to that part.
I've stayed here only once, but love to gamble and eat at this casino.  . . The room I stayed in was okay.  The furniture/decor was a bit dated.  But the pool was FANTASTIC.  Love all of the waterfalls and plenty of room to layout and relax.. . The slots are plentiful with a ton of gaming options.  Pretty sure my husband and I will stay here again.
Best hotel I can remember going too! I'm speaking to the room decor, view and connivence to shops. Solid joint!
The Mirage is still a good place to stay in Vegas. Its near the middle of the strip so you have options to like, Caesar's. I went during the 4th of July weekend so it was pretty packed. The service at Mirage was very friendly from the check in, house keeping, pool service and check out. The rooms are clean and beds are comfy. They can use a few more tables such as three card poker but that's just my personal preference. The poker room is not overwhelming so you can get a seat without wait. I would have like to seen more wheel of fortune but again that's a personal preference. The main pool is big and there a two big spa's with shade. Overall i enjoyed my stay here.
Every experience I've had at The Mirage over the past couple of years has been a great one.. Comfortable rooms, complimentary wi-fi, etc.. Never have had a problem with check-in/out and any issues have always been resolved with good customer service..
I stayed here for three days during my second trip to Vegas.  My friends and I had a few issues with the front desk (like being given an unclean room the first time and having our room being accidentally given to another party on our last day).  However, I really enjoyed my stay.  The room we ended up in was beautiful and comfortable and with a great view of the pool.  The location was awesome, as it is next to Caesar's and across from the Venetian.  My first time in Vegas I ended up leaving my hotel quite a bit (MGM), but this time around I found myself staying put and trying the various restaurants and lounges (BLT Burger, BB King's, Onda, Paradise Cafe) in the Mirage, and nothing disappointed.  Although Rhumbar seemed to be dealing with a few rookie employees. I enjoyed the Dolphin habitat and the volcano show.  Highly recommended.  I would've given it 5 stars had it not been for the aforementioned front desk issues.
My husband and I just went for a weekend staycation and I am so happy that we decided on The Mirage.. . Pros: The pool was beautiful, there were tons of restaurants to choose from, it was close to everything, clean, the staff was helpful, the room was just the right size and they little traveling extras were so great I bought some from the gift shop.  Even though it was just me my husband I would go back and bring the kids.. . Cons: It was tough to find a seat at the pool and the seats we did find we literally touching the seats next to us.  The buffet doesn't serve regular breakfast on Saturdays or Sundays so you have to pay $26 for the brunch.  But other than that there really are no complaints.  . . I would stay again in a heart beat!!
My friend and I had a wonderful experience at "The Mirage"!   The location is perfect!  It is right in the center of the Las Vegas Strip.  You can walk to Caesars Palace,  The Bellagio, The Venetian and even the Fashion Show Mall.  When I visit Vegas again,  I would not mind booking another room here.  Our room was not fancy but it was quite comfortable and it was cleaned every day.  The elevators worked well, which was great, because we were on the 19th floor.  The hotel did have a few cons. Of course, just like most hotels on The Strip, "The Mirage" has an imperative resort fee.  It was kind of unfortunate because I never used any of the amenities.  Oh, and try really hard to not grab anything from the mini fridge.  The items were expensive!  My friend was really thirsty and she grabbed a small drink from the mini fridge.  It was around 3 bucks!  Just ignore the cons and you will still have a great time at this hotel.  Before you leave Vegas, make sure to check some attractions at The Mirage.  Listen to the live music at BB King's Blues Club, get a Mocha Mudslide Milkshake from BLT Burger and watch the free Volcano show outside.  The Mirage also has the Cirque du Soleil: The Beatles LOVE show.  I did not have a chance to see it but there is always next time!  :-)
We chose to stay at the Mirage because of its location, attractions and pool reviews. We weren't disappointed! . . Check in was a little crazy - there really isn't a line to stand in, you just bunch up around the desk. Luckily I didn't have to wait too long - the line was much longer at other times we walked by. The check in lady was very nice! We chatted awhile and she gave me some recommendations - and free passes to Sigfried and Roy's animal habitat. Score! When we got back from dinner later that night, she had sent up a bottle of champagne on ice for us! I was really impressed.. . Our room was a 2 queen room and it was very large! We had the "sunset view" room, which gave us a great view of the mountains. We could also see some of the north strip, like the stratosphere. We were on the 10th floor. It's cool how they have 4 sets of elevators, and you go to the ones based on the floor you are staying on. The beds were comfy, TV was big, and they had nice toiletries offered. It was very clean and the housekeeping staff was outstanding. My one complaint about the room was that you could hear EVERYTHING from the hall. I mean, after getting up at 4am to catch my flight that morning, I took a small nap and was constantly disturbed by people walking, talking, and making noise in the hall. One person answered their cell phone and I could hear THE OTHER PERSON on the line. WTF? Luckily it was quieter at night, but every night, I was awakened at least once by someone being noisy. If I were to stay here again, I would try to request a room at the end of the hall and bring my noise machine. . . There are a lot of shops and restaurants in the hotel. The Paradise store has everything known to man, from food to alcohol, souvenirs, toiletries. It's huge. There is a Kardashian store here, which gave me a huge laugh. Nothing of much value there! There is froyo, Starbucks, several casual restaurants, and several upscale. There also is the wildlife habitat, volcano show nightly, nice pool, bars, casino and more. Lots to do!. . The pool area is pretty awesome. It is HUGE and has two waterfalls. You can lounge around the side with your drinks from the Dolphin bar, which are good, and better be for $20 a pop for the bigger size. There are cocktail waitresses that will bring them to you in the pool or at your lounge chair. We went to the pool two afternoons and had no problem getting two chairs together. It is busy, but there were several empty. . . The location is great - we saw Cirque's LOVE here, and it's next door to where they have Mystere (Treasure Island), and across the street from the Venetian and Palazzo shops and a Walgreens, and a few minutes from the Wynn, where we saw the best show ever - Le Reve. We walked everywhere without a problem. It is a lot of walking but is worth it, and good for burning off the calories from drinks and food that you enjoy here! . . Overall, great experience.
Older hotel, but still well kept.  Great deals to be had here.  Still close to many of the other spots.  Plus how much time are you actually spending inside of your hotel?
Still a solid 4 star resort!  Even with every single hotel claiming to be sold out, my friends at the Mirage found me a nice room during a busy 4th of July/UFC Convention/UFC 148/World Series of Poker weekend. . . I have no complaints as the rooms are always nice, clean, and the service up to par.  I do wish the regular rooms would upgrade the bathrooms but a tub shower combo is not the worst.. . The pool is still a highlight with the volcano water falls!
A very, very solid resort. I decided to stay here with some friends for a weekend in my first trip to Vegas. Architecturally, it is not a sight for sore eyes like Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, or The Venetian, but it gets the job done. . . Downstairs there are dozens of restaurants, bars, clubs, food/drink places, and shops for your entertainment. The volcano shows are definitely cool to check out. And the pool, as well as the adult lounge pool area in the back of the hotel is great also.. . Room services and just general treatment of guests is decent. Overall, this place is decent and probably a little bit better priced compared to the fancy-schmancy resorts near the Mirage/
Quite a nice hotel--smells GREAT! The ambiance is very enjoyable.  The room was clean and classic--not too big but not a dive by any means.  The TV was hit and miss when it came to channels working but let's face it--this is Vegas so you don't watch a whole lot of TV.  . . The casino is kept very clean.  The cocktail waitresses are hit and miss as far as being available to get you a drink but once they do come they are quick to serve you.  The dealers are delightful--what a hoot!  . . The restaurant options are great!  We LOVED BLT Burgers but really there are a lot of great places to grab a snack or a full meal.. . Let's face it--BEATLES LOVE is the absolute BEST!  We've seen the show twice and it just gets better and better...would love to see it 100 times!  I only wish we could afford to bring the whole family to see the show.. . Check in is a bit of a nightmare--it seems like there are millions waiting to get checked in.  Baggage handlers are hit and miss as far as being friendly or helpful.  We've had some great service from them and some terrible service in that area too. . . I honestly wish the room came with a fridge that guests can actually USE to keep drinks cold.  If you touch anything in the fridge you are charged for it so you have to bring your own cooler.. . Bottom line, we will be back for sure!  We had a wonderful time!
i got married here on june 22nd 2012 at the mirage at the pool waterfall in the evening! It was amazing and perfect. the wedding was not to long or short the only mistake they made was not telling us that the photographer was included but all photos were not and hitting us with a hefty 1,500 bill so we could have our photos after we just paid 4,000 dollars for a wedding. so that was very shady. so if u get married here don't read the fine print because it was no where in our contract ask lots of questions.
Lava show at Mirage is a fun fire show in the front of the building.  . It's free, starts at 8pm and continues on the hour for the rest of the night.  I'm not sure when it ends, but I'd get there 5-10 minutes before the hour to get a good place to stand.
The room was big and nice.  I asked for a room near the elevator bank.  Seems those are for the elderly or disabled.  The pool was too cold.  It turned my little girls lips blue.  Look for 2 small  Sponge Bobs in the tank at registration desk.  BB Kings was good food & entertainment.  BLT Burger was delish!   Carnegie Deli had spoiled food.  I returned it.  . Take a picture with the Beetles.  The poolside. Pina Colada is Delish!
This was a nice hotel, kind of pricey but amenties were awesome.. . PRO's-Hotel is very nice inside and out. Valet was good, checkin fast, employees were pleasant, clean, lots of bathrooms in casino.  Casino was super clean but kind of empty. Restaurants were good, but kind of pricey.  Rooms were awesome. Beds were comfy queens, pillows were comfy, lots of extra blankets and pillows in the closet, robes, big floor to ceiling windows with view of the strip and volcano. Large TV, hook ups for dvd player, ipod charging, laptop hookup, camera hookup, very impressive, fridge, and comfy sitting area.  Bathrooms were impressive.  big tub, marble floors and sinks, lots of towels, double sinks. very impressive room. thumbs up for me for this hotel.. . CON's-no wifi, pool was closed for renovations, but it looks big, i noticed the chain restaurants were about 40% more pricer then going to a chain location off the strip. The nightly volcano show is loud even with the windows closed.  Room service sucked.  Small portion for big price. they dont do late check outs.
I've never stayed at the Mirage before and I always thought of it was old. So when my wife got a room there for work, I thought it was going to be a bad experience. Since she decided to take me and my son too, my expectations were not that high. Once we got there, I found my expectations to be totally incorrect. . . The hotel was beautiful. When you walk in there's a mini rain forest and it's a surprise. We went to get our room with a dilemma. We needed a fridge because my wife was pumping breast milk. We explained it to the front desk person and she said that they would provide it to us for free. For free! We thanked them for their help and was taken to our room. Once I saw the room, I was blown away. It was modern and very posh yet comfortable. After being in the room for 5 minutes, our mini fridge came up. prompt and fast! We had a great view and we were so tired that my son and I passed out for 2 hours while my wife left for work. The bed was incredibly comfortable and everything in it was great. . . After our nap we checked out the secret garden and walked around the strip. In the evening we checked out the volcano show out front and my son loved it. We loved our stay at the Mirage and will definitely book a room there again.
I have stayed at the Mirage about a half a dozen times over that many years and I am always pleasantly surprised of the great deals that they offer along with the up keep of the hotel. In general the hotel takes good care of their patrons and out of the 6 times I have been upgraded 4 of those times without even asking. It is one of the oldest on strip, but it has kept up quite well with surrounding newer places. . . The lobby is real nice with the mini rain forest and the wall length aquarium. The rooms are well kept and were recently renovated (3yrs), the casino is one of the nicest and lower priced tables in that part of the strip and even better, it's right across the street from the cheapest casinos. I like the sports book here...nice and tucked off to the side allowing for me to sit and do what I do without outside interference.  . . I like the Brazilian steakhouse (Samba), but it is a tad over-price when compared to other comparable places. . . I like the regular and European-style pool (Bare) even though I do not agree with the surcharge for Bare. . . Moreover, the Mirage has housed one of the hottest clubs in Vegas for a while in Jet and now 1 OAK...and nothing beats going out to a hot club and stumbling upstairs to your room instead of taking a taxi.
Happy review as merely a pedestrian on that strange road one calls "The Strip.". . In 104 degree weather, I started my visit to The Mirage outside in the shade, plopped down on a grassy patchacross from some beautiful fountains. Really loved the indoor environment through the main entrance, and enjoyed a delicious cocktail between some beautiful indoor waterfalls, some great looking restaurants, the edge of the casino, and a rock/tropical flowe garden.  Was able to walk straight out of the Mirage and straight into Caesar's Palace, directed by a friendly cocktail waitress. If (ugh, when) I return to Vegas, I'll plan more time over here.
The central location of the Mirage and the pool makes up for the mediocre service.  My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary.  The hotel is do for a renovation.  It is a big outdated.. The pool area is fabulous and it is one of the best!. The range of restaurants is one of the best on the strip.. The valet / bag area has a wait anytime of the day - I am not against waiting 5 - 10 minutes, but 15 minutes is when I become annoyed.. Our two preferred hotels are Caesars Palace and the Mirage.  We hope that the MIrage will continue to improve its hotel and service.
I dig the vibe from this hotel. I stayed here many, many years ago. About 8-10 years or so. I remember liking it very much back then, and I liked it just the same when I went back this week. Although I didn't stay here, I did walk around inside.. . I've been to Vegas many times in between, but hadnt really focused on the hotel interior, or just hadn't passed by this hotel at all since.. . The earthy, oasis feel it has is great. Even with all the new contemporary hotels sprawling up left and right, this one still has that old-school charm and history, while still looking clean. Cleanliness is something that many historic hotels lose. They become dilapidated, rusty and just...plain OLD looking. The Mirage is none of these.
We normally stay at the MGM Signature but got comped a 3 night stay and I am truly surprised at how nice our stay was. Check in was quick and easy and even though the casino is older, they do a good job of keeping it clean and filtering the air so that the cigarette smell isn't overwhelming.. . They have redone the rooms and usually this type of room would be an upgrade at different Vegas hotels.  We were on the second floor and didn't have the best view but our room was large, clean, and had a modern, upscale look. The bed was comfortable and had overhead reading lights and the AC worked well and was very quiet.  The flat screen had lots of channels but no HBO.  The bathroom had high end touches and the lighted, magnifying mirror was a nice touch and I also used it as a night light.  What I didn't care for was that the bathroom was very small and the shower pressure was incredibly powerful and almost hurt.  I liked that the closet was spacious and there was a safe.  We never heard anything from other rooms but people were really loud in the hallway even late into the night. There is a fridge in the room but it is stocked with alcohol and snacks.  If you remove any of it you'll automatically be charged for it and the prices are so unreasonable that it's better to go to the first floor shop for drinks and snacks.  . . The location is right in the center of the strip.  To one side you are steps away from the Forum shops of Caesar's Palace which houses more high fashion designers under one roof than anywhere in the world.  In the other direction you are close to Treasure Island and the Palazzo.  It's easy to walk to all the places.  MGM, Luxor, Excalibur are on the other end of the strip and you may want to take the monorail but that's easy to get to.  From the Mirage, just cross the street and the monorail is located inside of Harrah's.. . The Mirage has a really great buffet with tons of food options.  We ordered room service one night and the food arrived at the promised time, 45 minutes, and our pizzas were very good.  There are no upscale shopping choices in the Mirage but that's okay because the Forum Shops are next door!  The pool was large with lots of chairs and you'll need your room key to get in.  We had a great stay and will definitely be back.
I like the Mirage. Ever since their remodeling a few years back, they've cleaned the place up, buffed up the service and all in all has done a good job. Rooms booked the last two times average about $120-180 a night (if you ask nicely, they might bump you to a larger view room, YMMV) . . We had a two bedroom, strip-view room. Very roomy and great for a couple of girls looking to get away. They did regular turn-down service and when requested, brought us extra pillows, blankets, towels, all pretty promptly. . . I'd recommend it! Location is decent too, easy for walking or even driving around the Strip.
First time staying here last weekend, very impressed! . . Clean rooms and casino. Friendly and helpful staff. Comfy beds too, we got the standard room for 2 nights. King size bed and still plenty of room to walk around in room. with a view of the pool. . . Loved the bare pool. Which is topless but optional, I'd say about 1/3 women went topless and no one made u feel uncomfortable if u did or didn't. Look for promoters outside the pool, I got free entry and my bf got in for $10 originally $10 gals and $40 guys. If u want a place to sit besides the pool u will need to purchase lounge chairs, day bed, orcabana. Chairs $50 per. Bed about $250 and cabanas around $1,000. But all food and drinks go towards ur total. Which is easy to do btw. Buckets $50 pitchers $75 singles $12. I will def be returning here. Fun relaxed environment. . . Reason for only 4 stars was the shower, the water pressure was out of control, I felt like I was getting washed with a pressure washer! Ouch! But I guess I would also complain if it was too weak so..oh well. . . Go check it out! Loved it and will b back!
I think the hotel itself is 3stars compared to others on the strip but the location and price bumps it up to 4.  The rooms are smaller compared to other hotels i have stayed at.  The check in/out was easy and fast. I didn't like that it was 1050am and we were about to check out but still grabbing luggages and the room service lady was already opening the door.  Also this random guy knocked our door 5times to see if the mini bar fridge needed refill at 3pm.  He knocked until we opened the door and had the sign "privacy please" outside the door. But for M life deal we received, it's something minor that happened.  I will stay again if I'm on a budget.
I heart the Mirage.  . . Here's why:. -The rooms are clean and the decor is pretty awesome [Oriental inspired]. -They have a kid pool and an adult pool [top-optional if you get my drift]. -They have a Carnegie Deli---ohhhhh happy days. -2 decent choices for Steak -Kokomos & Stack & even Japonais if you want to get technical. - Rooms are affordable. -They have reasonably priced tables, unlike the Palms who has a $25 min at any BJ tables on a Tuesday at um 7 pm????. - Central location is awesome and it's right next to Caesar's so you can walk to the Forum Shops [more food, more shopping, more happy Danielle]
Very nice hotel in a great location! We were only there for one night as part of a cross-country road trip, so I'll admit I didn't get to experience everything that the hotel has to offer. But I did check out the casino, and that was fun. Best casino in that general area. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated, you can tell that the place has been remodeled recently. Overall a great place to stay in Vegas.
The Mirage-Treasure Island shuttle saved our lives.  Our feet were super exhausted, and we couldn't walk anymore.  The shuttle provided great distance for us to rest on the car for a few minutes.  We really appreciate about it.. . Watch LOVE!
Another unique casino in the middle of the Vegas strip. I've been to a couple of casinos in Vegas and the Mirage does not disappoint.  Even though I am still on my quest in experiencing all the casinos in Vegas, I cannot wait to come back to the Mirage.  The pool is awesome and the couple of restaurants and bars/lounges they have feel different than other casinos and are good in their own right as well. . . The whole place feels modern and up-to-date.  Clean and prestige.  And the layout is not confusing and feels open and generous.. . The rooms are decent. I spent my nights in the deluxe room (the normal one) and it's clean and modern.  Nothing special but also nothing that will give it a negative review.
The beds were incredibly comfy, but you can hear all the noise from the hallway, which woke me up before sunrise each night. The pool is big, the casino waitstaff is attentive, and valet parking is included in your room stay. It's a fun & clean casino with sleek rooms!
This was our first time staying at The Mirage and we were pleasantly surprised! Will, our front desk agent, was super personable, friendly, and down to earth. He even hooked us up with a killer view to celebrate my birthday. We were able to check in immediately. The bags were brought up to our room within 10 minutes of checking in. Talk about service!. . The rooms were clean and up to date. Not so much a fan of the resort fee since the internet didn't even work in our room, but overall loved the place.. . And Adria D.... it's Vegas. What do you expect at 4AM?!
I recently stayed at The Mirage for a business conference and was impressed with the level of service and amenities. The room was spacious, bed was comfortable, and casino helped me leave Vegas a winner. I hated the pillows because they were all down and not what I prefer to sleep on. The bellman was a little pushy, but all other staff was courteous. I would certainly return.
Great place to stay, great view, awesome tropical atrium in the lobby.
This place is just gorgeous. We love the dolphins and Lions in the back, as well as the volcano in the front. If you are heading to vegas, you should definitely put The Mirage at the top of your go-to list.
Where do I even begin?! The Mirage has a little bit of everything - they have restaurants, shopping, entertainment, a casino, pool, bars, convention halls, and hotel rooms. It's almost like being at a resort! I came here for work, so unfortunately I didn't get to have a lot of fun and enjoy the pool, swim with the dolphins, or enjoy a show. I'm also not a gambler so this isn't a review to read if you're looking to see if their casino is awesome. But I did get to explore just about everything else!. . Hotel: The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Every person I ran into said hello. I was surprised at the line at the font desk when we walked in, but they moved it quickly. They were also able to hold our luggage when we checked out (we had a late flight out). The hotel itself is very pretty and clean on the inside - there are signs everywhere telling you where everything is at, they also have a map. There are waterfalls when you first walk in, and it kind of smells like coconut. That smell got old after a while.. . My room had a nice view and was very clean. I wouldn't say it was the best room I've ever stayed in (the Wifi didn't work well, they don't have a lot of TV channels, and my bathroom light kept flickering). But, it was nice for how long I was there. . . Restaurants/Bars: There's a pretty decent variety in restaurants. We barely left the hotel since we were there for a convention, so we mostly ate here. There was enough of a variety that we didn't get sick of anything and were able to try something new every day. Some places are a little more upscale than others - I wouldn't say any of them are cheap.  There's a few bars inside that get crowded at night. They have Rhumbar which is an outdoor lounge - that was fun too.. . Shopping: There is a little bit of shopping within the Mirage. I would say it is mostly upscale shopping. It's nothing like Caesar's - I wouldn't call it a mall by any means. There are just a few stores.. . Convention Halls: A little out-of date and out of the way of everything else. They were also confusing to get around in - there aren't many signs telling you where other rooms are at, and the rooms are not marked well. It served its purpose.. . Overall, I think this is a good hotel and a fun place to stay. If I came back I would probably try to explore another hotel, but that's just because I don't like seeing the same thing twice. I would also come back and enjoy some of the entertainment here!
It was clean. The view from my room was horrible, but who comes to Vegas for a nice hotel view? lol over all a great experience.
The price was good for the strip and the location was centrally located. The free valet was a nice relief. The staff was friendly and the room was clean.. . Definitely pay the extra money to upgrade and get a view of the strip and volcano from your room if you have the option!
I suppose the Mirage would be a 5 star hotel just about anywhere else in the world.  But Las Vegas is not just anywhere else in the world.  It's an older property and the rooms are not exactly luxurious, but they are extremely clean and have everything you could ever need or want.  . . I stayed here recently after receiving an email offering a two nights' stay and two tickets to the Cirque du Soleil show, "Love."  The offer was for about $150 out the door for everything.  That's not a per night charge.  The show tickets are not great (nosebleed) but there really is not a bad seat in the house.  So two nights and two show tickets for $150 is a pretty rocking deal (and it is a great show, by the way).. . Would I stay here again?  For the right price, sure.  It's in a good location and has all the amenities of all the other hotels.  It's not a 5 star spot (by LV standards) but then again, you aren't paying $400 a night.  I can live with that.
PROS:. . - Great price. - Fabulous location right in the heart of the strip. - Although older, it is well-maintained. - Monorail to TI saves some walking time to get to the north part of the strip. - Good restaurants inside the resort (BLT burgers, Starbucks, Cravings buffet, CPK, Carnegie's deli). - Extremely comfortable beds. - Friendly, professional and helpful staff. - Since we booked a vacation package we got a $75 dining credit. . . CONS:. . - $25 resort fee is useless. We thought we'd be getting bathrobes, free bottled water etc. NOPE. - Tap water tasted like pool water. I could not drink more than a cup without gagging..particularly problematic after drinking alcohol all day. We suspected this was on purpose, to make you want to buy their bottled water in a moment of desperation. . - Lots of extremely white trash stumbling around completely wasted. - The dolphin exhibit is not free. Mirage guests only get a $2-3 discount. - Casino is not as fancy as others
Spend here new years eve weekend with my family. As any Las Vegas hotel, it's full of casinos, smoke, good restaurants (Fin a chinese restaurant, Japanois, Fin, Stake, BLT burger, Starbucks, Carnegies deli, etc)  in the first floor and some other stores as well as nightclubs and bars. The rooms were clean and had the basic neccesities. I didn't interact very much with the hotel staff, but when I did they always had a smileand were very helpful givine directions.
Great pricing on rooms (I guess this depends on the time of year). Central location (all the good stuff is North of Caesars ;) ). Down pillows are AMAZING.. . Mirage, while not the fanciest hotel on the strip, gets the job done. After all, you're just here to sleep, right? And in some cases, not even...so why pay a premium for a place to put your luggage?. . If you book at the right time, you can even get food credit to spend on any restaurant or room service...and since I didn't fancy any of the restaurants, the credit went a long way towards 4AM buffalo wings!. . And what's with the resort fee?
I stayed here recently with my family. We had a wonderful suite with a great view of the Strip. Housekeeping was quite fine. We had excellent meals on the main floor. I had a massage at the spa with Desiree, whom I would recommend; I've had a slight sciatica problem for months and she helped settle it down a bit.  . . Check in and check it took some time, but it was a very busy place. I'd have to say that the city was the busiest I'd seen it since the 2008 financial debacle.. . I see a lot of complaints. All I can say is that given the level of the crowds, I thought everything went quite well.
Decide to cancel our reservation at the Aria last month and try the Mirage instead. We reached Vegas late the night of December 6th and found that we got a double bed even though we had asked for a king during reservation. A quick call to the Mlife counter and we were whisked away to another room with a king bed and a great view of the strip on one of the higher floors.. Gambling was fun at the Mirage and we spent almost 90 percent of our gambling time there. The dealers were friendly and people at the table were fun. This was our first time staying so far up north on the strip and we really liked it. Usually, we stay at Mandalay Bay which is on the southern tip of the strip or at the Aria, which is more centrally located.. We always make it a point to go BLT Burger regardless of where we stay on the strip and we have never been disappointed. This time was no exception either. Their burgers are awesome and I love their Knight Rider shake.. . We tried out Stack for dinner one night and it was not bad at all. The ambiance is good and the food was pretty decent.. . Oh, and the best part, Mlife comped off our entire stay when we checked out (except for my wife's spa bill), which was very nice of them. Probably their way of compensating us for all our gambling losses for the trip! :)
My typical stay in Vegas may be a little different than most people's.  I don't come to gamble - I come to walk.  Walk the casinos, walk the shopping plazas, walk the Strip and take in all the superficial, Vegas-y goodness that I possibly can before I need a good dose of reality and normalcy again.. . So an ideal hotel for me in Las Vegas is based as much on location as anything else.  And that's why I like the Mirage.  Not only does it fully embrace the Polynesian, island-y theme with its lava spewing volcano and lush, tropical interior, but it's very centrally located on the Strip.. . We stayed here on my first and third trip to Vegas and I couldn't have been happier.  The average rooms are nothing special, but that's all you need, you shouldn't be spending much time other than sleeping in the room anyway.    . . I disliked having to walk all the way through the casino in order to get to the room elevators, but quickly learned that was par for the course, and our room had a great view of the main drag and volcano out from our window, which was nice.  And there's a tram that travels between the Mirage and Treasure Island, that was very convenient when we saw Mystere one evening.. . Inside there's a number of restaurants and buffets (all overpriced but the Carnegie Deli's pretty good for breakfast), a dolphin habitat, a large pool area complete with cabanas (which you must stake a claim to before the crack of dawn), lots of plants and tropical trees and a large casino area on the main floor (duh) - which never seems very fully or energetic.. . The people watching even from the elevators to the front desk is superb (people watching anywhere in Las Vegas is superb, honestly).  But I really enjoyed it, and stepping out into the middle of the bustling Vegas thoroughfare and crowds immediately was great.  . . Really, the best thing the Mirage has going for it is it's location: close to Caesars, close the Fashion Mall just the other direction, and the luxurious Venetian and other ritzy hotels right around there.  That's the best thing going for it.  I recommend it solely based on that.. . If you want to have a great starting point to see Vegas for a few days, consider making camp here.
This hotel has a lot of amenities and a really cool fish tank in the check-in lobby. The rooms are comfortable but the pillows are wack! I had an overall good experience staying in their executive suite on the upper level. The villa was huge and had a great view of the strip. The Mirage has an awesome volcano show in the evening and is worth it to watch live.
My stay here was very pleasant and it's one of the best hotels for the price and location near all the new clubs and whatnot. The only thing that sucks, which sucks at every other hotel, is the resort fee. Staff was nice and I had zero problems with my room. Keep up the awesome work Mirage.
The Mirage is like one of those girls that hangs out with the super-hot popular chicks that the whole lacrosse team wants to get drunk and screw, but she's not one of them, not quite as popular or pretty, but enough so that they let her stick around. I know it doesn't sound like it, but this is a compliment. These girls wouldn't let the MGM Grand hang out with them, and certainly not Treasure Island. But they like the Mirage and invite her to all the cool parties because she's fun and witty in a way they'll never be, but still totally non-threatening because she's an eight and they're totally tens.. . In fact, what's weird about the Mirage is that she's kind of cool for NOT being the super-hot popular chick. She doesn't drive daddy's BMW Series 3 or wear Manolo Blahniks. She's classy, she's approachable. Nice to the lesser girls and secretly smart -- she's going to Cal Tech this fall on a full scholarship and she doesn't even talk about it. She's athletic instead of bulimic, she can play the trombone, and she once hiked the Pacific Crest Trail. And what are those other girls doing? Indoor tanning to death and getting hammered on wine coolers. They're overpriced, all bling and no substance. The Mirage is easy going and can hang with the boys. In fact, she's coming over today to watch the Super Bowl, she's got money on the Ravens and she's not going to spend the whole time asking what's a two-point conversion and standing in front of the TV while hoovering Diet Sprite and vodka.. . OMG I JUST REALIZED I LOVE YOU PLEASE MARRY ME MIRAGE!!!
Was just here a few weeks ago on a work trip. Hotel was lovely, staff was very friendly, room service always arrived on time, and the hotel was extremely clean! The bed was super comfortable, nothing compared to my own bed of course, but the second best thing! I will definitely be staying here again on another Vegas trip.
Pleasantly surprised by the Mirage.  NIcer than I thought from reading the reviews.  Frankly, anything nicer starts getting pretentious.  Place had a nice friendly vibe.  Staff was great, although they don't comp well, but I think all places have cut back. Got a $39 a night weekend rate.  New club 1 oak had plenty of lovely ladies wandering around.  Restaurants were cool.  I see how it's not the best place in town, but it was good and you sensed that they wanted your business.  Wish the dice tables had been a little hotter, but hey.  Seriously, best, wildest dice game in town is right across the street at the Casino Royale.  $3 tables, 20x odds and nobody gets mad when people start hollering and spilling beer. Gets crazy.
I was pleasantly surprised with my recent stay at the Mirage and would gladly stay at this hotel again.. . LOVES:. 1) LOCATION: Located on the strip, closer to the North end. As any of you regular Vegas goers know, location is everything!  For this particular Vegas trip the majority of our plans had us at the North end of the strip which made it convenient for us to get around by foot or taxi.  . . 2) FRONT DESK/LOBBY AREA:  I love love love the pretty (and huge) aquarium situated right behind the front desk. It runs the length of the front desk area, so as you're waiting in the long line to check in or check out at least you've got a lovely view of the pretty aquarium to keep you entertained.  . . 3) ROOM RATES: I usually book MGM or the Gold Coast for Vegas trips because of their bargain rates, but when fellow Yelper Ingrid R told me about the goodrates at the Mirage I checked it out. Our room rates for our stay were as follows: . Fri 12/21   $72. Sat 12/22  $72. Sun 12/23 $56. However, keep in mind as with any other hotel in Vegas the above room rates did not include the daily $25 resort fee nor the 12% room tax.  So including all the fees and taxes the entire stay came to $309. . . 4) ROOMS: Although me and my boyfriend's room was all the way at the end of the hall, we scored a corner room that was slightly larger than our other friends' rooms and had better views because of the semi wraparound windows. My favorite part about the room was the abundance of mirrors they had, aside from the mirror in the bathroom. As soon as we walked in, I noticed a full length mirror to my left (absolute must have in any Vegas hotel room); the mirrored closet; and a rather large hanging mirror on the wall next to the bathroom door.  Regardless of who was in the bathroom and how long the bathroom was in use, the mirrors came in handy for the other one to still get ready.  Enough about the mirrors lol, the rest of the room was nice: simple modern decor; comfy bed; large flat screen tv; etc. Although the bathroom was pretty small compared to other hotels I've stayed at. . . 5) BLT: You'll have to read my BLT review for more details, but what a great find and soooooo convenient!!! Good food & awesome shakes!!!  The group of us ended up eating here multiple times during our Vegas trip.  . . Aside for the small bathroom in our room, there really isn't anything to dislike about the Mirage.  I'm not sure when our next trip to Vegas will be but I'm keeping the Mirage in my list of go-to hotels to stay at.
I was satisfied with The Mirage's lobby and restaurants. Friendly staff and good food.. . The Volcano is awesome! An excellent show that complements the fountains at the Bellagio nicely. . . This is one of MGM Resorts' better properties.
The Mirage was a wonderful hotel!  The location was absolutely perfect!  It was on the side of the Strip that I felt safest and was located by some cheap eats as well.  Right across the street was a 24 hour Walgreens which we visited every night, there was a Denny's and also a McDonalds.  The staff was friendly, the room was very clean.  I loved the Volcano every night.  It was one of the coolest things I've ever experienced.  They had restaurants inside which we didn't dine at. Overall a great experience!  I'd highly recommend it and would love to visit again!
I didn't stay here but did take the time to check out the property.  Truthfully, by day 3 the casinos all started to run together and it was hard to tell one from the next.  My husband loved it.  They have a large poker room and he happily spent 3+ hours of his time there.  . . That left me a lot of time to wander.  I paid to see the dolphins and big cats and got some outstanding pictures and really enjoyed it.  Seeing that it was built as a partnership with the National Aquarium here in Baltimore, I didn't mind spending the $20 to check it out.  It is very well done and it was too fun watching the baby dolphin play.  . . The casino has a ton of shows, shops and restaurants.  There is not a good convenience store that I could find easily but if you hop the tram to Treasure Island there is a shop right there to find some sundries.
I spent 3 nights at the Mirage last weekend, and have also visited the Casino on several other occasions.. . The Mirage is a nice hotel. Rooms are very clean, spacious, and comfortable. The casino is smaller than most of the others on the strip... I personally like that about the Mirage, because it is a little less overwhelming than the other resorts and it is easy to navigate. We had an amazing view from the 23rd floor that looked out over both the strip and the hotel pool/dolphin habitat (we woke up to jumping dolphins!). . The pool is beautiful. Went to most of the bars and lounges and it was a good time. Lots of drink specials and relaxed atmosphere. . . We ran into no problems with check-in or check-out, received several comps and a $75 resort credit, and found everyone to be very friendly and pleasant. . . The only thing I would say is I wish there were more casual late night dining options. BLT Burger is awesome, but I want some variety. The only other place that's open late is the Carnegie Deli, and it is insanely overpriced (being from New York it was hard to justify spending $25 on a pastrami sandwich). . . The BEST thing about the Mirage is it's location! It is central on the strip! Close to plenty of public transportation options, but a quick walk to most of the shopping centers, and a breeze to get to most of the other casinos. . . I would definitely stay here again.
I stayed here during my first trip to Vegas, and I'm surprised to read all negative reviews. I guess it helps that my boyfriend is basically a Vegas veteran and showed me all the other major hotels during our stay. I have to say, aside from the Wynn, I thought The Mirage was definitely one of the nicer hotels. The overall decor of the hotel (lobby, casino, etc.) was very nice -- plenty of places for photo opps. The restaurants were all pretty great (pricey, but that's expected). The staff was friendly. We checked in early. Housekeeping was very thorough and efficient. Other than not having an empty fridge in the room (minus one star), I had a very pleasant stay here. The fire show outside is fun to see. If we had more time, I would've liked to hang out at the hookah bar. This is definitely a good option for a Vegas first-timer.
This hotel is one of the best hotels I stayed at in Vegas next to Planet Hollywood. I did not like the resort fees but whatever you cant really get rit of it. I would like to stay here again but this time with the pool open. I went in Jan after New Years. It was cold so most pools were not open. My room was nice and the bathroom was okay. No fridge but I heard you can order on just let them know.
I didn't stay here, but enjoyed the casino and the Beatles's Cirque show LOVE. Absolutely the best show I have seen in a long long time.
Sejour familial a 5 au Mirage. Bien que nous ayons pris soin de demander via notre agence de voyage d'avoir deux chambres communicantes, la consigne n'avait visiblement pas ete transmise. Apres quelques minutes de discussion, l'hotesse d'accueil a fini par nous trouver deux chambres mitoyennes, communicantes. Quelques minutes de plus ont permis de negocier les $40 de supplement que ce genre de chambre prevoit theoriquement.. A part ce menu desagrement, les chambres sont spacieuses et propres, et l'hotel est tres agreable. Tout est en supplement bien sur, mais comme partout a Vegas.. La piscine est grande et joliment paysagee. Les enfants l'ont adoree. Il y a suffisamment de transats pour que chacun puisse faire une petite sieste au soleil.. Nous ne sommes pas alle voir les tigres blancs, ni les dauphins (cher et beaucoup de monde).. Le spectacle du Volcan commence le soir a 7:00 pm, mais allez-y plutot quand la nuit est bien noire. Les effets sont plus impressionnants.
This place is pretty awesome!. Negative: The rooms can be pretty expensive, and when there are conventions in town, the place can be pretty packed. Sigfried and Roy's Secret Garden was very expensive, and not really worth it. . . Positive: It is located in an amazing spot on the strip. The pool is amazing, very large and very family friendly.
Been to LV many times but first time at the Mirage;  beautiful & CLEAN room with a nice layout, fine casino and a great location.  However I have three minor complaints:. . 1.  There is no quick place to get a bite to eat.  When the casino is busy (Thursday, Friday, Saturday) all restaurants have a line.  Sometimes I just want a hot dog, burger, steak sandwich something you can pick-up and have a seat yourself area.  It's not the money (that's flying out of my pocket anyway) and I'd gladly pay $7.00 for a "special" hot dog or $11.00 for a burger.  Just want it quick.  There is no traditional "coffee shop" either.  The only quick option is an overpriced Turkey & Cheese on dry wheat bread or similar choice with sprouts at Starbucks.  . . 2.  Our room door key card only worked on it's fourth to tenth try.  A helpful bellman told me you need to slide the card in "gently".  It eventually works but a recurring pain in the a**.  The area to replace the card always had a line.. . 3.  On the weekends this hotel seems to attract the cockeyed hat, pants below your a** crowd, along with 20 something girls in skirts the size of band-aids and ridiculous high heels.  Other "better" hotels did not attract this crowd on weekends.  It may have to do with the late night club on the premises and/or who was appearing/happening that particular weekend.  This ain't my crowd but I will admit the girls were interesting!. . We would stay at the Mirage again, however there are many hotels in The Mirage quality and price point and next trip would mostly likely give another a try.
If you like pina colada...you'll like this hotel. . Thats the smell I experience as soon as I stepped into the hotel.  I happen to enjoy it so from the start I knew I was going to like this place.  . . We had a free suite comp for the night and it was great knowing that we had our own semi-private elevator section for the suite levels.  Only minor thing was in order to get to all the elevators you had to go on a little trek through the casino.  Would have been nice to have the elevators closer to the front desk and exit to the garage.. . The suite we had was fantastic.  Great sized living area with an enormous bathroom.  The bed was large and comfortable.  Sadly, we only spent one night there.  Was definitely an upgrade from other rooms at other hotels.  . . The one thing I noticed about the Mirage is they really support their performing acts.  We went to see the Beatles Love and Beatles music encompassed the entire casino.  Boyz II Men were also performing and there was tons of their music and pictures around the hotel.  They proudly display their performing artists.  . . Had a great experience here and would highly recommend.
Mirage is a good solid Vegas hotel and works for my Family.  We've tried a few others. It's in a good location.  Go on the tram, you're in TI and next to TI is the Mall.  Cross the street and there's Harrah's, Venetian, McDonald's, and Walgreens.  Go the other direction and you are right next to Ceasar's.  These are Vegas blocks, the lengths of hotels, but faster than getting in your car and driving over, and definitely cheaper than a taxi.  . . Their pool closes at 6 pm, but it's more shaded than Trump, Aria, and Venetian.  . . We order food to go from Carnegie Deli & BLT and enjoy it in our room. Cravings Buffet is a little more expensive  than TI and Harrah's, but good for a buffet.  They also have a Starbucks, another coffee place with pastries, and a frozen yogurt place.  . . Our rooms have always been clean.  There's a small counter space/shelf along half the wall, with drawers underneath, a flat screen tv set on top, and a table/desk.   On the side is a mid-size dresser with a lamp, dresser is big enough for a coffee machine and miscellaneous.   . . They are also part of mlife players club.
We has a one bed suite and really enjoyed it. Huge space in the suite. Very sleek.. . Speedy check in and check out.. . They also have a fair amount of restaurant options there.. . The casino had fairly reasonable minimums and a very youthful crowd. I really enjoyed the stay and would come back.
That's cool. Had a wonderful experience in Mirage! Nice beds... Nice people!
Used to be a cheesy place but now it's classy and centrally located. It's rather affordable too!
I always wanted to stay at The Mirage, and I finally did on my last visit.  It's not the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, but it's still pretty nice.  The regular rooms are a very decent size, are modernly decorated, have nice beds, all the TV/WiFi stuff, a big bathroom and an acceptable shower -- all things I look for in a hotel that I'm paying over $100 on a Tuesday night in April (aka, more than a lot of other hotels in the area). . . I LOVED their pool.  . . The bars here were also cool - I really liked the look of Revolution; The Beatles bar that is in the casino, but we didn't have a chance to check it out. . . We did brunch at their in-casino buffet, and it was just okay too.
I Love this place... They're slowly working on the remodel.. . It can only get better
This is a great hotel in an excellent location and everything is clean but there are a bunch of tiny little things that make it not perfect. . . 1. The shower: the water is instantly hot and the bathroom is clean but the hotel room is like a sauna after someone takes a shower because there is no fan. . . 2. The room doesn't have adequate light. Even with all the lights on it's not bright enough to read and it feels dark and depressing.. . 3. The bed is amazing! The location is the best on the strip and the staff are all very friendly and make you feel very welcome. There is some minor remodeling going on so it's on the road to improvement. When we come back to Vegas there is a 100% change we will stay here.  The pool is one of the best on the strip but get there right when they open if you want shade.
The location is great since its very centrally located. Rooms are nice. $25 restort fee.
First off - I've never been inside of the Mirage, I've simply been to the volano show out front. It's a perfect stop for any out-of-towners who are visiting. The jungle sounds are a little whacky, but it's a great way to let you know that you're about to be wowed, momentarily. I love the combination of fire and water, the volcano is fun and first timers get a huge kick out of it. . . I love that it's just a little peek of how Vegas loves to wow its guests :)
For some reason people have the idea that this hotel isn't nice? This hotel has great rooms! Everything is modern and beautiful and the rooms are crazy cheap. The downstairs lobby and food isn't anything amazing in my opinion but the rooms are great. I have a few select hotels I will stay in Vegas and this is one of them. I've been to most hotels and this one is probably one of the best for it's price.
I seem to get more MLife comps at the Mirage and at first I didn't like this place but it has grown on me and now I dig it.. . Location is great you can walk to Caesars or Venitian/Palazzo in minutes. . Casino seems dark and smallish but I have won here three times.. Pool is nice and good drink service.. Buffet is decent, not the best but good for a trip.. Aces of Comedy...seen Tosh, Lewis Black, and Ron White....hilarious!. Beatles show is also pretty cool.. Stack steak house is amazing.
Stayed at the mirage this past weekend for edc and had a great experience here. Rooms were neat and well organized, and we had plenty of complimentary toiletries for the little things we accidentally forgot to pack.. . My girl checked us into our room and was given a strip view deluxe room. The lady who was checking us in was totally sweet and offered us water and directed us to where our room was on a map of the hotel. Throughout our stay the maid service employees were extremely accommodating to us when we asked for extra towels, toilet paper, and other items. The only downfall I would say was that we had to call the front desk each day when we wanted our room cleaned and serviced. They forgot about us one day, but immediately fixed the problem when we called about it. . . Overall, I would stay in this hotel again. Yes, there are better hotels on the strip to stay at, but for the price and what we got. I was satisfied.
Getting bored with Aria, my wife and I wanted to stay within the MGM group and try a new hotel. We have a goal to stay in every place on the strip in our lifetime. Bellagio was naturally the first choice, but I didn't have any offers for the property. The Mirage offered 2 comp nights and $150 in freeplay. Sounds like a winner! Booked through VIP services with ease, and anxiously awaited our trip.. . We arrived Friday night around 8:30 pm. Our room was ready, and no upgrades were available. The friendly front desk agent heeded our requested room/bed preferences, we were given our keys, and off we went.. . The room itself was a standard deluxe room, and altogether not overly impressive. It was, however, clean and comfortable. Well decorated with good lighting, an oversized lounge chair, and a desk with 2 chairs. The bathroom was tiny in comparison to most newer hotels we have visited, but this is a minor complaint. The electronics cluster above the desk was an unexpected perk. I should have done more research and noted it earlier, I would have brought an HDMI cable to watch Netflix on the 40" (estimated) flat screen TV. A cable connection kit is offered in the mini bar, should you be so inclined to purchase one. I was not. The bed was very comfortable, although this is a subjective opinion of someone who has a modern day torture rack to sleep on at home. Your opinion may vary, but I don't think anyone could say it was bad.. . On to the casino. The casino floor layout is a confusing one, and we never really got our bearings as the weekend went on. A good mix of slots and denominations. The lowest tables were at a $10 minimum for the most part. We had no problem finding our favorites, or a new machine to try out. All the dealers we encountered were very friendly. Cocktail service in the slots was hit or miss, but lay out a decent tip on your first round, and you'll get good attention from the server in your area. You're not paying for those drinks, so why not? A 5 spot for 2 drinks seemed to do the trick.. . We had room service for breakfast on both Saturday and Sunday. The food arrived in under an hour hot and delicious. On Sunday, the poached eggs on my Benedict were overcooked, but I was so hungry I didn't care and powered through it. Saturday night, we tried BLT Burger. Moderately priced and decent, but really not worth elaborating beyond saying it was OK.. . All in all, a good visit. Disappointed we did not get the chance to check out the pool due to the ridiculous heat this particular weekend, where temps soared to 117 degrees, but it gives us something to look forward to when we return...
I have been to The Mirage many times over the last couple of years. I usually have discounted rooms through my Mlife players card. For the prices I get with my Mlife account, the rooms are great. I don't know if I'd pay the full price (when they are sometimes $200+ a night) for the rooms though. The location is great, the rooms are modern and very nice but a bit small for the standard rooms. The beds are very comfy. The TVs are perfect size for the room and come with more than enough channels to keep you entertained. There has only been once that I've had an issue with the hotel - it was with housekeeping - and the front desk manager fixed the problem right away and made me feel appreciated. The Mirage is my go-to hotel in Vegas. I am here anywhere between 8-10 times a year and I have stayed all over the strip - from hotels like Bally's, Aria, Treasure Island, Palazzo, etc. and the Mirage has the right mixture of comfort and price to keep me coming back.
Stayed here pre-July 4th, during huge heat wave in Vegas.  Had a great experience, once again.. ***PROS:. - Located in middle of the Strip, very convenient to almost everything. - Smaller than some other casino-hotels..easy to get around.  Pool is just a short walk from room elevators (unlike MGM Grand and others, where you have to walk 90 milesto the pool).. - ALL the employees we encountered-- cocktail servers, dealers, maids, check in, etc. were super friendly, nice, helpful, made us feel "at home".. - Great price for what we get there. - Plants/trees on the grounds are so pretty.  Love the pool: no gimmicks like a floating river, just a nice pool, with beautiful grounds, and wonderful chilled water coming over the waterfalls, which made it so refreshing even though it was 118 degeees!!!. - Nice restaurants:  Calif. Pizza Kitchen has excellent pizza; Love the Burger joint, and also the Carnegie Deli (yum! sandwiches are HUGE!!).  . ***CONS:. - Room was so very BIG, but bathroom was TINY! I wish they'd taken 3 or 4 feet off the huge, waste of space room, and made the bathroom bigger. - Hardly ever saw $5 craps.  So I didnt' play!  HATE the new automatic video craps machines.. air horn sounds, bells, yuck. Want the social interaction of playing craps at the tables.. but even at 10am on a Tuesday am-- no $5 tables.  And at night, the one $10 table had 90 people crowded around it (no space to join in), but two $25 tables were empty and quiet.  WHY? . - Nice "casual" restaurants, but no really NICE, super restaurant.  But soon a new steakhouse to open, will that fill the bill?. . Overall, very nice experience, made us happy.  Good choice for a place to stay.  Actually prefer it to Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and MGM.
I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by The Mirage.  While not as nice as some other places I've stayed, it was every bit the equal of MGM Grand and much better than Luxor.  Really booked here because of the location on the strip and the rate I was able to get and wasn't expecting much more than A-OK, which would have been A-OK with me.. . Mirage exceeded expectations in most every way (except the Cravings Buffet - gross for bfast).  The room was clean and fairly spacious and the maid service was friendly and took care of things the way you would expect on a daily basis.  The casino had plenty of table games so it was easy to find a seat for Blackjack and, like any casino these days, TONS of slot choices.  The location is great in terms of walking distance to Caesars, Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian and others which was a plus given the record 116 degree heat while we were there.. . One of our favorites was the pool.  Lots of lounge chairs so we were able to find a spot both days we went, plenty of booze options including servers walking by frequently and, we wound up partying with a great group of folks from Houston all day on Saturday which made things even more fun.. . I wasn't expecting to say this when I booked but, I would come back to Mirage!
Got a double queen room for two people. We were on the 14th floor facing away from the strip. The room itself was very clean and very modern. It was only 85 bucks but an additional 25 was added for a resort fee (not sure what that is about). Everything was pretty good the only cons I had was the fridge was fully stocked with crap for sale and I couldn't keep my own stuff cool for my road trip. Lastly, the rooms aren't very sound proof so I had the early wake up call of the overly zealous women in the connecting room.  . I would stay again.
For the annual raver pilgrimage to Electric Daisy Carnival every year, it is always a coin toss to see where I should book a room to call home for a couple days in Vegas. Luckily, as soon as the dates were released for the festival, I immediately turned to the discounted room deals through Insomniac. From the price to the accommodations, and everything in between, I couldn't have asked for a more perfect place to stay at for our party filled weekend.. As we arrived, I loved that the awesome girl checking us in was super sweet and actually excited for guests to be going to EDC. After chatting it up with her about the weekend, she was kind enough to upgrade us to a pimp status room overlooking the volcano show right on the strip at no additional cost. . The entire hotel was taken over by the fellow masses attending EDC, so noise complaints weren't even in existence, because every floor had some type of party music bumping until the wee hours of the morning. Also, every floor was 420 friendly and even the staff wasn't tripping, because they had their massive industrial size air fresheners going. A couple things that did take a star away from a near-perfect experience include: the hallways leading to the rooms being ridiculously cold and you have to call ahead to get your room serviced. . Overall, this hotel is definitely a great place to call home when you're staying in Vegas. Not only would I stay here again for EDC, but definitely when I return to the City of Sin.
This is our favorite hotel to stay in while in Vegas
Las Vegas Hotels are always a bit hard for me to review but for this one I can easily give four stars because of the great service I received everywhere (especially the lovely ladies in the VIP Lounge), the nice updated rooms on the 24/25 level and the great pool! Also the location at the Center Strip makes it very convenient to explore Vegas, even by foot if you prefer to walk along the strip.. . I was there midweek on business so as usual it is a little slower than on weekends.. . Mirage is part of the MGM Group and their MLife Players Club Program is now also tied to Hyatt which makes youearn stay credits and benefits for Hyatt as well.. . This might be my new favorite Hotel in Las Vegas if the performance will be consistent like on this stay!. . Cheers. -s
The casino staff is very friendly here! They have some good slots and the buffet (Cravings) is pretty legit! The Chinese cuisine restaurant Fin is spectacular! They have a ton of cute restaurants in the mirage! . . Also the servers were living for me and kept bringing me free drinks so I made sure to tip well ;)
First time visit. The staff was excellent, room is very clean, gave us an free upgrade because of my birthday. The room was fantastic, very spaces and very clean too bad it does not have a in room safe, and not allow to store drinks in in-room mini fridge.  Would have given a 5 stars if did not charge for using room's fridge
Great hotel room....downstairs by the hotel lobby it kind of smelled but the room was clean and nice
Great place to stay. Rooms are very clean and affordable. Middle of the strip is a great location.
My husband stayed here on our second trip to Vegas. Since we first stayed at the Wynn, of course our expectations were high. So we were a little disappointed that the bed was not as comfortable nor the room as awesome. But for the price, this hotel is good. The staff were super nice and helpful! If we are on a tight budget next time we would definitely return. Not my first pick though!
It was my first time staying at The Mirage three weeks ago when I was last in Vegas. We were dropped off in the front and the entrance already made a nice statement. Then the check in line really made our day because we were the only ones in line and was greeted immediately. Then I noticed the huge fish tank they had behind the check in line and that was absolutely gorgeous. We were given our room and made our way upstairs. First impression off the elevators and into the hallway, "Wow, this place is really really nice!" The color contrast from the carpet to the hallway decors is beautiful! But when we entered our room, we couldn't be more satisfied of the huge king bed that we had and the beautiful view of the strip! It was one of the most comfortable beds we've slept in at a hotel. The room was super spacious and everything was in great condition. The hotel also had a huge buffet with a lot to choose from. We also had lunch at the Burger place located inside the Mirage and that was pretty tasty too.. . I'd definitely be back and stay at the Mirage again!
The renovations to this hotel make it a great place to stay! The location is fabulous to the rest of the strip and the atmosphere is fun for families and couples! The outside volcano is classic fun for all ages!
Sehr schones und imposantes Hotel. Die Zimmer sind gro und sauber und auch der Rest der Anlage ist gepflegt. . . Gunstige Essensmoglichkeiten hat man leider wenige und das WLAN ist von der Geschwindigkeit sehr begrenzt.
Fantastic, fast, friendly checkin! Bell hops are super friendly and well worth it! Excellent value! The best customer service! Would have given 5 stars except for the very slow WIFI, rude casino mafia and slow room service!
For an older resort, this pioneer of mega resorts still retains it's luster. Stayed here 3 nights (2 in standard room, 1 in tower suite) and both rooms were spectacular and above the average. the tower suite is a 100% recommendation for the price, and the regular rooms are on par with higher priced properties. Overall the casino has a great vibe and good layout. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
Mirage all ways take care of me.  The  Mirage hotel is nice a simple and close to all the major hotel and casino.
Came here for a guys weekend trip last weekend and got a great deal on one of their penthouse suites. This was my first time staying at the mirage and it will definitely not be my last. The room left nothing to be desired and I now wont be able to stay in any room of a lesser quality when in vegas. All of my interactions with the staff were top notch. . . The only reason for the one star missing was that the shower in the second bathroom was horrible. I understand that it has to handicap accessible but the shower head was 4ft high and while the shower was 6ft wide it was only about 2.5ft deep which made it near impossible to comfortably take a shower.
The Mirage is my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  It is centrally located on the Strip which means you can walk pretty much anywhere.  There is a nice variety of excellent eateries in the casino--whether you're craving sushi, burgers, pizza, deli or buffet, you're covered with a solid restaurant.  Rhumbar is my favorite cigar bar on the Strip and it's a great place to wind down after a busy day.  The poker room always has a good selection of games and plenty of action.  The Beatles' Love is one of the best shows in the area.. . If I had to visit Vegas and choose one hotel/casino in which to remain for the duration of my stay without leaving, I think I'd be quite happy selecting The Mirage.. . Now, if only they'd do something about the cleanliness of the public restrooms...
Fine hotel.  I have not stayed here lately.  In the past, though, I have found the rooms to be a good value for the money.. . What do I like about the Mirage?  The Volcano show in front of the hotel is always entertaining.  The eruptions begin at 5pm every evening and run every hour on the hour until 11pm.  The casino has always been good to me.  I have actually earned money here over the years.. . The best thing about the Mirage is that they have Carnegie Deli!  The sandwiches are gigantic and the cheesecakes look heavenly.  No need to go to NYC to enjoy it.  Just come to the Mirage in Vegas.
