A fun adult variety act show with a atmosphere of a " Tim Burton" French circus twisted dream. The comedy is edgy and fun. The performers were all extremely athletic and talented. . What makes this show really exciting is the intimit nature of the circus tent. It is a really small tent so it feels like the performers could slip at any moment and land on your lap.
Absinthe was a great, fun, quirky little show. . . The show is in a tent located outside of Caesars Palace. That being said, the seating is a lot more 'intimate' than most other shows you'll watch in Vegas. I didn't mind it so much, but a lot of other patrons seemed uncomfortable with it. The one thing that I hated were the seats. They are wooden chairs and are not comfortable whatsoever. So be prepared to spend 90 minutes being uncomfortable. . . As for the performances of the show, they were amazing. Similar to the Cirque shows available, but with their own little twists. I won't go into specific detail as to not spoil the surprise. But I will say the host of the show, ' The Gazillionaire' and his assistant Penny are hilarious, and a great addition to the show. Their jokes definitely do not stay on the politically correct side of things, so if you get offended easily, it's not a show for you. . . Also, since the tent is so small, every seat available is a good seat. And on the same note, seating is first come first serve, so if you would like a seat in the first row or a seat in the aisle, go early.
I was really surprised at how well this show was put together. The first thing though is the really cool beer garden that has beer pong, cornhole and shuffleboard outside. But anyways back to the show. The show is held inside an Antique retrofitted Spiegel tent that fits 800 people. The seats are pretty uncomfortable and have very narrow aisles. Also it is first come first serve seating. So, don't show up late!! . . The show itself is really how I feel Cirque should of approached Zumanity.. Lots of Adult humor, don't take itself too seriously, make it sexy, make it fun and create an intimate environment. There is not a bad seat either since it is only about 10 rows deep. The roller skaters are probably the coolest craziest thing I have ever seen. It truly leaves you in disbelief and the Gazillionaire is really funny too. Angel from Holly's World is now in the show too and her boobs make a nice cameo appearance. . Not a 5 star really because it is not comfortable viewing and the lack of assigned seats.
I found Absinthe to be quite good - the acrobats were amazing and mind-blowing and the cabaret aspect very sexy - but unlike basically everyone else here I found the raunchy comedy act by The Gazillionaire tasteless and vulgar only for the sake of being so and really not very funny - if you can endure this aspect and the unbelievably uncomfortable chairs, the show is otherwise excellent.  Be sure to arrive a half-hour before the doors open to grab a good spot in the long line for open unreserved seating.
My friend got free tix from her work to see this show and asked me to tag along.  At first, I was afraid.  After walking through the casino and asking for directions, nobody seemed to know what we were talking about.  I think it was one of their first shows though so I'll excuse them for that.  Walking into the tent area was...interesting.  I was really starting to wonder what we were getting ourselves into.  Luckily, I got a few margaritas in me and was feelin good by the time the show started.  It was definitely different and not like any show I'd ever seen.  It was funny, sexy and entertaining.  There were a few parts where my stomach hurt from laughing so hard.  The skating couple was pretty hot and I was NOT complaining about the half naked men.  I'd recommend the show overall.
We had some friends join us in Vegas for the wknd to celebrate a friends birthday and wanted to see a fun/unique show and found this here on yelp actually. Based on the reviews, we knew what to expect.. . We ended up running late wi dinner and were close to the end of the line of people waiting to get into the general seating area. Past reviews have mentioned that there is not a bad seat in the house. I would say that is not necessarily true if you have a mirrored pole in your way or if you are in the last 2 rows. The rows are all flat and do not elevate, as in most theatre seating so If you have someone tall in front of you, and you're in the back, you'll be dodging back and forth to catch a glimpse at the action.. . The show itself was fun, funny, raunchy and had some jaw-dropping moments where you seriously wondered if the performers might soon fall off the stage and into your lap. The seating/theatre is in a circus "in the round" style and the performers play to all sides equally. Some are better than others. We all liked the roller skaters and the body guards act best. The MC and his side kick were pretty funny but got a bit carried away with the gay jokes at times. It's funny even to a group of gay guys, like us--until it's the 25th time you are hearing that something that just happened on stage was "gay" and yukyuk isn't that funny?? . That said, they are equal opportunity offenders of all minorities and the people in the front row are usually the easiest targets to be heckled by the host.. . The beer garden area was ok but we didn't arrive early enough to enjoy it before the show and since we saw the 9:30pm performance, we didn't hang out afterwards to see if it anything fun happened after the show. Although there are waitresses pushing trays if the signature drinks if you want a quick buzz.. . It was fun--not fantastic. That's the feeling I had when we left. Something I'd tell people to go to if they have a group of people that do NOT include anyone's parents and can handle an unmeasurable amount of f-bombs and constant/blatant sexual innuendo.
it was good i enjoyed it, just some acts were a bit boring but the majority was great.. . my favorites were: the skater couple they were amazing!!! and the narrators they were so funny!! . . least favorite was the singing and the bubble routine.  . . but OVERALL IT WAS GREAT! SO CHECK IT OUT!
I want to give this five stars, but the Rita Rudner lookalike's rant with puppets went on too long.  That said, this was awesome...  the best show I've seen in Vegas, since...  well....  sorry David Copperfield...  but I saw your Vegas show three times in three different cities over the past ten years:  GET A NEW ACT!. . We got the VIP tickets.  Get VIP tickets.  Get a free drink.  Hang out with other people enjoying their free drink before the show.  Get your choice of the FRONT ROW.  And don't worry about them harassing you too much... the performers don't... unless you antagonize them (thank you, Hoff!) by gesturing that your package is bigger than theirs...  I'll stop there.  . . The performers were amazing, and the fact that you are seeing this THISCLOSE is pretty impressive.  The bodyguards steal the show.  They were just beautiful performers.  I also liked the rollerskating couple.  But really, every performer was extremely talented.  . . Overall, it was a fun experience.  I'd go see it again.
I really thought this was the right way to spend an evening in Vegas. The venue itself is worth the price of admission. It's so awesome to be so close to the performers - you really learn to appreciate all that goes into these acts. I laughed a lot...especially after trying one of their signature absinthe drinks...funky funky funky. Don't be a sheep, do something just a bit off the beaten path while in Vegas. See this show.
Great performances and acts! The main guy was hilarious and the space was intimate. I only wish Angel had a larger part, but it was fun seeing her doing something out of her element. . . P.S. The absinthe is a great gimmick but nothing like what you find overseas. I appreciate that they had it though.
Really fun show to watch.  As others have said, it's a VERY small stage (8x8 probably).  The things you get to see are amazing and scary at the same time.  Get your discount tickets at a tix4tonight booth (I think they are half off if I remember correctly).  I'd recommend seeing this show.
very good but they LIE to you if you are getting discounted tickets....bewhere....you don't get your free drink, we did't and complained as maybe we should.
An amazing show! Very funny, very raw, and lots of talented performers.  DEFINITELY see this show! You won't be disappointed!
Great show for the value!  Worst seats in the place are still great seats!  We laughed the entire show and were on the edge of our seat quite a few times.
The feats of strength and balance by the various acts were amazing. Most of the female performers perform topless (but with pasties) which is always a bonus. There is a big emphasis on audience interaction, all of which is offensive to at least a dozen demographics at any given time. If you have thin skin, definitely avoid sitting near the front (but then again if you're easily offended you'd better skip this show altogether). . . The place is tiny and even the farthest seats are maybe 50 feet from the stage. Unfortunately there a thick wooden posts holding up the tent about halfway along the radius of the tent and if you're unlucky enough to get a seat behind one of these posts you're going to miss most of the action. . . All of the seating is open and if you want a good seat (and avoid getting stuck behind one of the aforementioned posts) plan on arriving early to get a good place in line. We got there about 30 minutes before showtime on a weekday and the line was still a few hundred feet long, though we were still able to get good seats. The hard wooden seats will leave you with a sore back and/or butt by the end of the show and there isn't much legroom between rows. . . The raunchy interludes between acts were hilarious but did seem to drag on way too long at times. I would have liked more of the time to be spent on the actual acts.
This was a really great show! Just went this weekend. Just about every seat in the house has a great view. I'm not sure I would want to be in the front row since it is REALLY close to the stage...and you may become part of the show if you are seated that close. . . I purchased discounted tickets through tix 4 tonight. More info on getting discount tickets on my site at http://letsjetset.com
Awesome show! It's hilarious and amazing! It's set in a tent, which gives an intimate setting. The acrobatic acts are mouth dropping! You won't be disappointed. The host is very funny, but if you sit in the first couple rows, be ready to be bashed on.
Extremely entertaining.  The comedy was more exciting and enjoyable than the cirque du soleil aspects.  There's quite a bit of nudity in this show (burlesque style), so definitely don't bring your kids!  Actually, I don't think they're allowed anyway.. . See it while you can!  I hear the show will be leaving Vegas soon.
Small and intimate tent space combined with up-close jaw dropping Cirque style acts.  The comedy portions are not for the faint of heart, but then again, this is Vegas.   Not Disneyland.. . Loved the open seating (no need for VIP seats) although it also means lining up early.  . . Box office and tent are OUTside Caesar's Palace by Serendipity.
I don't want to be a party pooper for not giving 5 stars, but I'm doing this to help you have slightly less high expectations going in.  My expectations were sooooo high based on the reviews I had read, that it was fairly impossible for a show to live up to them.. .     Also, the ticket prices for this show must have gone up since some of these reviews have been written.  They now start at $79.  We bought ours at the Tix 4 Tonite place at the Fashion Mall for $59...had to take the vouchers to the ticket booth near the show's entrance.  No big deal. It was quick and easy. We went to the 8:00 Sunday show.. .    That being said, I very much enjoyed it.  I'm pretty short, so our choice of seats turned out to be good...we sat along the back wall on stools near the bar(another reason it was a good choice). Not comfy, but it helped to be able to see. And we weren't crammed close with the majority.  . . TIP:  DON'T ask the bartender what kind of wine he has.  He will snap red and white.  Pick one. Quickly.  Waitresses will come around with the "special drink of the day".  Husband got one of those.  He said it tasted like boozy kool-aid.  To which I would say "to each his own".. .    I loved the comedy, the acrobats were all very talented.  I hate that the roller skaters aren't still with them, because I think an act like that would've added more variety to the show. I wish we could've seen them.. .    Our goal for a Vegas show was to see something we can't see anywhere else.  We wanted something that truly says Vegas without the super high Vegas show prices for most of the shows.  And that's exactly what we got.
I really enjoyed this show. Being a 20 year resident of Vegas I've seen pretty much every show on the strip and I thought this show deserved a good rating. The story line was clever and comical, I felt like I was in the book Water for Elephants, except with a lot more adult content :) the different acts were impressive and all were talented. . . Yes this show does have a lot of dirty language but it's pretty funny, and for all the nay sayers, go back to Nebraska. For the money, you really can't beat this show, $50 for locals, I spend that on dinner, you know what I mean? I would totally come back and see this again. . . Few tips, don't get there too early, you're just going to stand in line, and there aren't bad seats, so no need to be first in line. . . Buy your ticket at the small ticket office outside the entrance of the show. . Have a couple drinks at the outside bar. Enjoy!
INTERESTING to say the least. I read reviews before I went and I knew what to expect.  I loved the show: Hilarious and Entertaining. Get your tix from the 1/2 price Ticket outlet across from Caesars. I paid $65 for gen admin tix that cost $75 at ticket booth at show entrance. I got there 15 minutes before show and sat 4 rows from round stage. Get your buz going before you get there 'cause drinks are hella expensive at show. The Gazillioaire ( MC/ comic) was very funny, but super crude. Lots of swearing and sex/ potty humor. I loved it! Don't sit in front row unless you want to be fodder for jokes. If you want a fun, interesting 1.5 hours, this is the place.
This was quite a show. I'd give it a very good ranking and worth seeing recommendation. It's easy to get tickets, you just go to the tix4less booths along the strip the day you want to go as this isn't a very popular and well known show. We went because our friends also visiting out of time wanted to see it. The gymnastics were great. Very well trained athletes doing crazy stunts. You are so close that you can see them trembling while holding poses. Really, I recommend you don't buy VIP seats. Unless you're hard pressed about sitting at a small table or guaranteed want to sit at the closest row as possible.. . The dialogue from the host was ok and his sidekick Penny was very crude. They did make some un-PC jokes but it didn't seem like anything too crazy. Penny basically talked about penis the whole time, penis and jizz.  She was pretty fixated on this.  The host made this Canadian drunk lady that he called a slut get motor-boated by a hesitant older lady who sat up front then touch tongues.  Kind of gross. I felt like the host was just trying to make ethnic slurs because he can. It felt forced the way he talked about Jews, Blacks and Asians. Maybe that's because it's not my humor but it didn't make me upset. In fact, he bulked all of the put-downs of that nature together, as if to get them out of the way. Anyway, I just felt like they were "trying too hard" to be risque. . . I wouldn't have gone if it was just for the dialogue, but I liked the acrobats a lot and the stage setup. Very impressive. It's like a very toned down sample of Cirque without the glitz and added crudity. Drinks are also extremely expensive... $11/drink approximately. Also, this is definitely an 18 year old and older show because of the language. It's a bit like a small variety show with a burlesque setup and acrobats... and a really talented singer. If you like looking at hot bodies, girls and/or guys, this will float your boat. Nipple tassels, popping muscles and lots of female ass.  I even saw a young female trying to hit on some of the acrobats after the show. I can't blame them but I bet that happens all the time. They must get lots of ass.. . It's a fun show. Reminds me of the Vegas equivalent of an "off-broadway" production. It's worth to see it if you want a variety show with singing, some crude jokes, and acrobatic stunts, and a lot of bare skin from mostly sexy people and besides the drinks, the show is not crazy expensive with the tix4less discount.
You want a Vegas show that will be different from the rest?? Try this one. It's crazy, off the wall, but really the best part about it is the intimacy you get by being so close to the entertainers! Lotsa curse words, raunchy humor, and tons of great feats performed with the possible danger of people getting kicked in the face if they decided to stand up at the worst possible moment.. . Get tickets from the tickets4less locations the day of!!! About $25 less than just getting it at the box office. And if you don't feel like waiting in line, just walk by the tent and find the guy handing out $20 off coupons.. . Even its location is entirely odd. Not inside some fancy theater in a casino. It's actually in a small tent next to Serendipity 3's. Once inside thoughyou really really don't notice that its a tent with the way they've made the inside look. Hodge podge of furniture and random items, with wooden foldout chairs laid out in a circle around the very small circular stage. Form anywhere in the tent you'll be able to have a good view, and if in the front few rows, be very very very close to the entertainment.. . The acts they do are amazing, especially when you think of how much control they must have to be performing right in front of the audience where any mistake they make could be disastrous. The rolling skating couple was mind blowing and you could just see the intense concentration on their faces as they spun on that teeny platform. The high wire act was almost right over the audience and they even had to contend with the ropes near the top of the tent. The acts were all on a smaller scale, but they pushed them to the limit in that space as much as possible. Being able to see an act that close though...makes it so much more incredible.. . The in between "clown" acts were over the top inappropriate in all different ways, but still hilarious. Penny was adorable even though she was spewing out obscenities out of her mouth the entire act. . . Definitely an amazing show that will be a good experience if you can take the obscenities, racist jokes and sexual references. There's no other show where you can be this up front and personal. Only thing that really sucks is the very uncomfortable and small wooden foldout chairs. You're going to be touching shoulders with the people next to you unless you're really tiny.
Ended up at Absinthe after the Cirque shows were sold out and turns out I am grateful Cirque was sold out! Got tickets for $67 at fix for tonight on a Thursday night. Be aware it's general seating, which means it's first come first serve. You must be 18+ to see this show and definitely not easily offended and have an open mind. If you sit in the front rows,you will most likely be picked on a bit by the "master of ceremonies".. . The acrobats are sexy, fun and talented. Truly an entertaining show. p.s. If you are stopping at the bar outside to get a drink before you go into the tent, there is a bar inside as well.
It's a really good show guys!  Time really flew by and I enjoyed most of it.  It's like Zumanity but with a higher skill level.  If you aren't ok with profanity, sex jokes, racist jokes, this is not the show for you.. . The only rants I had were that it wasn't assigned seating so we had to get there 30-45 mins earlier to get good seats.  The seats were wooden, crunched and very uncomfortable after 2 hours of sitting. . If you choose VIP seats in the front row, you have about a 3% chance of getting boobs in your face or 10% chance of being made fun of.. . Give it a try!
Absinthe is supposedly the #1 show in Vegas, so I decided to splurge $75 on a ticket.. . Vulgar, racist, and hilarious. This isn't your show if you are a champion of political correctness. But if you're open-minded, be sure to to stop by. Everyone will be picked on, but specifically blacks, Republicans, gays, and females. It's equal opportunity.. . There was also some audience participation, the details to which I will not divulge ^.^ Though I was surprised how many girls eagerly raised their hands when the moderator asked, "Who here is a drunk slut?"
I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that they sell beers (chimay draft!) for $12!  $12 for a friggin' beer?  Damn.  Damn.  Damn.  Maybe the end of the world is upon us.. 2012 when beers cost $12.  It was a tasty beer tho'. . Good show otherwise.
I'm going to roll back my expected 5-Star rating to a four. Maybe I'm slightly a prude? Heck, I worked the Adult Video Conference, walked the floor and saw strippers gyrating on each other and yet, Absinthe made me feel just a teeny bit more awkward! Now I guess that's a compliment to what this show really is, because it is definitely raunchy, dirty fun! . . First off the show was amazing for what it is. A tiny circus tent filled with BIG talent. The performers were absolutely amazing and performed all their acts to a tee. I am always amazed by what the human body can do. These performers deserved the standing ovation they deserved at the end of the show.. . As for the racy part of the show. Well, just don't bring your parents, okay? I don't mind F-Bombs or even the occasional sexual joke, but Absinthe is just brimming over the top with them. As in bubbling over. I'd personally like my dirty jokes scaled back just a bit. . . Oh yes, no one is safe by the way. The Gazillionaire will be happy to pull people from the audience to completely embarrass them on-stage. Please be willing to do whatever he says. The night we were there the audience member he selected was not going the distance and it was quite lame.. . All in all, I did enjoy it. Would I go back and see it again? Yes. I'd like to take my boyfriend because I think it may be the only show on the Strip he would actually be willing to go see.
This is one of those things that I SWEAR I wrote a review for..... but I guess not.  My second experience with Absinthe is the one I'll review, since I was actually sober for it..... . The acts are pretty amazing.  They do a lot with a tiny bit of stage space! There's roller skating, tightrope, trapeze, and some silliness as well.  Then there's the gorgeous singing fairy... rowr!. . This show was a "6 star" review for me the first time I saw it... but in the harsh light of sobriety, I could see the flaws.  The "witty banter" between the hosts is straight off a script and gets stale fast.  The audience interactions can be strained if there are jerks or a lame crowd.  And the seats are hella uncomfortable.  . . But still.  It is a fantastic show, and definitely worth seeing.  Just make sure you get a good locals deal!
First get a discount coupon at tix4tonight who has them for around $20 less than advertised. The show is under a tent and there are no bad seats so don't pay additional for VIP seating.  You'll need that saved money to afford the drinks.  $40 for two cocktails (lemons drop and a long island) and two small bottles of water.  Get drunk at the tables first.  The show is a cross between highly raunch and potentially offensive humor and an acrobatics show.  Less humor and more acrobatics.  We are not easily offended and when it comes to humor we think there are very few limits.  If you get offended then this show is not for you!
First and foremost - the ticket booth opens at noon and can be found outside Caesar's near Serendipity. They have someone walking around handing out coupons for $20 off, but they can only be used on regular priced tickets, not VIP. You can buy tickets all the way up to the start of the show.. . Second, buy the VIP tickets and sit as close to the stage as possible - it is well worth the extra $30, you get a free drink and you get to see everything up close and may be able to participate in the show. . . Third, show up at least 30 - 45 mins early if you want to get a good seat, whether VIP or not. Both lines fill up fast. VIP lines form on the side where the green telephone booth is at and that's actually what you walk through to enter the tent. . . Fourth, there are  no restrooms inside the tent. The closest ones are near Serendipity. Once they start letting people in, you will have plenty of time to get drinks and make a bathroom run before the show starts.. . If you are planning on bringing parents, inlaws or relatives, they had better be okay with nudity and vulgarity. The majority of the acts are acrobatic, but there is a lot of very vulgar stories and some partial naked bits. Did I mention the show is very vulgar?. . If I had to sum it up, it's a smaller version of Zumanity, but without the full frontal nudity (Absinthe uses pasties).
I really enjoyed the baudy humor and circus acts in this show. It was crude, funny, and very entertaining all at once. There's some nudity and lots of foul language.  The abs on the Russian acrobats were unbelieveable, and the comedian's comments about what she wanted to do to those abs were "I can't believe she just said that" spit-your-drink-through-your-nose funny. The only negative was that the story line is very loose. I really couldn't even tell why they named the show Absinthe. If you go expecting a fun variety show, you won't be disappointed, just don't expect a play.
Go to Vegas.com to get tickets at good prices. DON'T pay extra for VIP seating. There isn't a bad seat in the tent as it's small and intimate enough to see everything from anywhere. Go to the 8pm show and you won't have to wait in line ahead of time for general seating as the doors open at 7:30. . . Very entertaining. Shouldn't be compared to a Cirque show as it really isn't trying to be one despite any similarities in some of the types of acts.
Absolutely entertaining!! Sexy, cool, amazing, dirty,awesome,insane.Right in your face amazing acrobats with pure talent. The emcees werethe life of the show. Can't get enough of the dirty jokes. Definitely for adults only.
Loved the atmosphere and the fact that the show is right in front of you!  Worth the money spent. As with a couple of other shows we went to in Vegas be aware no bathrooms, so go before!
I wasn't sure what to expect from this show, I suppose something trippy and green themed based on the name but the content was actually pretty diverse and featured some very skilled performers.  . . I got my ticket at the 'half-price' ticket place at Fremont Street which ended up being way less than the telephone price but about what the normal box office price is.  When I arrived for the show I got an upgrade from the doorman/manager to an aisle seat on the third row.  From what I could tell, every seat in the tent theater seemed to have a good view of the action but the seats were small, uncomfortable rickety wooden chairs so being on the aisle is key.  . . The comedian host and hostess of the show were hilarious and managed to keep the flow of the action constant and well tied together.  Whatever they make it's not enough, as they probably cover 2/3d of the show with aplomb.  There were a lot of crude jokes about homosexuals (both genders), republicans, foreigners, blacks, etc.  Nobody is safe in this show but it was all pretty funny if you're not thin skinned.  . . The acrobatic performers were all pretty amazing and interesting to watch up close.  Their skill and years of practice becomes pretty evident when you see the fantastic maneuvers they pull off just a few feet away.  The pace and flow of the show are very natural and smooth, highly entertaining.  . . My only complaints: it was hard to break away from the show for a trip to the bar, and the chairs were pretty damn uncomfortable.
It's funny.  Without a doubt, I laughed my ass off.  HOWEVER, it's vulgar, naughty, and definitely not for everybody.  You will see boobies and tongues and hear swear words.  If that's not your thing, don't do it.  . . I am always the person who sits behind the guy with gigantism.  The seats are set in tiers, but if you are in the middle of a tier behind the 8 foot tall person, you will see nothing that's going on in front of you until the aerialists or whomever is doing their bit heads up into the roof.  If you are short, as I am, and prone to sitting behind giants, as I am, ask to sit at the front of a tier or in the front row.  Otherwise, be prepared to see a whole lot of nothing.  . . If you've seen Cirque you've seen most of the acts before, with less boobies, but it's fun being so close and the emcee is really horribly crass and very funny.  It's like Zumanity on a smaller scale, and I found it to be a lot funnier and more enjoyable.
For those who only like to know the short and sweet.... THE BOTTOMLINE: Good show, very funny, very dirty. Don't go if lots of profanity or sexual innuendos offend you. It's chilly in there so bring a sweater/light jacket! Your ass might hurt from sitting in the small folding chairs that are pushed very closely to each other. What's also good about this show is they ALLOW picture taking. Also there is NO assigned seating so you must go early.. . I had heard about this show after learning that Angel Porrino had gotten a spot to be in a las vegas production so the bf and I decided to check it out. Tickets were cheap. When we went, if you go to the box office outside where they sell the show tickets, there's a guy dressed up from the show handing out coupons for like $20 off. We paid about $120 with tax already included which ended up beingcheaper than tix4tonight or buying them online with a promo code. I'd recommend checking to see if they still hand out coupons first. . . The show overall it was very good. However the show is held in a tent set up to give a circus feeling. The stage is very small and circular, it is placed in the middle and there are small folding chairs set up around it. Seating is on a FIRST COME BASIS. There is NO assigned seating so you must wait in line early to get prime seating. I would suggest at least an hour before show time. It sucks because you're standing the whole time but you won't regret it. There are tickets for VIP seating which is in the very front and you get the best view but be prepared to be the butt of jokes possibly. The only downside was the chairs can be uncomfortable sitting for 1.5 hours. . . For those who do not like vulgarity and dirty humor, this is NOT the show for you. It is a pretty dirty show but very funny. The acrobatic shows are very entertaining and in between setting up and stage changes, the Gazillionaire hosts and keeps the audience laughing with his dirty jokes. If you're a fan of Angel Porrino, just know that she doesn't really do much in the show. Her solo act is short and kinda pointless. She does come out a few other times during the show.
Great Show! Very Entertaining! Would have given them 5 stars but those chairs were hard on my ass! Highly recommend ! Beware, Not for Kids!!
Hilarious show. It's raunchy, fun, with talented acrobats and shows. The best part is that it is up close and personal. It's well worth it. Enjoy.
Just to give you the idea of what this show really is. This is basically Russian acrobatic circus and most performers are from Russia (Eastern Europe for that matter). I really liked that most of the performance, unlike classic Russian Circus,  is right in front of you or above you (most of the time), so this kind of gives you the impression of participation. As some people have mentioned, there is no bad seat in town, since most of the performance is happening several feet above the ground.. . Some comedy is added to the mix, but note, that some people may find it offensive. I'd guess that this kind of people just don't come to Vegas though :) . . I'm giving this 4 stars because overall the show lacks any integrity: every part of the show is on its own without any connection to anything else.
Very few things I can say that haven't been said already.  But there are a few that resonate with me still.  1) After reading the reviews here I had very high expectations.  Nearly all were met, except I was expecting raunchier.  I've been to my local Improv and heard worse and frankly, 2) being Vegas and again based on the reviews here, I was expecting nudity.  There was virtually none.  Exposed skin, yes, but not a nipple in sight.  I didn't care one way or another, but as I said, based on what I've read here, it was less than I expected, and want to let people reading reviews here to know what to expect.  But I'm a new fan and would definitely go again.
Amazing show! If you're going to see anything in Vegas, make it this show. It was funny, creative, unique, a little Vaudeville, a little kitschy, a little dirty, but overall so entertaining and the acrobatics will have you sitting stunned with your mouth hanging open. The only reason I gave the show 4 stars is because the seating was so uncomfortable it was distracting. Other than that, a great experience. Must see!
The show was awesome.  Gazillionare and his assistant were hilarious,  the women were gorgeous, high wire act, outstanding.  chick with the big tits in the balloon- hotter than hell, chairs-sucked...my ass is still hurting and that was over a week ago.  that is only reason why I gave it a 4
My husband and I went to this show based on the yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed. The acts were amazing, and the host was extremely funny. Just a word of warning: the show is very raunchy. Very sexual and obscene, so if this is not your type of comedy, this is not your type of show.
I've seen Absinthe twice.  The first time was FREE and with Yelp! (Thanks Misti!)  The second time was on Friday night at 10:00pm.. . Tickets were definitely higher than I expected them to be ($129/pp)  Sure they were VIP = 3rd row and a small bottle of champagne per person.  But for this show, I would rather sit a little farther back.. . It's funny.  It's sexual.  It's crude.  If you are over 38 years old, you probably wouldn't like the humor.  I think it's for a younger crowd.  . . If you're looking for something fun and off base, this is your show!  I definitely laughed the entire time and probably at one point said "eww!". . Definitely a good time!. . For those of you that have seen it once: once is enough as most of the jokes (if not all of them) are the same as the first time around.
Great show.  I had originally wanted to see Criss Angel but after seeing the numerous bad reviews we decided to try Absinthe instead.  Glad we did.  Cool acrobatic acts, funny but VERY dirty comedy, BEAUTIFUL girls.  If you're easily offended I would not recommend this show.  But if you like up close circus-type stunts and you don't mind 4-letter words flowing like water then you'll like this show.. . "Lesbian finale!!!"  See the show and you'll know what that means.  :)
Just when I think I've seen everything that Vegas shows have to offer, I'm once again mystified by the wonder that is Absinthe! This spectacular burlesque circus act is one that will keep you mesmerized and thoroughly amused throughout. The initial act thrusts the crowd right in the center of the action with a series of stacked chair acrobatics that almost make you think they're going to literally topple into your lap. But alas, each performer is a pro at being extraordinarily balanced, sexy, and intoxicating. The MC was hilarious along with his side kick, Penny, who had me laughing uproariously with her off-color jokes and far fetched tales. Please be warned that the content is explicit and not politically correct in the least. But hailing from the East Coast where sarcasm and absurd humor is king, I was loving it!!. . In a nutshell Absinthe has everything, death defying acts, great improvisational jokes, performers who ooze sex appeal, and an outrageous audience interaction that will have you cracking up. You CAN'T miss this!! So take a big swig and allow yourself to be spellbound by the raw wonder that is Absinthe!
#30DaysOfYelp: 20/30. . First of all, cool carnival/burlesque theme....I loved the green fairy appearing after the first guy drinks some absinthe! I want that costume.... . The acrobatics were amazing...there is this stacking chair act that I've seen before at other shows, but this one was more harrowing since we're in a small tent and not that far away from the performer. I seriously thought he was going to fall. A personal favorite is the balloon girl...she's all oiled up, and pink and blonde, super hot!  . . All the performances are very entertaining, a good mix of raunchy sexiness & comedy thrown in. Penny is hilarious, if a bit annoying...but she's so crazy & weird, I love it. The only thing that made me uncomfortable was some of the homophobic, racist jabs from The Gazillionaire at random audience members. I mean, really? Gay people like it up the ass? Ha ha ha! Asian people are all Japanese? Ah-soooo camera take photo? At least he made fun of everyone & if that makes it "even"...white people & J.Crew, crackheads, Republicans, blacks, etc. I can take a joke, just...not all of it was funny. It was more mean spirited than being fun.. . I'd see it again, but I wouldn't sit in the front or volunteer for anything if you don't want to be made fun of!
Dos - Go. Go. Go.. . Donts - Don't take anybody who doesn't like jokes..               Moms and Dads are really no-no. I guess in all of Vegas..               Don't volunteer in the show if you are asked and you don't like to be laughed   at :D
Would highly recommend for open minded ADULTS.. . Cons: The Penny rant and strip teases were not so necessary in in my opinion. . . Pros: So many-great theatre set-up, too funny for words, great music, great acrobatics and truly and unique and mine blowing time. Very funny stuff-would love to see it again!
I think I pee'd in my pants a little.... . This show is a combination of acrobatics, slap stick non-PC humor, live burlesque singing, stunt show and audience participation.  There were teeth biting moments for a few acts.  And the stand-up comedy was too funny, which brought a few tears out of my eyes from laughter.  My favorite was the ballet parody to Cirque du Soleil, I swear, I was rolling on my seat from laughing so hard on this one.. . I don't want to give the whole show away but this is a good one to watch.  I read on YELP that there was a coupon guy giving out $20 discounts but we were not able to catch him.  So, I begged and begged and pulled out all the charm on the box office people to get a $20 discount!  And with all that, we still ended up paying full price.  Oh hoo, at least I tried.... . Tips:. 1) Bring a pillow - my butt hurt from the hard fold-up chairs . 2) The theater is small, so, there's not really a bad seat.  They are never sold out, so, buy the cheapest seat and then just move around to something that is more view-able later.  I did and no one yelled at me.. 3) Be ready to LOL!. 4) 1.5 hours goes by FAST!
Great show!  Penny was over the top but I thought it was good fun.  If your easily offended then this isn't the show for you and definitely not kid friendly.  Jon K sums it up best - Rocky Horror Picture smashes into cirque= the black sheep of the family.  Good fun, laughed my A$$ off, I would recommend this show, go the 1/2 off shops on the strip and get the tickets.  relax and enjoy!
Funny as hell.  Worth it.
FAST_VIEW: this raunchy show is not for the weak willed. as comedy gets more profane & lurid in the world, Absinthe takes it to the height of those extremes but balances it with some truly talented acrobatics.. . pros: not your typical show, at times it is enormously hilarious!, some very talented performers, hardly a bad seat in the house. . cons: expensive for a little over an hour of entertainment, some jokes are unconformable to the point of lost humor, seats are a bit cramped. . i don't want to reveal all the secrets of Absinthe but it plays out like a raunchy circus show. the MC, known as The Gazillionaire, must have come straight out of Beetlejuice because his voice and crude behavior is so reminenct of Betelgeuse himself. this is not for your kids, do not bring them. unless you were planning to introduce them to their first hour long set of penis jokes.. . there are acrobatics, tightrope walkers and some very hilarious dance numbers. It is not your typical show by any means and a refreshing change from you're average, serious Vegas show. the price we paid was $75 per ticket after discount and TicketMaster's numerous fees. If you can find a code online you'll save about $15 dollars compared to the door price of $89.. . there are some VIP table seats which look very roomy and comfy for $20-$30 more but debatable if it is worth the extra money. you do get a better view since you're slightly elevated above the crowd but the rows are only about 10 deep if you're the furthest out. we were in the last row and enjoyed 95% of the show just fine.. . if you're looking for something outside of the norm and are feeling adventurous, get some Absinthe. . . A Tip? The show is right behind Serendipity 3 so if you are trying to decide logistics of parking, make your way there.
My husband and I loved "Absinthe"! It was a great show to see on my birthday yesterday. There were many "WOW!" moments and lots of laughs. The show has raunchy comedy, amazing acrobatics, sexy performers, a death-defying roller skating act and a touch of burlesque. We went to a Tix 4 Tonight booth to get discount seats the day of the show, but it would have been an incredible experience even if we'd paid full price. . . There were warnings about the raunchiness of the humor in other reviews, and the jokes were sexual and vulgar, but it was all in fun. (If you've ever been to a burlesque show, you've probably heard similarly blue-tinged humor.) The host (The Gazillionaire) and his assistant (Penny) were hilarious and had a great dynamic. They were ideal comic foils for each other. . . The show is in a circus-style tent in front of Caesar's Palace and has fun, eclectic decor inside. The seats are folding wooden chairs set up in-the-round facing a small stage. The space is intimate for a Vegas show, so if you're a larger person or claustrophobic, try to get an aisle seat. You'll be right up against your neighbor. I was worried the chairs would be uncomfortable, but they were fine, especially if you have a coat to sit on. We were seated toward the back and had a great view of nearly every act.. . Bonus: No line for the bar and very strong drinks. . . I just wish the show were longer! I guess it's good to leave 'em wanting more. :)
Classic Vegas!
ABSINTHE is a show that is wholly meant for anyone who himself is already an extroverted type of person. In other words, re-consider attending  this show, let alone buying upfront VVIP seating, unless you are COMPLETELY comfortable with the chance that you may become more than just a casual audience member at anytime during the performance. Combining the drag-on-stage interactive performances of shows like Cirque-Du-Soleil's Zumanity, and the edgy drive-by audience ethnicity insult comedy of comedians like Russell Peters, ABSINTHE is without a doubt the most irreverent show a visitor to Veags could see if they're looking to be made a fool of in one way or another and are gluttons for that type of abuse. . .      In many sections of the show between the acrobatic performances, the MCs of the show (a woman by the name of Penny, and the 'owner' of the show The Gazillionaire) take extreme care in both shocking the audience at large with sexually over-charged humor (Penny's sock puppet show is the epitome of "Adults Only") and aggressively ribbing any introverted folks foolish enough to purchase VVIP seating. For example, if you happen to look even remotely "black" (there are many cultures asian/middle eastern/etc. that can fall into this category at first glance, especially when wearing a ball-cap, like I happened to be that night), and you are in VVIP seating, you're now the westernized, prototypical  "Black Guy". . .      This also applies for other "at a glance" racial judgements as well (eg: if you happen to be any permutation of Asian: "Chinese Guy", et cetera). Other types of superficial insult  humor is delivered based on the look of groups seated together and contrasted based on age, gender and dress/appearance; this is drawn generally from those seated in VIP/VVIP areas of the tent. For example, in the show my wife and I attended (ABSINTHE's 1000th "Zombie" celebration performance/rave), there were two gentlemen seated together at a cocktail table next to a party of two young ladies. . . "The Gazillionaire" and his female Co-MC Penny proceeded to not only call out both groups as being "gay", but also went into explicit detail as to how homosexual both parties were for each other. This ribbing was made all the more abrasive due to the alleged age difference between the two males seated together. Of course, it should also be stressed that all of this raunchy comedy is also self-deprecating, as the MC's and performers consistently ridicule themselves comically as well; it's truly no holds barred. If this particular type of joking, even in good spirit, is considered offensive to experience first hand, you should avoid getting any type of upfront seating.. . All of that being said, you'll notice I haven't said "not" to attend the show. In fact, despite all of the issues I've raised in the previous paragraphs, ABSINTHE is still a visually wonderful performance to behold. In fact, one of the upsides to VVIP seating is how close you are to the performance. For example, if you're a fan of burlesque and the human body, than you'll love how close the performers get to you. From disrobing (it's not uncommon for clothing and props to land on/beside VVIP seated guests) to outright flashing (I was flashed by Melody Sweet towards the end of the show), the performers seek to include the audience as much as possible in their interactive art: for better or worse. . .   Then there are the performances themselves. Despite the considerably cramped space, the acrobatics performed are virtually beyond belief. Combined with artfully sculptural and cinematic lighting (something that even ABSINTHE's website photos doesn't capture well, so you'd have to see it in person), the view feels like something from a Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher film; twisted but hauntingly beautiful. From the high-energy Rollerblade performance and the comical acrobatic performance of the fictitious visiting performers from "Reno, Nevada", to the sultry singing of Melody Sweet, there really isn't anything else as special and unique as ABSINTHE in Vegas.  . . In summary, extroverts, people that are comfortable in their own skin, and/or just about anyone who has a high threshold for group participation despite the risk of possible ridicule/ribbing should all attend this show and get ready for the punishment. For everyone else, you should still attend I just wouldn't recommend any type of upfront seating if you're very modest/easily embarrassed. So why only 4 stars and not 5? The only reason this show got 4 stars has nothing to do with the nature of any of the performances (not even the aggressive insult comedy), it's because this type of information that I'm providing in my review was not provided at the ABSINTHE website. Had I known what I was getting into, I feel I could've made a more informed purchase decision.
I actually chose to see this show partly from the Yelp reviews. This show is a great combination of comedy, cirque du soleil, and burlesque. It has something for everyone! The atmosphere is intimate, quirky, and ornate. The humor is very X rated so you may not want to bring conservative parents or guests as they may walk out.
This show was great! It's packed full of incredible gymnasts and acrobats who perform seemingly impossible routines. In between each different act, the host provides plenty of vulgar, irreverent humor and commentary which is incredibly entertaining. . . If you're easily offended, overly conservative or an all around straight-edged type of person, this might not be the show for you. However, if you're adventurous and looking for something you've never seen or experienced before then I highly recommend you see this show. The only reason I did not give this a 5 star rating is due the low comfort level of the seats. All of the seats inside the Absinthe theater are basic, foldable wooden chairs that are fine for the first 20-30 minutes but get increasingly uncomfortable as the show progresses. The front row seats have a bit of cushioning but the rest have solid wood seats with slatted backs.. . Money well spent.
Thanks to my brother in law, I went to see Absinthe on a cool summer evening at the tent outside Ceasar's Palace. My impression of this show can be summed up with 3 Rs - it is raw, raunchy and risque. The humor is not something for the easily offended thanks to the incredible performances of the Gazillionaire and his adorable assistant, Penny (I love you Penny!). The acts are a mix of acrobatic, musical and sexy burlesque interlacing together into a full entertaining package. . . I particularly love the music of Melody Sweets but perhaps I'm biased since I've always loved sexy girls dancing to music of a tintillating nature and having met Melody at other events and places, knowing how sweet and talented she is. The show's logan is pretty spot on - if you can only make it to one show, this one should top your list of Vegas' priorities.. . I had to minus one star because I wish that the cast would pose for pictures after the show but unfortunately they do not. I really wanted a photo with that HOT and SEXY Asian-Russian guy walking the rope. ;). . And yes, the reason I know he's Asian Russian is because I found him on Facebook!!!!
This is a great show but very much for adults only... and only open minded adults at that. We went to the 10:00 show, which didn't start until 10:25 or so, but were able to sit outside and have a drink in their courtyard. Was enjoyable talking with others including one guy who walked out of the early show leaving his wife and friends inside. I thought the guy must be a prude for leaving due to a little nudity and language. However,after watching the show I can get it. Let me clearly say this is NOT for the faint of heart or overly political sensitive person. The main guy makes fun of everybody.  Comedy, nudity, acrobatics, and it all makes for a fun 90 minutes.  The only issue I have is the racial humor was a bit deep for me at times. He wasn't making fun of me or my people but I felt the jokes about African Americans not working was a bit much.  It's funny to say black people can dance better than white people. Ha, ha. However, going two or three levels deeper on the "jokes" was a bit much for me. I wasn't sure if the one patron was going to rush the stage to stop the "jokes" aimed at him. Would have made quite a show I suppose.  Oh ya, we sat in the front row which was fun but puts you in the line of fire for jokes. The theater (tent) is very small so there are no bad seats.
Great show! Very entertaining and very raw and real. It's a bit raunchy and they do use cuss words and their is some nudity. Also adult content is talked about but it's a very good show!! You will not be boredat all. I recommend anyone that comes to Vegas or even the locals to see this show. I think that it does not get the attention that it deserves and we should definitely try to advertise it as much as possible.
Entertaining, acrobatic we're amazing. Be ready for crude jokes...
This was a great show! Definately geared toward an adult audience. Very Funny and interesting acts. The wait to get in to the venue was long and the seats were quite crowded. But I loved how the comedians encouraged audience participation.
Saw the 10:00PM show on a Wed. night. Seats are very squished together and it is often hard to see what is going on, I am 5'5".  Watch out if a "person of size" sits next has the seat next to you. Even though it is in a tent in front of Caesars it was well air conditioned. Look around for discounts. We had reserved seats. . . The theme of the show seemed to be F.U. Cirque de Soils! (SP?)Lots of  very talented acrobatic spoofs, and GREAT comedy. The comedy included the occasional "FUCK" and was definitely R rated at times, but howling funny! . . Overall would recommend.
I saw the show shortly after it opened, and was excited about the concept and the location (not inside the casino).. It's an intimate venue, and we were seated mere steps from the stage, which afforded us front row action! The performers were impressive, and some of the stunts were unique or somewhat original. There is lots of foul language, which is not for everyone. I think the show has staying power.
I've been a few times over the past couple years and, although the comedy remains pretty much the same (raunchy but funny), some of the acrobat acts have changed out and they were still incredible!  The atmosphere in the tent sets the tone in a wonderful way and the things these people do in such asmall space continues to take my breath away!
Absolutely loved the show . It's a must in vegas , forget about all Cirque de solil shows (specially the one in Sphinx) . If u don't mind sexual humor it's the perfect show for you . Watch out you might be picked on and made fun of . The tent is amazing with beautiful decoration . Make sure u come early to pick a good seat.
I was a little irritated at some jokes aimed at "team red" or "right" or "conservative" or whatever else you call republicans, but as the show picked up they make fun of everyone.  I appreciate how non-PC this show is.. . The seats were a little hard on my back, but that is my only complaint.  I am a tall guy so I am sure most people are fine.. . I would take friends and family back to this show when they are in town.
It's not easy to choose a show in Vegas, most of them look attractive and thrilling. I and my wife decided to go to Absinthe based on Yelp suggestion and we both feel that it was a great choice. The artists were amazing and acrobatics were truly mind blowing. I was surprised to see that they were from all over the world. More over, all of them looked enthusiastic and excited, the energy was clearly visible on their faces. . The show was thoroughly engaging and it kept getting better. . . I was really impressed with the cirque part. On comedy part, I liked host part more than his assistant's. Host made pretty good use of audience and his joked were funny. The assistant, I thought was, very talented and her voice and style was good as well but the content was over the top 'adult' say NC-17 language. I would have loved if it was more subtle and more indirect. . . Otherwise overall great experience. I would recommend for couples. Not for/with kids or parents :)
If you've ever wondered where all your friends with great bodies who learned to high wire, trapeze and roller skate went, look no further than Absinthe. They congregated here under a tent in Vegas to entertain the crap out of you.. . Here to corral the insane talent and make sure the audience knows the danger associated with stepping into this intimate setting with acts you pray are experts with zero fail rate are the bawdy Gazillionaire and his red headed crazy sidekick, Penny. . . With a knack for improvisation and a sense of humor designed to offend, this couple will have you rolling with their back and forth insults, filthy jokes and off color observations about pretty much anyone in their vicinity.. . The acts are a part of an elaborate adult circus and they want your inner bad child to come out and play. From the sexy to the breathtaking, to downright crazy, these acts will keep your eyes wide and your mouth open for the full show. . . I haven't seen a show that kept me as engaged since I drooled over the Jersey Boys slicked back hair and synchronized dancing. It is totally different and a must see if you're in Vegas. . . Be careful, the language is uncensored and if you're easily offended you might want to sit this one out; otherwise go, have a drink and watch hilarity, and magic, happen.
Definitely an adult show... but sooo so funny for the adults  ;). . Full of awesome stunts and cheeky, risque humor.  This show is the one you will find yourself quoting the rest of the trip. . . The venue is small, and a bit tight... so be prepared to make friends with whoever you sit near.  Also, go with an open mind, and dont take any jokes too personally.  Everyone will get their turn to be poked fun at...  ^_^
Best show I've ever been to in Las Vegas.  Vulgar and raunchy comedy which I love the most.  Amazing, extremely talented performers.  The seats are horrible and close together.  I would give this a 5 star no problem but the seating is terrible.  Kind of a long show and my ass was hurting when we left.  If you go, buy the cheaper tickets and sit in the more comfortable seats in the back.  It's a small venue so you wont have a problem seeing the show.
New rule:  Skip Cirque du Soleil.  Go to Absinthe instead.. . Seriously, Absinthe is just so much better.  Cirque shows just drown in their own pretentiousness and self-importance.  Absinthe has all the eye-popping feats of acrobatic derring-do found in the Cirque shows, but Absinthe shines since it's also wacky, irreverent, and... self-aware.  . . It's amazing how much better a Vegas show can be when it stops pretending to be high art and acknowledges its own ridiculousness.  . . Absinthe has no plot to speak of.  It's really a cabaret/variety show with diverse skits, including Russian strongmen (breathtaking!), German rollerskaters (my favorite!!!), a burlesque girl in a bubble (yawn), some sexy trapeze artists (nice!), and the vocal stylings of Melody Sweets (love!!!).  . . The skits are interspersed with stand-up by the two hosts -- Penny Pibbets and the Gazillionaire.  Those two have a well-deserved reputation for being raunchy, but they're no worse than Sarah Silverman or any run-of-the-mill drag show.  Some people found them offensive -- and even walked out mid-show! -- but I thought they were hilarious.  Then again, I'm mostly immune to being offended.  (I'm also dead inside.)  . . FYI... Penny and the Gazillionaire *will* pick on members of the audience.  If the thought of being picked on terrifies you, just avoid buying tickets in the front row.  The venue is small enough that you'll have a good view no matter where you sit.. . The only negatives about Absinthe have more to do with the venue and less withthe show itself.  The show takes place in the Spiegeltent in front of Caesars (next to Serendipity 3), and the place gets miserably hot and cramped.  The rickety wooden folding chairs don't help matters either.  Also, half the audience shows up drunk, and they all scream and hoot at the performers the entire time...which sort of detracts from the experience.  Just let them perform, will ya?. . Despite all that, Absinthe is worth it.  Who needs Cirque when you have real entertainment like this?!
Take Cirque Du Soilel style acrobatics, subtract the pretentious music, add an insult comic, compress the acts for time and space and you've got Absinthe. . . Everything's got a slightly sexual twist. For example, the two female trapeze artists wear schoolgirl outfits instead of leotards but it's more cabaret pasties than strip club (there's no actual nudity, but plenty of explicit body part jokes.). . Awesome if you like Cirque, have a bawdy sense of humor, and don't like shows that are too long (or maybe it just didn't feel very long, which is a good thing.). . Minus one star for the boring aerialist (all the other acts were awesome) and some occasional moments of uncomfortable "Er wait, that's not actually funny" humor.
A lot of people were turned off by the humor and vulgarity in this show. I was not one of them and found some of the comedy very funny, some of it quite brilliant and borderline genius,. . The performers are without question world class and your proximity to them makes the spectacle even more remarkable.. . I also think this is a safety hazard just waiting to happen.. . Why not 5 stars?. . Because if you are going to charge 80-$120 for show, you can not leave guests in such a level of discomfort. The chairs are so uncomfortable and the seating is super-tight and im 5'8, 175.
Hilarious! I took my boyfriend for his birthday and we had a great time. The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because the wood folding chairs were super uncomfortable. I think for a show that is $100 + per ticket they could do better than that.. Warning: if you are easily offended by sexual or crude humor, or have no sense of humor, this show is not for you. The look on some of the more uptight people's faces however, was priceless and added to the fun of the show :). . Also, if you sit in the front row, expect to get splashed. The seats further back are fine, everything is visible and there isn't a bad seat in the house.
You aint in Kansas anymore!  This show is alternates between amazing acrobatic feats, some clever humor, and downright vulgar.  Friend and I thoroughly enjoyed the show, but I'm only giving 4 stars due to uncomfortable seats.  Fortunately for us people seating next to (read on top of) us were really friendly and not too large.
This was an awesome show!! The comedy was hilariously offensive. I often felt guilty laughing but I couldn't help it. If you can't take a joke then don't go.  They definitely pick on you. The acts were breathtaking. Very impressive. And even in the cheap seats you are only 10 feet away from the performers.  I'm so very glad we went. My only negative is that the seating sucked. Wooden folding chairs cable tied together. We had no choice but to become VERY intimate with our neighbors. A definite must see!
There's basically three elements to Absinthe:. . burlesque. acrobatics. comedy. . In my opinion, the acrobatics are the highlight.  You won't see high-wire finesse up so close anywhere else.  The death-defying moves on trapeze and terrifying balancing acts are truly worth the price of admission alone.. . As for the burlesque portion of the show, it's definitely clever, sexy, and at times raunchy.  If you're looking for a creative striptease up-close, Absinthe certainly delivers.  There is no nudity per se, but it gets incredibly close.  Even the acrobatic elements have a sensual/sexual side to them.. . Aaaaand that brings us to the comedy.  Most will either love it or hate it because it is raunchy, politically-incorrect humor centering on jokes about peoples race, religion, sexual orientation, politics, etc.  Although I wasn't offended and laughed at a good portion of the jokes, it became a tired act after awhile.  It was like, "okay, you've made fun of group X for the umpteenth time now, do you have any new material?" . . I wouldn't recommend Absinthe for the easily offended, but if you've got thick skin and don't mind jokes about 'Nazis killing Jews' or 'gay men having anal sex' then you'll get through the show just fine and probably enjoy it.
Like most Yelpers, I consider myself to be a cultured and well educated person. When I dropped in to see Asinthe, my culture, education and refined awareness were quickly gobbled up and spat out by the raunchy ringmaster who isulted everyone who was seated within spitting distance. Of course, the crowd f'n loved it. . . Later, when the "Bubble Girl" made her appearance and tap danced, topless (with red bow pasties), inside of a jumbo bubble I caught myself pondering whether nudity was really art? .... (a lie). I really wished I was stoned so I could ponder (with requisite deep thought) how Angel Porrino got into the that human size balloon without popping it.. . If you're a married guy, you might say you want to see Absinthe because you wanna see the ringmaster give people a verbal ass kicking and watch some dangerous circus high wire/trapeze stuff. But really, you're just curious to see what the whole bubble girl thing is all about (in the interest of art). . . I think this show has a little bit of something for everyone.
Show is for adults only. Really funny and raunchy. Every seat in the house is good unless you're short and sitting behind a tall person. Definitely a must see while you're in Vegas!
