I love this place! The sushi is awesome and the prices are so reasonable! They have a great variety and good service! The one thing I hate, is the wait! It's a small venue and always busy, but totally worth the wait!
Never really thought about eating off the strip when we're in Vegas.  This time, however, we were there for six days and eating on the strip all those days would have made us broke.  . . A friend had recommended coming to Yama.  OMG, what a great idea!  Tried it out was not disappointed.  For all the sushi, nigiri and dessert that you eat here, it's so worth the 20 something odd bucks that you pay per person.  Forget eating some fancy schmancy sushi on the strip at those uber expensive restaurants in the hotels...come to this place!  . . The waiters were super nice and were very attentive.  We ordered so much food from their regular menu and their special menu, it was retarded.  We stuffed our faces like people who have never eaten before. . . To follow, we had mochi and green tea ice cream...all you can eat!  That in itself was a plus.  I love chocolate mochi!  . . On the next trip to Vegas, we'll defnitely be making a pit stop here, for sure!  . . PS, be sure to read the fine print before you order loads of food though.  I think if you order certain things and don't finish it, they will charge you or something.  We had a couple pieces left of the rolls that we ordered and they were OK with it.  I think so long as you don't leave half a roll, then you are good to go!   Enjoy!
Just ate here.  Here is my Resume.  Wife is Japanese.  We go to Japan once a year.  So we know what fresh fish is.. . To get to the point, I would recommend this place.  I only got the UNI and the Mackeral and it was fresh.  Beer was cold, and they had alot of sashimi to choose from. . . I did not partake in the ALL YOU CAN EAT, but it seemedl like the mainstreamers enjoyed this as again the place was packed.. . Check this out if your in town.. . Thanks.
Yeah, Yama Sushi truly deserves the four stars. Other than not having special fish like super white tuna (which is served at Sushi Mon), Yama Sushi has pretty some exotic fish that you might fancy. I do especially enjoy the quaint atmosphere and the super nice service from Stella. . . If you are on the eastside, then go ahead, give Yama Sushi a try. I know I will come back for sure.
Food is excellent for the price (all u can eat), (ordered every uncooked roll and some with tempura) friendly staff, all you can eat is limited to 3 orders per person, until you're ready for more. This place seems to be korean owned. Which is cool too. Ordered several pairs of yellowtail nigiri. The sashimi tasted fresh.
I went there last night with my girlfriend and I have to say i was surprised. I have to agree with someone's review about "hole in the wall" from the outside you would not expect much, but once your inside the place is packed for dinner and they have all you can eat for around 23$. The Sushi was delicious and fresh. The service was fast and very friendly, its a little tight in there seating wise but well worth it.
Found this place on yelp while visiting Vegas with the hubby.  Love that they offer all you can eat.  Which is what we did because it was worth the $.    Customer service was awesome!  Would definitely go there again when I visit Vegas again =)
Went here with a large group of friends last thursday night.  Even though we got there around 8, the place was packed and it was about a 20 to 30 minute wait.  My friend who organized the get-together didn't like how she couldn't make a reservation because we didn't have enough people for it, but since I wasn't the one planning it I won't take it into account in this review ;).  . . The building is small but it feel very warm.  We had table near the corner set away from the main walkway, so we didn't have people running into us or elbowing us as they walked.  The table wasn't bolted to the floor or heavy, so it was very easy to push around, and we frequently had to recenter the table due to it moving under the weight of elbows and arms.  There was a "fake" table leg at the head of the table which popped in and out, much to the amusement of one of my friends.  . . The waitress was very kind and made it a priority to make sure she got our orders down perfectly.  All of us except for one had the All You Can Eat deal for 22 bucks.  She repeated all the orders just to make sure, and even explained which ones come out faster and which ones took longer to prepare.  Not necessary, but it it shows a great commitment to customer service.. . Now, for "All-You-Can-Eat" specials, you often go in with low expectations in terms of quality, since most places emphasize on quantity rather than quality.  The food here, however, was way above average for an All You Can Eat place.  The TNT and Vegas speciality rolls were my favorites, but the best cut I had was the smoked salmon sushi.  I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend that cut, it was the best cut of salmon I have ever eaten in an All You Can Eat sushi restaurant.  . . It did take us awhile to get our check when we were done, but besides that the service was good, and our waitress was extremely attentive to our order and making sure we got everything that we ordered and that it was prepared right.. . On a funny note, they had NASCAR on the tv next to our table.  Quite ironic for them to have a sport like that in an Asian restaurant, lol.  . . PROS:. Very good sushi for All You Can Eat. Attentive waitress. Good and fair price (i.e. you get what you pay for, and more). Clean bathrooms . . CONS:. Small building, can be cramped and congested on the walkways. Waits can be long, especially at night, even on weekdays. . WILL I RETURN?:  Absolutely!  When I'm in the mood for sushi, I'll probably come back here!
Before living in Las Vegas, I lived in the Great Lakes region, which means polluted waters and a dead fish smell everywhere. This is why I have never tried fish, sushi, shellfish, etc, because I've been worried about that dead fish smell and automatically associate any seafood with it.  When I first met my boyfriend, he said he would take me out for sushi and I frowned but he didn't understand why. He had to "show" me that it's not a fishy smell. We went to Yama Sushi, and he was absolutely right! . We ordered the Sun of the Beach roll which had shrimp tempura, eel, and avocado in//salmon out with their spicy mayo and eel sauce. I am not kidding when I say I could drink the spicy mayo. It's not a burning spicy at all!  We ordered another one to share, and he had an order of tuna. I tried that as well, and no fishy smell whatsoever. Let me just reiterate that my senses for the "fishy" smell are so sensitive that I do not eat tuna fish, cooked fish, crab, anything like that!  Yama never disappoints and now I love eating sushi!  Thank you Yama!
I go here with friends who eat here way too often (IMO). They know all the sushi chefs and have their favorite, Joon. He's the Bomb! And BTW... he likes to do Sake Bombs so buy him and yourself one. And if you're in a group... he does the Sake Bomb Domino.. totally KEWL! . . Anyways... for AYCE... this is the place. I've not head a bad experience yet and have been here on all different days for dinner... been here about 12 times in the past 2 years. . . My FAVE is the Sexy Salmon... meaty, salmon with a sliver of lemon and a small slice of avo and jalapeno. YUM! My mouth does a little dance. I usually get 2 orders just for me. :) . . Another FAVE... "Belly"... I think this is Toro... anyways... it's a specialty and I think it's extra and it's not always available. But WOW! It melts in your mouth and is the BEST piece of fish ever! Ask for it... You'll see what I mean. . . Their rolls are really good and can get a little crazy with the sauces so ask them to go light and it's not a problem. . . Did I mention the Sexy Salmon? Oh yea... I did... I actually crave it sometimes... but as this is not a close place to get to for me... I have to wait til the friends can get together... Speaking of which... I better e-mail them and see what they are up to. :)
Been here three times this year so far and plan on going again and again!  The AYCE menu has a variety of appetizers such as seaweed or seafood salads, yakatori, gyoza, mussels, miso, and more! Overall the fish quality is fresh and the variety of rolls is great. . . Yama sushi is kind of small and seems to be always packed with people waiting outside but its well worth it! Since its always busy, the service can get kind of slow especially when you've ordered a lot of rolls. If you get the all you can eat, order appetizers while waiting for your rolls and nigri! One of my favorite parts about this place is that they offer green tea ice cream and strawberry and chocolate mochi for dessert!. . If you're a fan of sushi and ayce, I HIGHLY recommend trying this place!
When I think of "all you can eat" and "sushi," I know it's too good to be true - but this place delivers! A friend of mine who lives in the area took me here and I will surely be going every time I visit sin city. They don't scale down the portions or quality at all. Vibe was great with a lot of people inside. Custom rolls with catchy names were also delicious! I am definitely a fan of Yama.
We dropped by this place on the way back from a Vegas weekend and really enjoyed it! We got lucky, getting in just before 12 and only had about a 5 minute wait. The place got packed moments after we were seated though. . . The AYCE sushi is fresh (Uni!!! Ikura!!) and delicious! The menu includes various sushi, cut rolls, hand rolls, cooked items, sides, and a couple choices for dessert. They've got all the standard sushi items you would expect at any respectable sushi place, but also have their own special rolls that they've named with a Vegas theme, though most of them seem like other rolls with cream cheese added (not something that floats my boat much...). The service is very friendly, though waiting for some of our orders sometimes took a bit longer than expected. . . It takes a bit for me to give 5 stars to a sushi place...its REALLY gotta be amazing in that case. I only drop a half a star because they took a little longer than expected on some of the items, and one item didn't come at all. Not a big deal as we did get our filling, and though we did get our filling, I would have liked to try the other items too.
The Sushi is phenomenal, but they are almost always packed, so expect a wait. The servers get a little bit slow two or three orders into an all-you-can-eat meal, but it's not terrible. I'd give it 5 stars if they had twice the space.
Fast Food Sushi.. . We have been there twice.  There is always a wait.  I have no idea how the fire marshal doesn't shut them down because everyone is PACKED in there.. . They have an all you can eat special, but we just order by the roll.  The food is always good, and the service is fast.. . The one thing that I don't like, is that the decor is dirty.  I understand they are super busy, but take some pride and time to clean the place properly.
It was my first time w/my sister and my cousin who highly recommended the place for AYCE Sushi.  Yummy sushi...name of the rolls are hilarious...and very friendly service.   Love love their salads, so fresh and so flavorful (Spicy Sashimi Salad).
This is currently my favorite all you can eat for sushi. The only problem is that they always seem to be packed and I don't like waiting.. . The fish salad is good, and their sushi fish pieces are good too...although it seems most prefer their decadent rolls.. . Once you get past the crazies outside, and the crowd waiting to get in, you'll have a filling experience.
Great food, service was super fast!! All you can eat prices were very resonable.
Nice AYCE sushi place off the strip. It gets pretty busy so expect a line. The special rolls have funky names and most of them are pretty good. The staff is attentive and pretty good at refilling drinks.. . Only thing I suggest is to not get the uni. Everything else was great.
Finally made it in to Yama Sushi after years of driving by and reading the sign. We got their for dinner and was very surprised to see people waiting to get in! We put our name on the list for dinner for 2 and was seated in a few minutes and not the 15 minute wait that was estimated. The guy taking names was doing a pretty good job of getting people seated ASAP. The place was packed wall to wall with diners and probably many were from UNLV a few blocks away. We saw some guys having what looked like seafood poke and found out it is called seafood salad. We ordered one for each of us and liked it very much. I ordered UNI, but I don't know why it takes so long for it to be prepared, I am thinking it must be frozen since it's not something everyone eats or can stand to eat. My UNI order came probably 1/2 hour after I ordered it and it was just OK, not that fresh flavor I like. Other than that everything was really good and not overly sauced up. Tasty Goyzas, fried to perfection! Seaweed salad was good too. Hawaii roll was great and probably my favorite. I also ordered giant clam and they brought me over red snapper, but I don't care really. Overall great place, but too far from Henderson. Even so we will be back, it's probably our current #1 place for sushi. Many of the other Sushi places have lowered their standards and have lost us as diners.
My friend suggested we go here for a AYCE lunch which she is a regular at. I usually go to Sushi Tachi in NLV which is $24, so I was saving $4 but driving super far. The biggest plus is a new, inexpensive sushi place close to the strip :) . The staff was friendly, promptly sat us, refilled the waters quickly but it was hard to get the attention of the sushi chef to order. Best roll was the No Name Roll and the Double Dragon.  The rolls were large and good. They focus more on sauces and toppings than the fish. The only thing I did not like was the Halibut sushi, which was cut thick and chewy. The chocolate mochi were good too.
I read the review about getting sick here but I haven't gotten ill.  When i in vegas for business I usually try to stop here a few times.  Been coming here for years and it's getting crowded. They now have these new rolls with silly names like Man Whore and Happy Ending. When they first introduced it I had an older waitress that asked with a heavy accent 'would you like to try man whore or happy ending" I almost did a spit take "EXCUSE ME??!!"  I like that there is a lot more than sushi on the AYCE menu like tempura (you can order shrimp only) but my favs are soft shell crab and hamachi kama - onolicious.  One dish I would never order again is the yakitori - it was nasty. I was expecting grilled pieces of skewered chicken but their Korean interpretation is baked flat pieces of chicken that they cut into little squares and stick them on a skewer with muchrooms, green onion and white onion and it is baked just a little more and brought out luke warm, drenched in teri sauce. Mushroom tasted more raw than cooked. UPDATE Aug 2011 I'm going to downgrade my review to a 3 soon.  Last 3 visits which have been at lunch or early dinner they have not had hamachi kama which is disappointing since I also brought others with me and told them about that dish. I can see them running out if late during dinner but 3 times in a row is more a sign of them cutting corners. Quality of some items are going downhill too like the uni and dried pre made unagi that was inda dry.
Loved the sushi.......hated the over an hour wait time after being told it would only be 20 to 30 min. . We did the all you can eat at $22.95 for dinner. You can't get a better deal for sushi!
Best sushi and reasonable price for the "eat all you can sushi" deal.  Just didn't like the sushi chef we had that time.  We were sited in the sushi bar it seems that he is rushing us and yelling when we were ordering.  I will definitely go back there and bring some more business there.  Thanks!
This place never disappoints!  We always make a stop here on our Vegas trips, and it's just a short cab ride from the strip.  . . Rule #1, come early because there's always a line (especially if you have a big party).. Rule #2, order a lot on your first round because it's hard to get them to let you order more afterwards.. Rule #3, eat fast so that they will clear your plates and keep them coming.  They don't make your other items if your table is still full of food for obvious reasons.. . All you can eat along with the great quality is hard to find.  They even have Uni and hamachi kama.  So come here and enjoy stuffing your face for less than 30 dollars out the door.
Once in a while I get an ultimate craving for all-you-can-eat sushi. I feel like it is sushi junk food and I basically try to order everything creamy, crunchy, and baked! During a recent trip to Vegas I met two of my best girlfriends at Yama Sushi to stuff our faces, and that we did! You just have to know that when you go to an all-you-can-eat sushi place it's not going to be the most amazing sushi there is, but this place wasn't actually bad. The best part was seeing my girlfriends again and the heart-warming conversations we had about what we have accomplished over the last several years. Time sure flies by! Photos on my blog...
This place is too small & since they're one of the most popular sushi restaurants & conveniently located near The Strip, it's no wonder they're always busy & no longer take reservations. I've had a couple of bad experiences when I would go with my family or boyfriend & they would be too busy that they'd forget to bring in our last order. After countless times of refusing to order ice cream while we wait & reminding them about the last order, a couple of the waitresses told us it was our fault & warned us not to do it next time. Wtf? Whatever, star deducted for their poor service but I still effing love the sushi specials.
Never have been a fan of AYCE but this place changed my mind!  The choices of specialty rolls are amazing!  . . I went with a group of three people, and with a few beers and three AYCE sushis, our bill was only around 85 bucks.  And that even includes any and all appetizers, salads, typical rolls, specialty rolls AND dessert!  I was floored.. . The quality of the food and the service were spot on as well.  I had heard there is sometimes a long wait, but our group was seated right away at 6:45pm on a Saturday night, that's pretty good.  If you go later than this, expect a long wait.  But I can confirm,  it's totally worth it.. . Recommended rolls:  No Name was the BOMB, Yama Crunch was super tasty...they were by far my favorites.  I also enjoyed the Harry Potter and the Happy Ending.  The Firecracker was OK.  You can even order half rolls which I love!  Allows you to try so many things.  The seafood salad was fresh and lots of spice!  Edamame and tempura were as you would expect them to be, but nothing spectacular.  For dessert, try the mochi ice cream...soo good!  Chocolate and mango were my faves.. . Mmmm, craving sushi now.
Ate at Yama sushi today. They were wonderful in accommodating our large party. I had their lunch AYCE. It was a little pricey for lunch, but they had sashimi (Seafood salad). It came with pieces of tuna, salmon, hamachi, and octopus + sauce on the side. Their rolls were pretty good. A little too saucey for my taste. Their "No Name" roll was good as well as the Man Whore and One Minute Man. . . I would definitely eat there again. It gets a little busy around noon so I would suggest going after 1 for lunch.
I may have found an all-you-can-eat sushi place that beats Midori in Los Angeles. . . For $23, you can stuff your face with every fish possible (no dolphin though, they learned their lesson from Blue Fin). . . PROS: GOOD FOOD. . 1) Only $10 corkage fee. Bring a bottle of Sake from Lee's Liquor down the street, and enjoy some sake shots with your buddies.. . 2) They have a private room type place that seats 8-10 people, so call ahead to reserve it; it's pretty cool. . . 3) THE FISH IS FRESH! You would think that the quality would be terrible for the all-you-can-eat price, but it was actually very, very fresh. My party of five devoured yellowtail, salmon, albacore, and spicy tuna sushi. They have great specialty rolls too; get the "no name roll", literally a party in your mouth. . . 4) Mochi ice cream is included in the deal, so take advantage! . . 5) Unlike other places, you can have people on your table opting out of the all-you-can-eat deal, and just buy a-la-carte. Convenient if someone's not too hungry! . . CONS: BAD SERVICE. . 1) I ordered spicy scallop hand roll, and they brought me spicy (imitation) crab. I told them that it's the wrong order, and she insisted it was albacore. I tried it, called the waiter again, told her that it's definitely not scallop, so she took it back. Next came the manager with the same hand roll who told me that they apparently mix their scallop with their crab because they don't get a lot of scallop. So I tried to scavenge thru the roll to find some scallop, and I found NONE!!!!!! I get spicy scallop wherever I go, and they tried to lie to me! I told them there was no scallop in there and she tried persuading me that its somehow mixed in there.....what did they do, puree it?!. . 2) My friend eats sushi a lot, and he asked for at least three special orders, and our waitress didn't know what the hell he was talking about. She proceeded to tell us that she is not Japanese, but Korean. And we asked her if she could ask the sushi chef if she knew these orders, and she said that the chefs are all Korean too. Why would anyone ever use that as an excuse to be uneducated about the food they're serving? Ridiculous. . . I feel like the complaints were strong enough for at most three stars, but with the price and the quality of the food, it's a great place to grab dinner before you hit the overpriced, crazy Vegas nightlife.
This is my roommate's favorite AYCE sushi in town, and I'm always happy with a good crunch roll. My friends adore the seafood salad and no-name roll.
I know it's unfair to rate a place by it's business, but when the plae can't run nicely when it's busy.. Then I think it's fair.. . I love Yama sushi! As far as rolls, it's my favorite AYCE sushi in the city, Kaya is second.. . I love their special rolls: strip tease and wet dream are my favorites.. . Also love the seafood salad which is raw fish slices in a spicy dressing.. . Their servers always seem annoyed which is fair.. . I only took the star off for their limited waiting area, not having something I wanted in stock, and for their disgruntled enployeees.. . Tip is to definitely go around opening for an early lunch! . . Less busy with little to no wait.. . Also a plus is their Desserts are all you can eat. At least my servers always give it to me.. Hmm I'll put the star back :]
I know what you're thinking, strip mall all you can eat sushi in a land locked city, and not with a major namesake behind it...don't worry. I had that same feeling, and someone told me to just be a little carefree. Risk that ocean biological neuro-toxin, motor control is overrated anyways! Once you get beyond that initial hesitation and you come inside, you'll be glad you did. . . The prices are amazing, and unlike many (read almost all) all you can eat sushi joints, every roll is not on top of the artificial crab California roll...which is a great, great, great thing since artificial crab gets real old real quick and is such an over powering and pungent flavor that no matter what you put on top of it, if it's the third or later roll with a cali base, all you'll taste if fake crab.. . So based on my extensively perfectly researched and developed rating system Yama gets a solid 4 stars. The service is good, the quality is good, and I really like it. However, the ambiance is a little awkward with only Japanese paper walls separating dinning tables...hello overhearing of someone's medical problems...Other than that if you're near UNLV and have a BIG sushi craving, hit me up and let's pig out!
Wow, I'm excited to find a really good sushi place on the Eastside. It's so convenient. Word to the wise: this place is tiny, tucked into a corner of a strip mall next to Albertson's. If you aren't looking close, you will miss it!. . I was on a mission yesterday to get sushi because I was out on a date with a guy who had never had it before. WHAA? Yes, you heard me right, this boy had never had sushi before. CAH-RAY-ZEE. I was determined to get him on the sushi boat.. . Originally thought about going to Goyemon, but then realized they wouldn't be open, so I picked this place randomly instead. . . Like I said, it's small, but it's packed. When I walked in I was hit by a bunch of people (literally!). At least I instantly knew it was popular - always a good sign. Even though it was busy we were sat pretty quickly. Our table was wobbly. I think that's my only complaint. I really wanted to ask for a sugar packet to stuff under the table (something I used to do as a server all the time).. . Unfortunately for this review I can only say we had two rolls and an order of edammame. We got the "Kick The Ass" and a California Roll. Don't even fault me for getting the California Roll... I was trying to ease the date into the experience. He liked the California Roll, but was not a fan of the Kick The Ass. However, I loved the Kick The Ass and the edammame was plentiful and very well cooked.. . I definitely want to go back here, they have rolls that looked really good, but I just did not get a chance to eat. Next time, next time!
Wow!  This place is the SHIT!  I found this place thanks to yelp and my desire to check out some local food with some local prices.  I did a sushi search and this one was up on top with other expensive places.  I wasn't aware that it was all you can eat until I drove past the store front.  I thought it was a gimmick (because EVERY other sushi place only has a handful of lame things for all you can eat) but I was blown away when EVERYTHING on the damn menu is all you can eat.  I had the seafood salad, the bomb.  Wow.  Lots of flavors and good portion.  The no name roll was pretty bomb also.  Everything I ate was impressive.  I really liked this place.  The service was excellent and I really didn't have any complaints.  Even their house sake was pretty good.  Next time I come here, I am going to bring my peeps.. . They should have another special like $25 all you can drink....
Service deserves 5 stars. We went at 11:40 and they were already busy but with 5 of us getting all u can eat, we were out in an hour. 4 different women refilling drinks and taking plates. Food was excellent. Sushi tastes fresh. Just small place and nothing fancy but overall great experience. We will be back.
I'm not the biggest fan of sushi, it's a texture thing with the nori but I would definitely go back to Yama Sushi. I've been to plenty of places with BOGO specials on rolls but a buffet for the entire menu now that's a great sushi place. . . My friends pigged out on all the rolls but I had some wonderful tempura, ribs, salmon, soup, and yes I even had 2 rolls that were great. . . The place is small and has a steady stream of customers. It's off the strip but well worth the taxi ride. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. . . We could barely walk out of there and should have walked back to the strip we were so full. . . My next trip to Vegas will definitely include a trip to Yama Sushi, it's the best deal in town.
I like this place because of the consistancy of food quality, but the wait is long after dinner service has started. I have not tried other places for AYCE sushi, but have read a lot of reveiws about them, like Sushie Zen, Sushi Loca, Sushi Wow, Sage Sushi and others. . . I think if you are going to say "the best I have had" then say what you have tried and then compare, that would be most helpful in writing reviews for others to consider. I would love to try other AYCE sushi places, if you have eaten here and tried other places and liked it better than Yama sushi, I would for sure go try it out. :)
It's always hard to pick a sushi restaurant in an unfamiliar city. Thank you Yelp again! Yama Sushi is just as advertised in the reviews. Great sushi. Very reasonable prices. Just realize this is not fine dining--more of a sushi cafeteria. But, if you are looking for great sushi for a reasonable price just off the Strip Yama Sushi is your place!
AYCE sushi is probably the one of the best inventions of the 20th century and beyond.  It calls to our most basic needs of food, wanting it to be good food and wanting it to be a lot of food (even if your definition of a lot is different than mine).  . . Ok, so about my experience, I haven't been to this place in like 4 years.  So when I walked up and the doors were tinted pitch black I didn't know if the place was open or closed, haha.  Of course they were open and behind those doors was a busy restaurant, small but busy.  It was a cool vibe and there was good music playing and ESPN on the TV, all pluses in my book.  I ended up sitting at the bar, a great choice because you order your sushi striaght from the sushi chef!!!  This really cuts down on wait time and it is super convenient.  The food came out fast and fresh and it did not dissappoint.  I had my favorites; Sweet Shrimp, Giant Clam, Cajun Albacore and Baked Green Mussels on top of some great specialty rolls.  I gotta say, I have been missing out; I remembered that I liked the place and I always remembered it was there but I truly forgot how good it really was.  I also have to say that the service was on point.  I didn't have to wait on anythng really.  It was a GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!  I am making myself hungry just thinking about it, haha, I might have to hit it up right now!!!!
We've been here several times, and I can only complain about two things: 1) This place is literally like a hole in the wall, and it can get pretty cramped on the weekends. This also causes a very long wait for a table, so make sure you call ahead of time on Friday/Saturday nights. 2) They got our orders wrong on two separate occasions, mainly because the place was packed.. . Other than those two factors, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Good quality sushi for a great price! If you love AYCE sushi, this is the place for you. $26 for AYCE sushi, including appetizers, entrees, AND desserts! (By the way, the chocolate Mochi is amazing!). . The location is pretty good, about 10 minutes from the strip. Overall, this place has good customer service, good value, great food, and a small, but clean, environment. Definitely the place to go for less expensive AYCE on the East side!
Ran a train on these rolls, cuz it was ALL YOU CAN EAT!. . I decided to give this place a go, since I wasn't in the mood to shell out 50 bucks for a hotel mediocre buffet on the strip. Since I had a car, we decided to venture off strip to find some good eats. The group decided on Yama Sushi. . . We showed up around 7:00 pm on a Saturday night. There was a line out the door and a 1 hour wait. By the time we sat down, I was already gnawing on my arm. I was ready to pig out. I looked around for the buffet station and saw none. It turns out, you have to order the items individually. Son-of-B... I thought the food was going to take another 30 minutes to prepare, so I was apologizing to my hungry friends. However, within 2 minutes of ordering, our food already started to come out. We must of tried at least 16 rolls, 8 types of sushi, 10 different appetizers and all of the mochi ice cream. I actually don't remember what I ate, since there was just a blur of hands going from the table to my mouth. Everything that we had was delicious, with the expectation of the edamame and yakitori (chicken skewers). . . The place is really cramped, crowded, and dimly lit. It's also not that expensive. . . A little about my credentials:. I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italia n Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I continue to enjoy & love food.
We saw the reviews on Yelp, thanks fellow yelpers, we got lucky on Friday @ 8pm and hit a lull with only a 20 min wait...while we sat the mobs arrived and by the time we were seated at the sushi bar the wait had ballooned to 45 min. . Lots of beautiful rolls, make sure to have the 'unknown roll special #24' (one of the items you are allowed to only order ONE of from the all-you-can-eat menu.) . This place swarms, half a dozen sushi chefs somehow deftly work behind the glass sushi displays, another half dozen waiters reconnoiter the narrow-as-you-can-get aisles in a restaurant about the size of your average living room. If you're claustrophobic you might take a pass on this place. . The fish slices were generous and fresh; waiters failed to notice empty tea/water glasses but quickly took care of it if waived down. . The sweet shrimp (raw shrimp + deep fried shrimp head - another "you can only have one" item) was just ok as the shrimp had been fried significantly earlier. . You can order ala carte, or get the AYCE for $23.95. After tax, tip and any drink besides water you'll be over the $30/person $$ rating here. . I'd go back here, yep a fan. Glad to find good reasonably priced sushi in Vegas. . btw...the line was still well out the door by the time we left @ 9:30!
Went to Vegas for the weekend, drove around the strip looking for a good sushi place...saw this restaurant in a strip mall, hoping the sushi was better than the restaurant looked. It was 3:00 on a Saturday and the place was packed, which instilled confidence. We were seated immediately and had our first roll within 10 minutes. Hubby had all you can eat, I had the KAI roll...LOVED it! Great service, awesome sushi.
I'm from the east coast where there's not such thing as all you can eat sushi so I was ecstatic to go to this place. I went on a Friday night and there was a 50 minute wait to get seated. They do not take reservations so I could not have called in advance.. . When we finally got seated, the ordering began. Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. I quickly ordered all the rolls I've scoped down on the internet based on reviews here. The rolls looked delectable and the taste was good for the first few bites. After I wharfed down a roll though, the fun wore off and I realized the sushi was good but not THAT good. What I did not like was every roll was drizzled with a sweet mayonnaise or eel sauce. There was hardly a roll we ordered that did not contain some form of cloying rich sauce. For our final roll (as we were reaching our intake limit), we asked our waiter if there was a roll that was lighter and not drenched in sauces. He recommended the happy ending roll. This was a light salmon roll topped with sliced lemons and scallions..pretty light and refreshing.. . There were plenty of other options on the all you can eat menu other than sushi. One dish I thoroughly enjoyed and got seconds and thirds of were the green shell mussels. I forgot what it was called but there were only 2 mussel dishes and one was battered. I'm talking about the non-battered cheaper mussel item. The desserts were also very good. I especially recommend the red bean ice cream!. . I'm giving this place 4 stars because I'm sure there are better all you can eat sushi places out there that do not load their rolls with so much sauce, I couldn't even taste the fish in the rolls anymore.
Oh my goodness, AYCA Sushi for $20.95 (2 hours) is a heck of a deal and a lot of other people seemed to have realized that as well. This place was crowded and fast paced. As we arrived on a Saturday afternoon there were about 10 people outside of the restaurant waiting to be seated. We actually got a mini table for 2 right next to the door,  crammed in a corner, right away. This was definitely interesting. Nonetheless, the servers were quick on their toes and our water cups were full during our entire visit. Quality of Sushi wasn't bad. I really liked it actually. The only thing that bothered me a little bit was the big cuts of fish on the Nigiris, and the big chunk of rice under the fish. I had a hard time chewing and swallowing those, other than that, the sushi cuts were really good.
Overly crowded like other reviewers have said. We were seated promptly anyway and the food came even quicker. Everything we ordered was good. I'd definitely go back and recommend this place as well.
So I finally got to try Yama after going to UNLV for how many years now. Lol! Yama has a great all you can eat menu which isn't bad based on pricing. Two rolls already covers the price so might as well get all you can eat right? Plus, you can get ice cream or mochi after your meal if you still have room. FYI their rolls are kinda dirty i.e "Wet dream" and "Morning after" however, very unique and fun!
This is one of the few great AYCE sushi joints in Vegas that are actually open for lunch! Both of my favorite spots are dinner and late night only! After checking out of our hotel, we had sushi withdrawl symptoms and needed raw fish asap!. . It was already packed right at opening. Luckily for us, there were 2 spots open right at the bar. Cha ching!. . The quality and selection here were excellent. Right up there with the best Vegas AYCE spots. AYCE items include appetizers and desserts also. It was about $21 for lunch which was great. . . Sushi itself was fresh, rice was made perfectly.. . However I give them only 4 stars because my favorite 2 spots in Vegas still reign on my list. I felt service was a bit rushed because of how crowded they were. Hikari and Sushi House Goyemon still are my tops.
This is our favorite sushi place close to home. We make a trip at least once a month, if not more. The price is great for all you can eat. For the two of us it came out to about $53 for two people. I know it's a little less for lunch.. . The service is great. Even at their very busiest, we were still attended quite regularly. Our glasses are never empty! The only downer to this place might be how cramped it can be. This is not the place to be if you are trying to have a private conversation with someone no matter how low you try to speak! lol! Also, be careful of the slippery floors! While walking in to our table or leaving there was many a day when my feet slid! I didn't know this place doubled as a skating rink! lol! It is quite crowded during peak meal times so we try to go when it is off-peak. . . The food is fantastic! The presentation is very nice. The tables are small so we try and order about two or three dishes at a time. Usually when one comes out we can chow down on it while waiting for the others to come to free up some space. The restaurant isn't so fancily decorated, but who cares, I came for the food! A big plus is being able to order half rolls. You know what that means? You can try a lot more of the great sushi! I must have been born a bear in a past life because I cannot get enough of the salmon! A must-have for the bf is the Palm Job. It is so delish! It has spicy crab in a soy paper wrap. I don't like spicy foods, however, I do steal a bite or two of this!
Fantastic place and fantastic value.  Also, everything is very FRESH.  A bit skimpy on the roe but other than that, a must-visit when you're in Vegas!
The best part about this place is the all you can eat! About $23 I think for dinner. The sushi is pretty good and they have a lot of different rolls. You can order the appetizers off the AYCE menu too! I love that! The downside is that it is always packed. It is a small place and the tables are really close together. The waiting area is small too and usually full. The service is okay. I usually overlook all this because you can't beat the price.
Good: The Sushi comes out amazingly fast. It comes out too fast. The baked rolls come out  in a normal amount of time, and they're baked! The No Name Roll was my favorite but there were many excellent choices. I am tempted to take off a point because the Harry Potter roll was the worst roll I had (still good!) and damn it show some respect to the Boy who Lived! Great Service.. . Bad: This place is a shoebox and it's popular so you're going to wait. Also my party discovered that if you take down 15 rolls between three people the waitresses are going to talk about it. Which is probably healthy shame. Also this place gave me diabetes, but I think I am partially to blame. Also we were close enough to the table next to us to feed each other.. . The Bizarre: Mounds of Sushi, Seafood Salad, Ice Cream: and I'm not full. What the hell is going on here?. . Will return.
Hey , this is hard to beat for the money.  Sat in with a good buddy and we had some funny sounding rolls , ie., "man whore".  Had a nice chat with some friendly strangers from Reno and Guatemala.  How cool is that?  I'm a fan now and will stop back on my next trip in July.
price is good. the end. i stuff my face here all the time, who doesn't? its ayce. anyways, the rolls are good and the service is great. sushi comes out quick the wait staff are very friendly. it does get busy here, so i can understand if everything is not instant. for the rolls, to my preference there are lots of fill you up quick rolls. most of lots of rice with minimal content. there is this one roll i ordered which seemed like it but battered and baked, it was really good but that roll alone can probably fill you up. these are understandable though since it is an ayce, the owner has to make some money haha. no doubt though, definitely will come back
I wish I could give Yama 3.75 stars. Yama used to be the "go to" place for sushi. Every time anyone mentioned sushi, Yama it was. Until the service started going downhill. Their food is pretty good. Their selection of special rolls is pretty unique. Their Palm Job is amazing! Their roll names are a bit amusing but you have to have a sense of humor. . . The servers and sushi chefs are hit or miss. Sometimes your water is overflowing and sometimes your slurping the last drops of your melted ice for 10 minutes. Also, the sushi chefs have a horrible habit of ignoring you if they are in the middle of doing a service order, even if you stare right at them. Normally I am pretty patient when it comes to ordering at the bar, however a simple "I'll be right with you" would be plenty.. . On the plus side, they have a great AYCE price, which more than pays for itself when you add up the individual roll prices. They also will make you half rolls too, which is my favorite. This way I can try a whole bunch of rolls without filling myself up. They do tend to cover their rolls in a good amount of sauce so if this turns you off, make sure to ask for it on the side. . . All in all, I do go back to Yama, but not as often as I used to. Step up the service guys!
I just went today for Valentine's Day, so it was pretty crowded, especially for a place that is pretty small to begin with.. . Service: They made up for this by having great food and FAST service. No joke, our orders were ready within 3 or 4 minutes. Even with the place being packed, the staff was very friendly and attentive. . . Food: The food was tasty. I ordered nigiri, tempura, miso soup, and mochi. Definitely one of the better AYCE sushi places that I've tried, especially for the price.
The all you can eat special. Hand, half or cut rolls + special rolls. Firecracker
Great sushi for AYCE.  Service is usually average, once it was poor.  However we keep coming back for the food
I love going to Yama Sushi. I found this place 2 years ago while living in Vegas for the summer. If you like all you can eat sushi, this is your place. Before my last visit this would have been 5 stars. Unfortunately after my last visit just for stars. My only real complaint is the speed of the food coming out. Sometimes it take longer than I feel it should. Might just be me. If you are eating all you can eat sushi you might realize that after 20 minutes that rice will explode in your stomach. Then that is all you can eat. I love this place and usually leave saying why do a stuff my stomach so much. Only to make a trip back the next time I am in town. The variety and the freshness of the sushi here is among the best. Get of the strip and get over to Yama Sushi. .
Best sushi I have had in vegas. Ayce for 22 amazing sushi. Can't wait to come back
One good thing when dining alone is that you get seated pronto no wait at all!! Back to Vegas and of course back to yama!!! So what is different this time around? Still crowded,price might have went up.portions still the same,quality still the same although the seafood salad I had the dressing was watery. Other than that it was what I remembered it to be.
All you can eat for $22 bucks at lunch.. . Everything is pretty much A OK.. . Lousy,ugly strip mall location,but it is Vegas after all.. . If you are in town and want a great all you can eat sushi bar experience,this is the place.
I don't live in Vegas! so i've been craving for this place in forever. The best thing about Yama sushi is everything on the menu is included in the buffet..except drinks. Yes that means, appetizers! unlimited miso soup!!!! all the sushi, desserts, everything!. . 20$ lunch, 24$ dinner. NOT BAD AT ALL. . . Considering all the sushi are fresh, aka made to order, it's awesome. Service was so-so. Place is a bit cramped. But as long as the food is good, I am with it!
There's a reason why every time you go to this place you'll find it PACKED! Their all-you-can-eat sushi is among the best quality in town. Some of the wait staff leave a bit to be desired, but the quality of the food makes it totally worth it.
This place is pretty small. I got full very fast because they give a full roll of sushi, I wish they didn't because I wanted to try the others. The service is good too, she was very nice, so that's a plus.
Fresh Sushi. Great Price. Super fast service.. . My only complain is that they are packed on the weekends and the place is small. Expected at least an hour wait!!!!!!
Great Sushi Spot! Well Rounded and I pretty much enjoyed everything. . Service was fast but we did order some stuff that they forgot. We were full anyways, so it worked out. . . Note: This place is very busy & packed around lunch time.. . My Favorites:. Spicy Seafood Salad - A Must Try!. Soft Shell Crab. Tuna - Pretty Fresh. White Tuna. No Name - A Delicious Roll!. Mango Mochi Ice Cream - Yummy!
I usually come here several times a month and even though there is usually a long wait to be seated, the food is worth it. The service here is usually great but this time around we had a really rude waitress who kept arguing with us about what we wanted to order, even though we all got the all you can eat special.. .  Every other time I have been here, every  one has been very friendly and the chefs sometimes even whip up their own specials right in front of you so you can try something different that is not on the menu. One of my favorite rolls in the no name. For the longest time, they didn't even have it on the menu and it was a "special order" off the menu item butsince it became so popular, I guess they decided to add it. . . For the price, the all you can eat is definitely worth it. Just wish they had a punch card like some of the other all you can eat sushi places.
I usually stay on the strip in vegas and eat mostly on the strip.  My brother's gf recommended us to try this place and it was only about a ten minute drive away so we thought why not.  I was pleasantly surprised!  They have an all you can eat menu for about $25 a person for dinner and the selection and quality you get is really good.  Everything tasted really fresh and the rolls didn't have too much rice on it.  I'll definitely be going back again.. . The only bad thing about this place is the waitress we had tried to memorize our order and didn't really write anything down.  She forgot some parts of our order which ended up being okay because we over ordered.. . Try to get their early, it was super crowded even though we got there around 5p for dinner and the place is relatively small.
awesome sushi.  I thought all you can eat sushi would be a total rip.... nope.  It's really good.
My nieces and I were out in Vegas for the weekend and got the urge for sushi.  Of course we yelped and came across this place.  Well we loved the reviews and decided to check it out.  No regrets what so ever!!   . . We went on a sat evening and maybe waited 15 min.  Got a table and had some amazing sushi.  We were all happy with what we got....super tasty!!!  We plan to come here again anytime we come to Vegas.  I highly recommend it.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the location is a bit small and I used to a restaurant being a little more roomy for the guests to move in and out without worrying about turning around and having someone butt in your face.  Regardless, this wouldn'tstop me from going AT ALL!!!
We stopped by Yama sushi on a road trip out to Bryce Canyon - all you can eat sushi for 17 for lunch? Sounds like a great deal - we went with more typical rolls {RAINBOW ROLL, SPICY TUNA, YELLOWTAIL} we stuffed ourselves and got a little more towards the end our server suggested some of their specialty rolls (which most of us always avoid because of the heavy sauces) but we weren't disappointed we ordered a few rounds of {PALM JOB} and unfortunately can't remember the names of the others - we went off a lot of other help reviewers too.  . . We enjoyed our experience so much we went back a second time on our way back.  Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area!
i like creative cut rolls and that is the one thing i did not like here.  they have over 20 specialty rolls, but after reading the descriptions it seemed like 3-4 rolls with one thing changed to make it a new roll.  . our service was great and everything was fresh.  the nigiri is the best i've had from an ayce sushi restaurant.  nice big fish piece of fish and just enough rice.
Love this AYCA Sushi venue! At first my friends and I saw the 40 minute wait and the people waiting outside but realized it must be popular. We went ahead and waited it out and it was worth it for sure. It cost $20.95 person. Service was excellent as food came around fast and drinks were refilled. I ordered the seafood salad (as when you do the AYCE deal, you can have 1 salad per person). We were ordering all sorts of shrimp sushi rolls. The mussels were amazing as we shared 3 orders of that. We also got 2 orders of sesame chicken. I ordered some eel rolls that were also tasty. Great experience overall.. . The reason I gave it four stars is because the place is very small and there was a wait to get in. We also tried to make a reservation here and they only do first come first serve. Other than that, I recommend this place to anyone that wants AYCE and doesn't mind the wait.
I just had the all you can eat sushi here and it was amazing, the food was amazing the service was very good, the atmosphere was very nice. I would recommend this place to anyone.
When you get a hankering for some sushi, you ultimately know it is going to be an expensive experience. However, there are some spots that offer an all you can eat (AYCE) experience that can runs the gamut of being good or downright terrible. While the service is a bit interesting and the ambiance somewhat confining, their well-made sushi rolls more than make up for its shortcomings and keep me coming back for more.. . The menu certainly offers your normal menu that you would expect along with their special rolls that define a sushi establishment. The chef specials are amusingly named and certainly offer an array of flavors. The man whore roll was interesting with a spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and cream cheese and certainly a good starting point. The wet dream was alright but essentially a california roll, while the Son of the Beast was certainly a good offering of sweet and savory, spicy and mellow. The fresh fish was pretty good and well cut, while the rice was nicely rolled.. . Service was reasonably attentive and water glasses rarely went empty while the sushi arrived in a nice progression and the wait wasn't too excessive. I'd suggest ordering more when you have a roll left on the table. It certainly was loud and a little rambunctious, but I think that was part of the charm. . . Tables are rather close together so you might be overhearing the table next to you. Probably not a good idea to discuss a business merger or chat about the insider stock tips you got. . . Plan to make reservations otherwise you might be in for a wait. We waited about 20 minutes for our table, which wasn't too excessive but we didn't go on a peak night either. You'll thank me for my suggestion when you wait in the 105 degree heat. . . All in all, you definitely geta good value for your money and definitely one of the better options for affordable and good sushi.
I'm not exactly sure why.. but I've been craving sushi A LOT lately. This is only of any importance because I used to despise sushi. Just anybody suggesting it would result in a dirty look from me. So when a group of old friends invited me to Yama Sushi, I was actually looking forward to it.. . There was about a 35 minute wait before we got seated (only 10 minutes for me & another friend because we were super late meeting up with the rest of the group. hehe.) Anyway, this was a surprise to me because it was a Thursday night. I would only expect this on a weekend; a good indication though, mind you.. . The inside is pretty small. It was cramped, actually. The tables are separated by mini room dividers. I didn't mind this at all because I wasn't there to be close & intimate with anybody.. but the table next to us might have appreciated more separation from our group. We were pretty rowdy. Lol. The servers barely had any maneuvering room. I'm sure they've knocked a few people in the back of the heads before. . . As any person with any bit of common sense would do, we all got the AYCE. At $23.99 for dinner, I'd say this is a pretty good deal! They had a pretty big menu. I was especially delighted when I saw BBQ ribs on the appetizers section. (I love ribs!) These were short ribs served on shredded cabbage. I probably had about 4 orders of these. So yummy! I like the fatty kind, which to me has the best flavor. They had those, along with the lean ones as well. You just get a random combo in one plate.. Now on to the sushi.. honestly, I don't even really remember what we ordered. All I know was that I enjoyed 99% of it. The one that stood out to me is the No Name (#24). I remember enjoying that one the most. Everything seemed really fresh. I was looking at the ingredients and I noticed "Crunch" was used in many of the rolls.. and whatever it was, I liked it.. I also tried the quail egg one. I was so excited. I grew up eating quail egg & I absolutely love it. But I wasn't told that it was gonna be raw.. maybe that's what the server meant when she stated, "Oh we have an adventurer here." I looked at it, tried it, and let's just say that it ended up balled up in napkin.. . Service was great. Up until we were left waiting for our server to check up on us again so we could order some more, only to have another server tell us that she left. Weird.. no one even bothered to let us know. Well the 2nd server ended up taking care of us at the end of the night and God bless her. She had to put up with one of our friends, who had an order of sushi left untouched. He was willing to pay a la carte for it, but she was nice enough to try and get it half off.. then ended up not charging him at all. . . Overall, this place is great. I would definitely come back and recommend it as well. Btw, don't forget your desserts! Mango & chocolate mochi ice cream and red bean ice cream! Yum!
Waiter: So what would you like? . Me: I want a happy ending with harry potter. . Waiter: (Straight face) Would you also like a man whore with that? . . At any other place, I would probably get some weird look or a slap in the face; however, at Yama Sushi, I just get a big smile. So one of my friends recommended this AYCE sushi place to me in Vegas. At first I was extremely skeptical, considering the closest ocean to Vegas is about 6 or 7 hours away. However, when I came in and saw the huge menu, I was completely caught off guard at the quality and the selection. Addtionally, I love the back side to the menu where they have Yama's rolls which all have the most interesting names.. . Normal sushi: . Tuna/ yellowtail/ albacore sashimi- awesome. Octopus/ squid sashimi- Not so much, too chewy for my taste . Sea urchin- Tastes very fishy, not my taste, but some of our group loved it. . . Yama's specialty rolls:  . Harry potter- It's like a garlic tempura roll- pretty awesome . Happy ending- It's a tuna roll with lemon- Really tangy . Man whore- It's like a Philly cheese roll- No one should ever mix cream cheese with sushi. . Hot night- Very spicy- But pretty good as well. Who's your daddy- It's okay. . . Dessert: . Green tea ice cream- awesome . Mango mochi- awesome . Red bean ice cream- tastes like candy . . All of this only cost me $27 withtip. FREAKING AMAZING, TALK ABOUT HAVING A HAPPY ENDING. Even though we had to wait for an hour it was worth it! My only gripe is the sushi isn't the most fresh and most of the rolls are hit or miss, but the selection makes up for it. Best AYCE sushi in Vegas hands down. . . Unfortunately, since it's an AYCE I can't ask for a happy ending to go ;D.
Simple place, in a basic Vegas strip mall with a great AYCE menu. . I've always been told this place is a hot spot, a favorite and always busy, and it certainly lived up to it's reputation. . . We were a group of 4 and amazingly walked in with no wait and were seated at a little table against the wall next to the bar.. . Friendly staff, and excellent service. Next time I'd love to try the sitting at the sushi bar.
It's so good! Best sushi in town!! And best price for all you can eat! Highly recommend it!
We visit this place every time we go to Vegas. This is AYCE sushi place that serves sushi bar quality sushi. Try to sit by the sushi bar and ask one of sushi chefs to make "your style". Pleasant surprise.
Small, intimate and loud, it's no wonder Yama Sushi was brimming with people on a late Saturday night. To bypass the traffic, my friend and I decided to reject the tables and plopped at the busy bar. The food was quick and portion size was generous, but the execution of the rolls left me with that "oh god, I need to run ten miles and eat only broccoli for the rest of the week" type feeling. The sushi rolls are blanketed with vile spicy mayo and sweet eel sauce; which is too bad because the rolls were nicely done. I did my best to scrape out the greasy mayo, but my efforts seemed futile. By the end, relics of mayo and rice can be seen on the plate. Not to be rude in front of sushi masters, I gulped those mayo bites down with the help of green tea. At least the spicy taste stayed intact. My friend's nigiri was fresh and proved that fish is better simple. By the end of the meal, my body was filled with jealousy when I saw patron's sashimi salad with a slaw of radishes. Damn. Curse my wandering eyes for skipping the salad section.. . For $22.95, this AYCE is one of the best deals in town. Servers were on point: checked in moderate intervals, refilled drinks, and handed out check without any rush. I just wish the sushi gurus were more pleasant in the beginning, but were great overall. I'll probably be back again to dabble in other rolls and salads. And request easy on the sauce.
Great place! I just started getting into sushi and this place has an amazing selection of rolls and dessert. I lean towards the tempura rolls and they were really good. The place is a bit small and hard to find, but definitely worth it once you start eating.
I LOVE this place; I am obsessed! . I have literally driven across town, from my place in Henderson to get this sushi spot! . .  The fish and sushi is FAST, creative  and FRESH FRESH FRESH! The BEST thing about this place is that its AYCE!!!! . .  I have a few staples and among them I recommend the Fire Cracker Roll: Stuffed Jalepenos tempura fried with spicy mayo; GET IT if you like a little spice! (some are spicier than others). I always get two orders because four pieces is just not enough.. . Harry Potter Roll and Wet dream, also two of my favorites! . . Just be sure that if you get AYCE that you do in fact EAT IT ALL because they charge you a la carte prices for what you leave behind (shouldn't be hard because its SO GOOD)! . . The only reason I gave them four stars is the service, mostly lacking. They could have a wait and they won't open up certain sections and their waiters aren't the most attentive. Doesn't matter because the food here is the super star! SUPER STARRRRRR!!!! (yes, I threw in a Mary Katherine Gallagher reference)
This place is amazing, I have been to a few places but this is by far the best. But they do not reserve seats. Yelp says they do, but they do not.
This is a good spot to go if you are hungry. AYCE sushi! And they have specialty rolls you can order too. We didn't think we were going to eat so much so we didn't do the AYCE but we should have because our bill came out to more than what it would have been if we paid the AYCE. We will definetly be back next time we are in town.
My husband and I were in Vegas for the wknd and wanted some sushi without all the glam of the strip in Vegas. We took our chances based on location and reviews and SO Happy We did. We didn't get all fat and crazy with AYCE, but it totally would have been worth it! Very much would recommend this place!
Came here for the first time with a co worker at lunch! I will totally be back!  The all you can eat lunch special is well worth it!  The firecracker roll is a MUST! SO good!  It is a rather small place, and the seating does tend to feel a little on top of each other, but the service was fast and the food made up for it!  It did seem to draw a large lunch crowd, to get there somewhat early!
Im definitely a fan of this place. I've had one bad experience here, but the rest have been okay or better.. . The bad experience: it was a slow week day, there had to have been only 3 tables occupied.. And service was slow. unbelievably slow. They kept messing up our orders, they even forgot some of our orders.. seriously? how could you do that when you only had a few customers in the restaurant? . . The good: On good days, they make our sushi pretty fast.. surprisingly. And they do try to be attentive with orders and requests.. . They advertise on yelp that they take reservations... I dont know about that. Maybe if you were having a big party you could ask to reserve this little space they have near their entrance. I'm just guessing, I dont exactly know for sure because as far as I know, I asked if we could reserve a table when I first started going here and they informed me it was first come first serve.. . Price.. It's decent. It's pretty much around the same price as other sushi places I've been at.. . Service.. I'd rate it as average.. . . If I had to recommend a dish to try, I would recommend the sun of the beach. One of their most popular dishes. If you dont like salmon though, I'd skip on this.. . . I'd say if you're hungry and you want to eat right away dont come on their busy nights.. you know friday, saturday nights.. They get pretty packed. And you could be waiting for a really long time. If you're by yourself, you could probably get lucky and get squeezed in at the sushi bar... other than that, you have been warned.
A small sushi place by Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy. You have to get here early (any day) or else you will be waiting for at least 30 minutes. . . We arrived here at around 5:50pm and the place was already almost full. We got seated right away at the bar. . . Ordered the following (that I can remember):. . Spicy Seafood Salad - the BOMB! It was soo good!. Nigiris - okay. Although some of the fish that I've tasted we're not that fresh. . Who's your daddy roll - it was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Soft shell crab - yummy. Tempura - ordinary. . Service was good and everyone was very attentive. . . Their price isn't bad too for AYCE, it's only $23.75 for dinner compared to other places who charges $27-29.. . We will be back!
All you ca eat sushi,Good price in Las Vegas, Missing one star cause Service should be more improved. I ordered a cup of water, it never came until I called the waiter 3 times.
I was craving sushi badly and didn't even care if I had to go by myself to get it. So I hit up yelp, which OF COURSE, never fails me and found Yama Sushi. All of my friends had already been to it without inviting me (uh!) so I decided to see what all the fuss was about.. . Loved. It. . . I went in to a fairly empty restaurant and sat at the almost full bar. My only, only complaint is that this place is so unnecessarily noisy. I don't know if it's acoustics or rudeness, but it really needs to tone down. I sat next to two of the rudest people I believe I've ever sat near. They chewed with their mouth open, talked so loud that when I took a phone call my best friend said she'd call back when SHE could hear ME. Bad, bad.. . Other than that, the service was spectacular and the sushi was delicious. I had some albacore (fresh!), a little edamame (a little overcooked), some fiery sushi, some soft shell crab, and rols, rolls, rolls. I loved it all! I really couldn't stop eating and I'm not one to gorge generally. This place made me! I swear!. . The final bite was mango mochi. Yum-my. It was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. . . I am definitely heading back to this AYCE soon!
Thee best AYCE sushi! . . You can literally have ANYTHING on their menu; no restrictions.. . Cost:. for lunch time ayce $20.95 / person. . What's good:. - seafood salad (mild or spicy) ---- MUST HAVE. - no name roll --- MUST HAVE. - deep fried mussels. - green mussels. - sun of the beach. . No bueno:. - plum ice cream --- tastes like medicine. - grand canyon, or golden canyon. - anything with cooked salmon on top --- salmon is dry
Yelp has this one pegged well!!  Yama's got it figured out. The only comment I can add is they need to raise their prices!!  The meal I had (both quality and quantity) can easily command a $40-50 ticket. . . Well done Yama Sushi!!!
Went in and the place was packed.  That's a good sign.  After an acceptable wait (Sunday afternoon) got two places at the bar.. . Talk about FAST service.  We would give the chef an order and bam, it was there in a few minutes.  The only things that took a bit longer were the gyoza and bbq ribs.. . Sushi was good.  Best ever?  No, but you don't go to an all you can eat joint for the best sushi ever.  Above par?  Definitely.. . Good assortment of rolls.  I like the half roll size, so you don't get stuck with something that sucks.. . Strip Tease roll and 007 roll were great.  There was a Palm something or rather that I highly recommend as well.. . As a plus (and some places don't do this) but you get Mochi included.  A perfect way to end the meal!
Been to Yama twice and both times were awesome! My husband and I ordered the all you can eat sushi. The sushi were quite delicious and they also had a variety. Will definitely recommend.. . My only complaint is that the price for the children's all you can eat was the same as the adults.
Rules to eating AYCE sushi:. . Wear stretchy pants. Avoid ordering rolls. Arrive hungry. Pace yourself. Don't fill your stomache by drinking too much H2O. . I usually don't order their appetizers because most of the items on the list are just fillers, but their sashimi salad is amazing.
One of the best ayce sushis so far. Great service, the waitress gave us extra pitchers of drinks, napkins, wasabi without asking. The place isn't big but they accommodated our party of 16 guys with no problem. I would definitely recommend this spot. It's off the strip a little but only about 5-10 minute drive
Very very good sushi consider it is an "all you can eat" spot. I find the quality of fish is usually sub par when AYCE is offered, but Yama sushi fish was fresh. This could possibly be because of how busy this tiny spot gets. Service was decent even during full house and they did not hesitate to keep bringing my guest and I our tuna sushi even though we were ordering 10 orders at a time. One star was lost because of how tight quarters the tables are and everything does tend to feel rushed. Be prepared to wait for your table even on a weekday.
I was on vacation here and was craving for some sushi. So I asked my cousin who lives here to take me to a really good sushi place. When we got here it was packed with a crowded outside the pretty small restaurant. We decided to wait since we drove quit a while to get here. Oh man every thing we ordered was no disappointment. It has been three weeks since I ate there and I am still craving for their food!! For sure when I visit my family again I will make sure that is one of my pit stop. can't wait!
I love YAMA! Great sushi spot and so happy that I've now moved closer to the location. I absolutely love their seafood salad. Great AYCE menu. The wait can be quite a turn off but if you go with a party of two or solo the seating is timeless. I haven't gone to the location and it be empty....there's a wait if you go when they open or right before they close. The staff is friendly and the food is great. What more can you ask for??
My second time eating  there and the food was great again. We sat at the sushi bar and the service was fast, but the place was PACKED on a Saturday night. The wait would have been 45 minutes to an hour for a table and I heard them tell a group of 8 it would more like hour and a half.. . The bar would normally be ok, but I think they squeezed in a few more bar stools and everyone was cramped and dumping I into each other while eating.. . Over all...I loved the food and will definately go back, just not on a Saturday night.
Very good but a couple steps from fabulous.  All you can eat 24.00. Wait a little long
Yama Sushi is one of my favorite AYCE sushi locations in the Las Vegas area. They have a pretty good selection of different types of sushi to try out and all are quite delicious! I don't care much for the names, but some of my favorite ones include "Kiss the A**" ,"Double Dragon" and the baked salmon rolls (these take a while to make but well worth the wait). Be prepared for long waits, especially at peak hours of lunch and dinner. Service could be a little faster at times which is why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars. But hey, they are usually quite busy, so at times I can understand, but there was one occasion where they forgot to get my family one of the sushi dishes we ordered. Overall, a great place, and great AYCE sushi. Their side dishes, like the seafood salad, is something to try if you're also into raw seafood salads. Please check this place out if you're in Vegas or are in town visiting. It's a few miles east of the strip on the corner of Maryland Pkwy and Flamingo Rd, next to Albertsons supermarket.
This place is possibly Vegas' best kept secret. Their sushi is amazing and original, making the fact that its all you can eat a huge bonus and pleasant surprise.. . Service here is always fast and efficient, but they definitely run a tight ship and if you eat close to closing time they'll make you feel rushed and unimportant.. . Overall a strong experience both times, and the value makes this a can't miss.
pretty good sushi.  i always get nervous when they say they will charge you for uneaten sushi though.  hahaha
good but too busy
Excellent sushi Restaurant in Vegas, Location is great if you're staying on the strip... The food is great and their service is fast! The place is very small so there is wait times for awhile!!
Great sushi! Great value. Only reason it's not 5 stars was service. We had to wait a while for our orders, and a couple of time our waitress disappeared. Still, overall a great experience. Also, the half roll option is a GREAT option. It lets you try a little of everything and still have room for seconds of your favorites. We WILL be back for sure. We'll just order more rolls and order more before the first round is gone to decrease the wait time!
Woot! I'm a fan! I often will hit upYama after a big workout to get some quality grub and nourishment in my belly!  For around $27 per person, it's not going to break the bank and like most AYCE places, it's everything included.. Rolls, hand rolls, Sashimi, Nigiri, Dessert... Beer and adult beverages are additional, but I don't often partake in Day drinking after the gym.. though it's been know to happen.. OK maybe ONE beer... for the carbs... . Anyway, it's near UNLV and as a result seems to be popular with the local student population, and it's popular with my group of friends too. check it out.  Happy Eating!
Teeny tiny, but worth the wait! The fish is always fresh at this place, and they have a great selection of specialty rolls. The all-you-can-eat is a decent price, and includes the most AMAZING seafood salad. I could eat that stuff all day! Would give 5 stars if they included at least some sashimi in AYCE and/or improved their selection. There is always a line outside, and it's a bit cramped, but only because all the locals know how awesome it is.
Another AYCE sushi! Be prepared to wait for a table wait to order and wait for your check. Food pretty good not the greatest but good. At lest the food came out in a timely manner. All the sushi was fresh. The uni was awesome!  Have to say worth the  wait!
Try the palm job and the happy ending....they're amazing!
Sushi is fresh, service is awesome! Must try!!!!
This all you can eat sushi place is a must when you visit Las Vegas.. . We've all been intrigued and tried the $30 buffet. With all of its beautiful decorations and intricate deserts, I must say I'm a fan as well.. . However, when it comes down to all you can eat sushi. I'm a much stricter consumer. . . Yama sushi gets notoriously busy at night. So, I went on a Friday night. Surprisingly, the wait was about 30 minutes for 3 people. We sat at the bar, a little cramped for space. Then again, I'm here for the food.. . THE FOOD IS GREAT. Everything we ordered is fresh and delicious. Many of the one order/customer items are top notch. Try the seafood salad- spicy, you will not regret it.. . Unfortunately, this restaurant is rather small. A long wait and a small table is almost a guarantee. However, after a good hour of non-stop eating great food. It doesn't matter.. . Definitely not a sit and chat place as many waiting customers will give you the death stare. Besides, after eating a full meal, the last thing I want to do is sit and stare at the reminants of my plate.
I love eating at Yama Sushi. My cousin and I go atleast once a week or every two weeks. . . I was never a big fan of sushi until my cousin said let's go eat here. At first, I thought I wouldn't like it but it was so good that we had to make this a weekly/bi-weekly visit. I don't normally eat raw fish but I made that change when I started eating here. The AYCE menu is perfect for me because I certainly can eat.. . I gave this place a 4 out of 5 star rating because the place is sooo small. The food is great, the staff is great, just the space in there is so cramped. But of course, that does not stop me from going there.
Great sushi, but waiting forever for sushi is not my idea of a good dining experience way too cramped and way too trendy.
My favorite is their seafood salad. It's got all the right spices. I also love their shrimp tempura. The bad thing about this place is that it's small and the wait to get in is ridiculous. They definitely need a bigger place. The service isn't that great as well.
Best ayce sushi place I've been. Quality was great for the price point. My rating reflects that. However... I hated being hassled to finish everything on my plate before being able to place my next order. I understand they are working with slim margins due to the quality of their fish (which I applaud them for) and the Vegas market is tough for buffets but your patrons don't want to feel pressured while eating. 2-cents Thx yelp universe for letting  me rant
First time wife and I have had AYCE at a sushi restaurant and it was quite a treat. The fact their price is only $24/person makes it that much better. Overall the food was very good and well prepared not cheap/slop as one would expect. The service is super fast and plenty of wait staff around to help all the time. It was Fri night at 10pm and it was packed. The sushi was fresh and clean tasting and the rice was not overstuffed which showed they were not trying to fill you up on rice.......very impressive. We had a few exotic rolls with interesting sauces and each was unique and distinct. The deep fried soft shell crab appetizer was surprisingly good for such an inexpensive restaurant. The hamachi kama was the only dish that was literally ruined by over cooking it. I have had the real thing (large cuts off the head/shoulder) in Japan and Hong Kong for years and the way it should be is barely cooked over anopen flame which draws out all of the oil and makes the fish super moist and melts in your mouth. This was dry and therefore almost tasteless compared to the real thing.. . But the truly amazing standout at this restaurant is clearly the seafood salad. We started out with one and devoured it in joy. The dressing is very spicy so be careful......but it was bursting with flavor. What they do (in my opinion) is use the end cuttings from the sashimi plus 2 pieces of tempura shrimp for the ingredients. Amazing, pieces of every kind of fish and scallops and all melted in your mouth. Even the odd cut pieces of salmon were smooth as silk. When they asked for last orders we were pretty stuffed so decided on one more of the seafood salad (one allowed for each diner) but when it came out we were blown away.....it had twice as much fish as the first order.....it was absurd, had to have at least 25 pieces of fish/scallops....we could not even finish it and had to waddle out the front door because of it. Here's the thing: if you eat sushi in any form it is filled with rice, the menu does not offer sashimi for this reason: most would order it over sushi so as not to fill up. Well this dish is all sashimi and then some...........you can eat great fish and not get overly filled up to leave room for some of the great appetizers.. . Will be back next time we are in Vegas.
Honestly the best place I've been for AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. . . The place was very crowded and lively, but there was space at the sushi bar. We were served promptly. I found it interesting, they don't have you write out your orders you just let the sushi chef know. The chef we dealt with had great customer service and was always ready to take our next order. . . Unfortunately I don't remember the specific rolls I got, but they were all wonderful. The sushi was very fresh. We had Salmon and Albacore nigiri. I also had the Uni and it was the best I've had in Vegas and we've been to several places. . . I will without a doubt come back here.
Love this place! They've been consistent with their product and I've been coming here since 2006! Still the best one in town - price and quality. Thank you Yama!
Solid AYCE sushi.  Great price and good quality.  Salmon kama was very tasty.  Unagi was flavorless though.  Mochi ice cream for dessert is a good way to end the meal.  Not the best sushi but a great value.  I do wish they had more seating.
One of the best AYCE Sushi places!. . I highly recommend trying the seafood salad that consists of a variety of fresh, delicious sashimi. Mine was a bit spicy and it definitely gave it a kick! The sashimi overall was the best! The salmon was extremely fresh and tasty. The rolls are quite delicious as well. Some of the rolls were a bit heavy in sauce, mayo, and rice. If you're going to do it AYCE style, eating a bunch of these rolls after a while may make you feel a bit queasy and the taste won't be as great. . . The price for AYCE dinner is about $23. Not too bad! The place is vibrant and lively, but way too crowded! There's barely enough elbow space. Go on a less busy day to beat the long wait and congested area. You also get mochi ice cream and regular green tea/red bean ice cream if you do it AYCE style. The vanilla and strawberry mochi is YUMMY. . . Definitely a good sushi experience! (:
I've been a fan of Yama Sushi for a couple of years now & have eaten there several times. This is my 2nd review. . Knowing about the long wait times, we went around 10pm. We were seated immediately, but were not given menus until we asked for one. The AYCE was our choice & we ordered Goyza, Edamame, seafood salad, & cucumber salad to kick things off. Everything was prepared fresh, & served quickly. The rolls came next; Rainbow, No Name, Dragon, & a few others. All were great. We finished off the meal with some mochi ice cream. Overall, this place is still my favorite, although their success has gone to their heads a little, as they were in a hurry to close up and rushed us out the door at the end of our meal. The speedy service & freshness of the food was what I have come to expect from Yama though, & they have yet to disappoint.. *It appears as if Yama is expanding, There was a sign on the door that said they will be closed on June 10, & 11. I saw some guys laying tile in the strip mall store next door, so maybe Yama will be a bit roomier next time we go.
Walked in and it was crowded. That's usually a good sign.  I was still seated immediately. The staff was friendly enough and attentive.. . So far this place has the freshest sushi that I have in vegas.  The uni was soooo sweet, but they limit you to one order with the AYCE.  They gave me too, don't tell.  They also have Kama which is another of my favorites.  And the sweet shrimp.  Half of it was sashimi, the tail of course, but then they tempuraed the head.  NICE!!. Oh, and i sat next to some drunk guy from outside of chicago who called his son a pussy for not trying the uni.He told me to feel free and call him a pussy too.  I refrained.. But sir if you ever read this, sitting next to you was a pleasure and I hope someday I reach that age where I can get drunk and obnoxious and everybody just smiles and says," Oh that Joshua, he says the darnedest things!". P.S. Mr. White-Sox fan also told me that you can tell the sushi is fresh when you get home, go to the bathroom, look in the toilet and it's still swimming!. Excellent dinner conversation!!!!
This place ROCKS! Everything is GREAT! Nice Atmosphere Stays open later than most places during a week night!
This place very good srevice exelent rolls very teasty sea food salad thats the best, personally i dont like the abacord is another fish the cucumber salad is to chunky they call it garlic sause but is no Garlic on it, if you dont eat in Yama yet u need to give a try cuz the place is very good since 1999  , they make the sauses from scratc good rolls
Great food highly recommend this small location but awesome food!!!!!!!! great staff and cooks!
Great staff, good sushi and always busy. The constant wait should tell you something.  It's one of better AYCE sushi places in town but the wait time can be a hindrance. The sesame chicken and teriyaki beef for appetizers are very good. Most rolls I had are great and made well. I would refer this place to anyone just be cautious that the wait may be a while.
All you can eat sushi for a flat rate! The rolls just keep coming till you say "no mas", The specialty rolls are quite awesome. I had several of the sushi pieces, the fish is fresh, firm and just as it should be. The rice is cooked well. However, this a personal choice, I like a little bit of the vinegar on the rice to give it a subtle sourness to compliment the sweetness of the fish. The rice felt like well done steamed rice. It's a matter of choice. It absolutely beats the sushi served at most buffets on the strip. If you love sushi, this is a must try in Las Vegas.
I've passed by this place for about a year. After wondering why there were always so many people gathered outside i decided to try it. I went in late night with my sister, we had about a 25 minute wait. We decided on the all you can eat deal which was AMAZING!!! The only catch was that we absolutely had to eat EVERYTHING. The food deserved a 5 star rating hands down I gave it 4 stars because of the waiting first and for most. We had to wait when we arrived, we had to wait 15 minutes for each item we ordered even drinks. The only other issue was the space. There are wayyyy to many tables and no walk space. I felt like i was eating a meal with strangers and we were so close i felt like i was a part of their conversation.
I love this place anytime I'm by UNLV and in the mood for sushi, ill hit this place up... Even better now is the place just got bigger so now there is no 1 to 2 hour wait... Still a little cramped in there but at least your not sanding outside for too long. The sushi is still good but I some times think their servers don't have assigned areas because I'm always asked did some take your drink over at least twice?? But I guess I'll take that over not being asked at all
Majide!!! . . Look, this place is an AYCE sushi joint not some three Michelin star winning sushi restaurant like Sukiyabashi Jiro. So if you are looking for top quality sushi, you should know better than to come here. I mean, do you go into McDonald's expecting USDA prime beef? I should rephrase that to do you expect real beef at McDonald's ... . . I mean it baffles my mind that people expect 5-star sushi at an AYCE where lunch (11 to 3) is $20.95 and dinner (3 to 11) is $23.95! Then again, there are insensible morons all around us like the crazies that I saw the other day buying sushi from 7-Eleven. Oh the horror!. . Let's put it this way, compared to the prices of buffets on The Strip, Yama Sushi's price is a steal. Moreover, have you even seen the deplorable sushi on The Strip? Either way, I came here expecting quantity over quality, but was surprised that the quality wasn't too shabby. . . The wife and I ate at Yama Sushi because we were in town with a bunch of Los Angeles Yelpers as part of an unofficial summer break weekend for July 4th. You see, the wife and I don't usually eat AYCE and Yama Sushi was not even on our radar, but since the group decided to check it out we decided to join them as not to be party foul. . . So yea, although I still needed to tackle down some of the Vegas restaurants reviewed by my Yelp friend and Vegas aficionado Rod U. (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_lists?userid=oeAhRa8yFa9jtrhaHnOyxQ) who has several awesome Vegas restaurant lists, we took the detour with Yama Sushi that ended up being better than expected.. . Despite our large party (20+), Yama Sushi accommodated us by putting together 4-5 tables. Since I am an aisle-person (planes, concerts, sporting events), the wife and I sat at an end table. Our end table of six was the sober table because we had come to eat and not to get drunk and rowdy. I mean pro eaters know that AYCE places recuperate their money via overpriced alcohol, DUH!. . Anyways, we must have ordered a million rolls. I can't even remember what we had because the food just kept on "rollin". There were rolls with cream cheese, rolls with eel sauce, and rolls with gooey mayo goodness. But with AYCE, everything all starts tasting the same after awhile. Good thing Ed A. (http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=zyFN0KU7Y9MfTZIROrsKhA) was at our table to clear the leftover roll pieces our gluttonous asses could not finish... so that we could order more of course. . . Coming in with low expectations, I was surprised that the food wasn't too bad. The rolls were decent and the appetizers such as the soft shell crab and sweet shrimp were tasty. I really do not know how this business model works because pretty much their entire menu is available for AYCE (some items such as the uni had a limit of one order).. . The only real awkward moment of the night was that there seemed to be some disagreement with the drunk table at our party about whether they had ordered 3 or 4 small bottles of sake (375 ML). While I was not paying attention to their count, either they are real lightweights with sake or the restaurant overcharged a bottle. At the end of the day, they ended up only paying for 3. Aside from that moment, I was impressed by how good a job Yama did of servicing our large crowd.. . So is Yama Sushi 5-star quality? Come on now. However, for the price, it is as good a value that you will find in a town (Las Vegas aka Lost Wages) hell-bent on stealing all your wages.  . . * BTW AYCE sushi places get you full with the rice in the rolls.. ** The only sashimi-type dish for AYCE they have is the sashimi salad.
Iv'e been here 4 times now. Good sushi, great price, decent service. Not many AYCE in Vegas. Will go back. I recommend the seafood salad.
One of the best all u can eat sushi spots in las vegas. Rolls are amazing, ladies are nice, more room now and overall awesome food! location sucks only downside
Place was yummy. We were lucky to not have to wait at ALL. Staff was funny and helpful, Nice selection of sushi. I had never gone to an AYCE sushi place before and I think I might be spoiled now. For the price this place was great!
Yama is a great off the strip place to visit for lunch. We normally drop in on our way up from the valley. I really like to sit at the sushi bar and banter with the chefs as they make whatever you like. The quality for the price is great, very nice white tuna, great mackerel - It isn't fine dining or what have you but the quality is there.. I enjoy the seafood salad that they make and my better half likes some of their baked rolls..  They make one thing in particular that is out of this world, to me at least. Hamachi Kama is so good there. Not fried, just grilled like you don't want to know. One thing to note is that it gets really busy, really fast so sitting at the sushi bar as a couple is great. . Since May, they expanded and have a U shaped sushi bar and much more seating so it might be a bit better for wait times. It is all you can eat if you want it, and well worth it.
By far the best AYCE sushi I have had in my life. The place is small and crowded but that gives it a festive vibe. . . The food was excellent. Thank goodness we were at the bar so you can order directly from the sushi chefs and get your sushi fast. I've heard that at the regular tables they usually get your order wrong and takes awhile to get your sushi. . . It did take while to get our diet coke and ice tea from the servers. Thus the 4 instead of 5 star review. The sushi chef also were not pleased when my coworker ordered and seafood salad and I declined it but later ordered it when I saw his. Whatever. But the seafood salad was excellent. More like sashimi in sauce since there was no veggie to speak off except shredded daikon. . . I would definitely come here again. The whole meal was less than $30 per person. Quite a bargain for Vegas AYCE restaurants.
I have never been to this sushi place before, and I went based on the suggestion of a friend from work. She lead me in the right direction. . . It was a busy night, so I was very lucky to get in, and get a seat at the bar. The staff was very attentive. Although, they did forget my potstickers, but I won't hold that against them. Every roll I had was made right in front of me, which I had never experienced before. . . I had maybe 5 different rolls before I called it a night, and every single roll was great! I have a very weak stomach, so I only had one spicy roll. Definitely would go again. Either alone, or with a group, you're in for a great experience.
The sushi and other oceanic creatures were very fresh and for the price, you can't complain! I loved the soft shell crab and the happy ending...no really, its a roll. Lol the service was a little crazy but all in all a great experience!  We try to go there everytime we are in town.
Love this restaurant! Stumbled upon it back in 2008 when I was waiting for a friend who was also flying in for the weekend. I try to come here when I'm in town. Try: Strip Tease roll, Oh Dam Harry roll.
My aunt and cousin brought me here for the first time after raving about how delicious it is for hours and I LOVE IT!! My fav was the No Name roll and the Man Whore! The place was def packed but it was a 10 min wait for 5 of us and the service was pretty fast after ordering. The best way to do it is to do the all u can eat sushi with a group of ppl and sample everything u can. Make sure u finish everything cuz they will charge u for what ever u leave.
This place is great all u can eat!!! Good quality fun rolls ...appitizers are just ok my favorite tools are be mine wet dream and shrimp lover.... Try to make a reservation cuz there always busy
For $24 bucks a person at lunch including tip is pretty good for AYCE sushi.. . Yama has a good variety of different sushi and rolls for you to choose from. Besides sushi, there are also other appetizers (soft shell crab, chicken, edamame, tofu, etc) that you can order. So you can come with everyone and anyone that wants to eat because you can pretty much satisfy everyone. From people that like sashimi, to rolls, or people that don't like sushi at all they have options here too. . . There are a couple items that are limit one per person and of course, those are the "premium" items. Uni, yellowtail collar, sashimi salad, sweet shrimp, etc. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yama-sushi-las-vegas?select=3jWsRK-2pIRA9Ze-7JRHDg#dJWIm7XvF6VCJez6GhH80g . . So heres some tip.... - Don't get greedy with the sashimi salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yama-sushi-las-vegas?select=3jWsRK-2pIRA9Ze-7JRHDg#3jWsRK-2pIRA9Ze-7JRHDg . Even though its one per person, on order is good for 2/3 people. We made the mistake of ordering 1 per person and that pretty much filled me up 1/3.. . - They really are anal about rice thats not eaten. So be warned! my friend had like 2 balls of rice on his plate and the lady made it a point to tell us that if he doesn't finish it then we will get charged.. . - Call before you come so you can see if theres a wait. When we went around 1, there were no wait but by the time we left there was a line forming. I'm guessing that this place gets packed at night. . . Overall, this is pretty good AYCE Sushi and I will definitely recommend it. Everyone needs  a break from the vegas buffets.
Before a business meeting at a local bar, my best friend and I decided to have a lunch date at a new sushi joint to help nurse our hangovers.  I did a little research on my Yelp app and came across this place.  People seemed to really like the place, so I was curious to check it out as well.  . . I've been to this strip mall many times.  For Albertson's, for the nail salon (eyebrow wax), for Chase bank.  It's a cool area, full of businesses.  It's located on Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy.  Some close businesses that I frequent:  Buffalo Exchange, The Garage, Seafood City, Target, etc.  It's a great neighborhood.  I enter the location and I'm super surprised to find a large venue.  A very small hostess area, but the place has a couple of rooms attached to the big dining area.  We were taken to the room on the right side of the restaurant.  Super cute!  The focal point is the sushi bar.  There's a background montage of flowers, all lit up.  The recess lighting thatshines on the bar and cloth picture panels makes for a very enlightening focus.  I really liked it!  The small two top tables were separated with a little Japanese folding curtain to create a more intimate setting for me and my lunch date. . . As in all sushi joints, I always get the AYCE (All You Can Eat) special.  Since we can after 3pm, we had to pay the dinner price of $23.95.  I also have some very strong feelings and practices when it comes to AYCE.  I always stick to the side dishes, appetizers and nigiri so I can get more for my buck.  Here's what I got, grouped based on my preferences:. . Things I liked:  Yellowtail nigiri (fresh and less of a fish flavor), Miso soup (perfect for monsoon weather), seaweed salad (lovely taste of the ocean), hamachi kama (collar of the fish, grilled, full of marbleized meat and served with a soy dipping sauce), deep fried mussels (tempura battered and soo good!) and as an exception, the Yama Roll (Tempura shrimp roll with eel, shrimp, avocado layered on top.  Sooo flavorful). . Thinks I didn't like:  Gyoza (it was nicely fried, however the filling was not as good as I've tried.  More filling than meat, it seemed), Chicken Teriyaki skewers (tomatoes, onions and white meat chicken.  Not as good as other sushi joints.  The chicken was a bit dry) and the BBQ Ribs (marbleized and flavorful but I prefer more of a grilled rib.  There were not grill marks and it just seemed a bit rubbery). . The great thing is that it all still great.  I would definitely be back for more servings of the Hamachi Kama.  I don't often find myself in this area, but when I do, I at least know there's a great sushi joint!
Great service and the all-you-can-eat menu is diverse and plentiful. Most of the sushi is good quality, but the more unique fish and seafood wasn't as fresh and was served frozen. The scallops that I had were so frozen and flavorless I questioned whether it was  actually scallop.
A couple of friends told me about this spot... I read the Yelp reviews and finally came to try it out. . The reviews were right about the Seafood Salad! It's delish! Lots of fresh sashimi and I opted for the spicy sauce. It was MMMM Good! . I tried the salmon, tuna, yellow tail, sweet shrimp and scallop sushi. All of it was GREAT except for the Scallop sushi - it was SUPER fishy and not good at all. Def don't recommend THAT. Everything else was great though. Also tried a rainbow roll, spicy tuna and the Happy Ending roll. . There are MANY servers floating around always asking you if you want to order anything else so service is pretty much on point there as well. . As I was reading the reviews a lot of them said the tables were all TOO close together, but apparently they have expanded the restaurant. There are two sushi bars, some awkwardly placed tables as well, but for the most part it was all good!
The food is amazing. It's well worth the crappy service. The sushi comes out quickly and is always fresh. I would recommend the Stacie Roll as it's my personal favorite. I've been eating here since it first opened and it remains one of my favorite sushi places in town.
Their seafood salad is really good. Guiltless and  yummy! Can't go wrong with that. I wish they used the extra room more, its so needlessly congested and cramped in there.
Amazing deal for AYCE sushi!  Go for the rolls and your favorite sushi.  I skipped the much recommended sashimi salad, because I felt it would fill me up before the I could sample the rolls and I'm pretty sure I made the right choice (I don't eat as much as I used to).  The sushi tastes pretty fresh, and I they didn't skimp on the fish like they would at buffet places.  The sushi and the rolls are pretty much as you would get at any mid-range sushi restaurant in LA.  But seriously, you're not here about the quality of the food, you're here to stuff yourself silly with sushi, one of the best things in the world to eat.  . . The good thing is you can order half rolls, so you can sample more.  I really liked that they have detailed descriptions on the menu, so you know the difference and what goes into them.  I don't particularly care for the cooked rolls, so if you're a little tepid about raw fish, you should be ok. It's hard to remember the rolls I have, as it seems to all wash together pretty well, but overall the quality was excellent and I would go back.  They have several AYCE sushi places to choose from in Vegas, and so far both places I've gone to exceeded my expectations.  The thing about this place I remember is they have the salmon caviar sushi - ikura- which is worth ordering if you like it.  I don't think the other place I went to in Chinatown had it.  . . Also service was really nice and quick, they had people constantly coming in just pigging out and indulging themselves, I'm sure the waitresses here are exhausted.  I'd recommend eating at the bar, as you can order directly to the chefs so it's a quicker service.
The YACE is a great deal! The food is fresh and always good. The place is usually packed so expect to wait if you come on the weekend or in the evening. Its worth the wait.
The East side of the vegas strip is not known for its Sushi but Yama sushi is absolutely a hidden gem. Amazing All You Can Eat menu and has become one of my top sushi restaurants in all of vegas
LOL....They weren't kidding when they say you must eat all your food. The couple next to me ordered this spicy roll and it was too spicy.  They had 3 pieces left when the waitress stopped by to check on them.  They asked her if they have to eat the last 3 pieces and the waitress immediately said yes. The look on their faces was comical. I admit I can eat spicy food but their spicy rolls are really spicy. Overall the food is good and fresh. The service is fast and efficient.
Service is fast and the food is great. Theonly thing that is different than most Vegas restaurants is the weird way the push people through. It's hard to explain but worth the experience
Always order the half rolls that a way you can try a variety of different rolls without getting too full too fast :) I was bummed they didn't have the yellow tail sashimi when i was there, but that just gives me a reason to come back the next time i come to las vegas.
Went here on a whim with a friend after catching a buzz at a nearby bar. Glad I did, it was packed but still got a table in 15 minutes. Sushi kept coming at me like a pack of zombies and sushi was fresher than Will Smith!
3 words....wet dream roll!!
My favorite spot in vegas. Extremely fresh salmon and tuna, generous portions, AYCE. Price is right
This place was great !! Everything was so tasty..the menu was not as big as some places but still fantastic !! Only thing I thought was kinda aaaa nasty was the sweet shrimp.. The tail was raw and taste pretty good wit the sauce.. Just the fried head taste.. Mmm like it's been in a dirty fish tank lol.. And it was not fried hard enough to eat threw the shell idk.. But other then that lol.. Place is super great !! I'm going back !!
Great Food, best Sushi in Vegas by far. A must try, its always packed and the wait times are crazy sometimes but what do u expect for good food, They finally made it bigger inside to accommodate more customers, The only why I didn't give them a 5 is because the owners are rude, they charge me for my infant as a sitting fee so they charge us extra on a tip but didn't realize it till we got home, other then that its great food.
Yama is the sushi place that made me love AYCE places in Vegas. They used to be smaller but I think they've expanded their space. I actually haven't been here in years, but my friend and I decided to come here for lunch. A couple of things you should get:. . Seafood salad: fish galore! Tired of rice? This is a must! It also has a . . Fried muscles: you can just never go wrong with this.. . All of the special rolls kind of taste the same, don't get me wrong they're still delicious. I enjoyed getting just maybe 2 rolls an trying other stuff on the menu. . . Turn off about the place thought? The waitress and waiters kept switching. A bunch of people would ask us for orders so we never knew who to tell or what to tell them. It's nice that they're attentive, but maybe just a little too much.
I don't like sushi enough to get the all you can eat, but a friend of mine is a sushi fiend and loved it. I got the bento box and it was very good. The vanilla mochi wasn't bad either!
but is good and the Abacord looks like any other fish tha sea food i have to said yes is the yama signature plate is excelent tuna salmon littel yello tail n littel of Red Snapper top with warm krisppy srimp tempura in a spice derssing,nobody in town serve that sea food salad only Yama, if you dont eat in Yama yet you missing a nice ayce sushi you need to try it /8
Yama Sushi is one of the best sushi places in Las Vegas! The location is close to my apartments which is very convenient and the food is amazing!  If you are in the market for an all you can eat location then this is the spot!  Sea Food Salad is an amazing dish, I prefer the spicier version! the rolls are great. definitely worth checking out! plus the new remodel allows for more patrons then ever before! 4 stars! check it out!
Yama sushi is the best all you eat sushi in Las Vegas period. However I think that the rest of Las Vegas also agrees with me the wait is long. However I love this place and the wait is no problem for me.
Yama Sushi is the reason I am now a sushi junkie! Love it!
Wow ate here couple day ago! From LA so like sushi and picky! This place was fan-tas-tic! Price was right and fish was good! I've eaten all you can eat sushi in Cali and this was comparable if not better! Plan on goin again this week!
If you are in the Las Vegas area. I'd recommend this place, but its expensive. The sushi quality raw or cooked is really nice. I was with my parents and we ordered mostly raw sushi but as far as Separate orders from all of us I ordered 3 plates of yellowtail, my dad ordered tuna roll and a unagi roll (sorry for my spelling typo) for my mom. I wish we could've ordered more, but we didn't want to spend over our limit, yet I was only one who could eat more sushi. Great Restaurant, But there's another reason why also other than it being expensive It seems like the wait staff don't know who is taking orders for certain table. I mean I can agree yeah I'm happy Grab our attention By being prompt and attentive, But have more communication on who took The Order.
