Great experience at this hotel.  The hotel is very tastefully decorated throughout from the rooms to the lobby.  It's very stylish with clean modern lines. I feel as though Trump just put his name on this hotel but had no real input...because there is nothing gawdy or tacky about it.  The rooms are very spacious and the bathroom is fantastic.  Large shower and huge tub. Loved the TV in the mirror feature.  The one detail that caught my attention right away was the wonderful aromas as you enter the lobby.  The soap and shampoo in your room is the same scent.  It's so lovely.  There is a shuttle that will take you to and from the Wynn and Caesars Palace that is really helpful.  Of course there is no casino but I honestly didn't miss it.  It's not on the strip but you're so close to the strip that it never posed a problem for us.  Also, everyone from the front desk to the valet were incredibly polite and nice and helpful.  I will definitely stay here again.
Summary: Trump in Vegas has its plusses and minuses.  Above average value overall for Vegas, but has a few issues preventing it from being a recommendable Vegas hotel.. . Update: I've been to more hotels in Vegas since this was written.  It doesn't deserve a 4, but it's closer to that than a 3.  3.5. . . Pluses:.   * Staff very good and friendly;.   * I had the base room, and it's big.  All tile bathroom with a bathtub/hottub combo...nice!  Room, bed, sheets look and feel clean;.   * Gym included in the "resort fee";.   * internet access (wired and wireless) included in the "resort fee";.   * Reasonable price per night by Vegas standards;. . Plus or minus, depending on the person:.   * non-smoking hotel;.   * No casino in the hotel;.   * valet parking only;. . Minuses:.   * A little off the strip (some might not view that as a minus).  About a 10-15 minute walk outside the Trump before you get to the Strip;.   * Next to numerous lower-end strip-clubs (some might not view that as a minus, either :) ); .   * My T-Mobile service was very poor in my room.  I've never run into that as an issue in any other Vegas hotel;.   * I was stunned to find out that room service would not charge my room for room service!  I ordered a meal and had to use my credit card instead of charging my room.  Not a biggie, but I've never run into that before, either;.   * subjective, but the lobby gives a "tasteful by 1970s standards" vibe.  A little too much gold, ever-so slightly tacky.  Plain yet tries a bit too hard to look expensive (I know, sounds contradictory.  You'd have to see it).  This is just the lobby, though; the room itself is fine;.   * mattress is...OK.  Not bad but I've been on better.  Sheets could use more fabric softener;   . . . The place is fine, but for my money (or my employers) I've been in nicer in better locations on the Strip for less money, if you look around (FWIW, Planet Hollywood Westgate is usually a little cheaper and the rooms and hotel are a little better).. . However, if you want an entirely smoke-free hotel (the casino-hotels don't do that for obvious reasons) and/or want to be away from the casinos, this is your place.
I found the Trump Hotel in Vegas rather unusual but in a good way. Its the only large Hotel without a Casino and completely smoke free. Service was impeccable and I was there during CES 2011 which is a complete mad house for Vegas. I didn't venture to the pool bar area but will next time I stay there.
I stayed at Trump last Thanksgiving weekend and it was nice.  I usually try to stay at a hotel with a kitchen so that we can cook up something late at night when all the restaurants are closed.  I usually stay at the Signature MGM but a friend of mine recommended I try the Trump.  I have to admit, it was a nice suite with an excellent view of the strip.  I also liked the little TV they had inside of the bathroom mirror.. The downfall was that the walk to the strip or casino was just too far of a walk from the hotel.  In warm weather, I guess it wouldn't be an issue but it was raining and freezing cold.  Even thought Wynn was just down the street, you know Las Vegas had long blocks and we suffered.  . Hotel was 5 star but location was 3 at best.  I'm going to try Vdera next time I go.
I love this hotel because the place is spacious and it gives an elegant vibe. The smell isnt like any typical hotel with smoke and old people gambling. This place is bright and luxurious and clean. The store had incredible Trump clothing and expensive wines. I liked how it was simple and not to confusing to pass through.
The Trump is a great alternative to staying in a Las Vegas casino. It is a non-smoking hotel; no gambling what-so-ever! Originally built to be condos, each room has a full cooking area complete with dishes. The bathroom has a flat panel tv built into the mirror (!) and a jacuzzi bathtub. The bed was heavenly comfortable. Their gym has quality equipment. The city view isn't great. It is slightly off the strip, behind Fashion Show Mall.  . . The only reason it is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is because they have mandatory valet parking. I prefer self parking and that wasn't an option.
The rooms were nice with an empty fridge (SubZero!) to put whatever you want in with no overpriced mini bar, a Wolf two burner range, free wifi  & coffee maker with good coffee to boot all included in the price. This is a non-casino and no smoking establishment and I love them for that. It was a quick walk down to the strip. The bar is small but great service.
Almost all hotels in Vegas are the same - dim, loud, smoky, casino floors with people yelling, but the Trump Hotel is quite different. The minute I stepped into the Trump Hotel, I was quite shocked. It's elegant and classy. There's no casino and it's bright with lots of glass and gold. It had a clean scent - no trace of cigarette smoke - and a friendly environment.. . This hotel is definitely a place for people who want to come to vegas and enjoy a weekend, but don't want to be suffocated with the bad air and company. It's so classy, it makes me forget that I'm even in vegas. . . The rooms are nice and spacious. Each room is equipped with a kitchenette with a fridge/freezer, stove, microwave, sink and dish washer, as well as dishes and glassware for your convenience. For an additional $50 a night, my party was upgraded to a bigger suite in which the bedroom was separated from the living room and there were 2 full (shower, sink, toilet) bathrooms (a master bath and one in the living room area). . . The perks? Free bottles of water in the lobby - just ask! And a shuttle that runs to Caesar's Palace every half hr and one to Wynn continuously until midnight. . . The downsides:. - valet parking only (it's free for guests, but you have to tip and it takes awhile to get your car). - not much around - there's the restaurant and bar by the lobby, and a little giftshop, but there isn't really much else. You can walk across the street to the Fashion Mall though. . . Overall, a nice place to stay, but not the party hotel for college kids. . This is, however, a great place for a more quiet vegas weekend for a couple looking for a romantic getaway or a family with kids.
5 stars for the room and facilities. 1 star for the valet service. Price is moderate for Vegas standards. . The Trump is what Bellagio tried to be, but couldn't.  See, the Bellagio is there to make itself look good.  Trump is there to make you feel good.. . We got a deal on Trump over Priceline, for a Saturday night during NASCAR weekend, about an hour before we took off from Camarillo Airport for McCarran Int'l.  For $169,  I wasn't expecting much.  BTW, If you're a fly-in pilot, don't be intimidated by McCarran.  Its controllers are very helpful and Signature Air Support was as nice to me in my Cherokee, as they were to the Citation pilots.. . Approaching the hotel from the "back", we drove to the Valet area.  We didn't see any self-parking and it turns out there isn't any.  We left our car with the friendly valet. . . One of the first things we noticed on entering the lobby, was openness and no signs.   And it was quiet.  No DING-DING-DING CLANG-CLANG-CLANG.  No slots, and no smoke.  I almost forgot I was in Vegas.... except for thewomen in sequined mini-dresses and men in blond wigs wearing pink skirts.  There was something that resembled a check-in desk, so we headed for that.  The pleasant agent gave us our choice of rooms from what was available, asked if we'd like to upgrade, and if we needed any other assistance.  Wow, that was way different from most indifferent receptions at the casino hotels.. . There are two elevator banks, one for the bottom half of the tower, the other for the top half.  The elevators were fast and clean, transporting us to our floor with ear-popping speed.. . When we approached our room, we were a bit confused.  One door for two rooms... Oh!  No wonder the room was so cheap.  We're sharing it!  Just kidding.  We opened the door to find a marble vestibule and two doors behind it.  We inserted our card key into our door and it clicked without having to swipe it a zillion times.. . We entered the room and... wow.  Big, light, bright, modern, quiet and tasteful.  An empty (yay!) Sub Zero refrigerator was under the granite counter. Above was a cook-top, prep-sink, microwave, coffee maker, and toaster.   . . The bathroom had two obscured glass enclosures -- one for the walk-in shower, the other for the toilet.  At  the lower center of the bathroom mirror an un-silvered square housed a TV behind it.  On the counter sat a remote.  Unfortunately we couldn't get the TV's sound to work.  Oh well.  We weren't there to watch TV.  To the right of the counter was a jetted tub, large enough for two.  With the exception of the mirror TV, everything worked.. . We immediately hooked up with the WiFi.  For guests it is free.  We got a full signal and fast response.. . Initially, we were in the room just long enough to change and go back out to dinner, which we needed to drive to.   We correctly identified the valet desk (no sign), handed them our ticket and waited about 20 minutes for our car.  By that time we were a little grumpy but shrugged it off.. . After dinner we dropped off our car and went on up to our room to relax.  The bed was comfortable -- my only complaint is the flat sheets both top and bottom.  They tuck-in the top sheet under the bottom sheet so when you pull the top sheet out to get in, it pulls the bottom sheet out from under the mattress.  I had to make the bed again which is a little tough since the mattress is down in a platform.  A small frustration -- I wish they'd use fitted sheets or an elastic fastener.. . The next morning we went downstairs for breakfast at DJT Restaurant.  The buffet was $20 and was pretty OK.  The coffee (Starbucks on tap) was good, and the bacon was lean and well smoked.  There was a chef making omelettes; they looked and smelled good.  I had lox and bagels. . After breakfast we decided to check out the pool / spa.  The pool was OK; decent size, nothing fancy.  The weight-room was well appointed.  We asked for a menu of spa services.  OMG. An hour massage starts at $150.  No thanks.. . We checked-out over the TV in our room and left without a hitch.... except for getting our car.  This time, we waited for 40 minutes.  When we saw another couple come out, give their ticket at the stand, then receive their car 10 minutes later, we asked what the F was going on.  Whoops, maybe your request didn't get in our system.  Are you kidding me?  About 10 minutes later, our car appeared.  Grrr!. . Even with the valet annoyance, we'll be back... but we'll self-park at the Nordstrom's parking structure across the street.
I had a fantastic time at the Trump Hotel with my Girlfriend Lily. We started by having breakfast with my family, going to F21 (the largest one ever), throwing on our new dresses, buying nail polish at the spa, hanging out by the pool, then making lasagna in my room.. . I enjoyed staying at the Trump. The room is beautiful and located across from the giant Fashion Show Mall, all valet hotel, the service was a little slow. I think they were a bit understaffed, with that said, the staff was always friendly. We had an issue with the movie channels and engineering came up and fixed it right away. Housekeeping was also on hand with I was cooking the lasagnas. We did have to call them three times to come up, again, I think that is a staffing issue.. . Tip: Since this is an all valet hotel call valet prior to going downstairs so that they can bring your car up. Also, strip facing views are amazing... we stayed in Penthouse 6000. It is not a casino so keep that in mind if you plan on booking and I didn't think the restaurant there was that great either. So, I guess what I am saying is I loved the view, the location, and the gorgeous room with full kitchen for my lasagna making...pictures on my blog
Stayed here one night and loved the view, hospatility and the convenience to the Wynn and Encore as well as the shopping mall across the street. The hotel has a lot of amenities to offer but beware, you will be charged 19.95 for it, so use it....Great view of the strip depending where you are in the hotel. The Trump sits alone but they do have a shuttle that takes you to the Wynn and Encore which you can then catch the public bus transportation all over the strip or the metro rail...All in all, great stay!
Loved, loved that this is a non-smoking hotel!  It smelled so clean and decorated nicely!The staff was very helpful. Rooms were clean with a kitchen stocked with pans, silverware, etc. There is a big lap pool and a hot tubs. Great location=walk right across to the mall! :). Would of gotten 5 stars, but there is only 1 restaurant.
I ended up booking here after reading the positive reviews here on Yelp. I was very happy that I did my research as well as with my stay here. My upgraded strip view room was clean and neat. . . Pros. - Professional, polite, friendly staff. - Clean, spacious room. Plenty of room to spread out.. - Shuttle service to Wynn and Ceasars Palace. - Pool and hot tubs were not crowed, no deep end however. - The reception desk isn't on a smoky casino floor. . Cons. - The on-site restaurant was a bit pricey, breakfast was about $50 for 2 . - Other than the Fashion Mall, everything is a little bit of a walk. - That damn train that goes by at 5am!. . I would stay here again in a heartbeat!
If you do not want a casino or acts in your hotel, then I highly recommend Trump.  He may be a jackass in politics, but he can build a swank hotel.  This palce was originally supposed to be condos, but they did not sell.  Now they are pimped out hotel rooms with some added amenities.  Every room has a big bath tub, glass showers, a phone next to the toilet, tv in the mirror of the bathroom, big flatscreen tv in room, and kitchenette.  Not bad for a cheap Vegas price.  Easy walk to the Fashion Mall and Wynn.
Positively the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It was very accommodating and spacious. I really loved everything about the room. I nearly gasmed when I saw it.. . The only downside is, let the hotel know when you check in, that you only want to run one deposit of $100. Otherwise you'll find out the hard way like I did, that the hotel charges a deposit fee for each day you stay there. That's $100 a day. That was the only thing about the hotel that pissed me off. Especially being on vacation and finding out you now have no money to spend... in Vegas... Maybe that's how Donald Trump is planning on fixing that deficit if people actually vote for him next election. We'll just bill the bastards to death.
This place is so clean! If you have kids and just want to take it easy in Vegas, not only this hotel feel luxurious they play disney music at the pool! It's nice every now and then to be in vegas without walking through a cloud of smoke or the noisiness of slot machines. But, that's why most of us go to vegas...the consume second hand smoke, and the ding ding ding sound of slot machine makes us feel alive!!!! Trump IS for chillin' and slowin' down in this crazy sinful city!
It's great there's no casino to trek through with all your luggage & there aren't a bunch of drunk weirdos hanging around. The rooms are large have a nice little kitchen & great jet bath tub with TV in bathroom mirror. The rooms are quiet on the top floors away from the outdoor pool where you can hear music from. The maids were very loud & yelled up & down the hall even though there is a vestibule between the rooms & hallway they prop the doors open with their carts & are not considerate of guests sleeping. Unfortunately this is typical in hotels. There's a train that runs by the hotel all night every couple hours blowing it's horn! I downloaded a white noise app on my iPod the second night & slept much better! The beds are comfortable & the complimentary water & coffee were great. The valet parking is free but tips are strongly suggested & expected which adds up quick!! You aren't allowed to park yourself & it'd be great if you could in the parking structure. Call ahead to have them bring your car.
Wifi is included in the resort fee! Too bad I didn't know that beforehand, or I would have brought my netbook.. . Place feels very elegant and classy. Lobby is very spacious.. . It's pretty quiet, which is nice. It's different. I don't even gamble, but I guess I just expect to walk into a vegas hotel and see a casino. Just adds to the Sin City atmosphere :) Depends on one's mood, I guess.. . Valet service is convenient. The bellboy took a little while to appear after we requested help with our bags, but he was very friendly.
My first time staying in just a hotel in Vegas, not a hotel/casino. It was really quite nice and different, no loud groups coming in and out and non-smoking. I thought we'd have the city view suite, but I think we were facing the other side and man, that train passing through. Definitely a downside to this location. Bathroom is HUGE, and score for having a TV and a combination washer/dryer as well. Added plus to not charging for bottled water which they restocked every day. . . We decided to eat in their restaurant on the last day before we left. Server said it would be 15 minutes to seat us, because they were full. When we got seated, it was weird, there was only one other group there. Hmm...food took forever to come out, and it's not like we ordered anything fancy, club sandwiches and salads. An extra tip, if you guys will be using carts to take away the dirty dishes, please invest in some carts that don't squeak. The clanking of the dishes combined with the squeaky wheels make for such loud and unnecessary noise. . . It is a little far from the main strip, so cab rides are a bit more expensive. Oh and another very important thing, horrible cell phone service. I could barely get one bar of service.
Beautiful decor, gracious staff, well appointed rooms.  Super comfy beds and love the tv in the bathroom mirror.  Spent a great couple of days by the pool, low key relaxation.
I get thrown in here quite a bit. Always a good time. If it's not a suite the normal rooms seem to be nice and spacious. Awesome bathtubs. Found myself sleepin in it the last time!
Hotel is very clean and the rooms are spacious. Nobody warned us about the noise from the early morning train.
We booked this hotel on hotwire for a good price, although we were expecting to get something closer to the strip with a casino.  Everything turned out great though and it was actually really nice to not have to walk 5 minutes just to get to the hotel elevator and constantly inhale second hand smoke.  The location's not too far off the strip and the hotel offers courtesy shuttles to/from the wynn (until 2 am) and ceasars palace forum shops.  The hotel staff wereall friendly, courteous, and helpful.  . . The room was spacious and came with a mini kitchen which included an electric stove, microwave, and kitchenware.  The bed was a little too soft for my taste, but we hadn't made any special requests before.  I liked the design of the restroom because it had a separate toilet area, shower and jacuzzi bathtub.  Our blowdryer and tv didn't work, but the staff quickly replaced the blowdryer when we called for another one (we didn't bother to mention the tv because who watches tv in Vegas).  Definitely would consider staying here again!
Cheap rooms, super clean, and a quiet spot to go back to just off the strip. Other benefits include being just across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. complementary shuttle service too and from several of the casinos on the strip, efficient valet considering there is no self-parking service, and the staff are all polite.. . The decor is mostly clean, and dare I say spartan, and doesn't bombard you with ornamental tack left, right and center. That doesn't necessarily mean it succeeds in this classy modern look the Donald like to portray himself, or rather likes to think he portrays himself with, but it does show he must have taken great care as far as the image of the hotel goes.. . That being said, the rooms we got were mondo spacious, and the bathrooms were radical. The deep hot-tub bath works wonders as far as taking away the soreness of spending a long day walking in the blistering heat.
Very chic Trump! I can see why he's got the $$$$$$$$. . I honestly liked this hotel for being a non-casino (hence no smoking) hotel. I know people come to Vegas to gamble, but nope - I don't. . . The room comes with a kitchen with refrigerator, dishes & everything! A huge bathroom (shower/tub) and the pool is HUGE. It didn't feel as dirty as the over-crowded pool we had gone to at the other hotel.. . It is located across the Fashion Show Mall. Perfect location for some shopping!!!. . I can only guess that this is what it's like to live like Trump, even if it was for one night.
I stayed there with 2 other girls 2 weeks ago and it was fabulous!  It was a very last minute booking but without trouble.  I really liked it being a non-smoking hotel but not boring!  No cigarette smell in the room=in my suitcase!  . . Upon arrival, friendly valet boy came rush to us to take our car.  There's no self-parking, only valet (5-star from the start).  Lobby was nice and gilding everywhere (in a classy way) = luxury.  We got a room on the 55th floor = vip (I honestly feltimportant).  It was crazy HIGH but the elevator ride was about or under 35 seconds!  The room was very nice.  Bathroom had a insert tv to the mirror.  It was great for music because the sound system was nice and could be heard throughout the room.  Big double sink, we each girl didn't have to fight for the countertop space!  Plenty of storage also, open shelves and 2 closets.  The bed was clean and seriously comfy.  It was a shame that I only got to sleep in it for 3 hours (It's vegas afterall, nobody should sleep more than 5 hours a day.)  But the best thing to me was the 4o'clock late check out!  It was very thoughtful of the hotel.  I didn't have to get up early to pack and get ready.  . . The only downside to me was the extra door for very 2 rooms which means you need to open 2 doors to get into your room.  While it is a good idea to block out all the noise from the hallway, however if your neighbor (next room) is hyper/drunk or has the need to get in and out 10 times a day.  The automatic shutting door (a.k.a. slamming) is really annoying.  Mr. Trump should have spent extra money to get a silencer for every door.  That would have been 5-star all the way!
So from arriving to the hotel to leaving I had the best service and experience. I was upgraded to a one bedroom suite when I arrived because they were full... NICE!...and I like that when you pay the resort fee you get free bottles of water, shuttle service, wi-fi, and use of the spa to exercise. Usually you have to pay for all of these separately plus the resort fee, but not here. Hey, if they are going to charge you for it, might as well see what your paying for. The rooms still looked like they opened yesterday, very clean. Bathroom was huge and both bathrooms had showers, very nice. If my kids were with me, this would have saved a lot of time and arguments. The only bad thing I can comment on is that the hot water wasn't very hot, in fact one morning it was only luke warm. Not what you would expect from a big hotel. Be advised this hotel has no Casino and is non-smoking, which I didn't care about because I don't smoke and didn't miss the casino with the Wynn right down the street. In fact the shuttle will take you right to it's front door or to the Caesars Palace Forum Shops. Makes getting around to the strip easier because the Trump Towers are not on the strip, they are about two blocks west of the main strip and next to the Fashion Mall. Taxi to the airport will cost you $17.00, one to Monte Carlo or Aria will cost you about $10. Hope this helps and I would definitely recommend staying here...
Honestly, the hotel is GORGEOUS. And I was extraordinarily surprised at the basic studio room. It's probably the only hotel I've ever stayed at where the online pictures actually reflect reality.. The staff is extremely friendly, and DJT is devine (especially the $20 breakfast buffet -- AMAZING!).. Very close to the Strip and has free shuttles to Caesar's Forum Shoppes and the Wynn (very convenient!). It is a GREAT hotel to stay at if you want to spend less and get more. I am not the type to attend huge pool parties and I hate walking through casinos, though I do love the Vegas nightlife (and this hotel is perfect if you're like me).. One sidenote: use caution when it comes to upgrades and fees. Vegas is notorious for resort fees, and this hotel is no different. If you want to upgrade your room (say from a city view to a strip view), beware about additional fees. The staff might tell you one thing, but your card may be charged extra. Just make sure you understand ALL of the expenditure up front before you try booking through the hotel directly.
Check in was quick and easy, some casino/hotels the wait can be horrendous. It's a no-smoking facility so the brief wait to check in was fine. Curbside service, through check in was great. The bellman who brought my luggage, however, was not appreciative of my tip. Getting the car in/out of valet was smooth and easy.. . The room was well appointed, but not quite as well designed as The Signature, which is my benchmark for the Vegas Strip. . . The bathroom is huge and beautiful, but the glassed in "water closet" seems a bit hazardous if one uses it in the middle of the night. . . A shuttle to Cesars and Encore make it convenient, even if it's off the strip a block.. . I would stay here again.
We stayed at The Trump in August 2011.  I don't even know where to begin with how much we loved this hotel!  We chose Trump because we have children and didn't want to be in a casino hotel.  This was far enough from the strip, but not too far.  It turned out to be the perfect location for us.. . Everyone at Trump was extremely friendly and accomodating.  From the moment we pulled up, until it was time for check-out we were greeted with professional, smiling staff.  The room was clean and comfortable.. . We had birthday cookies and a pitcher of cold milk sent to our room for our daughter and they were big, warm, and DELICIOUS!. . The bed was so comfortable I layed down and was instantly asleep.  I think that's the first time I've slept without tossing and turning in years!. While the main bed was fantastic, the pull-out sofa bed was horrible.  That thing was super uncomfortable, even for the kids!  That's the only improvement they could make to the room and if you aren't using the sofa bed, you're going to love it there!
The facility is great.  We notified the front desk that it was my birthday and they upgraded our room for free.  A BEAUTIFUL suite!  2 bathrooms, a full kitchen, a huge living room, and a spacious bedroom. The master bathroom was HUGE!  A TV inside the mirror, there was a stand in shower big enough to hold 4 people, a jacuzzi big enough for multiple people and a toilet with a closing door.. . The only reason I won't give it a 5 star rating is because there is no self parking.  It's strictly valet, and it's annoying to shell out money tipping the attendants every time you need your car.. . But considering the upgrade for free, I can't complain considering that we booked it through Hotwire.com and got a great price.. . If you like tranquillity, this is your place.  It's off the strip, so there isn't much foot traffic. There's no casino attached, so you don't have to get plumes of cigarette smoke hitting you as you're walking through the lobby.. . Easily my all-time favorite place to stay in Vegas!
We have stayed here twice; like it for location near Fashion Square and shuttle to Caesar's and Wynn. Gym is great; pool is clean. The studios are spacious with plenty of storage space. Includes a galley kitchen if you so desire to bring in your own food. Happy hour deals at the bar are a great deal; decent wines and beer for great price. Staff is friendly and accommodating. One complaint - our room was not cleaned the last day we were there, even when we called while heading out for the evening. No service recovery, except an apology e-mail. Hmmm - disappointing for a Trump property. Ask for the strip view room - much better view. Overall - great place to stay if you like non-smoking and don't mind no casino! Great deal for business trip!!
Las Vegas is my least favorite destination, however, this hotel offers NO SMOKING and NO CASINO which sold me.  Very classy, very friendly staff,large beautiful rooms, My only complaint is the obnoxious resort fees that most hotels charge these days.  Wanted to go sit in the steam room, they informed me it would cost $12, even though they charge $25 per day resort fees , no thanks... thought the " fees" cover that.
I did my research and wanted to stay at a Hotel that had no casino, no smoking, a gym, pool, spa, and really comfy beds. . . The Trump International Hotel had all this and more.Room service was good, not great, but good enough. Breakfast was always quick and service was really good. . . The rooms were kept clean and the little kitchen area gave you the option to prepare your own food, if you wished. . . The bathrooms are one of the best parts. We had two in our room. The master being an awesome room that included a huge jacuzzi tub, a separate giant glass enclosed shower, his and her sinks, as well as a commode with a privacy door. The giant mirror that stretches across the bathroom sinks wall had a TV in the middle of it. Everything worked out great. Towels towels and more towels for every part of your body. The robes were also a really nice touch. . . We had 2 separate his and hers closets in our room, and also a dresser and two night tables. Not to mention the bed was so comfy, it made it hard to ever want to get up. I don't know how many geese were used to make this bed set they had, but it was worth every feather. I could have slept for days in that thing. Made me change the way I looked at my bed in my apartment when I returned home. . . The pool deck had a indoor bar and table area. They had big screen TVs with the games on during lunch. Check for pool times during the day, I know they are closed sometimes for cleaning. . . . This Hotel is great, it's located right across from a mall, where you can shop or grab food. It's literally right around the corner from the strip. They have shuttles that go to the Wynn. We loved the local spots around us and would have this on the top of our list for next time we return.
We stayed here for two nights (Fri and Sat) in mid-August.  The room we stayed in was the City View Studio on the 19th floor.  I priceline-bid the rooms for $150 each and requested them to be adjacent to each other - the customer service rep was very helpful in ensuring that our two rooms were next to each other.  Our group was a younger crowd, and since the only clubs we were thinking about going to were in the Encore, the location of the Trump worked out to our advantage.  The walking distance to the Wynn/Encore was not bad at all (about 3 blocks) and there was also a shuttle that conveniently took you to the Wynn and other hotels along the Strip. . . The service throughout the weekend was great for the most part, with a couple mishaps.  After our first night I requested that we have the rooms cleaned (because we had the do not disturb sign on throughout the morning) but when we got back from browsing the strip that evening nothing had been cleaned.  On top of that, we ordered some pizza one night and never actually received it (good thing I ordered to pay with cash!).  This was mainly because 1) the Trump does not allow delivery people into the hotel and 2) there was such bad cell phone reception inside/throughout the hotel that the delivery guy was never able to reach me.  As a result we had to head over to Peppermill towards the north Strip to eat late night diner food.. . Another thing that sucked was the valet parking, which was "complimentary" and required.  Nevertheless, the wait was on average 20-25 minutes, which was pretty horrible sometimes in the hot weather and only semi-shaded seating areas they got there.  One last downside was the fact that there was no casino in the hotel.  This is more an issue of preference, but since a good amount of people from our group wanted to gamble the distance plus the long wait for valet made it somewhat difficult to get to casinos in a timely manner.  . . Overall, the Trump was definitely worth it for the price - the studio rooms are nicely furnished with a kitchenette, a fold-out queen sofabed and a very comfortable king size bed.  The bathroom had spacious shower and sink areas with small plasma TVs in the mirrors - a nice touch to the rest of the studio.  The attendants are all very friendly and helpful as well.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to families and couples that are looking to stay at a clean, relaxing place close to the Strip, but less so to larger groups or anyone that wants to enjoy more of what the Strip has to offer.
We just had a very nice stay at Trump, thanks to Priceline.  I confess we got this hotel due to an error in bidding on my part.  I accidentally added in the North Condo zone, and had an absolute hissy fit when I realized what I had done.   That being said there are some real pluses to staying here, and the price for a 5-star was pretty darn good, especially since it included a Saturday night. . .    Plus 1:  Much easier for a cab driver to get there and drop you off than a strip hotel.  We arrived on a very busy Saturday and the cab line looked like a popular Disney World ride queue.  Traffic was busy, yet we arrived quickly..    Plus 2:  Fast fast fast check-in.  NO wait at a prime afternoon check-in time. Friendly too, with no snooty attitude that one can sometimes encounter when checking in prepaid via Priceline..    Plus 3:  EASY, SHORT walk to your room.  A rarity in Vegas.  Save the miles for strip-walking.  (we sure did plenty of that, so being able to quickly get to our room when we got back each day was nice!).    Plus 4:  Rooms are two per suite area, so you have the added security of an extra door..   Plus  5:  JACUZZI.  Not just a boring big tub.  (let bubble bath search commence...but remember to only use a TEENY bit). .   Plus 6:   Fridge (and other kitchen things that would only be a plus imho if we were staying longer than 3 nights).  .   Plus7:  Buttons by door that you can use to indicate privacy or housekeeping.  Very classy and worked like a charm..   Plus 8:  Room service.  Top-notch.  Friendly.  Quick.  And surprisingly less expensive than I've seen in hotels in Vegas and other cities. We ordered a burger one night and it was good, with waffle fries, came with cute little bottles of mustard, ketchup and a teeny tiny Tabasco!  We had them bring up a corkscrew also, which we were surprised wasn't already in the room. .   Plus 9:  Courtesy Shuttle.  We NEVER had to wait more than 2 minutes for it.  Drivers were very friendly.  Took us to either the Encore or a very convenient location at the Forum Shoppes.  (underground, with an escalator that comes out right in front of Spago). Never ever had such quick, friendly shuttle service at a hotel anywhere before!.   Plus 10:  Location isn't bad anyway.  Cross the street (be careful) and you are in the Fashion Mall  and on your way to wherever you want to go.  Note that there is an ABC store in the mall that has wine, munchies, sparkling water...pretty much anything you might need. Also note that when you come out of the mall on Las Vegas Blvd, that is where the Tix 4 Tonite booth is so you can see if you want any discount tix or meal discounts.  We bought Absinthe tix there, saved money on it, and the show was very entertaining!.    Plus 11:  Housekeeping...excellent!  Bless their hearts (see minuses 2-10 below).   .   Minus 1:  No robes in room.  (easily rectified by a call to the front desk, also had extra towels brought up in anticipation of jacuzzi usage)..   Minus 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10:  The TOILET.  We HATED this toilet.  You can't tell me that Donald Trump or anyone in his family have ever used this toilet or one like it.  Heck our old ones here at home are considerably better.  It was the WORST toilet we have EVER had to deal with.  Now even though it was supposed to be Trump opulence, we didn't expect a golden throne or anything, but this porcelain puny had a plastic lid (no big deal, but unexpected in a 5-star).... the PROBLEM was that it would barely flush.  I realize the idea is to save energy, water, etc., but how much of a savings is it when you have to flush 3 times (waiting in between each time for the tank to fill up)?  Not only was the suckage power non-existent, but there was no water that would go around the basin, making flushing fairly useless, beyond frustrating and flat-out embarrassing at times.  God help Housekeeping here!  (Hope everyone believes in tipping Housekeeping like we do). .   Minus 11:  The view. If you get "city view" like we did, it means a view of the Erotic Heritage Museum (which doesn't seem to get any traffic), and other such lovely landmarks.  Not a biggie to us as we didn't spend much time in the room, but if it's important to you ask for a different view.  .   Minus 12:  The train.  I'm only putting this as a minus because I know it would bother a lot of folks.  To us having spent a year and a half dealing with downtown DC noises, it was no big deal.  But yes it would wake us up several times each night.. .    Overall impressions...this hotel feels more like 4 stars than 5. Whereas service was definitely 5-star in all regards (front desk, housekeeping, shuttle drivers, room service, security guard in lobby)... furniture, bedding, etc. was more 4-star than 5.  Toilet alone makes it impossible to rate it a 5.  It feels like a 4-star hotel that could be in any city anywhere.  There's nothing that cries out VEGAS RESORT.  And THAT is a plus or minus depending on how you look at it.
Nice roomy bathrooms, good for families, absolutely no AT&T service here but I didn't mind. It gets old quickly constantly being asked for your trump card to get to your room. Nice place. Will stay he again. Service of th people here is great.
Just spent the weekend at The Trump, and yes The Don's signature is all over it. From the bright gold windows that cast a glow over the neighboring mall to the upper management with thick New York accents. At the moment the doormen (another East Coast thing) open the doors for you, you are hit with a distinct, but pleasant aroma that soon becomes familiar. Although some Vegas hotels have enormous check-in lines, we were assisted immediately by extremely friendly staff members. . . I booked the room at a very friendly 119 dollar/night rate on Expedia and was hoping I could get a free upgrade to a Strip view room, but was politely informed that that kind of upgrade on a busy weekend would run 25 extra bucks per night. I'm sure if I slipped her 20 bucks I might have gotten some results, but I tend to feel entitled to things like that. Despite the mandatory resort fee of 19.95 per night, I went for it anyways and was glad I did. Our view from the 48th floor was intoxicating. . . The standard studio is large and well furnished. The rooms include a kitchenette, with a fridge, microwave, stovetop, and sink. A small amount of dishes and utensils are also supplied. There is space enough for a small living room  and full size desk beside the king bed and flat screen. The bathroom is also large, highlighted by a gigantic jacuzzi tub and a tv in the mirror. . . I've heard some people complain about the mandatory resort fee. The 20 bucks goes toward free bottled water in the room, internet access, pool and gym, and free shuttles to either the Wynn or The Forum Shops at Caesar's. I'm sure it includes more, but worth it for 20 bucks. . . If I can lock a decent price again I will definitely be back. I Look forward to trying the restaurant and the pool. Who cares if it doesn't have a casino.
Great suite. Great service. Loved the Valet crew. Across from Fashion show shopping mall. Fresh flowers everywhere and the hotel smells great at every turn.. Great for kids because no casino, no smoking and low occupancy rate.. . What's up with the single 24-in TV at the bar? What are you thinking Donald?
Clean, good service and best of all it's a non smoking hotel!!! It's doesn't have a casino which is not bad bc there is one across the rd. Rooms are huge and bathrooms are nice! Would def go back
To echo the positive feedback from others: The absence of a casino was refreshing - no noise or smoke; the bed was SPECTACULAR; the tub was huge; and the kitchen was a nice convenience. Also, the costumer service was exceptional. There was no wait when I checked in. The front desk person pointed out the extra costs we should expect on our bill, the amenities, and even walked us to the elevator.. . Echoing the negatives: Trump Tower is a fifteen-minute walk away from the strip. It was annoying at night, but during the day when the Fashion show mall was open it wasn't that bad (Monday - Saturday from 9am - 10pm and Sunday from 11am to 7pm). The Nordstrom's entrance is directly across from the hotel's lobby, providing a decent short cut.. . Continuing on negatives, I'm surprised I didn't read more about the following:. . The Internet connection was hit or miss - sometimes it worked, but more often it didn't, especially on my phone.. . Cell phone reception was poor. This isn't necessarily the hotel's fault, but if you have AT&T and want to depend on your phone you may want to seek other accommodations.. . The 'extra' bathroom door was weird. Once inside the bathroom, there was a second, frosted-glass enclosure for the toilet. It was confusing - Is it for people who are comfortable sharing the bathroom and hearing but not quite seeing everything? The glass door would loudly slam shut too if you didn't pay attention to it. . . Finally, the TV was small, less than 30 inches. A minor issue, I suppose, but is this expected from a five star hotel?. . These negatives, especially the poor Internet access, led to my three star review. Since there are so many high-quality hotel options on the strip, I'll seek another during my next Vegas trip.. . EDIT: When I checked out, I mentioned the internet issues and the staff comped the $20 a day charge. Smooth move. Maybe I'm fickle, but surprise savings are my weakness. I've upped my three stars to four.
This place is gorgeous! It's got a clean, classic, yet modern look. The room was clean when we got there. They accommodated us even thought we got to the hotel before the indicated arrival time. The staff was also friendly and formal with us. The only downside is that you have to walk on a weird unpaved sidewalk (or mall loading docks on the other side of the street) to get to the strip. You can always catch a courtesy ride from hotel transportation people for free to Caesar's.
Las Vegas hidden gem... great place to stay.
Disclaimer: I'm not a Vegas guy.  Not a big gambler, not a seen-and-be-seen kind of person.  View my review through that lens.. . Great room.  I completely prefer rooms with a kitchenette or at least a fridge.  And since I was here for 4 nights, the set up at the trump was key.  Fridge, sink, stove top if you want it and microwave.  Beyond that the room is also a nice space, with a comfortable bed and good work area.  As mentioned by at least one other reviewer, the shower door situation is a little funky.  That probably could have been designed better.. . Great fitness center.  There are a number of treadmills facing the pool area and a decent assortment of machines, too.  . . Super convenient to be across from that mall.  Walk through Nordstrom and you've got yourself a Chipotle no more than 300 yards from front door of the hotel.  . . Short walk to El Segundo Sol and StripBurger.. . Short taxi lines.  I was here 4 nights and in and out multiple times per day.  Never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a taxi.  During CES.  . . Only issue I had was upon check in.  I made my reservation through Booking.com and had adjusted the original reservation by adding a day.   Even though I'd done this at least four or five days before my arrival it wasn't picked up in 'their system'.  So I had to stand there while the desk guy called and faxed (yes, faxed) someone a copy of my booking.com confirmation.  Kind of a drag after flying across the country, but in the end it all got sorted.
No casino, no smoking, no self-parking (complimentary valet).. . Off the strip, but I think the lower prices really justify what you get. Even though it's considered off the strip, it's still walking distance to XS/Wynn/Palazzo/Venetian, there's a free shuttle to Wynn and another free shuttle to Caesar's, and that huge Fashion Show Mall is across the street (Nordstrom's entrance). Maybe in 10 years, it'll be in the dead middle of the Strip.. . Service is great. We didn't get room service, but we ordered extra towels and a hair dryer and they were really quick about it.. . And there's none of those obese families who are in Vegas for the nascar convention and spend all their time eating buffets and smoking and playing slots. So yay about that.. . The bar downstairs has some pretty good cocktails and good beer for $5 a pop during happy hour, 5PM to 7PM. Pretty great, considering it's downstairs, it's pretty relaxed atmosphere, service is great. . . Oh and Nordstrom's Cafe is across the street (literally). It might as well be part of the hotel! Affordable delicious food! Steak Chimichurri for $13. And the tomato soup and grilled cheese kids' meal for $5. . . Anyways I'd definitely stay here again. I don't really like the shampoo though!
The Trump is a newer hotel just off the strip, adjacent to the Fashion Show Mall and a 5 minute walk to the Wynn. No-smoking and no casino were big plusses for me; you can still stay out partying until the wee hours of the night, only here you're pretty much guaranteed a quiet and comfortable night's (or day's) sleep. Here's the breakdown:. . Room: 5 stars. We had a corner suite on the 40th floor with gorgeous views of the strip in two directions. The bathroom was bigger than my bedroom in Chicago with a huge shower, separate jacuzzi tub, and yes, even a TV embedded in the mirror. There was also a separate living room with a full 2nd bathroom and a kitchen that is absolutely nicer than mine at home. I would move in today if I could.. . Service: 4.5 stars. Very friendly and accommodating staff. The desk staff was very accommodating about a late checkout, the bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable, and the free shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's was a nice perk. Perhaps it can be blamed on how soundproof our room was, but we did have housekeeping enter once without our hearing a knock which shouldn't have happened. The friends we were staying with had the same thing happen so this comment is not in isolation.. . Amenities/Other: 4.0 stars. Did not use the pool or spa so can't comment, other than to say the pool area by looks alone would have been pretty cool. The bar and bartenders were great, if pricey (but hey, its a 5-star hotel in Vegas that isn't subsidized by an on-site casino).. . Food (DJT Restaurant): 2 stars. The real downside was the on-site DJT restaurant. Did not eat dinner there but did go twice for breakfast (fool me twice, I know, lesson learned). No hostess there to greet or seat us either time, waited at least 10 minutes after being seated for a waiter, and had several issues receiving the wrong order. My suggestion: eat breakfast elsewhere to end your night, sleep it off in your awesome room, and grab a drink at the bar before heading out to do it all over again!
This was my first stay at Trump although I've been to Vegas many times. I must say I enjoyed my stay at Trump. The room was really nice. It was nicely appointed and the bed was fantastic. The rooms are quite large and I stayed in the smallest room. The bathrooms are HUGE and nice and has a jacuzzi tub. The hotel is non-smoking and quiet. There is no casino and really only one restaurant which is pretty good with some private dining areas. The lobby was unremarkable.. I was worried that the hotel is a bit isolated but it is right near the Wynn hotel which I love. It's also by the Fashion Show Mall which is a lot of fun and they have shuttles to Wynn and Cesears. . My complaints with the hotel are that the pool deck closes at 5! At least when I was there this winter. The lobby was almost too fragrant with flowers. Also, you can sometimes hear train noise.
Cons: the gold (shock!) is incredibly tacky & off-putting and the gift shop is basically a shrine to Trump and his family.. . Neutral (pro or con dependent on who you are): children everywhere (esp in the pool and jacuzzi); pet-friendly; no casino.  . . Pros:  the rooms were comfy & large (included a kitchentee); free-bottled water in the room; staff was friendly and approachable; no crazy cab line out front; the hotel was a stone's throw away  from the Fashion Show Mall and the Wynn; affordable when compared to other like hotels on the Strip; "healthy" options cafe on-site.
I've only been to Vegas once and we stayed @ the Trump so we could be off-strip. It was absolutely lovely to go out and play and come home to the solitude and cleanliness of the Trump. . . I highly recommend taking advantage of the amenities. Order some delicious pancakes for breakfast in their soft pillowy beds, luxuriate all day in the plushest robe ever or grab a whirlpool bath while watching the am news. . . Just an absolutely wonderful treat at a really bargain price. Our package included a $50 spa credit and it was one the best massages I've ever had in my life. Replete with the most well appointed locker rooms and deluge showers. I could have spent all weekend in the hotel.. . Great pool and hot tub and a small fitness center to round out all the best things...and Neiman Marcus is right across the street!
Great hotel, and I love the fact that it is smoke-free and the rooms are quite large.. . The only downside is the hotel shuttle tends to get full quickly...which means it's either a cab ride or a nice walk to any hotels on Mid-Strip or further south.
Pros: Clean, smoke-free, quiet, fast elevators, super nice staff, near fashion mall, awesome rooms and great facilities.. Cons: only one-we could not get wi-fi or 4G access on our iphones. Staff said that some rooms don't but I couldn't get access anywhere on the property. Luckily, I brought my laptop and, although it was slow, we could get wi-fi then. Inconvenient, but not a show-stopper. . The Donald runs a tight ship. We will definitely stay here again.
Stayed at the Trump for the 2nd time.  First time we stayed we payed $84 per night.  Must have been a slow week for Vegas, this time we paid $145 plus $20 per day resort fee.  Trump has Valet parking only so be prepared for the tips.  Hotel is very pet friendly.  The hotel was initially selling the rooms as apartments/condos so they are very nice, live-in worthy suites.  Small kitchen area, large soft beds and the restroom is huge.  Flat screen TV in the room and even a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom.  Showers are huge and there is a huge jacuzzi tub as well.  Hotel staff is very friendly and gracious.  There is no casino and no smoking so its a great hotel if you are wanting to take a deep breath while visiting Vegas.  Its a quiet hotel and off the beaten path a little.  Trump sits directly behind the Fashion Show mall, so its an easy walk (2 blocks) to some inexpensive food and shopping.  Ivanka and her husband and baby were there while we were there.  Saw he while they were going for a walk and wanted to ask for a picture but decided not to bother them.  We will continue to stay at the Trump as long as service continues to be above average.
The best part about this hotel was that it was 100% smoke free and had no casino!!!  It was a nice escape from the craziness of the casino floors.  Unfortunately it was tucked back a little off the strip behind the Fashion Show Mall.  We often cut through Nordstroms and exited through Bloomingdales and made our way out to the strip.  . . The hotel itself is gorgeous!  The rooms are spacious and even the non-strip view rooms have great views.  The pool is heated and the deck is great in the morning with the sunlight directly on it!  Staff was kind and helpful!. . There's no shuttle service to and from the airport, but there is a shuttle that runs to the Wynn and Caesars.  It runs regularly and makes for a quick trip.  . . Purchased the rooms on hotwire for $125/night.  Another negative is that there is a resort fee that you pay upon check out.  Probably not really necessary at all.
Very nice hotel. No smoking or Casino. However, the train.....passing by overnight a time or two, between the hotel and the interstate. And the next door property between the hotel and the strip, which is vacant land but with the remnants of the previous hotel or whatever was there. A little tacky. Trump is literally an "island". Shuttle should be larger to accommodate more guests. We liked it, in fact cancelled reservation and changed to Trump for our June visit.
Great service...sometimes a little slower than would be expected but you won't otherwise be disappointed with it.  Late check-out is 4pm!!  This place does "walk-the-walk" when it comes to Trump's gospel.  The rooms are well appointed.  There is a decent restaurant option on-site, a good spa, and a great benefit, in my opinion, of not having a casino on the ground floor. Also you are located close to fashion show mall, which can be convenient for various reasons.. . Speaking of location this is located at the North end of the strip, but if you're in Vegas you're going to do your share of walking anyway.  There is a frequent shuttle to Ceasar's, so you can start your journey from there.  When I go back this will be in my list of top options of places to stay.
Perfect location! No casino, and no smoke= awesome! Perfect for the family! Very spacious studio room but I love the one bedroom penthouse with floor to ceiling wall glass! I wish the depth of the swimming pool with be deeper. 4 feet is too short and made swimming a little bit difficult. The gym is ok.
I've stayed here for the first time with my cousin to celebrate her graduation from nursing school.  It is a bit off of the strip but it had shuttles readily available to take us to the strips throughout our stay.  The room was nice, simple and clean. I did like the kitchen and fridge that came with the room.  We tried the breakfast in the lobby and it was yummy and Vegas priced.  One thing that I didn't enjoy was the walk from the strip back to the hotel after spending the night hanging out at the nightclub, the walk felt long and hard.  Other then that, it was a good stay.
Great hotel as others mentioned. No casino Didnt try the restaurant. Staff is good. The only drawback is the train noise at 540 am as it crosses directly by the hotel is very loud. We asked to be moved the next night and they did to a room with a strip view.
Do not stay here if you:. - wanna stumble down to a smoky casino at 3AM. - need to be on the Strip. - have to have 24 hour food options, a party pool, and nightlife in your hotel. - can't tolerate loud trains rumbling by at all hours of the day. . Do stay here if you:. - wanna save a little money while still getting some luxury. - don't mind walking through Fashion Show Mall to get to the Strip. - would prefer to stay in a non-smoking hotel. - like huge jacuzzi tubs that can fit two people. - wanna tell your friends that you watched TV in the mirror while brushing your teeth. - want to cook in your room: even the most basic rooms have a kitchenette. - like fast elevators and a pretty-smelling lobby. - want crazy fast wi-fi included in the resort fee. - just want something a little more calm and slower-paced than the Strip hotels
Two of my girlfriends and I stayed here for 2 nights last weekend. Overall we had a great stay for the price that we paid. We were upgraded to a complimentary one bedroom suite. I loved the hotel ambiance and the staff were very friendly.. .  If you are expecting a hotel that has a casino, then you should avoid booking this hotel. The one thing I liked about this hotel that it offered a free shuttle to the Wynn til 2am as well as Caesars. Fashion show mall is right across the street. The downside to the hotel is there is no self parking. Its great to have valet parking, however, having to sit there and wait for your car each time (took 15-20 min just to get your car from valet) was the downside.
It's becoming a bit of a tradition for my friend and I to gamble on our Vegas hotel rooms ... after all, what better way to book a place to stay when headed to the gambling capitol of the world?. . So when we discovered we'd be staying at the Trump International Hotel after finalizing our Hotwire payments, we were stoked.  I mean, it's Donald Trump, right?. . Three reasons this hotel's awesome:. . 1.  Smoke-free.  Yep, it smells more like expensive-perfumey sunscreen instead.  A welcome change, for sure.. . 2.  No casino.  If gambling in Vegas doesn't appeal to you, it's nice not to have to walk past all the dinging slot machines and people slumped over card tables every time you wanna get to your room.. . 3.  The mall.  Head out the front of the hotel and straight intoNordstrom.  Chipotle, a pizza place, and Johnny Rockets are also right there if you're hungry for cheap eats.  And trek to the other end of this monster mall and say hello to one of the largest Forever 21s I've personally ever been to.  Great (and dangerous) for buying new outfits if you're not crazy about the ones you brought with you.  Topshop is also nearby, which I had no idea existed across the pond.  And when you're walking back through Nordstrom on your way "home," and if you're willing to spend $30 on makeup, they'll do your face for you ... great reason to have a cocktail before getting ready to go out!. . Our "studio suite" had a full kitchen, TV in the bathroom, and a sofa sleeper in addition to the queen bed.  Every staff member we came into contact with was extremely nice and helpful (one who looked like Adrian Grenier even made several trips to bring us lots of extra toiletries), and the view from the 42nd floor was pretty sweet, especially at night.. . A courtesy shuttle will take you to Ceasar's if you wanna get to the strip without walking or cabbing.  And Encore (great for a daytime pool party) and Wynn are just down the street, making for an easy walk to going-out destinations.. . Overall, I highly recommend this place.  It's especially great for Vegas-goers who would rather shop and not choke on smoke while they're there ;)
The Good:. -Smoke-free, clean, classy hotel. -1 bedroom suites are very spacious, huge bathroom with a jacuzzi and two sinks. -Can usually get an upgrade for $50 from a normal room to a suite at check-in. -8 minute walk to the wynn / 5 minutes to the mall. -Slightly cheaper than the other hotels on the strip. -Concierge was helpful. -There was a shuttle to Caesars but it was slow to arrive; it did run late which was nice. . The Bad:. -You pay a resort fee despite the fact that there are few amenities compared to the other resorts. -Pool is small and not enough umbrellas, we were baking in the sun; it also took 45 minutes for us to get our drinks and food was eh. -King bed in bedroom was great but the pull out couch had an extremely uncomfortable mattress and a maximum of 2 people can fit on it. -There is no nightlife, great restaurants or pool party
Definitely a fan of the Trump Hotel in Vegas. Classy, clean, and just plain nice.  Everything in the room is nice.  Even the coasters on the tables were made out of some kind of alligator or something...the bathrooms with showers are really modern and nice too.  I guess thats just how Donald Trump rolls.  . . Pros: Fashion mall is literally across the street (good for my wife who likes to shop and not gamble).  Clean, and good customer service.. . Cons: no casino floor. Valet parking only.. . Tip: Check out earlier than usual because otherwise you'll be stuck in the long valet lines.
Its a nice place if you don't like smoke and the smell of stank and death  you find in a lot of hotels with casinos in Vegas. They are generally nice there and its clean and smells nice in the lobby. The only issues we could see; no self park, a train that comes through every morning at 5 or 6 am and you can hear it blow its horn every day even from the 53 floor on the side facing the strip we had to upgrade the room for this view. There is 25 dollar per day resort fee  for news paper, and two coffee pouches and two small waters they leave. We found a few times they forget to leavethe water and coffee and the newspaper or all three. Just have to go get it. We had a a small stove and fridge in the room.  When we used the dishes or utensils we found they took them and didn't give them back. Not sure why? The pool is small compared to other hotels and there is aways a life guard on duty. I would bring drinks down to the pool ordering them is expensive.  Fun thing to do is go to the bar downstairs and if Josh is working keep saying, "The Donald said I can have free drinks all night". He said you would  be surprised how many people try to do this to him.  The Donald could have done better at locating his hotel closer to the strip and not near the train tracks. I guess he got screwed on that deal for this hotel.  Over all not that bad and no stank just have to walk further and or take a taxi to go down to the strip. I would get it 3 stars but I don't want to piss the Donald off and get fired.
Trump is nice if you're able to get a good deal off of hotels.com . I love the bathroom! It's huge! I do not like that it is way far away from all the other hotels on the strip... Lots of walking
I love the Trump!  From the gold exterior to the gold interior, I became a fan.  I liked the very spacious lobby.  Everyone there was very helpful.  We stayed here on a Saturday night because we had a good deal on hotwire.com.  Then we stayed at the MGM on Sunday and Monday because we wanted to be closer to the "action."  I wished we stayed at the Trump all three days, because moving over to the MGM was definitely a downgrade.. . There were only a couple of things that I didn't like about the hotel.  The pool was pretty small.  It was not very impressive at all.  And the water pressure in this place is pretty bad, but I'll get to that later.. . I liked our room a lot.  It was very spacious and clean.  We got updated to a strip view room, but we were so far away that the view didn't really amount to much.  Still, an upgrade is an upgrade, and it was nice of them to offer it to us.  The bathroom was a good size, with a huge area for the toilet and the shower.  The problem with the shower, and I noticed it a to a lower extent at the MGM, is the water pressure.  It was way to weak.  The shower area was large, but I felt like we had to run around to get wet.  It was pretty sad.. . The size of the room was great!  We had a little kitchenette, which included a microwave, refrigerator and stove top.  We also had a nice area with a sofa and desk.  There was definitely enough space to make us feel comfortable.  The MGM on the other hand was similar in price, but the room was smaller and we had no view at all.  And this was the newer remodeled King Room.. . I would definitely go back to the Trump.  I loved how everyone was very helpful.  I loved that there was a shuttle to Caesars and The Wynn every 20 minutes.  I loved that there wasn't any smoke smell, probably because there is no casino on property.  And I loved that when we asked for a late check-out, they let us leave at 4pm!  That is 5 hours from the normal check-out time of 11am!  Now that is service!
We stayed there for my boyfriend's birthday. We brought our two dogs along because we have seperation anxiety with our babies. The staff treated our dogs kindly. The room was beautiful but not the best I have seen in Vegas.. . I love the gym and the pool because it's not too fancy. The gym is very clean and there is water provided. . . Free wi-fi.. . Everyone was very friendly and all in all, we had a great trip. The only reason why I am not giving 5 stars is that they skimp on the bottled water they give us. Only two small bottles of water per day and when I called to get more, they wouldn't give us more.
Smellsssssss soooooooo nice. After bathing in cigarette smoke from other hotels and casinos, coming back to the hotel was like a breath of fresh air, except it smells expensive. . . When you first walk in, you'll feel like a bum walking in some fancy shmacy hotel, but every staff member is glad to see you and treats everyone ever so nice. From cleaning maids, doormen, and shuttle drivers. All very cool people.. . Some tips: . *Free shuttle takes you to Wynn or Cesar's Palace, runs until midnight, and later on weekends.. *You can checkout using your hotel tv.. *Call the valet to have your car pulled out before you head downstairs, because it can take a while.. . You wont regret staying here.
Love the fresh scent in  the lobby and a calmer atmosphere compared to large casino hotels. Great pool scene, easy music and casual crowd, not a partier myself and great for a good tan and rest.
We stayed over the Memorial Day weekend. Lovely hotel, service and accomodations. Easy to use online reservation process and rates were reasonable. The rooms were spacious and clean and the staff was very friendly as well.. . Here are some good and bad things about our stay. Please keep in mind my wife has been working for the Four Seasons for over 18 years, and I'm basing our experience and expectations from this perspective.. . The good: Very big rooms and bathrooms. We had a corner one bedroom. Eddie from housekeeping helped us set up the pullout sofabed and brought us an extra duvet and pillow top bed cover and put it all together for us. What a great help! The kids loved the TV and the jacuzzi tub in the main bathroom.We were on the train side, on the 33rd floor and it wasn't bad at all. The mini kitchen was also very convenient. The pool, while small, was very well kept and nice. We rented a cabana for the day (well worth the money) over the busy weekend. The cabana rental includes a reserved circular bed and a lounge chair - keep in mind by 1pm all the chairs in the pool area were already taken. Kevin, our attendant, was absolutely fantastic. He was there whenever we needed something and kept our mini fridge well stocked. The AC and TV were very nice as the day heated up and you needed a break from the sun. This was definately one of the nicest appointed cabanas we've used.. . The bad: Parking. I can live with the fact that it's valet only. However, the lines were out the driveway and we experienced a wait time of at least 10-15 minutes to get into the hotel, and a 15-20 minute wait to pick up our car from the valet.Taxi cabs couldn't even get into the property. If this hotel has aspirations of reaching a AAA Five Diamond status, this just will not work. Tommy, one of the valet supervisors was trying his best and putting forth great effort, but he was obviously too short handed to handle the volume. I would hope the hotel management takes time to review this, and I would make this recommendation. The Four Seasons has a process in place to handle these situations - it's called a crunch. It doesn't matter if you're a member of the planning committee, director, manager, or hourly employee,but  when a crunch is called it's "all hands on deck" to that department that is being overwhelmed. My wife who works in Sales and Marketing, has had to park cars, turn rooms, do room inspections, assist in the banquet kitchen, just to make sure the customer experience is never compromised at the property. I hope the Trump hotel will keep in mind that valet parking is their customer's first and last personal experience of the hotel.
I really enjoyed staying at Trump. The one thing hotels.com failed to mention when I searched for dog friendly hotels is that they charge an extra $100 per night for dogs. Luckily they only charged me $50 since our little Toy Poodle qualifies for half of a half of a dog anyway. They chose a bad beige color for the carpets...it shows everything so the carpets were kinda stained which takes away from the "5 Star" appeal...though the hotel is nice, I wouldn't call it 5 stars...maybe 4 stars.. . Aside from that, everything was great. They gave Ziggy doggy treats and a doggy bed. The room was very spacious with a huge jacuzzi tub which I didn't get to use! Loved the pool--they seat you like a restaurant or something. That was new and I think it is a great idea. They didn't have much to choose from on the menu though what they had was good. Not great, but good. The pool wasn't too crazy either which I personally like but they had a DJ who played good music, there were a few families but it was mostly adults.. . The hotel is literally across the street from Fashion Show mall...love that! The staff were all very friendly as well. I would absolutely stay here again.
This is a beautiful hotel. I loved the jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. I thought a room was really a breath of fresh air after being in some of the smokey casinos on the strip. The only downside was that the valet parking took forever. We waited for about half an hour for them to take our car. I mean I understand that memorial weekend is a busy time to come to vegas but they should seriously consider having a better system or maybe even self parking would be better.
Overall, great first impression when I stepped through the doors. Everyone was smiling, helpful and friendly. Something you don't see in San Diego a lot is a 24 hour concierge! From the bellman to the house keepers, cleaners and managers, everyone was absolutely friendly. . . Ran into a lady who kind of ridiculed my boyfriend when he called in suite dining. Tip was already included in the bill and he was wondering if he could just tip them in cash so they could have cash by the end of the night, girl on the phone laughed and said no. Didn't really like that. She probably was thinking we'd cheap the server out of their tip but in actuality, we were looking out for them. . . Definitely try the trump burger when staying here. The fries, the burger and even the pickle was delicious. The best burger and fries I've ever had. Only if there as a Trump Hotel in San Diego... *sigh. . Upon checking out, ran into a problem however the manager dealt with it professionally and in a timely fashion. Most likely will stay here again! Thumbs up!
Great hotel without a casino in the lobby.  Well appointed rooms, and a good sized pool for the size of the hotel.  Automatic drapes and large suites.  Strip is about a 10 minute walk, or even shorted through the mall.  Would definitely stay here again.
A golden hotel without a casino. You think Trump would have built an elevated golden sidewalk to lead his masses from the hotel to at least Fashion Show, but sadly no... A bit of jay walking, dodge that taxi and loffers in the dirt get you to the strip. On the bright side, the 49th floor standard room has a GREAT view of the strip, is super spacious, has free Wi-Fi, kitchenette & a WHIRLPOOL Tub! Well worth the Jay Walking ;D
We weren't disappointed! This non-gaming hotel is absolutely beautiful with plenty of wonderful amenities. The Strip itself is about a 7-minute walk away, which is great but it was a bit challenging in the heat. On-site restaurants were "okay" but we ate elsewhere on The Strip most times. There's also a free (hotel) shuttle that takes you to a couple of the other resorts but I can't recall which ones specifically at the moment. Keep in mind it's a good idea to either get a room as high as possible or facing the south end of The Strip due to the simple fact that the hotel is located near a set of railroad tracks. We never heard the train (supposedly at 6am daily) because our room was on the 34th floor. Would definitely stay here again!
The Trump is pretty rad.. . Pros: . -Beautiful rooms with kitchenette, fridge, jacuzzi tub, 24 hour room service. -Free shuttles to Wynn and Caesars palace that we never waited more than 5 minutes for. -Fashion show mall across the street is awesome. -Cheap for a five star hotel. - "Free" wifi included in the resort fee. - Quiet and smoke free. -free 4pm checkout time if you call the desk! Loved this.. . Cons:. -No casino for those who do care. -pool is dead, go to Wynn for a real pool!. -Cost us 6 bucks to use the business center Internet.... -Limited restaurant choices ... I.e. there is like, one really expensive one. -Since it is off the strip views are kind of weird in most rooms.. . The Trump is a great hotel for those looking for a luxury experience without a big price tag. We spent most of our time at the Wynn /encore anyway so the shuttle was perfect. Would recommend for sure especially cause I don't really gamble. Not gonna lie pool was disappointing though! Oh well..
The place is awesome and adjacent to the mall and Wynn Hotel.  In fact, the mall is right across street.  My room and the bathroom are huge.  You can fit two people in the jacuzzi tub!  Service is awesome too.  Only thing annoying is the resort fee, but the mandatory valet parking is part of the resort fee.  I definitely would come back again.  I really appreciate the smoke free and gambling free atmosphere at the Trump Hotel.
Next time i book a vegas trip WILL NOT USE HOTEL.COM  . WHY - I booked this hotel through hotels.com .. they represented it as being on the Strip and it is not ... yes it is not so far but if you want the strip this is not it ...  normally not staying anywhere near a Trump property don't like Donald and we dont share our taste sensitivities  . . So Back to the Trump  Pros & Cons . . Cons : The Donald .. I simply don't like that guy or care for his taste . . The Rooms :  ok to nice .. but rather bland non committing design  nothing spectacular not swanky or outstandingly elegant...  Simply ok . . Hotels.com Sells you this place as a hotel on the strip but it is not ... ...... So why would i give it a 4 star in a city like Vegas ?. . One reason  - Service !  let me say it again ... Service .... experience here is more personalized in a city with huge properties where you are another piece of meat in the grind ... personalized service here stood out
Got this place off Hotwire!  Loved the fact that there was no cigarette smell, and no casino in the hotel.  It gave us a more relaxed experience that didn't involve following shuffling masses through a loud, smoky casino to get to our elevator.  I definitely enjoyed that aspect.  The room itself was huge and super nice, the bed very comfortable (it took a LOT to actually drag ourselves out of it).  There was a huge bathroom (with jacuzzi tub, which you probably don't want to use because you KNOW they can't fully clean those...I actually went in the one in our room at the Trump and when we turned the jets on something that looked like skin CAME OUT OF THE JET, needless to say, I won't do that every again) and a little kitchenette area.  The pool was very relaxed, didn't really get a party atmosphere (though they try with some house music that starts around 1pm).  The day beds run $75 for the day, you get a fruit bowl and two mimosas included in the price...however the service can be SLOW.  Anyway, a mostly great stay.. . My only complaints:  the maids came in only once during our day stay.  They completely missed Saturday.  Lame.  Also, the hotel is kind of far from the strip.  You can get a shuttle to Wynn or Caesars Palace, but the closest hotel is a good walk away (about ten-fifteen minutes to Treasure Island, same for the Wynn).  Also, everyone is definitely correct about that damn train!  Why the hell do you need a horn at 3am?  Seriously?
I'm as laid back as it gets, so I'll start with the only miniscule, meaningless gripe I had with the Trump International Las Vegas.. . I had booked a 2 BR Strip View Suite and decided to head over at 2 PM despite getting into McCarren at 10 AM.  They have you check in at the VIP area just off the main registration desk and, upon my arrival, the room was cleaned and ready to go.  The only hold-up was that a 'higher up' needs to inspect that room prior to checking in and I waited 40 minutes until someone inspected it.. . I didn't really care at all aside from wanting to get out of the clothes I traveled in and to get the room situated, but my feeling was that a 'VIP' should get priority over the little people in the world (like, say, the people who booked a regular room or even a 1 BR).  This room wasn't cheap and it was degrading seeing the other people carrying their bags to their hotel room before me.. . I was totally kidding about that last bit, so give me a break.. . All I can say about this place is that it's hard to get a Five Stars for anything.  'Robocop' is Five Stars.  Many 'Gin's' are Five Stars.  I don't know what a hotel would have to do to get it, but I can say that I've been going to Las Vegas three + times a year for nearly two decades and this was the nicest room I'd ever stayed in.. . 64th Fl, smack-dab looking south down the middle of Las Vegas Blvd.  Aside from not having a CD player or a MP3 player that could connect to the newest generation of ipod, it had every amenity and so much space.  Probably too much space for a couple of drunkard college buddies, but I'd look to book this room every time I'm back in town.. . The hotel is immaculate and the employees across the board couldn't be better, nicer or more accommodating.. . The closest casino is the Wynn/Encore, but I walked/stumbled to and from as far south as Paris without issue.  You're in Vegas, you're going to walk (they have courtesy shuttles to Wynn and to Caesars).  The Riviera and the Gold Standard of trashy casinos, Circus Circus, is just a quick skip north.. . I highly recommend this place.  I've read some reviews and people have spoke of trains (never heard one although I wasn't on the side of the hotel I believe that affects) and the valet service not being fast enough 9didn't have a car)...but I think people are just high maintenance.. . Can't wait to stay here again.
My boyfriend booked this hotel through hotwire as one of those "you don't know which 5 star hotel you're gonna get" deals. This hotel is definitely worth it for its price. The room is very nice and big. There are free shuttles that run to wynn (til 2 am) and the forum shops at caesars palace (til 12 am). This hotel is a bit far away from the strip but the shuttles make that okay. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
Great hotel everything here is awesome same goes for the service. Other then that only thing that keeps me from not giving it a 5 star is that there is no casino, signal from phone is always bad when im in my room ... DAM AT&T haha might not be the trumps fault on that one.
Beautiful property.. Large room included kitchen, couch & chairs, etc.   Huge bathroom.   . Gave a $20 to the person at the desk and she upgraded us to a strip view room.  . It's the north end of the strip, and a block off  LVB.   Shuttles run every 10min to Ceasar's and Wynn.   . At the moment, the space adjacent to the hotel is an undeveloped, dirt lot, so it's an ugly  view next door.. Pool was kind of boring.
Located a little further down the strip near the Fashion Mall, the Trump hotel is more about luxury than partying.  . . There is no casino, so the atmosphere isn't as crazy or wild, but up-scale and classy.  . . After a 5-hour plane ride, a nice relaxing soak in the stand-alone gorgeous and huge bath tub left me totally refreshed and re-energized.. . Little touches like the ultra-soft and decadent bath-robes make you feel extra special.
Two stays in the one bedroom strip-view suite within 2 years.. . Highlights:. * 2 restrooms. * 3 boxes of tissues! 2 in the large bathroom, 1 in the small... my sniffly nose was very happy. * Across the street from Nordstroms, which is connected to the Fashion Mall. * Full kitchen, with utensils. * complimentary shuttle service to Wynn, Caesar's Palace, and a few more destinations on the Strip. * The lobby smells like the Perfume section in a department store. . Lowlights:. * Slightly north of and isolated from the center of the Strip. * Only valet parking, which can be time-consuming if you always wanna drive your own car. . As much as I enjoy staying at this decadent all-suite hotel every time, I do have other more affordable all-suite hotel preferences in mind (e.g. Westgate Flamingo Bay, the Platinum, Palms Place). But since this place is such a hit with my friends, I will be making plenty more visits here.
Overall, the hotel experience was good. However, after not having been here for two years you forget how much a hotel can get run down in that time. The hotel was still nice but, they clearly need to do a remodel sometime in the near future to keep up with other 5-star hotels in Las Vegas.. Only compliment while staying here was a lousy valet attendant who was rude. Other than that The Trump was great.
II visit Las Vegas pretty often because my boyfriend's family lives out there, so we are always looking for a nice hotel at a reasonable cost when we travel to LV.  Besides getting a great rate on the room, I was very pleased when I walked into the Hotel.  The hotel lobby had a very sophisticated style.   When I stay at hotels, I usually go for a modern look and cleanliness.  The bathroom is very large with a Jacuzzi bathtub in addition to a shower which is separate from the tub.  Also, there was a TV. embedded into the mirror which I really liked. The rooms are fairly large and have a business, but yet a classy look.    There are no casinos at this hotel, however there are many hotels located nearby that has casinos galore.  If you like to go shopping, the mall is literally within walking distance.  I definitely recommend this place.
We had a beautiful view of Las Vegas from our hotel room and it was well worth the stay. It was appropriately priced and the staff was very friendly. You're right across the street from a mall and a block away from the strip which has a constant flow of shuttles/cabs from the hotel. I loved the fact that it was a smoke free environment unlike most of the stinky hotels in Las Vegas. . . The rooms were luxuriously furnished and what you'd come to expect from a nice hotel at really good prices. When I think of what I want in a hotel I often compare it to this one when in the higher range of hotels. You'll find televisions in the bathroom mirrors, and all the usual high end tech. The VIP staff was also very friendly. Apparently, many celebrities stay there if that's your sort of thing.
I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.  . Pros: beautiful, clean rooms, great views, great pool, full kitchen, two bathrooms, very clean lobby (and not smoky), quiet enough to sleep at night, yet close to the strip, shuttle service to hotels, attentive staff, fast elevators.  The room itself is 5 stars all the way.. Cons: AT&T iPhone didn't get very good service in the rooms (ok in lobby) and wi-fi was spotty.  I didn't have problems with my cell service elsewhere in Vegas, so I wonder if a construction material partially blocks the signal (some do).  The concierge wasn't the most knowledgeable - when asked about non-chain casual restaurants, she recommended the California Pizza Kitchen (!).  They didn't mention that the $25 spa credit we got was only for services greater than $150 - I was a bit irritated to find that out after my $100 treatment.
Trump Las Vegas was a really nice hotel to stay at. The ONLY downfall is that I spent most of my time trying to get to the middle of the strip. The hotel is located across the street from Nordstroms at the Fashion Show shops. I spent a lot of my time at the Wynn, Caesar's, and Palazzo. You think it's just across the street but when you actually do the walk in the Vegas heat it seems like miles. The shuttle service was really nice, but only took us to Wynn and the back of Caesar's Palace shops. . . I actually liked the fact that this hotel didn't have a casino. The hotels with casinos all smelled like cigarettes, especially Harrah's. It was nice to go back to a clean and smoke free hotel. . . The pool area is a bit small but it didn't bother me so much. My one complaint is that there are limited umbrellas. So, if you want to relax without the sun blazing on you, you have to grab the umbrellas fast. However, I did like how cold the pool was. I was expecting a luke warm pool because of the heat but was surprised that the water was actually pretty cold!. . I was in a spacious one bedroom city-view suite but the "city-view" just means the view of the liquor store and construction. This might bother you if you're into getting the "good view". So try to avoid "city-view" and try and get the "strip-view".. . I probably won't stay here again because I want to be literally ON the strip so that I don't need a shuttle or taxi. But, I would recommend it for people who don't mind taking the shuttle or taxi to get to the middle of the strip. It was clean and the staff was very friendly.
No casino and smoke free! Went here two years ago and was impressed with how spacious a standard-sized room is. It was just my husband and me but the room can easily accomodate 4 as it has a fold-out sofabed.  Rooms are tastefully and simply decorated. The off thing about the room was that the bathroom wasn't cleaned well enough as the floor around the toilet wasa bit sticky and smelly - housekeeping issues there. I was ecstatic to have a stovetop but it didn't work when I tested it out.. . The happy hour in the lounge / dining area near the lobby has good deals on drinks and tasty apps. Recommended if you don't mind a bit of a stroll or wait for their free shuttle to the strip. It was really hot when I went so the walk to the strip felt very long and was inconvenient in the heat. It's a bit of a hassle to catch the shuttle too and they stop after a certain time. I'm going back to Vegas in two weeks but trying a differrent hotel that's more on the strip. I'd still consider Trump for future stays though if there's a really enticing rate. It's a a reallly nice place to relaxe and although it's not ON the strip, you can get some nice views of the strip.
Not the usual Vegas experience, as this hotel has no Casino or other activities. A great SPA, pool and gym, but for the traditional Vegas action, you will have to take a drive to the Strip.. . Great option if traveling with kids, and would like to avoid the Casino mess/smoke/noise.. . Would have preferred to have self parking option, as Valet, although free of charge, is too time consuming for my taste.. . I really dislike the Vegas resort fees, but they are very difficult to avoid, lately. Expect $25 per room per night,
We stayed at the Trump International in September of this year. We had booked our stay with vegas.com, and when we went to check in they did not have our reservation. We were told that they had been having trouble with people who had made reservations through vegas.com, but they managed to find my reservation, luckily. While checking in they were having trouble getting all my information to log, and had to swipe my credit card three times. . . This all sounds like a nightmare of a check-in, but the pain was alleviated by our outstanding service from Sonia. Because of all the trouble we had at check in, Sonia upgraded our room to a deluxe suite from a standard suite at no extra cost. She also gave us vouchers for a free gift at the spa, as we had reservations the next day. . . At check out, I again had Sonia helping me. She was so sincere and I really appreciated everything she did for me and my fiancee. Although check-in was a bit of a pain, the spa was fantastic, and the location to the mall was unbeatable. If Sonia ever reads this, I hope that she knows she really made our stay memorable!
Prior to arriving in Vegas, I did all the usual checking of the TripAdvisor and Yelp reviews and I couldn't quite reconcile some of the less than glowing ones with the majority rave reviews. After staying three nights, I can only conclude that some people are just high maintenance.. . The hotel and its interior are very gold! Oddly, I'm normally quite disparaging of this aesthetic but in this case, I really liked it! The building has a white strip around the top which really works with the gold tint. Lots of marble too - great!. . Unlike many of the other places in Vegas, this is a hotel - not a casino with a hotel attached. As such, it doesn't suffer from the stink of second-hand smoke and the generally noisy and zoo-like environment. The moment you walk into the bright, (naturally) lit, spacious lobby, you realize that it's an oasis from the strip.. . Some mention has been made of its distance from the strip. Firstly, it's a 5 min walk, 10 tops. Secondly, it's through an air-conditioned mall, with Nordstrom, plenty of other shopping and cheap eats and coffee on your doorstep. If you're physically capable of a 5 min walk, I can only surmise that to complain about it means you're fat and lazy. Let me repeat that - fat and lazy. If you're one of these people, don't travel to any European city, as you'll be whining just to get to the end of the street.. . Mention has also been made of a perfume that's piped into the AC of the lobby. True - and it's smells nice! I understand that it can bother those with a very sensitive nose but for the vast majority, it just helps make a nice environment (while we're on the subject of smells, the lotions and soaps provided in the rooms smell lovely).. . Service was excellent. So many great individual interactions with staff who just excel at their roles and are super friendly. . . The room condition was excellent. Spacious ( very ), big beds and well furnished. Love the huge bathroom with double sinks, big tub and shower. Don't really know why the kitchenettes are there but not an issue. A TV in the bathroom mirror was just fun for its own sake. Odd design issue - couldn't find a single, central switch for all the lights. My personal highlight was the massage jets in the bathtub - if you stay here, you must try them out!. . The resort fees seems to be the norm in Vegas and the general ethos in America. As a European, I prefer the price to be the price, taxes and all included. This extends to the valet-only parking, which is just an annoyance and not a luxury (i.e. valet in general is a silly American concept - if I'm driving a car, I can bloody well park it myself or I shouldn't be driving in the first place. And if I have a really nice car, why the hell would I let some stranger with limited education drive and potentially damage it?). Don't get me started on tipping which is just a way to degrade the working class to the status of plebs but I digress. I would definitely take note of the fact that parking at the adjacent mall is free, so is a faster option if you just want to pop in and out.. . Used the gym - lovely and everything was in excellent condition with hand towels provided. The pool wasn't a party type of place, just a really nice luxury hotel pool.. . My only issue, and one that might be unfair, is that when traveling in Europe, hotels always include breakfast. Doesn't seem to be the case here but if no-one else is doing it, then it's unfair to pick on any one hotel.. . My companions mentioned that they can hear the train horn at various times during the night, so that can be an issue if you're a light sleeper. It's funny though - some reviews complain about the train noise but want to be on the strip, which surely generates much more noise at all hours!?. . 4 pm checkout also helped us maximize the value of our time in Vegas, though, again there's the mall parking as an option.. . Another reviewer noted the weak water pressure from the shower. That bothered me too but I'm not sure why it exists - it makes sense from a water conservation perspective ( I'm all for that ) and that the Kohler fittings are water-efficient but then the bath water pressure is higher and taking baths is far more water-inefficient than showers. Odd.. . The other clientele are middle to upper class, often professionals and well-travelled foreigners. Not to sound too much like a snob but birds of a feather.... . The hotel bar closes way too early. Hotel bars are a great way to meet people, whether at the start of the evening or late night for one last drink. . . Bottom line : While in Vegas, I will ONLY stay at The Trump Hotel... but maybe not dine at the hotel restaurant until there's new management, as it seems to have some well publicized issues!
The upgrade to a strip view suite is worth it. Room service food is nothing to write home about. Very helpful & friendly staff.  Stay here if you want a quiet, non-gaming, smoke free environment.
This is the place to stay if you want to avoid the noise, traffic and characters of the strip. Just a short walk from the strip (about 5 minutes), this hotel offers good service, really spacious rooms, and a quiet environment. It does not have a  casino so you don't have to deal with smoke or a chaotic lobby. Since the hotel is fairly new, everything is in great condition. Resort fee includes wifi.
WOW!. . This place is amazing!! I stayed here with a girlfriend during a trip to Vegas and was extremely pleased with how nice this hotel was (although, I guess that should have been expected since its a Trump Hotel).  The room I stayed in had a King bed with a pullout bed in the couch.  The bathroom was the size of my bedroom at home and I seriously could have slept in the tub, it was that big,  The room was modern with a small kitchenette and was well furnished with simple, yet elegant furniture.  What I liked most about this hotel was the fact that it didn't have any casinos or nightclubs in it, which helped add to the feeling of luxury and exclusivity,  . . The only thing I didn't like that much was the fast that the shower and toilet were separated by glass window panes.  I didn't like feeling like I was on display if someone walked into the bathroom, but considering I shared the room with another girl, I guess it was okay.  Furthermore, something else I've never experienced before were staff members asking to see my room key to make sure I stayed at the hotel.  Obviously, its not a problem since I had my room key on me at all times, but it definitely felt a bit intimidating.. . I love my trips to Vegas and can't wait to come back again, but the Trump was a bit too pricey to use on a regular basis.  I'd rather stay at a cheaper hotel on the strip, but wouldn't mind staying at the Trump again if I won the lottery.
This hotel was awesome! Quick and easy check in with complimentary water bottles!!! Room was on a great floor with clear signage. I booked through hotwire for a great deal - $180 for two nights (Sat - Mon).. . The room:. + TV INSIDE the bathroom mirror!. + Jacuzzi jet hot tub - we fit 3 girls in there (it was too windy for the outside hot tub). + Nice shower - water pressure, temperature, size. + Kitchen with pots, pans, blender, stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker. + Queen bed & queen sofa pull out bed. -- none of the non suites have 2 double beds. -- our view was lots of strip cubs, not the kinda STRIP we were looking for. If you want a better view, it costs more for a view of the actual Vegas strip. -- A train goes by every hour or so. I don't believe it comes at night, but if you like to sleep in, bring ear plugs or drink so much that you pass out and sleep through it.. . The hotel:. + Directly across from the mall with every store imaginable. Great location. + Free shuttle to Wynn or Caeser's was extremely convenient. We hardly took a taxi. From the Wynn drop off, you can walk to Encore, Venetian, etc... From Caeser's drop off you can walk to Harrahs, Bally's, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio. -- The hotel has Direct TV, so I could not watch the 49ers game
stayed there over a weekend. service and accommodations were top notch. smoke free hotel is awesome in vegas. the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the noise factor from the street and railroad even though I stayed on the 56th floor. studio size room is your average size hotel room
HOTEL: BEAUTIFUL. ROOM: I had a suite with kitchenette and a roomy bathroom with TV and jaccuzi. AWESOME!. ROOM Service: excellent. LOCATION: excellent. Close from the strip and the mall.. CHECK OUT: 4pm Great!. . Only 4 stars because of the small pool, the trucks noises in the morning and the valet who dont always bring your car in front of you, he sometimes park it in the other side and you have to go get it.. . . I will still go back there for sure.. They have no casino. I really appreciate that!
This hotel deserves 4-stars (one step above a Marriott, but one step below a 4 Seasons) for its a) attentive but not invasive service, b) superb room layout, c) but slightly off-strip location. . . Stayed here for a week during New Years. The staff is attentive but not invasive. Service staff kept a professional, but light tone with me during check in. I noticed some subtle things: they really know how to treat their Asian guests. They weren't overt or abrasive about it (if they said Ni Hao I would have laughed) but they always handed me things with two hands; had crisp dollar bills whenever I asked for change; and somehow never intruded in my personal space, yet kept me happy the entire time I was there. No idea how they did that. Oh, and they employ house elves because I never once saw a housekeeping cart or staff, yet my bed was always made. Awesome. . . The room was excellent, with a fully stocked kitchen (you can call ahead and have it stocked with food if you'd like), large shower and jacuzzi tub (that can fit more than a couple of people inside), and large living space/king size bed/study area. This is the studio that I've been looking for to live in on a regular basis. We watched the fireworks in my room after the Strip got too crazy. I had a perfect view of the 8 minute fireworks show from my room; what a great way to ring in the new year. . . The slightly off-strip location is a bit annoying for me. The shuttle ends at midnight on weekdays and 2AM on Fridays and Saturdays. I usually tip shuttle drivers well and ask for their cell phone numbers so that I don't have to pay for taxis. That strategy didn't work for New Years since the traffic was so intense after the police closed the strip. On the other days, the shuttle is fine but they rotate the shuttle drivers a lot so its hard to maintain contact with any one particular driver. The shuttle drives you to Encore or to the back of the Forum Shops (where all the fancy shops are, in the back of Caesar's Palace). Its a long walk to any where you are going on the Strip. . . One other thing: you'll pay a $25 resort fee, but its worth it. You get free wireless access (really fast connection, about 1Mbps download) and access to fitness center. Their room service isn't too expensive either. I bought a couple of bottles of wine with me but there's a liquor store that has a decent selection nearby. . . Bottom line: if you enjoy a "nice" hotel that's slightly off the strip and away from the center of activity and action, you'll enjoy Trump. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
The first time that I have stayed here, it was a great hotel, the only bummer is that it's a bit off the beaten path.  The service was excellent.
BF and I got a pretty great deal on HOTWIRE for this Hotel.  He had previously heard good things from a close friend who also scored this same deal a few weeks before.. . Before our FINAL PURCHASE I consulted with trusty fellow YELPERS to get the REAL low down scoop. . . I definitely CONCUR this place is pretty bomb.  It was a LOT busier than we expected and when we first arrived the line to check in kind of gave me a nervous stomach.  I was pleasantly surprised at how fast it moved and how kind the staff was.  They were SO accommodating. We arrived there early (before noon) and were crossing our fingers that they'd let us check in early.  They were unable to get us our room right away but gave us complimentary spa passes so we could get ready and freshen up for our day of debauchery awaiting us at Encore Beach Club. . . The Spa was LOVELY.  They gave us flip flops, our own lockers, and a PLUSH robe. It's everything a spa is supposed to be, serene, clean, calm and fresh.  There are private dressing rooms fully stocked with high end hair spray (alterna) hair ties, combs, brushes, curling irons, blow dryer, etc.  And there are public vanities as well.  I was unable to get into the hot tubs and pools, however I can imagine they were WONDERFUL because everything else was.  The showers were rain down showers and all of the products smelled amazing. . . Our room was quite nice.  It had a kitchen with two stove top burners, a microwave, a fridge and a toaster.  We were disappointed that we didn't pack some ego waffles and hot pockets for the late night munchies. :) The king size bed was LOVELY and we also had a sofabed that turned into a queen.  . . The bathroom was great.  There was a large tub, this excited us immensely as my 6'4" boyfriend doesn't fit well in typical tubs so a bath is ALWAYS out of the question.  This tub was HUGE and it was a spa tub with 3 different settings.  It was SO relaxing.  The shower was HUGE (fit 2 VERY well) too and the actual toilet area was separate from both, such a nice touch!. . They had excellent service, they feature an express room service 24 hours a day.  Everything comes within 15minutes of ordering.  It's pricey but ALL room service is.  . . Place is nice but I can say that we WON'T Continue going because Trump is an idiot.
They upgraded us to a bigger suite and it was beautiful. Close to the clubs we wanted to go to, isnt as far off the strip as we expected, its actually practically on the strip. The only thing about Trump is that there arent any clubs inside the hotel nor are there pool parties here at their pool
Trump redeemed itself, but not without its grand issues beforehand.. . We arrived in Las Vegas around 3:00pm and after picking up our luggage and packing into a taxi, we arrived at Trump around 4:00pm. The problem? Our room hadn't been cleaned and was not ready.. not would it be ready for another few hours. After a flight with six ladies pumped up for a weekend of shenanigans in Vegas for a bachelorette party, a wait for the room on account of management's fault is extremely inconveniencing.. . If it wasn't for the complaining and negotiating skills of one of the girls in our party, we would have never gotten Trump to properly apologize for the inconvenience. Thanks to her, we were offered a round of drinks in the lounge and dinner via room-service later on that night, all on the house as an apology for the situation.. . When we walked into our two bedroom suite on one of the top-most floors facing the strip, it was simply a beautiful sight. Logistics: six females, three pull-out couches, two king beds, a kitchen and 3 full bathrooms? You could definitely say it was going to be a good weekend.. . The best part of it? We paid a great price for our stay.. I'd say, but a woman shouldn't boast about her deal-finding skills.. . Not bad, Trump... We had to really be inconvenienced by them to get our money's worth, but the end result wasn't bad.. not too shabby at all.
This hotel's not on the strip but it sure is convenient.  Located right across Wynn and having free shuttle transportation, this hotel is a great place to stay at if you love cooking.  Most rooms have a small kitchenette with two burners.  The place is furnished with pretty much everything you need, including your regular juice glasses and champagne glasses.  They also have the latest late check out in the area -at 4PM!  And that's with no additional charge.  How could you not be pleased with that?  The only reason why I'd give this place a 4 stars instead of a 5 is that there is no casino downstairs, the bar closes at 12pm, and there are no restaurants downstairs/nearby opened 24 hours, and the bed's (and pillows) aren't as comfy as some of the better hotels like the Wynn.
If you have the money and want to get away from the strip and all those pesky tourists and gambling and such, then trump maybe for you! . . Pros: extremely attentive and courteous staff. They will come up to you and ask for any help.. . Spacious suites, we were in suite 6400, right under the Trump sign. Amazing views of Vegas and Nevada! TV's in the mirrors of the bathroom. Comfy chairs. . . Negatives: no general parking, everything is valet. May take awhile on Friday/Saturday night.. . Pool is too shallow and nothing amazing. . . TV is complicated! Couldn't figure how to use or turn off. Left it running. Also wish they had an auxiliary cable to connect to surround sound, wanted to connect my laptop/iphone to play some jams.
In a word.....beautiful!. . I only visited this hotel for a business meeting and I really wished I would have stayed there. Although there is no casino on the property they Wynn is a quick walk (without heels!) down the block. . . When I first walked into the lobby there was an incredible scent and the surroundings were soft and inviting. I quite literally felt transported elsewhere. The room that I saw was very nice with a mini kitchen area and lovely decor.. . I'd stay here in a heartbeat!
This was a decent place to stay, if what you're looking for is a solid luxury room.  If you want a casino on site, no.  It's a bit of a walk to everything, and they have a couple of complimentary shuttles, but they don't run often enough.. . The staff is fantastic however.  The lady who took care of our room was amazingly nice, and quite attentive to our needs.. . Would I stay here again? No, I'd rather be a bit closer to the action.  But for a solid room and great hospitality, it was pretty good.
Obviously, Trump has the reputation of being one of the nicer hotels in the city. For the most part, it didn't disappoint! You don't realize how pervasive cigarette smoke is here until you get to spend time in a smoke-free hotel. The whole place smells wonderful! . Check-in was a breeze. The agent was hell-bent on finding us a better room than the one we originally had. We went from a mountain-view room to a strip-view, considerably higher up in the building. Since Trump offers free late check out (4 pm!), there may be a small wait until your room is ready. . After rocketing up to the 47th floor (holy moly, those elevators are speedy!), we headed to the room. A tip: there will be one set of double doors with two room numbers on it. They lead to a foyer, with separate doors for each room. We were thrown for a minute, not wanting to walk into someone else's room, but no worries. . The room (a one bed studio) was very nice. Comparable to Caesars or the Venetian. As with a lot of these places, you find chips and scratches in most of the furniture (I ended up with a splinter because of that, so watch it!). Maybe I have a weird obsession, but the bathroom was definitely the best part! Gorgeous and very well-appointed. The tub...oh goodness. Enough room for you and 3 of your friends, with jets! FYI, it takes forever to fill. There is a separate, glass enclosed shower, which will also accommodate the friends ;) The TV in the mirror is a nice touch!. Each room has a kitchenette, complete with pots, pans, utensils, a blender, glasses, etc. . Two downsides during our stay: First, they provide down pillows, which, as far as I'm concerned, come straight from Satan. Miserable. Second, there is no self-park, which is fine. In its place, the hotel provides valet, again fine. Except the whole situation is so poorly organized. There's no order, so cars are sitting around willy nilly. Because of this, it takes quite a while for your car to get to you. It would make much more sense to have designated lanes for taxis, incoming cars, outgoing cars and a through lane. Instead, there are no lanes, so it can be a mess. A 20 minute wait for your car is not abnormal.
Best experience ever!! The spa it's great they have a full gym also pool is great and jacuzzi too! Drinks are fine!! Our room it was amazing they have everything you need and nice view too! In the room they all have a bath tube w turbo jets! Also a shower too then they also have microwave  fridge it's like a mini apartment furnish! They don't have a casino and they are a nonsmoking hotel!! For me it's a 5-star hotel all the way!
For my first Vegas trip, I had a great time staying at the Trump Hotel! It's very nice, on the inside and out, the pool was great too! Service was very friendly. I'd definitely stay here again. Only downside was that it is slightly off the strip, and a couple of times the line for the shuttle to Ceasar's Palace was quite long. They should definitely let the shuttle to the Wynn take passengers to Ceasar's if there isn't anyone in line for the Wynn!
Good! They don't have self-parking, but valet is pretty fast. Internet is very good. Microwave, refrigerator, stove look like brand new. We really like that there is no casino here and it's quiet, not like in other hotels.
I must say,this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at. So lets just jump right into it: . . 1) Very nice and helpful staff. Great customer service. . 2) LOVED the late check out - And I don't mean 12pm.. Their late check out is 4pm! Totally loved it. . 3) This hotel is not a casino, but they did have a store downstairs to purchase pills, water, etc. . 4) Since the hotel is not located directly on the strip they have a free shuttle service to the strip. Although it's not right on the strip it is right across the street from the mall. . 5) They also have a shuttle service to the airport for a fee. .  . Now for the room: . We got a simple king size bedroom, but I was impressed by it. The room was equipped with a small kitchenette with stovetop and mini fridge. Stocked with cups, plates, and utensils, which came in handy. There was also a pull out bed. The restroom was pretty large, with dual sinks and a tv in the mirror. Although I didn't get to use the jet tub, it was large enough for 2 people. One thing I didn't like about the restroom was the shower. The shower head was in the huge jet tub. It was awkward because jet tubs are deep with a higher and thicker ledge. The shower head also didn't have enough pressure. . . The only reason I didn't give this hotel 5 stars is because of the location and the shower situation. I wish they would have made a separate shower, the restroom was certainly big enough for it.
Of all our past trips to Vegas, this was the first time ever that we stayed off the Strip. In fact, the Trump is probably the "farthest" we will stay off the Strip since it's only less than a 10-min walk to the Strip.. . The building was originally built as a residence but was converted to a hotel. We originally reserved a studio but thanks to my husband who decided to add in an extra treat for my birthday, he decided to upgrade our reservation to a 1-bedroom suite. There was a kitchen (fitted with a fridge, oven, microwave, electric stove, kettle, toaster, silverware, plates), and a large enough living room with an L-section couch and a 4-seater dining table. The master bedroom has an attached bathroom that is huge enough to fit 2 sinks, a dressing table, a jacuzzi, a shower stall, and a separate area for the toilet bowl. There was a second bathroom in the living room area. It's definitely big enough if our family joined us. The room amenities made our stay very convenient and we were able to eat something quick in the morning our suite before heading to the pool.. . The decor is alright. I'm not sure if "dated" is the right word but it was of the classic type and definitely not contemporary like the Encore at the Wynn where we've stayed during our last two trips. The hallways at the Trump is beige and maybe a little dull... again, not sure if "dated" is the right word because the hotel clearly isn't old, but it's just a little too mundane.. . This hotel is not really a resort-type of hotel so the pool area is just your rectangular shaped pool and guests surround the pool to tan. Again, if I were to compare the Trump with the Wynn and the Encore, the pool over there is almost like a sprawling area in itself. As for the pool area at the Trump, what you see in front of you is all there is to it. Pretty small area but it does its job if you're just there to lay by the pool but be sure to get there early as the chairs get taken up before lunch time.. . There's no casino at the Trump and it's also non-smoking. Literally right across the street is Nordstrom which is part of the Fashion Show Mall. So you can either get to the Strip by walking through Fashion Show Mall if you want to escape the heat, or you can just walk outside along the sidewalk from the Trump to the Strip. For an off-the-strip hotel, the location is very convenient and easily accessible. . . Overall, it's a very good choice of hotel but again, it lacks the hip and modern factor that Vegas is all about. Not a big deal but my heart still has a special place at the Encore at the Wynn :)
I just went downstairs to the front desk with my computer and asked for a 15 page document to be printed out. Morgan Esle, the receptionist asked me to email him and he printed it quickly. He didn't even charge me anything, he just gave it to me paperclipped and delightfully wished me a good evening. Great staff and friendly service!
The staff was very nice, cool room. We booked through hotwire which is great.  It had a refrigerator and free coffee which is good.  It was $100 dollars for the room, but then you have to add on the stupid $25 dollar resort fee.  Unfortunately that is what hotel's are charging now  a day in Reno and worst in Las Vegas.  It was very good, free shuttle service to Caesar's Palace which was good and to the airport.  They do upgrades, but $50 dollars a night was probably not worth it, but they did give us a room on the 59th floor which was cool.
On any given day, I would not give Trump the steam off my piss. But going to Vegas for a bachelor party,  the deal the Trump was offering was hard to resist. The building fits into the Vegas landscape, "in your face, brash all gold everything". After a brief kerfuffle with the check in lady, who nonetheless,  kept her polite countenance throughout, I got the key card to my room on the 54th floor. Massive  1 bedroom suite, with a kitchen and , cooking utensils and cutlery (silverware for my American friends), floor to ceiling glass windows. The bathroom is gigantic, TV in the bathroom mirror, phone in the toilet, hot-tub large enough to fit a small family, massage shower, free wi-fi.. this could be fun, i was saying to myself. Everything was spotless, the flatscreen TV in the room was on the smaller side, with rather limited number of channels, but i guess who goes to Vegas to watch TV? Downside to the hotel, it is off the strip, though there is a shuttle to the Wynn and there is no casino, personally i couldn't be bothered.A major plus, is the $10 non-stop shuttle to the airport. Check out was a breeze, staff most polite and graceful.
They are getting better in some ways and other ways not so much. we have stayed here 6-8 times. They are increasing the room amenities like adding sugar scrub for the bath, bath salts, loofah, mouthwash, shave kits, toothbrushes, slippers, etc...which are nice touches. . Love that this location is so close to the Wynn and fashion mall. I also love their nonstop shuttles to the Wynn and forum shops. It's easy to take the free shuttle to and from forum shops then head out further south from there instead of taking a cab or walking.. . The pool area I think could be nicer... I feel the hot tubs are only ok and kinda smelled weird around them last time we were there. Also the bar used to do an awesome happy hour (still do happy hour but it's not awesome)... U were able to get any specialty cocktail for 5$ ... Now just well drinks. Boo. . . The one bedroom suites come with a very high end little kitchen which is great if u are gonna buy drinks or have leftovers to microwave up or store in the fridge.  We once were craving making blinis and having caviar and champagne to live the high life so we went to the store to buy stuff and made it in the room....For cheap instead of spending 100s on the strip. Super convenient.. . The tv in the mirror of the bathroom is a little gimmicky to me as its not that big or clear so we never use it. . . Utilized the spa for the amenities but didn't have a service, it's a pretty basic bare bones spa.. No soaking tubs just sauna and steam room. . . All and all a solid hotel but doesn't have the whimsy or Vegas charm that other casino-hotels have. .... It smells really nice in  the lobby though...
El Hubby Cakes and I love Trump Hotel!!! It smells so nice and sweet when you walk in the lobby because there's no casino. Love that! The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, it's ridiculous ( in a good away, of course).. . We stayed for the weekend and we got a nice suite with a beautiful view of the strip, large and spacious bathroom with TV in the mirror, which was pretty cool. It had a modern yet homey feel to it. . I just didn't like how the RECEPTION WAS VERY POOR! I had to stand by the window just to txt and get a txt. We also had to charge our phones by the window or else it would take forever to charge because our phones were constantly trying to find signal.. . Other than that, it's a great hotel to stay in!
I loved the Trump for many reasons:. . 1. It's quiet. I needed some sleep, stat.. 2. Jet tubs + TV's in the mirror.. 3. No smoking, no casino, no screens flashing all around you.. 4. Service was almost as good as the Four Seasons. . Why they don't get 5 stars:. . 1. They don't have enough umbrellas or shade by the pool. This is Vegas. I'm pale. And it's hot. My pool time was cut short because of this. Not cool. . 2. The room was void of robes and they ran out of the wine I ordered. However, they did refund my resort fee when I mentioned how I wasn't completely relaxed because of this. . 3. The free wifi was slow. I hate slow Internet. . . I think it's a great hotel if you prefer somewhere a bit off the strip, expect great service and don't want the noise and smell of a casino.
Just got back from Vegas with the hub and our two Chi's.  Yes, the dogs went to Vegas! We got looks from "oh so cute" to "what the..." Hey, can't leave home without them.  But back to the TIH.  We were most impressed.  I love the fact that there is NO Casino upon entering the premises like at the TI or Wynn.  And the fact that it's a bit off the Strip was not a deal breaker. Really, it's a five minute walk if you quicken your steps. And, of course, we enjoyed having the kichenette in our studio and the TV in the bathroom mirror...wow!. . The service was impeccable.  We felt like VIPs and this all happened by the luck of the draw on Hotwire.  We had no idea where we were staying until after we made payment.  When I realized it was Trump, I frowned.  I have my issues with the Donald but I like his stamp on the hotel.. . The thing I didn't like the most was all the fees! There's a $3.00 fee on the $25 resort fee. There's a fee on the fee.  There's also a room tax of $24. Oh please! Then there were other things like when we called for salt and pepper to add taste to our homemade breakfast, they charged $3.90 for delivery. Guess what? They are sitting pretty on my kitchen counter now. And the Wi-Fi did not work the whole time we were there.  Yet part of the resort fee covers it.  So, we paid for nothing.  If you have T-Mobile, you can only make emergency phone calls on your phone.  But they work great when you're outside.  Talk about 'can you hear me now?'. . For those of you who travel with your pets.  They charge $200 not refundable fee and provide a water bowl and complimentary snack.  My snobby Chi's did not like the snack.  Because they spent most of the time in the room, we could not get housekeeping. And we were fine with that.
My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday, can't say enough how we enjoyed our stay here. Very classy, rooms suite style with a little kitchen... Complimentary wifi, water, coffee, and shuttle.... The robes  t.v. and jacuzzi in the restroom are a plus. All rooms have a 2 door entrance, so you don't hear noise from the hallway.... Would defiantly be back...
We reserved this room through the direct site after seeing a pretty good deal for it for Mother's Day weekend.  We were coming here for my dad's birthday and wanted him to show him what Vegas was all about as he had not been there for 5+ years.  The hotel is located across the street from the mall, so if you need to make a quick trip to Nordstrom, it was a very convenient location, though a bit off-strip.  They do have a shuttle that goes to Caesar's Palace, but it's operated during limited hours.  When we arrived we were pleasantly greeted by the Front Desk and offered an upgrade for $50 per night due to a major cancellation.  It was for a one bedroom suite with a view of the pool.  It sounded like a great deal, so we decided to go with it.  Wow, glad we did!  This room was amazing!  My dad was very happy and we really enjoyed our stay here.  The room was very spacious and came with a king sized bed in the bedroom, a couch, and a very uncomfortable sofa bed.  There were even two full bathrooms, one of which the showers could have fit 2 people.  The bathroom was absolutely gorgeous and decorated with a modern touch.  There were 2 flat screen TVs and a table we used for eating and drinking, as well as a little kitchen and full-sized refrigerator.  This room was perfect for pre-partying and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here.  The pool was average.  The pool itself was very hot and was heated like a hot tub almost, so it wasn't very refreshing to be in on a hot day.  The only other downside was that the phone signal in our room was poor or non-existent, but the hotel did make that up to us by comp'ing the resort fee.  Overall, classy hotel at a great value.
I am very satisfied with the quality of this hotel. . . Pros:. - complimentary shuttle service to Caesar and Wynn. - friendly staff. - very clean. - no need to walk through a casino to get to your room. - right across from the fashion show mall. - free bottled water each night you stay. - clean, comfortable rooms. - spacious. . Cons:. - pool is not very impressive, just a normal rectangular pool with chairs all around. - fitness center is not particularly huge. - odd location off the strip (although not far). - mandatory valet parking (get some 1's ready). - if you reserve 1 room for 4 people, do not expect to get two real beds. You will get 1 queen bed and a sofa pull-out bed that feels awful
The bellman TODD was our first impression & might I add he was EXTREMELY courteous, friendly, helpful & AWESOME!  . . Pros:. -Shuttle service to Wynn hotel & Caesars . both of the shuttle drivers were super cool! :). -Customer service is AWESOME. -Big huge bathroom & room. -Awesome views either on or off strip. -CLEAN ROOMS. -Room cleaning service around the clock. -free valet. -no casino in hotel. -connected to mall & food places . . . Cons:. -Insuite Dining prices are a bit pricey, the 24hour dining menu didn't have enough options. -$100 a day charge to stay in hotel not including your room rate plus. -$25 resort fee +$3 convenience charge . -Pool closes at 8pm. -valet can get a bit busy &took forever to get our car to us on 4th of July. Maybe the holiday had something to do with it. -$75 cabana rental :( the umbrella you are "guaranteed" to have didn't keep you out of the sun. . Overall we loved it here. Well done Trump international... Wouldn't come back because we want to stay at other hotels as well.... But this is on our "recommendation" list :)
classy vegas hotel, no gaming
We usually like to stay a little closer to the Strip. This one is not that far, walking distance. But still, it hasn't drawn us in the past. However, this time around, the price was right, especially for a Saturday night in Vegas.. . On the surface, it is a very impressive hotel. There are a lot of features that make it very nice. The jet tub was awesome, and the television in the bathroom mirror was unique.. . However, once I looked past the initial glitz, it lost some flare for me. For example, the wallpaper in the bathroom was poorly put on. It was bubbling and peeling, particularly in the corners. Yes, this doesn't impact the overall experience. You just expect a little more from a luxury hotel like this.. . The pool as nice, at least for families and entertaining. It is small and rectangular. But there is a large shallow entryway on both ends, plus a seating bench that goes along the entire perimeter. And it was already starting to get busy, even at 9am!. . Like many of these hotels, valet is required. It was included with our reservation. However, you still need to have tips available for the staff. Unfortunately, I really had to work to get some money one time. The store inside did not allow cash back, so I had to take money out of the ATM inside (which charges a large fee) and then have the store break the $20.. . With a family, it is nice to find hotels in Vegas that do not have casinos. I don't mind walking through the casinos. But what we have found is that the lack of a casino greatly reduces the number of people just "visiting" the hotel. It cuts down on the traffic inside and around the hotel, which is nice.. . We would stay there again, if we could get another bargain price.
Very nice hotel and courteous personnel !
Very nice hotel. Staff is attentive and helpful. I dont like paying $75 for a non cabana area but I like how its not to overcrowded like most the pools on the strip. No gambling in hotel is also a plus!
Unlike a majority of hotels in the area, there isn't a casino or retail shops in this hotel and they don't allow smoking - all of which are a plus. It's a little off the strip but they have a shuttle to the Wynn & Caeser's Palace that runs until midnight and you can cut through the mall across the street to get to Las Vegas Blvd. when they're open.. . Staying here allowed my girlfriend and I to be able to escape the commotion of Vegas at two very important times of the day - first thing in the morning and later at night when we just wanted to sleep without loud noise, bright lights and the wonderful aroma of stale tobacco - none of which to be found here!. . They gave us two bottles of water daily and had coffee in the rooms (also replenished daily). The small refrigerator, stove, sink, microwave, glasses, paper towels, mugs, silverware, dishes, drink mixer, closet space, small couch, coffee table and desk area gave the room more of an apartment feeling. The king size bed was also very comfortable - didn't sleep on the pullout so I can't say how that was. The fitness room is above average for a hotel and the pool area is nice but I refuse to pay $75 for a cushioned pool chair with pillows that can fit two.. . The room was nice but could use a better dusting job. When we got there, our toilet wouldn't flush but they came and fixed it right away. The only real problem was that we had a problem with our door lock / handle which was fixed after a couple of complaints. As a result, the manager was very apologetic and refunded the resort fee which was nice. The bar, in-room dining menu and spa are pricey so we didn't indulge in any of that - the best way Trump seems to live up to his name is with prices.. . All in all, I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.
We have two young kids and they LOVE staying here. It's close enough to the action and the strip that you feel a part of everything, but the casino-free, smoke-free environment is GREAT for us. The pool is fun, the rooms have most everything we need when we pack in our breakfasts (nice size too), and the staff is always very accommodating and friendly. If we had any complaints, it would be that there's not a coffee shop at the Trump (as far as we know) and the in-room coffee makers are only 1 serving per. We've been 3 years in a row, and we'll continue to come back.
Still my go to spot on the strip, but since they they've changed their policy regarding 4pm check out and have only reserved this for guests who book on their site only I might have to start entertaining some other options.  Either way The Trump is still one badass hotel and offers a lot of bang for you buck!. . Also my apologies to everyone who was accosted by a big asian man at the pool the weekend of August 24-26 2013.  My friends told me we were going to a day club and I was simply acting the part.  Actually I just got way to drunk and turned into a living breathing human hurricane destroying everything in my path.. . #vegasproblems #noragrets #sorrynotsorry
My wife and I stayed 5 nights in Vegas at the Trump Intntl.  My wife is from Brazil and had never seen such a beautiful hotel.  In fact, we were both very impressed.  The room was big and the view of the mountains in the morning was exquisite.  The staff at the hotel was excellent.  I found the food at the hotel only a little bit better than average and it was a little "pricey".  However, since you are 10 minutes away from the strip, your meal choices are limited even with the shuttle that takes you to the Wynn or to the Caesar's.  I loved the pool and my wife loved the spa.  We both appreciated the quietness and classy feeling that this hotel offers.  I would recommend this hotel and I would definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.
Got free room upgrade to bigger suite! Too bad the front desk counter was too busy flirting with co-worker and looked annoyed when I inquired about late check out, in which she said that no late check out because I didn't booked directly with the hotel (BS).  Next day, my wife asked the front desk again and this time they allowed us to check out at 12:30 PM instead 11 AM.  That is why they only get 4 stars.
I did not jump for joy when I had won a bid from Priceline to stay at the Trump International Hotel due to the fact that I haven't heard much about the hotel. But my stay here turned out to be pleasant, and I wouldn't mind returning in the future.. . + Friendly staff. We received a call from the front desk after we entered our room to see if we are happy with everything.. + Walking distance to the fashion mall. If shopping is your thing, then you've come to the right place. The entrance to Nordstrom is a crosswalk away.. + Complimentary shuttle to Caesar's Palace. Runs every 15 minutes until midnight, but I wish they would extend this by an hour or two.. + Spacious room and great in room amenities. Love the huge Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom!. + Gym is clean and smells really nice! Seven to eight treadmills! They even offer yoga class in the morning for $12. Wish I had known about it earlier to take advantage of this.. . = Free valet. My feeling on this is neutral since I'm not a big fan of valet because why pay/tip someone to park when you can do it yourself? I kind of got used to this idea towards the end of my stay. But I still prefer to park my own car. The driveway to this hotel can get a little hectic with people dropping off their cars, waiting for the cars, shuttles, and taxis. This area can definitely be improved.. = Some Yelpers complained about the noise from the train tracks. I actually heard the noise too on my first night. But it didn't affect my sleep at all, and I didn't hear anything on my second night.. . - No magnifying mirror in the bathroom. I really like having those in the bathrooms. And was bummed when I didn't see one. It makes looking at myself a lot harder when I'm practically blind without my contacts. - No casino. Some would see this as a plus, especially if you don't gamble. I don't consider myself to be a gambler at all, but would still prefer to play a game or two here and there.. - Resort fee of $28. Well, they say it's $25 per night, but they bill you another $3 for resort fee tax. . - Terrible phone reception. I had little to no reception in my room on the 24th floor. . . As you can see, the good definitely outweighs the bad. And as I mentioned in the beginning, I wouldn't mind returning in the future.
I have the BEST bridal party EVER! . . My bachlorette party was legit!!  I knew I was going to Vegas with a handful of my favorite girls, but other than that I had no clue where we were staying or the days events.. . When we landed, I thought I heard a gf tell the taxi cab to go to Tropicana.  When we pulled up to the Trump Tower I was blown away!!. . The Good:. *  The hotel does not have a casino so you don't have to inhale second hand smoke.. * No casino means no crazy vibe.  It's the first time I've been to Vegas and was able to unwind and relax!. *  The lobby was very chic with chandeliers and a clean scent.. *  Staff was very accommodating with any/all our needs for the weekend.. . Better:. *  We received VIP service and was able to use the Trump vehicle to get to our destination.. *  The hotel is located across from the mall which houses some of my favorite shops:  Nordstrom, Zara, Topshop, etc.. * Cab rides were inexpensive.  Maybe about $10 to get to the strip.. . The BEST:. *  We were on the 46th floor.  So high that my ears popped when getting to the room.  Which also means that we were so high that we didn't hear the train that other people are complaining about.. * The two bedroom suite was AMAZING!!!!  So huge that we had a foyer!!! Each bedroom came equipped with a kitchenette with sleek stainless steel appliances.  AND we had 3 bathrooms for 9 girls.  No problems getting ready at all!!!. *  The pool was very chic and had cabanas available.. . I would definitely stay here again.  It was such a great experience.. . My only qualm is the fact that one of the rooms smelled like someone lit and smoked a cigarette in it.  We called the front desk and they were able to get staff to spray down the room and to eliminate our resort fees for putting up with it.  Great customer service!
I stayed here this past weekend and I really enjoyed my stay. The staff were very friendly and resourceful. When I had a question they didn't have to go searching for an answer they had one immediately. I LOVE that this a smoke free hotel so I got to enjoy Vegas without a headache from all the cigarette smoke. I also liked that there is no casino, which means it's not rowdy, but it is very elegant. One thing I didn't like was when I needed bedding for the pull out bed it took hours for it to come. But overall I can't wait to stay here again.
3rd time staying at the Trump. Great service from when you pull up complimentary valet parking and easy check in. No smoking and loud casino machines-- Very FAMILY FRIENDLY if you have kids. Rooms are the best 5 Star value you can get on the strip! Tons of service and amenities this hotel offers! Late check out at 4pm!!. . The CONS:. -Rush hour valet waiting times suck. Expect 15-30 mins. - if your room is towards Palace Station, you'll hear a train coming 3-4 times (blowing horn) while you're sleeping. It sounds like it's really outside your window! Really!. - resort fees here are $28 per night. -room service prices and meals are $$$
The Trump was amazing. I like that there is no smoking and no casino within the hotel.  However, I give it 4/5 because for some reason, there is no T-mobile service within the hotel at all. Seriously. None. My sister has Verizon and she didn't seem to have the same problem. The free WiFi was tricky too. And to top it all off the train goes by at all hours of the night. I've stayed up and down the Strip and this has never been a problem at any other hotel. I couldn't believe how loud it was considering we were on the 38th floor. I know some of these things aren't directly the hotel's fault, but just some cons to consider. The staff was very friendly and their kindness didn't seem forced at all. This hotel is valet only. I thought this would be a problem because I hate having to wait for my car to be pulled around, but the service was actually very quick. I never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my car, even when it was busy. Overall I'm very pleased with this hotel.
Great valet service, fast check-in on Friday night, and spacious room. Relaxing jacuzzi and small kitchenette.. That plus smoke free environment! Can't get any better
Stayed at Trump International this past weekend for a couple of days of R&R. The room was much better than expected, nicely appointed and the decor was elegant and spacious. Hot water on demand, large shower and great water pressure. The staff was VERY helpful and courteous, a real plus. Only a couple of minor issues: train noise, shuttle convenience & DJT (their fine dining restaurant). First, I'm a heavy sleeper sothe train wasn't an issue for me, we had a "city view" on the 39th floor. But for my girlfriend who is a light sleeper it awoke her several times a night. Second, the Trump is nice enough to provide a shuttle to both the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Ceasar's. The shuttle to the Wynn was easy but the one to Ceasar's was a bit of a hassle due to the demand and lack of organization. The shuttle would stop at different locations, the demand was high and people were taken onto the shuttle regardless of arrival time. Also, there is no access to the tram anywhere near Trump International. Lastly, we went to the DJT lounge for a cocktail Friday night. Elegant decor, nice atmosphere with the grave exception of a DJ playing loud music that was totally out of sync with the atmosphere and clientele. It actually caused us to choose a different restaurant for dinner and to leave early after one drink. Could hardly hear the waitress and visa versa. No dance floor but for some reason dance music. I like dance music at an after hours "lounge," been to XS at the Wynn and had a great time but the classic elegance of DJT lounge and the pre-dinner hour timing was really questionable. Would have been great if they had a jazz trio or the like. Would I recommend the hotel, yes if you are aware of and ok with the things I've mentioned. The pool is a nice relaxing spot as well and I almost forgot one of my favorite attributes, no smoke filled casino to navigate every time one enters or exits.
Great place! I liked that it doesn't have a casino in it so it's nice and quiet. We got a great price and they were very accommodating of our needs.
this has become one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas: you can usually get a very reasonable rate for a very nice room, which is much larger than typical hotel rooms, and includes at least a small kitchenette.  I don't smoke or gamble, so this place is perfect for me.  There are enough cons that I can't give them 5-stars, but i would still recommend this hotel.. . Pros:. - nonsmoking facility; the hotel is a big breathe of fresh air compared to all the smoke-filled casino hotels. - late check out: don't know how they do it, but since we are Trump-card members (free signup online), we can check out as late as 4pm!  unheard of in the hotel business...so much better then the 10-11am checkout which is becoming more typical.. - price for a room can typically be found for less than $100 (before the resort fee). - I was impressed with the service at  the front desk...very friendly and helpful. . Cons:. - I hate any hotel that has a resort fee; I'm willing to overlook that with the other pros this hotel offers. - the price for anything else here is very expensive (food, spa, etc). - valet parking only. - location is off the strip. - pretty close to a railroad, so some people might be really bothered by late night train whistles (if so, request a room on the East side of the building)
We stayed here 3 nights in large part because they are one of the few hotels near the strip that allow dogs in the room.  The kitchenette (including a sink, fridge, and stove) was very convenient and the view from our hotel room was a pleasant surprise.  I also appreciated the various attempts made by the hotel to customize one's stay based on one's individual preferences (like preferences on room location, temperature, etc).  I would definitely stay here again!  . . I did not give this place 5 stars because I thought the linens were of surprisingly low quality.  Additionally, I was disappointed that the staff was unable to "find" the phone charger I left in the room ($40 value), despite the fact we called them within 1 hour after we checked out and told them we were still in town and could come by and grab it.
I've been into trumps room before but this is my first time actually stay here. I go to Vegas for at least 6 times a year since it's only 4-hour drive from LA. Im kinda a heavy gambler so I've never stayed at a smoke-free and casino-free hotel. I decided to tag along with my friends at last minute so I didn't have a choice. . Pros-. - we did the $20 trick upon check-in and got upgraded to one bedroom suite . - full kitchen in the room with microwave. Big plus for me cuz I eat leftovers in the room in the morning all the time to save time and money, and I do not like to eat cold leftover!. - 2 full bathrooms in the suite. Good for group of friends to share. . - big windows in the room with good view!. - big big Jacuzzi tub in the master bathroom next to a big window. Will definitely enjoy the view and Jacuzzi when I bring my partner here next time =D . - staffs are super friendly. - internet connection is really good in the room.. . Cons-. - since I went with a couple, I slept on the sofa bed in the living. I have to say it is the worst sofa bed ever. Super thin and shorter than usual mattress. Hurt my back so much. It might have been better if I just slept on the sofa. . - I asked for 2 extra blankets. One of them has a big hole (looks burned ). It just looks gross to me. . - phones have really bad signal in the room.. . Will definitely recommend couples to stay in the one bedroom suite for the view and Jacuzzi. Bring some candles too!! . Another tip for people who want to stay at trump in the future. Try to book the room on hotwire for mystery hotel. After electing location and date, choose 5-star, north strip, and smoke-free hotel. Trump is the ONLY 5-star hotel on the north strip without casino. The rate is usually way cheaper this way!! (I have successfully booked trump room for friends through hotwire for half of the regular rate!) . . PS, 5-star hotel on south strip without casino on hotwire mystery hotel is usually Vdara
Loving the room with the view of the strip huge bathtub the most comfty bed I ever been in fridge stove microwave tvs couch only bad thing is the lady took 32min to bring a iron up to my room
The Trump Hotel itself is nice. The rooms are also very nice and comfortable. The only downside is that it has no casino and not many food options in the hotel itself. However, just across the street is a shopping mall with plenty of options. To talk to the strip itself is about a 5 minute walk, and is more towards one end of the strip rather then the heart of it.
No self park but free valet (during the day park across the street @ Macy's if you want self park).. . Dining is pricey but food is good.. . TV has no premium movie channels and remote is old some reception issues.. . Staff is friendly, standard no problems there.. . All in all a comfortable experience with great prices and no smoking. Perfect!. . *think this is my 4th or 5th stay here holding up nicely...
If you are a gambler, don't choose Trump. They don't have casino like other hotels. Other than that, trump can give you the best experience. Please book the suite. It is just amazing. There are two bathrooms in the suite. The jacuzzi is huge and the window is facing The Venetian Hotel. They have shuttle to the strip and they also have personal owner vehicle which you can just tip them instead of paying taxi fee. I have stayed with more than two hundreds hotel, but I have to say Trump has the best customer service. Trust me, you won't regret to stay with trump=D btw, they are very close to the Mall=P
