Stopped in for a weekday lunch. There was a small crowd when we arrived. No menus here. Slices start at $3.00 and it's 50-cents for additional toppings. A full pie is $17. Pizzas are pre-cooked, you make your selection based on what's available and it's tossed in the pizza oven for a few minutes to heat it through and crisp the crust.. . We tried the pepperoni, the onions and peppers, the white pizza and the sausage and meatball. The total with two diet cokes was 22.16.. . We stood at the counter and enjoyed our slices. Nicely crisp (slight char) chewy crust, light sauce and gooey cheese. The least favorite slice was the sausage and meatball -- bland meats. The favorite was the onion and pepper slice.
Solid pizza for a very affordable price. I think I spent about $3 for a decently sized pizza slice. Buying a bottle of coke is about the same price if you walk back out to one of the Cosmopolitan stores in the mall.. . Pizza tastes as good as they look. Not overly greasy, but  flavorful. Give some props to the pizza makers. They make a good pizza pie. There's some quality ingredients for what you pay for.. . If you're around the Cosmopolitan and want to fill up without breaking the bank, definitely check this place out. It's hidden up in the 3rd floor through a hallway behind the pool table area.
Shhhhhh! can you keep a secret?  . . We stumbled upon a secret pizzeria in the new Cosmopolitan hotel.. . It was 3 in the morning and we roll in jonesin for some food.. Nico was such a sweetheart, he told us stories, listened to ours, and gave us advice on life, love, and all things worldly.  He was like an elder teaching us life lessons while he kneaded dough and turned it into pizza for us!. . It literally turned from this...... .        )   (    ).     (     ___     (.        _.'      `._  ).      .'               `..   _(________)___. . Into this...in a matter of 20 minutes.                                .                . ------------..                \-------------/.                 \%=@%%/.                  \ O%O%/ .                   \%(_)O/.                     \ *%8/.                      \&8/.                        \*/. . Great pizza, nice crust, and awesome company.  Nico hooked us up and managed to teach us about life all in 30 minutes.  He made me feel like I was in Italy and if this was his pizzeria he'd have given us the pizza for free!  Nico made our trip a memorable one.
I wish this place could stay a secret forever. . . Had it not been for my fellow yelpers I would have never found this place. Like everyone else has said-it's down a long hallway of album covers with a pinball machine at the end thinly sandwiched between 2 other restaurants on the 3rd floor, behind the game area. If you really need anymore help, just go to the Cosmo's website and look at the building floor plans. It can be pretty hard to find. . . At the end of the skinny, slightly creepy hallway, it's as if you've set foot in the type of pizza shop you see pretty much everywhere except Las Vegas. . It's $3.00 a slice, which may seem steep but by the standards of The Strip that might as well be free (The Strip is the place where bottles of water can be as high as $4.00 and the dollar menu doesn't even exist at McDonald's people).. . They offer parmesan, oregano, garlic powder, red pepper flakes and pepper on the tables, which is perfect but at the same time rather unnecessary - this pizza is good enough without flavor enhancement. The crust is so good, it's burnt enough to be really crispy, but not burnt enough to just taste.....burnt. The cheese was bubbly and piping hot. My only gripe is that it was a little bit too greasy, but I'm willing to overlook that. . . Two slices of pepperoni pizza and drink (with as many free refills as you want) came out to be: $10.81. Not bad at all for The Strip.. . Let's hope this stays a ~*secret*~ for as long as possible, and let's hope that when it eventually stops being a secret that the owners won't see that as reason to jack up the prices. *sarcastic grin*
This is really good and inexpensive pizza!. . So I was looking for great pizza and turned to Yelp for advice and as always they were right about the Pizzeria @ The Cosmopolitan. . . When you go to The Cosmopolitan there are absolutely no advertisements for this place. Some people like to search the Casino, but I cheated and ask someone that works at the hotel. (I would say the location, but that would give away all of the fun of looking for it. Read another review for the location. . . By the guy's expression, you feel apart of a special club of people who know about the Pizzeria. . . I had a peperoni, sausage and green pepper slice that was amazing. It is just the perfect combination of sauce, cheese, and crust. . . Next time I am in the hankering for a slice, I'll come here.
You know, this place is good, but....if one were to believe the reviews here, it would seem as though glorious slices of heaven were handed down from Mount Olympus by radiant angels making water from wine with flour, yeast and pepperoni as someone hands their money over the counter.. . It's good....and it was fun to check in here...but it's not the BEST PIZZA EVER!!!. . That said, if you're walking on the strip towards the city center and feeling a hankering for some very tasty pie, walk into this casino and look for that tube-style elevator near the back quarter of the casino floor.  It will, once one completes the journey to the 4th floor, deposit you mere feet from the unmarked entrance of this really nifty find.. . I wonder, given the success the whole lets-make-it-a-treasure-hunt sort of thing, if other casinos will start to hide random businesses in the nooks of their properties?
Truthfully, the pizza is only worthy of 3 stars but the rest of the experience gave it that extra star.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza slices are large NY style and are pretty tasty, especially for the Vegas Strip but they aren't all that amazing either.  However, it was fun finding the place and walking through the hall of record covers and listening to the amusing pizza chef with the thick accent yelling "pow! pow!" as he waxed poetic about his white cheese with ricotta and cold slices of tomato pizza which he dubbed the "waiting for the sunset" pizza.  It's a great place to grab a cheap late night meal if you don't feel like leaving the hotel.  Free refills on soda is a big plus as well!
Great new york style pizza. Some of the toppings are not what you expect. The sausage and meatball are actually shaved which gives it a nice consistency. Before they serve your pizza, they give it a toast which makes the thin crust crispy. Real nice.
Mmmm. Reminds me of the pizza back in NYC, where I'm from. And I have high standards when it comes to pizza!. . The first time we passed by, it was about 1am and the line was wrapped down the hallway and around the pool table. We went back the next day for a quick bite after some shoppingand we were glad we did.  . . I'll definitely be back for more, as most of the pizza in Vegas is inedible.
Thanks to Yelp, I found out about this place. . Although it's not my favorite pizza in all of Las Vegas, it's my favorite pizza anywhere on the Strip.  . Very good quality cheese, very thin crust, just wish the sauce was slightly more flavorful.  It's very difficult to find this NY style pizza in southern Nevada.  Many reviewers made note of the white cheese, and that looked sooooo good also, but I got 2 regular cheese slices.  Next time, I'll try the white cheese slices.
Yummy pizza for reasonable prices! Thank you fellow Yelper for finding this hidden gem....literally! :) ~$3 - $5 per piece. ~$17 and up for whole pies. We got the pepperoni, mushroom and meatball pizza for ~$23. There were 10 big slices. Mos def worth it!
After a night out, this pizza really hits the spot. It starts with a really good base of freshness, a kick-ass sauce, and good cheese. I got a pepperoni and I wanted a whole pie after trying a slice.. . My only issue is that this place while super-delicious, the pizza is on the greasy side. It's a little rich and fatty. Also, I had streaks of oil dripping down my wrist, so be careful if you're in your nice clubbing clothes.. . 4.5 Stars.
They are located down an inconspicuous hallway right next to Blue Ribbon Sushi. The hallway is covered in really cool old Italian records.. . The prices are totally reasonable, and the pizza was great. I had a slice of the white pizza, and my husband had a slice of the  sausage pizza & the pepperoni. All three were delicious. Super thin crust, tasty toppings, and they heat it up for you, so the cheese is extramelty.. . There are not a lot of places to sit, but it just adds to the big city, pizzeria atmosphere that it seems they are trying to create.  The staff was really friendly also.  It is definitely worth checking out while you are in Vegas.
The only reason I found this place was because of Yelp. It is not listed in any of the free directories you get or even on the directories at the Cosmopolitan! Like the other reviews said down a hallway lined with record covers to the left of the sushi place. . . For about $4 a slice it is pretty reasonable. It is NY style pizza so it's large and thin. I thought it was okay, not the best but for the price in Vegas makes it a lot better. They do charge you just as much for a red solo cup for pop which is a little ridiculous, but I guess anywhere for drinks is pretty pricey for the most part.. . If you're in the neighborhood I would stop by but wouldn't recommend going out of your way to find this place as I saw lots of equally delicious looking pizzas on the Strip.
Fresh toppings and decent pizza dough.  Perfect when most other places are closed.  Beer is served too.
Fresh toppings and decent pizza dough.  Perfect when most other places are closed.  Beer is served too.
Great slice, charismatic staff, awesome prices.
Delicious and something to be said about the thrill of the chase! Great crust, great cheese, sauce is not bad but not great, but all in all very recommended!
Had the white pizza and it was heaven! super thin and floppy just how I like it....yum!
Pretty amazing, i must say. Slices are huge, and tastes like it just came off a flight from NYC. Service is okay. A couple of the emp's aren't so nice. But overall, this pizza is definitely legitimate.
Tasty pizza. No thrills. Just pizza! I wanted to call ahead a whole pie order but was unable to get thru. That kinda sucked. A Yelper was complaining about the price of a pie being $40.00, not sure how many toppings she ordered, but when I asked how much a pie is the cute girl said it starts with a cheese pizza at $18.50 and each additional topping is $2.50 (PLEASE DON'T QUOTE THOSE EXACT numbers). The price is typical for a pizza shop, not Pizza Hut, not Little Casears, this isn't generic pizza.
I LOVE pizza, so when I heard that there was a "secret" pizza place at the Cosmopolitan- I had to try it.  Of course, it isn't so secret anymore, but it is hidden.  I knew what I was looking for, but still walked right past the hallway leading to the deliciousness. . . There is no menu, no prices listed.  You just look at the topping selection and create your pizza pie, or order by the slice from the selection laid out.  We ordered a whole pizza (half white with an amazing garlic spread and the other half  was pepperoni, mushroom, onion, and bell peppers).  We waited a while for it because there seemed to be only 1 worker at the time who was assisting other patrons at the same time he was building our pizza.  But, that was OK, because there was a pinball machine to keep me entertained while I waited.  And it was well worth the wait. It totally hit the spot.
Holy little baby Jesus! This place is awesome! Ridiculously good. Awesome decor. Now... the only problem is finding it. But I think that may be a good thing lest it be overrun by drunk hillbilly's with giant blenders of frozen goop.
After reading other yelp reviews on this place I decided to head down after work.true to what other yelpers gave stated, it is difficult to find.I decided to try the white pizza, which has no sauce and has garlic and ricotta cheese. chatted up the cute redhead cashier who's name I did not catch(hi, if you're reading this) and enjoyed my slice.the slice was greasy as hell and tasted good. it definitely is worth a repeat though.
Down a hidden hallway at The Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas, with records covers lining every each of it, tucked away is this secret pizzeria. A secret pizzeria that isn't too secret anymore. . No menus, no prices, just pizza slices and toppings to choose from to create your own pizza.. Its a small place, with a NY feel, a few bar stools, a pinball machine, another video game and delicious pizza!. Next time I am in Vegas and have a craving for pizza, I will definitely come back!
Ok-I'm adding another star for redeemed customer service by the one girl who works there and has been at the register the past two times I've went. Leave it to a woman to get it right! . . She's super nice and friendly and gives great recommendations. We both agreed as fans of traditional red sauce pizza, the white pizza here will change your opinion about white pizza. Period. I like to get mine with tomato and sprinkle oregano on it (they have shakers all over the counters). I've yet to have a bad slice here, however if you eat like a four year old like myself, might I recommend wearing a napkin bib? The grease can be a little much and those stains don't come out of shirts. . . Pizzeria: I. LOVE. YOU.
Simplicity is the best way to describe this place, nothing fancy, no flashing lights, just good New York style pizza and beer. This pizzeria is really cool, it is hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, there's no sign or anything, just a long hallway that leads to pizza heaven. . . They sell the pizza by the slice or you can buy a whole, there is a couple of beers on tap as well. Slices are decently sized and thin and very good. I was going to get a regular pepperoni pizza, however I was quite intrigued when I saw the ricotta cheese pizza. I wasn't sure if I would like the taste, so one of the employees was kind enough to let me try some of the ricotta to make sure that I would enjoy my slice of pizza. After trying the cheese and discovering how delicious it was I decided to give it a shot. I ordered a Pabst Blue Ribbon and a slice of the ricotta pizza, pizza and beer is always a good combo and the pizza did not disappoint. There is a counter, some seats, a couple arcades and televisions to keep up on the sports. . . Overall this a good place to stop by for a quick eat, and something very affordable without emptying your wallet like so many places in Vegas will leave you.
Pizza was great (had the Margherita)!  The calamari was EXCELLENT!!!!!  Best calamari EVER!  Everytime I go to vegas I am getting the calamari!  EVERYTIME!!  . . The only thing I hated was the seating arrangement.  I like a place with a lot of booths.. . Service was great and drinks were nice and strong ;)
We looked all over the place and still didn't see anything that looked like a pizza place.  We finally had to ask, and I still didn't believe it until I turned the corner and saw the pizza ovens.  . . The long dark hall, framed on either side with old album covers was a bit nostalgic,  I could see a video game, one of those older arcade types, and a flat screen, but once inside and around the corner, a mall counter and several large pizza's laid before use  to choose our slice, pepperoni with meatball. . . It was reheated and not bad, it actually retained a good crust, not soggy at all.  We must have been there at just the right time because there wasn't a line, and only three other people around.  I had read there could be a long line and wait A definite must try kind of place.
Pizza is more like 3.5 stars but I'll upgrade it to 4 stars for the "coolness" factor of having absolutely no signage or advertising.  You just gottan know where the place is...through word of mouth or yelp I guess?. . The mushroom slice was just okay, although I did enjoy the cheese a lot.  It was the meat combo slice that won me over, however.  What a nice combination of flavors!  I would definitely get this again.. . Slices were $4 apiece which is okay I guess but don't you dare order a soda.  It comes in a plastic red cup filled with ice and they charge you $3.25 for it.  No thanks!
If you want NY style pizza, find this place and order one.. . Classic NY style pizza, done quite well.  I prefer the straight cheese pizza, but their specialty is the "white" pizza, which is also very good.  takes about 20 minutes to get a pizza, or you can opt for a slice or two.  If it's after the clubs start closing down, who knows how long you'll be waiting.. .  . It's on the 3rd floor in a small hallway to the left of Jalio (or however its spelled).  Small place, basically stand and eat.  They do have Hipster brew on tap though.  Reasonable prices and great flavor.. .  . Also, the Cosmopolitan in general is probably the swankest place in Vegas right now.  I really dig it and it's a fun place to hang out.
We were having a party and got hungry so we headed down to grabbed some za! . . Got two large pizzas, a pepperoni and a sausage which came up to $40. We didn't wait too long for some fresh pie and was able to get it up back to the party in no time. They also hooked us up automatically with plates and seasonings without asking.. . The pie itself was pretty good. In particular the sauce did it for me and the crust is decent. My BF usually leaves crust, but I noticed he ate his too. Everyone at the party was happy and full so no complaints from everyone there as it hit the spot. . . However, I wouldn't say I would go to the strip for some pizza alone. It's something I would eat if I was here and couldn't be splurging on the higher end options on the property.
For those who don't know, pizza & a coke/pepsi is probably my favorite meal of all time! Pizzeria did not fail me =]. . After we got our hand stamps at Marquee, we were hungry and decided to seek this place. It is a bit difficult to find, we found the pool table but couldn't find Blue Ribbon Sushi =( but we finally found this place when we saw people walking out of a hall way eating pizza, BINGO! . It is located near the pool tables, on the 3rd floor to the left of Jaleo's, which is a pretty loud restaurant. Blue Ribbon Sushi was closed, so that made it even harder to find, and also it's not too far from the back entry to Marquee. Hope that helps! Or just be on the lookout for people holding pizza/pizza boxes =]. . I ordered a slice of a pepperoni and sausage pizza, bf ordered pepperoni, sausage, & mushroom pizza, and of course we got a cup of coke, total came out to about $16.. . The pizza is huge (duh it's NY style) & was very satisfying. The crust wasn't as crispy as I'd like but it was still good. . . I'd definitely come back here next time I hit up Marquee =) Good luck finding this place!!
Delicious. I loved walking down the hallway and looking at all the records. I agree with others who say if you see the Pool Table your headed in the right direction. The mystery of no prices and how small it is adds to the experience. My Crust was chewy but purposely chewy. The pepperoni's did have a spicyness to them. They have 2 beers on tap which none were to my liking so i stuck with Orange soda, and Free refills are a plus. Seating is Minimal INSIDE but there are places to sit when you walk back out of the hallways. MMMMMHMMM No Complaints here.
1 star for being open until 4am, which is pretty much when I stumbled into the Pizzeria with my friend.. 1 star for having super friendly workers even at this hour.. 1 star for being in a kickbutt hotel.. 1 star for a decent version of NYC pizza in Las Vegas (albeit a little too oily and salty).
Pizza was just so-so but a great escape from all the casino and Vegas strip craziness.
Discovered this place after asking a bartender in the casino where we can grab a slice.  He told us, which is a good thing, as it's not marked, nor  obvious when you pass the hallway leading to the pizzeria, nestled among very nice restaurants on an upper floor.  That fact alone made it fun.    We had some late night slices which were cheap and very, very tasty.  So much so we went back the next day for lunch.   . . If you're in the area and want a great, NY style slice, seek this place out.  . . I'm a definite fan.
3AM greasy NY style fold that shit over and wash it down w/ a PBR goodness for $8.75 total.  At the Cosmo of all places too.  Delicious.
I love this place. it is hidden down a small hallway between Blue Ribbon & Jaleo. Its really small, has almost no seating, and a very small simple menu. The pizza was great, i really liked the white pizza and the "meat lovers" was pretty damn good too,most likely the best slice on the strip. 2 beers on tap in red solo cups. vintage Vegas pinball machine and Galaga! All i could think of was how great this place would be drunk as hell late at night.
This place is literally hidden. If a concierge hadn't told me about it, I never would have found it.. . Great pizza with a decent price for Vegas (about $5). Its right next to Marquee, so you can leave and get a slice then go back to dancing. . . They had about 4 choices at a time, and warmed it up within a few minutes.. . Unfortunately, there isn't really any seating. So you have to stand next to counters or over a pinball table. Or go out to the lounge couches outside of the pizza place to sit. . . I enjoyed it, but a few girls complained of a stomach ache after. Maybe they just aren't used to pizza.
Hard to find, poor signage, but I totally love this place. Keep asking for directions until you find it. It's worth it. Just great old style pizza in a super funky backroom of a super fancy hotel, but the staff is in on the joke and having a blast. No place to sit really, but that is okay. You are here for a quick slice or two, a PBR from the tap, and then back to the Strip refreshed and refueled!
This not-so-secret pizzeria in the Cosmopolitan is pretty delish!. . I suppose it was pretty easy to access this spot considering I was pretty sloshed after Marquee. Its on the 3rd floor near Comme Ca in a hallway...filled with people. So, just follow the crowds =). . What I ordered: . . - a slice of the NY style white pie! There were chunks of goat cheese and it tasted as though it was drenched with truffle oil (so yumz). . again, my senses were impaired but the flavors still shined through!
You might need the SEAL team who found Bin Laden to guide you to this place but once you get here you will be happy you found it. You won't find the location on any of the interactive maps at the Cosmopolitan. At check in they told us about this place and we literally walked around on the third floor for 5 minutes just trying to find it. I am not even sure this place has an official name although it has been tagged as the Pizzeria. Pizza is served piping hot from the oven NY Style. Drinks are served from the fountain in plastic cups. The lady who took our order was confused about the pizza choices which was actually quite impressive given there were only 4 on the table and two of them were clearly cheese and pepperoni. I hope her food knowledge improves or she may be stuck here a long time before she makes it to the Outback. Apparently this place is pretty busy at 3 am in the morning for the club crowds and is good for a late night snack. Search this hidden gem out in the Cosmo. You won't disappointed!
Pizzeria has it all figured out.  We ended up here after a night at Marquee and it totally hit the spot.  The place is rather hidden, you have to walk through a little hallway to get to the place, and from what I can recall, unless I was fairly buzz, I don't recall any huge signs showing that it was there.. . The pizza isn't pizza hut pan crust, or any of this special chicago pizza that you'd crave from zachary's, just your plain jane new york style pizza.  However, from a night out of dancing and drinking, pizza sounds unbearably delicious.
This was pretty good.  A lot of people have raved about how fantastic it was and I wouldn't say it was fantastic, but I would say it was good.  It really is similar to getting a slice in NYC...nothing incredible, but a quick and easy way to satisfy a pizza craving.  It's also very cheap so it's nice to have this as a an easy option for a snack.
people call this is a secret pizza place at cosmopolitan because you can't find it if you don't ask people. there is no sign for this place....but this is a cool place! they have very good pizza there!!! and cheap too. we ordered 3 pcs which cost about $12. it is a very small place in between restaurants. there is a hall way to go in but no sign and no name at all.
So while in Vegas, Cella P and her boyfriend tell us - you need to get pizza from secret pizza.  come again?. . So this place is in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  There are no signs, nothing listed in the directory.  You just have to know where it's at.  You go down a random hallway and it opens up to what looks like a pizza joint in NYC.  no menu, no anything.. . Since Cella P and her boyfriend were supposed to meet up with us, Liezl E and I just waited in line.  Well, after a few texts back and forth, they weren't coming and we were already in line to try this pizza, so hey, how about we buy a whole pizza and bring it back to the house?  Sure!. . We ordered a whole pie - standard pizza - half with pepperoni and half just plain cheese.  I had some of both - the sauce, the cheese, the dough.  SO GOOD.. . If you want to attract some drunks and crazies, just walk through the Cosmo and out on to the strip to Planet Hollywood (which is where are car was parked)  We got a lot of "I'll give you a dollar for a slice" and "where did they get that pizza". . We all enjoyed the pizza, and I'll definitely be back to the random place inbetween two restaurants when I'm in vegas later this month.
After yelping pizza in vegas, this little "pizzeria" came up. . . Everyone said it was hidden (read below), and boy was it ever. It's impossible to find without asking someone and is located down a very little hallway between all these fancy restaurants on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan. . . Finding it alone was a little adventure, but even more rewarding because the pizza was tasty. I tried a slice of the plain cheese and a slice of the white (so much garlic). Would go again!
The COOLEST!
I don't see how you can give this place anything less than three stars. Three if you think the pizza is horrible, four if think it's decent (hence my four stars), and five if you think it's great! . . This place is just such a novelty at the Cosmopolitan. Like others have mentioned, it's hidden away amongst all the other restaurants on the third floor, with no signage, and I think no actual to name to it. You probably wouldn't even eat here unless you're drunk (which was the case w/my two trips here on a debaucheries LV weekend) or broke (this is definitely the cheapest food you'll find in this hotel). . . Like I said, i thought the pizza was decent. Of course I was drunk on night 1 when I devoured a slice of cheese & on night 2 when I had some sort of Greek style pizza (it had gyro meat & feta). They seem to churn out pizzas pretty quickly & there are several varieties to choose from at any given time. . . They also have two beers on tap (one is Pabst and I forget the other one, but it's something cheap) as well as fountain soda, which sounds FANTASTIC at the end of the night. Both are served in those AWESOME red SOLO cups synonymous with kegs.
WHO: Any one of you who are craving pizza past midnight! =). . WHERE: Inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, on the 3rd floor. It is literally A HOLE IN THE WALL! I had to ask one of the front desk men where it was! There is no sign whatsoever, so asking is the safest way!. . WHEN: I have no idea when it closes, but it closes late! We went at 2am, and there was still a line to order!. . WHY: Thin-crust pizza is the way to go, THAT'S WHY!. . WHAT: Standing in the line, I was looking for some sort of menu, but there actually wasn't one! I was somewhat confused because I am so used to there being a menu explaining it all!. . When you get up to the counter, there are toppings you can choose from to make your slice of pizza to your liking, or there are also pre-made slices you can get! I just chose one of the pre-made slices that looked pretty interesting!. . On my pizza, along with the mozzarella cheese, there was another type of cheese that I didn't get to remember, but it was REALLY GOOD! I also had mushrooms and green peppers.  I did get to try the White Pizza from my friend!! That was actually one of the most unique slices of pizza I have ever tried!! Instead of marinara sauce, there was some type of garlic sauce under CHEEESE, CHEESE, AND MORE CHEESE! =D. . *NOTE: Try it out after all that partying one night! The line might scare you off, but it's okay- the line went by fairly fast!
SOOOO Good!!!. . Pizzeria is a tiny little pizza joint on the 3rd floor of The Cosmopolitan.  I don't recall even seeing signs for it.  Someone told us about it so that is how we happened to find it.  . . We first attempted to order on a Saturday night...well...Sunday morning after Marquee Night Club and were standing in line when I was plowed over by a very intoxicated Australian man.  After gaining my composure, he plowed me again.  Before I killed someone, I made the decision to come back later.  So my point here is...if you go late night, your experience may not be so pleasant as this place attracts the overly intoxicated/drugged.. . My second attempt, which was late on a Sunday night/Monday morning, was much more pleasant.  The pizza guys aren't very friendly and I am pretty sure not one of them cracked a smile.  The girl who was taking orders, etc. ,though, was quite pleasant and tolerant of the late night clientele.. . The pizza is delicious.  It is the thin crust, not overly greasy, cooked to perfection, perfect cut slice kind of pizza that is so rare to find!!!  Some of our crowd went back for seconds and to try different flavors.  I had the supreme and could not have been happier.. . I will definitely be returning to Pizzeria for more pizza on my next visit to Vegas!!!
Traveling down a hallway between two fancy restaurants at Cosmopolitan, who would've known that a simple little pizzeria existed.  The pizza was perfect with a light crisp and the perfect amount of drizzly cheese.  The folks at Pizzeria were welcoming and genuinely happy to see you.  I loved that!
This pizza puts the 'zing in AMAZING!!!!!!!. . I haven't had pizza-by-slice this good since NYC... for those who don't think it's possible, make the trek out here to this truly, truly hidden spot inside the Cosmopolitan (behind STK).. . By the way, they will deliver to your room if you bribe them. Just sayin...
Great slice of pizza for a great price.  My wife and I had been at the pool all day and we were starving.  It was about 4:15 and we were waiting for the Wicked Spoon Buffet at 5:00.  I told her that I had read about this 'hidden' pizza place upstairs.  She took the bait and said that a slice to share might be the perfect appetizer before the buffet.  Like I said, we were starving.  We headed up the escalator to the 3rd floor and found the hallway and headed on in.  One slice for $3.75 was the most perfectly cheap and delicious appetizer to tide us over.  I mean, wow!  The slice was big and the crust was very crisp.  It tasted great!  We don't make it down to the strip very often so I was glad we hit this up even for a quick slice.
This is a very cool hidden gem in the new Cosmopolitan Casino.  You won't find this small pizzeria unless you know exactly where to look.  Next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant on the 3rd floor, there is a hallway decorated with old album covers.  Walking down this hallway will lead you to the pizzeria.  You can order an entire pizza or get a previously prepared pizza by the slice.  You can also add toppings to a slice of cheese pizza and they'll warm it up and blend in the extra toppings.  They have PBR and Dogfish 90 beer on tap.  The restaurant is inexpensive and the pizza is delicious.  The pizzeria is sparsely decorated with a few chairs, a pinball machine and some stand up bar tables to eat your pie.  This is the best place I've been to on the strip to order a quick inexpensive slice of pizza.  The employees are very helpful with good advice on what to order.  Pizzeria ambiance-3 stars, Food-4 stars, Strip Value-5 stars, Service-5 stars.
I dig this place!  The pizza is a little crunchier than I like and the crusts are inedible, but it is still pretty damn tasty.  And the ambiance is fun!  Stand in line with other drunk people. Scream the lyrics to some 80's hair band song. Eat some pizza, play some pinball.  It's fun!. . They have PBR and Stone IPA on tap.  It can get crowded but they had plenty of pizza to go around when I came.  Check it out!
It is by no means the best pizza I have ever had, nor is it the best pizza by the slice, but I personally love the idea that they don't advertise, and you have to walk down a little hallway to get it. . . The novelty of this place is what earns it four stars. Knowing about this little place makes me feel like I'm part of an exclusive club (or at least a club that 187 other yelpers know about). . . I tried the mushroom and white pizza. Both were delicious thin crust style pizza. The mushrooms on top my pizza were particularly delicious. And at $3-$4 a slice this is probably one of the best deals in Vegas, and definitely the cheapest meal that I saw in the Cosmopolitan.
The allure of knowing something that only the "in the know" know has played into human behavior in seeking out food and drink since the time "Joe sent me" got people through the speakeasy door. Given the pizza joint at The Cosmopolitan is not listed in any of the hotel's customer collateral nor is it advertised on property and one has to both know it is there and how to get to it, my hubby and I figured this would be more the myth of "secret place" hype than good pizza. Happily, we were wrong.. . Finding ourselves at the Cosmopolitan about 1:30 in the afternoon one day last week and hungry for just a little something, we went to the Pizzeria. What we discovered is this teeny place makes really good pizza. In fact, my Brooklyn born and reared hubby thought it a good rendition of New York style pizza and coming from him that is high praise. It was the chewy, foldable crust, he said, and just the right amount of sauce and cheese. . . A generous slice was about $3.50 so a good value for Las Vegas eats. Pies are sold whole too. . . The VERY little pizza shop has standing at counter space for maybe eight - and another two spaces that are low enough to be used by both people in wheelchairs and shorter people...love universal access like that. . . But you could not get my claustrophobic self to stay in that little space to eat, so we walked to the lobby outside the Pizzeria and enjoyed our slice in that "game room" setting with a pool table, board games, low tables, chairs and sofas scattered about and multicolored glass litceiling above. . . And here goes a nod to the very nice Security guy who walked over to talk to us. "Oh oh" I thought, "we're probably not supposed to be eating pizza here." But as it turns out, he wanted to simply ask how we liked the pizza and being from New York himself, he agreed with my hubby that it was very good indeed. He introduced himself as Chris (Cosmopolitan staff do not wear name tags - a tactic that is part of a service strategy to get the employees to introduce themselves to guests) and asked if he could answer any questions about The Cosmopolitan for us. That kind of friendly approach from customer facing employees was consistent with every one of our experiences at the hotel, by with way, with the exception of the staff at the Chandelier Bar on the second floor.  ( But that's another review.)  We made sure to leave the lobby table as clean as we found it. . . Pizzeria opens at 11a.m. and stays open until sometime in the wee hours of the morning. . . Here's how to get there (see photos included to illustrate): . . a) Take the elevator near the Chandelier Bar to the third floor. When the doors open you'll see the lounge with the pool table in front of you. . . b) Make a hard right hairpin turn as you exit the elevator and you'll be in the short hallway that leads to the tiny Pizzeria.  You'll see a pinball machine at the end of the hallway. ( If you make only a right turn as you exit the elevator, you'll end up at the hallway that dead-ends in a concourse of meeting rooms. Ask me how I know that. :-)  A hairpin right is the thing. ). . c) The pinball machine you'll see in front of you as you make the hairpin turn is actually at the entry to the pizza place.. . So there you go!  Mangia!
What's this hidden dark hallway on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo? Look, there's a pinball machine at the end and drunk people waiting for something. There's not even a name anywhere.. . Walking down the hallway, you suddenly smell pizza. Hungry barefooted girls in line and drunk guys talking to themselves. That pizza looks godsend when you're intoxicated. I wasn't even drunk and it looked good.. . I opted for the sausage/pepperoni slice. It was like $4! It was salty as ocean water man! I was gulping soda afterwards, good thing there were unlimited refills. It wasn't bad but this doesn't touch real NYC pizza at all. Nothing comes close. It's filling though.
I really want to give this amazing Hipster Hangout 5 stars but the fact that it was PACKED means that the cat was out of the bag. I was excited to see a line full of hipster youth and it definitely has a New York feel to it.. . I didn't mind waiting in line and checking out the old school album covers on the walls along with the pinball machines and 80's music blaring. The pizza itself was actually really tasty. It was greasy as hell but didn't taste or feel too greasy. At around $3 a slice and red cups for the PBR/IPA this place really took me back to drunken college nights in NYC. . . The Cosmopolitan has won my heart as a drunken strip hangout. The fact that this pizza place is hidden just makes it that much more quirky and interesting. Can't wait to head back!
the set up of pizzaria reminds me of burger joint @ le parker meridian in new york. hidden behind an unmarked hallway in a posh hotel you'll find legit food at an affordable price. this place is really tiny. i counted 4 bar stools and 2 counters for standing. 3-4 dollars per slice is kinda steep but considering its location/food quality, definitely worth the money. $3 for a fountain drink is no bueno.. . the pizza was really good. top notch ingredients, perfectly baked crust, and everything was piping hot. the service was meh. when my friend asked if they had a menu the guy scoffed "pizza" and walked away. hence, the 4 stars.
Thank you for being open so late, you saved our lives.. . The pizza I had came with ricotta, sausage, and perppercinis.  Super tasty business.. . It did take a while to get the pies, I think they were making them freshso you can't complain that much.
I do love my pizza, especially after a few drinks with my vision, thoughts, and overall functionality a bit distorted. @ $3.25 a slice, the servings are decent and it's nice to know that everything is made right in front of you. Don't come expecting some crazy gourmet, overly extravagant pizza; it's totally the opposite.. . Recommendation: Enjoy after drinking for extra pleasure
hidden away in the cut..  down a hallway.. just follow the pizza smell..   pretty good.. fast service.. good price
Ah Las Vegas, where the lights tell everyone where everything is, for how much... "RIBEYE $6.99!" ".1 SLOTS" "PAMELA $40!".... the things that make Vegas-Vegas.. . I usually find myself wandering the streets of LV with co workers on a nightly basis (usually during the months of April - June) and usually not the same ones every night either, so every night is a new night. And one night someone suggested "The Hidden Pizza Place at the Cosmo" so intrigued (and hungry) I said "MEOW" which in our terms means...well a number of things, but in this instance it meant ok.. . So being that only one person had been here and more than likely was intoxicated while going, only knew how to get us to the Cosmo, after that it was like Beer Feast where I thought to pour a liter of Goldschlager down his throat to make him remember so I didn't have to stand between a rave bar and a place that smelled delicious. But forward we went with our caravan of folk in tact. . . Upward and onward, through the chandelier bar, past Marquee, and around the corner from burgers we had found it. . . like the bright tunnel of light you see after you die.... . . I love it for a few reasons and here they are:. . 1) No signage to show were it is, makes it kinda mysterious. . 2) The pizza is actually pretty good, I mean not like "NY, NY" but still pretty close, I know that my NYer friends liked it.. . 3) There's a cool little lounging area with a pool table to chill next to whilst you eat your pizza. . . Worth it? I think so. Nightly visitis? Hells yea!. . Enjoy!
....and the clouds parted, the sun came out and shined a light over a dark long hallway with no door and no name.... That's exactly how I felt when I came across this little pizza joint!!! It was like an oasis in a desert! It's pretty simple...GOOD & tasty Large slices of pizza for cheap. They are open until 5am which is a huge bonus. The line goes by quick and it is well worth the wait.
A friend recommended this place to us.  After getting a slice from NYNY, this place was crazy good.  (NYNY place sucks).. . The pizza was crunchy, warm, etc.  We had to ask the staff to find this place since there's no sign for it.  . . Grab a slice of pizza, take it outside and sit by the pool table.
This one will be quick and to the point.  Is a place really a secret if everyone knows about it?  Well I don't know but working at the newspaper I've read about it so many times in our publications that I was definitely interested in trying it out.  A slice is $3.75 and while it's relatively cheap considering the location it's no THAT great a deal.  Still the pizza is tasty and not swimming in grease and if you like New York Style you won't have any complaints.
This place is truly hidden.. no signs not even on the hotel / hotel room directory!!!     The pizza was when wanting to get out of your room for some air.   But if you go late in the around the midnight hour you run into the club goers rush...  If that fails, they deliver the pizza to your room if staying on property!!    The pizza was the closest to type you get in NY / East coast!
So amazing, definitely a good late night spot. Born and raised on NY pizza and this is as good as it gets to compare.
So the "secret" pizza place isn't a secret anymore!  I have been here three times now and everytime it is more crowded than the last.. . Good, greasy, east coast pizza which is hard to come by in this town.  And the prices make it one of the best deals for a meal on the strip.  I can definitely see this being a great spot to hit up after a night of drinking....or after a night of losing all your money to the casino.
When you look for a cheap bite on the Strip, you might think of some ramen from CVS, or crappy fast food from a hotel's food court, not The Cosmopolitan. Hell, when I walked in, I said that this place makes the Bellagio look like Circus Circus.. . We found this pizza place after reading the Yelp reviews describing where it is. It's tiny, with only four chairs, two TVs, and two pinball machines. We took a look down at the prepared pizzas. Two big slices of meatball pizza and two cups of soda came to $14. The cheapest meal of our trip came in the swankiest hotel. Oh yeah, the pizza itself was amazing.
Now where exactly is this place?. . Well that is part of the fun!  Once you find the long unmarked hallway you will know you have arrived when seeing the couple of pinball machines. Go ahead don't be scared, walk on up and get a couple of slices of pizza with a PBR or an IPA (YES PBR, nice).. . The white pizza was the best and try some other fresh out of the oven if available.  Another great touch by the Cosmo and the perfect late night snack.
FINALLY - good pizza west of the mississippi! Having lived in New York for 10 years, I like my east coast pizza.  Thank goodness we found this place while staying at the Cosmopolitan. One of the guys working that night was from Bay Ridge so I was confident it would be good and it was! Great pepperoni pizza, hot and ready quickly - we ordered a large on the spot and it was done quickly.  Open till 5 am - JACKPOT!
YUM PIZZA! I was slightly obsessed about finding this "hidden" pizzeria in Cosmo, so we probably asked 2 employees about it after a night of clubbing at Marquee. It wasn't as difficult as I thought to find...on 3rd floor, if you see a random long hallway next to a restaurant...huzzah! You have found it! . . We got a custom made 3 toppings large pizza to go (~$30), which was super delicious, but the wait for the pizza after ordering was over 35 minutes...so take that into consideration for the entire pie. The roasted tomatoes topping was my favorite part of the pizza...and the crust! Loooooooove pizza crust. The large size was enough to feed 5 of us, plus enough leftovers as pre-clubbing dinner the next day!
We were headed to the Marquee for a pool party and had to get in by 2:00 if we didn't want to pay.  We were pressed for time and needed a quick bite.. we kept walking up the escalator and the info desk told us there's a pizza joint down the dark hallway... and then we all joked.. two guys telling us to go down a sketchy ally.. RIGHT we went anyways.. it's vegas why not?. . Pizza was quick and fast, although the worker seemed like she was not happy that day.  They ran out of the combination pizza we saw and she was not about to make anymore so the only "vegetable" they had left was a plain mushroom one which is what I got.  It was greasy, but after  a few dabs it was good.. The worker also said she didn't have water on tap so we had to pay quite a bit for the water bottle. My friend who is a vegetarian wanted cheese pizza, but she said she was out of that as well and wasn't going to make anymore. She insisted we just buy the more expensive pepperoni and pick it off.  Well it's a good thing my friend isn't strict and that's what we ended up doing, but the girl definitely did not look like she wanted to be working there.. . Other than that, it was good, fast, and relatively cheap for vegas. YUM!
After a long night flight from the East Coast I was ready for a quick bit before bed. We decided to give this place a try, i have to say I almost walked out because of the long line and no where to sit... but the hunger overcame me!!  So the line went by quick, the pizza slices are made to order!! Finally I don't have to share with my husband, we both get what we want!!  Thank goodness I didn't walk out, this was delish!!. Hope to stay at City Center again, so I can have some yummy pizza
Great NY pie.  Thin crust cooked crisp at the bottom with a high-temp oven.  Sauce was very tasty.  Cheese was perfect for a NY pie (a little salty and with a little oil...just the way it should be).  Crust was tasty and the right thickness.    Good place.   Not sure I can rate it "as good as it gets"....maybe next time.   For now, I'm a fan.
SECRET GEM!!! ... literally a secret, you can't even find this pizzeria listed on the cosmo's directory!!!. . its a CHEAP vegas meal option on the 3rd floor cosmopolitan in between 2 fancy restaurants.. behind a large wooden door w/o any name to distinguish it!!. . walk down the long hall towards the pinball machine & order pizza w/ fresh olive-oil-soaked-tomatoes on it YUM & only 4 something for this thin crust slice!!!. . i hope this small pizza place stays a secret =)
Go down a secret hallway on the third floor and you will find a great little pizza stand. The pies are made fresh with great ingredients, and are a real steal for Las Vegas. If you like NY style pizza, you must check this place out.
I thought the Pizzeria @ the Cosmo was a pretty plain name for a restaurant like "Nail Shop" or "Tattoo", and I usually hate that sort of thing but there is nothing plain or ordinary about this pizza on the third floor. It's located right near Marquee and is a neighbor to the upscale Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill. . . Although on it's yelp page it says business hours begin at 9am, this place didn't have it's doors open at 10:50 AM and so we had to wait about 10-15 minutes for the place to open. The security guard commented on the fact that this place usually opens late, especially on Sunday so you might want to consider that before fully nursing that hangover to come here on time if the employees aren't going to be here. . . It has a long hallway of records in picture frames and it's almost anti-climatic because when you reach the end of the hallway you enter this small space with no seating area. The service was friendly for the most part, except the female cashier who definitely seems to hate her job. . . As far as I could see they don't go out of their way to explain their selection, you just sidle up to the register and area and look at their pizza options. There was cheese / pepperoni / the ricotta & garlic / sausage & bell pepper. It's about $4 a slice, not the cheapest but nothing in Vegas comes for free. . . The ricotta & garlic was AMAZING. It had an extra crisp to it that the bell pepper & sausage seemed to lack, I'm hoping it wasn't because the pepper and sausage was not as fresh. Regardless I'm not usually a big fan of ricotta but blended with the garlic and crisp crust I found a new flavor combination to admire. The bell pepper & sausage didn't blow me away as much and I probably wouldn't get it again. . . . So to quickly sum it up . - Don't expect a fine dining experience. - approx $4 a slice. - Ricotta pizza is the one to get.
Blah blah blah secret pizza place blah blah blah. Let me tell you hipsters something: it's not a SECRET anymore if you have to wait in line for 30 minutes behind every fake-glasses-wearing jackass in Vegas and his whorey, vodka-drenched, barefoot sister to get in. It's pretty f*ckin' mainstream by that point!.  . Still, there is a true GEM to be found here. But it's not the pizza -- it's the WINE! They'll pour you a huge plastic cup of some improbably genteel boxed wine for $6. It's enough to last you all night!. . The pizza is actually pretty good, too (and I detest pizza): big slices for around $5 each, with lots of nommy toppings. But whatever! No one wants to sit around eating pizza all night.. . My advice is to get a big old plastic cup o'boxed red and then head down to one of the other, more pretentious "mixology" bars in the Cosmo...where you can get soused in style, smug with the secret knowledge that you're getting totally f*cked up for less than the cost of one of those lame blocks of "art" they sell in the ripoff trending machines -- I mean VENDING machines.. . Let the mixologists whip up complicated overpriced "libations" for the bebe-clad idiot masses...boxed wine is good enough for anyone who's REALLY cool. But if you INSIST upon being a hipster...you can use the money you saved on drinks to buy one of those lame blocks of "art" from the vending machines nearby. Sucka!
Good pizza, but we ordered 3 whole pizzas to take up to the room. The wait was about 45 minutes, they even mentioned that it'd be 45 minutes.. . The line never seemed to die down when we were there (at around 11pm  to 1am). I would have appreciated the place more if I didn't have to wait as long as I did.
With over 250 reviews on here already, this place isn't much of a"secret" anymore, but when you're drunk and hungry at 4am after spending several hours on the dance floor of Marquee and you stumble in following the directions of another drunk reveler munching on what looks like a tasty slice of NY Style pizza, you FEEL like you've found a hidden gem.. . So maybe it isn't "hidden" anymore, but it is still a gem. We ordered a whole pizza to go (pepperoni and green pepper), waited about 20 minutes, then took our whole pizza over to the Chandelier Bar and enjoyed. I have to say, even if I hadn't been tipsy, this pizza is legit. Thin crust, but not too "floppy," flavorful crust (hard to find on thin crust pizzas), and the toppings were fresh and tasty. I was certainly pleased enough to write this review and give the pizza 4 stars, so there you go.
Definitely be prepared to wait in the late hours with all the club goers. I didn't know where it was and had to ask someone. Line doesn't move that fast and we got up there, only a few options available. We went with 2 green peppers, onions and sausage and a meat lovers. My friend and I ate the green pepper one and it was good. Loved the thin crust style. We were full so I took the other slice and gave it to my brother.. . A few things I didn't like.....there are no signs of what pizza is what. Basically, you just point and guess. It was a tad pricey as it was $15 for our 3 slices. Last, the pizza was a bit greasy.. . I would still come back though! Good quick bite if you need something to hold down the liquor.
Favorite slice of "normal" pizza I have had in Las Vegas!  And I have lived here for five years!. . Dubbed the "the secret pizza place" it is located on the 3rd floor, situated next to the elevator, in a brown hallway. . . We waited 30 minutes for a slice of pizza.  Why the long wait?  People were walking up and ordering whole pies and they couldn't keep up with the demand.  Hence the -1 star.  They should be constantly making pizzas for the customers wanting just a slice.  When we finally got up to the front, they only had a pepperoni & mushroom pizza.  There are two things in life that my husband hates: mustard and mushrooms.  But since they said it would be at least another 10 minutes before a cheese or pepperoni pizza came out, we each grabbed a $4 slice and walked out the door.. . We found a seat near the pool table and each took a bite.  DELISH!  Crust has a good chew, good flavor in the sauce and the cheese is fresh.  Pepperoni and mushrooms were tasty too. My husband even ate the whole thing! The slice was definitely a good size and I was full after just one.. . It was so good that I have been thinking about it all day today.. . This will be my go-to place in The Cosmopolitan for a cheap dinner! :)
Yum.....pizza! . . After standing in line for about 30 minutes on a CRAZY Saturday night (Adele AND Death Cab for Cutie were playing at the Cosmo) with pizza smells wafting towards me, I finally got to the ordering station. One white pizza with ricotta cheese on display and since I saw some guy order this pizza that the lady had to get from underneath the ones showcased, I ordered that too. I loved the white pizza with the ricotta cheese.....yum! Flavorful, but it was a bit cold. The meatlovers pizza was hot and pretty dang tasty too! No pictures were taken as I was starved to the bone. Crust was made the way I like it and everything about it was delicious. I'm not a pizza connoisseur by any means, but I think it was great and for those who need a late night snack this is the perfect place to go!. . PS. Try the cheesecake....a fairly large slice and really really awesome!
Ok I went here around 11pm on the 24th and had 2 slices of white pizza. One word: BOMB.! When we walked in the place wasn't busy at all. There were a few people there but no one in line.  When I looked at the pizza I was underwhelmed being that I looked at some pictures on Yelp 10 minutes before. The pizza looked liked it had been sitting there a while. I ordered a slice of white pizza anyway, and the lady put it in the oven for a few seconds. When she took it out of the oven it looked like it had came back to life! And when I ate it...it gave me life! It was delicious and the crust is super thin. The crust sort of tasted like a crunchy breadstick. It was really good! And my friends got the meat pizza and said that t was good too! I'm giving it 4 stars only because the cashier was sort of lackluster at first, even though she seemed to lighten up after a while. And also because there is virtually no seating ! Other than those minor things...the place  is great.!
i don't know if it was because it was 4 am or because i drank more than normal, but this pizza was so tasty!  yes, it took an hour to get the pizzas but it seemed freshly made and well, it was 4 am.  thanks for saving us from starvation, pizzeria @ cosmopolitan!
Just like so  many Yelpers have already said, "This place is about as good as it gets for NY Style Pizza" I love super thin crust pizza with a good amount of grease. Yes, that sounds gross but come on, don't we alllove a little greasy pizza?. . Definitely try the White Cheese Pizza, Meatball Pizza and just plain ole' Cheese Pizza. . . Take the escalator from the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan at the West End (where the shops and restaurants are). Take a right and walk towards the pool table. Just behind that you will see a hallway leading to the unmarked pizza joint.  It's basically between the sushi place on the left and tapas restaurant on the right. Not hard to find since the word has gotten out about this "secret" place. You will not only smell the pizza, but see lots of people eating it out in the main lounge areas on the 3rd floor.
Checked out this secret spot right after I saw the free Naked & Famous concert @ the Blvd pool.  Crazy enough, I've passed by this place a majority of the time I've come to the Cosmo but never noticed it.  The hallway is right next to Blue Ribbon, wedged right next to the restaurant on the right of it.. . The hallway was clearly decorated with vintage album covers.  At the end of the hallway there were 2 pinball games (a Vegas & Monopoly machine) & a Galaga!  I got the white pizza and my friend got regular cheese w/ mushrooms.  Initially, I didn't really like the taste of the white pizza($4), because whatever cheeses are thrown to them, but after it cooled off a bit, it was actually pretty tasty.  My friends pizza had a nice crispy crust with little sauce but was still really good overall.. . This place is a good & cheap spot to go if you're on a budget.
To me this place is the best hidden pizza joint on the strip. What do I mean about that?. . First off, my friend and I walked all of the first floor and second floors and back in the first floor but no sign of this place. We even saw some dude that ran inside the casino with a box of pizza, we wanted to ask but the guy was to fast through the exit doors, we just missed em'  I had to ask a Cosmo casino security directions to this place. This is what to remember take the elevator to the third floor, make a right from the elevator, there you will see a small hall way full of photos, finally the hidden gem. . . You have choices of a full pie or slices: $5 slices? Expensive but your in the Cosmo but hey they back it up with some bomb-ass pizzas. What I saw is that they have some pizzas ready in the kitchen, the choices: white, plain cheese, pepperoni, meat lovers, and supreme you choose a slice then they reheat it for you or you can order by request and customize it made fresh, which there is a pizza guy who makes pies in front of you, and to top it off they offer free re-fills on soda purchases.. . The first visit my choice was the meat lovers, not as dry, but the flavor still holds up. Same thing goes on my second visit still flavorful and all I had was a white cheesed pizza. Their pizza dough ain't old, and stale that leaves it bland like other joints but it's so opposite of that. It's NY style pizzas here that makes you wanting more.. . This is the first place that I've used garlic powder for pizzas which is provided on the counter along with crushed peppers and Parmesan. . I've learned that the garlic powder adds taste and seasoning to an already awesome pie, it compliments it and thanks to this place Ive learned something new.. . This joint is small, only two chairs inside , you might want to hangout where there is a pool table outside  if its not crowded theres a few sofas to get comfy. I found that if your coming from the second floor just take the escalator to the third floor go straight left were you see a small hallway of portraits. Very hidden I must say, no signs here, but worth finding.. . If your just coming out of a club and your wanting to wash away the drunkeness, I recommend this place this pizzeria will be that anti-hangover.
Totally worth the wait.  Great taste combinations.  After waiting 20 minutes in line I opted to buy enough slices to create a large size pizza rather than wait another 45 minutes for a large to cook.  That was a bit pricey.  I will definitely go back next time im in vegas!
4.5 stars.. . Came down with a 24 hour stomach flu the day before my flight to Las Vegas.  My symptoms were passing, so I decided to put my stomach to the test and feed it some NY style pizza.  Hunted this place down like a hungry dog.    . . Not the easiest place to find as the yelp address states it's simply in The Cosmopolitan.  Don't bother looking at the hotel's directory as this hole-in-the-wall is not listed.  Instead I asked a beautiful casino hostess and she directed me to the third floor via the circular elevators (circa Star Trek Next Generation).. . I immediately spot the unmarked corridor of wood floors and vinyl record walls and eagerly follow the scent of pizza.  Place is tiny with standing room only along the perimeter counter.  Ambiance is like a NYC pizzeria, in stark contrast to the lobby from which I came and complete with two pin ball machines and a flat screen playing sports.. . Among the three to four different varieties, I ordered their cheese pizza with delectable chunks of blue cheese.  I squeezed a place along the rail and added me some pepper flakes and indulged into one of the best NY-style pizzas I've ever tasted (sorry NYC!).  Perfect crust, cheese was heavenly and despite its lubed greasiness, the orgasmic blue cheese loved me long time.  So long in fact, I dreamt about it later that night.  And the day after.  I vowed to make it back, but so much of Vegas got in my way :(. . #Yelp:  041/365
Overall: Great pizza for a steal in Vegas.. . I would have never known about this place if it hadn't been for the nice concierge on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan while my mom and I were wandering around. He walked us over to this huge door and swung it open to reveal a hallway with a pinball game and loud rock music. . . The set-up is similar to a NY pizzeria in that there are no tables, just bars where you can stand and eat or grab an empty stool. I ordered a cheese slice for $3.50 which is unheard of in Vegas. The slice was really good! We went back there a couple of times during our visit when we didn't want to spend an arm and a leg for a meal.
Prices went up.  Still a good deal on the Strip, but not a super good deal.  This makes me sad :(. . Oh, and the pizza is still yumtastic.
One of the best things about staying at Cosmo, you can go back to your room, change in to some flats and go back down to get some pizza. . Love this "secret" pizza, long lines, but goes pretty quickly drunk talking in line. Pizza is tasty and fresh, pretty cheap too for being a Vegas restaurant.
The pizza was alright. The reason why I am a fan is because of the price, about $3 a slice. The pizza tastes almost like Costco pizza, so it's really nothing special, but it's probably the cheapest decent bite you'll get at the Cosmo. It's a nice place to go to after dancing the night away at Marquee because you can lounge around while having cheap pizza and wine. My friends and I sat on the comfy chairs to rest our damaged feet while my boyfriend played pool by himself. I didn't even finish all of my pizza, but I didn't waste it either because a few of our friends happened to bump into us and they massacred the rest of my pizza.
The first time I walked down the hallway, I mistook it for a bathroom. Completely full from a disappointing dinner at the Wicked Spoon, I just walked out.. . Second time around was after a Yelp event. I was not hungry, but after all the talk about the pizza I caved and had a piece. No regrets because the white pizza is a must try. Garlic sauce, ricotta cheese, and mozzarella is always a great combination. In fact, I wish I never went to the Spoon and spent that money on two of these pies. . . The crust is perfection. I am selfish and go for the dark pieces because that is where the magic lies. That crunch still replays itself as I am writing this.. . As always, come with friends, because good food should always be accompanied with good conversation. Sit outside by the pool table for comfortable chitchat and forget about it.
It just cracks me up that this Pizzeria is still not getting any publicity on The Cosmopolitan's own website.  But that's not such a bad thing really, as it keeps the location mysterious and 'in the know' plus it makes it kind of fun in discovering it.  The spot is literally hidden from view and the only way I found it was when I saw some dude come out from a dark hallway with a big box of pizza.  . . I ordered two slices and they were delicious!  You especially have to try their White Pizza with Ricotta and Mozzarella Cheese.  It was my favorite slice.  Take a look at their slices......(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=ncKnJNu1chqnamZNqPvfxg) they're huuge NY Style thin slices.  Very good and actually pretty filling.  The slices can range from $4.50-$6 depending the toppings which are a little pricey but considering that the slices are extra large and are very tasty, the price is pretty much justified.. . It's nice to see more quality pizza joints open up on the Strip.  With this spot and La Pizza, I'm glad that I can pick up a slice for a cheap lunch or even for a late night snack.  If you have a big group, you definitely can't go wrong with ordering a pie from here.
Just got home from watching a boring field-goal game between the Cowboys and Skins.  My 2nd time in Cosmo and I finally found the Pizzeria.  No signs to get there, had to ask around. On the 2nd flr. you gotta go thru a hallway covered in album covers (kinda reminded me of Bubble Gum Alley in SLO).. . The place was a dive inside a Vegas Casino. And I loved it.  Pizza by the slice.  Had the pepperoncini and the meatball slice.  I should've saved room for the cheesecake, cuz it looked ridiculous.  Short and Simple was the menu.  You go there to eat and that's it.
Perfect way to end a night of clubbing from Marquee at the Cosmopolitan. It took a little while to find this place since there are no signs, but since I was a little tipsy and impatient of just walking around, I kindly asked one of the security bouncers where it was and he pointed me right to it. . . I feel like people would want to go to this pizzeria only because it's sort of a novelty - there's no sign, it's hidden in a long hallway with old school arcade video games, and you feel special when you know where it is since not many people do. . . The style of pizza served is NY pizza - it's got that nice thin crust and large cut slices. The pricing per slice is very reasonable and they're open late for the after clubbing crowd to get their late night munchies.. . Only downside is that you have to find a place to sit outside in the general area on some of the couches there - which can be a little dirty with remnants of pizza from the last person sitting there.
The pizza is pretty good, but the price is rather inflated (I guess it just goes hand-in-hand with the Vegas lifestyle).  The types of pizza are unique, and the crust is of the thin floppy variety.  They also offer garlic bread (balls..blobs..?) that are decent.  There is limited counter space to stand at, and even more limited stools on which to sit.  They also have some arcade games, and the walls of the mini alley are lined with countless photos which was pretty neat.. . My biggest woe is that it took forever to find!  The Cosmopolitan doesn't have any signs up for it, and it's hidden in this alley way to the right of an Asian restaurant, near a non-functional glass elevator, 3rd floor.  Don't bother with Google Maps walking directions either, it takes you outside where you can smell the darned pizza baking but you can't see it!  Talk about a rough night...
The semi-secret hidden down the hallway pizza place in the Cosmopolitan. It's definitely a great place to grab a slice of pizza before or after clubbing at Marquee - be prepared as there usually is a line especially when a lot of people are leaving the club. It's not a huge place but the decor definitely reminds me of a hole in the wall pizza joint. The pizza is good, but the only drawback is the price. It is on the pricier side for a slide or even a whole pie. They are definitely known for their white pizza too.
LOVE me some NYC style pizza and and so called "secret" pizza spot is not going to keep me from eating it!  Especially when a hangover needs curing!. . Not one person in this place on a Thursday afternoon, but that's OK, because seating is sparse.  Loved the pizza I tried and it was the perfect prep for a drink heavy night. . . Credit card machine wasn't working, so I'm not sure what would have happened had we done carry out. . . I love the fact that this place is easy and fast.  Not everything in Vegas needs to be over the top.
I came here on a regular day (weekday) at a regular time (not after a club) so it was easy to get a slice of pizza in this cozy joint. I'd recommend coming during non-busy hours so you can just appreciate its existence and product.. . The quality was great, the staff was awesome, and the prices were fair.. I forgot what I got exactly but it had yummy melted balls of mozzarella on it.. . I really like how it's sort of a secret and you don't really know it's there unless someone tells you. Secret pizza joints own.
THis place is seriously hidden. There are no directions for it on the boards between the floors.. If we didnt know it was already there, by word of mouth, I never would have gone, and never known it was there in the 1st place. a guy at school told me about this place (CSN) and said dang if you want good pizza ck it out.. . A friend came in from out-of-state and we were strolling along the strip.. stopped by to grab a slice. soo good. I had a reg. cheese w/ ricotta damn it was good. the bf had the same and a meatlovers.. didnt look too great 2 me but to each their own. . . Ck it out .. its a must try at least once. !
Upon visiting the Pizzeria (aka Secret Pizza as I enjoy calling it) I was a bit miffed at the service. Typically when I have been here the service has been consistent with the nice guys working the pizza ovens and whoever happens to be cashiering.. . I went with some friends to get a slice of pizza before the Foster The People concert on a Thursday night. When we were there the place wasn't too busy, luckily. When we walked up to the counter they were right then bringing a pepperoni pizza out of the oven, so we all got a slice of that pizza.. . However, when I went up to pay the (obviously) unhappy girl at the register was fairly rude to me. Previously before my friends had gotten there I ordered a Coke and had been drinking it. I simply asked if I could have some more ice in my Coke, and pretty snottily she asked me if I also wanted a refill. Well, sure, yes I said and she got me the refill. . . Honestly I hate to drop stars of places because someone may have been having a bad day, but I've read reviews of this place that have noted the service at the counter has been less than nice. Therefore I stand by dropping my 5 star rating to a 4 star for now.
Eating here proved to me that while you can replicate nearly everything about the NYC slice, what really matters is the water in NYC (or wait, is that bagels?).. . What I mean is...close but not quite NYC pizza.. . But that's okay. You're not in New York. You're in Las Vegas. Finding this place is most of the fun.
The pizza here is probably one of the best I've ever had .  They cook it  there in front of you - so you know it's fresh and boy does it taste good!. . I am marking them down because their selection of toppings was so very poor.  When asked whether they did chicken or beef toppings, they said they only did ham and salami and looked at me as if I were crazy!!  What kind of pizza place doesn't have a chicken or beef option???  Weird!. . Note that this is not really an eat in place, just a take out joint - well worth it though.
4 stars only for the pizza..... . First lets talk about the pizza. I had heard of this place from yelp and it was on my list of spots I had to try. Well there where 10 of us in our party and we decided pizza and beer would do for dinner. We made a trip down and found the pizza place. Everyone is right, it is down an unmarked hall to a little counter with an oven and pies sitting out if you buy a slice. Small menu board, but they do have PBR on tap ($5 for a red cup) We ordered 3 pizzas with a variety of toppings. OMG this was damn good pizza. The slices where massive, but with a very thin crust and a very thin but crunchy outside crust. All very good and we only ended up with 4 left over slices.. . Price, I do not agree with the other reviews about value. Each pie for us was $23-24. While these are large pies they still seemed expensive. I know this is vegas and I know it is going to be more expensive, but this just seemed over the top for me.. . There is virtually no room to sit and eat, a couple of chairs, a little bar, and another little bar to stand and eat. If you have more then a couple of people be prepared to stand and eat.. . Now on to the service. This gets a 2 star. We walked in and reviewed the very simple menu. We wanted to ask a couple questions about toppings because nothing was listed on the board. The girl helping us was not helpful at all. She just kinda spewed out some "answers". Not sure if she was having a bad day, or if she does not really give a shit.... i lean towards not giving a shit. The manager offered to bring them up to the room for us as soon as they where done, we where told 30-40 min.. . After over an hour and still no pizza we made a call. After getting handed off to 2 people we still had no answer and no pizza. At almost the same time the manager showed up at our room, brought the pizzas in and gave us a hand getting the pizzas out. He even brought up a stack of napkins and plates. What kinda annoyed me was he then asked for a tip for bringing them up. He never said sorry for being late or anything else. If he had of called to say hey we got busy it will be a bit longer then I would of gladly handed him a tip.. . Overall I would 100% go get a slice and a PBR, but really don't expect much as far as service.
Giving this 4 stars mainly because of the pizza, not so much the service.. . A friend told me about the "secret pizza" place, so when another friend and I set up a date to meet, I suggested we try it.  Good thing that friend did some research, otherwise we may not have found it!  She knew it was near another restaurant and that it was a long hallway.  At the end of the long hallway was a pinball machine, making it look like an arcade or something.. . We went down the hallway and it wasn't quite what I was expecting:  it was basically a counter with a menu board, and mostly seating facing the wall on bar stools.  For some reason I expected a sit down place, or at least something with more tables.  Fortunately we were there when it wasn't that crowded.. . I found the menu a bit confusing - it sounded like you could order slices with customized toppings, so my friend and I were trying to figure out what we wanted since we didn't want to order a whole pizza.  Then we noticed that they already had pizzas ready to serve by the slice - we looked at them and decided on 3 slices:  pepperoni, sausage & mushroom, and cheese w/ white sauce.  We each also ordered a soda.  The total came out to just under $20.. . We cut each slice in half, and that was a good amount of food for us for lunch.  And the pizzas were all quite tasty!  It was definitely worth it, food wise.  The service was just okay - nothing bad, but nothing good either.  I wish the menu board was easier to figure out, maybe describing the ordering process or something.  The seating area isn't that great either, and it was pretty filthy.  When we firstgot there, it was slow - it seems like one of the workers could have quickly wiped down the counters before it got busy again.. . But, nonetheless, it was good pizza, and I'd definitely go back again (but maybe do like what some other people did and take it out into the lobby area to eat).
Grew up in NY and MASS and this spot Seemed pretty authentic and was clutch because i needed pizza after drinking for 3 straight days. . . GREAT, Closest to NYC Pizza Slice: The White Pizza with Ricotta and Garlic. TOP NOTCH. . Good: The Mushroom garlic was good but dident have that much potenet flavor as your would expect. . Worst One: The supreem with the peppers onions and shrooms. The crust was soggy almost due to the toppings, NYC would not tollerate this.. . Overall realllllll good ,cool secret location on thirdfloor of cosmo down what looks like a small hallway, no sign for this place anywere. Looks like a real nyc pizzeria also which was nice. Crush a slice with PBR on tap and youll be happy about it.
Love the hidden location although Cosmo employees clearly know and frequent it.  . . They have a variety of NYC thin crust style pizzas and each is served fresh out of the oven so the cheese is piping hot and crust crunchy.  You can order by the slice and simple soda drinks and beers ate available too. . . Good for a quick snack or craving.  Secret Pizza accepts credit cards including Amex.
We ordered two whole pies: the white pizza (all cheese, with ricotta cheese glops here and there) and one with meatball, pepperoni, and mushrooms (they don't have sausage...or pineapples...sad.), and 2 cokes.. . Good:. + Food: NY style pizza, thin, perfectly crispy crust, delicious! Absolutely one of the best pizzas I've had. And I've had lots of pizzas. (I might even like pizza more than the Ninja Turtles.).      + Drinks: free refills! (and they have a water cooler on the side by the register).      + You can buy by the slice (~$4) or the entire pizza pie (large, ~$23?). I do recommend NOT buying by the slice though, because it's pre-made and lamp-heated.  If you buy the whole pizza, it's freshly made and baked on the spot--you'll get it in 12-25 minutes and taste how good this pie really is. It really differs in comparison.. + Tables: there are tables outside of this place to eat. You get to enjoy their pies in the mall atmosphere, with a beautiful ceiling and two areas of lush cushioned seating space.. . . Bad:. - Location: How the heck does anybody find this place?! Seriously. I didn't even really see a name outside or anything. It's just by the elevator, down a long dark hallway... over the hill and around the bush and into the woods we go.. - Food: The white pizza was a little tooooo greasy for me (because of baking all that cheese, the oils secreted and oozed and dripped out everywhere giving everyone a nice coat of oily lip gloss), but still was oh-so-delicious. Just shouldn't have too much of it......      - Also, I really like pineapple. My guess is maybe this is not a traditional NY pizza topping? But still...sadness..      - Drinks: comes in a red party cup, no lid, no straw... and our coke was kind of flat.  For ~$4 for a party cup of flat coke, I was pretty disappointed. (However, the refills were a little more fizzy than our initial drink, so I guess it's ok. Still, I'd like to have a lid and straw...). - Atmosphere: This place is really a nook in the wall. It's so tiny. There's no place to really sit and eat, but there are small counter-tops that line the wall if you want to stand around and eat. Otherwise, you should really get your pizza and GTFO. :) So others can order and try some..      - There are classic arcade games and pinball machines inside, but they don't work? It's really more for looks and atmosphere than anything. It adds charm to the place, but the space could have been used for, oh, I don't know... seats?  They probably did this for two reasons though:.           1. For a classic/casual pizza atmosphere, to have some of that Vegas pizazz in that tiny little room in the back of some random obscure hallway..           2. To encourage people to not sit around and stay and just GTFO so they can serve more customers. Geniuses, they are.. . . . Ok, so I wrote more -'s than +'s in this review, but it all boils down to the food, and this is one place I'd definitely recommend to try when you're in Vegas.
If it wasn't for the service, Secret Pizza would have earned a 5 from me. . The pizza itself was SOOOOO good. Perfect flavor for such a lovely thin pizza. . There were 10 of us & we order 3 (I think $25 each). My husband went to go order them but because of the wait, we had it brought up to our suite. The 30-40 minute wait became 1.5 hour. We had to call 2x and get the run around. Finally when the pizza arrived, the delivary guy just stood around expecting a tip. I don't know what is going on in Vegas but I don't just tip for the hell of it. I earn my money... so should you. . Any-hoo after the food actually came ALL of us gobbled it down... and none of us really remember that with great food, may come crap service.
There are no signs leading you here, but it isn't hard to find if you know what you're supposed to be looking for. I'll decode it for you: 3rd floor where the pool table is, look for the hallway dressed in album covers & voila! Secret Pizza found! . . The first time I came here was in Jan but since enough alcohol will erase your memory, I couldn't remember a thing about that experience...except that a certain someone I was with, in all her drunken-ness, was claiming to be heiress to the hotel & all the equally-drunk boys around us believed her.... . I came here again last week, this time sober & therefore, able to write a (somewhat) coherent review. . . I had a huge slice topped with mushroom for about $5. Thin crust, not too oily & dee-lish with a few sprinkles of garlic powder & crushed pepper flakes. Limited counter seats, so be prepared to eat standing up. Uncover this yummy secret for yourself!
The 4 star rating is not for the pizza alone (which is pretty good, not the best I have ever had but still very very decent, especially the white)... but rather for the "secret" factor, the location and just the fun it involves getting there, also the Cosmo is one of my favorite casinos on the strip.
Spot on pizza. It takes at least 30 minutes if you order a whole pizza, so to curb your hunger you can just grab a slice... although, the freshly baked pizza is really worth waiting for if pizza is your thing.. . My one issue? Secret pizza is not really secret. On Saturday night it took 30 minutes to get through the line, then another 30 ,inutes as my friends and I ordered a whole pizza. At 3am - we were drunk and hungry so this was not happy time.. . Granted, it was Saturday on Halloween weekend so maybe it was especially packed. But if you don't want to wait in line, avoid post club hours as everyone from Marquee just makes there way over to Secret Pizza.
When I meet out-o-towners at Book & Stage and (many drinks later) they inevitably tell me they could go for a snack, you can bet I've known all along where to take them. We're going to Pizza. . . [As a side note, I don't call this place "Secret Pizza" because 1) it's no secret any longer, 2) the take-away menu has a big black circle on the front and the word "Pizza" in white letters and 3) because I love such a generic name. I swear if I owned a restaurant, I'd name it "Food" or "Eat"]. . As long as you know where the 3rd floor pool tables are or where Blue Ribbon Sushi is, you can find it. You're going to experience a style and aura here that you just don't see often. The wall of record covers and the Galaga machine are my favorite touches. Well, they are really the only two touches. I've tried to make it to the top of the Galaga score board but for some reason none of the scores stick.. . Now for the pizza: It's New York style and it's ricotta and it's foldable and it's soft on the inside with a perfect crunch on the bottom and it's cheap and it's marvelous drinking food. Every slice is unique and has character. Just like New Yorkers! My favorite is the white pizza. I can deal with deli meats any other day of the week, but when a white sauce and cheese can stand alone that well, then I dedicate myself to it. Just don't make the mistake I did one tipsy night and pound the garlic shaker over your white pizza thinking it's parmesan. You and anyone you kiss will reek of garlic for 2 days.. . I give it 4 stars because: 1) The service isn't outstanding. For a $4 slice of pizza and PBR on tap you really can't expect Ritz service, but sometimes these guys look like they're going to go either comatose or Angry Birds on you. 2) When it's busy, you won't find a seat. There's more counter space than stools. (Do you think that was a coincidence? I think not.) You're best to go in with your friends, buy a whole pizza, and bring it out to the couches near the pool tables. Everyone else will see your tempting whole pizza with no name on the box and wonder where you got it. Let them in on it if you so choose....
You really should try out this secret pizza place called Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan. . . I admit it. While celebrating my 25th extravaganza in Vegas last week, I am guilty of being a repeat offender of Secret Pizza. For a bunch of girls (and boys) who revolves our schedules around eating and trying new places, I would say that is quite a compliment!. . Here's how it all started. Before we decided to go bar crawling in the Cosmopolitan, a local friend of mine told me that I should get the white pizza at Secret Pizza. Intrigued by this mysterious pizza joint and white pizza, the gang and I headed over in our tight dresses to devour some deliciousness. Being greedy as ever, I decided to go for their famed white slice and a combo. Halfway through, I realized my stomach is much smaller than I thought and had a difficult time finishing. The unique taste of the white pizza (composed of 3 different types of cheeses) had my taste buds jumping for joy but the familiar taste of the combo had me equally impressed.. . Secret Pizza makes me feel like I'm so "in the know". From the outside, no one would know what the hallway leads to. For those who rarely ventures off into random hallways, well that's their loss! I plan on coming back next time I'm in Vegas, so yelper's-- please keep the long lines as short as possible by keeping this place a secret!
While stumbling out of Marquee like a hungry zombieeee moaning "I neeeeeeed fooooooooood," a friendly (intoxicated) man directed me and my girls to SECRET PIZZA. The walk there is always a little hazy so I can't really help much on any specific direction towards the place, BUT it's on the 3rd floor at the Cosmo if that helps! New york style thin crust pizzas that surpass all expectations. The wait is always excruciating because once that scent of that damn pizza hits your damn nose you just want to gobble a slice whole right then and there, BUT BE PATIENT you'll get to the front of the line eventually :)
Why is your white pizza SOOOOO delicious!!! . . This is definitely the place to go after some bar hopping around the Cosmo.
I love you secret pizza.  Stumbling in drunk and smelling the delicious aroma of pizza is completely heavenly.  The lines are super long bc it is no longer a "secret" joint but it is well worth it.  They are cheap, huge and cheesy!  You can even charge it to the room if you accidentally spend all your cash.  Holla.
Stopped for a quick lunch.  Certainly a hole in the wall place.  We ate at the counter, there were tvs to entertain us.  Had a slice of mushroom and white pizza.  The white pizza was nice and garlicy.  The mushroom pizza needed something to give it a bit more kick.  The crust on both pizza were crispy thin.  $5 a slice was a little steep,  I would like to see them offer some sort of combo meal including a drink but maybe most people just order whole pizzas and take them back to thier room.  The staff wasn't super friendly - I asked what kind of pizza they had by the slice and the cashier just pointed to the pizzas.  I had to ask again for her to tell me the toppings.  Service was quite fast.
A tiny place hidden away at the end of a short hallway on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan just off a public seating area.  I didn't see a sign.  If you look down the hallway and see a vintage arcade game machine at the end, then you've found it.  . . It's thin crust at $4.50 per slice of cheese pizza with $$ for extra toppings.  I thought it was awfully good....certainly better than the chain pizza you can get around where I live. Nothing fancy at all.....just good pizza.  It will be a regular stop for me from now on.
Hey it's Vegas, right? You're going to lose some money no matter what, so go ahead and blow some on some overpriced - but excellent - pizza. I stop by here now whenever I'm in town and grab a slice. It's hard to find but that's part of the fun. . . You even get just a touch of attitude from the pizza makers, New York style! That only makes it all the more authentic to me. Just enough attitude to make it interesting but not enough to annoy you. That's why I keep coming back. . . So a slice will (as of this writing) run you about $5, which ain't cheap for pizza. But it's very well made, slowly baked and they'll reheat it for you without even being asked. So I knocked off one star for pricing but in fairness, they DO give you a free cup of water if y ou want it. Also keep in mind it's standing room only and no place to sit but plenty of counter space to stand and eat along the walls. . . Love the atmopshere, 80s music often blaring in the background with a few vintage arcade games from that era as well. It's like a time warp back to my teen Generation X years and I love it. Some great art and photos on the wall as well. All in all, a lot packed into a little place. . . Definitely stop by this place - if you can find it. But finding it is half the fun.
Good pizza by the slice - just ask what's fresh.. . It's sort of hidden in that there's no sign, but on the third floor, you follow your nose down the record-filled hallway between Blue Ribbin and Jaleo.  It's labeled "Pizza" on some hotel maps.. . Like most stuff in the glitzy part of Las Vegas, it's not exactly cheap, but it is good.  It's also a really small space, and you'll probably want to take your plate back outside ... or up to your room.  The guys behind the counter told us that the crowds tend to come in waves; it'll be perfectly quiet for a while and then suddenly, bam!. . Don't think you'll be blown away by it or anything, but hey - it's kind of cool.
I really liked this place. Maybe the fact that it is sorta secretive might make this review a bit bias. What was good about this pizza joint is the fact that it's New York style pizza and I'm a sucker for crunch thin crust pizza by the slice. I have to be quiet honest though that this place is a tad pricey compared to the normal pizza by the slice spots that I go to in the bay.. . Me and the wifey simply came here on a very very small appetite, but the fact that we were in Vegas and looking for something to do, I suggested we searched for this so called "Hidden Pizza" spot I can always go for a nice slice of New York style pizza. Anyways we only ordered one slice of pizza to share amongst us two, as I mentioned before that we came here not hungry at all. Well, we ordered a meatball pizza, which was something we have never had before and thought it would be interesting to try something new along with this new place. The taste of the pizza was a bit odd, probably because the whole time I was eating this pizza I was thinking that meatballs can't belong on a pizza. But all in all the pizza was good, and I can't wait to come back here for another slice when I'm in the area. I also like the fact that this place is open late, not a lot of pizza joints that sell pizza by the slice is open this late.. . Better believe I'll be back for more, and just maybe this place will get another star.
I know Vegas is a city that never sleeps but to find good food when you really cant drive anywhere after the club then Secret Pizza is the place to go to...if you can find it..But its not that hard when the line sticks out of this dark hallway.  The pizza was great.  Besides the drunk annoying people everywhere their pizza was great!!  The crust was perfect not to thick or dry.  The toppings were lay down thick and the cheese and sauce was amazing.  We ordered a whole pizza brought it out to one of the tables and just wen to town.  I must say that's the best pizza I have ever had after a long night in the club.  Try it out guys its worth the wait.
Pizza was nice and thin but wasn't as crunchy as I had hoped. Their most popular was the white pizza. This place was hard to find because the name of the restaurant wasn't written anywhere... . . definitely worth a try!
I went here with some friends.  It was really good!  As the name implies, the place is hidden away.  Someone has to tell you to go there or you would never know that it existed.  Reminiscent of the prohibition era speakeasy.  They were not fast, but they had pinball games to keep you busy while waiting.  There was almost no place to sit, so we ate in the lobby chairs near the entrance to Secret Pizza next to the pool tables.  This pizza was really good.  Better than Broadway Pizzeria, but not as good as Metro Pizza.  We had some kind of white pie.  I look forward to my next visit there.
Great frickin' pizza.
I amdefinitely a fan! This place hits the spot and is there when you need it. Got to love great by the slice (or whole) NY style pizza!
Secret Pizza is truly a secret. None of the signs in Cosmopolitan point to this place, and the only way we found it was by asking a security guard. The directions were easy - 3rd level and look for the hallway next to the elevator. But don't look for a sign - there's not one.. . This is a good, no-frills pizza joint that is good for a late night bite. I had a slice of the white pizza, which was very cheesy, large and super-delicious. My partner had the sliced meatball, which was good, but he's had better. Any pizza aficionado has their preferences, so don't expect it to compare to the neighborhood pizza joint you know and love. You go here because it's late, you're tipsy and you need something good and filling to cap off the night. You'd spend probably the same amount at a Sbarro in any of the ubiquitous food courts on the strip, so do yourself a favor and go for the better pizza at Secret Pizza.
Fantastic place to grab a slice of pizza! Had a veggie pizza, everything was just right...not too greasy, not too filling! Outside of price, the other major con is the seating. There's only one place to sit inside the restaurant! Luckily the party I was joining already saved me a seat but next time I imagine I might have to eat this in the convention area!
You got to admit that part of the charm of Secret Pizza is that it's a secret and that you found it, but look beyond that and you realize that darn these are some pretty good NY-style pies west of the Hudson. . . My friend kept pointing out these pizzas on our first night there so a quick Yelp search the next day brought us to Secret Pizza. I had a slice of their white pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=dDuqmvJHjJe-T5PLelhLjQ) and wow it was cheese-tacular. The ricotta and mozzarella were nice and melted on a nice crisp crust. Fold it up and enjoy! Best $5 I spent that day. . . I guess Secret Pizza isn't really a secret anymore but that's to be expected since it's a Vegas bargain to get really good NY slices at low prices. Service can be slow but the wait is worth it.
This place was so hidden that some of the Cosmo staff couldn't direct us in the right direction. . . I thought it was good, very greasy, and full of cheese. Only downfall is that they don't have ham. I luv ham, so a pizza without ham is like rice without meat, water without ice, and a shower without soap to me. Basically, it's a necessity to me. The huge pepperoni slices and sliced meatballs was filling, but it would have tasted better with ham. . . Not very many seats and it gets crowded because of the small space inside. We ordered a fresh made whole pizza and took it outside to sit on the large couches inside Cosmo. It was much more comfier outside and less noisy. . . I liked it, but I wish they had ham.
Believe the hype.  Woke up the morning of New Year's Eve and couldn't wait to finally check this place out.  Got there at exactly 11am but it took them another 15 minutes to finally open the big heavy door blocking the hallway.  . . Ordered a whole white and whole pepperoni, waited another 35 minutes and finally got to dig in.  Just for the record, there were 6 of us so no, I wasn't about to consume 2 whole pizzas all by myself.  That would be insane... insanely delicious but insane nonetheless!. . I tried the white pizza first and it was pretty freakin' delicious.  Great thin crust that wasn't soggybut actually crunchy.  The mozzarella and ricotta combination went very well together.  All in all, a very good pizza!. . The pepperoni was next and it was pretty standard.  Nothing too life changing but the crust was still nice and crunchy.  The pepperoni was a bit too greasy though, which I normally don't mind too much but after a couple of slices, I had to dab some of the grease with a napkin.. . The white pizza would get 5 stars... the pepperoni... 4 stars... if I could give 4.5 stars then I would, but I think a 4 is pretty fair.
Awesome pizza at a surprisingly super reasonable price located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo near the Chandelier Bar.  It's even better if you are conveniently staying at the Cosmo or find yourself starving there after a night of clubbing at Marquee.  I agree with Jessica Y., Earl of Sandwich has some competition for best late-night, cheap eats hot spot.  Be warned though, the line is out the door (narrow unmarked hallway to be precise) come 2am.. . I highly recommend the classic pepperoni.  Perfect ratio of sauce to cheese to meat.  Their crust is thin and crunchy.  White pizza is also really good, but you might want to consider adding some meat to it because sometimes cheese doesn't cut it.  You can order by the slice or order a whole pie, but it will take at least 30 minutes for them to make a whole one for you.
The secret part is kind of silly, but the food is good and quite affordable.  The pizza is thin and greasy just like I prefer.  They have great topping options as well.  This is a great option for late at night, or when you just want something simple.
Calling this place Secret Pizza is right on the money. I would not have found this place without my friends.. . The $5 pepperoni slice sure hit the spot after a night of Bacardi 151, Everclear and Maker's Mark.. . The ingredients were simple but something about them made this place stand above most other pizza places I've been to. Gooey cheese, giant pepperoni slices, robust tomato sauce and crunchy hand-tossed crust. The crust was crunchy on the outside and just slightly chewy on the inside. Definitely a treat, whether you're going out drinking, coming back from a night of boozing, or just taking a short break.. . If it wasn't so greasy, I would have gave it 5 stars. Had to use a napkin to soak up some of the oil.
This place is the best! Located in The Cosmopolitan hotel, this secret pizza place is down a hallway and has no sign. I found out about it by word of mouth ("Have you ever tried the secret pizza place?") but I guess they actually do call themselves "Secret Pizza". It's generally pretty busy but worth the wait if there's a line. Foldable, pizza by the slice put in the oven while you wait. Big fan of the White Pizza. If you wanna drink, grab a beer -- it'll come in a red Solo-type party cup. Go for a quick bite and be prepared to stand on your feet. They have a few bar stools but it's gets crowded. Head back down the hallway and check out the funky furniture and couches by the pool table. Great spot to recharge and for people watching. A group of tourists stopped and asked where my friend and I found our pizza...
Yup... this is a secret pizza place alright. Definitely gets the cool points for the experience. Located on the 3rd floor, find this unassuming, narrow halllway you'll see a light at the end, then old school arcade games and immediately to your right the pizza counter. . . I got the white pizza which was very tasty with ricotta and mozzarella cheese. a nice large slice to fill my belly. The other pizzas looked just as amazing. pizza was a little on the greasy goodness side. The thin, NY style crust was tasty but not spectacular. . . Friendly service and an atmosphere found in local small town/city joints. Hard to believe it's in a luxury hotel. Pretty cool.. . Prices for the large slice was good, about $5. I'll be back again.
Everything in Vegas is concept. So is this place. Still, Pizza is pretty good. Amazing? Not.
Question: Are you in vegas and in need of a quick slice?. . Answer: Man you know you are! So hit up secret pizza and get one!
pssssstttttt it's a secret........ . Don't tell anybody but it's located on the top floor right next to the elevator, across from the pool table and awesomely weird chairs. . . You see a dark hallway with one of those secret looking wall doors that is wide open, almost as if you were going back in time to those old school pizza places, you see a couple of pin ball machines and thus you have finally arrived at the secret pizza's of all pizzas. . . Order the White pizza with ricotta cheese and mozzarella and only this. It is one of the most greasy, delicious,  white looking pizzas that I have ever tasted, . . And yeah haha it doesn't really have a name btw or a sign or something that will imply that it's located there. At first I thought it was called Secret Pizza but then when my cousin asked a bartender "where's the secret pizza was located at?" He gave us a weird look and said no such thing existed lol so we felt stupid until he told us about a pizzeria upstairs.
2 AM drunk food at its finest. I think you're looking at $4.50+ a slice, but it's Vegas so no one cares. Located conveniently in the Cosmo on the 3rd floor, just above the Marquee entrance. . . It's good pizza too, I was kinda surprised. Greasy as hell, but I wouldn't have it any other way at 2 AM.
Heard the hype for a while and needed 17 pizzas at 4am. This was one of the few places that was open near the Strip - surprising, I know. I had to send a PA to pick them up since Secret doesn't deliver but I must say I was impressed that they could churn out that many pizzas in a 45 minute window. Did it arrive cold? Yes, but what did I expect? It was still delicious and I can't wait to try it fresh out of the oven.
Secret Pizza it is! All I know is I see tons of people sitting around the middle of a casino with labeless pizza boxes at 2am.  After a very brief attempt, my friends and I finally asked and was directed to this random hall that led to the tiny secret pizza place.  You can buy by the slice or whole pie.  They run efficiently and take your order fast but expect a short line and wait as they reheat your pizza in the oven as it has gotten cold sitting out in display.  They have about 4 kinds of pizza, all NY style so very thin crust and slice but very delicious.  A little high price for pizza in general, but practically free by Vegas restaurant means.. . FYI, there are about 5 bar stools and no where else to sit.  It is a true pizza joint, buy your pie and get out.
Im a carb girl.  Ordered the pepperoni and pepperoncini pizza & white pizza.. Hey, I was on vacation! The pepperoni and pepperoncini was sooo good. It was rich and almost had a buttery quality about it. The best part was the dough/bread.. It was buttery, crisp, sweet and drool-worthy.
Great NY style pizza in an upscale hotel. Hidden between Blue Ribbon and another restaurant; it's a long hallway to get to the back. Would be 5 stars if not for the $3.50 Solo cups of soda...
This place is definitely not a secret anymore. Maybe it has no sign (I can't really remember) and is tucked in the corner. But on the weekends, whenthe line was is long that it was spilling out of the secret hallway, you'd have to be completely smashed to miss it. . . Anyway, the pizza was awesome, pure NY Style. It was the perfect late night meal. I would recommend sticking to just slices cause the entire pie took a bit too long.
About a year ago, I was aimlessly strolling thru the Cosmopolitan, taking in all the beauty that the hotel has to offer.  While walking around the Chandelier Bar on the upper floors, I stumbled across a long hallway lined with album covers, with a questionable ending.  What could be at the end? Narnia? Or the Springfield Mystery Spot, complete with Ozzie Smith? Of course, being the quizzical individual that I am, I walked down the hallway.  Couldn't believe what I saw...a walk-up pizza joint!. . Anyway, with over 500 reviews, I don't know how this is a secret anymore.  No sign, no advertising, but excellent NY-style pizza.  At $4.50/slice, with the Strip-markup, it's a pretty good value for wasteepants late-night munchies.  And if you're not ready to end the rager, they have beer and I think, boxed wine.. . This is obviously a place to go after a night throwin elbows at the club.  At times, I've seen the line full of button-down shirts, fist pumps, sky-high heels, and dresses that leave little to the imagination.  Sometimes the line is long, which is understandable given its popularity.  But they try their best to keep the line moving swiftly.. . I'm glad I stumbled onto this place, as it has become a staple when I visit.   I applaud the Cosmopolitan for this inspired idea.
Really, really good pizza!  We had to try it to say we had found the secret pizza, of course.  I was a little annoyed that they charged $3.50 for a solo cup of Diet Coke, but overall it was fun to say we have been there.  Next time I think we will order a whole pizza to go and skip the sip of Coke.
I love the idea of all the "secrecy!".  Do you need a password?  Find a special map? Sound daunting to you?  Don't fret.  Just go to the Cosmopolitan and find the escalator and the directory will tell you its on the 3rd floor.  If your faculty to read has left you (and that does happen sometimes in Las Vegas) just look for the folks who are walking around in the hotel with white, plain pizza boxes and ask them where they got it.. . What's really likeable about this joint is that:. a.) it really keeps to its mysterious charm.. There's no sign, just a dark hallway that you would pass and wouldn't even know it was there if you weren't looking for it on purpose.. . b.) Its so unexpected.. You'd never think you'd find a place that serves pizza for $4.50 a slice in the trendy and posh Cosmopolitan hotel.  There is nothing fancy about this place - they serve your pizza on paper plates and soda in a red dixie cup!  They also have beer.. . c.) The pizza is SO DANG good!. Good in a "Man I'm so drunk and I hella want a pizza right now" way as well as when you're sober.  The thin crust is perfectly crispy and you know that its really good pizza when it stays that way even if its been sitting out on the warmers and reheated for you.  The WHITE pizza is has no red sauce but olive oil instead, and has a great combo of parmesan, mozzarella and dollops of ricotta.  Super flavorful and super cheesy.  The Pepperoni and Combo slices we got were just as delicious and with just the right amount of sauce and toppings to hold well with the glorious thin crust.. . Great to have aslice there and good to buy a whole pie to take back to the room.. . Did I tell you that I don't keep secrets very well?  ;)  Not this kind anyway!
this place is good, real good. the pizza in my opinion is a bit pricy for the slice you get. if the slice was a bit bigger it'd be worth it. the slice i got was a little bigger than your average chain pizza joints. if im in the area, will not hesitate to come back.
How the hell did I end up here two days in a row when I swore not to come here again after the first day? . . Only come here if you really want pizza and are really drunk because after the club, this place is chaos and with a 20 minute line, you're going to be waiting for a while. Unless you order a slice but at $5/slice when a whole pizza is $20, who would do that? Not this cheap bastard.. . It must have taken me near 40 minutes to get the whole pizza I ordered. On both days I came here. But, yea, it was worth it, because where else in Las Vegas can you get a whole pep at 3 am in the morning without walking around the strip?. . Though if you're really in a hurry, Vegas follows the CREAM (cash rules everything around me) rule. But you're going to be paying $20 on top of $20 if you want to bypass the line.
Yummy New York style pizza and I love the fact it actually is kinda hidden! Definitely good cheap drunk food in Vegas but good while sober too! I had pepperoni and mushroom pizza with red wine, not too shabby ;)
Who doesn't love a slice of warm, greasy, cheesy, goodness at 3am?. . Late night study session, putting the finishing touches on a major presentation, hard night of clubbing, end of a 24 hour session of hard core grinding on the green felt.  You crave it.  You gotta have it.  Once you do, you're smiling and loving life.. . That said Secret Pizza is more about the experience than food.  Decent New York style thin crust with a good balance of quality ingredients.  Tasty sausage, good quality cheeses, ripe acidic tomatoes.  Generous toppings but not overloaded.  Never too out there combos (ie,  CPK).  . . Is it the best pie in the US?  NO.  Not even the best in Vegas.  . . Inexpensive for the Strip (less than $5 a slice).  You get to play the cool, adventurer as you seek out it's goodness (exactly what the Cosmo is all about).  The best part, you can take your slice and eat it while walking through the casino and watch the envious drool.  One of them might even ask you where you got it.  The answer is obvious, "it's a secret".. . Sometimes, to experience the adventure is more important than the food.. . Recommended.
Cheap and really good pizza!. I had the pesto slice.. Thin, large, and flavorful.. I actually had a second slice. I don't live near Vegas and can't wait to visit again. This place will be my first stop. I want another slice!!
MUST GO HERE when in Vegas!  Perfect spot to drop by after clubbing at Marquee, also!  Casual place with cute decor with old school video games. . . Their pizzas are delicious, but a bit pricey. About $5.50 for a slice. You might be better off buying a whole pizza and sharing. Each slice is huge though~ so you should be good after 2 slices, but I guess it all depends how hungry you are ;) . . During the 3 nights we stayed in Vegas, my friends and I went to this place 3x!. . Of all the different pizzas I tried, the tomato, ricotta, sausage, pepperoncinis one was my favorite!!!! It was absolutely delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it ;P
I am reluctant to write a review on this place because pretty soon, this place won't be so secret... but it is the bomb! Thank you to all the other yelpers who recommended this place. . . This is a MUST GO if you like authentic NY style pizza.  Get either the regular slice or the "white" pizza. Both are my favorite. The other ones with toppings are just okay... The slices are huge and are 2 are more than enough to fill you up. . . I love the fact that this place is small, not overly crowded and the guys behind the counter heat up your slice and hand it to you to eat. It really is that good.. . The prices are decent... $5/slice is not horrible.. . Just remember... it's on the 3rd Floor fo
I'm always drunk when I eat here, so I can't say how good it is SOBER, but I absoFREAKINlutely love this place.. . Worth the wait? Hm...it's a close one, but I say yes.
Really good slices, cool vibe and fast. I had the white sauce with ricotta cheese and a red sauce with meatball. Would go back over and over when in Vegas.
$5 a slice is a bit much but it's Vegas and it's at the Cosmopolitan so it is sort of expected. Otherwise this place is awesome! I love how simple it is, yet unique at the same time due to it's obscure setting within such a lavish and artistic hotel. Our pizza was the perfect ending to our trip to Vegas after countless complex meals at the restaurants or buffets on the strip. The pinball machines were a huge bonus, a refreshing change to the slot machines downstairs that eat up your money with the push of a button.
Secret Pizza is not so secret anymore. The line is always long, but it's worth it when you're stumbling out of Marquee at 3am, happy, tipsy and willing to stand barefoot waiting for yummy pizza. . . Walking through the Cosmo Hotel holding a tabletop size pizza box was an interesting experience. Cat calls for my pizza? Random professions of love? Some really drunk guy offering me 500 dollars for my pizza? . . I love Vegas.
Finding a delicious regular slice has been very difficult for me now that I'm living on the West Coast, I'm an NY kind of girl! . . I recently was in Vegas for the Watch The Throne concert and met up with some friends during my trip. Late one night my friend took me Secret Pizza. I would have never known there was a pizzeria at the Cosmopolitan since there was no sign except a long line! I was a bit nervous waiting in such a long line for a slice I wasn't sure was going to meet my expectations of what pizza should taste like yet to my surprise the regular slice was to die for! The best NY style pizza on the west coast, LOL. The crust was thin and crisp, the sauce was savory sweet and the mozzarella was good quality. I was especially welcomed by the shaker seasonings offered i.e. salt, garlic, dried basil and oregano they had placed on the counter which is typical at a pizzeria in NYC. Lastly, the true test of a NY style pizza is the ability to fold the crust and take a delightful bite!
Secret pizza isn't such a secret no more. . This place was packed with people when I came here due to the fact that nobody picked up the phone(fail). At least i get to see why this place was oh so secret haha since there are no signs or even a name to let you know it's here but I guess seeing a bunch of people lining up for no apparent reason is your sign of knowing where secret pizza is. . . Fairly decent price for how big the pizza is when you order the whole thing. I actually really like the pizza...my favorite toppings to go along with it right now is probably pepperoni, onions/mushrooms, and garlic. Man the garlic makes the pizza absolutely delicious!!! I really like the thin layer crust even though it doesn't exactly get me full :p but as long as it taste delicious then there isn't much to complain about. I guess my real only complain to secret pizza is probably the amount of oil you see on it which i should of use my napkin to soak it up because i remember i had a stomachache the next day...you know the rest. #tmi . BUT YEA make sure you use the napkin to lessen the oil and you'll be fine as it is a delicious pizza to enjoy. . . What i also love about secret pizza is that it closes at 4-5 am and that is just 2 major thumbs up for me. #nightlifeeating :). . I find it to be a place you should come every time you're in vegas. :)
After reading all the reviews of this place, I finally went to check it out.. . I think that a lot of the reviews hype this place up a bit too much, either that or a lot of these people have never really had NY style pizza IN New York.. . That said, it's good, especially for NY style pizza, outside of NY. However, it's far from great, and it's on par for other Vegas pizza joints.  . . The crust was far too crunchy, ratherthat that perfect crust for the fold it in half true NY pizza experience, I think if I had folded it in half it probably would've just snapped. The cheese and grease level were perfect however.  The slices are HUGE, which they should be for $4.50 for plain cheese.. . Definitely a great find, and good pizza, but if you're from NY, like me, don't go in expecting the best pizza you've ever had and you'll certainly have a much better experience.
So glad a friend mentioned this place. It's on the third floor of Cosmopolitan, past the sushi resto and down a long hallway lined with old album covers.. . I came for lunch, relished in the one person-deep line and had my large cheese slice in hand in no time. For about $5/slice, this is a great destination for after you've shopped/drank/gambled your wad and are looking for some cheesy, greasy comfort.
Shhh... It's a Secret!  Pizza joint you will find on the third floor at cosmo, why the4 stars and not 5?  Maybe because the Pizza is good but not NYC good but don't get me wrong, if it is late at night and you are leaving the Marquee and need a bite this place gets 50 stars!
Just follow the trail of happy people with unmarked pizza boxes and you will find yourself at Secret Pizza.  Much like finding a little speakeasy in a sketchy alley, Secret Pizza offers you the same satisfaction.  When you pass down the somewhat hidden halway and find yourself in a little nook serving pizza, you know you have the many few who have found the place.. . The menu is very simple.  The red sauce or the white pizza.  You can get the combo or ask them to add more toppings to the cheese.  It's a good pizza with a nice thin crispy crust.  Ingredients are top quality and put together really well.  The white slice was also good, but I found the cheese a bit overwhelming on this one.  Its greasy..but thats what pizza is supposed to be!  . . Price is a bit high starting a $4 a slice...but then i have been to much inferior places with similar pricing...i guess everything is getting pricier!
I'm not good at keeping secrets, especially when it comes to food.. But I'm gonna try my best in this review. . . Secret Pizza is a small joint, located down a long, secret hallway lined with music record covers on the third floor of the ___________hotel. Since SP is not listed on the hotels website or in their directory, nor do they have any signs indicating they are even a buisness, they can be hard to locate. . . Since SP is open till the wee hours of the morning, most people usually stumble in here in the early AM to cure their drunken munchies. Not me though. I stumbled in here right when they opened at 11am to cure my I just woke up and I'm hungry as hell munchies. All they serve here is pizza and beer. Simple. Delicious. You can buy your pie whole or by the slice. These are the slices my wife and I bought;. . 1 white pizza slice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=24ppCiDbltVR9nt4spAUFQ. 1 sausage & pepperoni slice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=UGqPkyYuVIsLsjIN-UaEkg. 1 sausage & Pepperchini slice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=AwEEKS68Y2WnPRDIJYzHNg. . Since we got there right after they opened, each slice was just coming out of the oven. After waiting a few minutes to let the huge slices cool, I remember my girl Michelle T's warning about burning my mouth, my wife and I dug in. All three slices were great. They had lots of cheese and toppings, flavorful sauce and a nice, crispy crust. At $5 a slice, this is a great spot for a quick, tasty meal. . . If you can find SP, you definitely need to check it out. Just look for this hallway http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=JHsPAfv3yu3RrFNFO9qzFg
What an awesome find. We found this place through Yelp, and after a lot of circles around the third floor, we found the nondescript hallway lined with pictures that leads to this pizza joint. It's simple and for that alone I love it, contrasted with the rest of Vegas, but its pizza is also top notch. As far as fast, filling, and maybe a bit too greasy pizza goes, this place rocks. It's a great pick me up when you want something cheap and tasty after wandering around Vegas for hours.. . If you can find this place, I highly recommend it.
Super Cheap! awesome pizza, the white pizza is the best!!! A must have.
Not really a secret anymore but the concept was fun while it lasted! White pizza here is bomb if you love garlic! Vegetarian is also pretty darn good. A little expensive for a thin slice but you're on the strip.... Come on -_-
What is better than Vegas and pizza?! Secret pizza ! I wish I could go on a sampling frenzie here. Another one of those situations where I have zero control. Make sure u go with pizza lovers. Not skinny chicks that can't chew.
OMG...i am wiping the drool of my keyboard as I write this review. The white pizza is the best. It soaks up all the alcohol you have consumed during the night or at least make a dent in it. It's foldable and so you dont have to worry about making a mess as you eat it. The herbs and the cheese on that perfectly crisp crust is literally a slice of heaven in your mouth.
Pretty solid pizza.  A good New York style slice. It's on the third floor tucked away down a hallway.  They use these new special pizza boxes that break down one half into 4 plates and the other half folds into a close-able half pizza box.
Ok so this little gem of a pizza place is hidden down a hallway next to Blue Ribbon Sushi in the Cosmo. If my friend didn't tell me about it I wouldn't have know it existed. I got two slices, one a pepperoni and another one with all meat. It was freaking awesome. It reminded me of pizza I ate in NYC. Good thin crisp crust with quality meats. It was so good that I went back for breakfast before catching my plane home.
Great cheap pizza. I didn't see the menus so we ordered what was there. The white was the best, so garlicky so good. The crust was crunchy and tasty. I'd love to order for pick up and eat on the balcony following a long night out!!
After wandering around the 4th floor of the Cosmo for about an hour and goofing around in the completely empty ballroom area (you know, making casino angels and whatnot), we realized we were on the wrong floor and that secret pizza is really not AS secretly located as I thought it would be.... ANYWAY, we came here twice while in Vegas and it did not disappoint. It was actually much better than some of the expensive places we had. Slices are about 5$ and are quite large. We had a slice of cheese, pepperoni, and white w/ ricotta. The pepperoni was great, they were spicy and flavorful. The cheese was not so great. The white was really good, very garlicky. This place is a great find on the strip! I'd go backfor sure.
This place has excellent pizza. Nice balance with a crispy, but not cracker-like, thin crust and delicious ingredients. My wife and I had pepperoni and the signature white pie. It was so good we came back two days later to do it again.. . Bonus points for being stuck in a little corner with no signs to point the way. Made it seem like you were getting the Vegas hookup at the little known hole-in-the-wall!
I love pizza by the slice, especially after drinking!  This little secret (not really so secret) place has a pretty good selection and tastes great after drinking!  Its open til 4 AM!  Late night eating at its finest!
GREAT FOR HANGOVERS//DRUNK FOOD! . . I LOVE THIS PLACE. The pizza has the perfect thin crust and the toppings are amazing. Only downfall? Prices...it's pretty expensive, even when you're drunk. . . Recommendations:. Meatlovers: Sausage, Pepperoni, and more sausage?!? I mean really, you can't go wrong. They're homemade sausage has herbs and spices and just delicious. I get this every time.. . White Pizza: This thing is also REALLY GOOD. The only reason I don't get it is because it doesn't have meat...heh heh. It has ricotta cheese and garlic and more cheese. It's so good...I just wish it had meat. . . Overall, you can't go wrong when you're here. It's so good AND open late. Definitely a must come when in Vegas.
YAY!  "Normal" food in the craziness that is Vegas.  Decent slices of New York style pizza, so floppy but not that floppy, and light on the sauce, heavy on the cheese (not as heavy as Chicago, of course).  Greasy and delicious.  Loved the mushroom slice.  Got the white, maybe we went on an off time because it was a little bland and not *that* great.. . Go to the top of the escalators, where all the restaurants in the Cosmo are.  Walk toward the Strip; there's chairs on your left, and on your right is a dark hallway that looks like it should lead to a service area or something, but then it's lined with pictures and you spy a pinball machine at the end.  That's Secret Pizza.  Great secret in Vegas after days of eating super-rich food or drinking or binging on buffets.
THE PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!!!! I EVEN CAME BACK BLACKED OUT JUST FOR ANOTHER SLICE OF THEIR WHITE PIZZA. (I know this because I checked my credit card statement the next day and my friends can attest to me suddenly vanishing from Marquee nightclub).. . But honestly, great place to split a pizza with friends/carry it back to your room especially if you're staying at the Cosmo. When I was carrying it back to my room, everyone was stopping me and asking me where I had gotten the pizza. It smelled THAT good. One of the best hidden (literally) secrets of Las Vegas.
Judging by the wait times, it's definitely not a secret anymore. If you come with a group of people, it's so much more worth it to just order a whole pizza. Also, if you are lucky enough to have them pick up your phone call, I would order it first before coming in. Last time we had a pepperoni, onion, and garlic pizza that was awesome. A definite stop, especially if you stop by Cosmo!
For $4.00 in VEGAS, you get a pretty decently sized slice that's thin, crispy, has a nice dough-y crust, and hotttt. Didn't care for the pepperoni/sausage one because it was drenched in oil, but the "supreme" slice with the usual green bell peppers, olives, pepperoni was bombb -- not drenched with oil, good combo of all the fixings, and actually tasted a bit healthy ... say whatttt?. . If anything, come to Secret Pizza just to have the thrill of finding a secret gem in of one of the biggest hotels on the Strip, and amidst a whole floor of restaurants with neverending crowds! . . My boyfriend and I tried to find this place without the use of Yelp and ended up getting a bit lost in Cosmo...but once we used Yelp and found this place, it made the experience that much more fun!
secret pizza, thank you for being open late and located next to Marquee. . . The line sucks but the pizza is pretty damn good. My favorite was the white pizza hands down.
Secret Pizza, yummm, I know it's very well known now and probably shouldn't be called Secret pizza anymore but they haven't named it anything else so....we will just go with that.. . I stayed at the Cosmo my last trip to Vegas and since we got there around 230 pm in the afternoon, we wanted something to eat that wasn't too heavy.  Well, since I read about this place on Yelp, I decided i had to try it.  We went down to the second floor and had to ask around a bit to figure out where it was, third floor, across from the pool table.  The hallway to enter is filled with old pictures, you gotta walk all the way down and be transported to a New York style pizzeria.  You can order the whole pie or by the slice with whatever they have that day.  I had the meat lovers while K had the pepperoni and mushroom.  The pizza is thin, can get a little greasy but oh so good.  Crunchy, salty, with the perfect blend between sauce, cheese and toppings.  This is what New York style thin pizza should be like.. . The prices are ok, about $5-6 per slice, something you expect in Vegas but since it's open practically all day, great place for a snack.  If i wanted something to fill up with in Vegas without the extreme Vegas prices, this is my go-to
Not cheap @ $4.50 for a cheese slice and $24 for a whole pie. But definitely tasty. Even when you're not that hungry, so that says something! LOL  Will definitely try other menu items next time I return!
THE WHITE PIZZA IS SOOOO GOOD!. . Venue: A hidden pizza place inside Cosmo. It's on the 3rd floor next the pool table. Inside have a couple of pinball machines and doesn't have a seating area. . . Service: Okay.. . Food:. White Pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=ZGn242zBLxlP6dyGdfWzrg) - $5 ricotta cheese and mozzarella pizza. The Ricotta makes it Da Bomb!! Might be slightly greasy on the top, but nothing with a little bit of napkin pressing won't fix. I normally like my pizza with more toppings but this one was really good by itself!. . Combo Pizza - $5 It was up to par. Tasted similar to Costco pizza.. . Price: Okay.. . Overall: Great place for a quick bite or even a late night snack after the clubs.
I got a slice of White pizza and a slice of peperonni after a night at Marquee on Monday.. . We got there in between crowds which was great because I hate lines.  . . The white pizza is good and the pep is good as well. The slices are $5 and served ready to go on a paper plate and a checkered greasy wrapper thats going to slide off the plate as soon as you pick up your slice.  . . Secret pizza is ideal for stopping in, getting a slice and leaving, but it is also a comfortable place because its decorated with a lot of cool stuff.. . Too bad this place is in Vegas because my hometown L.A. has few and far i between spots a brotha can get a good pizza slice.
I really like the pizza, but does the hole-in-the-wall, dirty, grumpy, loud vibe seem a little too manufactured to anyone else? I mean, I'm sure those pizza makers are GENUINELY grumpy, they have to serve up a steady stream of pies all day long, deal with stupid questions, drunk hotel guests, people bringing in giant crowds AND people who whine about them not having their kind of pizza ready.. . But the brick walls, the white t-shirt and apron outfits, the old pictures, and the pinball machine (which is obviously just there to help develop the ambiance because there is NOT enough room for it to be there) are just a bit forced. I mean, everyone knows LV is a place of many tastes and cultures, but I'm a little off-put by fabricating a NY pizzeria in the middle of your hotel/casino. I think my problem is, that while LV has a ton of recreations of things and places, they are all loaded up with kitsch, and secret pizza keeps the kitsch minimal- like they are going to trick us into not noticing what they're going for.. . Okay, if you've read this far, you're probably like "Why is this girl giving them 4 stars if she's just gonna complain about stuff?" And to you I say, "SORRY- had to get it out of my system.". . Anyway, the pizza is good. I wouldn't say it's the best pizza I've had in my life or even the best Pizza west of NY, but it's a good pie. I know everyone makes a big fuss over the white pizza, but the homemade sausage they put on top their pies is SO good.. . If you're in the cosmo and you're drunk, hungry, or even if you think you can't eat another bite- GET A SLICE!. . drinks are a rip off and come in a red cup that is super hard to handle if you're juggling slices of pizza, a bag, children or whatever in your other hand.
The pizza has a great taste but the price has risen since it's gotten even more popular. $5 for a one topping is really pricey. I'd hope that they would give you a larger slice for that price or put a couple more pepperonis.. I had visited last time in January and now April. I believe it used to be $4.50 for my one topping pepperoni. Sigh..best deal is to get an entire pie and save it for leftovers if you're not going to be able to consume it all right away. The lines aren't too bad around midnight but get longer once the clubbers let out. Good to visit once every vegas trip for a midnight snack.
Like all the other reviews mentioned, the pizza place is down a long hallway--walls decorated in album covers.  Pretty neat.  Pizza is pretty good.. thin crust..melty cheese.  Cheaper snack while you are on the strip.
So, finding this place is really a fun adventure in itself.  I sort of like the mysterious theme, and the long walk down a record-cover filled hallway with the lingering smell of fresh pepperoni and mozzarella cheese wafting the whole way.. . When you do finally find it, you might notice that the prices are a little absurd for a slice of pizza.  And toppings make it even more.  If you're with a group, and none of you are particularly addicted to meat or veggies, I'd suggest just getting a full cheese pie.  Your wallet will thank you.. . Apart from the high prices, the pizza itself is really something special.  I'm originally from the Philadelphia area where, next to cheese steaks and soft pretzels, it's the pizza that we pride ourselves on.  Even in Los Angeles where I live now, I have yet to find a truly comparable pizza place.  But Secret Pizza absolutely delivers on that expectation.  Maybe that's the secret afterall.  In any case, totally worth the price of the pie.  The individual slices are a little small, so I can't say with confidence that if you bought by-the-slice, you'd be satisfied.  But it's definitely a tasty, east-coast-style pizza.. . My only other reservation is in regards to the seating area.  There isn't a lot of it.  And if you're not staying in the Cosmo and planning to take the pizza to your room or something, you might be hard-pressed to find a place to rest your bum.
Definitely a really good pie. Look for the it unmarked corridor in between Blue Ribbon Sushi and Jaleo in Level 3 of the Cosmopolitan.
I didn't believe the yelp reviews about the white pizza, but they proved me wrong!  . . Thin crust pizza, large slices, love this cheap and easy food in Vegas! . Findthe pool tables on the third level of the Cosmopolitan, find this hidden gem down a hallway of records. . . I love a simple pepperoni pizza, but why is this white pizza so addicting?! . Don't let me hype it up... gotta try it for yourself!  Come here for just an appetizer before a fun night ahead!  Can't wait to come back and purchase a whole pie!
Ever since I heard about this place I couldn't wait to find it and try it!  It was worth the wait and the effort! We ordered two slices of White Pizza which was great! Thin, crisp crust that I could still fold slightly to eat like a taco.   . . This Pizza was Garlicky and Cheesy! My two favorite things on Pizza, so I was in Heaven!  The only reason I can't give it 5 Stars is that my girlfriends PBR tasted horrible, like they need to clean their lines.  The place is very small, but there are a few Wheelchair  height spots at the counter.. . Secret Pizza will be a must stop on my Vegas trips!
I heart pizza.
This place really is a secret! It's on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo next to a sushi place, but there are no signs and no name to this place. Got lost the first time but luckily the staff helped point me in the right direction. . . The pizza is delicious!! I especially love their white pizza which is made with ricotta, mozzarella, and has a great garlic flavor. The sausage pizza is also good because it has a spicy kick. The pizza totally hits the spot whether you're drunk or sober and it's very affordable at $3-$5 a slice. Come here instead of Earl's, it's also open until 4 am!
Very sneaky place to find.  Good joint to hit up after or before clubbing.  Picked up a whole box for about $20.   Thin crust and flavor is delicious (sausage).  Waiting for a box takes forever when you're drunk.  Quicker if you just buy a slice.
Secret pizza lives up to their name!. . We walked all over Cosmo and couldn't find this place.  It's on the 3rd floor and tucked in behind a long hallway that is covered by vinyl covers, I think.  We had to ask for directions.  Just do the same.. . Yummy NY style pizza!  Very easy menu with pizza (whole or slice), salad and drinks.  That's all folks. . . I had the white slice with the fresh mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese and garlic.  I added mushrooms to it.  They have the pizzas premade and they put your topping on the slice and bake it again.  $5.50 for a slice of heaven!. . There are a few seats at the counter but you're much better off taking into the lounge area in the Cosmo and eating it there.. . Remember to bring quarters for Galaga!
PBR on TAP I am down!!!  Pizza is good.  Just make sure you have it there the crust gets to soft when you get it to go.
671 Yelp reviews........not so secret.. . Good slice of pizza, probably one of the better values on the strip. The guys working there were cool. No complaints.
Ok it's no secret that I love pizza, but secret pizza? How could I say no?! I have been here a few times and never been disappointed. There will be a line, but you will still have trouble finding it. It is down a very mysterious hallway right beside the sushi joint. It is truly tiny, but so perfect after a night of debauchery! There are just a few seats and a couple of pinball machines inside. Luckily, there are couches and a pool table right outside.. . You can get pizza by the slice or wait for an entire pie. They continually crank out the pizzas here. The meatball and pepperoni is one of my favorites. Their sauce is delicious and the crust is thin. This is the type of pizza that you definitely have to fold in half to eat. There will be grease, but true New York pizza is also greasy. The meatball is so flavorful and fantastic. I do find the pepperoni to be a bit too spicy for my taste, but I like that it is not the generic circular pepperoni. Last night I had the opportunity to try a white slice, which was good and garlicky but seemed a little more like cheese bread and a little less like pizza, which is always a risk with white pizza. . . There aren't tons of options, just your basic slices. It is cheap for the strip, but actually a tad pricey at $5 a slice! The pizza is good, but you would only be paying $2 in New York. It is fun to be in on the secret and if I need a late night snack on the strip I know exactly where to come.
Solid, solid pizza.  I wouldn't call it mind-blowing... but it was definitely worth the wait. . . The staff makes every attempt to get you through the long odious line as quickly as possible.  The atmosphere is friendly and casual (which is a nice break from the uppity feel of the Cosmopolitan). . . The dough is legit, although not as good as New York's pizza crust. Every pizza is made fresh, and you can tell.. . I'd return any day.
We found secret pizza quite easily, as did about a dozen others that were there when we were. The pizza was GREAT, i'm from the northeast so, no, it wasn't the BEST i ever had, but it was REALLY good. . . The price was ridiculous. Whoever said it was cheap is cray-cray. $5 a slice? LOL in jersey that gets you a half a pizza. . . So -1 for the price, +4 for the pizza itself. I thought the guys were OK there, kinda like the people at home, here's your pizza, gimme themoney. I don't mind that in the least.
Great hidden place for a bite to eat... at times there was a long line... pizza is a little soggy in the middle.
Secret Pizza is good. Thin crust, freshly baked and a simple menu. This place really was secret! We had to ask for directions to get to the place. Since we went at 3am when all the drunk clubbers start to stumble out in search of food, the line was pretty long; 30 minutes. So maybe this place is not so secret anymore... We waited at the end of a dark hallway covered in old record covers and loud music. I certainly enjoyed the casual atmosphere, giving me a break from the usual extravagant atmosphere of Las Vegas. . . We ordered the 3-topping pie ($26 for a large size). Pepperoni, mushrooms, and ricotta. Made to order thin crust. It was delicious. Definitely flavorful, without too much sauce, and not overwhelming. My friends and I kept the leftovers and ate them for breakfast the rest of the weekend! Great pizza place on the Strip.. . For reference, If you have ever been to Home Slice Pizza in Austin, TX, I would say Secret Pizza is 1-2 steps down from that.
The place reminded me of the beginning scene from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: Secret of the Ooze.  Ton's of people, pizza flying everywhere, mouths watering etc etc.  The quality is as good as some pizzerias in NYC and definitely better than most joints in DC/VA.  And I'm not comparing this to brick oven pizza cause it's not.  It's your utilitarian slice pizza and it's supposed to be greasy and please don't use a knife and fork.  Fold it in half!!
If I could give this pizza 4.5 stars I would. We ordered three huge pizzas and it came out to almost 60 bucks in total, but considering the location of the place and the size of the pizzas, I'd say it was worth it. . . The pizza was really good (I highly recommend the supreme), though it did have A LOT of grease. The environment was clean and the service was good too. Check it out of you are looking for some good pizza that will fill you up!
Great pizza, good value, friendly service. I've actually eaten here sober both times, I can only imagine how much more delicious it would be while hammered. I don't think I'd be able to find the place....and I'm sure the wait would be quite a bit longer as well.
After a night of drinking, pizza for lunch sounded pretty delicious. And a restaurant called Secret Pizza..? I'm intrigued!. . We ordered a few pizzas (at $20-25 dollars each):. - 1/2 White with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms. and ricotta cheese and 1/2 regular cheese. - Pepperoni and sausage. - Sun dried tomatoes. . The slices are huge and delicious! The white pizza with the ricotta cheese = amazeballs, no lie. You have to try it!. . The restaurant itself is pretty cute - there's no sign outside like normal restaurants. It's just a semi-hidden hallway-like area. There's a huge wooden door that can close to make it look like there's no restaurant at all. Pretty cool!
The journey to the Secret Pizza (No Name Pizza...whatever you call it) is as fascinating as actually eating the pizza itself.  The other reviews pretty much give great hints to finding it but yes, it's in the Cosmo and go up a bit.  After searching a bit, I gazed down that mysterious hallway that everyone says to look for and seeing the pinball machines made my heart go a-flutter.  Entering the Secret Pizza Parlor, there really isn't anything except the menu and a few workers making the pizza (both in slices and boxes).  . . When I went, the price was around $4.50 for a slice for a cheese or 'white' New York style pizza, extra for a few more ingredients and they have PBR (and something else) on top along with some wine.  You order up and while you wait, there's an old Galaga machine along with two pinball machines and some parlor style chairs.  I ordered a 'white' pizza and a PBR.  The white pizza is a cheese pizza mixed with several piles of feta cheese with herbs mixed in.  What an amazing combination.  That pizza was quite delicious and downing it with on tap PBR, it was well worth everything.  . . So if you're around Vegas, whether it's in the afternoon or late at night, and you're hungry for something delicious, something cool and something that won't break your wallet - go to the Secret Pizza.  Unless you absolutely abhor pizza, you're missing out.
Went to Vegas this past weekend and one of the highlights of the trip was hitting up this unnamed (yet not much of a secret) pizza joint in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Luckily, I've got a friend out there that my wife went to school with so we learned about it almost instantaneously. . . The walk up into this place is pretty impressive. The Cosmopolitan is actually one of the nicer hotels in Vegas, and you don't actually get forced in the casino the second you walk in. It definitely seems to cater to a 20 somethings crowd, which I think is very appealing for people that my age bracket, but I can imagine might be tedious for people that are a little bit older.. . So, on to the pizza itself. The place is small and down a fairly long hallway. They've got some pinball machines and a counter where you order and pay. No seats, but there's a little lounge back out in the hotel, so it's really not  a big deal. Their pizza is greasy and has a good crust. . . It's fucking expensive. Seriously, I don't usually complain much about price with food, but $4 for a slice is absurd. David Chang isn't making my fucking pizza back there, and even if he was I'm pretty sure he wouldn't have the balls to overcharge on a slice. . . Bottom line, it's definitely good, and I'm sure it's absolutely fantastic if you're shit faced. It's worth probably once, but unless you're right in the area you shouldn't go out of your way.
If the lines at 3:00am are any indication, Secret Pizza is THE WORST KEPT SECRET in Vegas.  If the first rule of Secret Pizza is to not talk about Secret Pizza (right Yvette??  Haha), someone definitely wasn't paying attention!  Not that I have a problem that they did...becausenow I can write my review without having to feel guilty about it.. . Tucked away on the third floor and with no signage to point it out, finding the entrance is to literally look for a hole in the wall.  Once you do though, it's just a short trip down a hallway until you find yourself in a small room and in front of their pizza counter inside.  They offer a variety of pizzas by the slice at any given time, as well as whole pies that you can customize.  Since there was about ten of us there, we opted for two large pizzas - one with pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom, while the second had mushrooms, sausage, and green peppers (I think...didn't try that one).. . All in all, the pizzas were pretty solid.  There was a generous amount of tasty toppings and I liked how there wasn't a ton of sauce.  I certainly wouldn't say it's the best pizza out there, but it was good and a lot better than I had expected.  The best part of all though was their prices - at about $4-5 a slice and $22 for a three topping pizza, they're comparable to what regular pizzerias would charge and definitely budget friendly for the Strip.  As far as late night/post-partying food options go, Secret Pizza is a solid bet.  . . BTW, a word of advice from my friend - in your potentially inebriated state, try to remember to wait before taking that first bite.  You might not feel all that hot oil burning your mouth when you're drunk, but you'll definitely feel it when you wake up the next day ("Dude, my tongue REALLY HURTS").
yumyum. so cool how this place is hidden away in the Cosmo. pizza is pretty good- i got the meat lovers, which is no joke. tons of sausages and pepperoni on this thing. also tried a bite of the white pizza which was amazing and the guy said its one of their most popular slices. features either ricotta or goat cheese and a semi-strong garlicky flavor. . . perfect for a quick yummy and affordable meal at almost all hours of the day. idk about u guys but i always get really hungry after marquee day club and no line in the middle of the afternoon!
OooH lala .. whatever's a secret, is always good. This was super random. We went here before we went to Marquee because we needed something quick to eat before we drank, so we didn't get too effed up. . . It's a hidden gem, it's called Secret Pizza after all. The pizza is actually really good. They make it really easy to purchase by the slice, because that's all I really needed to eat to get me through the night. Someone needs to let you know where this joint is, or you're going to have to walk around searching like a crazy person. If you find it, it's worth it!
After partying at Marquee and coming out drunk, what is better than some NY style pizza?! I lost my friends and ventured here alone hahaha ordered two pizzas and inhaled them! So freaking bomb! Only reason im giving it a 4 is because I was wasted and food when you're wasted just taste good regardless.  If I ever try this place sober and its still delicious, then it'll get a 5 star rating :P
I was very determined not to review Secret Pizza until I've had this place sober!. . Always had a little doubt about this place since I've only been here after a night at Marquee.  I always remember it being awesome (or whatever I can remember of it) and all of my friends love this place.  Came on a Tuesday night since I was in Vegas for work.  As expected, sorta empty and just two guys working in the back.  I went with the White Pie while my coworker went with the sausage.  . . After it was heated up, my White Pie looked as bomb as I remembered it.  In fact, it tastes even better than I remembered!  Creamy, garlicky, and cheesey.  I don't remember it being as garlicky as it tasted but it was great.  You can even add some garlic powder, which I did since I'm a huge fan of garlic.  Added some parmesan and sprinkled on red pepper to give it a bit of kick.  I tried a bit of the sausage but the tomato sauce and the cheese didn't stick to the pizza so it ended up being this gooey mess, but so good.  I did notice that my slice of White was smaller than all the other pizzas there... meh.. . Glad to say that when sober, this place tastes just as good, and for the the next time I'm here after a night at Marquee, I know I'm eating a good piece of pie!
Classic NY pizza. Great crust. Hard to find, but worth it!  Second floor of Cosmopolitan on The Strip.
It's like treasure hunting but for pizza.  Pretty cool layout, makes me feel like I'm in a pizza parlor somewhere in NY.  The pizza is pretty good.  Probably the closest thing to NY style pizza in Vegas.
I learned about this place from a concierge at a hotel we were staying at.  It's a hidden pizza place in the Cosmopolitan.  My boyfriend and I looked for it when we were out one morning, but it was to early.  We actually found it but weren't positive.. . The next day I was out shopping with my mom and was starving.  We popped in, had pizza and left.  It's a cheapish (for Las Vegas) greasy treat.
The not-so-secret Secret Pizza is a perfect place to grab a slice or two for lunch or late night. The lines can get long, so beware. This place is really effing good NY style pizza and it's located at the end of a hallway on the third floor near the pool tables. I've tried a variety of different topping slices here and each have been great.. . Are you and your friends planning on getting four or more slices? I'd recommend ordering a whole pizza instead since it'll work out to be about the same price. I think our pepperoni and sausage pie was $24. Not bad really. You can play some pinball and other arcade games as you wait. Out of quarters? The people watching here is great too!
Review #700!  . . I love NYC pizza with a deep, lustful passion.  It plagues my dreams, calls out to me through windows with its seductive aroma, and makes me yearn for the next cheesy slice.  Secret Pizza is a place in Las Vegas that serves it.  My friend Grace C. went last year when Cella R. told her about it.  Ever since then, I've been plotting my return to Vegas and partaking in this secretive pizza joint.  . . My fellow elite Yelpers and I made our way over to the Cosmopolitan after a YEE at the Cathouse and ordered 2 pizzas ($50 total): one white pizza and one half pepporoni/ half sausage & mushroom.  It came out to about $5 per person.  Secret Pizza is located up on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan food court next to the sushi restaurant down an unmarked hallway.  There are white tiles and picture frames welcoming you into this unremarkable looking pizza place.  We ordered our pizzas around midnight and got them about 30 minutes after.  It seemed like forever to a slightly inebriated and starving person such as myself.  I was hungry and watching others get their slices before I did, was excruciatingly painful.  Drew M. started to play Donkey Kong while waiting.  Watching his arcade game progression only made me hungrier.  . . Where was this pizza anyway?!  Why didn't I just order a damn slice?!  Oh wait, there it is.  We brought it outside to the sofas & coffee table.  We dug in.  Silence.  Everyone is chewing and gulping their pizza in a very methodical fashion.  Delicious garlicky white pizza with greasy pepperoni pizza.  I was in heaven.  Was it the best pizza I've ever had?  No, nothing compares to real NYC pizza in NYC, but it comes close.  Too bad the crust wasn't as crispy as I would have liked but the flavor of the white pizza still makes me drool as I write this.  Pizza is the perfect food in the wee hours of the morning when all you want is carbs.  Thanks for making my pizza dreams come true, if only for the night!
Secret Pizza is really a  hidden secret to find. It's on the 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan, inside the alley next to Blue Ribbon Sushi.  I came here with a bunch of crazy fun Yelp Elites to fill our tummies (& mostly to sober) after our crazy night at the Cat House!  . . We ordered a white pizza and a 1/2mushroom&sausage and 1/2 pepperoni pizza. I gotta say, I prefer the white pizza better. For some reason, the white pizza had a lot more flavors than the sausage. Maybe the meat was too over powering for the thin crust. The ricotta on the white pizza was so smooth and "FATTY". When we held the pizza vertically, the fat was literally dripping!. . The dough was too chewy for my taste. It was a little bite rubbery, which I don't think it's suppose to be like that for a true NY style pizza. The wait for the pizza was also way too long. We wait around 30 minutes for the pizza..... which is way too long to wait for any food. . . Come try when you're in Vegas, but I'm sure you can find a pizza place like this in CA!  CA has EVERYTHING!
After 700+ reviews in a year and a half of being here, is it really fair to call this "Secret" Pizza?. . Okay okay, maybe the moniker is because the place is unmarked, tucked away down a hallway next to a sushi joint, and you really will miss it unless you're looking for it. But it's still the worst-kept secret in the Cosmopolitan.. . It's thin-crust (but NOT crispy) pizza and for slices, you're limitedto handful of choices - cheese, pepperoni, and white pizza. You have more flexibility for toppings if you order a whole pie, but beware the wait. It took us upwards of 35-40 minutes for two pizzas, and save for a half-and-half topping on one of them, we didn't really order anything complicated. I was, however, extremely grateful for the FREE WATER!. . The white pizza is the standout here. So much garlic and olive oil that it will leave your paper plate soaked. It was a little on the soggy side because of all of the oil, but at 2am, it's exactly what the doctor ordered. If you're wearing insane heels and you've just finished a night of going big at one of the clubs, you will want to sit on the couches outside of the place to relax and eat.. . There is also a Donkey Kong arcade game inside the place. It's a great way to pass the time, but beware the Kong. It will suck you in, beat you down, frustrate you, tease you, and leave you with a hole in your heart. Have fun.
This place is REALLY secret because I couldn't find it for the life of me until I saw a guy walk out with some pizza.. . I was with a big group of people and Trina D recommended this place. So we went... with over 700 reviews... Secret? It's just hard to find :D. . PIZZAS:. This is greasy stuff but also DELICIOUS.. . Two whole pizzas - $50 (one white pizza and one half mushroom/half pepperoni). . . Sooooo good! I loved the white pizza because of the flavors. The mushroom was also addicting tho. It was just really good!. . SIZE: . No room to sit but they did have video games. Fun stuff. Donkey Kong. . But you sit in their waiting area. . Why 4 stars?. The WAIT was killer. It took close to an hour to be done and we had hungry drunks and people sobering up. I was fine. I was just hungry :P. . Overall... good stuff. :D
Grabbed a pizza here before we went clubbing at marquee when we stayed at the cosmopolitan. The pizza was a little pricey but being in the cosmopolitan it wasn't too bad for a whole pizza at $32 in my opinion, especially since it was pretty big and had I think 5 toppings on it. . The pizza tasted great and all the toppings mixed well and it had a lot of cheese which was nice as I hate it when my pizza doesn't have enough cheese. My only complaint is that the pizza is thin crust here and I am not a very big fan of thin crust pizza. But I was still very happy with it as it tasted great, hit the spot, and put a little something in my belly before a night of drinking and raging at marquee
What a cool concept! My cousin said that this place is a word of mouth joint where there is no name and the boxes are unmarked. It's hidden in a hallway!. . There is a long wait for a freshly made pizza and there isn't a huge selection of toppings but it was yummy. It was about $25 for a pizza.
Tasted delicious at 4AM after coming out of Marquee! The line was ridiculously long though, so not sure if it's also like that during the day time... It was also pretty pricey for a slice, but it was the closest place for late night munchies so I would go back again.
I love this place because it's on the top floor and you can easily grab a quick bite after marquee! The pizza comes out super hot and the service is friendly. Line is always super long.. . A slice is about $5. I really need to try this place when I'm not intoxicated and see if it's still just as good!
The reason i give this place a 4 star is due to the slightly dirty table/counter area.  The pizza was super yummy and decent size for the price and location.  The line was pretty long but was worth the wait.  . . Simple Pizza place located in a fancy casino, serving  Yummy Pizza.
Greasy, delicious, and ideal for a drunchie fix or that moment when your hangover finally passes and you are ready to chow down NOW. My group and I went during the middle of the day with hardly no line at all. Slices were large and relatively inexpensive ($5/slice). I ordered the white cheese and it rivaled many white cheese pizzas I've had in the past. Since it wasn't very busy when I went, we were able to grab a seat. However, be warned if you are traveling with a group or are there at a busy time that there is very limited seating. . . It is located on the second floor of the Cosmo, and like others said, relatively hidden. There are no signs to guide you, but if you look for a dark hallway next to the elevator, you'll be fine. What's a few minutes of searching when some seriously tasty pizza is the prize?
I thought my girl was crazy for insisting we stop here after a great meal at Comme Ca, but I obliged. We shared a slice of the white pizza. It was great, perfect crust and very tasty.
This was my second trip to Secret Pizza. I came here before the hotel officially opened and again last night. I wasn't totally impressed the first time I tried them, but figured I'd give them the benefit of the doubt until I tried them under normal circumstances. . . We came here after dinner at Comme Ca. We weren't incredibly hungry after a gluttonous meal and a whole bottle of wine, but I was intent on trying the pizza again after so long. I never go to Cosmo very often, so figured I'd take advantage. We ordered a slice of white pizza to share and some beer. Feeling tipsy, this pizza really hit the spot. We both enjoyed the flavors, although it was a little dry for my taste. I usually really enjoy pizza crust but I skipped eating this one because it wasn't as flavorful as I would have liked.. . I'd say they are a 3 1/2 star rounded up to 4 just for being great after partying tipsy food.
Should be called the not-so-secret Secret Pizza by now.  Because the line is.... out the door, at least when we went, it was like past 1AM and we stood in that long line because we were so determined to get this pizza.  In a sleep-deprived, just-got-back-from-who-knows-where state, I ate what seemed like a pretty better than expected pizza.  AND we got a whole pie, because if we're gonna stand in a line and wait for more than 1 hour, we better get a whole pie, forget a freekin' slice.  Actually, the slice of pizza tasted way better the morning after.  Cold.  Right out of the pizza box in the hotel room.
This place is amazing. I don't know what makes the pizza so tasty, but it is undeniably so. It's quite pricey, though, for pizza, but at least worth a try. It's not too bad if you get a whole pie but individual slices are borderline not worth it. . . The white pizza is really good if you're a cheese lover like myself. I also had a pepperoni which was delicious. Hard to mess that one up, though. . . This place is pretty much out of sight. I actually passed right by it while looking for it and had to ask someone. I'll definitely be back.
2012 review #158:. A lot of people have mentioned that "Secret Pizza" is not really a secret. Well, I just want to point out that "Secret Pizza" is not actually the name of this restaurant. When we were there someone asked them what their name was and they simply said "there is no name." Now, Matrix references aside, I'm sure they have a name on their license to run a restaurant, but for all intents and purposes, there's no name. . . Basically, go to third floor and walk straight forward toward a hallway lined with record covers and you'll see a pinball machine. There's "Secret Pizza." When we were there they had a white pie, a margarita with roasted tomatoes, and a sausage and pepporincini. It was hard to tell if they still offered toppings on plain cheese slices, but we ended up going with the margarita and sausage. The prices were not as cheap as some of the business photos imply; most slices are around $5. That's not cheap normally, but for Vegas, it certainly is. . . The pizza worried me a bit because it had been sitting there for an indeterminate amount of time. Boy was I wrong. The crust was pretty much perfect. Toppings and cheese and everything ratio was great. The sausage and pepporincini is very spicy, I think because they let the juice from the peppers stay on the pizza and soak in as it bakes. There are just a few seats and some counter space. They have soda, self-serve water, and beer, but $5 for a PBR is pretty ridiculous. They have a multi-game machine in a Galaga cabinet so if you want to channel your inner George Costanza, like me, and play some Frogger, you can go for it. I can see why this place gets packed after the clubs let out; if you don't want to wait 45 minutes for pizza, come during the day, when there's no line at all. Worth a stop at least once.
5 stars if you order a whole pizza pie (average $25). 3 stars if you grab one of their ready-made slices ($5-$6)
Life saver!  Tasty pizza and well priced.  One of the many perks of staying at The Cosmopolitan.  I don't think our group would have made it through the weekend without them!
Nice hidden gem inside The Cosmopolitan.. Choose your slice from what they have available at the time you get to the front or order a whole one and customize it just the way you want.. I prefer to have my slice quickly heated before I get it - it crisps up the crust just enough so the toppings don't flop when I pick up the entire slice.. If you're debating on a place to get a quick bite to eat and you end up in front of China Poblano or Holsteins' on the 2nd floor, just keep heading up one more floor and you won't be sorry - unless of course you end up going at the same time as all the hung-over Marquee club goers. If the line isn't in the hallway, then you're good! GO FOR IT!!!
I checked this place out during Yelp Spring Break and bought a pie for some out-of-town Yelpers.. . The place has an old NY style charm, with intricate details on the ceilings, walls and corners. The vintage pinball machines are great additions and add so much to the atmosphere.. . As for the pizza, if you order a pie it comes out HOT HOT HOT! So hot it was hard to eat, but I tried my best! I believe we ordered half ricotta (?) / half pepperoni. I am a big fan of soft cheeses and this one here was quite delicious.
I'm going solely off slice standards here. . Fast (if you're just buying by the slice, not if you're ordering a whole pie), decently priced (for Vegas standards) and pretty tasty.. . Go with the white slice.  I thought it was white sauce (cream) but it was actually no red sauce, cheese, ricotta. Pretty good. I liked being able to add stuff to it (additional 50 cents per topping) but I wish they had some bacon. Better than the traditional pepperoni w/ red sauce that's for sure. And yea, it's thin crust and ultra greasy. If you're going to complain about grease, don't bother eating pizza. Do the world a favor and eat a damn salad with no dressing okay? . . I don't get why people order an entire pie and then whine and moan that it takes up to an hour. IT'S A FREAKING ENTIRE PIZZA IT'S NOT GOING TO BE READY IN 5 MINUTES PEOPLE. USE YOUR BRAIN.
$5 for a slice of white pizza but it was a generous slice.  I did get lost trying to look for Secret Pizza, guess if it was easier to find, it wouldn't be such a secret.  Third floor, literally through an alley way.  Yummy cheesy garlicky pizza.  I think half the appeal is looking for it.
Awesome drunk food after a night at Marquee!!!  Super busy but worth wait!!
Definite recommend for a late night snack when nothing but pizza will do. The pizza was Hot and Good.
It would be 5 stars but I've had times where I waited 30 minutes and still couldn't get a pizzaas the line was just waaaayy too long. Great place though.
Secret pizza has been snitched to many OBVIOUSLY! And good lord I'm  happy to find this "secret" foodery. It's good sober or Vegas happy aka drunk/buzzed/high whatever food. . . It's not overly tomato saucy, the cheese was had great flavor and the pepperoni was meaty and fresh and let's not forget the crust....mmmmmm so good til nothing is left in your hands as you chow down on a slice.  Each whole pizza ordered is specifically made for you in 45 minutes to the Tee and it was worth every minute not including the line to wait and order but still worth trying the secret hype.. . Yes, it's not a secret but you'll still need to ask where to find this spot because you won't find it since they didn't put a name to this place hoping it was kept a secret exclusively to YELPERS. Hahahahahaa...Jk! . . Great hidden sinister gem in sin city...MUST bookmark.
"Excuse me...where did you get that pizza?" I probably heard this 5-10 times while eating in the common area by the pool table. IT'S A SECRET, MUHFUGGA!!! I kid.. . There is a line that doesn't look too bad, but it is deceiving! A tip is to call in before and pick up your pizza to save time. In Vegas, time is money, so save your money!. . The pizza is good! They offer a red or white (cost a bit more) sauce and it's all thin crust. You can buy by the slice (which also saves time) or you can get a full pizza which is the better deal if you have a lot of hungry people. They are literally 3-5 stools in the restaurant only because there's just enough room for people to stand around to wait for their order. You can grab a stool to sit if you have few people or just prepare to bring it back to your room. Orrr you can sit in the common area/lobby and be asked where you got the pizza from.
it was goooooooood! after months of my friends taunting me that this was the best pizza ever! i finally ventured my way over with a few friends. we came around 3am beating out most of the marquee club goers but not early enough because we still had to wait over an hour (mind you we order a whole pizza).. . the good: they do not skimp on the toppings!! they pile it on! it's about 4.50 a slice and a whole pizza will yield about 8 large slices (with 5 toppings $27-30 bucks). . the ugly: omg shit was greasy!! and since the crust was so thin ( which is a plus) with so much toppings weighing it down it was just flopping everywhere.. . the bad: man im pretty sure i just consumed over 1,000 calories in just one sitting! but of course when you're drunk u dont give a issssh but unfortunately after waiting over an hour my buzzed went away and i was left stuffed and filled with guilt!. . overall: pretty damn good pizza just be sure to be buzz and be with good company so that the wait doesnt seem so bad!
$5 a slice but its yummy! locate next to the sushi place on the third floor
Not-so-secret Secret Pizza, you guys must be making a killing with the drunkards willing to hand over $5 a slice.  I admit that I was one of them, except I wasn't drunk, although I wish I was because at least I could blame bad eating decisions on that.  At any rate, the line may seem long but it moves pretty fast. I wouldn't say it's exactly like NYC pizza but it comes pretty close.  We tried a slice of the pepperoni and the white pizza.  After a few bites of the white pizza the ricotta and mozzarella became cheese overload for me.  Definitely go with the pepperoni as a no fail choice.  What I'm wondering though is....why no pineapple?  Is it really so sacrilegious to have such deliciousness off a slice of pizza? Inquiring appetites would like to know.
On the third floor next to the elevator, there is a hallway that leads to this place. There are no signs nothing to indicate this is a pizza place. But once you find it, order any pizza and you'll be glad you did. It's super good for the price and it's kinda comparable to NY pizza but not quite.
Late night munchies!. . After a long night of clubbing at marquee,  my friends and I  decided to stop by here for some late night eats. Its located on the third floor of Cosmopolitan and when you seem a long alley and you see a bunch of people In line..you know you are in the right spot. On the third floor there are pool tables and lounging chairs too so you can lounge around and enjoy your pizza. . . My friend and i shared the white pizza, which was AMAZING and delicious. We also shared a sausage pizza with green peppers and pepper jack cheese. That was amazing as well. I devoured the pizza and probably burnt the roof of my mouth since I ate it so fast while it was hot, but it was well worth it. . . The pizza is very much worth the hype and you should check it out if you're in Vegas!
It's actually pretty easy to find, when you see the photos on the Internet and walk around the third floor of Cosmo. The place definitely has a buzz, because it is secret, because it caters to late night party goers, because everyone is excited to see what comes out of the oven. It's a pick a slice of whatever comes out fresh at the moment.. . It's thin crust pizza with your regular cheese, pepperoni, veggie, sausage, etc options. It's a bit pricey with $11 or so for 2 slices. Though, it's fun to be in on a secret. Plus, there is a such an interesting variety of seating choices outside. There is a pool, couches, tables from various other restaurants. It's fun to pick a place to sit.
It was pretty hard to find just have to ask around haha. Line was pretty long but it moved reasonable fast. Only disappointment was no ranch:/ ha
Awesome pizza and great staff! I loved this place, the only drawback is it's hard to find in the hotel... which is i guess the point... and the seating is very limited. Otherwise a great little find for the strip!!
I had to go there twice because they didn't have anymore of the white pizza. I had the Cheese, White Pizza and Cheese with pepperoni and sausage. All three were really good.  I would have to say the white was my least favorite. The price I didn't care for but it is Vegas and even chains like Starbucks and Coffee Bean jack up their prices so why not for pizza. Over all I would go here again if near by.
I most loved the laid back atmosphere and friendly staff. It was fun trying to find the "restaurant" (not that hard, actually -- if you're coming from the pedestrian walkway, just take the escalator to the third floor and walk to the little hallway in front of you).. . The pizza itself is $5 a slice, but one slice was sufficient for me. There is seating down the hallway from the pizza shop. I was there on a Wed for lunch, so there was no line. All in all a good, casual lunch.. . By the way, I snagged a cannoli to try it out, and they definitely add some kind of orange flavor to it. I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to my cannoli, apparently, so I wasn't over the moon, but It did have nice texture!
Reminiscent of that all too illusive to describe NY style pizza - thin and just ever so slightly crispy crust, that crackles when you fold it in half.  They use great quality cheese and tomato sauce and you can get whatever toppings you'd like.  Order by the slice to expedite the order.  Not cheap, but then nothing is in Las Vegas.  Oh yes, blot out a little oil on top with a napkin, the best tasting pizza somehow always have a little more oil on the surface than my stomach can handle. My favorite feature of this place is that it is open till 4am on weekdays and 5 am on the weekends!
Having read about Secret Pizza in a few blogs, I was interested in trying it.  We were staggering around the strip in 115 degree heat, shopping and looking for a place to eat.  We hadn't seen anything that appealed in Planet Hollywood.  I suggested we step into the Cosmopolitan to see what we could find.  . . All the restaurants here were more upscale than we were looking for.  We were just about to give up, when I noticed a hall way lined with album covers, and remembered reading about a hidden pizza joint, so I headed down the hall.  Her Majesty thought I was headed to the restroom again.  At the end of the hall you are greeted by a small, brightly lit space lined with white subway tiles. There is a menu board on the wall.  Pizza by the slice, or by the whole pie, sounds like lunch to me!. . The pizza is NY style; thin and floppy with a puffy edge.  Very tasty, and reasonably priced considering it's Las Vegas.
My hubs and I decided to try and find the elusive "secret pizza" place at the Cosmo. Let's just say that we got quite a tour of the hotel trying to find the damn place, but we certainly worked up an appetite. We finally had to ask someone to give us a hint!. . Even with our hint we nearly walked by the place. We only found it because of the 80's music blasting down the hallway.. . This place is like what I would expect Panucci's Pizza from Futurama (except much more sanitary) to be like.. . The pizza is greeeasy and served by the slice. You've been warned. But it hits the spot with a cold beer. Not a lot of seating, but this place is a secret...so you can't expect it to be huge.. . I danced out of the record lined hallway to the tune of Billy Idol's "Don't You Forget About Me" with a big smile on my face. A good find.
It didn't take long to find this "Secret Pizza'' establishment in my drunken state. But yea it was good pizza. The service was friendly and its a cool little spot to chill and have a nice slice of pizza and get out of the Vegas heat.. . . I shall return to this place.. Most likely drunk again lol..
Love the secrecy of this place.  Great pizza.  Expect a line.  sshhh...
Do yourself a favor and order a whole pizza instead of getting 1 or 2 slices!! $25 for a whole pizza vs. $5 for just a single slice? I think we all know what you should do. Leftover pizza always tastes good anyways. This is a perfect place to go at 4am when you have the drunchies, as long as you don't mind waiting in a long line.. . Anywho, be prepared for some gooey and greasy goodness in your mouth! The pizza slices are huge and their toppings are yummmmmy. My favorite is the meatball. . . Biggest problem is that you sometimes have to wait 30-45 min for a whole pizza, which is what happened to my friends and I last time. I'd say it's worth the wait though!. . In terms of trying to find this place, go to the third floor of the Cosmo and it's near the Marquee entrance! If you see the pool table and chairs to your left, the entrance will be the right. You'll see a hallway that has a bunch of cool photos/album covers on the wall and BAM, you're there :)
Open super late.   Great pizza.  Interesting crowds.   Always fun
The pizza is awesome for when you're over buffets and just want a good meal to eat before letting the drinking begin. Good and greasy and tasty. Yes order a whole pizza not only because it's smarter for your wallet but because you have to save a slice or two (2 preferred) for when you get back to your room in the morning drunk as hell wanting food. It is a 5 star pizza slice but then and only then. 4 otherwise :) Yeeeeee.
hidden late night gem in the cosmo.  NY style pizza
Pretty good NY pizza in LV.. the white pizza was very good. so was the mushroom.
Fun/ relaxed little place that can be a reprieve from all the bustle at the cosmopolitan. The slices are pretty big (think sbarro). My husband loves thin, Italian/NY style crust and this place hits the spot, only second to Basic near petco park in SD. If I'm feeling something rich, I get their white pizza (olive oil and seasoned ricotta) and top it with their thin, spicy slices of pepperoni.
It was past midnight and we were looking to end the evening with some pizza, so we yelped "pizza" on the strip, and we came across this place. I fell in love with the Cosmopolitan, so I was pleased to return. I came across many stellar reviews raving about this place, and Katie B. sealed the deal with hers. . . We ordered a whole white  pie to go, and it took a while but it was worth it. So yummy and unique. I will def. recommend it to anyone!
Good pizza served in a hipster cave at the cosmopolitan. The secret is that there's no signage but it seems that A LOT of barely coherent revelers under 35 know about it. The best part is that its available until 4am. . . Stand in line, grab a slice and eat on top of a reconverted foosball table outside. . . There's nothing more you need to know
Absolutely delicious!. . Great pizza, just be ready to wait in a very length line and wait time. Be ready to break the bank as the pizza is slightly expensive ($22 I believe is where a full pie starts).
HOT DAMN!. . Yelp, you make a perfect wingman, and I love you for it!. . This tiny lil pizza spot, is a hidden gem, within the FABULOUS walls of the Cosmopolitan, serving up slice after slice, of mouth-watering thin crust pizza genius!. . They don't call it "Secret Pizza" for nothing, you've gotta sort of hunt this place down. Even the staff of the Cosmo, is in on it. They'll give you some vague hints, as to the whereabouts of their exact location, but, the rest is up to you, to find the joint! Also, I'm not here to tell you where it's located, I'm here to tell you, you've GOT to go!. . Small and tiny, but with nice decor (the walled corridor leading to the actual pizzeria, is lined with album {mostly Italian} art). The actual pizzeria is TINY, with MINIMAL SEATING SPACE! Think, stand and eat, not sit down. NOT a good place, for large groups!. . The pizza, is DAMN good! I'm still upset that I didn't get a whole pie, instead of a slice! It's crispy thin crust, NY style! My style! . . You basically pick a slice from their selection of ready made pizzas, and they'll heat it up for you, or, you can order a whole pie. Just be on your toes, because, when you're slice is done reheating, they just assume you'll come to the front, to take it. They don't call out numbers or names or anything. So, if you're not there, someone else may snag it!. . I came in at around 2PM, not AM, but PM, and even then, it was terrific people watching! Drunks EVERYWHERE!. . The price is pretty damn good too, considering, you're in a 5-star resort.. . If you're in Vegas, and you're in the mood for pizza, DON'T forget about this place!. . . Food: 5. Ambience: 4. Service: 3. Value: 4
I guess I haven't reviewed this fine establishment yet, and I visit almost every time I'm in Vegas!. . Sometimes the line can suck, but it's so worth it.  You can get a big slice for under $5, I believe it's NY style (thin crust).  Service has almost always been with a smile, and it's so convenient either before or after visiting Marquee.. . Hmm... I wish I could speak more of its awesomeness, but I guess I've said it all.  My yelp buddy Rod U said it well, it's not the best pizza in Vegas, but it's an experience.  Hip and trendy, you'll spot a lot of other clubgoers hitting it up.  For its convenience, and quality, I am definitely a fan.
"Get fcuked up, and eat pizza" - Old Eugine Proverb. . Some old Chinese fool tried to jack that shit from me and use it as his own.. . I'm going to lay it down on how to get to this place.   Do not deviate from these directions.. . -Walk by all the squealing Asian girls coming out of the club that think they're cuter than they actually are.  Actually...thinking they're cute at all is wrong.. -Five steps past the white girls riding the escalator barefoot.  . -Make a right when you see the Latinas showing off their newly acquired neck art ... hickies.. -And when you see an angry black chick....run the other way.  Fcuk the pizza.. . Was the pizza really that good?  I don't remember.  My buddy liked it. I guess I did too.  Not as much as the Reyka tonics I was guzzling down at a frantic pace earlier. Evidently I waxed two slices, made it back to the room, and gracefully blacked out.   I woke up in the middle of the night with a shivering case of mud butt.  That means two things:  . . 1. It was greasy. 2. It was good. . I do faintly recall burping up pepperoncinis while on the throne.  I love those things.  Both the pepperoncinis and the porcelain La-Z-Boy.. . 4 gleaming stars might be a bit too generous, but hell, aren't you all generous and shit when you get shitfaced?  . . Yeah...thought so.
Mmmmm...delicious! And I didn't even need my lactaid pill to prevent the runs!! SCORE! . . Place is small, but we managed to find a counter to eat at, granted it was around 5pm ish on a weekday. If it's busy, just head outside and eat at one of the lounge chairs around.
DRUNK pizza is the BEST pizza.. . Everything is delicious and you will wait in line for a very long time, this is the only reason I don't give it a 5.  Seating is limited too.  They need to speed this sh1t show up, b/c I'm drunk and want pizza PRONTO.. . Bigger place, more people cranking out pizza, and more seating please!!!!
Such a good pizza place literally hidden in the Cosmopolitan. The choices are pretty good and a whole pie is pretty cheap.. . The best thing about this place is that it's located above Marquee so after a night of drinking and dancing, this pizza hits the spot. The line is pretty damn long though so be prepared to be standing there but since there are so many people, you can just chat with everyone around you. There is only one cashier so they are literally ringing everyone up, one at a time.
Cool late night spot if you can find it, it took a couple trys before finding it.. . Ordered a slice of pepperoni & a PBR.  I am a fan of a good thin crust and this was perfectly chewy with just enough crunch. I was impressed.
The 'secret' part about this joint was a let down, I was hoping to go through a dark passageway and defeat some goblins along the way, nooope! did not happen as I previously imagined! :-\. . Instead we were lead into this dimmed hallway covered with vintage album records and then arrived at an aluminium decor-ed pizzeria kitchen with some stools and couple of pinball machines.. . While I was hoping I'd see them freshly prepare the pizza in front of me, I suppose re-heating it suffices too.  The selection is pretty basic, you got your plain cheese, pepperoni, or sausage.  To that, you can add simple ingredients like mushroom, onions, bell pepper, etc.  Toppings will cost you extra.. . The overall taste was purely simple and glistening, the way on-the-go pizza should be!  The most important fact to know about the pizza is how the crust is perfectly thin and crispy.  I almost prefer it this way!  If you are coming out of the club or lounge, $5 a slice won't matter much, you just want something good and quick to help you sober!
Places like this are why I love Yelp.  Would never have known to look for it otherwise.  Cool little hole in the wall (literally).  We had a basic half cheese half pepperoni.  Took a while to make from scratch but it was worth it.  Nothing extremely different about it, but it was one of those very well executed thin crust pizza's that I love. On par with some of the best I've had.  . . Not a lot of room to sit, so plan to grab a spot in the nearby lounge.
This was like the after party of Yelp Helps Kickoff. We were hungry for sure, and had the biggest craving for Secret Pizza. What else would we come for? None other than the infamous white pizza! Bummer they were out of it by slice, and said that they would not be making any for a while. That did not stop us for sure as Anthony and Justin stood in line to order a full pie! 35 min wait? Psh...no problem. We were starving but we waited anyway. We thought it was worth THAT much. I think due to high demand they ended up making  a hand full of white pizzas and then offered them by the slice eventually. . . Oh..the rich cheesy goodness! Loaded with ricotta cheese. Extra greasy and flimsy. Just the way I like it. Sure enough, NY style I folded that bad boy in half and inhaled it in one breath. If you come to visit Secret Pizza for a nice sobering slice of heavenly goodness....be sure to order the white pizza. It'll top your perfect night.
First off, I'm lactose intolerant........... . Second off, I got the white pizza with mushrooms... SO GOOD!! The slice is actually pretty big considering the pizza is about 5 dollars a slice.. . Third off, I paid for it that night, BUTTT it was totally worth it!!!. . . This place is hidden on the top level of the cosmo and when you see the brick building and the pool tables on the outside, you know you are in the right place!
Awesome NY-style pizza. I highly recommend the mushroom pizza.  The pepper and ricotta pizza is also good, but it lacks the delicious red sauce of the other pizza.  Great post-bar food.  Yes, you'll have to wait an hour if it's 3 AM, but...it's 3 AM and you know you want it.
really neat little hole in the wall - literally.  Great for after the clubs.
This is your classic NY-style pizza which means limited toppings (at least for the slices) for the folks on-the-go, thin, fold-able and is considered a snack (unless I order a pie).  Prices are a bit outrageous because for 1 topping in NYC, a slice of pizza would have cost me $.99 or $1.99 at the very most (whereas here it cost $5) but I have to admit that the "secrecy" about this place is kind of cool and even though I'm an impatient girl, the line was enjoyable.  . . If you need a drink, get a beer otherwise opt out for their extremely slow water dispenser (cups available by the cash register) because the bottled water and sodas will cost you just as much as a beer.  . . After a relaxing eat, I walked, and accidentally kicked a guy's Corona.. I felt horrible and please note that I wasn't intoxicated.  Not one bit.
This place is another great after the club spot. You can easily walk pass this place and not even know that there is a pizza joint in the back. We stood in line for about 30-45 minutes. I personally thought the wait is too long which is why its getting minus 1 star. However, when I got the pizza, OMG it was delicious! They had a decent variety to choose from and each sliced pizza is heated to order. Prices were fair but no seating---booooo! Would I go here again, yes but only if the line was shorter.
My husband and I were showing my brother around the Cosmo when I remembered that there was a secret pizza place hiding inside the casino. I was using hints from my Yelp app to find it but my husband's nose knows the smell of pizza!  You go through this hallway lined with vintage albums and you are there! I chose to get the white pizza . It looked plain but it is soo good! It had a nice garlicky taste to it. I washed it down with a cola ....delicious! If you find yourself with too much pizza and not enough to drink there are free refills. The space is a bit tiny so it isn't a place for big groups. Luckily there was a space on the side counter.
The pizza here is DELICIOUS.. Get the White pizza. . Be prepared to wait in a forever long line though, esp during peak hours on the weekends (around 1-3). That's when a lot of people head over there after leaving Marquee. :) . If you have a party of four or more, I recommend just getting a whole pie! It's more worth it, and you can take the leftovers to your room. . Eat outside of Secret Pizza! Like where the pool table is. Lots of couch seating available. . The secret is out (actually, has been for a while), Secret Pizza is the best spot to grub (after Earl's) after a night filled with sweaty dancing and pounding down shots.
Ahhh Secret Pizza, the light at the end of the tunnel... well, hallway really. On the 3rd floor of the Cosmo, almost in line with the escalator, is a dark hallway that seems to lead to nothing but some pinball machines. But once you get there, you'll find a hole-in-the wall pizza joint run by some really nice, hard-working fellas who love serving gigantic sized slices of red or white-sauced pizza topped with mushrooms, sausage and/or pepperoni or whatever you want for ~$5/slice. Get a drink and the cashier will tell you the "refills on me." . . -Sausage is my favorite - not too salty or oily.. -Mushroom is a good veggie option.. -"Meat Lovers" - combo of pepperoni and sausage was really oily. Maybe good for the hangovers but a bit heavy after having the above 2.. . There's a TV with sports on, a couple of chairs to sit and eat on, but mostly standing room only. It's definitely a good spot to stop by for a quick, cheap lunch by Vegas standards.. . And because I can't stand people like this, I have to rant: To the lady with the designer bag, it's a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint. No one hangs out there for too long so stop complaining about the lack of seats and how you can't eat standing up. There are plenty of sofas out on the hotel floor. Also, throw your own trash away! You didn't even leave tip for that.
I am giving this place 4 stars for the white pizza.  The slice of sausage pizza that we ordered also was quite good, but their white pizza is something special.   We visited there at around 2pm on a Sunday and only waited in line for a few minutes.  I love the secret location gimmick, too.
"Secret Pizza" is not the name of this pizzeria.  It actually has no name, but Secret Pizza will suffice for now.. . It should be obvious by now that Secret Pizza is probably the worst-kept secret in Las Vegas.  Since everyone knows where it is already, I'll just go ahead and spill the beans -- Cosmopolitan hotel, third floor, tucked between Jaleo and Blue Ribbon Sushi, down the short corridor lined with vintage album covers.. . Okay, now that I said it, don't kill me, please?  This isn't Fight Club, right?. . I wasn't joking when I said everyone knows about Secret Pizza already.  The lines to eat here are obscene.  It's most popular in the middle of the night, when the post-Marquee crowd drops by to feed their drunken munchies.  However, when a group of us dropped by at 2pm in the afternoon, we still had to wait over 30 minutes just to reach the cashier.  . . Not that I minded waiting.  I could spend hours looking at the collection of vintage albums.  There's also pinball.  The pizzeria itself is decked out in gleaming white subway tile, in fitting with the New York theme.. . We shared a variety of red slices, some plastic cups of PBR, and a slice of cheesecake.  While the pizza was fresh and delicious, it was doused in enough grease to make the paper plate translucent in no time.  (Remember that episode of the Simpsons when Bart rubs his pizza on the wall and then the wall turns clear?  Yeah, like that.)  There is barely any seating inside the pizzeria, so we carried all of the grub to the lounge area outside.. . At $5 a slice, it's expensive, but not unreasonably so.  A better deal is ordering a whole pie.  I recommend that if everyone in your group can agree on a single topping.. . All in all, Secret Pizza is a solid place to go -- if for no other reason than being able to help all the other confused tourists who are curious to find out where you got your pizza and beer from.  :-)
Thank you Yelp! After consuming a decent amount of libations at Bond on the first floor my buddy and I had a raging case of the munchies.  I quickly dispatched my handy Yelp app and searched for "late night food" (it was 2AM after all) and noticed the intriguing title of "Secret Pizza".  Not only were we already in the Cosmopolitan but it also was highly rated.. . Finding this place was an adventure, partially because it's hidden/not listed anywhere and also because I was already three sheets to the wind and would probably have a hard time finding it even if I didn't have anything to drink.  Alas, do not discount the determination of two twenty something males with a craving for some late night pizza.. . The actual pizzeria wasn't terribly big and thankfully wasn't crowded when we went so ordering and paying for our slices was relatively fast.  I ordered a slice of the white pizza (effin delicious) and another equally delicious pizza (see photo) which name escapes me.  Both slices were amazing from the toppings right down to the crust...which I ate all of.  The cost of my fourth meal was $11 (verified by the credit card receipt in my wallet the next day) which was not only reasonable but totally worth it.
This place is a true gem hidden on the 3rd floor of Cosmo.  The ridiculously long lines (especially after clubbing hours) are completely worth it. The pizza is so amazingly delicious. I have the dock off one star just because the service here can get very lousy when they get super busy and also, the place is usually filthy.
Having stayed at the Cosmo during our recent trip to LV, my friends and I found ourselves highly confused by hordes of people carrying pizza boxes, yet no pizza place in sight. Since we were usually not looking for food, we never bothered to ask anybody about it. Second to last night in LV, a drunken roommate, and a pizza craving finally allowed us to discover the hidden tunnel that leads to this magical place. . . In case you didn't know, it's on the third floor of the Cosmo between Blue Ribbon Sushi & Jaleo. Make sure you go with time, and patience, because the line is usually down the hall, literally! . . Being a native NYer, the pizza was decent. Although it wasn't AMAZING like most places back in NY, it was definitely worth the wait after a full day & night of partying in Vegas. It was exactly what we needed before heading to the airport at 6am. . . Try it, trust, you'll thank me later.
Great little hidden gem. . . Read the previous reviews to find out how to get here.  Once you arrive, stand in line and order a slice or two. I had the white pizza which was excellent and I'm not usually a white pizza girl. I couldn't resist the large mounds of ricotta dotting the slice. My husband had the white and a sausage slice which was also good. . . Great for a quick bite.
Came on a Saturday around 3 or 4.  It's hidden down a hallway in between 2 restaurants on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan..  . The Service ---. The service was fine.  You order at the counter and they call your name and you pick it up.  It's a tiny little place.. . The Food ---. We got 2 pizzas, one cheese and one with mushrooms, bell peppers and pepperoni.  It took about 30 minutes or so for the pizzas to be done but it was worth the wait.  The crust was nice and thin, although I do prefer it to be a little more crunchy on the bottom.  The cheese was delicious.  Overall, great pizza and good at room temperature as well!. . The Prices ---. It was a little pricey.  I think the cheese was $24 and the other one was $29 or something.  But the pizzas were huge.  We had 8 people and had about 5 slices or so left.  And it is in Vegas, everything is more expensive in Vegas.  . . Yummy yummy pizza!
The pizza here is pretty good but I just don't feel like it's anything special.  However, you can't beat a hot and cheap meal after a night at Marquee or somewhere else on the strip.  The service here is great and friendly but it's not like this was the best pizza I ever had.. . You can order individual slices or a whole pie and you can even get 2L bottles of soda.  I had the veggie which was pretty good and the white pizza which was tasty but it was a huge greasy mess since its basically garlic oil and ricotta cheese.  The oil was literally dripping off the pizza and while its garlic flavored its also not very appetizing when it cools down from pipping hot.. . This place is pretty darn popular so I think they should change the name to "was secret' pizza (I kid).  This is an experience you can't skip if you're visiting Cosmopolitan :)
This is the most cost effective meal you can find in Vegas that also happens to be tasty. I came here with 7 girls and we got a whole pizza with 10 slices for $22 bucks. That will buy you two Powerades at Encore Beach Club. . . It is also incredibly yummy. Since I flew into Vegas post pool party, I ate this sober and enjoyed it, but my friends ate it after some drinks and loved it, so no matter what state of mind you're in, you will like this pizza. They have a lot of specialty toppings, like sun dried tomatoes, artichokes, and more. I opted for plain cheese since that's my favorite. . . I guess it's sort of hard to find if you don't know what you're doing. The entrance is a long corridor, kind of like when you go to the bathroom in the mall and have to walk past a several unmarked doors that go into who knows where. I think the original intention is to serve the post club crowd, but honestly, this is some of the better food in Vegas, so I'd eat it as a meal- downside is there isn't too much seating. They want you in and out.
I heard a lot of good things about Secret Pizza on Yelp. This place is really a secret. I walk around the Cosmopolitan for 30 minutes looking for this place. My Yelp GPS didn't even pick up the restaurant. Finally, my great smell GPS directed me in the right direction. Secret Pizza is located down a hall way on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan. I went to Secret Pizza around 11:30am and the restaurant was filled. I ordered a slice of pepperoni and white pizza. The pizza was delicious. The flavor of both slices of pizza made my taste buds smile. The pizza came out hot. The service was pretty fast. The employees were friendly. The restaurant isn't very big and seating is very limited. Secret Pizza has a nice social atmosphere. Secret Pizza is not a secret anymore. I definitely will return to enjoy the pizza at Secret Pizza next time I'm in Las Vegas. I highly recommend trying Secret Pizza if you are in Las Vegas. Thanks to my Yelp Las Vegas friends for recommending Secret Pizza.
Not that secret, which is good because my hungover body desperately needed pizza and liquids--. . Like, for how things go in Vegas, good value. Should have more places like it and fewer like FIRST at the Venetian
Secret Pizza... Ok, I'm not sure if that's really the name of this pizza joint. It is hidden, doesn't have a sign, and it is 100%, most definitely worth the treasure hunt to find this unassuming prize. New York style all the way. Big enough to fold over, crispy on the bottom, cheesy, gooey, and comes with toppings like sausage & peperoncini's, or ricotta & sliced meatballs. Mouth watering yet? I have a feeling that the boys makin' these amazing pies are the real deal too; straight outta NYC, full of bravado and take no $&%!. They are in Vegas to conquer the pizza scene and are doing it without a sign! . . I got to hand it to them, its the best NY style 'zza I've ever had outside of the Big Apple! So next time you are in Sin City check them out... Just don't have too many cocktails before you try. It really is a trick to find!
The first rule of Secret Pizza is: YOU DO NOT TALK ABOUT SECRET PIZZA.. . Seriously, guys, the wait is getting ridiculous.. . Tips:. - For full pies, call in your order for pick up in 30 mins.. - It may smell irresistible, but do fight the urge to eat immediately. Otherwise, suffer from pizza palate.. - Best spot for drunk people watching.
pizza's good.  price is actually not too bad for a slice...when you factor in it's on the STRIP, in the COSMO.  drinks kinda pricey - but like I said...you're in the COSMO.  Pretty long line, I mean i'm sure it's gets enough action from Marquee.  Didnt really think about that, until we saw all the drunk partyers from the dayclub
Damn this is good pizza! Ride the escalator to the top floor of the Cosmopolitan (4th floor?) and the hallway directly ahead take you to 'secret pizza'.. . The garlic on white sauce was the best! Also had mushroom, olives and cheese on red sauce. While good, it didn't hold a candle to the garlic on white sauce. Warning, that garlic does stay with you though ;). . The crust is just so crazy crunch good...
This place makes good pizza!  We ordered two complete pizzas for the eleven of us, and we just gobbled them up!  The pepperoni pizza was really good, but my favorite was the white pizza with garlic.  We found some relaxing chairs by the billiard table outside the hallway, and enjoyed the pizzas there.  For good pizza at an affordable price, this is the place to go in Vegas!
Thank You to the random group of guys who shared their very tasty pepperoni pizza with us as we staggered out of Marquee at 2 am.. The line looked crazy long and they said they would rather share it with us then their friends waiting in the room for them (and the two pizza's) .  I Love Vegas !
My only gripe is this isn't 24 hours!!!!. . Great location - food in the mall for under $10. That's a steal! And they sell beer! And the pizza is good and offers various kinds and toppings.
Stopped in here mid-day during our trip, and the place was nearly empty, so the service was quick. I ordered a slice of white pizza and my BF got a slice of pepperoni. His was nice and hot, but mine was a little on the lukewarm side. Still, it was really good: lots of garlic and cheese. Definitely hit the spot, and given my slightly buzzed state, worth the $5/slice.
The pizza was super delish and greasy! Great for a night of drinking or helping with a hangover! The slices are huge, so it's like getting 2 slices :). It cost about 20 bucks for 3 slices of pizza and a soda.. I can't complain!
With over 900 reviews, Secret Pizza isn't really a secret for Vegas goers.  And thanks to my friend Stephanie W. I'm in the loop now!. . A plain white or red pizza is $4.50 and add on 50 cents for each topping.  It's expensive but it's great quality and it's one of the cheaper meals on the strip. Their sausage and peperoncini slice was delicious.  The sourness of the pepper cut the savory sausage - a winning combination!  The thin crust is so crunchy and has a nice bite as well.. . Enjoy!
Cheap, close to marquee, open late, and greasy. I have to emphasize the CLOSE again. Considering those gazillion flights of stairs females have to walk up and down in (in heels), I'm so glad drunk greasy food is only a little bit ways away. . . Get the mushroom. You're welcome.
This place is amazing. I'm not sure if i loved it so much because of how much i drank or if it really is as good as i remember but either way it hit the spot! 4 friends and i were leaving a concert at the boulevard pool and decided to finally try this place out. We got a large cheese pizza with banana peppers and sun dried tomatoes as toppings. So good. It was a bit greasy but after blotting that away it was near perfect. some of the best pizza in Vegas for sure. I like the whole gimmick of it being a "secret" too.
Shared a large pepperoni, sausage, onion, mushroom, and ricotta cheese pizza with +4 ladies. YUMMY..... I would of gave a 5 stars but my topping was falling off. Well it because I was too impatient to let my pie set before I devour it hehehe...
Shhhh! Let me tell you a Secret about Secret Pizza..... . Secrets*. . *Their White Pizza is off the hook!. *Crust? Crazy Crispy Crust! Crunch with every bite!. *SP is located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo. *SP is open till Mon, Fri-Sun 11 am - 5 am Tue-Thu 11 am- 4 am. *IPA Beer in tap. *SP is really small! But who the "f" cares when your hungry!. *SP sell by whole or by the slice.. . Secret Pizza Rocks ! Great place to grab a quick bite!. . My LV Trip Bookmark #2
Amusingly, I was already full and along for the ride so I didn't actually try the pizza here.  It looked good though.. . However, I will have to say that it's BRILLIANT to design a hole in the wall place with no signage.   Complete with pinball machines and Galaga, it's basically a great little area where there's some standing room to chow down on some pizza.   It looked like NY style from what I could tell and it's decorated in your little 80s pizza place.. . Great stuff.  Definitely going to come back here to try it out.
My co-worker told me to stop by this place so I did! My bf wasn't impressed andwasn't sure why I would come here. I ended up buying him a slice anyways. One star is being docked because $5 for one slice of pizza is a bit on the high side. . . I ordered the white pizza and took it back to our hotel. My bf did end up eating the 2nd slice I bought. He didn't say much, meaning he liked it. He did keep brushing it off as if it wasn't that good, but kept telling people that we met in Vegas about it. Ok, well I start of telling my friends if they heard of Secret Pizza at Cosmo and then he would then explain the rest.... even though he said he would let me say it.... my bf is weird. . . Anyways, the white pizza was really good. The crust was thin and crispy, the topping was oozing with oil but man oh man was it good. I was actually shocked that 15 mins sitting in a bag, the crust and the bottom of the pizza still held its crispiness and crunch. There is hints of garlic and awesome cheesy goodness. I will definitely come back if I stay out late.... just really iffy on paying $5 for one slice of pizza.
All of my drunken nights on the Strip seem to end up at Secret Pizza. For the longest time I wasn't even sure if the pizza was really as good as I thought it was due to my inebriated state. I have ate there a few times since then sober and it really is DELICIOUS! This is a super fun place to take friends from out of town or show off your Vegas insider information when you're on vacation.  They mainly sell yummy/gooey/cheesy pizza by the slice and beer. So if you have had a few drinks stumble your way up to the 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan for some pizza. Just don't be the guy sleeping up against the wall drooling on himself.
Let me get the logic behind Secret Pizza.  They're opened to 4-5 a.m.  The drunk and partially drunk slur their way in to get that "sober me up munchies" on.  Wouldn't you want a sign up to attract more customers?  How passively cruel is that to the wobbly and incoherent?   Wandering like zombies seeking to feed, one could only chuckle at the priceless visual as they search for Secret Pizza.  . . Contrarians (sober people) would say signs would defeat the purpose of their marketing goal...it wouldn't be called SECRET PIZZA...logic is never logic if drunk.. . Through the corridor on the right of the Japanese restaurant within the Cosmopolitan, you'll find Secret Pizza.  There I said it.  If that's not enough, you're probably too drunk to even eat.  Within this hallway is a massive collection of interesting prints of musicians.  I think they were musicians.  The pizza aroma pulled my attention away from the pictures.    . . My monstrous hunger, which developed from searching the menu, told me to get two slices.  Give up looking for a poster board list menu or what have you.  Just ask, because there are none.  Peering down through the glass, I eventually chose the meat lovers and the cheese with white sauce.  . . Pizzas are the thin crust.  My crusts were a tad burnt on the edges after the oven warm up; each crispy bite was filled with a healthy (so to speak) dose of cheese and ingredients.  Both slices were delicious.  Both had surprisingly good taste considering since they were just thrown into an oven and reheated for a minute.  . . No time for a sit down dinner, want a quick slice (or whole pizza), or need some grease to relieve your drunkenness.  Secret Pizza can be a strong option.  That is, if you can find it.
This place is hidden right next to the Japanese restaurant on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan down a long hall filled with album covers on the wall.  Great place for a snack or late night snack.  You can always sit in the lobby that has sofas and chairs surrounding the several restaurants on that floor.  We had the pepperoni and mushroom pizza and it was very tasty.
Secret Pizza Kitchen is no damn joke! The pizza here is honestly one of the (if not the best) pizza I have every tried.. . Its is really not that tough to find if you ask around. They were out of the white pizza which I really wanted to try. Would not be ready for 20 minutes and I am not a patient person when it comes to food.. . Wife and I ordered 2 slices each which came out to $5 a slice. We had the plain peperroni and chesse, and the mushroom with sausage pizza. Haaaaaaleluya....Haaaaaaaleluya! Yeah that is what I heard in the background as I took my first bites. Seriously excellent tasting. I even finished the crust which Is something I never do.. . Pricey? Yes. Worth it. YES! A large pie will run you about $20.. . The only reason I deducted a star is because there is no seating available, which would be cool if they did. I personally don't like to eat standing up.. . But in all seriousness, there is no way I will do this place justice by describing the taste. You have to come and try for yourself asap!. . P.S. No I was not drunk
Very nice Pizza, try to find it! ;-)
Best Pizza in Vegas hands down. . Possibly the best Pizza ever when your drunk. . Nice New york slices comin' out of a hot oven with great variety and solid old standbys. Awesome decor and what pizza is complete without a couple of pinball games. . If you're looking for New York Pizza in this town, look no further.
I love the idea that this is a 'secret' pizza joint. The pizzas are delicious. . . Expect a long line if you come here after the club. It's worth it though & it won't be that hard to find then. It is located on the 3rd level and honestly I've never been up to the 3rd level until I found out about Secret Pizza.
The dudes dishing slices behind the counter are so New York. It's all "Whatcha want?" and "Huh?" Don't expect a conversation or them to be remotely polite. But it's a pizza counter with drunks side-stepping just to keep their balance who are in line ordering. You'd probably have an attitude too. . . Come, get your slice, devour it with your friends and be on your way. You will enjoy it. The pizza ranges from decent (if sober) to "Holy crap, this is the best slice EVER!" (if you just left Marquee and it's 4am). To really appreciate it, go after the club.
Everybody knows that I love Pizza!  I also love the Cosmopolitan.  So, when I heard they had a Secret Pizza joint, I couldn't wait to give it a try.  I resisted the temptation to ask for help to find it and spent a good 2 hours looking for this place.  I finally gave up and asked an employee who gave me directions....they're not supposed to do that, LOL.. . The setup is like the typical street-side quick Pizza joints you find in major city downtown areas.  The Pizzas are pre-cooked and warmed up to order by the Slice or by the Pie.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=Z-z_DCestFY90vmHPj-iSg#Z-z_DCestFY90vmHPj-iSg. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=LXFr4Kgn5aUPTV8pxEqIzQ#LXFr4Kgn5aUPTV8pxEqIzQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=JFQEuBrHJcjMJ1lqP_1HHg#JFQEuBrHJcjMJ1lqP_1HHg. . I ordered a Slice of Pepperoni & Sausage, my 'go to' order.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=Fk3XJrpND-_-Bu0XGSCbug#Fk3XJrpND-_-Bu0XGSCbug. . The Pizza was reheated to a very hot temp and served on a paper plate.  The flavor was very good.  The Sausage slightly overpowered the Pepperoni, but they complimented each other well.. . Overall, it was a good experience and the Pizza was above average.. . Return Factor - 100%
Swanky.  Hidden inside through some random hallway and you have yourself SECRET Pizza.  Pretty damn secret because you can literally walk past and not even notice that they're cooking some bomb pizza here.  Yep, one of those hidden gems.. . What's great about this place is you can get a large inexpensive slice of pizza in before or after clubbing right in a central location.. . What's not great about this place is that it can get packed during late hours when EVERYBODY piles in line to get drunchies.  Minus one for that, but other than wait time, quality pizza right hurr.. . Be aware of bitches who cut in line--Sure, we may have alcohol in our systems and are hungry as hell, I'm still sober enough to follow the line, so get your ass to the back of the line.  It can take a while when it's packed, but chill in line with friends and a beer and you're good to go.
IF you find this place (and you'll probably have to ask someone in the hotel), you'll be pleasantly surprised by the understated, throw-back vibe of what feels like your local pizzeria.  You have to get the white pizza, no matter what.  It is amazingly tasty and full of garlic, cheesy goodness.  There are no tables, so be prepared to stand and eat or to take-and-go.
After a brief stint in the Marquee Day Club, my friends and I were starving.  They kept talking about this "secret pizza" place.  Sounds like a stupid movie:. Me: Hey, where are we going?. Friend: Secret pizza place.. Me: Oh? What's it called?. Friend: It's Secret Pizza place.. Me: Yeah, you said, that, but what's it called? ....... And the endless conversation continues.. . Me, being in a Vegas state of mind, didn't really realize what they were all talking about until I saw a whole bunch of pizzas in front of me.  Smelling in the delicious aromas, I quickly came to and got to difficult task of choosing my slice.. . But was it ever really a choice.  White pizza with meatballs please.  Yes, that was definitely the right decision.  I enjoyed every bite.  The crust is perfectly savory, and the cheese and toppings combine for a perfect treat for your tastebuds.  I almost wish I got two slices, but the line was too long to get back in, so I settled for just one.. . As for the location of this "secret pizza" place, I could go all Gossip Girl on you and say "Well, that's a secret I'll never tell", but honestly, even I really have no idea where it is.  Maybe next time I'll map this place out for all you yelpers out there.  Or just read the other reviews as it seems some other people on here were actually coherent when they came here.. . Just find it.  It's worth it!
Five stars for the most amazing pizza in Vegas. I don't know why people cannot seem to make NY style pizza correctly in this city... but... they can't. Secret pizza does it right.. . I take away one star, however, because as a local, it's kinda a hassle to find parking in the cosmo parking garage, then walk all the way into the hotel, then walk through the hotel to the pizza place. Oh yeah, and then the pizza costs $5 a slice. As a good east coast girl... I should never pay that much for pizza. Ever.. . But it's sooo tasty...
Mmm... My first meal in Vegas was a $5 slice of pizza. I got the White Pizza, which had a strong garlic flavor and various cheeses with different textures. If the pizza doesn't have enough garlic flavor for you, they even have garlic powder on the tables and counters for you to add to your heart's desire. The best part of this place is that you can add toppings to your pizza even if you're just ordering by the slice!!
Good pizza place on the strip.  Prices are a little high, but you are inside Cosmo, so you should expect that ;). . Pizza is already made...but they toss it back into the oven when you order a slice.  I go with the white sauce, and add pepperoni or other mix into the equation.  I've tried the red sauce, but since white is so much better to me, I usually go with what I know lol.. . No where really to sit when it is busy, and the line can get pretty crazy at times, but if you don't mind waiting a little while and standing while you eat, this is a decent slice of pizza.. . Try it out :)
Good thing I did my homework and knew about this hidden gem. And when I say hidden, it's actually hidden. No signs. Not even noted on the floor guide. I guess they weren't kidding when they named it Secret Pizza.. . When I found Secret Pizza on yelp, I bookmarked this restaurant. Suggested my girlfriends to go here during our vegas trip. We decide to go on Saturday night before marquee so we went around 8:30 pm. Got to first floor of Cosmopolitan and looked at the floor guide by the escalator. Looked for "Secret Pizza" but nothing. Scanned the board again and didn't see a word of pizza. I got slightly scared that maybe I had the wrong hotel in mind and asked the hotel employee and he joked that it's a secret pizza so it's a secret and he can't share the location. O_O I was one step before panicking and he told me it's on the third floor. phew.. . Secret pizza is tucked away behind walls. Can only get to it if you walk into a narrow hallway next to some restaurant. No signs or anything what-so-ever so keep an eye out for a narrow hallway that makes you question where it is leading to! Barely any line at 8:30 pm. Too bad I was already too full from all the beer I drank but still took few bite of the pizza. Like everyone says, it's thin crust pizza with mountains of cheesy goodness. Sure, the pizza might turn out a bit greasy cuz of all the cheese but don't be shy. Just blot it with some napkin and brace yourself for some nice NY-style pizza. :D. . PS. Their white pizza is the best. Treat yourself and indulge in the greasy goodness!
I love pizza; it's my favorite food. I am also very particular about how it's prepared. So I was very apprehensive about the quality of pizza I was going to get at this joint located in the cosmo in las vegas. But after a night at marquee and knowing that my room was only 5 minutes away, I decided to grin and bear it and try the place out. The line was humongous and I could have taken a taxi to and back from spring mt road during that wait, but let me tell you it was definitely worth it. The pizza here is the real deal new york style, the way I like it. The set-up is also classic corner pizzeria, none of that vegas glitz and bling. Nothing else to add, other than the wait sucks and it's like 5 bucks a slice, hence the 4 stars.
I dont know if it was good because we were starving, if it was a secret pizza, or if it was good so I'll say all three!
The best time to go to this place is during the day and off peak hours.  My brothers and I got very lucky around lunchtime on a Saturday of all days.  The line was pretty small and they had a nice variety when I went to the counter to order.  My friends got jealous when I got to order the salami and cheese fresh out of the oven.  The prices were pretty reasonable for the location it was at (Cosmo).  I think it is some of the best pizza I have eaten in years.  . . The crust has just the right chew and crisp.  A single slice would be sufficient due to the size but since we had a busy schedule planned we had to eat when we got the chance.  The cheese itself is bursting with each bite and never once bland.  It has the right amount of igredients to help curb that hunger on the strip.  The salami just oooooh damn I'm just drooling as I'm typing this up.  Screw the over priced buffets and bland drinks at the clubs - just give me another slice already!!!!!
This place is not listed on the hotel directory but outbids next to the entrance of the boulevard
I wouldn't go as far as saying that I'm a fan of this place, because truth be told, I only find this place to be ok on my pizza scale of bad to fantastic. But I'm giving this place 4 stars because regardless of where it falls on my personal pizza scale, it's still a great place for late night eats for cheap. . . The ingredients used here are all super fresh and I love that they offer fresh ricotta cheese as one of the possible ingredients. My gripe with them is the pizza dough--it sucks plain and simple. They could use a lesson from Joe D'Amore on how to make better pizza dough. . . Expect long lines around 1-4 am on weekends from the Marquee club crowd.
secret pizza alright.. never knew the end of a creepy hallway could lead to good after-drinking food. yes, secret pizza is only good to satisfy munchies so don't expect gourmet pizza. if you have a few people with you, best to just order a pie versus a slice - each slice is like $3-4, while a pie is like $22-25. do expect a wait esp in the wee hours of the morning but it really is yum for your tum.
Nice little place tucked away in the back corner of cosmopolitan third floor.. nice pizza
Wish there was more places like this in Vegas.  If you are looking for a quick, inexpensive meal...this is a great option.  It's not quite the quality of the pizza I'm used to in NY but it definitely hit the spot.
This is an extremely good value if you're staying in the central part of the strip.  We were staying at Planet Hollywood, and this was just an easy walk across the over-the-strip walkway.. . But beware!  Make sure you find out what their hours are first and then try to go at an odd time.  If you go at normal lunch hours, for example, you're looking at an hour wait.  If you go at maybe 3pm, you'll walk right up to the counter.. . You have a tasty meal for under $10.  Step outside and sit in the comfy chairs of the Cosmopolitan while you watch others play pool.
Best slice of pizza, in terms of price and quality, here on the strip.  I am so glad that Debbie was there to take us to the Pizzeria because otherwise, we would not know it is located where it did.. . Glanced down the hallway, I see a pinball machine.  We were told that typically, the line is super long and it could take 20 mins or so before weget to eat.  Lucky for us, we did not have to wait long.  The pizza slice is about $5.50 a slice, and additional topping cost $1 more.  A whole pie (big one too), is $27.  My bf loved it, saying that it's his kind of pizza...the thin crust with the qualitative toppings.. . The staff are super friendly as well.  I am a fan of the Pizzeria!
The pizza is better than any other choice you'll have after leaving marquee and may possibly save your life by soaking up all the liquor you've had. No sign but just follow the smell and the line of people coming out of the hallway from the marquee club exit.
hm Yum. It really is kind of a secret, hard to find if you don't know where it is already. If you follow that hallway inside, you can get a slice or wait forever for a whole pizza. The only pizza that's worth it to me is their special white cheese pizza, mozzarella, ricotta cheese, and garlic. YUM. Awesome for a little bite but you  might need to buy 2 slices ($10 at least)
They should call this place 'Top Secret Pizza' . . So when hunger pangs are aflurry at 0400, Secret Pizza is the spot to quell thems.  However, you don't actually know where to find the restaurant per say, so just follow where the pizza boxes are coming from.  Totally super secret - you don't even know it exists where it does, it's so well hidden. . . After finally finding it, you will see that the line will be out the hallway and that there is just one LONG line. Apparently, this secret isn't so secret after all.. . For being in such a fancy establishment, it's pretty hole in the wall.  There isn't anything fancy to it. It actually could use some mopping and/or wiping down of the counters.. . The pizza, frankly, it speaks for itself, and is the reason why you're here - let's just say the guys behind the counter didn't take a break from crackin out them pizzas. With a variety of slices to choose from, even white pizza *GASP* they didn't stop moving. Their pizza was THAT good!. . They've got beer on tap and soda too. Prices affordable. They even deliver to your room if you're staying at the Cosmo. Convenient!  Be sure to check this spot out before you leave.
This place is SO HARD TO FIND. For those who are using Yelp to find this place, it's on the third floor. After you get off the escalator, it's this long hallway to the left of the first dining place you see when stepping off the escalator. Hope this helps since I was searching through multiple Yelp reviews to find any bit of info!. . As for the food, ordered a slice of the combo pizza and the white pizza. Both slightly greasy, but delicious ($4.50 each). Also ordered a cannoli (around $4) for dessert. Really hard to find a place to sit and eat when it's packed. They have bar stools lined up against the walls (not a lot) and a pinball machine or two. . . Would come back for another slice. Picked up cups of water as soda was $4 each!
WOW. This place is SO GOOD. It's cute that it's hidden. I got a slice of the pepperoncini sausage. It was good, but I would recommend the white pizza. I won't go into detail because I'm already starting to crave it. Just get it.
Taste: 4/5. Price: 3.5/5. Rounded up to 4 overall because even if I found the prices expensive in general ($5.00/slice with one topping) it isn't for Las Vegas and for the Cosmopolitan particularly. . The pizza is good and the crust is tasty.
Oh I love Secret Pizza, especially after a long night of dancing at Club Marquee. Ironic that the place is called Secret Pizza, because if the line at 3am is any indication, someone just told everyone about this place. Luckily, both times I went we beat the rush... or should I say set the trend (since a huge line formed right behind us both times hehe). I've had two types of pizza here the White Pizza and two item combo of Sausage and Pepperoni. The White Pizza is my fave, its toppped with ricotta and mozzarella cheese, and we usually add sausage to it. I like how there is absolutely no advertisement of the place on the Cosmopolitan website. But I guess they try to keep it a secret for those who have yet to find it. I have to admit, it was quite an accomplishment when we stumbled upon secret pizza.
This place wasn't as hard to find as I had imagined. Many of the employees at Cosmo were very helpful in pointing out the directions along the way. The inside reminded me a lot of NYC's pizzerias and they even had those ancient arcade games you hardly ever see anymore.. . Though the line wasn't too bad (I came here for lunch), the price for a slice of pizza was a pretty penny. I think ~$5-6 fora slice is a bit pricey, but ordering the whole pizza isn't that much cheaper either, considering the # of toppings.. . The texture of my pizza was crispy and thin, I loved it. I ordered the combo slice with all the toppings. Overall, it was delicious, and a great place to stop by with friends.
Not the best pizza in Vegas, but certainly not the worst, good quality ingredients, generous portion size (for a slice of pie) and quick service.. . I like !. . Drink prices are insane, $4 for a small soda, seriously folks, bring your own drink, other than that, good stuff.
Great New York-style pizza and enjoy the "secretive" aspect to the location. I love that about this place. I enjoyed a slice of meatball and mushroom while hubby had the meatball and pepperoni. Good size slices of pizza (not the obnoxious SBarros size-but a big enough size that one is enough) with a crunchy crust that I love. You can get a whole pizza if you want, but a slice is a great snack too! If you can find it, you won't regret it! :)
Some of the best pizza I've ever had!. . We had a little bit of trouble finding it because my sister had been there before and we were walking around on the wrong floor too stubborn to ask for help but as soon as we asked someone for help we were pointed in the right direction. . . We were a little put off by the $5/slice pricetag but my dad, sister, and I each ordered a piece. The crust came out perfectly and was so crisp without being burnt. I loved that they had shakers of oregano and garlic powder in addition to the usual red pepper and parmesan cheese. My mom decided not to order a piece but ended up taking multiple bites of all of our pizzas because it was so good! . . If you want a quick cheap snack, I would definitely recommend Secret Pizza!
4 stars for the interesting no name 24 hour pizza join hidden in the Cosmopolitan for their yummy pizza!. . Came here back in June after reading about it on Yelp.  My one problem was that I really wasn't that good at finding anything that's "hidden".  . . Well, lucky for me my boyfriend was around and it really wasn't that hidden.  Just follow the smell of pizza and the trail of people with paper plates. . . So it's pizza by the slice any way you want it and it is by no means cheap but it's Vegas and it's in the Cosmopolitan, are you really surprised?  The pizza is really good, not top notch but pretty damn good.  It's got that nice crispy crust with the ooey gooey cheese and whatever the heck you want on top.  The toppings are fresh and delicious!. . Seating isn't great and depending on how busy it is it could be a hot mess.  They've got counter seating and it's extremely limited.  You can always walk it out to the couches down the hall and have a seat there.  Boyfriend and I managed to score seats next to a couple of drunk idiots, but hey it's Vegas.
Found this yummy hidden gem after clubbing at Marquee. It is tucked away right by Marquee's entrance, but there's no name so it's hard to find (hence the SECRET part, heh). We rolled in a little after 4am and there was a LONG line, but we were hungry so we waited. We chatted up with a nice guy that was in front of us, which made the wait go by a little quicker. Love when I don't encounter creepy guys in Vegas! Lol.. . I ended up getting a combo of pepperoni and meatballs. It was really good and I believe it was just under $5 for a generous slice. I kind of regret not getting their white pizza though, since everyone says it's their best one. I'd definitely come back, but next time I'll try to come at a better time when I won't have to wait as long.. . Guess this place is no secret anymore!!
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:. . White Pizza - Fantastic and straight to the point.  Cheesy without being overwhelming and heavy.  1 slice is all you really need to reach contentment unless you're someone with an over-sized appetite.  Pizza is always coming out fresh.  Huge globs of ricotta, total score.  I prefer my white pizzas a little on the creamier side, but this was good enough.  Can't complaint about a $5 slice if you're in Vegas.  Great for late night eats especially if you're staying at thehotel.. . OVERALL:  Great people, love the man behind the counter.  Quick service as well.. . Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
Hands down the best value and not-so-well-kept secret in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. A friend who'd been here before introduced the rest of us to it and we loved it! After getting some expensive munchies at China Poblano we were ready to fill the rest of our stomachs for a lot less, and Secret Pizza delivered. You go down an unmarked hallway on the 2nd floor and it leads to a teeny little hole-in-wall pizza joint like ones you find on virtually every street corner in NY. The guys keep the huge pies coming, which you get by the slice. A slice will run you about $5, depending on toppings and with a draft of PBR it's almost $10 but that's really a bargain in these parts. 'Sides, the pizza is legitimately good. Big and floppy but with a crunch to the crust, it really made me feel nostalgic for the NY slices I used to get. There was a bit of a rush when we got there but the turnover's pretty fast so you should be able to squeeze into some counter space, unless you get there late night, when the real rush is on, with everyone wanting to get some grub on after clubbing or whatever. I did end up coming here again after such a late-night venture and it tasted even better, naturally. If you find yourself in the Cosmo, your visit isn't complete without a slice from Secret Pizza.
Ugh :-( I despise being disappointed by an overhyped joint such as secret pizza. The food is good alright! The meatball ricotta is meaty, vegetarian pizza reminds me of Costco pizza (in a good way), the crust is thin and crunchy. It was all good. Nonetheless, hearing all the praises from yelp and friends and having this illusion about how amazing the pizza here is, I have finally gotten to experience it myself and it fell short of my expectations. Please do not believe the hype. Enjoy your pizza just for what it is and it will probably taste infinitely better.. . Beware of young adults who just exited marquee and entered this place to alleviate their drunchies.
Get a slice.. or the whole pizza. Not pricey at all (for Vegas). Definitely overhyped butit does satisfy with its oily and greasy goodness. Especially good at 4am after you drag your drunken and danced-out bum out of Marquee and are in dire need of some savory carbs. A custom-made, pizza takes about twenty minutes to make. I give this place props for staying open til 5am because they have to deal with some intolerable drunks. Kudos to you guys.
Um, YUM. . This place ain't so secret anymore. . For you newbies, I'm going to keep you guessing, but I would imagine that just scrolling through a few of these reviews would pinpoint this place for you. Hint: Look for the hall.... . Plain and simple, Secret Pizza REALLY needs to be renamed. How about Scrumptious Secret Pizza? But really, this place is so damn good. I've been about half a dozen times now and I've had a consistently tasty product. They have various pre-made pizzas, and then they stick the slice(s) in the oven once ordered. Sounds cheap and "not good," but let me tell you, IT'S GOOD. I love their flattened meatballs and their large pepperoni slices. Hell, it's all good. The crust is really what helps make this pizza way above average..crunchy yet a bit chewy and dusted with flour on the ends. Again..yum. Plain pieces of cheese pie run $4.50, and each topping is $0.50. My meat-lover's slice I had in December ran $6 but it was so worth it. . . . TIP: This place's peak hours tend to be when all the drunkies leave Marquee post 1 or 2 AM (uh...guilty). Be prepared to wait maybe even 30 minutes for that late night snack to soak up all of the alcohol you may have just imbibed in Marquee. . Beware: You want a soda? That'll cost you $4, and it's served in a red solo cup. wait...what? . . Unfortunately, I have to take the ambiance into account...and SP is not exactly what I consider pleasing. Yes, I understand that it went for the New York parlor pizza type of replication, but there are some sketchy people in here pretty often (last time there was a pimp...you just know when you see one).. . However, the staff I've encountered have been pretty laid back and cool. They'll slice your piece in half if you ask!
The fact that it's a secret makes the experience so much better. No, really. I'd even venture to say that the covert nature of this place gives the food more credit than it deserves, but the food itself is still actually really, really good, so it's not just hype at work here. . . The pizza is delicious. They make things simple for you, giving you the choice of standard or white cheese pizza and a few toppings. I'd recommend the white cheese pizza with just one or two toppings. You will rejoice, especially if you are a thin-crust fan. It's great. It's not the best pizza ever, and it could benefit from being less greasy - I think people would be much less forgiving of the copious amounts of grease if this were a standard joint, for example - but it's great pizza, and it'll at least be one of the most memorable slices you'll have. . . They also serve a few desserts; I've only had the New York Cheesecake, which is pretty good, but is definitely overshadowed by the pizza. It's a convenient, in-theme dessert, more or less. . . The staff is a bit split; some of the staff are engaging and receptive, eager to help the lucky wandered-in tourists, while others are surprisingly impatient and blatantly unhappy. In the end they all make awesome pies fresh through-out the day, and it's an over-the-counter place, so it's not too much of an issue. As for the place itself, there's a lot of character in the decor - it's worth a look into the place (if you can find it), even if you're not interested in the food. . . Ultimately, the place undeniably gets a bit more attention than it should because of the secretive set-up, but considering everything, it's a great food experience.
Pretty solid pizza joint. Now, let me preface, I am staying at the Cosmo......would I trek up and down the strip searching for this place if I wasn't staying here?? Maybe. I would say if you are in the nearby vicinity and have a hankering for a decent pie that wont break the bank this is a great place to check out.
Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, I'm not sure how much of a "secret" this place is anymore. Well at least for those of us who live here. I've been here a few times now and each time have really enjoyed my experience. It's nice after a show or having met friends on the Strip to just run in and grab a slice. Most of the time that's all I'm really needing anyhow.. . Once you get down the hallway you walk into what looks like any slice pizzeria I've ever been in. You wait in line, order up a big slice of whatever they have made in the last 10 minutes, and find a little counter space to enjoy pizza and wine/beer. . . Every time I've been here they I've gotten through the line quickly, the staff  has been friendly, and the pizza has been good. It is a bit pricey for a slice but you're on the Strip so that's what can be expected. If you weren't being overcharged then it wouldn't be a Las Vegas restaurant. . . All in all I like this place and will probably stop in again if I'm dragged to the Strip.
I love the simplicity of this place. I would think that its in the Cosmo hotel that it will be very fancy, artsy and complicated but no its just a little hidden pizza shop that you would find in New York. You can tell it is very fresh, theres only like 3-4 pizzas to choose from. The best thing is the location, right across from the popular Marquee. This type of food is way better than earls sandwiches on a drunk night.
Once I found out about this place, I always have to get pizza here after clubbing at Marquee! I don't eat meat so the white sauce pizza is what sells me on this place. It is delicious! My friends are all carnivores so we got a pepperoni pizza pie the first night, but they were all raving about the white sauce pizza the second night. . . If you go after 2pm, prepare for a long line and sometimes, creepy drunk guys. And if you are ordering an entire pizza pie, plan to wait at least 40 minutes longer. However, if you don't mind waiting and find watching drunk people entertaining, then you should definitely try this place out!
After a million (10) people telling me that this no name pizza joint was the best pizza ever, after a great night at Marquee, we had to try it. We had mushroom, vegetarian, white, cheese and something else and I thought it was a good slice of pizza but definitely not nearly as good as the reviews are saying. Maybe it's because everyone who recommended it had it while they were drunk as hell or just don't get out enough and explore with pizza but it was really not all that. They don't serve any pizza with chicken on it nor do they have ranch!!!! How disappointing. My 4 stars is because I feel bad giving them less, and $4.50 a slice is a little steep but I would pay double/triple if it was amazing which it wasn't. I'm sure if you are drunk, it is the best pizza ever, but room service at the Cosmo is WAY better.
All my friends know, after a long night out my first instinct is to go home and go to sleep. After hanging out at the Chandelier bar, my friend took me to the Secret Pizza next to Marquee. We were there slightly before the drunken crowd was about to get out, so we didn't have a long line. But it was pretty awesome going down dark hallway and seeing a tiny pizza kitchen! They really have a great business going on, they make the pizza's pretty fast and knowing their main clientele will be hungry drunks, they charge $4 for a slice! Not going to lie drunk or sober, it's pretty delicious. The New York style thin curst cheese pizza was worth it! I don't like eating after a certain time but the pizza hit the spot! Definitely going back to this place.
Pricy, but not so much compared to other things on the Strip, and it tasted pretty good.
It's just like any other pizza, except it isn't.. . The slices here are crisp and greasy, but expensive if you're paying attention. The foodie in me was slightly underwhelmed. Did I really just pay $12 for two slices of pizza?. . I did, and it was the most incredible drunk meal I've ever had.
I cant believe I haven't written about Secret Pizza before. Located in the ultra-douchy Cosmopolitan Hotel (way more than a little bit of wrong), 3rd floor in between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. Trust me, late nights this place is far from a secret as the line will stretch all the way from the counter down a really long hallway that's adorned with record covers. Naturally said line will be filled with drunkenloud mouth assholes, ignore them and keep your eye on the prize and you shall me rewarded with greatness. . . The service is kind of rude but I guess I would be bitchy too if I were dealing with stupid drunkards all night long. Anyways, they had Stone IPA on tap for $5, hell yeah! Now I can be a drunkard too with skunky IPA breath! Anyways you can order up huge slices of pizza from whats already on the counter or you can order a whole pie. We usually opt for the whole pie and adorn it with mozzarella, meatballs and fresh garlic, no sauce. It comes in a box, natch, but this box is super portable.. you can take your pizza to the area over by the conference rooms where there are tons of lounge spaces and not a soul around. . . My gawd this pizza is amazing! The crust is perfectly chewy with just the right amount of crispiness along the edges. I love the stringy melted cheese and thick slabs of meatball in every bite. Slurping my IPA along with this killer pizza made the wait all worth while.
Lets say ..I am not a big fan of pizza..I eat it, I somehow enjoy it but you will never hear me say "oh man I want some ZA" ...but this spot is the bomb dot com. SOOOO simple, yet soooo good. How didn't they think about a spot like that somewhere else is something I don't understand. But the cosmo did a great job with the concept and the location.. . If you ask employees..they wont tell you and deny its existant. I like that..kinda keeps the mood of its "secretness" and makes it more exciting. Then when you gt there it's a pizza , soda and beer place ..that is it. But man..it really doesn't need anything else!!. . The price can get a little high, but the large pie is pretty big. The wait tog et your pizza cooked can be a little annoying specially if its packed like it usually is. This is the biggest down side for me, because I hate waiting , I hate big lines..but I do understand that sometimes for good food there should be some sacrifices made.. . Seats are very limited...actually space is very limited so plan on either standing up or taking your pizza to go.Does it worth it?? For pizza fans def does..for me...well Ill wait if the line is little if not...ill just come another time.. . This is a thin crust pizza , with plenty of flavor and character.Def recommending it to you guys . should I tell you exactly where it is?? Nah...Ill let you suffer
So much for being the secret pizza place when everyone now knows of its existence.  Oh well, the more the merrier!  . . Love their pizzas here; their white pizza is my favorite!  It's a tad bit expensive but totally worth it.  Also a great place to eat after a fun night out at Marquee!
Closest I've come to New York pizza, which will always hold my heart as #1 pizza on Earth!. . THIN CRUST OVER ANY OTHER TYPE OF PIZZA!. Every slice is a bit of heaven! If I couldn't get fat, I would have a pizza only diet (http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ll075po7cH1qbyk3yo1_500.png). ^_^ I have to stop by whenever I'm in viva las Vegas! . . I dont even want to mention it, in case they ever run out for all the yelpers eating my pizza.. but you have to get extra sundried tomatoes on any slice of pizza you have. THEY ARE SO FLAVORFUL AND DELICIOUS!!!!! They really make the pizza. You're welcome.. . Open 24/7. Moderately priced! $5 bucks a slice. Located in Cosmo. "Secret" location not listed in directory, but you can find it in other yelp review/tips! Yum yum save me a slice :)
I doubt it's still a secret as to how to find this joint, but just in case someone needs a tip: There's a hallway on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. If you're coming up the escalators, it'll be almost directly in front of you.. . I've had their pizza a handful of times and have always enjoyed it. Today was no exception. I went with something simple: Their white pie (garlic sauce and healthy chunks of ricotta cheese) with sundried tomatoes. Deeee-licious! Their crust is fantastic (LOVE thin crust). Now, it's not my absolute favorite white sauce, but it's still damn good. And if you're not a white sauce fan, their red sauce is fabulous too. Also, if you're not on the go or in a hurry, get the whole pie and take it home! Worth the savings (a slice of white pie is $5 compared to a whole white pie for $30). Oh, but pass on the fountain drink though; it's a red Solo cup for four bucks. Yikes.
Don't know how much of a 'secret' it really is but its found in the Cosmo next to Jaleo. No name, no sign, just a hallway loaded with framed photos and first thing you see at the end of the hall are 2 pinball machines and a flat screen tv hanging from the wall. At first I thought this was one of those casino arcades but my sister assured me theres a pizza place inside. Going all the way in, sure enough it's there. Pretty small area, no frills, one of those menu boards where you can snap plastic letters onto it. Board did mention they have house made pickled peppers but didn't try those. One downside there was no open view of the toppings or posted anywhere unless I totally missed it. They sell by the slice or 16" whole pies so they had a few pies you could see over the counter. The sausage and pepperocinis on white sauce looked intriguing. We ordered half of that and other half had sun-dried tomatoes. Ricotta comes on top of all white pizzas too.. The pizza is NY style and it didn't disappoint in that aspect. It was very flavorful. Slices were big n floppy. Nice and thin, crust was nice and chewy. Edge crust still had a nice slight crispness on the outside. Pretty good if you're looking for a decent NY style pizza fix on or near the strip. A bit pricey($34.50 whole pie 1.5 topping)but theres not alot that isnt on the strip. White garlic sauce was good with the ricotta but I'd probably still prefer the Gilroy pizza during happy hour at Sierra Gold tavern. Especially when its only $10 for a whole 16" during those special times and an awesome pizza to boot.
Great pizza at The Cosmo!  It's on the third floor, around the corner from Holstein's... in sort of a hidden alleyway.  It's not so "secret" anymore because it seems like everyone knows about this place now.. . I tried the white pizza, pepperoni, and the sausage/banana pepper pizzas.  My favorite was definitely the white pizza.  Who can resist white sauce, ricotta cheese, and GARLIC on pizza?  It was also the one that was the least soggy and held up the best.  I love myself a thin-crust, firm NY-style pizza.  At $5 it's really pricey for just a slice of pizza though.. . I will be back (again and again and again!).
Vegas has a serious lack of great pizza places. Thankfully The Secret Pizza Place helps make up for that. Delicious and thin slices ready to go!! Fun to take dates or visitors to Sin City as it is a "secret."
I did not go to the location, but I did eat the pizza. We had $100 credited to the room and decided to spend it here. Crust was nice and thin but chewy which is how I like my pizza. Yum! Perfect ending to a late night out!
Yo! So this pizza joint is the truth. Well, the taste is anyway. Prices are a little steep with a plain slice being $4, and toppings at 50. But if you're on the strip, and in the mood for a good NY thin crust pizza, this is your place!
Yup... It's a New York Slice. While this type of slice if commonplace in NYC, they are few and far between outside of NYC. On the left coast I would only rate this place and Mulberry of Beverly Hills as being the 2 pest places to score a NYC style slice. . . Often imitated but never duplicated... A thin, doughy crust, with a little crispness, easy on the cheese, and a sweet basil tomato sauce. . . A real NY pizza expert will start with a slice of cheese. This one made the grade. I was also a fan of the sausage and banana pepper.. . The ambiance - Full of drunken Californians mostly. There will be some women walking barefoot and carrying their shoes. Possibly a couple natives from the land of vegas. Feels much more sterile than a NYC place, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
I love how this place is "hidden". How fun!. . The white pizza is amazing and great for a quick snack or meal. Not a bad attempt at a New York Slice!
a cool little pizza spot hidden on the 3rd floor of the cosmo.  their cannoli's are DELICIOUS!! they weren't just sitting in some fridge casing and served cold where it's all hard and stale.  it tasted so fresh and after a night at marquee, it tasted like the best thing i ever ate... i should probably go back during the day and see if it's still good as i remember. haha!  definitely worth a try if you're in the cosmo though!
I love thin crust pizza. Had the sausage with banana peppers. Pizza was really good. Went at 4am and there was still a line. Worth the wait.
It's not a secret.   Well, if it once was it's not anymore.. . But there's a reason everyone knows about this place.    An absolutely perfect slice of pizza in the least likely of places.     . . Massive lineups late at night.    Worth the wait.
There is something about a slice of tomato pie from a little-known, hole-in-the-wall with a great rep.  To further add to the mystique of this place, there are no signs announcing it.  And then there is the name..."Secret Pizza"...that did it for me...I had to try it.. . I was immediately impressed with the fresh ingredients added to my  slice opting for onions, 'rooms and 'roni.  The crust was as close to the east coast as is possible out here in the desert.  It reminded me a bit of Pepe's in New Haven even though they use a modern gas fired pizza oven to cook their pies.. . The service was great for a pizza joint.  Any cashier that volunteers free refills on the soft drinks is getting my business.  The only thing holding this place back is the lack of tables and stools.  We made due with the limited counter space.. . This gem, just seconds off the strip on the third floor of the Cosmo, is a sure thing and a great, casual alternative to Pink's Hot Dogs across the street.
The secret is out! How long has this place been open for? I never even knew until most recently. It's inside the Cosmopolitan hotel. You should be able to find it after leaving the Marquee nightclub. There's no signs for it. Only a weird walkway with vintage images on the wall. The great thing is the cool factor about asking around to find this place. The adventure and finding your treasure makes it awesome! . . The pizza here is okay. It looks similiar to a NY thin slice pizza.. Only it doesn't taste as good. If your drunk then this thing is amazing. I had the white pizza. It had a lot of garlic and a bold cheese taste. It was a little too greasy but hey it's pizza.. so why am I even complaining...I would definitely eat this again when I'm looking for a slice of pizza. It's not expensive and probably the cheapest thing to buy inside the Cosmopolitan.
A slice of pizza...Good.
Delicious, delicious pizza, and in a secret location -- very tempting for anyone looking for cheap thrills in Las Vegas ;). . The pizza is very, very, NYC-style, with crispy thin crusts that you can fold, and you can put whatever you like on it, as long as they have it.. . This place is not exactly cheap, but definitely much easier on your wallet than the other stuff in the better casinos and hotels. You could go to McDonald's for lunch, but why bother when you have Secret Pizza?
This is the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas so far, considering I don't normally wander too far from the strip. The bottom crust could be a bit more crisp, but when you're coming out of Marquee, it's just right there, and a couple of hot slices of pizza makes for the best night cap.. . Best story about this place, a few friends and myself decided to get some pizza around midnight, and a few girls were coming out of Marquee. They see us eating pizza at a table in front of one of the other restaurants on this level and come up to us asking where we got this pizza. I point over to the general direction of the hallway that leads to the pizzeria, and she just gives me this look and says, "Are you sure you didn't get it from here?" pointing to the restaurant behind me, which is CLEARLY closed with the bars down and the servers counting down the registers. I'm pretty sure I did NOT get this pizza from a closed restaurant...
Good choice for a quick bite to eat. The sausage is tasty and the crust is super crispy. I'm not sure how 'secret' this place is. It's relatively easy to find on the third floor of the hotel... just look for the hallway of record cases on the wall. Relatively cheap for Vegas standards.
Sometimes you just want a big slice of pizza and sometimes it can't be kept a secret.
The walk up and down the stairs of Marquee was so draining we decided to grab some pizza to gain back some energy. The pizza is somewhat expensive...about $7/slide if ordered individual. The location is hard to find...no wonder it's a secret :) We ordered a whole pie - deluxe which gives you the option to add up to 5 toppings for $35 total. It took about 20 mins to get our pie and it was just perfect for our group of 7. The only downside is the limited seating area inside so we had to eat at one of the tables by the pool table.
This place has great pizza and it's open late! Definitely worth coming after a long night of clubbing! Make sure you come early or you will encounter a long long line! Yes, it's that good! I highly recommend the ricotta  pizza.
Good pie, its all about the heavenly crust, thin with a snap. Their meatball topping really made my day. It is on the 3rd level next to the Japanese place. Go mid afternoon to avoid the drunken mobs, besides you need to give your liver a break some time during the day. I'll be back for the white pizza.
The secret is really less of a novelty than we originally believed. We were expecting something slightly more unique than a little pizza kitchen shoved in a spare corner of the restaurant level in a hotel. Nevertheless, I would not visit this place for a uniqueexperience. However, that doesn't make this place bad. The pizza was quite good and the service was incredible. The young guys running the show were extremely nice in a genuine way - a refreshing difference from the "las vegas stick my hand in your pocket and take as much as I can" nice. . . I would say if you're within a close stumble to the Cosmo, and you're looking for a quick and tasty snack, you'd be stupid not to pick up a slice here.
I don't know how long they've had deep dish slices, but I've never seen them until this recent visit.  . . We grabbed up a pepperoni deep dish which was pretty decent, but not close to my favorite. The plus is that its nicely crispy and not doughy, lots of pepperoni  and sauce and cheese in it. Its much more filling than the thin slice so I suppose you get more bang for your buck with that.  . . We got a slice of white pizza as well. This is one of my favorites here and the BF liked it a lot too. Its also good with their sliced sausage on it. I think if you wan't something besides a basic pepperoni, I think this is the best one they have to offer. Slices start at $4.50 for a already made slice or you can order in a whole pizza as well (I believe the last time I ordered one it was about $20ish for a 1 topping). Of course, having it fresh made is slightly better than getting a slice that's been sitting. They serve a few beers on tap or soda, and there is a water dispenser out with water cups. Other than that, they serve nothing else - just 'za! . . I think the "secret pizza" is not so secret, but if you aren't sure where it is, it's on the same floor as most of their restaurants. It's right next to Blue Ribbon Sushi, you'll just see a random corridor of albums and you'll see a arcade machine visible at the end. Theres some stools or standing bar. Youcan walk your slice out into lobby of this area as there's plenty of seating and a pool table even. . . Good quick bite when here in Cosmo, a good idea to order a pizza instead of room service, not something I would venture to the strip just to get though. Still, I am a fan and manage to end up here every time I'm on the property!
We enjoyed our first visit to secret pizza. The prices were high but expected for the strip. Service was very friendly and fast. Pizza was delicious. I would recommend it and we will probably be back.
Good, fast and cheap late night pizza at $5 a slice. 3rd floor in unmarked hallway. . Crisp and tasty but pretty greasy so blot away
I was so dazzled by the interior of the Cosmopolitan that I couldn't tell you exactly how to get to Secret Pizza. Ok...fiiiiine, keep an eye out for the album-filled hallway on the third floor. We stopped by around 3pm, so there was no line, although all the seats were taken.. . We selected a cheese slice topped with ricotta and sliced sausage and a cheese slice with meatballs and onions. I thought it was a little pricey for two slices with two toppings each.  I guess I'm just not used to paying $4.50-$5.00 a slice. The pizza was really really good. The crispy crust was slightly charred, adding a touch of bitterness to the sweetness of the crust and savoriness of the topping. Loved. Every. Bite. The toppings were really good. Especially the sausage. House-made?. . Water cooler near the register for those feeling a bit dehydrated from too much sun or whatever. Nice touch. :). . BF received a call from his friend looking for Secret Pizza....if a sober local guy needed help finding it, gawd help the drunk!. . The front of their paper menus just say "pizzeria". :)
When they say secret ,they ain't lying. it was pretty hard to find. it's tucked away in a hallway that you'll walk right past several times. BUT the pizza was good. I called in and ordered two pies to go to take back to the family. A little pricey, just over $50 for two large pizzas, but it was good pie. I was annoyed that even though I had ordered ahead, I had to wait in line for 15 minutes to get my pizzas, buthey, not a huge deal. All in all, i'll def go back for a late night slice..or three
While walking around the Cosmopolitan hotel after a long night of partying, clubbing, gambling or lounging around, chances are that you'd probably be hankering for something quick and that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. (And chances are, you may have already lost an arm and a leg at one of the tables).. . In probably the worst kept secret about the hotel, Secret Pizza (honestly, I think the place has no official name and "Secret Pizza" just sorta became the de facto name over time) offers people from all walks of life a slice of New York styled pizza at reasonable prices in one of the swankier hotels on the Strip.. . Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan and tucked away in the restaurant area (read, baller food court), you'll see a hallway that could pass as a restroom access area. If you smell pizza and you see some old vinyls decorating the walls, you're on the right track. Just keep going and you'll soon be in line for pizza, made available essentially all day. You can also tell you're in the area once you start seeing more people walking or sitting around with pizza on paper plates.. . Secret Pizza has a couple pinball machines to keep people preoccupied a bit, as they scarf down that 'za. The quality (particularly of the pepperoni) is pretty damn comparable to New York styled pizza (for all I know, they could have brought some of the water to Las Vegas).. . A big slice and a drink can run you just shy of $10 bucks, which isn't bad, considering where you're at. They also serve beer, served in red plastic cups, naturally. After all, you need to keep that party mentality going back at the suite, right?. . My only suggestion is that the place consider a wider beer selection and offer glasses to drink out of. There's a considerable difference in drinking beer out of a plastic cup versus drinking out of a glass. Outside of that, I realized that it's the place's secretive location in a nice resort and design that has made it one of the best known places for a late night slice.
Definitely a secret, this place is so well hidden in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The door was closed when I went during the day and was kind of confused on how to even get in. Great place for a quick bite (individually sold slices). I didn't know this place was open late until walking back from Marquee one night. WIll definitely have to stop by late night during the next Vegas trip.
Secret Pizza is delicious.  I had the White pizza, I think it had goat cheese on it, so lots of flavor.  Not a lot of seating, line can get pretty long too.  There are some great living room set-ups near by for sitting.
THIS PLACE IS CLUTCH. . Unlike everything in cosmo, this place is relatively cheap! Pretty good pizza for about $6 a slice or if you want a whole pizza it's about $27. . . Only thing that sucks is that there's usually a line, especially if you go after midnight. . . Definitely recommend calling ahead of time and placing an order. I've waited an hour for a pizza but it was definitely worth it.
If you're at Marquee or doing anything at the Cosmo this place is a MUST. It is perfect to satisfy those late night or post-dayclub drunchies. Be prepared to wait in a long line after midnight and to have an even longer wait if you're ordering a whole pizza. But it is worth it!. . The thin crust is perfectly crisped and the cheese is ooey and gooey. You can pick your slice and they warm it up for you. They have a free water dispenser (because you know you're at that point in the night when you need to hydrate) and also sell beer and wine if you're still in party mode. . . If you're looking for this place and there is no line to spot: third floor next to the Marquee entrance down a hallway lined with vinyls.
"SHH! What's the secret?!". . Really, there is no secret cause it's pretty obvious where all the after party goers straight out of Marquee go when they are done clubbing.  And for those that don't know or are a bit reluctant at getting in line, just trust yourself and follow the smell of oven... baked... pizza.. . Yeah, I didn't think you'd resist, and neither could I.. . I LOVED Secret Pizza... if only for an after clubbing meal cause my ass surely was already dehydrated, and the idea of tomato pasta sauce to "quench my thirst" was more than enough.. . The pizza was delicious, even though I'm sure the alcohol made it taste better.  The crust was doughy and delicious, and a very generous sized slice for your stomach.  The Pepperoni Sausage was a personal favorite!  Gotta go for the meats to curb the appetite.. . The only thing I was sad about was that if you wanted to order a whole pizza for yourself, it could only be one kind (as in you can't have half of it be veggies, and the other half be pepperoni salami meat lovers delight).  But fair enough- it helps keep the crowd moving.. . By all means, spread this little secret.  It'll make your Vegas clubbing night just that much better.  (Following this you should be going back to your hotel and partying some more)
White pizza.
Best Pizza in Vegas!!! Believe the hype! The wait sucks, but it's because everyone is leaving Marquee for some bomb pizza! Get the pepperoni and sausage pizza. So good.
Ok, is this really a secret? I was impressed, since I had not heard of it and when I decided to go hunt for it, all I knew was that it was in the Cosmopolitan. As I combed the floors, I felt like I was playing a game of clue. It did not matter who I asked, the answer was the same, "If I tell you it will no longer be a secret". I pursued it and believe me it was worth the hunt. The pizza was excellent, with the crust crunchy to the center and the toppings were generous. I swear, it was like playing hard to get, the more I could not find it the more I wanted it. If you are out downtown and are able to drunkenly find it, it will taste even better. The later it is the longer the line and they are open until 4:00am...Delicious and so Vegas!
Go to the 3RD FLOOR and look for a HALLWAY full of pictures and DUN DUN DUN, you're in the secret pizza lair. Lol. . The pizza is on point! CRISPY crust and ooey gooey cheeeese like that NINJA TURTLE PIZZA !. -COWABUNGA DUUUUDES!. . Def gotta put that Parmesan, Peppers, and Garlic Powder!. The cheese pizza and white slice pizza are hella bomb . -the toppings are just the icing on the cake. . People call it secret pizza but it seems like everybody in Cosmo knows about it! . If you really appreciate pizza, try this spot out!
Fun little hidden place near the Marquee with solid pizza served by dudes in Yankees/Giants gear. (For that authentic touch). . The pizza is solid but, damn, they are proud of it... $5 a slice isn't bad until you want two and a drink or two... a whole pie is in the $30 range. Ouch!. . Then again, its the only spot in this part of the Cosmo  to grab a solid bite without sitting down so I guess you gotta pay to play.. . Pepperoni was good, but the highlights were the white pizza and pepperoni/sausage/meatball combo. I will be back for a slice of those next time I return!
If you're lost and trying to find Secret Pizza, there is a glass elevator outside the Marquee Club which leads to the 3rd floor. Exit to the right and follow the hallway decorated with mostly 50's and 60's vinyl album covers despite the 80's rock being pumped overhead.  The pizza is NY style with a slightly charred crust on top but we could handle a little more char on the bottom. We ordered a whole white pie and were very satisfied. Besides a couple pinball machines and a retro multi-arcade machine, there are only a couple counters with stools to sit at.  We decided to hang out at the lounge area just outside that has several couches, cozy chairs, and a pool table.  Overall, Secret Pizza will be added to our regular hangouts in LV.. . ***UPDATE***. We've been to Secret Pizza twice and ordered the white pizza, so we got several other slice varieties on our last trip.  We both walked away from the experience much less satisfied than our prior experience with the white pizza.  The other stuff just just can't beat it.
It's not really too secret since I'm writing a review and we found out about it online. However, it was pretty cool searching for the place and then finding it in a little nook inside the ever-so-trendy hotel.. We got lucky as far as timing goes because the line quickly picked up after we got there. I ordered a cheese slice and it was delicious hot and fresh.. The only complaint I had was the wait time. It was pretty long considering that almost everyone was ordering pizza I would have expected to move swiftly. Hey, I got my slice and that's what counts.
Love the pizza here.  I am in general not a huge fan of pizza and the last time I came, I stood in line for 45 minutes at 3 am for a couple slice of their pizza.  That is how much I crave for their pizza.
The best new york style I've had in las vegas, worth the stop if you're hungry and close by.
It was a pain in the ass to find the first time around, but who can forget a place like this  after trying Secret PIzza's delicious NY style pizza.. . We got a white pizza and a pep and sausage pizza when we first came here and with every trip since then, this is the first thing we pick up after finding our hotel room. . . I would suggest ordering a whole pizza and eating on the spot if you aren't staying at Cosmo. You'll be able to enjoy each bite the way it was intended right out of the even. Just hope that there is a spot to sit down and eat as it does get pretty packed depending on what time you go. Unfortunately, it was packed one time and we took a taxi ride back to our hotel after picking up the pizza one time. By the time we got back it wasn't as fresh, hot, and tasty.. . The down side is that the pizza is REALLY greasy  so if you're a health nut you might want to stay away. If you are going to order a whole pizza, it does take a while for it to come out. Also, if you order by the slice, beware its not going to be as good as when its right out of the oven. My girlfriend and I bought two slices that were sitting out and man were we disappointed. They even reheated it for us in the oven. The price is also pretty high...$20 for a whole pizza if I remember correctly.. . In the end, the positives outweigh the negatives. Imagining the tastes of each bite at this moment gets my mouth watering. Secret Pizza is a place I would recommend to anyone who loves pizza and is in Vegas. And if you don't, maybe this establishment will change your mind. It's that good!
In the Cosmopolitan there is an un-named pizza place that has some pretty good pizza slices. I had the Supreme and the White Pizza. Both were delicious and very flavorful, even when cold. The white pizza has a sausage that is full of flavor and can cure any Vegas hangover. Highly recommended but I hope you can find it!
The Secret Pizza place is the perfect ending to a night of mayhem at the Cosmopolitan. . It's located on the 3rd level, next to Jaleo and Blue Sushi Bar and Grill. Just head down the hallway with record covers on the wall (no, it's not the hallway for the bathrooms).. There is usually a steady line for a slice of heavenly pizza, but well worth it. It does tend to be a little greasy, but to be honest... after a few drinks, it makes the pizza even better! . . Just be careful not to drop your pizza on the floor... it's a waste of good ingredients. (yes, I did this)
With so many places to eat in Vegas, I'm always looking for suggestions.  My coworkers unanimously sent me here, and they weren't wrong.  The pizza was great - thin, crispy and cheesy!  The prices were fine for what you got, and we didn't have any problems finding a seat during lunch hours.  I'll definitely be back when I'm in town again.
If you're going to Marquee, this place will be on your way as you exit, just ask the bouncer at the end of the escalators which way to go. It's usually a long line with a bunch of drunk girls, but hey..it's vegas! Slice of pizza is $3-$5 and a whole pizza is $27-$30. The whole pizzas are a long wait, but it's worth it since it's fresh and you get to pick your toppings.  There's also no tables, the place is small where you just order, get your food and split. . . Secret Pizza will soon be the new Earls for late night vegas druncheis
They raised prices since opening which is disappointing.  They are at $5 a slice now :( I think I would rather just eat earl of sandwhich across the street.  Also you pretty much have to get a slice that they have premade.  You cant really choose your toppings unless you order an entire pie.. . Order a whole pie over the phone and pick it up.  it is the best deal.  TIP: Call a couple hours in advance cause they get super busy!!. . Pepperoni pizza is hella greasy!
Thin crust, sausage, cheese.. Just what you need.. They have a variety of different and specialty pizzas that don't show up on the board. Out of nowhere they bring up a deep dish Chicago style pizza with a generous helping of pepperoni.  It's kind of hard to find as it's a unmarked hallway with retro rock band posters.
Walking through the Cosmo we saw some people eating pizza so we knew we were close!  Found it near by. I won't say where though.  Love it!  Just a nice NY style pizza place. I can't imagine a better late night stop.
Best NY style pizza in Vegas.  I know since I used to work in NYC for years and been to Vegas many times.  The place is very hard to find and I actually had to call them up to see where they're at.  Once there, it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be.  It suits much better for to go than to eat in.  I ordered plain cheese and a sausage.  Both are very good and comparable to NYC pizza.  . . As for price, well, you are inside Cosmo and will pay the price for that.  If you want cheaper, you need to eat away from the strip.
Really good pizza and late hours...a little hard to find though. . . They have pre-made pizzas or you could wait a bit longer and get your own pie. We were hungry so we got a few pre-made slices and added mushrooms all over the top..so good! They heat it back up again in the oven so its nice, toasty, and crunchy when it comes out. I liked both crusts, the flat and thick and love the toppings they offer! Lots of different cheeses and sausages and of course mushrooooomsss mmm
Luckily when I came here, there wasn't a super long line.  I came here with New Yorkers who were visiting Vegas for the first time.  Their pizza was NY Style flat crust, wide slices.  Oh man, they were either going to like it or hate it!!!. . For myself, I liked the pizza and that they offered PBR on tap.  It's a cheap quick meal in a casino/hotel that didn't have a lot of budget friendly options.  The NY friends of mine had mixed reactions.  A few said it was legit and very authentic and some didn't really care for it.  The one key about the pizza is the crust...it's crunchy and not soft/doughy.  That "crunch" is a rare thing...the crust wasn't dry but still had a nice crunch.  . . I appreciated that they took credit cards for paying but it's always a tossup as to what pizzas that they have available for slices.  The only way to know is to ask when you order or to look over the counter to see what they have.
I was so excited to find this place! The Yelp reviews led me the right direction.. . The workers were really nice, espeically considering how hard and fast they were working b/c of the huge crowd. . . I love that they offer free water! The sodas were $4 for a solo cup size but the nice cold water fit the bill to wash down my slice. . . I wish I'd waited for my slice to cool a bit before I went after it. It was so fresh and hot that picking it up caused the toppings to slide around. I went folded style and it was greasy good. . . I'll try it again next time and chill out for a minute while it cools!
It was a Friday night in Vegas, we were about to paint the town all sorts of colors and we needed a little snack before consuming alcohol. Our friend had told us about the "Secret Pizza" that was somewhere inside the Cosmo, and with that our search began.. . It honestly wasn't that hard to find and there wasn't much of a line when we went but right after, a huge group came in. PERFECT TIMING. The pizza is fairly thin and mad greasy, get those napkins ready! I had the pepperoni and sausage pizza and it was a solid piece of pizza. Best I've ever had? Nah, brah. It was still pretty good and wouldn't mind venturing there again in a drunken stupor.
Most ironic name ever, since everyone knows about this place. For a good reason of course. After a night of clubbing we decided to take the trip to the Cosmo to get a slice of this and we were not disappointed! Just be prepared to wait, and wait, and wait. But when you get your slice you won't care anymore. I echo the sentiments of many of my fellow reviewers, i don't usually eat the crust but it's so damn good i just had to. Will be coming back.
This place really is a secret!. . Approaching my Vegas trip, a friend told me to check out this place in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  I don't know how he found out about it, but apparently this place had really good pizza and was hidden somewhere in the Cosmo.  Oh it was hidden all right.  When I jumped on the Cosmopolitan hotel website to find a list of their restaurants....no listing for this place.  Luckily I stumbled on it here on Yelp, listed as "Secret Pizza".. . I followed other reviewers' directions and hints for finding the place: it's down a sorta-hidden hallway next to the pool tables on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo.  We could smell pizzas in the oven once we got to the 3rd floor, so we knew we were in the right place.  Even in the hotel there was no mention of this pizza place and no signs pointing towards it.  Even the restaurant is unnamed!. . But my friend was right, the pizza was delicious (although I think its novelty partially adds to the taste, haha)!  Crispy crust, fresh-tasting dough, and a delicious blend of cheese/sauce as topping!  I got the white pizza (feta and mozzerella cheeses instead of tomato sauce) with mushrooms on it.  I guess because mushrooms aren't a super popular topping, the chef just put raw mushrooms on a slice of white pizza before sending it through the oven to heat it up.  It's okay; still super good!!. . White pizza with mushrooms - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=RcmzA0Mj4T73Ytmdtj-ByQ#RcmzA0Mj4T73Ytmdtj-ByQ. . We lucked out coming in at 2pm, which I guess isn't part of the lunch crowd, so there wasn't a line.  However, I've heard there can be a pretty long line for this place, especially in the wee hours of the morning when the nightclubbers come out of Marquee.. . Good luck! :)
Definitely a fun place to find as you act like its a scavenger hunt in Vegas, the pizza was as New York as it gets in that part of town.. . Some might be turned off by the total lack of seating and long lines but all that is forgotten when you bite into your first slice.
Cheesey pizza?  Check.  Crispy and chewy crust?  Check and Check.  An outrageous amount of delicious grease?  Check that too.  I ordered one slice each of pepperoni and white pizza.  Both were good.  The pepperoni pizza reminded me a lot of what I get back home only with more cheese.  It was good and very hot.  I burned my mouth on that first bite.  Bummer.  Then came my slice of white pizza.  White sauce and a mixture of cheeses make this a very rich slice of pie.  I thoroughly enjoyed it while eating it but it did leave an off putting after taste in my mouth.  I can't quite place it.  It was almost floral.  Maybe it was the basil or something in the ricotta cheese.  I don't really know.  At least it was good while I ate it.  I also ordered a cup of Coke.  The grand total for this cheese feast was $14.  Seriously!?  For two slices of pizza and a Coke?  It seems high to me. That being said, given its location in one of the most high end places on the Las Vegas Strip, I should expect nothing less.  The pizza is good.  Not $5 per slice good but they have you right where they want you and you are at their mercy.  Or lack there of.  And for that I give them props for a sucessful business plan.. . Given the popularity and the long line to get a slice of pie, I think a more apt name for this place would be "Not So Secret Pizza."  Though I did have to ask where it was.  So maybe it is still a little bit of a secret.
Secret Pizza is a great addition to the culinary group that the Cosmopolitan has to offer, and here are a couple of reasons why:. . 1. If you are looking for something cheap, easy to eat, and convenient at odd/normal hours, this is the place for you. After a night of gambling and walking the strip all I wanted was some comfort food and I knew exactly which alley way to turn into. . . 2. They limit your selection -- meaning it isn't a vegas buffet in which you way 30+ bucks and have billions of things to choose from. It's more like you have 10 bucks and you should just choose 2 huge new york slices that will satisfy your tummy for a while...unless you can handle more but that's all you!. . 3. They have a unique white sauce pizza that has a dollops of ricotta cheese and tastes like high caloric heaven, but is worth every bite. . . 4. The beauty is in the simplicity. A simple menu, simple products, simple food, simple happiness. There isn't an easier key to great food. Yes there might be a long line of drunkies at 2am, but that's why you plan ahead ;) Seating is an issue because the place is literally a narrow alley, but the great thing about pizza is that it's a walk and eat kind of item. . . 5. If you think that the slice is missing something you can add individual toppings for a cost and they will do it begrudgingly, for a SINGLE slice! Something I think that other pizza places can definitely learn from. . . Definitely a must visit in Vegas and it is in on the my favorite hotels on the strip, a perfect fit!
If you happen to be in or around the Cosmopolitan hotel and want a quick bite, this place might be worth checking out. It's located on the same floor as STK, almost directly across from it. It doesn't have a sign to tell you it's there and it's located through a small little hallway, so it may be a little bit tricky to find. . . This place has New York style pizza. You can order by the slice, and if you want extra toppings on it, just ask and they'll put it on before reheating it in their oven. Very simple pizza but tasty. It's a very small place, and basically standing room only. This place is more of a grab and eat on the go because you can't really dine in. Worth checking out if you're close by, and who doesn't love pizza when they are drunk?
Tasty, big slices and only two draft beer taps but one was Stone IPA. Cool atmosphere in the Cosmo pool table lobby area. Found the place easily, thanks to Yelp!
Overpriced, but pretty damn good.  Would I pay for this outside of Las Vegas and the strip or outside of the Cosmopolitan?  Probably not, but would come back the next visit to Vegas.  We were lucky enough to stroll right up to the counter and order.  Think we both had two slices each, a beer and a soda for 31 bucks.  The guy behind me had a slice of pizza that looked absolutely divine.  The guy who took our order was genuinely friendly and helpful and was able to get me a refill on my diet coke under fire. There is very limited room to sit or even stand and eat yo' pizza, a lot of folks took it down the hall into the lobby, a clue to those looking for this place.  It's pretty easy to find, right next to Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar and Grill and the P3Studio.  I actually liked that they took the pizza and reheated it in the oven, didn't take too long, but I can see if there was a long line.
Holy crap the wait was soo long! I must've waited at least an hour. It was such a tease because I could see the pizzas and smell the aroma of freshly baked pizza, but the line was moving at a snail's pace! If I didn't see a line of people extending out of the place I wouldn't have been able to find it. It's just a hallway riddled with albums and artwork on the 3rd floor right outside of Marquee.. . I ordered the sausage, pepperoni, and bell pepper pizza. The sausages were amazing; they weren't the typical types that you encounter at many pizza joints. I liked the sauce and the crust. The combination of sausages and pepperoni was too salty. One or the other would've been perfect.
Secret Pizza is an experience.  Walk through a twilight zone tunnel to transport yourself from a chi chi and expensive Las Vegas casino offering Jose Andre's prices into a New York pizzeria offering pizza by the slice from a dude wearing a Mets baseball cap.  Prices are steeper than in Manhattan, but the experience is very trippy (and gives you an affordable) option to eat.  The pizza is solid.
Pizza is not my go to food AT all. Pizza makes me paranoid...Why? Because I don't want that oily crap in my system! Yet I love desserts...like that's any better.. . Anyway this place was pretty bomb. I love how it literally seems like a secret location. Top floor of the Cosmopolitan, and there is no sign indicating that it's a pizza place. I had to look at the yelp photos to make sure it was the right place and indeed it was! . . Get the Super Deluxe slice because you could add up to 6 toppings (I think) for $6 iish bucks. I only went with 4 toppings: mushroom, sliced sausage, dried tomatoes, and olives. YUM. They basically cook your pizza by the order. Their sliced sausage is so flavorful! It's pretty thick cut too. The pizza itself is delicious! . . Cool place to eat at!
PIZZA.  The greasy kind. The hot and cheesy kind. The nothing special kind. . . This is it. . . I managed to end up here for dinner not once but TWICE on my recent Vegas vacation, and we were only there for four evenings total.. . The night we arrived our flight had been delayed a couple of ours. It was 3 AM our time and we were tired, groggy, and didn't feel like making an adventure to anywhere for dinner. Secret pizza seemed like a good solution. It was actually pretty easy to find- the hallway with album covers leads you to the pizza. I had a slice of sicilian and my boyfriend had a slice of the meatball & pepperoni. Total cost for the two of us was $14 - considering most dinners in Vegas start at around $20 a person, this is a good deal! There was no line when we went. The pizza itself was nothing special. I would say it probably tops Sbarro but wouldn't go far beyond that.  The guys serving the pizza were really nice too- so thumbs up for that.. . Then another night, we were all very drunk by around 9pm because we had been KILLING it at a craps table and hey...they kept bringing us drinks. We were definitely in no condition to survive a meal at a regular restaurant without knocking over a few glasses or napping at the table. So secret pizza it was. We stumbled there from the casino- luckily it was just a short escalator ride. My very drunk friend was VERY excited about the fact that they had mushroom pizza on deck. I think I got a slice of cheese but can't remember exactly....I remember just looking at all the options and pointing at the one that looked most delicious. I have no clue what my boyfriend got that night but I think he got just one slice. I paid...drunkenly, because I found the receipt the next morning. It was just over $20 for our three slices. I actually don't remember eating the pizza that night.  So I think what we can say from this experience is that the pizza wasn't spit-it-out terrible nor was it moaning-worthy good. It satisfied my need for non-liquid calories and  that's about it. . . This place gets 4 stars because it serves a need that was not previously met on other visits to Vegas. I'm pretty sure the servers at Jaleo are counting their lucky stars this place exists right next door and they don't have to serve all those drunken people. It's nice to have a place to grab a quick bite and a decent price (compared to other Vegas places). . . Long live Secret Pizza!
I recently came here at 3 a.m. with a group of friends after we were done clubbing at Hyde. ROOKIE MISTAKE. Oh man, I feel so dumb. I have been a fan of Secret Pizza since day one, and this was the first time I went at such an insane hour. Egad. I don't recommend this AT ALL. Sure, we were the fools that walked from one damn casino to another, which in all honesty is also a dumb mistake. But the pizza here is so, so good! Nice, thin and crisp!. . After the long trek from the Bellgio to the Cosmopolitan, we saw the crowd but got in line nonetheless. After waiting for more than 20 minutes we decided that in order to make the most of it we should order a whole pie. Well some other people had the same idea and they had been waiting for 45 minutes. What? We ended up getting one slice per person, which is really sad (and kind of expensive). This was a week ago and I am still craving pizza. . . The lesson? Go before midnight. You'll thank me for it.
I am probably one of the few that would not wait in the long lines after the club and would have been more pissed when a slice is about $4 (which is not too bad) to $8 (which is insane for one slice!). I've seen a few people walk out with two slices. I would have probably just ordered a whole entire pizza, which is what we did during the day.. . We called in advance and ordered two full size pizzas. Those run anywhere between $27-$35. You can get drinks (both alcohol and sodas) and dessert. . . Now the low down on the food. The pizza is thin crust and they're able to cook the dough just right.
Down a dark and dank corridor hides a pretty yummy slice of pizza.  Luckily we went during the day at around 2pm...so we missed the lunch rush and didn't have to contend with the after club drunkos.  At first I had no idea where I was going because as you walk down the corridor all you see are pinball machines---so at first I thought I was going to a game room, but then just as I turn the corner---I am greeted by a happy go lucky pizza dude.. . I tried the white pizza and hubby had the meat lovers---they were both very good and surprising not super greasy.  We both finished our slices---completely.  The white pizza has 3 or 4 different cheeses including ricotta, mozzarella, and some other cheeses that elude me right now--but drizzled on top if some sort of garlic oil.  Yum!  The meat lovers had sausage and pepperoni.  I didn't want to wash it down with any lively libations or pop, so just asked for water---which was surprising right next to the register at a cold water cooler.  The pizza dude was very nice and offered us up cups of ice.. . I will definitely stop by here again on my next visit.  Quick, yummy, and fun to know we found the secret pizza in the fancy schmancy hotel.
Great thin crust pizza.  open late night... the lines do get really long.
This pizza joint has a pretty cool environment. It has bit of a retro feel with the pinball machines and video arcade. There is limited seating and most likely you'll be standing. . . I ordered the white slice and a "vegetarian" slice (olives, peppers and mushrooms). They were superb: thin and crispy, yet chewy. The pizzas were flavorful! I had to deduct one star because there were pretty big chunks of cheese on the white slice, which looked a bit revolting and unpleasant when I took a bite. However, this won't deter me from coming back and I'll definitely be trying the other slices.
This place is great! The line is long but well worth the wait, I will be back for some good pizza.
Looking for NY pizza in Las Vegas. Look no further. Hidden in the Cosmopolitan hotel near Marquee's entrance. you walk down a long hall and there you will find Secret Pizza. This is not a cheap NY pie like everyone else has written on Yelp. But if you need a NY pizza fix here is the place you will it.
Great pizza, worth the wait.  Kinda pricey but acceptable if you've been lucky in Vegas.
Good pizza, prices a little steep, but Vegas style.  Kinda a cool semi-hidden little gem in the Cosmo.
Great late night pizza! Got there at the perfect time and didn't have a long wait but as we were finishing up the crowds were rolling in! Glad we were able to find it within the Cosmo.
To be honest I already forgot where it's located.. . It's cute, though. No sign, cute little hallway, album covers on the wall... . . I got a slice of white pizza and even though it was good (albeit being on the thin and floppy side), I needed more variety than garlic all the way. I suggest trying different toppings as well.. . There was no wait when we went, but it was early on a weeknight. Might as well go for the novelty of it. The place could use more seating, but what I liked most is that it felt like just a casual pizza joint. You're just grabbing a relaxing bite to eat. No pretentiousness that goes along with a lot of other things in Vegas.
Great pizza if you can sneak in without a line. The deep dish Sicilian pizza is $8 a slice but SO good! . . For sure the best price in the Cosmo for a late night snack.
I've known about this not-so-secret establishment for about a year but was never afforded an opportunity to try it out until this last weekend.  After being bumped around and not being able to dance with my wife across the street at the Gallery Nightclub inside Planet Hollywood, we decided that we were at wits end and that pizza was the only thing that could make the night even better.  I suggested Secret Pizza to her and we started our trek.  We made a short jaunt to The Cosmopolitan and started our pizza pilgrimage.. . The Yelpers before me did an excellent job at describing where the place was located and that helped a great deal because it would have taken me a while.   Secret Pizza is tricky to find because you're essentially looking for a hallway.  Once you get up the escalator on the third floor, you walk a little and turn to the left.  When you see the hallway, just walk toward the end and follow the incredible smell. . . I've had good pizza before as I've had it in just about any locale you can think of.  I've only been to NYC once and I remember how good it was there.  I can say with pure certainty that the "White Pizza" is quite possibly the best that I've had anywhere and that is monumental since I have this weird obsession with ranking EVERYTHING that I eat. . . If a long wait isn't too much of a deterrent then I can't recommend this place enough.
Amazing pizza
Delicious pizza!   We got lost trying to find this place because it's literally a secret place.  There is no signage stating what it is and when you look down the hallway, all you can see is a game machine.  When you walk down the hallway, there are all of these cool, vintage record covers.  They serve huge slices of pizza for about $5 a slice and drinks in red solo cups.  It's cheaper to get a whole pizza, and the 1 slice doesn't necessarily fill you up, so you might as well get a whole pie.  This is definitely worth a stop.
Secret Pizza (Cosmopolitan). Las Vegas Strip, NV. 3pm Tuesday 6th August 2013. Four Stars. . Located on the top floor of the Cosmo restaurant/shop area, this little pizza place delivers a great snack.  We enjoyed a $5 slice of Mushroom and $5 slice Green Pepper and Onion.  The crust had a crisp outside and soft inside.  The toppings were nicely cooked.  They even serve beer in red plastic cups.. . If you a person who is price sensitive, then here is a tip about Vegas:. 1. Look at the Vegas Price. 2. Divide it in Half. 3. Think: would I buy this for this reduced price at any other place. 4. If yes, then Buy. . Example: $5 slice of pizza in Vegas is really a $2.50 slice of pizza anywhere else, which is a great deal.. . Note: This formula works in a lot of places, such as Disneyland, the Fair, and any sporting event.
The food: the food here is really good. This place is hidden down a hallway in the Cosmopolitan with a bunch of pictures all the way down until you get inside this place. And although its called secret pizza place it's not really a secret you canask for directions if you need them. I've had the cheese pizza here and it is really good classic foldable cheesy greasy pizza. However I recently tried the white pizza on the recommendation of a friend and I have to say wow. I had the white pizza with tomatoes and loved it. Big slices still the same grease level and just plain delicious. I will be going with the white pizza from now on. The only thing about this place is its more expensive then your average pizza place but that comes with the territory since it is on the strip. Definitely still recommend it.. . The service: the service at this place is really good the staff friendly they can get busy which can sometimes slow things down just depends on the day. You can get slices or a whole pizza. Not a lot of room to sit but you can always walk and eat. Or grab a slice or pie for the room.
this place doesnt actually have a name! it's at the end of a hallway in the cosmo. with no signs at all. so it's been lovingly nicknamed as secret pizza.. . im not a huge fan of pizza myself but i heard that this place was worth a try. . . i asked the girl in front of me in line what she recommended. and she said the white slice was rly good. it's basically a slice of white cheeses. i'm not rly sure what kind. but it was $5. and i went ahead and added mushrooms for an extra $0.50. . they didn't have it out at the time so they said it would take 15 minutes to make. i waited it out and it was hot and fresh and melted cheesey when i got it.. . i had to pat it with a napkin since it was a bit greasy/oily for my liking. but with the pepper flakes that i added, it was rly good! and their pepper flakes actually add a rly nice spicy kick... . i bet this pizza would taste amazing as drunk food but i heard the line gets crazy long during after-club hours
The only thing secret about this place is how to get the damn water dispenser to work.. . Every time I've been here, I end up looking like a retard sideshow pressing buttons on the dispenser while cursing, but nothing coming out. You think that's funny, try doing it drunk.........Yes, I was that girl. And every time, one of the guys behind the counter simply reaches over, press the same buttons I was fiddling with and *viola*.......H2O! ::derp::. . Pleeeeease! Tell me how you did it!!. . Judging from the 1300+ reviews, the cat's out of the bag so the lines are loooong after the club. Call ahead if you want a whole pizza, or just go at odd hours of the day. It's not the best pizza I've ever had -- though still pretty damn good -- but you can't beat the convenience and price when you want something to sop up the alcohol before Kaskade comes on. . . And if you STILL don't know where the place is, just follow the drunk folks up the escalators after you exit Marquee and you're gold.
I've tried a few stale pizza slices from this place when my friends would bring it back into the hotel room but never been there myself until this past weekend!. We were starving after Marquee Dayclub so decided to get a box.. The line wasn't too bad and we waited about 30 minutes for our food.. We went with sausage and pepperoni and it was SO GOOD.. I usually can't deal with super cheesiness but the cheese oozing off this pizza actually got me super excited!. Def hits the spot, can't wait to go back!
Yum, yum, delicious!  The pizza here tastes great!  I lovecoming back.  The pizza with the white sauce is amazing and the crust is crisp.  They definitely try to be speedy in their service, but it is always busy.  Definitely worth the wait!
So glad we found it.  Great crust and toppings.  I never eat the crust but ate every last bite.  Onlyrecommendation is maybe add a little more sauce.  Will come back whenever we are in Vegas.  Yum!
Nothing too "secret" about it. The white cheese pizza was alright. I was drunk as hell but still didn't finish the pizza. It got dry.. But then again maybe it was cause I has cotton mouth. . . I would return again though cause its open late. Nice trip after marquee.
One of Cosmos best places to eat.  The pizza is one of the best pizzas I ever had and the best drunk food after Marquee.  The lines are long most of the time so if you are staying at the hotel it is best to just order the pizza to the room.  The pizza goes about 32 dollars a pie and worth it.
You know a place is good if there is ALWAYS a line!! Haha  went there last night. We just got pepperoni pizza and it definitely hit the spot. . I don't know if I agree with the pricing structure tho... Each slice is 5 bucks (okay, fine, we r on the strip) but if u want to order a full pizza (8 slices), you have to wait an additional 30-45 minutes (after already waiting in line). OR you can get 8 slices in one large pizza box, each slice for 5 bucks, right then. They charge you less if you wait the additional time, so I guess some people don't mind. But perhaps they should form a separate line for those who want a full pizza?
Everytime we come to Vegas, we stop by to have a slice of their thin crust pizza.  The line can get pretty long at this place.  I love how they're open late so if you're drunk and craving pizza after the club, this is a good place to go to.  . . TIP: If you're staying at the Cosmo, they can deliver to your room.
Hidden inside Cosmo with no signs or anything (guess that's why it's called Secret Pizza) I'm not sure how we found this place but I'm glad we did. Fairly long line and wait but it was worth it! You can either do a single slice of pizza (each topping extra) or buy a whole pizza. My slice came out to $6 with 3 toppings on it and wished I got two slices! The slices are pretty big but are very thin. They throw your selected toppings on a slice of cheese pizza and throw it back in the oven to cook. It tasted great! Definitely a place to hit up in Vegas if you're craving pizza!
My second fav pizza joint ever! Everything is good and fast! I love staying at cosmo and just eating here over and over.. . TFR
Well worth tracking down (on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan).  I had a slice of white pizza (thanks to the Yelp reviews) and it was excellent - cheesy, garlicky & crunchy.. . Very affordable prices (for Vegas) and can't wait to go back and get a whole pie to take back to the room and devour.
For a secret, it is totally not a secret.  One of the reasons I really like the Cosmopolitan hotel.  They were wise enough to remember that after a late night excursion, sometimes you want a hot dog cart or a pizza joint.  A long hallway (covered in great record albums) will lead you to an old school pizza joint complete with Galaga in the corner.  You can order by the slice or entire pies.  Both Sicilian style or thin crust.  Warning, the pizza is super greasy.  But delicious!  And for about 4 bucks a slice, it's the cheapest meal you'll get on the strip.  They will gouge you on Diet Coke though.  I think a medium diet coke is like 5.50. Worth seeking out and the perfect way to wrap up a busy night of dancing or gambling. The night I was there a fight nearly broke out (they have a ton of security) so technically you are getting dinner and a show!
Some of the best pizza I've ever had!  And as someone who would eat pizza every day given the choice, I feel confident in giving it this label.. . I tried a slice of pepperoni and while several more would have been awesome because it tasted so good, one was plenty as they have huge slices.  The white pizza was good too, a bit like amazing thin garlic toast, but I prefered my choice.. . The "secret" location isn't too complicated; go to the third floor and look for a dark hallway that's not labeled.  It's close to the other 3rd floor restaurants.  There's little seating, we stood at a bar height counter.  We did see several people getting their slices to go because they were playing pool in the common area outside the hallway; this looked like fun and a good choice if you're with a group.. . Can't wait to go back.
Not sure why I haven't reviewed this but, it seems like every time I stop in Vegas I need to make a stop here. Not much of a secret anymore to me. It's stuck between another restaurant and an Elevator that doesn't seem to work sometimes. There's a pool table right in front so if you spot the pool table you know you are close. . . The pizzas are pretty damn good. You have to go with the White Pie, they sometimes hide it under the table only because they have a lot of pizzas out already on display. But if you ask if they have some they usually do. And of not, it doesn't hurt to wait. I usually add a lot of mushrooms and sausages to mine. The thin crust is good as well as the thick crust. Honestly you can't go wrong with either or. . . If you are looking to get down with some pizza than come to this place. Just make sure you don't gamble all your money away or spend too much money on drinks the night before (or maybe even the night of haha).
They say that time heals all wounds.. . If you've ever been to "Secret Pizza", you'll know that time has a competitor. Pizza.. . There are countless reviews and tips on Yelp, so I won't go into the boring details. You can easily find this spot at the Cosmo on the 3rd floor. It's unmarked, but the pictures in the Yelp listing can help direct you.. . Be prepared for a line if you are going during nightclub hours. Drunk people love their food.. . The pizza itself is fairly basic. You have afew options and a slice will run you about $5-6. It's simply delicious pizza. Greasy, but not too oily. Just the right amount. It's perfect.. . My favorite has always been the sausage/pepperoni pizza with the italian peppers. . . Take your slice and sit outside in front of STK on the chairs, especially at night. You'll have a front row seat to the Hot Mess Express from Marquee & other parts of the hotel.. . After you experience "Secret Pizza", tell a friend. Let the legend of this hidden gem live on.
I can go for pizza all the time- really all the time. Found it, finally after hearing about the secret! Don't ever mind the wait or line. The guys working are always friendly no matter how crazy, don't even mind standing to eat. Reminds me of New York! And the pizza really is one of the best in Vegas. Plus only ever had it sober so you know it's good ;) cheeese mhmm
Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this place on my trip to Vegas! While it's not really a secret, I still felt cool locating the unassuming (who am I kidding, it's covered with album covers) hallway and emerging in a cozy little pizza parlor on the other side.  Kind of like Alice in Wonderland.. . Usually I can finish 2 slices of pizza without a problem, so I ordered 2 this time.  They were huge! I was stuffed halfway through the second one.  The pizza was very good, not mind-blowingly good but still crisp and fresh (don't let them give you a reheated slice, there were pizzas that were pre-made and just waiting to be reheated), very welcome especially in the AM.  . . Slight Cons: . Workers were not very enthusiastic while taking my order, and there is nowhere to sit, you'll just have to take it to the couches outside or elsewhere.  . . Whether you're drunk and exhausted from going clubbing, or you've been shopping and want some lunch, give Secret Pizza a visit!
We walked pretty much the whole second floor for 30 minutes only to find this pizzeria is on the 3rd floor. This was all because the review I saw on Yelp said it was on the 2nd floor... or maybe I read wrong due to the Fat Tuesday I had with me?. . So yes it is on the 3rd floor, near the pool table! There is a door with no sign or anything, but behind the door there is a long walkway covered in Italian record cover art, and as you pass it, boom! Its a small pizzeria! I ordered two slices, one pepperoni and another with sausage and ricotta cheese. The pizza is very good, big slice and NY style... where you have to fold the pizza to enjoy it. The pepperoni was good but the winner for me was the sausage and ricotta. OMG. That was amazing. Next time I definitely will be ordering a box of that.. . The pizzeria is again small, with a few stools to sit on and also a few pinball machines. It was fun talking to some of the people there who were also enjoying their pizza. Pricing was fairly high compared to your local pizza place (like $4-5 a slice) but hey, it's Vegas and also at the Cosmo, the "it" hotel at Vegas right now. A whole pizza is probably the best bet, as its around $22 for a whole pizza. Also they are open til 4am for all the drunkies! lol.. . Overall, a cool "secret" pizza spot in Vegas! Definitely try it for some late night eats!
Delicious - 30 minute wait for a whole pie forced us to grab by the slice ... Not optimal, but all slices were delicious and great, fresh ingredients.
I stopped by here today for lunch by myself after reading that this was a must place to eat in Vegas.  Thankfully the article I was reading also mentioned the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan and a random hallway.  As I was on the third floor i noticed an unassuming hallway with a pinball machine at the end.  At first I walked past it but after not being able to find any signage i went back and trekked down.  At the end was indeed a pizza shop.  For my lunch i decided to go with the pepperoni and sausage slice which cost $6.  The crust of this pizza was the star as it was crispy throughout which helped to overshadow the seemingly nonexistent sauce.  The cheeses were good though and the sausage was a nice little surprise since it was both spicy and tasty.. . The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  I enjoyed the slice that I had and later in the day learned that I could do a lot worse for a bigger price.
The White Pizza was really good. Make sure your slice is warm. They open really late and the line stays long even at 3am. If you have enough people to eat the pizza, call ahead to order the whole pie would save time. I wouldn't wait longer than 30 min though.
Secret pizza is delicious. Definitely a hidden gem... Although I don't know if it is really a secret anymore, as any time I go there there's a line around the block. . I'll admit waiting in line can be fun. The late night line (the only kind I've been in) is usually filled with drunken out of Towners and club goers. Everyone is usually is fun spirits, don't expect to make laying friendships, but definitely a enjoyable way to wait for your turn. . Staff is fun & friendly, major respect to them for that. I'd hate dealing with all the drunks, if I weren't drunk myself that is. The pizza speaks for itself, simply delicious. . If you are at the Cosmo, hungry and have some time, this is the place for you.
Went here on the recommendation of a couple of my Yelp friends (CD and Evelyn). It's located in the Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor, but unless you ask someone that works there, you may have difficulty finding it, since there are no signs indicating what it is, or where it is. The entrance is just a long hallway that looks like it may lead to a restroom, but surprise - at the end of the hallway is a small pizza kitchen. Seating can be sparse, so be prepared to eat while standing.  I don't know if it's my timing or what, but many times, when I visit an establishment, there are only a handful of people around. 10 minutes later, the place gets seemingly packed. That was the case here too. . . Got a slice of both the White Pizza, and the Sausage Pepperoni. I can't write too much about the White Pizza, because it's irresistable and now I feel compelled to drive all the way to the strip from Summerlin, just for a slice. It's that good! It's funny observing some of the people in line - the closer they get to the cash register, the more they seem like they are drooling, Lol! As I was leaving, I noticed one of the pizza cooks pulling a deep-dish white pizza out of the oven. Oh... I want that!!! must... delay... gratification...  :P~~
You need a NY slice, in Vegas, at 2 am? No problem, fuhgeddaboutit, these guys have you covered! Slices are big and relatively cheap for Vegas. Not really any place to sit, but you can stand at the counter and wolf down your slice - just don't forget to sprinkle it liberally with hot pepper and Parmesan first! That's the authentic experience.
The secret is out, but you have to find it, It's not on the signs just look for a hallway in the area of all the restaurants. Quite frankly I was a bit disappointed finding it. Several pre made "stiffs" that they took a slice from and reheated per your selection. Hum reheated pizza? That was until I tasted it. OMG amazingly perfect, the crust is ethereal. The white pizza was amazingly good but we bit too much garlic for me.
One of the best new York style pizza I have tried. Its not so secret anymore though. . . You have to try to avoid to come here when the ppl start leaving clubs bc the line can be enormous! . . I usually end up getting the white pizza or the pepperoni with ricotta cheese. . . These guys are really good at what they do and you can even catch them toss dough in the air to make their pizza. . . Def a spot worth checking out on the strip
While in Vegas, I was really hankering for some pizza and found on TripAdvisor something called Secret Pizza. It is more of a well-known secret than a best-kept one and I really wanted to try it!. . After dinner with a good friend, a few shows, some gambling, daiquiris from Fat Tuesday and a Bellagio water show behind me, I finally made my way to Secret Pizza around 1am. This was probably a bad idea because it's the time everyone starts getting out of clubs and lining up for pizza as well!. . Secret Pizza is located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, on the 3rd floor behind the free pool table, and I'm not gonna lie, I got a little lost finding it. If not for Yelp and TripAdvisor, I probably would've never found it. . . Right away, I noticed a fat line of drunken people in the hallway and thought "great..." The line was actually moving reallllly slow and the hallway was as loud as a market. A lot of people also came from Marquee nightclub in the same hotel, making the line twice as long by 2am.. . After about 40 minutes, I was starting to wonder if I really wanted pizza that badly but by now, the line was starting to move and I was almost to the front.  . . Once I actually got to order, I got about 4 slices to bring back for people at the hotel, two pepperoni and two white sauce (which Yelp said was the best flavor). The pepperoni was really good but the white sauce was extremely tasty!. . A little heavy for thin pizza (there was a lot of grease) but it's late night food, so what do you expect? Next time though, I think I'll line up a little earlier and beat the crowd. Maybe buy a whole pie to share. . . For 4 slices, it came out to about $20, kind of pricey but cheap for Vegas. . . If you do get pizza after midnight though, make sure to bring something to do or go with lots of people to keep you company since it is a long, long wait.
When you are told that this pizza place is hidden and unmarked, you aren't being lied to!  Believe me, it is hard to find.  If you need help, look for the pool tables and the glass table filled with scrabble pieces.  Once you locate these, the entrance to the pizza place can't be missed.  The cheese slice was out of this world and piping hot!
Secret pizza is a hidden gem inside The Cosmopolitan.  If you're looking to get a quick slice of pizza before heading out on the strip this is the place to check out. Best slice of pepperoni I've had in Vegas!
Secret is out. No signs pointing you down the hallway. Waitress suggested it. Would never have found it on my own. . . Great NY pizza. $5 a slice. Perfect dyer a few drinks. Quick. Easy. Gotta try it. . . No where to sit so you will eat standing up. But worth it.
As others have said it's hard to find but worth it. I'm from out of town and wanted good pizza. Yelp led me here. There are no signs and no directory so it helps to know where to go. Go to 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan hotel and find the free pool table. Look directly across from it and you'll see a long narrow hallway next to another restaurant.  It's at the end. I ordered 2 slices with mushrooms. Expensive but the slices are huge so it's worth it. 4.50 for a bottle of water tho? Anyway, not the best pizza but damn good. Just the right amount of grease and the cheese was not runny but it was gooey. Glad I went. I got there right when they opened at 11am and it wasn't crowded which is good bc it's tiny. Only has about 4 stools and standing room for a few more. Great pizza.
Really good pizza but I think its location is even better. Pretty hidden from the casino and you really have to be looking for it to find it. The thick crust was the best thing I tried but the thin was pretty good too.
Good pizza. White pie was excellent. Perfect 3am pizza place to hit on the way home. . . There is no signage for this place. Look for the hallway lined with old school album covers. . . Funny note: Don't ask for Ranch, they don't have it.
Good pizza. This place has a real Brooklyn feeling and the record hallway is awesome.
This place has the best pizza in Vegas. Some of the best pizza anywhere really.. . There is no sign or anything. You kinda have to find it. Its on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo. If you go any time after 2 or so there will be a huge line of wasted people stumbling over from the Marquee. Girls in short skirts who can barely walk any more in their heels, who very well could vomit on you while in line at any time.. . Once you get it, it feels like a pizza stand somewhere in New York. They have several selections of slices ready to go or you can wait for a while pie.. . The pizza is very good. (even better at 3am). Every time I am in Vegas I go here now. Its delicious!
Worth the hype, especially if your drunk. This place definitely hits the spot after a night out at Marquee!
The Pizza place that is not much of a secret too most. After a night of people watching in their decked out costumes I needed a bite to eat. I have been here before so I know it's pizza that  I really enjoy. You never know if the line would be down the hall or be able to walk right up to the counter. Luckily there was no line and we got our order right away. Very flavorful with a  crispy-ish crust. Try it you'll love it!
I did not think it was the best pizza  but still good pizza, I think. Still the place is super cute, guys working there are very nice and it was CLEAN. I always appreciate when "hole in the wall" spots are kept clean.  Anyway, pay attention because it really is a little hidden.  Best place if you need a super late night meal for a couple bucks a slice.
Wow this place is super secret but now I think us yelpers have finally let it be found so others can enjoy this cheap and delicious pizza spot. . Yes the directions can be unclear since their is no real sign to direct you and it is in like a random hidden hallway wedged between 2 high end restaurants. . . However, if you find your way you will see small parlor, order yourself some white pizza and play the pinball machines while you wait.
After many nights at Marquee, I was never in the right state to find this place so I never got to experience the hype. Lucky for me, my bf and I went here for lunch between our morning drinking and afternoon drinking so I actually got to try the pizza here! They don't sell pepperoni slices, only whole pies so that was a bummer. I really liked my supreme pizza and I kept eating his white ricotta pizza so I left the pizzeria a happy girl! . . Be prepared to wait a bit for slices. Moving quickly here doesn't seem to happen for the staff no matter what time of day it is!. . Glad I finally tried the pizza here... just hope I remember how to find it after a night at Marquee!
Clearly no longer a secret...but for you first timers. It's up the stairs. . Pizza isn't anything to write home about but definitely hits the spot. The place is out if the way and gives you a break from everything else Vegas has to offer. . Oh and did I mention the place is cheap! $10 gets you a slice and a beer and leaves a decent tip in the jar.
A clever idea and much easier to find than many would have you believe, Secret Pizza at The Cosmopolitan is one of those places that seems to get a lot of praise from all the wrong sorts of people yet curious to experience it myself and without dinner plans until 8pm I decided to stop in for a snack while shopping Crystals.  A small place with a TV and a couple of pinball machines plus the slice counter down a long hall of records the restaurant was perhaps half full when I arrived and with three pizzas ready to serve my choice was simplified dramatically when a fresh Roma and Ricotta emerged from the oven as I was waiting in line.  Friendly in service and low in price for a hefty slice with excellent ingredient quality I've heard many compare Secret to New York slice shops and while the foldable structure and gas oven production is similar I'll simply say that anyone making such claims is a fool - most New York Slice shops are serving low quality ingredients on a subpar crust for ninety-nine cents while Secret is serving top quality sauce without unnecessary sweetness under smooth mozzarella on a crust with a good crunch, great chew, and an excellent crumb.  Admittedly bummed that they were completely sold out of canolis that are, alas, pre-filled but still something I'd like to try I've no doubt I'll head back for the square slice sometime soon.
A little tough to find but the search is worth the wait. Best pizza I've had since leaving NY 25 yrs ago.  Small hole in the wall place, no tables just counters, white tile walls and tin crown mouldings give the place a "underground" feel. Meatballs and sausage are homemade and awesome. East coasters will take one look at the Bakers Pride ovens and know the deal. Biggest bonus = Sicilian pizza.  Cool tunes, a pinball machine and an epic Galaga video game complete the experience.
pizza great. maybe hire another person to keep eating area tidy. but great food! fast service!
Secret?. . Well it's not so secret anymore if MC knows about it!!!. . Luckily there was no line when we arrived. I ended up ordering a White Pizza slice and a Combo slice. Both totaled $11. Damn, $11 for 1 slices of pizza?! This place better be worth it!. . The white slice just had too much ricotta cheese for me - as in piles. The crust was thin and was super crunchy, which I enjoyed very much!. . The combo was good although my crust was already soggy. BOO! . . The slices were filling, but you may just wait to share a pie with someone else. There are only a handful of chairs, a couple of video games and a couple of standing tables. You can bring your slices out to the lobby area to eat, as many people did. . . Don't forget to check out the pics along the walls! Interesting!!!
Although pricey (what else do you expect at the Cosmo?!), the pizzas are on point. And I know my pizzas bc it's one of my favorite foods!! My favorite here is the white pizza (it has ricotta cheese). Add a sprinkle of red pepper flakes and the pizza is perfect!. . The wait can be long depending on when you go, but there have been times when I waited only a few minutes bc it was an off time (e.g., 5PM). Pies/whole pizzas can't be ordered while in line (esp. when they are busy), so if you're interested in getting a whole pizza I recommend calling ahead.
NOT SO SECRET, AMIRITE?. . But seriously, when you've had a rough night and you need something to eat at 3 or 4am, it's hard to do better than this, for this price, in Las Vegas.. . I'm in the minority here, but I don't care for the white pizza. I like the straight up ones like pepperoni or sausage, and because I am Korean I must dump the entire contents of the red pepper shaker onto my pizza or it doesn't taste right to me.
Reminds me of NY pizza but kind of overpriced.  $4 for a cup of soda pop and $5 for a slice of pizza...kind of expensive for a carry out type of food joint.  With that said, the pizza is pretty good.  If you are craving thin crust pizza and are on the Vegas strip, this will satisfy your craving.
So you want to step away from hype & glitz of Vegas & have a solid meal? Then goto Secret pizza. Off the strip entrance, take the elevator up to the third floor & its next to all the couches & a pool table. Grab a piece of white pizza + the meatball with peppers. With solo cup in hand, park yourself on one of the couches outside. Relax. Enjoy some great pizza. Let the grease roll off your cheek and fingers. People watch. Then repeat.
Four star pizza, four star price. You get what you pay for here - it's good stuff. Kind of hard to find, hence the name. Just look for all the people walking out of a narrow hallway with pizza boxes.
This secret pizza place is hidden on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan. To find out the exact location just ask one of the hosts at one of the surrounding restaurants. Gyuup only cool people know where this is located :P. . . I was Ice skating at the Boulevard Rink and decided to grab a bite to eat, was starving! I ordered a meat lover's pizza for $5 bucks a slice, The slices are pretty huge and I love how the crust is so crusty loaded with garlic.. The pizza was awesome customer service was great, it was a quick in and out kinda pizza joint. The only thing i did not like about this place was if it gets too crowded in their people will be all up in your space! :P overall enjoyed my experience.
Pretty solid pizza joint, ny style, big slices, a bit pricey as my slice of pepperoni was $5. Located on third floor beside sushi rest. Worth a trip tho.
A bit hard to find, but well worth the hunt.  It is on the thrid floor of the cosmopolitan.  Got one cheese slice and it was just great.. . I haven't had an authentic new york style pizza, so I couldn't compare, but for pizza it was really good.. . This place is small and if busy might be hard to find a spot to sit and eat, but pizza is pretty easy to just eat on the go.
I had been eating before coming here but a long night of drinking will make you hungry. Good thing this is only a few steps away from Marquee. Walk through a hall filled with pictures of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, etc. and you'll find one of the best slices of pizza you'd ever have in Vegas.. . I usually like to keep my pizza real simple: either margherita or pepperoni. My friend wasn't hungry but we both got 2 slices of pepperoni pizza anyway. We got our food pretty quickly. My friend thought the shaker he grabbed had parmesan cheese in it but it was actually garlic powder that he just dusted all over his pizza. I did the same thing but only because I like the taste of garlic. It was soooo gooood. The crust was perfectly crisp and not soggy. They're pretty generous with the toppings. It's about $5/slice but it's worth it.. . It's a tiny place with a few chairs and by a few I mean about 4-5 chairs. But if you're eating pizza at 1:30am, you must be feeling good and nothing could go wrong.
This place is quite hidden or shall we say secret.  We couldn't find it for a while because there is not a sign.  . . They have a variety of pizzas that they serve by the slice for $5.  I came away impressed with the pepper and sausage pizza.  If you want to get a quick affordable meal at the Cosmo.  Go a quest to discover the location of secret pizza.
This is a skewed review as everytime I visit this place I am drunk.  I have had both the red & white and both are good but my preference is the sausage pizza.. It must be really good as I seem to wake up to an extra slice in the morning next to me.
This place is really quite hard to find. I searched for it when I was staying in the Cosmo and I passed by the entrance a million times without noticing it! When I came back to stay in Vegas at the Aria, I was determined to find this place. More pictures were available of the entrance and I stared at the pictures for a long time until I was fairly certain of where the entrance was. . . So yes, we have established that this pizzeria is a secret. Except I guess it isn't because there were a ton of people filing in and out when I was standing around. . . The pizza is quite good and was worth the amusement of searching for it. The actual establishment is quite bare bones. They don't seem to want you to hang out to eat, probably because they are open late and get a lot of rowdy people, and the insides are quite small.. . Slices are REALLY expensive. So there you go.
Pretty overhyped but the pizza does taste quite good! I don't think it's the best pizza I've tasted though. But they are open late so that's always a plus. The times I've been, there's never been a line. Great to go to for late night munching before or after clubbing at Marquee!
Follow your nose down a dark corridor of the second floor of the Cosmo and you've made your way to Secret Pizza. There is no signage and this place is little more than a pizza bar, oven, and a handful of stools. But if you do happen to find Secret Pizza fortune favors you!. . The NY style pizza slices are big and floppy, but the dough is crisp and chewy in the best possible way. These pizza slices are one of the best in Vegas! . . Once here you will forget you are at the Cosmo until you see the prices, $27.50 for 5 slices. Ohhhhh that's right. We're still at the nicest casino in Las Vegas. . . If you have a hankering for a quick slice, forget about it! This is the spot.
Psst...over here, pal. Youz like da slices do youz? Well, here's a little secret just between youz and me pal ... Down a non-descript hallway lined with album covers in the Cosmopolitan Hotel youz can find Secret Pizza. . . No matter how much you lose in Vegas, save $5 for some 5-star pizza. Shanon Y. was right about the White Sauce Cheese Pizza. It's a pizzagasm in your mouth of grease, cheese, and crust. . . There is only enough room for a few places to stand and eat at Secret Pizza ... Lots of families and groups were buying whole pies and chowing down in the hallways and lounge areas. It has no sign. It has no name, but the secret is out about Secret Pizza.
This pizza joint is somewhat obscured by its hallway of album covers. Located on the 3rd floor where all the restaurants are concentrated, it was easy to find since there was a long line propagating in the "hidden" hallway. I was somewhat annoyed that I had to wait for the pizza, but the pizza was decent. You can tell that the dough is quite fresh and had an authentic Italian taste to the crust. If you can avoid waiting in line for this place, it is even better. They have a water dispensing machine by the cash register, but that device does not work properly as it barely trickles any water. You are better off purchasing a drink than relying on their water dispenser. They had some vintage pinball machines in this pizza joint, but they were non-functional. Also, my pizza was somewhat cold so if you are getting slices of pizza, make sure to ask them to reheat your pizza so that it is piping warm.
Didn't have a tough time looking for this place because I looked at all the yelp reviews LOL!. . It's something about that cheese that makes me want to come back for me. I definitely like the pizzas with the pizza sauce more than the white pizza, but the white pizza is pretty good as well. Definitely coming back to try some more flavors :). . . Is it worth the price though? Mmmm not really since it's 5 dollars per slice, but what can you expect? It's Vegas.
