This was my first time in Vegas and I picked the encore over the Wynn because I had heard it was better in every way, and it was true. Gorgeous room, beautiful outside and amazing decoration. Everything very contemporary and European style. I wasn't thrilled with the staff though. People were not very welcoming and helpful.
Great property.  Casino slots are tight.  Pools are closed even on hot winter days.  Great rooms.  All of Wynn Resorts facilites easily available nextdoor.
I will not stay anywhere else in Vegas.. The spa is to die for.. The atmosphere is the classiest out of Vegas, which is not difficult.  This place needs competition.  . . They do need a one card black jack table so I don't have to go outside to gamble.. . The only other place I might try is Cosmopolitan from what my friends are telling me.
I want to give it a 5 but for some reason i can't do it.  I loved it there.  We had such a great time.  The staff is SUPER friendly and helpful.  That includes our initial call for reservations, calling the front desk with in-room questions, and all the other hotel interaction we had.  We booked a King Suite... initially they had problems when we checked in trying to locate an available room to match our reservation.  I thought this was odd but the front desk seemed confident they could figure it out and they did within about 10 minutes.  I didn't mind the wait and it helped that they were apologetic about it.  I didn't seem like a number, even though I really was for such a huge property.  The room was great.  Remote lights, blinds; TV in the bathroom; swivel big screen covers the living room and bedroom.  The bed was one of the most comfortable I've experienced.  The gym was ok... we liked the one we went to at the Palazzo next door on one day so I think we were comparing it a lot.  I did like that the gym was in the spa area and the bathroom facilities were unreal.  I think one of the biggest reasons I can't give this place a 5 is simply the location.  Its at the end of the strip and a bit far from many attractions.  Not that its so bad... there is plenty to do in the hotel and the immediate area.  I just would have liked to be more central.  I would definately stay again.  But if I found similar deals and had to choose between say the Bellagio and Encore, I would probably just stay at the Bellagio based on location.
Spent super bowl weekend at the encore.  Got an amazing deal otherwise probably would not have stayed there.  The property itself is very nice. No complaints with that.  Rooms were top notch and house cleaning did a good job.  The employees are very nice and friendly. I got married at the Bellagio and they acted like their shit didn't stink.  The Encore did not have that issue.  Went to a super bowl party at society cafe.  Food was good but the service was terrible. Our server changed three times and we had to continually remind the current server of our orders.  Overall nice hotel but probably won't stay again.  Oh and the table game minimums are crazy. Couldn't find a table under 25 dollars.
Spent Valentine's weekend 2011 in one of the Tower Suites.  I can't say enough about the staff and the service they provided - it was top notch.  There were a couple reasons why I didn't give a full 5 stars:. . For a luxury suite in a luxury hotel, I would expect luxury bath towels.  What we received were sandpaper rough Turkish cotton towels.  Turkish towels are fine but no one in their right mind would choose these towels over anything available at any mass retailer.  Even after asking for and getting some brand new, never been washed in detergent towels, they were still rough.  I say bring your own towels or be prepared for a loofa rub.. . Another thing that annoyed us was the fact that there wasn't a coffee maker in the room.  Ok, fine, I could have ordered room service but then I'd have to wait, then get dressed to answer the door and then scrounge a couple bucks for tip.  A $99 a night room at the Days Inn has in-room coffee, why not a $400+ a night room at the Encore.. . The last thing that was just wrong was the exorbitant prices for everything.  I know all the sayings about if you can't afford it, don't stay there.  Well, I could afford it and more but there is no way I'd ever pay $8 for a small bag of chips regardless of what my net worth is.  Marking things up as high as they do just feels like thievery to me.  I probably would have bought that $1 bag of chips for maybe $3 but never for $8.  I'm sure that a lot of the thought process in pricing is geared towards the corporate traveler who expenses everything but, even then, it's still one corporation ripping off another.. . All in all, we had a great time and would recommend the Encore if you're on an expense account or just don't care about money.
4.5. . I am back from Vegas today. My post are going to be extremely out of order. What I really want to do now is post the disaster of a stay we had at the Cosmopolitan, but I don't have the energy for that. So many things went wrong there, we actually thought we were cursed. Yes! Curse of the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas . . That terrible stay caused us to book the last night at the Encore. I have never stayed there prior to this last time, but have been to the casino and club XS many times. What I love about this place is that it is beautiful and even more important, the customer service was great and room service came quickly. I love our amazing view. Oh, and for my Vegas trip I basically threw my entire raw vegan deal out the window. I am back on my raw vegan kick now. Check out the pictures on my blog...
I stayed at Encore for 4 nights in their resort suite.  The room my girlfriend and I received was impeccable and odor free.  The suite's beautiful decor was modern and luxurious, complete with a clean assortment of black and white furniture pieces situated on beige-white marble tiles and carpet with black and brass color trimmings.  The wall opposite to the door was a dramatic large window overlooking the strip.. . Its casino floor is a seamless extension of Wynn's red-and-white motif.  But, unlike Wynn, Encore hardly gets packed.  Because of this, the number of tables and games are very limited.  For instance, there is generally only one roulette table operating at any given time.. . Service-wise, the staff and crew were generally courteous. Our concierge was incredible, while the check-in and cleaning staff were friendly.  Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for their comp staff -- they were rude and extremely impatient when we attempted to redeem our rewards points.. . Nevertheless, I enjoyed my stay at Encore and would definitely go back. . . SIDE NOTE: one of the stores in Encore's forum was unfriendly, specifically the Rolex shop.  I had wanted to buy my girlfriend a pink oyster watch as a surprise, but an elder lady who worked at the shop didn't want to help my girlfriend for some odd reason -- maybe because we were young or we dressed vacation casual.  Regardless, the Rolex employee was classless and intellectually bankrupt.  I ended up going to the Rolex store a couple of blocks away.
I stayed here for three days/nights for business, but also happened to be the start of March Madness.  The check-in was fast and friendly.  For an additional $25, I was upgraded to the Panoramic Suites, mine on the 61st floor.  I'd been up there before and my room really just looked into the side of the Wynn, but this room was more on the west end and looked right down the strip!  Incredible view!!!. . I come to Vegas once a month and the view and excitement never gets old.  My room was as clean and fresh as the day they opened.  Everything in the Encore/Wynn is just first rate.  So why only 4 stars?. . I unwind a bit after my meetings by playing some video-poker, I play $5/hand and I play fast.  I was surprised that Wynn/Encore policy prohibits comping drinks at the bar.  I could move to the casino-area and play the same amount and be comped, but then I couldn't see the games on TV.  So I got in a cab and went to the Hard Rock to play for a few hours.. . The only other "gripe" I have about the Encore is that when you go to use the on-screen check-out, it asks if you'd like a copy of the folio sent to your e-mail... I checked yes and then all the letters came up and expected me to type in my e-mail (which is rather lengthy) on the screen using the remote.  So... I went downstairs to checkout and was only behind a couple people, so no big deal... but would be at prime-time checkout time on a weekend. They already have my e-mail on file, as they sent my reservation confirmation that way and a survey e-mail after I left... you'd think they could connect the two.. . They run a first class joint.  My room-service breakfast was incredible.  The whole drink "thing" probably costs them some business, but I suppose there's a good reason for it.  Both properties were lively and fun. I'll easily stay again, but my video-poker money goes eleswhere.
My wife and I decided to visit Las Vegas for the first time as a couple. We wanted to stay in a clean, "higher end" hotel and this place delivered. The entire property is beautiful. The rooms are very nice and recently updated (even though the place is still very new). The pool area is very nice and overall, the service is very solid.. . We stayed in the regular suites (not the tower suite) portion of the hotel. I liked the fact that all the rooms are the same size and layout. The rooms are good size with floor to ceiling windows which offer nice views. The rooms have a modern design. They have very high ceilings and well placed mirrors to give the feel of more space. The bathrooms are beautiful with a large glass shower and separate, large tub. Lots of marble tile. Bed and linens were of very high quality and the electronic lighting control is slick. . . The staff is very friendly and helpful. Every staff member I made eye contact with greeted me warmly except for what wasnoted below.. . We wanted to see "O" at the Bellagio. I called the concierge desk a couple of weeks before my arrival and Brendon scored us some excellent seats at the base price which was very cool. During our stay, he got us some great reservations at Le Cirque on a very busy night.  Every time I called, he remembered me and got things lined out for us very quickly. I am sure the other concierge staff is as good but you cant go wrong asking him for assistance. There was a huge convention (140k people) while we were there and we were very appreciative that we could get such great service.. . Ok.. so why just 4 stars rather than 5? For me, a hotel or restaurant will need to hit a home run for me to give them a 5. Encore did well but they did stumble a couple of times.. . Upon arrival, our check in experience was cold. Fast, efficient, but cold.  We knew about the resort fee prior to our arrival (it wasn't included in our package). We were told coldly it was mandatory, however it was either removed from our account later or was never added. We had a conflict with the staff when we wanted to go work out one morning which was uncomfortable. Who wants to argue with a gym attendant at 8 am over a $15 user fee? When it was corrected, it was added back and forward on our account for a mystery amount that needed to be corrected at check out.. . We also rented a fridge and had it removed the next day. We were charged for 4 nights use. Again, it was corrected upon check out but I felt like I had to explain all the corrections and it literally took 20 mins to get us out of the hotel. . . Finally, I know this is vegas and I stay in a lot of urban hotels for business so I am a little more used to all the little fees hotels charge you but this property takes it to the extreme. These fees, to me, is more of an annoyance than anything. I am not an expert on hotel pricing but I would rather pay a little more and not have to deal with silly charges. We were charged the following during our stay:. . Room at a higher floor - $20 per night. When that room had a funny smell, I took it as an opportunity to change to a room facing the other direction (toward the strip). That upgrade fee kept me at a high floor but added $5 per night to the fee for a total of $25 per night. Really?. . In room Fridge - $25 per day. . In room internet - $18 per day (unless you get the resort fee). The internet did not work at the pool or gaming areas.. . Receiving a package while at the hotel - $15. Yes, just to receive a package plus we had to ask to have it delivered to the room and tipped accordingly (not knowing about the fee).. . Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and enjoyed the property. It met our needs. Yes it is more expensive than many but depending on your definition of value, this could meet your needs. It did ours.
Love Love Love this place.  . . The rooms are clean, spacious, and decorated with modern touches.  I've stayed at the Wynn before and enjoyed my stay there.  After staying at Encore, why bother with Wynn?  Encore is an all suite hotel, so you're guaranteed a large room.  Unfortunately it's at the very end of the strip, so it does feel far from everything else.  Fashion show mall is across the street with cheap eats and a starbuck that doesn't charge $6 for a grande like the Sbx by Harrah's or inside Mirage.  . . Encore charges a $20 resort fee for every night you're there.  It includes wifi, and even if you don't want it, too bad.  They charge you anyway. . . Also, I wasn't amazed by Encore's pool area. Wynn is better. Plus the food menu option at the pool was pretty disappointing.
High class.. . When walking in here, you instantly feel taller. The whole casino was designed with elegance. The room was massive, and it came with a personal massage table near the front restroom. The windows in both the rooms are gigantic, it really opened up the room, the whole wall was pretty much the window. . . The staff is super friendly and they make you feel welcome anywhere you are. I will definitely be coming back on a regular basis.
Encore and Wynn are definitely the nicest hotels in Las Vegas in my opinion. I would give this a 5 star review but our room was smaller than i was anticipating. I got suite with two queens and a corner couch and i was comparing it to Palazzo and Palazzo had a much better layout, it was bigger, and had a cool sunken area where the couch went. With that being said almost everything else is nicer here at the Encore. This hotel is beautiful. . . Encore is expensive but ive learned why it is worth staying here. They have 3 of thecoolest clubs in Las Vegas. XS, Surrender, Tryst to a lesser extent. We stayed here for a bachelor party, and since we were guest we went to concierege and paid for our tickets there. around 10:30 all 5 of us GUYS walked right past the GIGANTIC line and walked right into the club, absolutely no wait!!! It was awesome! The other way you save money is that you dont have to take expensive cab rides getting from your hotel to Encore or Wynn, And you also dont have to take the annoying cab ride after the club. The convenience to drink up, walk down stairs, walk right into the club, then walk right back upstairs was so nice. I cannot stress it enough. If you factor in transportation, Bribing the bouncer (for an all guy party) and paying more for drinks because you dont have them convenienctly upstairs) then you end up paying about the same as staying at a cheaper casino. Think about it and enjoy!. . . PS. They have a nice mall across the street with a big food court for when you dont want to spend a ton of money on food.
Overall, we had a great stay at The Encore! 3.5 is a more accurate rating.. . The good: european pool, service, cleanliness, decor, Okada, Red 8, energy, spa-massage was incredible!. . The not so good: noise carried between suite rooms WAY TOO easily!!!! Price too high for that. Breakfast service slow and food mediocre-could use better choices, too.
As compared to other old-schooled hotels in Vegas such as Bellagio, Mirage, Encore is quite new and modern. . . I like their red decoration and the theme of butter flies throughout the hotel. . . The room is spacious and nice. We tried a few restaurants in the hotel, all of them were quite good, though on the pricey side. . . The casino is nicer than the other older casinos in town. The service at the casino was good. . . We also did spa during our stay. The spa was expensive, but it was really good. The facilities were well designed and incredible. The spa lobby was quite stunning. . . However, we had to wait in line pretty much everywhere, oh well, this is Vegas. . . Also, they made a mistake on our spa charge upon check-out. The receptionist was a bit rude as well, even though in the end she corrected it. . . Overall, we had a good stay there.
"Wynn was so great, it needed an Encore." Everytime I walk in here I can't help but think that. . . I find this casino to be more navigable than Wynn -- for some reason I always get disoriented in Wynn when I am in the casino...maybe that was done by design so I never leave...hmmm.. . Some interesting points: I don't like the casino decor as much as Wynn's (everything red with butterflies isn't necessarily my thing) but it definitely differentiates itself from its predecessor, despite looking like it's mini-me from the outside. The light fixtures definitely make a statement -- they look like they were salvaged from a really expensive pirate ship whose captain had an unhealthy fixation with coral. But this is me trying to find things to nitpick because at the end of the day, Encore is great. XS (when the pool area is open on the weekends) is one of my favorite clubs and has yet to disappoint. The lounges are fun as well -- especially Eastside Lounge, the piano bar.
I'm giving it four stars.  But first the bad.   Another all-red unaesthetic casino.  And do not -- even if you are on the 25th floor -- pick a suite with a strip view.  Opt for the downtown view.  Why?  The thump thump of the night club goes right to your bones until 4 a.m.  (We got back at 12 for our one night there, went to sleep, and woke up and switched rooms at 1.)   . . That being said, the rooms (ours was a small suite) are beautiful.  They look like something out of Mad Men, or the Chrysler Building.  Nicely styled, understated, really very decent style.  You feel like you are in the Vegas of Sinatra, or at least Swingers or the Hangover.  The fitness center and pool (while not as nice as the Cosmopolitan's) are nice.  Like the Bellagio, you do not have to walk through a smoky casino just to get to check-in.   You can get there straight from the parking lot.  That is something.    It is at the other end of the strip.  I like how we did it:  2 days at one end, a break into scenic Nevada and Utah for some  . . . scenery (what else), and then back for one final night at the other end.
What can I say?  We had this trip planned for some time.  My fiance had received a coupon for a deal in the mail, which is how we decided to stay here.. . I'm guessing we are not their target audience because it's clear they want us to gamble a bunch, which neither of us do not.. . The rooms were beautiful.  The pictures others have posted were completely representative of what our room was like and we had a decent view which we really enjoyed day and night.. . I really enjoyed the fact that this place is so nice they don't have those annoying vendors that ask you to go to a show, etc.  After about four days of that, I'm done.. . This location is right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, which is convenient if you need to pick up a couple of items.. . There is also a Walgreens and a liquor store within walking distance of the Encore so you can come back to your room and pregame before a night on the town.  . . I always bring a hotpot with me when I travel in case they do not have a coffee pot or anything else in the room.  It's very convenient to have some coffee and tea and a few snacks in the room with you.  They have the weighted food and drink in the room (if it's off the scale for a minute it's an automatic charge)  I don't go for that kind of thing.. . Another thing I didn't really care for is the huge signs in the lobby that say your bags are subject to being searched for contraband (ie, outside food or drink...what is this a movie theater?)  For the record, that never happened and we followed in people carrying boxes of beer so I didn't feel to bad but, I mean really you are paying for the room so what is that all about?. . There is an additional charge to use the pool and work out facilities which was included in our package.  The pool was beautiful and very relaxing.  The weather wasthe nicest on the last day so we maximized our time before check out at the pool.  I'm sure when summer comes it will be really jammed there but we had the are all to ourselves.. . I did really enjoy the non smoking rooms and non smoking floors.  The ventilation in the casinos themselves was really good and not nearly as smokey as some of the older casinos.. . The wi-fi was supposed to be free with the package but every time you tried to login you were not able to.  The 3G for ATT didn't work very well inside without it.  We could have investigated it, I suppose but I let it go.. . I would like to say we'll be back but I'm thinking without some sort of great deal from Mr. Wynn, it will be out of my price range.
Overall we had a very pleasant experience. However, there was one little hiccup... our mini-fridge in the room had a really annoying hum to it that drove me crazy and kept me up in the middle of the night.  When I called front desk they said they would send an engineer up... hrm... methinks not. It's 2 in the morning and I just want to sleep!  So she rudely suggested "just pull out the plug".  But prior to doing that LADY, I wanted to ensure that it would not somehow charge me for all 20 drinks in the fridge... . . Anyway, we lived with the mini-fridge unplugged all weekend which meant many trips to the ice maker all the way down at the other end of the hallway.. . Small price to pay for an otherwise spectacular weekend.
I was really excited about my stay at the Encore and I think for the most part, the hotel delivered a nice stay with few hitches. Situated next to the Wynn at the end of the strip, it feels a little far to get here. The Encore hasn't quite grown into itself yet, meaning that it doesn't feel full or happening like the Wynn.. but it has all the potential to get there. The pools are smaller than the Wynn but nice. And the restaurants are pretty good too.. . A couple of things to consider for your stay here: get a room that's as high up as possible. I was on the 34th floor and could hear the dance music all night. It was hard to sleep and even when we switched rooms, we had the same problem. Also, cabs don't come here as often and the cab line can get quite long. Give yourself some time to get around. We saw Le Reve while we were here which was excellent. The Wynn theater is nice. All and all, not a bad place to stay. I just wish it had that extra something special
We adore this hotel! we stay here once a year for my bday! U can't beat the free drinks as gamble all night! and club XS is hot hot hot! . Once u gt pass the some what lazy and clueless front desk, u are free to enjoy your stay!!! oh my they also have the best food. I eat croissants ALL DAY for everyday that we stay there! they have the best croissants. lol The only annoying thing besides the FD, is that corny new outdoor party place w the balcony.
I am a fan of the vegan options and the pretty but opulent and unnecessary grandeur inside and out.. . I will never buy sunglasses that cost $1,500 but someone they got me eating a plate of veggies for $20+.. . This is a swanky place and in general I am not a big Vegas fan, but for providing vegan options at all, I four star it!
Very nice place, quiet in room area.   Gave it 4 stars for a few reasons. . 1. Not the best place with those traveling with kids under 18.    When the beach club is open, there is really no dress code for those heading to the pool.  Although your teenage boy might enjoy the women walking down the halls with skimpy bathing suits with six inch heels and bad language, you might not.. 2.  Same applies to night time with those waiting for the clubs to open.. 3. Thought is was funny that they had hosts at the double doors opening them for people but they were 15% successful in doing so.. 4. Thought it was odd that housekeeping started their rounds approx 9am then stuck a card on the door that they were unable to clean the room.  Come on guys this is Vegas. Who gets up before 9 am!. 5. Don't buy at the shops.  There is a huge markup. For example a meat slicer sold for $510.00 in the home store but when I red lasered it on my iPhone I found it for $375... . 6. If you want a cheap meal, go across the street at the food court at the mall.  You won't really find one here.
A few comments:. . 1) The rooms are great, best on strip.. 2) Staff is great and helpful. 3) Euro pool is a total waste. Having had  visiting many Euro sunbtahing resorts, the Encore is far from it. There is a 15/1 ratio of guys the gals (ex retired frat guys, or old guys trying to be 40 again. The creep factor is off the charts here. Wife who is very comfortable being topless, was reluctant due to amount of creeps. Totally ruined the experience, they should make it mandatory topless and only couples allowed in. This pool is the run off for Encore beach party that charges for entry while this pool is free. Spoke to several 30's-40"s couple whom felt the same way.. . Overall a great hotel and other than the Euro pool, all is fantastic
It's the sequel to the Wynn, just like the Palazzo is the sequel to the Venetian. The decor is beautiful, making you feel like you are in one of the more elite hotels in Vegas. If you're looking for luxury and a place to come in order to feel like you're getting the best service around, the Encore will do it for you! There is a red theme running through the hotel, and I have to say the decor and atmosphere makes you feel more cozy and welcoming aside from other hotels that seem plain jane but still give you the elitist feeling. Surprisingly, I don't tend to gamble in the more popular hotels on the strip, but felt like I had a little luck in this place.
Love this hotel.  The rooms are spectacular, spacious and beautifully decorated. All in natural bone/beige w/black accents.  Queen bed with sitting area that has full sofa and chaise. Floor to ceiling windows. I have a great view of golf course. Everything is at the push of a button - drapes, lights, etc. Double vanity bath with stall shower and big tub. The only not so great are the towels. Not plush and kind of stiff. . . Room service is friendly and on time which is awesome in a hotel this size. Newspaper every am. . . All in all great. Too bad I have to go home.
Best hotel in Vegas.  . . Decor, atmosphere, cleanliness, and service are all at the top when compared to others.  It is all about luxury here, and there's plenty of shops like LV and Vertu to uphold that status.. . The rooms here are great and all have a ground to ceiling window so you can see out of your room.  If you are able to get the front view, it is amazing as you can see down the Strip to the South.  It is spacious as well, and the super amazing bed... oh man... you will never want to get up.  . . The pool is grandiose too.  At night, it serves as the place for XS but during the day, go down and mingle in the Euro-style pool or have a swim in the other.. . Two super clubs here: XS and Surrender, both taking advantage of the pools around Encore.  Lines do get long so... prepare to wait if you come late!. . Food option can be limited.  There's really nothing "affordable" here as most restaurants will cost you a pretty penny.  There is a sort of cafe near the walkway to Wynn but it's not that cheap either and the food isn't that great.  Just head over to the Wynn Buffet?. . One thing I will knock against Encore/Wynn is that their Red Club, which is the player's card, gives HORRIBLE comps.  Of course, if you gamble big, the more comps and VIP service you would get, but gambling the same amount here versus MGM or Harrah's is definitely not the same in terms of earned points.
I did not stay here but I visited twice, and have to say I was blown away by how pretty it was inside.  It has the best club in XS, probably the best pool party at Encore Beach, the prettiest crowd, and a great vibe.  If the rooms match the rest, it is a 5 star hotel.
I stayed at Encore during EDC weekend. I booked a 2 person, 4- night package deal through Expedia. It came with 2 plane tickets which came around to be $1,300 for the weekend. It was probably the best deal for the weekend for a nice hotel..It was my first time staying at Encore. I usually stay at Venetian or Palazzo. Let me tell you this, we had a suite and the setup is horrible! Venetian/Palazzo blows Encore out of the water!! No joke. Rooms are small and most importantly, there is no cell phone reception inside Encore! WTFBBQ! Several of us had Verizon, AT&T (LOL..they always do not have reception), and Sprint. Encore needs to step up there game and get a cell phone tower built into their hotel. . We had several issues where they told us we have $150 hotel credit when we checked in. We used that credit for room service and etc. At checkout, they said they never mentioned it..like wtf? We complained and they fixed the problem.
Are you ready to Check In to your suite?. . Encore remains to be the one of the premiere hotels in Las Vegas. There have been a few that have tried to challenge the standing of the Encore and Wynn, like new comers, "the Cosmopolitan", and "The City Center", but when it comes to true luxury, world class cuisine, exclusive clientele, Steve Wynn continues to lead and raise the bar a little higher than the rest. . . This all suite hotel is home to some of the hottest clubs on the strip.  XS and Encore Beach Club featuring some of the hottest DJ's from around the world.  I was here for a intimate party at the Beach Club with Deadmau5, as well as the residency with Steve Aoki at XS, (one of the biggest club nights at the property).  . . The Spa at the Wynn is also amazing.  Make sure that you spend a few hours there, you won't want to leave.  They have couches and fireplace that you can stay and relax while sipping on water with lemon slices.  . . Once you're done with the spa, what's next?  Back to your suite?  Hit the shops?  Take your chances at the High Roller's Table?  The options are endless..... . Steve, you've really outdone yourself.
I really love this hotel and my most recent stay was one of many since it's opened. It's beautiful and has a good number of amenities as well as a great selection of restaurants (many of which are vegan friendly!). .  .  The pool at Encore is really well kept and the fact that they have an "European" pool is really great if you don't want kids around since it's 21 and up only. . .  The bell/door staff was really great and Katie at checkin was extremely helpful. The only hiccup in the staffing that I encountered was one slightly rude woman at the Sundries shop.. .  This is definitely a more mature crowd, so if you are looking for a nice place that feels like a party, you'll be better off at another hotel. It's not as old as the crowd at the Wynn, but definitely older than that at the Venetian. If you are looking for a nicer place that's a little less rambunctious, you won't be disappointed here.
My favorite hotel on the strip.. . . Pros. . - Most likely the cleanest hotel on the strip. - Doesn't smell like an ash tray. - Great crowds (no thugs, no sweat pants, no basketball shorts + flip flops, no hoodies). - At night you need a room key to get pass the guard at the elevators. - Pools are clean and not over crowded. - Drinks are not lacking alcohol (even top shelf). - Access to several clubs between Encore and Wynn. - Great room comps. - Great decor and service. . . Cons. . - Its at the end of the strip
Best bathrooms I've used thus far :)
This hotel is opulence overload. It is very well done, from amenities to keeping the "Vegas riff raff" out. The on call staff off Rolls Royce is enough said. However, I wasn't completely happy with the guest staying there. It's a bit "AARP" and "Boca Raton". Old, rich and very boring! The casino was always dead. The stores are packed with women stuffing themselves into thing made for the young and beautiful. The food was great but expect to pay the premium. Clubs and bars were great too. Be prepared to get table service or expect to wait in line forever. Granted they even like your "look". The Encore Beach Party was simply amazing. One of the best parties ever! I highly recommend it!
Encore is a great addition to the Wynn. I actually liked the casino, it seemed to be a little more quiet than the Wynn. The room was very nice, love the ceiling to floor windows and the seating area. Steve Wynn is always spot on with his attention to detail. I only give it 4 stars because the wait service was very sparse. Took way too long to get drinks at the poker machines.
Although my hotel of choice in Vegas is the Wynn, my husband and I decided to mix it up a bit and try the Encore this time.  . . The Encore is a little different from the Wynn in that it seems a bit more sparsely laid out.  Also, according to one of the clerks at the front desk, the Encore is supposed to be more "contemporary" than the Wynn.   Here are some of my thoughts about this hotel and casino:. . Pros:. - Much less hectic gambling area with lower limit tables being available pretty much all day - even at peak times on Friday and Saturday nights, believe it or not.  . - The resort king suites are slightly larger than the Wynn's standard rooms with a separate sitting area and couch.  . - Closer to the shopping area with high end boutiques such as Chanel, Hermes and Rolex.  . . Cons:. - Not many casual dining options.  My husband and I found ourselves walking over to the Wynn side for quick meals during our stay.    . - Slightly more expensive rates (at least whenever I've checked).  . - A lot of drunk people stumbling into the casino from the beach club in the afternoon, which can be annoying when you're trying to gamble.  . - Less selection of room toiletries (no razors, toothbrushes or slippers, which I've found in all of the Wynn rooms, from the standard rooms all the way up to the Tower and Parlor suites). - Decor is a little too much for my tastes and I didn't care for all of the red in the casino.  . . While I really enjoyed my stay here, I would probably stay at the Wynn side next time, just because the Encore seems kind of far from everything.  . . But I must say that I had a great time gambling at the Encore and would come back to the tables here because it isn't as crowded.  And overall, one of the things I've noticed about the Wynn/Encore is how friendly the dealers and pit bosses are.  Most of the ones I've encountered have been very personable and always willing to help you out if you're a beginning player.  Also, if you're a Red Card member and playing at the tables, you'll always get rated, regardless of your bet amount.
Stayed here on the last vegas trip with some friends. I can't say I'm a huge fan of the casino, but as far as the rooms go, awesome! Pretty spacious rooms kind of like venetian/palazzo. Four of us fit very comfortably in there. . . The best thing about the room though by FAR was the shower. I love showers with strong water pressure. My god the shower was so good I'm pretty sure the shower-head needed a cigarette when I was done. I want to stay here again just to take another shower.
First time staying here, it was a couple of weeks ago where I went with my girlfriend and her family and my brother and my friend. The room was very very nice and the shower was AMAZING. I loved it.. . Food places= not really a lot of places to choose since it is a very high quality hotel. . Casino= very nice, but table game minimums are very expensive. . Buffet = Was AMAZING. . Room= VERY VERY nice, sort of like Venetian and Palazzo
I absolutely loved this hotel! I stayed here from 8/26-8/28 in a Resort King Room and it was absolutely beautiful. Usually, I say the room doesn't really matter especially when in Vegas, because most the time is spent out and about partaking in drunken debauchery. . . However, (and the bf agreed) this past weekend we actually ended up spending a good amount of time in the room just because it was that awesome. From the auto drapes and lights (which makes everything soooo much easier) to the floor to ceiling windows, to the gorgeous bathroom, this room easily gets 5 stars! . . Note: We were staying in the most basic room at the Encore and asked for the highest level available. We were given the 36th floor. Initially, we paid the $20/night upgrade fora "panoramic view room." We were moved to the 58th floor facing downtown (same as the the 36th floor). We went to our upgraded room and it was the same EXACT  view we had in our non upgraded room on the 36th floor. We went back to the check in desk and requested to be switched back to the basic room. They switched us back with no questions asked. Needless to say, the upgrade probably isn't worth it unless your going to be facing the strip. . . . Now to review the other resort amenities: . European pool at Encore is awesome, especially on Saturdays. It's an adult scene with a DJ and all. Only a few women (grandma types) had their tops off. The normal pool is nice as well if you're into the more laid back scene. We also ventured to the Wynn adult pool and normal pool. The normal pool here is nicer than Encores in my opinion. However, the adult pool at Wynn seemed kind of dirty and grimy to me (Encores is was much nicer). Drinks at both pools were over priced (as expected) so we just pre gamed in the room ;-) . . The casino at the Encore is nice, especially during the day; lots of open machines. . . Elevators to the rooms are very close to the parking structure (which is much appreciated in Vegas summer heat). . . We didn't use restaurants or clubs here so I can't comment on that aspect of Encore. . . Now my gripes (and the reason I docked a star): . 1. As many others have mentioned, the location kind of leaves something to be desired. Not because it's far from the Southern end of the strip, but because North of Encore it gets kind of dingy. We wanted to venture to Walgreen's but there were some sketchy characters (and that's by Vegas standards) in the area. . 2. After 11pm Encore becomes a zoo. Both XS and Surrender are in the hotels casino and an insane amount of people crowd the area. The line for XS wraps all the way through the Esplanade and the one for Surrender goes right smack dab through the center of the casino. . 3. 20/night resort fee. mehh, it was kind of expected though. (it is nice that in room wi-fi is included in this, and they give you free water at the pool so I guess youre getting what you pay for). . . Other than that, it was an awesome hotel experience with an accommodating and helpful staff! Will return!
Wejust returned from LDW 2011 in Vegas!! We previously stayed at the Wynn, but had such a dodgy experience last time that we decided to try Encore. I am soooo glad we did because it blows the Wynn away. This hotel is really wonderful.. . Decor and ambience - 5 stars. Love the incredible red decor. It's warm and inviting yet funky and bright! The layout is convenient and seems smaller than most casino hotels in Vegas. This is a good thing to me as you don't feel like you are walking forever from the entrance to get to your room like some hotels.. . Location - 3.5. It is located on the north end of the strip, so it's not as convenient as most of the hotels for walking to everything. We had to shell out serious cash for cabs. . . The Rooms -  5 Stars . We had a room facing north towards the Hilton hotel. Great view, amazingly well appointed, and best of all QUIET!! That for me is a major point our room at the Wynn was not quiet at all.. . The Staff - 4.5 Stars. Very courteous and incredibly helpful everywhere we went. I love that they always used my name when I picked up the phone no matter what department I contacted. No one appeared to be indifferent or have an attitude which can happen at some hotels.. . The Euro/Adult Pool -  5 stars. Great Music, fun vibe in the afternoon, decent bar tenders, and not overly crowded. Only a few dare to bare so don't let your puritanical American mind fret too much over this fact.. . Prepare to Pay and Pay Big - 3.0 stars. Nothing is cheap in Vegas, but it blows me away that hotels can charge $15 dollars for a shot and $11 and up for drinks. That is highway robbery and thank GAWD we don't gamble because we certainly spent plenty of money on food and dining. . . Encore Beach - 3.5 stars. The pool party on Saturday was outta sight fun!! This pool area is huge and definitely one of the nicer pools around Vegas. My only gripe is they didn't have enough bartenders to handle the crowd size. It's LDW and the pool was jam packed. I kinda felt bad for the bartenders because they looked slammed and never seemed to get a breather. Guess that's part of the job, but I didn't like having to wait 20 mins for a drink and I never saw a server come our way.. . Spa - 3.5 stars. Pricey but well worth saving your pennies if you have a special night and want to get your makeup done. The makeup artists and hairstylists at Encore are amazing!! We also got mani/pedis, but they were nothing to write home about.. . Dining - . Society Cafe - 4 stars - I will write a separate review for them, but we ate breakfast and lunch here. Nothing special nothing horrible either.. . Breakfast Buffet 2.5 stars in the Wynn - $40 per person - Seriously WTF! It was quite the spread but certainly not worth the price. . . Pool food -2.75 Asian salad ok but nothing special. Luckily the servers were super nice and really helpful.. . Lobby bar by the elevators - 0 stars. Whatever you do STAY AWAY from the lobby tapa bar. I had the worst food poisoning from eating bad shrimp. It ruined an entire evening and night of my 4 day trip. Luckily, I recovered enough the next day to enjoy what was left of our stay. I will say that the hotel did send up security to check on me and so I could file a report.. . SW - 3.0 stars. Meh not the best food I ever ate. Server was decent, but I just can't believe they can charge $62 for 12oz filet and $12 per side with straight faces. - I will write a review soon because as nice as the dreamscape show and the level of service may be, it doesn't justify the exorbitant price to dine here. Also watch out the drinks here are incredibly strong!. . Overall it averages out to be - 3.5 to 4.0 stars. Despite the one food poisoning blemish we will definitely stay there again. May not eat there again, but definitely a great room in a nice hotel.
Our stay at the Encore was a very pleasant one. We were able to get a great deal through Southwest vacations already, and when we arrived, our room was immediately upgraded to the panoramic suite facing the Strip without our even requesting!. . Rooms were spacious, had a nice view, and the beds were crazy comfortable. The bathroom was so clean that I even ran a bath. The view of the Wynn and the Strip was super baller. However, if you're actually planning to get some sleep (Um, you're in Vegas. Why sleep?), be aware that the rooms facing the strip are also facing Encore Beach Club/Surrender night club. On the 58th floor I could still hear music all day/night long (I suppose they shut it down at some point in the very early morning until about 11am). I didn't care, but I think if I was actually trying to get a full night's rest, I might care. The hotel staff were professional, courteous, helpful, accommodating. We requested a few things from housekeeping and they brought them quickly.. . In the casino, I was able to catch $10 minimums for craps tables a lot of the time, even during some peak hours. It doesn't beat downtown Vegas $5 minimums, but at least you don't have to schlep all the way there. Video poker machines are slow but entertaining, so you can just put in a little bit of money, play slowly, and get some free drinks. . . The pool was fantastic and our group spent quite a bit of time there. One of the nights, we went to Surrender night club. The line looks intimidating and doesn't make a lot of sense (it stretches through the middle of the casino), but it went pretty quickly. The club itself was very nice and had a mini casino.. . It's a good thing we got a deal on our stay here because everything is expensive. Internet is $13.95 for 24 hrs (lucky we got it for free). Breakfast burritos are $10. I made a big stink about this, but damn if it wasn't a tasty breakfast burrito. The $10 is probably paying for their super wasteful packaging: thick plastic container inside a plastic bag.. . The location of the hotel is at the end of the Strip, but we didn't feel like we were missing out on anything. A few times, we walked to other casinos (as far as the Bellagio, but took a taxi if it was farther). We still felt like we had options of where we wanted to spend our time and didn't feel limited by the location.. . I definitely want to stay here again. Hopefully on another deal...
I was always a Palazzo fan and not to take away from Palazzo but this hotel is awesome. . . The rooms here are beautiful. Period. And I don't use the word "beautfiul," but I don't think there is a better way to describe it.  These rooms are meant for smaller groups and couples (unlike Palazzo).  It is not as big as Palazzo and just has one King bed, which is nice, but if you're planning on bean packing a butt load of people it ain't gonna work.. What's also cool is that everything is automated including blinds, lights, privacy settings.. . The main bad thing here for which I knocked it from a 5 to 4 is b/c you can hear the XS bass pretty well from your room at night, which is kind of distracting if you're trying to sleep. If you can get past the judgment of me being in my room in Vegas while XS was still open, you'll see my point.  We were on the 14th floor too and it was still not great. It was difficult to fall asleep, so the second night I put it on my "sleeping" playlist on my iPad and slept like a baby.. . The other downfall, which I didn't really dock for, but is something to take into account is that it is at the very end of the strip, so you do have to walk a bit if you want to go more central areas. However, there is so much around it like the mall across the street and the Wynn Shops and the North Outlets are one (express) bus stop away. . . And obviously, it's pricey, so hope you have money to cough up.
Now this is what you call living the High Life in Las Vegas! I absolutely love their modern fixtures and the service overall is stupendous. Unlike other Vegas hotels that leaves you skin dry and flaky with the smell of cigarettes, the Encore's air was not dry and was well ventilated with no smoking floors available. Their standard King Suites are spacious with dual sinks, a huge soaking tub and a separate walk in shower. Oh and did I mention that all the lights and curtains can be operated by the touch of a button next to your bed (especially useful for those long nights and sleep-in mornings--that's what you get for waking up in Vegas!). . The amenities are great too! The pool area is great to lounge in and get and take a dip on a hot and humid day. Their are also plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from that are all top notch! I'd definitely recommend staying at the Encore.. . The only reason I knocked it one star was because the View from my room was looking at the opposite end of the strip with a glimpse of the Stratosphere, Circus Circus, a church and a construction lot. If you can, request a strip view as I hear the views on that end are spectacular. Depending on the time of visit, you can also upgrade your room to a panoramic high floor room for just $20 bucks more a night. Something I'll definitely consider the next time I visit!
Encore is lovely.  It is exactly what you would expect Steve Wynn to add to his already impressive resort called The Wynn.  At the north end of The Strip, the location is one that will only improve over the years, but everything you need is within a stones throw.  . . There is plenty of shopping throughout the resort, and the Fashion Show Mall is directly across the street.  There are quite a few restaurants on-property to keep you busy for days.  I ate at Switch last week, and it was entertaining.  The food was pretty good.  Having a comp made it better.  No comp?  Just get a drink and watch the "Switch' from the bar.. . The rest of the reviews pretty well cover this property.  Definitely a wonderful place to stay.
Beautiful hotel room and pool. Everything is incredibly modern.  The spa was beautiful.  The only reason I have deducted a star is because it is a bit pricey.   But I'd still go back.
This is a nice hotel. I just got back from veags last night and the trip wasnt paid for by me, so this is an honest to goodness review of the hotel itself.. . They get four stars because of the staff. Otherwise, it would be three. (c'mon yelp, let us give half stars already!!) We stayed in the tower suites area of the hotel, which is the "VIP" section. there is a sepearate valet and check in area. There is also a private pool for the tower suite guests ( which after seeing all the pools at both Encore and Wynn) is nothing to write home to mom about. The best pool there was the european pool at the Encore which was filled with americans. The draw is that women can go topless if they want. EVERYONE had on a bikini top.  Weak!!! . . This is a 5 star hotel. One of four on the strip. (Wynn, Bellagio, and the Four Seasons) are the other three. Perhaps its just me, but 5 star means that NOTHING should fall through the cracks. We got room service the first night. Coffee, tea, and cookies. Thats it. $57. Thats crazy talk. That tea better be picked by the hand of Buddha, and Jesus better have made those cookies. DAMN!! The person who brought the table said he would send someone back in an hour to get the table. That table was there until the next day. Same thing the next night. No biggie, but if were VIP then wtf? If I was Mariah Carey, those tables woulda been gone asap.. . The room was nice. View of the Encore Beach club which was empty the entire weekend. It costs $80 to get in if you're not a Wynn or Encore guest and $50 if you are. I'll just stick to the free pools thanks, although the ambiance of it from my window looked cool.  Bathroom was a marble delight. Super comfy beds. SUPER NICE valet and cleaning staff. Would i stay there again? Sure, on someone elses dime. On my dime, its ALL about the Palazzo hotel baby. See review for this one below....
Beautiful casino :) Enjoyed my visit here!
I had a weeklong stay at the Encore and really enjoyed every minute.  The tower was situated close to everything, the store selection was great and the various restaurants throughout the Encore & Wynn properties were top notch.. . I would stay here again.
Liked Encore well enough but still prefer the Wynn.. Encore needs more tables for people to gamble at! If you're a player you have to walk over to the Wynn.. Another issue for me is... no 24hr dining available. Ouch. Walking far after partying all night at XS isn't fun.
Very nice. Everything you need in one spot.  A great party and great shopping, that's really what you go to Vegas for right? Stay there you will love it. Not the best hotel I have ever stayed at, but very good. Btw room service is off the hook
The Wynn and Encore are two of the nicest hotels/resorts in Las Vegas.  The Wynn Ferrari dealer is amazing, I bought my 2010 Ferrari California off the showroom and they treat you like family, Rich and Tony are beyond amazing!  The negative is the high prices for drinks and food at the bars/restaurants, I guess you do get what you pay for!
Halloween weekend for a gathering of bachelor's as one prepares to share his life with the woman of his dreams...dramatic enough? This was a celebration to the fullest. I can't say enough how impressed I was with the customer service of this hotel. The room itself was alright but everything from the front desk, valet staff and housekeeping were top notch. The room served its purpose as a lair for The Karate Kid to rest while Cobra Kai chased him around the hotel. Mr.Miyagi couldn't have that and had Daniel San crane kick em into a body bag... This place is on hit for sure.
I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the Encore/Wynn Hotel.  I also enjoyed and highly recommend Le Reve show (A must see).  Great service, breakfast buffet.  Decor is nice, however, they don't  have enough storage space in the rooms.  I thought they would at least have an amoire considering the size of the King suites.  I like the fact that it is away from the congestion of other hotels.
Was a VERY big fan of the Encore.  I can imagine that many folks are put off by the fact that it's on one end of the strip.  However, the service here was great.  The rooms were spacious, clean, gorgeous, upscale, and lovely.  The services at the resort were complete.  I loved the interior decor, and I really wish I could sleep on a Wynn Encore bed (and in those sheets) every night.  I would say bring good walking shoes, though, or plenty of taxi fare if your itinerary is on the other side of the strip.
Totally beats any hotel on the Strip! The Parlor and Salon Suites is a must to stay in! Fully stocked mini bar, 1800-2400 sq. ft, flat-screens, and ceiling windows!!! AMAZING! . . Shows? Le Reve is the place to go! Golf? Call the concierge and I can get a tee time in seconds. Dining? Bartolotta and Okada is where you want to have reservations! And it's probably one of the must luxury casinos I've ever walked into. The only reason it gets 4 stars is because the fitness center's treadmills were malfuncitioning at the moment. . . Just remember to book in months in advance. Rooms and Suites go faster than you can read this review!
The last time we stayed in Vegas, we stayed at The Wynn, so this time we decided to try the Encore. The staff are wonderful here, and our room was clean. But, there is definitely room for improvement. They need to get better showerheads, we both didn't care for the one in our room. Also, the towels were rather rough, and so was the toilet paper they had. When I travel, I want to feel pampered, and when the towels, showerhead and toilet paper are better quality at home, I do not feel pampered. The red color inside both hotels really got to me this time. The dark red colors felt too heavy and gaudy. They really need to get a better designer in there to revamp the colors and decor. The one thing we loved is that we never had to wait more than about 5 seconds for an elevator, and there was no waiting at registration, or anything else here. But, that is also a sign that it is kind of dead here. There are really no ammenities inside this hotel. The entry doors from the self parking lot, were heavy and hard to open, and they didn't have a switch to open the doors if you are handicapped. The slots were super tight inside, and hardly anyone was gambling there.The tables in the casino are a minimum of $25.00, which I didn't like, because i like to start with $20.00 bets, and work up to about $50.00 to $100.00 per hand. I dropped over $400.00 at blackjack, and only won one hand the whole time, so obviously i quit playing here,and went to another casino. Also, the casino here was dead. I mean none of the casinos are as packed as they use to be, but this one was nearly a complete ghost town. When I go back to Vegas next time, I know we won't even drop in this place again. This place could be a real draw just because of the "Wynn" branding, but now that the economy is so down, I think it needs to be revamped to attract bigger crowds.
Call me charles dickens because I had great expectations. The service is okay..made us wait 3 hours for our room to be ready? Doesn't make sense. Rooms are nice and spacious..the atmosphere is very calm and not so much ruckus as at other casinos. Ehh meh..I'd stay there again at a very good price, the location is a turn off because you have to cab it everywhere. So so like girls without make up.
Encore is pretty neat!. . I didn't get a chance to test my luck on their slot machines, but I did stay in their suite for a night. The room is very luxurious and spacious! We had a view of the bright lights of the Las Vegas strip. It was lovely.. . I also liked how the bathroom in our room has a small tv inside, so you can listen to music or watch tv shows while you shower.. . They have a 60 second rule for the food/drinks in the fridge and on the cart in the rooms. So see see, no touch! Unless you are thirsty/hungry.. . I recommend trying the Lobby Bar & Cafe conveniently located near the hotel elevators. It's a great place to grab a drink and small eats while you relax.. . The club entrance on the main floor can get pretty packed at night, so it's difficult to make your way around the crowd when you're walking to the parking lot.. . It's convenient how Wynn and Encore are connected, so you can walk back and forth between each place. There's plenty of restaurants and stores for you to check out while you venture between both places.. . Encore is definitely a place I'll consider staying at again during my future trips to Vegas.
The rooms are great when you upgrade! For additional $250, you can get a salon that will fit more than a dozen people with a mirror ceiling! The bathroom is huge and the living space is greater! Service was mediocre though. It took 25 minutes just to get coffee up in our room. I would have gone for a coffee run twice by then. Everything else was good though. Definitely modern and high class.
Spacious & clean, but I would have to say I prefer the Wynn over the Encore. Overall decor & size of room & size of bathroom were better at the Wynn. Everything else was great, service was impeccable just as it was at the Wynn. The service at the hotel is what you would expect from a 5 star hotel.  Everybody was very polite and helpful.  They made the stay that much more relaxing.. . Nightclub: XS and Surrender are both at Encore. Surrender was awesome, but XS, I cannot explain how nice this nightclub is
A beautiful display of home decor items, many items of which replicate one of the suites at the Encore.....all for purchase (for those who have the funds!).  Some of the decor is glitzy and glam, while other items are more serene and calming.  I love browsing these kinds of stores.  I'm always appreciative when they let me take pictures, although one of the store clerks gave me an evil eye.....but didn't say anything about it.
I loved my recent stay at the Encore.  I'm not a huge gambler and also don't like the cigarette smoke and the crowds that accompany it so I appreciated that the casino area was limited at this hotel.  . . My suite was beautiful.  I loved the chic but decidedly feminine color scheme of cream and black with accents of red.  I disputed that it was feminine but John pointed out the houndstooth wall coverings and I quickly shut my mouth.  . . The suite is essentially three open and interconnected areas, a large bathroom with a soaking tub and a large shower, a bedroom area, and a tv/lounging area.  So please be advised there are no doors (other than to the bathroom) to separate the spaces.  I didn't mind but it might make a difference for bigger groups sharing a room and sleeping spaces. . . I liked that the Encore was quiet, likely due to its location at the far end of the Strip.  But the on the downside, it was also hard to access good restaurants.  I felt that the Wynn and Encore's food offerings were subpar and the best restaurants were in the bigger hotel/casinos.  No a huge deal since I often drive to eat but it would have been nice to have at least one eatery on which to rely.
Good thing it was cheap. I guess the demand in January is low so our weekend 2 night stay cost us $300+tax+resort fee but included 2 tickets to see Le Reve and 2 brunches at the Wynn Buffet. Another bonus are the separate lines for hotel guests for Surrender and XS.. . The bed was really comfortable. Too comfortable perhaps, because I passed out almost the entire weekend. The room was huge and had a beautiful view of the Wynn and the bathroom was large as well.. . But little things did bug me a bit. 1) The bathroom is poorly designed for drainage and every time we took a shower or turned on the bath tub's faucet, water was everywhere. 2) Housekeeping didn't give us new lotion/shampoo/conditioner the second day even though we had used more than half of the bottle of lotion the first day. Good thing I tracked down a girl who gave me enough lotion for the next 3 weeks. 3) The TV remote stopped working the second day. 4) We had to pay the resort fee even though the pool was closed for the season.. . But then again, the room didn't cost us all that much compared to other strip (less than 5*) hotels.
We got a suite on the 21st floor, overlooking the strip, beautiful view! Probably the best hotel we ever stayed in Vegas. Everyone was really nice and helpful. I would have given them 5 stars but no poker room, the ice machine is like a mile away from my room and the kids screaming bloody murder next door killed it for me. For such a nice property you would think the walls would be thicker. Nevertheless, we will be back.
Recently came here for my 21st and had the time of my life!. . + Decor is just beautiful, very modern and classy. I loved having such a luxurious environment to stay in. Felt like a baller every day, just walking through the halls.. + I hate how my hair/clothes/errthang smells like smoke after staying in Vegas, so I liked that there was a limited casino area and limited smoking areas.. + So close to Surrender and XS! Two of my fav places to indulge in Vegas nightlife. + Suuuuuuper comfortable beds. Too comfortable. I didn't want to leave.. . - Room/bathroom were not routinely cleaned during my stay. And toiletries and such were not replenished often enough.. - WIFI is horrible at the Encore and I get no cell service in the rooms. But I don't want this minor flaw to weigh too heavily in my review 'cus you should really get out and enjoy Vegas, not stay cooped up in the hotel!. - I wish there were more selection in terms of restaurants, but with the proximity to the Fashion Show Mall and its food court, this wasn't too much of a hassle
This place is so fancy!! I've only been in the casino part and it's really nice. Their parking is easy and they have the best club in town (XS). They also have many nice smaller bars which are great for hanging out and just relaxing.
I refuse to stay anywhere elsewhile I'm in Vegas, and, once I check in, will hardly leave since the hotel has all the stuffs that I need--fine dining, casual dining, a Sportsbook, tables, slots, cafes, a pool, an adult pool, several bars, XS (which is Tryst, but gaudier), great service, friendly patrons, and guest rooms with walls covered in floor to ceiling mirrors. It's one of my favorite places. Probably because I associate it with morning shots, fine food, and drunkenness.. . The rooms are comfortable and spacious with a living area, a couple of flat screen TVs, floor to ceiling window, and a king sized bed. Restrooms have a tub, vanity, his and her sinks, and shower. The place is pristine. Customers of the Wynn and Encore can easily travel back and forth between the two. Also, the hotels are right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall and the Palazzo.. . Notables: Well ventilated casino and hotel so that smoke and other irritants in the air are minimal. Wynn may have better ventilation. Older clientele who aren't as chaotic, obnoxiously loud, or disrespectful as those who sometimes roll in droves to the Venetian or New York New York. Though, on 3 separate visits here, younger men have approached me in the casino area to subtly ask me if I was a prostitute.
High marks for the rooms, great views and beds are super comfy. Nice bathrooms upscale place all around. Easy access to the rest of the valley and Strip.
Pros: . +Amazing rooms (stayed at their basic room, which was stunning - great layout, very clean, huge bathroom with tub and shower) . +Great casino downstairs (clean, elegant). . Cons:. -The service was subpar (I came on a promotion that they sent me - when I checked out, they gave me a bill that was 400 dollars more than it should have been and the front desk person was not nice about it at all - finally after about 10 minutes the manager came and took care of it). . Overall:. Outstanding hotel/casino that can use better service; that being said, I would stay here again.
I love Encore. . . ROOMS: I've stayed here before and the rooms are really nice. I had a nice view and it was clean. CLEAN. :D It's expensive - even with a "good" deal - it's expensive :P. . SERVICE: Standard. . . CASINO: Of course you're going to have people smoking but the games were standard. I don't gamble. I just make sure I don't go anywhere with cigarettes. . . XS: I like the club because there is a pool area for the club and they do have seats for you in the game room portion with a bar that was not busy at all. The section that is across the pool. Awesome. The other section that you enter can get extremely full. . . OVERALL: Nice place to stay. Pricey but you get what you paid for.
If I had a choice, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  Encore is always my first and only choice while visiting Vegas.  Their customer service is quite stellar and the housekeeping beckons to your call with your every need.. . They print your boarding pass for you and everything is taken care of.  They also call you to make sure you received the item.  Your room key is your player card as well.. . The only thing they could improve on is upgrading their iHomes.  They are out of date and kind of faulty.. . Otherwise, everything is a one stop shop and in the summer, it is conveniently in the same building as Encore Beach Club.
Stayed her for a few nights beginning of the year in one of their suites. The hotel was very nice, clean, and simple. I usually stay at Aria, but thought I'd give Encore a try. . . The rooms were super clean. The gaming in this hotel was not crowded. A bit empty and boring. But, when you walk over to the wynn, it's much more lively. Drink service was snail speed. . . The bed was comfy and the amenities in the room were top notch. The only thing that was not working was the "night light" in the bathroom. no big deal. just wanted to see how it looked. haha. . . The best part of staying here was the concierge service! If you have a flight to catch, they'll check you in & print out your boarding passes for you. no fee! . . The coffee shop downstairs was convenient, but way over priced! . . We spend most of the time next door at the wynn. just came back to encore to sleep. . . Very comfortable and not crowded so I'll definitely stay here again!
My wife and I stayed at The Encore a couple days to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary.. . Over all, what can I say? It was a truly amazing place. Our King Suite was fantastic, everything provided was outstanding, and the service from staff was first class. Honestly, the only real annoying thing about the place was the annoyance and excessive number of snobs everywhere. I am neither wealthy nor broke, but if I ever find myself with a sustained abundance of cash, I hope I NEVER start acting like "rich people.". . I would definitely stay at The Encore again, but probably not with my kids. Again, as beautiful and elegant as the place is, it just seems a but overly hoity-toity for a family visit. Plus, with the "no strollers" sign visible at every entrance, I wouldn't want any snobs giving me a reason to backhand them for sneering at my kids.. . I don't hold this against The Encore. Again, the staff there was amazing, friendly, and accommodating. The amenities were amazing. The buffet, quite honestly, puts any buffet I have ever been to to shame. Finally, The Encore is the home of the show called La Reve (I'll review that separately). You definitely get what you pay for. Other than the snobs, I guess I would say the only thing I felt a little lost on is the concept for the place... unless the concept is simply luxury.
I stayed at the Encore at Wynn for the first time starting on March 31st.We arrived around 11 am-12 pm to be faced with a very long check in/out line. Luckily, the gentleman ("Trey")checking us in was absolutely outstanding and made up for the long wait. The room was not ready (we were before check in time), so Trey recommended a place for lunch and directed us to the bell desk to drop off our bags. Throughout our stay, Trey helped us a number of other times and was outstanding each and every time. .  . The room itself was very clean and well designed. Unfortunately, but not surprisingly, there was no fridge (just a mini bar that costs $25 if you disturb the weight sensor to make a spot), coffee maker, or microwave.There was a desk, two TVs, a huge, beautiful bathroom, and remote controlled blinds and lights as well as an iron with a  full sized ironing board, a safe and a lot of drawers for storage. The incidentals that are provided are great and more than the typical complimentary items. The view wasn't the greatest because you look out mostly on their parking garage and  the Encore Beach Club. The room was very quiet except when the Beach Club was blaring music until 2 am which we could hear fine on the 22nd floor, but this was only on the Saturday night of our stay. The remaining nights were very quiet..  . We ate at Society Club once and it was outstanding. We went to the Buffet once (it was included in a package deal that we had) the lines were long, slow moving and the buffet was nothing special and we definitely would not have spent the amount they charge for it. Le Reve, one of the Wynn's current shows, on the other hand, was definitely a must see. The show is in a small theatre and there is not a bad seat in the house. Be careful what you wear because you may be splashed but  not too badly..  . Biggest downsides were we had ZERO cell reception (T-mobile and AT&T) in our room the entire time. You could access the hotels Wi-Fi for $13.99 a day per device, but they wave it for one device with their "resort charge". Another big downside is the location. Because you are at the very end of the active part of the strip, it is a long walk or dangerous taxi ride to most places.
You know what?  . . Life is good.  Life is really damn good.. . You know life is good when you can book an impromptu getaway to the Encore resort.. . Imean, this resort is so freakin' beautiful and comfortable, it makes you smile from ear to ear, starting at the moment you walk in.  Everything from the tastefully appointed casino, to the gardens, to the peacock statues, to the gorgeous bars and lounges decked out in sumptuous reds and browns -- it's all a feast for the eyes -- more so than most Vegas hotel/casinos.. . Encore gets it (mostly) right from the start.  Even the parking is easy, with a large and spacious parking garage that's easy to access and lands you right at the check-in desk.  Unfortunately, the check-in line takes a minimum of 30 minutes to get through, since the desk is perpetually understaffed.  . . Our 19th-floor "resort suite" room was lovely.  Probably the most beautiful hotel room I've had the fortune of staying at.  The living room had a magnificent Strip view, which the photos don't do justice to.  The electronic shades/blinds covering the floor-to-ceiling windows and the flat-screen TV in the shower were so unnecessary (but awesome!) that I felt like I was on a Bravo reality show.  The bedding was easily the finest, thickest, plushest bedding I've encountered at a hotel -- and I say that as someone who's admittedly very fussy about that sort of thing.  The bathroom looked beautiful but had a few plumbing issues (i.e., water backing up in the shower).  These issues were never resolved but were also never serious enough to interfere with our stay.. . A tip: The Wynn/Encore hotel bathroom give you freebie bottles of the Desert Bambu bath products, which are the most delicious and heavenly products you'll encounter.  Steal them!  Take them home!  Better yet: tip a housekeeper and see if he or she will give you extra!  Desert Bambu is not available in any store, except for the in-house Wynn/Encore boutiques, where you'll be overcharged for them.. . A warning: do NOT touch the tray of temptation.  If you even displace any of the snack bar/tray items for even a few seconds, you'll be charged $8 for a couple Swedish fish.  Yes, they're on a weight sensor.  The Wynn/Encore will find every possible way to nickel-and-dime you, so I repeat -- do NOT touch the tray of temptation.. . Rooms aside, the Wynn/Encore complex is superb because you never really have to leave.  The pool is stunning, and it has a dedicated access elevator for hotel guests.  (There's even a "European pool" if you're into seeing twice as many exposed areolas than you would at the regular pool.)  The selection of restaurants is probably the best on the Strip.  (We tried the Buffet and SW Steakhouse and loved both.)   For entertainment, there's a handful of nightclubs (XS and Surrender) as well as a dayclub (Encore Beach Club).  The point is: if you get bored at Encore, there's something seriously wrong.. . With so many delicious hotel options on the Strip, it's often hard to choose.  Take it from me, though: you can't go wrong with the Encore.
Usually stay at the Wynn but figured to change it up and try the Encore.Top notch all the way.The Wynn is better for gaming but the Encore does have some nice pools.Both  properties are great. -1 star for overall value of food and drink.
The Encore is nice.  It is a step above the Wynn, but allows for easy access to it so you can easily pass back and forth between the two hotels.  The Tower Suites are nice and the view from the top floors is stunning.    Room service is good and service is excellent.
Nice place, I've never stayed here but I've gone to the clubs here and gambled here, I'd say it's one of the "nicer" hotels on the strip and for a more "rich/older" crowd. For those that don't know XS and Surrender are both inside this hotel (or at least accessible from here). . . The one downfall here is that there aren't that many places to eat, especially if you're looking to just grab a quick bite, I think there are virtually NO quick places, all are sit down and somewhat pricey. So if you're looking to grab a quick bite before clubbing make sure you do so before you get in here.
Encore is my fav hotel for the past few years and have always stayed there but after all these years AT?T cell signal still very weak in the rooms and most time just doesn't work. Would get 5 star if that is fixed.
This review is for the casino only, as I didn't stay here, but at The Wynn next door.. . It was Friday night. We were supposed to go to the Marquee nightclub to see some DJ we had tickets for, but we had gone to Tao the night before and were not in the mood.. . We went to Encore casino around 4 am. Besides all the drunk people leaving the nightclubs, the casino itself was fairly dead.. . We played slots. A cute cocktail waitress came up and asked us if we wanted a drink. Yes please! I ordered a margarita. She came back shortly with a tasty cocktail.. I tipped her, and we continued to play various machines.. . Before I was even done that drink, another  waitress came by and offered me another drink. This time I ordered a White Russian. I was running out of small bills ( which I wanted to use to tip her) so I put in 20$ in the machine. I spun once and cha- ching ! I won. I cashed right out. $70.  Got my drink, tipped the waitress and left - ahead of the game. . . We walked around the casino and hotel and took photos. It's really nice and high end like the Wynn . . Next time I am in Vegas, I'm sure I will be back.
One of the nicest hotels on the strip - extremely accomodating, and in my opinion, the rooms are better at the Encore than the Wynn (although the pool and terrace restaurant at the Wynn are better).. . Overall good hotel - didn't gamble here much, and best place to get drinks is Parasol which is in the Wynn. Now that I'm writing this review, I think the only thing that the Encore has better than the Wynn are the rooms - but that's why the Wynn is a 5 star and Encore is a 4.
One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  Especially with Encore Beach Club and XS.  Great times.. . One minor problem on my last visit, though - we asked for nonsmoking rooms but were given smoking rooms.  They were sold out and couldn't move us, and they didn't seem willing to do much else :(
GORGEOUS sexy, spacious, and modern rooms. Tight security. Kinda a pain in the butt for guests of guests to get in but, I prefer it that way. I appreciate knowing that the staff is taking some care to make sure that people who have no business being in the hotel suite area are not wandering about. The pool was a blast. We spent most of the first day gambling at the craps and blackjack tables at the european pool. The crowd was sexy, upscale, international and very friendly. Bonus the servers never let our free cocktails go empty for too long. :o) PS. they have great deals if you book in advance. We paid ~ $220 per night for the weekend! I would definitely come back!  :o)
The Encore and Wynn are the epitome of true luxury and class when it comes to gaming properties in Las Vegas; the Mandarin Oriental is the winner for the best hotel/accommodations in Vegas, but it is also non-gaming (and about double the price of the Wynn/Encore if you can't snag a deal somewhere). . . The Encore is just too perfect. It's only negative? It's so far north on the strip. Now, if you're looking for a tad more seclusion and a break from the hectic Strip, Encore is right up your alley. From start to finish, our stay here (about a year ago) was spot on. Granted this was a year ago, but we still visit Encore every trip to Vegas for gambling and to visit their absolutely phenomenal spa (read my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spa-and-salon-at-encore-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:Uh0PBBFqF7BYZIZCYvw-_w ). . They offer a spacious, semi-suite room as their most basic option. Yes, please! Luxurious bathroom and extras throughout the room. Very quiet. Amazing bed. I get sleepy just thinking about the extra soft linens!. . Amazing restaurants throughout. Botero is our family favorite (I'm reviewing that next and will also post pictures). Switch can be easily missed as it is kind of in the "back" but this is a one-of-a-kind gem of a steakhouse. The ceiling decor literally switches its designs. The food isn't too shabby, either ;) (AKA, damn delish). . . Through and through, I'm in love with the Encore. While my personal preference is the Wynn (I've won much more there, prefer the room setups, and like the overall feel of the property more), I'll be back at Encore if I can get double digit room rates.
Gorgeous and amazing! You have got to visit this place! Surrender nightclub is undeniably my favorite on the strip! I'm certainly not a clubber, but this place is beautiful and so much fun!
What can I say that hasn't been said already?  The beauty of the resort really stands out.  It is evident that there is A LOT of attention to detail.  Every member of the staff is very attentive and friendly--housekeepers, wait staff, front desk, managers, etc.  This would be impressive at any resort casino but it's particularly impressive when you consider the sheer size of the Encore.. . The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that Encore (and Wynn) seems to suffer from the same problem that all casino resorts suffer from--lines/long waits for services.  Our room wasn't ready at check in time and we called for ear plugs (Beach Club was right below our room) and it took about an hour, and two requests, for them to be brought up.  But again, the staff was friendly.. . The crowd is posh but also trendy and entitled.  Snookie/Carrie Bradshaw wannabes and d-bag guys.  Guy we met at the pool: "Dude, you gotta come to XS tonight! There's going to be this DJ who's so DOPE!!!"  But not everyone.  Our trip was 4 gay guys: 2 friends and a gay couple.  The couple held hands and occasionally kissed while walking around but we never ran in to any problems though.  The upside of it being a bit of a posh crowd is that we didn't see a lot of the peoplewearing plastic yard cups around their necks.  That's also related to the fact that it's at the north end of the Strip.  The plastic yard cup wearers seem to be more down near Harrah's and Imperial Palace.. . Encore is a great destination resort; if you wanted to, you could easily stay within the Wynn/Encore resort the entire time.  It's expensive to do that though.  There really are no inexpensive dining options in the complex.  Our cheapest meal was 2 slices of pizza and 2 Cokes for $22.  But if you just accept that it's going to be expensive, then you could spend your entire vacation there if you wanted to.. . Overall, it's on the expensive side but it's worth it.  We had a great stay!
It's a 114 degrees out, what to do?! Stay inside the Encore and Wynn all day! We never left the property; there was plenty to do. Highlights:. . Poolside: I wanted to relax outside by the pool for a couple hours but 100+ degrees in the sun does NOT appeal. I found a big part of the Wynn's pool in full shade at 4 p.m. and the perfect clime for relaxing and reading. . . Casino: I thought the games would be expensive but found plenty of games to afford: $2.50 minimum on computer roulette, 5 cents and up video poker, 25 cents and up onvideo blackjack. Oddly, the cocktail waitresses seemed scarce during our visit.. . Room: Remote control lights and drapes. Classy contemporary decor. Personal safe in the closet. Lush bedding.. . Downside: Oh for a green property in Vegas. The environmentalist in me winced at all the plastic the eateries handed out. Even when I ordered "for here," they served it in plastic. Booooo.  : (
I give it a 3.5, it's clean, the bed is comfy, did not try room service, there's only one restaurant open past 11pm (its vegas people). The staff is great, pool is great as well, the European pool (ladies can go topless) and the family pool( I think) were clean. Free wifi with the mandatory resort fee of ($25) will stay here again. The whole present your key everytime you come in gets old fast stayed here for 5 days so I was really just annoyed. I did not like the fact that the clubs (xs tryst) are not comped for guests of the hotel, you have to stand inline like everyone else though We never had to pay because we knew a guy who knew a guy and ladies were free etc but the fact that you are staying in the hotel does not help at all. It can also be family friendly. Especially in the suit side which has a completely separate entrance.
Such a nice hotel with really comfortable bed.  Couldn't get Internet to work in the room but that just meant I couldn't work while I was there (oh well:).  The pool is really nice and they bring you water while you are sitting out.  I would highly recommend it to someone, but then again I didn't pay the bill.
First place in Vegas I've ever stayed.  I wasn't blown away because I had nothing to compare it to, but everyone was telling me how nice and etc. it was.  Glass showers, marble/granite floors and counters, I have that at home, so that may be why I wasn't "wowed".  Anyways, the toilets flush like airplane toilets and the lock on the bathroom door didn't work...  Ehh, it was just a regular double queen suite to me?  Couches weren't specifically comfortable, but the beds are pretty awesome.  Guess I'm glad I didn't stay somewhere else, if Encore is the "best".  On the flip side, XS is AWESOME and I really wanna check out EBC next time.
Not sure why we haven't stayed at Encore before but stayed here this past weekend on a trip out to sin city.  . . The hotel was nice and clean and though the hotel has been open for a few years I did not see much wear and tear.  It's nice to be able to stay at a hotel that actually maintains their rooms.  The total experience was much more pleasant that my normal go to hotel of choice (Palazzo).  Encore's rooms were 100x better than what Aria offers and though I haven't stayed at Cosmo yet, I'd say Encore may be my new choice when stopping by Vegas.  What's also nice is that your room key also serves as your player's card so that I don't have to carry too many cards with me when gambling.  I haven't gambled at Wynn in a few years so naturally I've lost all my comps.  It was also nice to see a few craps tables with lower limits here along at Wynn.  Strolling back from dinner, you'll also see quite a view of the talent featured at their clubs ;-) which just an added bonus.  Will probably be back for another stay in the near future.
Still the best, still would go back, again, and again BUT they dropped some points in the customer service arena.. . A lost credit card experience and the valet experience was not that of a 5 diamond resort.  We experienced ridiculous customer relations and problem solving issues.  It was totally unacceptable.. . Yet Encore Wynn has it all: the luxury, beauty of the property, room style and comfort, food, gambling, pools, etc.  They do it the best overall.
I was really impressed with this hotel on my recent trip to Vegas for a girls weekend. The hotel itself is very impressive, the decor is amazing and so well thought out. The hotel is fairly new so doesn't have that haggard look but actually they've kept it up well. The casino is open and airy (not smokey at all) and somehow doesn't feel as claustrophobic as other casinos in Vegas. The rooms are great! Very modern with mirrors everywhere and clean lines. Remote control drapes and sheers as well as lights. We stayed in a king suite so had the benefit of a separate living room with a couch. It was nice to be able to have a pregame cocktail without having to sit on a bed. The bathroom was gorgeous, double sinks, large tub, shower with two heads and lots of nice bath products (although the shampoo and conditioner could be upgraded). I laughed when I read another reviewers comment about the toilet being too high, I felt the same way! Like a little kid with my legs dangling! The toilet is a little aggressive too when you flush, but who's complaining?? The pools are nice. They have options, you can go to the family pool or the "European" pool (bikini tops optional). You can also use pools at Wynn. The younger crowd pools are fun with pumping music and hot bodies everywhere. The family pools are more relaxing and peaceful. Both have free water and towels and plenty of servers to bring you a cocktail, although you'll pay dearly for it! I will say the pool areas are lacking good food options, all of the items on the menu are premade sandwiches and salads and didn't appeal to me. The restaurants inside the hotel are great, although again pretty pricey (what do you expect??). They all have an Asian flair but the two we ate in, Wazuzu and Wing Lei were great! The crowd is younger on the weekend and apparently XS and Tryst are two of the hottest clubs in town so be prepared to see a bunch of young girls in too short dresses and walking around barefoot after they gave in to their 6 inch platform heels (yeah I'm not bitter! LOL). Of all the hotels in Vegas I have stayed at, I would definitely go back here.
This is probably my favorite standard room in Vegas.  Big size all suites great furnishings.  Great bath.  I like the decor.  Palazzo is great but it's just too garish for me.  Staff is great.  I like that it's somewhat quiet.  Deductions for up charging everything.  But that's Vegas. Casino is also classy but stuffy.  I took my cheap fun loving behind to O'sheas.   I'm here for work and I'm not paying but if I was I would suffer a bit a pay a little less for a room more center strip.  Who sleeps much here anyway unless you are here for work like me.  I've used the pools before but not on this trip.  They are awesome and I've been happy.  Food options are too much but I can brave the heat and go to the mall that has a great food court.  I've eaten the buffet at the Wynn which is the best as far as buffets.  I just don't like them in general I would rather have one plate of great food then 10 of mediocre food.  Back to work. There's a resort fee but that's everywhere decent now except I think caesers.
One of the best hotel experiences I've had!. . Great staff. Clean lobby. Very caring. Comfy robes. Yummy room service selections (and it's 24 hours!). No fridge. :/. . Awesome view!! Comfy couches. Soft comforters. Provided bathroom toiletries. Will def stay here again but it isn't cheap... $$$$$
great vegas hotel...no real complaints....although...lol....just really big so there isn't a lot of personalized service at the get go...however if needed help and phenom service is there for the asking
First time @ Encore. Usually stay @ Bellagio. Encore's room is nicer and larger than the B's brand new rooms. Encore's location is not as good as B's but it's a nice change of venues. The hotel and service were above average. On par with B. The valet service is dismal at both places. Hard to believe that these people work on tips. Got a free buffet and thought Encore's was slightly better than B's. Poker room is also a bit friendlier than B's. However, no limit games at all here. B has all games of poker. Poker rate, though no bargain any more, makes B a betterdeal unless Encore come up with a good promotion as they did for my stay in July.
We stayed at Encore this past weekend and had an amazing time, service was outstanding from registration to the concierge. On the Encore side of things the highlight for me was definitely the European pool, its a great atmosphere and we could have stayed at the pool for days. As for the Wynn, it was equally awesome. We saw La Reve and loved it and the service at the Country Club for dinner was outstanding. Our server was Cyrus and we loved him, definitely ask to be in his section if you go there. We got a great deal on our room, the only downside is that drinks and food are very expensive every at both hotels, not just in the restaurants but at the convenience store and by the pool too.
All in all, this resort provided a very enjoyable 3-night stay for me and my girlfriend. Of course, with a place having so much to offer, there are going to be some high-lights and low-lights.. . The room: We stayed in a Panoramic Resort Room (king bed) located on the 62nd floor. It was probably the most tastefully decorated hotel room I've ever stayed in. Even though the room faced the "wrong" direction (towards the north), it still provided an amazing view. The bed in the room was the best I've ever slept on. The layout of the room is very efficient, but you won't be able to comfortably fit many more than the prescribed number of people in it (as opposed to the Palazzo). Housekeeping was extraordinary; not only keeping the room immaculate, but also finding fun and creative ways of organizing your daily aftermath of Vegas debauchery.. . The common areas: Absolutely magnificently decorated. As tacky as it sounds, attention was given to literally every inch of this hotel. Throughout our 3-night stay, we constantly caught new details of each area we passed. It is literally unlike any other place I've been and makes the Venetian/Palazzo look like a tacky mess.. . The restaurants: Ate at the Buffet, Le Cave and Tableau. The buffet is probably the best one you can get in vegas. Le Cave was very mediocre. Sunday brunch at Tableau was the best breakfast I've ever had in my life (no exaggeration). Generally, the prices were reasonable by Vegas standards.. . The pools: Most of our time was spent at the European pool, which was absolutely great. It has great decor, music, drinks, and a topless-optional policy for the female guests. There is also a quieter family-friendly pool not far away too, which provides a great chance to relax. If you only take one piece of my advice: Avoid the Beach Club like the plague.. . The clubs: It's a shame; a lot of time/money was obviously put into developing these clubs, but they are managed extremely poorly (especially regarding security). The security at the clubs are either too lax (XS) or downright fascist (Beach Club). If you want to go to either club, read my specific reviews on each in order to know what you're getting yourself into.. . Le Reve: On this trip, I saw Ka, Crazy Horse, Love and Le Reve. Of the four shows, this one was #3 (Crazy Horse being the best, Love being the worst). The acrobatics were impressive, albeit repetitive, but the story is very simple and, at the same time, hard to follow. It wasn't a bad show, but not worthy of its high price-tag, in my opinion.. . This resort is truly a gem. However, you'll need to research each part of the resort that you plan to visit, as there is a surprising lack of consistency from one place to the next.
The Encore comes in as Wynn's younger, hipper little sister.  . . Its definitely more modern than the Wynn, but with all the upscale amenities that you would expect from a Wynn property.  . . Great water pressure in the showers, comfy beds (from what little I slept) and nice views of the strip or golf course.  I recommend getting higher floors to escape the pulsating beats of the clubs below.  . . The reason for only 4 stars is the lacking customer service.  I don't know about you, but when I go places I expect killer customer service, maybe because I'm in the service industry myself, but NO should never be in your vocabulary when dealing with clientile. . . We unfortunately lost some stuff and getting it back was a nightmare and hoop jumping, run arounds and the like were enough to get my blood boiling.
If it is your first visit to Vegas and you are looking for a typical crazy Vegas experience, you might want to stay somewhere more centrally located on the strip. Although, I may need to take that statement back after the whole Prince Harry fiasco at the Wynn a couple weekends back. This may, actually, now be THE place to stay for a crazy, messy Vegas weekend.. . In all seriousness,  I loved the Encore because it was slightly off the strip, a bit away from all the action, and I had been to Vegas a million times and just didn't need THAT.  You could obviously still stay here and cab it over to the center of the strip to go out, but if you are trying to avoid that, this is a great place to do it.. . The rooms are beautiful and spacious but do not be fooled by the word "suite".  We had a "suite" at the Encore and a "room" at the Wynn and the two were pretty much the same, although the room at the Wynn was definitely less expensive.  The bathroom is my dream bathroom. Seriously, one day I want to build a bathroom in my house mirrored after it.  There is a large tub and shower with two sinks and a vanity, and a TV on the wall so you can watch TV while getting dressed.  The toilet is separated within the same room, so you could have someone in the toilet while someone else is doing their makeup.. . The pool is the best on the strip, especially the European Pool which is 21+. It is a topless pool, but about .005% of the women are actually topless.. . Super classy hotel.. . I agree with others that say that it is nicer than the Bellagio, but I gave both equal stars because the Bellagio has that killer location in the center of the strip.
I LOVE BUTTERFLIES!!  The whole hotel is decorated in butterflies it's beautiful! I've eaten at Sinatra and it was excellent. If you are looking for a crazy pool party with top talent DJ's this is the place to stay and play. Just make sure you pay in cash at the bar they charged my card at the bar for a bunch of mysterious charges I had to fight later. It's  a great place to visit in Vegas but just beware!
This hotel is as high class as you can get in Vegas. Some of the best restaurants and some of the best night clubs in the world are in this hotel. You will not find families with all their kids here, this hotel is for the singles, couples, and married without children folks. XS and Surrender and Encore Beach Club are the night/day clubs here and if you have ever been to any of them you know that they have some of the best parties in Vegas. The amenities at Encore are outstanding, the suites are large and spacious, and the view from the rooms are breathtaking. . However, the reason I knocked off one star is because I had reserved a double queen suite for Memorial Day Weekend at least two months in advance, but when I got there to check in they told me they gave my room away and it was "first come first serve". You can just imagine how pissed off I was. I'm not paying $400 per night to argue with the hotel front desk about what I reserved and what they think I reserved. I even showed them the email confirmation that showed I reserved a double queen suite(the regular single queen suite is almost half the size of a double queen suite and costs just $50 less). The girl at the front desk as well as her manager refused to acknowledge that the single queen suite was $50 less and played dumb. After some arguing, I finally convinced them to knock off the $50 per night. At that point it was all about principal. If you are gonna give away my room that I reserved 2 months in advance the least you can do is give me the correct price of the smaller room. For a five star hotel, the front desk employees should be able to recite the pricing on the website from memory. The next day a double queen suite opened up and we moved to the new room. Other than that misunderstanding(it was the busiest weekend of the year), the hotel is top notch and I would probably stay there again just because it is one of the three nicest hotels in Vegas hands down.
My current favorite hotel in Vegas!  Which makes sense because my favorite hotel previously was the Wynn and Encore is a newer, updated version of it!!!  Maybe because it reminds me of the hotel we stayed at in Paris (Hotel Keppler) but it reads more Boutique Hotel than typical Vegas Strip Hotel.  . . First of all - guest rooms are right off the lobby entrance, so you don't have to walk 5 miles to get to your room after dropping your car off with the valet.  Ask for a high floor, near the elevator, strip view room and you won't be disappointed.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Az_60nNuh1FH8Ds8oasZjw?select=yhGbLaMTyzlksX0JZtJgdg#yhGbLaMTyzlksX0JZtJgdg. . Free wifi...pools are beautiful...casino isn't crowded and uber smokey and tables have reasonable limits.  I will admit that I've slept in a more comfortable bed (Aria) and had a bigger and better bathroom w/soaking tub (Trump), but for overall ambience, great dining, and a relaxing room to return to after some shopping or gambling this is it!!!. . Guaranteed to be back!!!
Very good service, outstanding rooms. I was there on business, not pleasure...i promise. I cant speak for the restaurants, entertaining, or pool, just the rooms (for one night). In my opinion, these rooms are better than at the Four Seasons, and half the price.
This is my first Vegas trip, and this hotel makes me feel like i'm a potato farmer. We're from Pittsburgh, and we aren't used to how opulent this hotel is. . . If i had to use one word to sum up this hotel i'd probably use extravagant. There is a plethora of upscale shopping stores like Dior, Coach, and all those other stores that most people just pass right by.  Your wife will love this section of the hotel, so avoid it at all costs.  Odds are, you'll already lose enough at the tables.. . Just like the other hotels in vegas, drinks and food are expensive.  Ten dollar mixed drinks, and those are the cheap ones.  But i shouldn't have expected any less.  At least the waitresses have unbelievably short dresses.   Sorry girls, you're boyfriend is gonna look. Every time. . . The rooms are very nice.  We have a wrap around couch in our room, and all of the lights have dimmer switches.  Even the curtains have buttons to open and close them!  Makes me feel like Burt Reynolds, or something. . . If you have a budget don't come here.  But if you wanna make the most of your Vegas trip then book a room today.. . And stop by the circus circus to laugh at how terrible it is.
My boyfriend and I were treated to a Las Vegas graduation trip by his parents. They love the encore and we were given a choice of the Wynn or Encore. The encore rooms looked more aesthetically pleasing so the encore it was.. . Room: I really enjoy how theres a wall dividing the living area and the couch area. Its like you have a really cozy suite as compared to Caesars where its one gigantic room that needs more furniture or the Palazzo where you have a "suite" but no room dividers. 2. The couch is incredibly comfortable. I could sleep on that thing. 3. They have a light/drape control on your nightstand that turns on/off the lamps/ceiling lights in the foyer, living area and suite. The lamps also have their own on/off button so you can really decide to your preference how bright you want your room to be. Note: gotta hold it till it turns all the way on or off. 4. The television swivels so you can watch on the couch or in bed. 5. Privacy button is also on the nightstand control so you dont have to get out of bed to prevent the maid from coming in. 6. Room is probably decorated the best out of all the hotels ive been in so far. Very modern and comfortable. 7. Television comes with a channel guide on the television telling you whats on and also a little paper one telling you which channels are which #.. Bathroom: Shower has an extra showerhead you can pull out. Theres one normal overhead and one you can control. Convenient for rinsing off after a bath or from the pool. 2. Middle of the sink is a makeup mirror and astool underneath. Its a space saving way for them to have a vanity. Extremely convenient. I love it when they have vanities in the room. 3. Bathroom amenities include: the usual lotion, shampoo, conditioner, hand/face soap, bath soap, shower cap, qtips along with the not as usual shower gel, shoe polish/buffer, nail filer, round makeup applicator pads. 4. I forgot makeup remover so i just used those and rubbed some face soap on it and it worked like a charm. 5. Television in bathroom can be viewed very well from the shower and also from the tub. 6. Bathrobes provided. I wasnt that fond of them. Theyre like silk or something on the outside and towel on the inside making them hard to put on. My arm would get constantly stuck in the sleeve.
Now this hotel has swag!  The suite was spacious, well appointed and clean, very clean!  The bathroom was huge, very sleek and modern.  What I loved the most about the room was the bedside remote that could control the lights, the blinds and privacy settings, which displays your preference for maid service on the outside of the door.  I loved that feature!  I need that at my house.  "Lights on, lights off, shades down, shades up", all from my bed!  The only downside of this hotel is the location at the northern end of the strip.  Overall, my experience at Encore was lovely.
Hubs and I stayed at Encore for my 30th birthday. We got an insane deal through Southwest airlines - and after dealing with Southwest (never again I swear) we were ready for some posh accommodations and some quiet.. . Well, Encore is the party hotel version of the Wynn. The crowd is younger and expect lots of bachelorette/bachelor party groups. Seriously, as we turned the corner to head down the hallway to our room, a group of drunk girls were racing each other down the hallway - screaming and giggling and falling down...We had a bachelor party next door...yay us. Luckily we really weren't in the room much and were drunk enough to pass out without being too bothered by the ruckus.  . . The service is outstanding - every detail of the hospitality side is immaculate. . . We stayed in a base-level room on the 25th floor, facing the strip - lovely views. The room was nice but one MAJOR gripe about the design.. . The bathroom is nice with a large, heavy door separating it from the hallway. However, the bathtub has a paper thin sliding door next to it that opens into the bedroom. Sexy, yes...unless someone needs to go number two. You can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in that bathroom. The echo off the marble floors and walls (and no fan to cover sounds or remove smells) makes it all the way to the sitting area. You'll be tempted to send your partner off with a twenty dollar bill to have some privacy!. . Our favorite thing about staying here was the European pool. No chargeand no kids! :). . Otherwise, we were treated very well here and were happy to get to experience the legendary accommodations of a Wynn hotel.
What an amazing couple of days!!. . We were given a promotional stay at the Encore for $110 a night (mid-week) and it included 2 tickets to Le Reve and a Buffet Breakfast or Lunch.. . For the price we paid the stay was amazing.  Just for signing up for their red card (5 years ago) we have been given promotional stays once a year.  It's totally worth it for a couple who need to get away for a couple of days.. . Also, going to Vegas mid-week is the way to go if you want to avoid the following:. Traffic. Crazy Young people . Drunkards. etc.... . The room was immaculate and spacious, through the promotion we ended up with a king suite which had a gorgeous view at the 32nd floor.  It had all the amenities including free wi-fi (big plus).. . We also had a massage in the Spa, and WOW!!  rated best spa in the world 2012 in Forbes travel magazine, and you can see why.  With beauty at every corner and the smell of lavender throughout the spa, it is completely welcoming and extravagant all in one.  Although, the treatments aren't cheap the massage was amazing, by far the best massage I've ever gotten.. . I don't recommend eating at the Wynn or Encore because it is just ridicoulsly priced.  That's why I didn't give it a 5 star rating.  There really wasn't anywhere cheap or quick to eat at.  We ended up paying $100 for a late night meal consisting of 1 hamburger and a penne dish with one tea and one beer.  So get your eats elsewhere.. . But all in all really enjoyed our stay and
My wife and I came here for our Anniversary.  We wanted to live it up for once at Las Vegas vs. saving money and staying off the strip.  So we tried it and we're happy we did.  It's right off the strip so the location is perfect.  But it's at the end of the strip and it takes forever to reach the strip - No escalators like Bellagio.  There's a lot of wasted space which caused my feet to be sore just from walking around Encore and Wynn.  As you can expect with a 5 star hotel, everything is ridiculously over priced.  They badly need more waiters/service staff there for the amount of guests.  We did enjoy all the pools and the fresh scent within the property.  The rooms were excellent with a living room area separate from the bedroom.  The view was phenomenal.  I would stay there again if I won the lottery or received a large inheritance.
Best of the best. Only con is the abysmal valet service which is the case in  all the 5 star hotels  I've been in.
My husband and I wanted a weekend getaway from L.A. and since we haven't gone to Vegas in probably about 3 years, we were itching to go.  Our first thought was to stay at the Aria since we had a great experience there but decided on Encore instead.  So very, very glad we did.. . From check in, we were greeted with the most hospitable staff.  We stayed on the 37th floor which offered a fantastic view of the strip.  The room was comfortable and the bed even more so.  I was so happy with our stay that if it was not for the upcoming work week, I most likely would have requested another night or so.  I was in search of something that may need improvement and only found one: we had 2 bathrobes which we took advantage of.  I thought it was absolutely soft and smooth while my husband DISLIKED (and I mean disliked it).  Which made me wonder what planet he was from?  After inspection, the interior of the robe he was wearing felt like sandpaper.  I'm guessing they may have ran it into a dryer when it wasn't suppose to.  Anyhow, this was the only downside.
Hmm where to start? . I really like the hotel/casino but can't stand the walk back and forth to the Wynn for additional/better food options. . The rooms are okay nothing special compared to other decent rooms on the strip (like even at Trump). A few things annoyingly stuck out - the towels were horrible and the TV in the bathroom did not belong hidden behind a frame that didn't fit. Other than that the service was really good - I didn't know that these hotels have something like a 15 minute window to fulfill various room requests. I had view of the strip which was really nice as well.
Gorgeous hotel and the room are HUGE.  We came xmas eve/xmas day on a special.  My partner got a letter with a great offer. 299.00 for 2 nights, 2 tickets to Le Reve( premium seating), and 2 buffets( breakfast or lunch).  When I booked, I asked if the special was available during xmas and was told Yes.  I was happy to see a 96.00 food credit because we were charged 50.00 for xmas eve dinner.  . . I don't agree with the resort fee since we didn't partake in anything else except for the internet.  I would have just rather paid the internet fee.  . . I had a small issue with not having our room cleaned, but everything else was good..   My partner was thrilled that her name showed up on the tv screen. We did have an issue with the a/c.  we turned it to 65, but it barely cooled the bedroom party of the suite.  We both slept nakey, because we were so hot.
Encore is pretty much a new extension of the Wynn.  That being said the suites at Encore are appointed in what I would call art deco and have a more modern feel. Other than that everything is the same as the Wynn. Once again if you dont find a good deal it is pricey to stay here.
Came here for Halloween and it was pretty fun. Hotel is legit, checkin/out was a breeze and got a great view of the Strip. . . Got a free buffet and access to Tryst so can't complain. The hotel overall was one of the best I've stayed at and I will most def head back here again.. . Only downsize is that they charge a 'resort fee' of $25 per person for free wifi access and other amenities. This is pretty normal at high end hotels but uhhh I can't get ANY access AT ALL!!. . Total waste but I was never in the room enough to care for the exception of morning and I was looking for a good lunch spot (can't do that here, thank god for smartphones).. . Def look for deals before booking, theres always a deal for Encore.
My finace's parents got a free room here and it was beautiful. Modern looking, very clean, great built in tech, and most importantly a very comfortable bed. I wish I could've spent my visit to Vegas there. . . As far as the rest of the casino goes, it was extremely quite and empty. Not what I was expecting for a long holiday weekend. Maybe it's because it was further down the strip, but I really would have thought it would have been much louder and full.
I stayed at Encore for 3 nights. Overall, it was a pleasant experience. . . Pros: . 1. It was a beautiful hotel with a lot of reds and butterflies. The room just looked as modern as you could imagine. The room was large and clean. Even the bathroom had a TV in it. :) One interesting part was that all the food/water provided in the room were placed on some sort of sensor: if the item was lifted for more than 60 seconds then you would be charged. . . 2. Since the hotel's newer than the others in the strip or they had better air conditioning, the casino in the lobby did not smell as bad as other hotels if you know what I meant. i personally value this a lot coz I physically would feel terrible if the casino smell's bad.. . 3. Encore is connected with Wynn and they have a lot of amazing restaurants and bars to try!. . Cons:. 1. I originally ordered a king-bed room on non-smoking floor but when we checked in, we were told the only king-bed room left was on a smoking floor. I did not want to risk it so I ended up with a double queen beds room. As we were told, the hotel room was not guaranteed even though we already paid for it. :(. . 2. Well, so I ended up with the double queen beds room, and unfortunately, the TV in the room was broken. I called the front desk around 10 pm to get it fixed, but after 30 minutes, I was told that they had a lot of requests and could not come to my room to fix it soon. Ok, I accepted the fact that I had to wait until the next day. BUT, around 2:45 am when I was asleep, the front desk called and asked if they could come over to fix TV! Come on, it's 2:45am! Did I really sleep so much earlier than the others!? Anyway, after that, they didn't call anymore and the TV remained broken until I left the hotel.
This was my first time staying at this Hotel and it was simply amazing, loved the room and the stores and restaurants and the place itself overall was amazing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great spot, looking forward to visiting it again.
We just got back from Encore today.  It's the twin property there next to the Wynn.  I got a mailer that gave us a nice package deal for about 1/2 price.   Not sure why were were on Wynn's list... but thanks Steve !    I would give Encore a 5 star...but I truly hate the decor in the Casino and main hotel area.   The over the top RED lamps and  light fixtures and other RED gaudy decorations truly made me laugh.   Sorry, but they really look cartoon silly.   Besides that Encore is GREAT.  The suite room was truly a treat.  It felt like a home with comfy couch and desk/office space.  The gym was great... worked out twice.  The Buffet at the Encore/Wynn is top notch ....  Overall a great great hotel.   We NEVER left the Encore / Wynn.... it has everything you need ....but.....I would actually stay at the Wynn next door if I had to choose.
Got a deal for Encore where it was 20% off room rates (ended up averaging less than $200 a night) and an upgrade was available to one of their king room suites, which also included 2 free passes to the buffet.  The suite was really nice and spacious with a separate shower and tub, and a TV in the restroom which made it nice to not miss the Oscars while I was showering :)  The casino was very clean, nice and spacious and airy (not suffocating cigarette smells) with lots of selections for fun slot machines (my favorites are Wheel of Fortune and Monopoly!).  Got a view of the northern part of the strip facing Circus Circus which isn't that great of a view but you get really large windows with lots of light coming into the room.  . . You are not as close to the action in the center of the strip but I didn't really mind since you were able to walk through the Wynn and the Venetian pretty much indoors most of the time.  I think overall I would definitely come back and stay here or at the Wynn because the buffet is AWESOME!  Probably one of the best I've had - we opted to do the breakfast buffet and it was $20/pp.  Not only was there a wide selection (which included a huge dessert bar where you can even make your own ice cream sandwiches) but the quality was up to par which is something you normally don't expect of a buffet.  . . Overall a very nice experience staying here and will definitely be back.
One of the nicer hotels on the strip. The front desk attendant was very welcoming.  The panorama suite is pretty amazing with views of the red rock mountains to a good chunk of the strip and the plain old airport, as well as a tiny piece of the wynn golf course.. . Will come again soon.
the room was tres nice, although it only had one bed and no fold out. i guess these rich people dont pack 982390483 to a room- although i reckon most asians will agree that thats just NOT economical!. . the floor to ceiling windows and drapes were breathtaking, as was our view. it was also fun to literally open and close em with the click of a button! neffy and i had fun doing that. the bathroom was lovely. nice water pressure. service was impeccable. all in all, a wonderful experience. . . although fiance states that the red, dripping chandeliers downstairs remind him of a scary movie.
Extremely nice hotel with extremely nice staff.  The hotel itself is much quieter and not as chaotic as some of the other hotels on the strip even though it houses one of the best nightclubs in Vegas, XS.  Probably because it's on the far end of the strip away from a lot of the crazyness.. . We stayed in a resort suite and it was perfect.  It was like staying in a posh little apartment.. very homey and a great view of the pool and part of the strip.  They offered an upgrade for $20 more per night to a panoramic suite but who wants a quiet view of the mountains?!?  I don't know about calling that an upgrade, but to each his own.  The room had a rotating tv so you could watch from the bed or living area.  Everything is electronically controlled, including a doorbell!  No having to hang privacy signs here.. . The scale and fancy makeup mirror in our bathroom were broken but they replaced both in a jiffy and then called about 5 times to make sure everything was okay afterwards.  We also told them there was no shampoo in our room and they brought up cute little bags full of amenities.  Very nice!. . We ate at a couple of the restaurants in the hotel and they were okay.  The downside is there are no quick/casual eats here, only sit down restaurants.  . . My only other complaint is the $25 per day resort fee.  I know every hotel has a resort fee, but it was such a waste because we didn't use the pool or gym during our stay and the wireless internet was spotty and didn't work the majority of the time.. . Despite some drawbacks, this is one of my favorite hotels on the strip.
This and the Wynn are my husbands favorite hotels.. They are simply gorgeous in design, immaculate in service, decor, even the air smells expensive.. You will find minimal riff raff here, but isn't that part of the Vegas charm?. No, well then stay here for a luxurious pampering, great shopping, fine dining.. If not, leave your 100 oz plastic cup outside and have a glimpse of what you could be doing instead of puking margarita slushies in the bushes out front.
Hubby and I had such a great time at Vegas, and this hotel was great! Service was with a smile from everyone (bell hop, to registration, to room service) - everyone was helpful! We were given a strip view for no extra charge, and the room was immaculate! . . I gave 4 stars because of its proximity on the strip, but it is still an awesome hotel nonetheless. Next time, I'd like to stay at the Wynn so I can compare between the sister hotels!
I've stayed in both the Wynn and Encore - both have their merits and are top class hotels - it all depends on what you want from your trip to Vegas.. . My most recent visit was at the Encore - I liked that the rooms are more spacious (bedroom with separate sitting area), and overall the hotel is quieter - you don't have to walk all the way through a smoky casino to get to the guest elevators. The pool is also a bit smaller and quieter compared to the Wynn's - I could actually find some shade without having to "rent" it as you do at the Wynn! . . There are fantastic restaurants and clubs throughout the resort, attentive staff, walking distance to Fashion Show Mall, etc.. . Why not 5 Stars? I really feel that a 5-Star resort should not charge you daily resort and Internetusage fees - this should be incorporated into the price of your room when paying $200+ a night.  . . My other comments for improvement: I was staying here for a company retreat. Most people arrived on Thursday morning/early afternoon, and our first event started at 4pm. Given the number of attendees, I felt that as a courtesy to our company the hotel should have ensured our rooms were ready first. The event also included a formal gala, and the staff did not seem equipped to have my gown steamed, nor were the willing to extend themselves to help me out. Thankfully I was able to take it to Nordstrom across the street - they had it done in less than an hour...and for free since I purchased it from them!
Love this place!
Stayed with my husband at the Encore for 4 nights.. . We stayed in a regular King room on the 56th floor.  We asked for a quiet room and were offered the high floor for an extra $25/night.. . The room looked just like it does on the internet, but it felt a little tight to me.  Also, like other posters, we had A/C issues having to drop the thermostat to 60 degrees just to get it even relatively cool in there.. . The bed was not that comfortable.  My bed at home blows it away.. . But everything else was really nice.  Loved the service, loved the 5-minute walk to the bigger, smokier, more crowded Wynn--why you would stay there over Encore I don't know.  Loved being away from pornslappers and crowds but still in proximity to nice hotels and things to do.  Our room was quiet, and I loved the big swanky bathroom and comfy robes.  In-room Wi-Fi covered under resort fee was fast and worked well, although you do have to re-sign in every day.. . Used the Encore spa and it was heaven. Hubby liked the fitness center. Spent a day at the European pool which was lively but not a party pool, it was just right.  You do have to get there early though to have any chance at shade or even a chair for that matter.  The pools get crowded quick and stay that way.. . I agree with the poster who said the hotel needs a nice lounge to have a drink.  The Lobby Bar and Cafe is about the closest thing.  But Parasol Up/Down at the Wynn is nice.  Hubby hates dueling pianos so sadly we never went to the Eastside Lounge.. . We went to Wynn or other hotels for all dining and drinking but it was nice to come back to Encore.  If it wasn't for the crowds and noise at XS and the Beach Club it would be nearly perfect.. . The negatives that keep it from 5-stars are the bed, the AC, the resort fee (ridiculous) and on top of that, the $25 upsell just to avoid the noise from the clubs.
What a night and day difference between some of the other hotels in Las Vegas.  Stayed here a while back and received not only room upgrades, but also free Le Reve tickets.  AWESOME.. . Encore's got its own tower, casino, and restaurant, but they are all connected to the Wynn.  If you like buffet, you will have to walk over to the Wynn since Encore does not have one.. . The casino and other facilities are very new and clean.  Makes me feel very welcome.. . The rooms are kept very new, clean, and all the amenities are also in good conditions.  We were pretty high up, forget which floor, so noise was not an issue.. . My only compliant is that it is located at the north end of the strip, a little far but not too terrible.. . My TIP to you, did you know that although Wynn/Encore is advertised as the only 5 star/5 diamond hotel on the Strip, only certain rooms qualifies this rating.  I was told by the front desk when I was asking about upgrades.  So just because you have a room there, doesn't mean that you have a 5 star/5 diamond room.  Something to keep in mind.
Great facility, loved the spa, excellent restaurants, nice pools. Room was ok, could be better. $25 just to use the fridge in the room. Bathroom wasn't that great. All staff interactions were pleasant.
Nice place to stay, the older hotel/casinos pale in comparison.  We weren't bombarded with slots as soon as we walked in. Sorry to sound like a snob, but the here crowd is a couple of notches above those at e.g. Circus Circus or Imperial Palace.. We don't like being lied to or jerked around, which is what happened. We requested a room on the same floor as our friends who arrived the day before, "Nothing is available at this time," we were told. We asked that they try and in the mean time we'd camp out with our friends. An hour later - nothing. After waiting longer, our friend pulled rank and got us a room not only on the same floor, but next door - it had been vacant the whole time!. We were in a suite, nice view of not much to the north. Loved the remote control drapes and lamps. Being charged for use of the refrigerator is a cheap shot. Our mattress was lumpy. Housekeeping was impeccable. We left a lot of money on the tables - the dining room tables! There's no bargains eating or drinking. Come on, two drink minimum at the piano bar! They must be dreaming; the music isn't that good (and the drinks ain't cheap)! But all the meals around the complex were perfect.. When using a taxi, do NOT us the name "Wynn" for chance of being taken to the hotel next door - just say "Encore." Speaking of being taken by the taxis, watch out for "Do you want to take the quick route or the scenic route?" or "The traffic on the Strip is horrible, shall I take the highway?" Either or variations are a ploy to put more mile$ on the meter. BTW: it is $3 to use a credit card in a taxi; and it is less than $20 from the airport to the Encore.. Bottom line: we'd stay again.
Very classy, very nice.
Encore is, without a speck of doubt, a great hotel. The hotel lobby is majestic, the casino clean, and the visitors classy. The place is an amalgam of posh luxury and keen modernism, both which balance out nicely.. . We had a room on the 58th floor with a panoramic view of Wynn, the golf course, and the strip. Loved the floor-to-ceiling windows. The room itself has a nice decor to it - with a hint of minimalism. And of course, the bathroom was huge.. . Unfortunately, a few things hold the hotel back from reaching its 5-star potential:. . - Nightclub noise: My biggest gripe. We stayed here from Sunday to Tuesday - the first two days, the booming bass from the nightclub music revebrated so loudly - till 2AM, no less. And to think that this was while I was on the 58th floor... I just felt terrible for the lower floors. If you're a sensitive sleeper, be wary.. . - Resort fee: So they charge a$15 resort fee a night... yet Wifi & fitness center fees are additional charge. What?. . - Personal refrigerator: They stocked up the mini fridge with their own drinks and charge you if you remove them. Oh, but they'll rent you a personal one... for $25 a night.. . All these marketing schemes are minor annoyances and shouldn't be happening at a hotel of this caliber.. . But anyways, Encore was a pleasant stay overall. I'd recommend it to those who don't want to be a bit off to the end of the Strip and avoid the massive crowds, while indulging in luxury.
being a "sister" hotel to wynn, it's definitely the younger and evil one.  the rooms are modern decorated suites.  i feel same size to the wynn rms but it's split in half by tv (unfortunately does not swivel) to create the living room.  the rest of the hotel is identical and connected to the wynn-carpet, chandeliers, wall paper......red...red...and more red...good thing they added red butterflies and flowers to tone down the red.  i heard it's because it's "feng shui" for the hotel.  unfortunately, meaning the design is to attract you and for them to win more of your money.. . funny fyi - there is a sign when you enter from the parking lot that strollers are not welcomed and should be left in your car.  the reason is because the hotel doesn't want to be family friendly and kiddos in the atmosphere.
Staying at the Encore was very comfortable.  We upgraded our room to a panoramic view when we checked in for an extra charge.  The view during the day was nothing to rave about but it's a different story in the evening, which the night view was magnificent.  There's a divider in the room between the bed and the living room.  The decor is beautiful.  Awesome!  There's a control panel next to the bed to operate the window curtains.  There is a refrigerator in the room but it was full of snacks to purchase.  It would've been great if there was a refrigerator for us to use in the room instead.   The bathroom is very nice.  . . We ate at the buffet during lunch at the Wynn and the food was not that great, the service was terrible and I did not like the dining area where we dined at.  Don't know if we should go back to the buffet again on our next trip to Vegas.  . . I actually want to give a rating of "excellent" for the Encore resort room because of the comfort, cleanliness and the beautiful decor, but my rating is four stars because we cannot use the refrigerator, the agent who checked us into the resort was not friendly and helpful, and the buffet at the Wynn was disappointing. . . Overall, we would love to stay at the Encore again.
im always down.
I have stayed at most of the Vegas hotels by now, and this one is high on my list.  If you get a deal (I got $137 per night midweek summer) it is a lot of bang for your buck.  There is a $25 resort fee but I believe I only paid this once if I read the bill right (I was there two nights).  For the room, itself, I would place it in a rank not quite as high as the Venetian and a little higher than the Bellagio.  I enjoy the buffet at this hotel quite a lot, so that is convenient.  The room has a lot of niceties like the by-the-bed control panel, lots of drawers, a desk that two people can use, a nice deep tub, a separate large shower with a place to sit/elevate a foot,  a large sofa with a chaise lounge, and very nice bedding.  The pillows are large but I liked them.  There were nice huge ones to lean against while watching TV.  You could push a button by the door that would activate a request for service light if you stagger out after noon when they do their first round of cleaning.  There was also a scale in the bathroom (don't use this after the buffet) and a setting for night lighting in the bathroom so you don't have to blast yourself with fluorescent lights or stumble through the dark for late night bathroom use.  On the negative, I was irritated that I had to leave my room for coffee ... that was decidedly crappy for such a nice hotel ... we thought next time we'd have to bring our own instant coffee with hot tap water for caffeine emergencies.  There is also no refer (it said you could get one from housekeeping ... not sure if they charge ... we used the ice bucket).  The snacks are ludicrously priced even for a nice hotel ... seriously ... $8 for a little container of gummy fish?  Don't touch anything in the refer or it auto-charges you $25.  The bed is a little soft for my taste but not uncomfortable.  Stay above the 30th floor and get a room facing the strip. Looking south you have an amazing view.  They offered me this automatically on check-in but we were there off-peak time.
Where to start?! Came here on a Saturday stayed till Monday. Check in was great our plane landed at around 8 so we came early and asked if they had any rooms available and they checked us in right away, no early check in charge. . . Rooms are great! Very modern and they had an amazing bathroom.. Only bad side is its at the end of the strip and is far from everything else.you only have the mall that's across the street and its close to treasure island other than that you have to either walk a lot or take a car to visit other hotels and casinos on the strip.
I went to the Encore Hotel for the very first time and i will return again next year. The hotel is beautiful and the staff is very helpful and completely professional. My room was very clean and a huge bathroom for the junior suite ,The bed was very comfortable and the little livingroom area also comfortable. The pool area is very nice and the staff there was also very good. Now get ready to bring some money at the pool. A Pina Colida in a 12 ounce cup, $16.00 dollars YIKES!!!! I only had one. The gift store is another area to stay away from. Bottle of a regular Chardonney wine $62.00 dollars DOUBLE YIKES!!! All i did was walk down 3 blockes on las vegas Blvd to the Liquor stors and get the same bottle for $15.00, Problem solved. I would have given this fine hotel 5 stars but the food prices and gift store prices are way too high. I would difinitely reckomend this hotel to anyone. I had a wonderful vacation at the Encore Hotel
Yikes!  My favorite hotel on the strip has finally shown its sub-superhuman side.  (Although likely still in the top 3 hotels on thestrip.) . . This is my 5th stay at this hotel in the 5 years it has been open, and the fist time I walked out wanting more and somewhat unsatisfied. . . Attn: Steve Wynn - you have done a fantastic job in making this one of the most decorated and award winning hotels on the planet - don't let your 5 star rating slip away. . . 1.  Replace the mattresses immediately!   Our "dreambed" wasn't so dreamy and left me with an ache in my back in the morning.  . . 2.  Go to your Wynn HomeStore and grab a few of those $250 sheets off the shelf and replace the bedding in the Encore rooms.  The crisp white linens aren't so crisp and white any more.  I hope they are washed after each stay.  Are they? . . 3. Don't charge guests extra for a North "strip" view.   This is deceiving to your guests because it isn't a view of the strip as guests would expect ---- charge us more for a piece of crap view of the recession-halted and incomplete construction of the fountain blue, circus circus, some empty desert,  and who knows what else.   I feel like you should credit us for these crappy view rooms!  What a rip off.  In fact this may be a deal kill for next time.  . . . Those three huge negatives aired, I will price this hotel against the other 5-stars on the strip next time.  If it is still the highest price, I may indeed try another property just to see what I am missing. I might feel like I am cheating on the Encore but hey, Im paying for 5-star I EXPECT 5-star !!!!!
Elegant, clean, pampered, secured pool, expensive and long check in lines but even the cheaper rooms with a partially blocked view of the Wynn (and club noise) still looks and feels like luxary. . . Btw, Nguyen is pronounced New+Ehn and NOT Wynn nor Shar+Day.The Vietnamese language has only has one syllable words, combined with heavy accents makes it sound like new+in. Thus misinterprited as win (wrong). Just say NO to Pho, dodo! . . Moreover, it's catered to A younger crowd with the beach club, then the Wynn is with an extravegant lobby mall and golf course. The beach club is nice but low woo girl to male ratio. Keep your hands off the mini bar. An floor upgrade for the view isn't worth it but for noise maybe.
Such a pretty hotel!. . We stayed in a suite and got upgraded to a higher floor.  The only problem is it came with one bed so we had people sleeping on the couch and floor...it would've made for a better room if you just had your SO with you!  Anyways, the bathroom was nice (although the scale was strange...it said my friend and I were 350+ pounds...) with a shower and bathtub, the view was great and the bed was comfy.. . Oh, I also went to the pool (the dayclub was too pricey) and had fun tanning in the water while it was 102 degrees outside!
Very Nice Hotel.. . My favorite part was when I walked through the first floor area and didn't smell/reek of smoke. Thank God, it is possible right? to have a casino and be ventilated enough to not smell like disgusting Cigarettes after the fact.. . That being said, the bed was very comfortable, the place was clean, the bathroom was nice, the staff were nice, the view was quite nice (we stayed on fl 56) and all around I would definitely come here again. . Dayclub was overpriced, so I passed on that. The bathroom scale was wonky. Other then that, would definitely come here again.
The Service at Encore is as Great as Wynn. This hotel exhibit all the traits of the five stars hotel. The staff are extremely helpful and well mannered. The Room are a little newer than Wynn suites as well. However, there is only one con staying at Encore, which is its location. It is rather out in the middle of nowhere!! Therefore, a person who does not have a car or intending to take a cab might have to walk a long way in order to get to the destination. Other than that, Encore is nothing short of Spectacular!!!!
We took advantage of an amazing deal and really enjoyed ourselves at the Encore. . The interior is gorgeous, the smoke levels were not bad at all, the casino was fun, the restaurants were top notch and the service was great.  . . The front desk staff - both for check in and when we checked out, were really professional - polite, friendly and attentive.  They even surprised us that they remembered our special anniversary and double birthdays.  The chocolates they had sent to us were amazing.  . . The king suite room was beautiful.  We didn't hear any club noise at all, possibly because we had requested the quietest side.  . . I'd come back and stay here anytime.  . The only hesitation is that I'd come back when it's just hubby and me.  There were signs on the property that said their policy was no strollers... that kind of put me off at first since we had a kid, but then again, it's an excuse for just us to getaway.
My best girl friend and I enjoyed a very pleasant stay there earlier this summer, July 1-3 which were WEEKDAYS. The hotel has a very airy and fresh feel it - lots of natural light, no screaming children, low smoke levels. It was less crowded than Wynn. I appreciated the fact that there weren't any slot machines or gambling tables visible or audible from the lobby. It definitely has a classier feel to it compared to many of the other hotels on the strip. I have mixed feelings on the butterfly motifs, but the overall experience totally trumps that minute detail, lol. Our room was spacious, well-lit and very comfy. Housekeeping was fine, no problem at guest services, in general I had no problem with any hotel staff. Parking wasn't a problem either. My one gripe was that it was like 115-120 degrees in Vegas at the time of my stay, and we couldn't use the mini-fridge to store any beverages or food because it's weight-sensitive. Also, wifi wasn't free. But all-in-all, I had a great time, and I would definitely consider staying there again (at least on weekdays).
As the smaller, yet newer sister property of the Wynn Empire, Encore was the culmination of 2 years and 2 billion dollars after the 1 year anniversary of Wynn Las Vegas. Sharing the same, luxurious theme as its neighbor, it may share a bridge and various restaurants and such, but rest assured the Encore is very much its own property.. . A recipient of the latest AAA 5 Diamond, it joins a very small handful of hotel establishments throughout Vegas. This basically means Encore has distinction of calling itself one of the most sophisticated, scintillating hotel properties in the world. An establishment that skimps on nothing less than decadent and showcases nothing but the finest. From its sleek exterior to its posh interior, there is no doubt this is a winner for Steve Wynn.. . With 63 floors, the Encore is actually marginally taller than the Wynn and features a ton of space for casino, retail, hotel, and convention purposes. Like many of the casino resorts along the strip, there is almost plenty of options in every direction though at the Encore, there is less of a need to exit in the name of seeing, eating, and doing. They really do have it all.. . Room accommodations are impressive from lowest standard two bed room to the ultra high end, massive suites for players. Wynn has invested so much to ensure the comfort levels in every room meet the high standards that most people have for this place. Personally, it comes down to the bed for me. I've never slept better.. . The casino side isn't nearly as impressive as the Wynn. There seem to be some elements of Wynn Macau here, but on a whole the ambiance of gaming isn't for me anyways, a large selling point. Boutique casinos have a way of keeping the experience intimate for particular gamblers, but the feeling here is no different than like its Palazzo rival.. . On the nightlife front, is there a better and more celebrated club than XS? For years, my favorite spot was La Bete, which later turned into Tryst (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tryst-nightclub-las-vegas-2) but now XS takes the cake. XS alone probably brings in more visitors than any club in Vegas and amongst the younger nightlife inspired crowd, is potentially the number one reason folks end up paying Encore a visit.. . Folks looking for a different eating experience will certainly find it at Sinatra (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sinatra-las-vegas) and the same goes for the clubby yet foodie ambiance of Andrea's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas). Wazuzu (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wazuzu-las-vegas) is kind of like an overpriced Asian fusion diner, which is totally skippable in the Encore experience. I personally enjoy every meal at Society Cafe Encore (http://www.yelp.com/biz/society-cafe-encore-las-vegas-5) but that's just me. The line up of eateries may not be impressive compared to its casino counterparts, but at least the places featured are quality.. . Lastly, I think Encore would be the ultimate property if famous Vegas performer Danny Gans were still alive today. When he was set to perform at Encore as his new home 4 years ago, he was also featured on what was at the time the largest freestanding marquee in the world. Garth Brooks is certainly no slouch, but Gans and his already bustling LV fame would've been the city's top featured act.. . While I don't think Encore lives up to the same standard as its bigger sister, it is still among the best on the strip for everything it offers. There is no losing scenario when it comes to staying here - it is still worth it for its location, name, and all that it has to offer.
Clean and friendly.   Will be back next year.  Spent a couple of hours at the sauna.... So nice.  I also had my toes and fingers done.  They did a great job.
The Encore does everything right.  The beds are super comfy, the employees are extremely professional.. I did not think the Wi-Fi worked very well, it did not work every time.. The snacks in the room are tempting----but do not touch, it will cost you.  The hotel is quite expensive, but worth it.. If you want to buy cheap snacks, beer, wine, go out of the hotel and turn right and there are cheap places to buy stuff you might need.  Everything in the hotel is overpriced.. I wish there was a refrigerator to use in the room, but unfortunately it is filled with things that you can buy.
What an amazing place. If you can stay in the tower suites it's worth it. Private entrance  and easy access to everything. Staff is attentive and you never need to leave the hotel since the best clubs and restaurants are there. Love this place
We really like staying at the Encore.  It is so elegantly decorated - vibrant and serene at the same time.  You do not have to walk miles to get to your room or from one end of the casino to the other.  Parking is very convenient.  The location on the strip is great - across from the mall and near other nice casino properties.  It is only a short indoor stroll to the Wynn to have a larger casino and more restaurant selections.  The rooms are spacious and well appointed (although showing just a little wear and tear) and we never have heard noise from the hallways or from other guests.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  We loved the buffet - probably the best we have been to in Las Vegas.  . . The only reasons for 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because if you just want coffee, juice, yogurt, or a muffin in the morning the prices are high - the ventilation in the casino isn't great -  the casino seems to have tightened up on slot machine payouts - and if your room is on the Strip side you may feel or hear vibrations from the nightclub (we did one night - on the 25th floor - but we were warned about it when we checked in and chose that side of the building anyway.)  . . Overall, we definitely recommend the Encore for an above-average experience.
Ah, Steve (we're super tight, so that's what I call him) ... you have REALLY outdone yourself this time.. . You know... when you built the Bellagio, and you were asking me what I thought of the lights in the lobby, and I said, "Steve, don't you think you're going totally overboard with the Chihulli *lamp* in the darn lobby?!?!?!" "Why don't you just tone it down a notch?". . Steve listened.. . He built Encore with me in mind .. you know -- simply put ... the guy just gets me. . . Simple elegance, attention to detail .... great customer service. I felt like a princess during my entire stay.. . Why knock a star? When we arrived, glasses in the room were missing, and our ice bucket was filled with water from the previous guest, with no new bag inserted.. . Steve, you know I love you, so you know I've got to be telling you like it is.. . xoxox!
So yes, we loved this hotel, yes it is over-the-top luxury, yes the spa is the be stand yes we would stay again. So why not 5 stars, and it would be so easy to attain 5 stars:. . The good - luxury accommodations, all room and casino features to notch. High ceilings, light and airy. My wife tells me the spa is awesome. Cleaning staff to a great job. . The bad - things that should be so easy to fix:. Basically the attitude and service (or lack thereof) from any staff in positions other than those where they can reasonably expect a tip. So disappointing - and then the long long wait to check in and check out. See my pic. After spending over a $1000 on room and a couple of meals - why put me through this 20 minute long check out nightmare? Steve Wynn - please fix before we come back - this hotel so deserves 5 stars.
One of the best Hotel on the strip!!.. Very very Classy!! I love the lounge music they constantly play in the lobby and in the casino and the pool area!!.. The rooms are amazing! Very modern with amazing strip view!!.. I had a good experience with this hotel! The staff very friendly and professional!! I recommend this Hotel! You have to Pay for your own WIFI though and the hotel is on the pricy side but well worthy! . P.S. My favorite Casino on the Strip!.. Visit it! It's free! You'll see why!. Enjoy! . Bon-Voyage & Bon Appetite!
I liked the space.  Great service.  Everything is new and I can buy $4000 wallets downstairs.
