More Vegas festivities were held at Hofbrauhaus, a fine purveyor of beer, Germanium grub, and raucous entertainment. We made a reservation for eight of us the same day, and managed to snag a table with ease. Once there I realized we got the worst possible location, for me at least; it was about 5' away from the stage, band, and a large party of drunken, table-dancing idiots. . . So after a couple glasses of brew;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=34IhW9hzUkABuxD5YNtK8Q. . A couple snacks;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=OknYYAs9YJyO47jKVgMpmw. . We moved our party "outside" to the fake courtyard, where we could hear ourselves talk. The calm area was nice and had a painted ceiling to give the illusion of the outdoors. There were TVs to show the shenanigans of the belly of the beast, as well as a Jagermeister shot toting dominatrix, trading paddle driven ass smacks and shots for a few bucks. . . I wasn't expecting much from the food, but most of it was pretty good and fairly priced. All the sausages I tried were good and I ended up wishing I got a sausage platter instead of the large fried pork cutlet;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=3kbIc_2631KF0YxhUkPQfA. . All in all it was a fun time. If I went back, I would request a table as far from the stage a possible, but I'm old and don't like loud things anymore.
This is a Vegas ritual for my group.  The only reason to not go while I'm in Vegas is if I'm there with silly "let's go clubbing! woooo!" girls... because this is not the place for them.  This is the place for the cool girls who can hold their own in a group of guys, and are more than happy to give up LAX or Rain for a semi-authentic German oompah band playing covers - in German.. . It's just plain fun.  . . On a recent trip with said WOOgirls, my sadness at being kept from my beloved Hofbrauhaus overwhelmed and I had to stop in to pick up some food to take home to LA.  A few pretzels (gotta share with the hubs) and some spaetzle would do me just fine.  I got there 15 minutes before opening (couldn't find their hours online), and they unlocked the doors just for me.  Took my to-go order, churned it out quickly and with a smile.  AND they gave me extra spaetzle, just cuz they're nice like that.. . Why not 5 stars?  Well... okay.  The bill for my to-go order came to $43 after tip.  I remember this vividly because it was a money-stressing weekend, and every expenditure's exact value is burned into my retinas.  Checking mint a few days later, I saw that Hofbrauhaus had charged me $48.  Yes, it's $5, but it's shady - and makes me wonder how often this might "just happen" here?  Of course, you can't really do much about something like that, because at that point it's their word against yours... so I let it slide, and choose to not let it ruin my love of the Hofbrauhaus.  I will, however, be paying cash from this point forward.
I've been to the original Hofbrauhaus and while definitely not the same, this place is still very enjoyable. Huge HB beers, multitudes of sausage, and their wonderful sauerkraut makes me happy. The $9,95 daily lunch specials all looked good as well. Do a Jager shot and they spank you, supposedly. Its a pretty cheap cab ride from the strip and a nice getaway from the constant slot machine clingclongbeepchingdingdings.
This place is nutty.  I went with a fantastic group of people.  Unfortunately, I was DD and I could not gorge myself with one of their fantastic beers.. . I was thoroughly entertained by everything there.  From the band reminiscent of Oktoberfest, to the dominatrix lady whose job is to spank people (I assume for a living -- could you imagine?).. . I wasn't extremely happy with my meal (because I eat mounds like a monster), but like in reviews previous, it's hit or miss.  I should have gotten a burger or something, those looked fantastic.  And the fries I tried were pretty fly.. . I wish I could try it again!  I just don't live in Las Vegas.  Next time for sure!
Lot's of fun! Great, authentic German food. The atmosphere can't be beat. Lots of people, relaxed, drinking and having a great time. I would recommend it for a fun, yet not "high maintenence" night out in Vegas!
I fell in LOVE with Hofbrauhaus almost instantly. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are right back in Germany. The singing and dancing invoke even the Grinch to smile. The beer was absolutely delicious as was my entree and my friends. Immediately we realized that we found a real gem off the strip! I couldn't leave without purchasing one of the boots for my apartment. . . If you are looking for out-of-the-norm fun while in Vegas this is definitely the place to go! Some people are put-off at sharing tables, but since I have been to Europe so many times it really didn't bother me. It's a guaranteed good time at Hofbrauhaus!
Very loud in the main part of the restaurant, but a very fun atmosphere, Good food and good service. Great saurkraut and sausages and awesome potato soup!
This review is based on my experience in 2009, so please bear with me for posting it so late because I didn't use yelp until recently.. It was an awesome place for german food. My husband and I actually went for my first visit in 2009 and haven't been back yet but we always thought about this place because the food is so good. We wanna go there again when we are in the area again.
Food was great, beer was great. I left drunk and broke. Kind of pricey for the quality of service, but I guess the food makes up for it.
I love this place. Enjoy Oktoberfest and all. Germany has to offer in Vegas. . . Who doesn't like standing on your chair swinging around your beer stein and singing along to drinking songs? If that doesn't sound fun then just stay home and leave Vegas to us who enjoy life.. . Not too mention the German beer is awesome, the food is really good, and you just might get spanked with a wooden paddle. That's right, spanked.. . It's always a great time.
Um WTF is going on here, random spankings, giant beers, sausages, cleavage, loud music, a guy that looks like Dwight Schrute screaming in german kicking plates off tables with a 10 ft horn!!?? WOW how cool is this place!! The Sausage and food is good. I really like pretzels and cheese with Brie  and cream cheese mix they have. The beer is unreal and the you have to have at least a liter of something. Next time I am for sure bringing a large group and I will tackle a 2  liter Das Boot myself. The prices are probably 15-10% higher than they should be but again this is something you need to experience for sure!
Hofbrauhaus - how I love thee! You have quickly become a very necessary Vegas tradition. Now I can't even fathom the idea of starting off my annual trip to Vegas with Jenn, Annette and Kristen without your delicious pretzels and ginormous brews!. . Just think... after a long 4-5 hour drive in the sun, what could possibly be better than a very large, very cold beer and delicious carbs and wieners? NOTHING. . . This time around we just indulged in beer and a pretzel. I always go for the dark, or the dunkel, which is rich but still refreshing and thirst quenching. The pretzel comes out warm, perfectly browned on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The pretzel comes with three dipping mustards - a sweet mustard, a cheesy delish whipped mustard and regular mustard. All three are great, and I don't even like mustard. . . The atmosphere couldn't get better. Friendly and welcoming, a very large and spacious room with fun German decor. I love the pretzels and lobsters painted all over the ceiling. Weird, but it seems to work. Plus having activities like playing quarters into your steins and dancing the chicken dance just add to getting one pumped up for being in Vegas! . I'll be back soon Hofbrauhaus!
Visited: May 29th, 2011. . My friend Kerri made a reservation for 3pm for this place they day before. Ania, one of Isabel's friends suggested that we go to this place. I do believe that Isabel had taken her then boyfriend (now husband) to this place on their anniversary (as an unmarried couple late last year). I was down to try a German/Bavarian restaurant and see what foods they had to offer. Ania, Kerri (went to the Munich location), and Isabel said that this place was good. Of course, I don't know what "good" German/Bavarian food is supposed to taste like. . . We went to Hofbrauhaus after our windy and cold experience at Marquee Dayclub. It was still windy as we were walking in, but inside was nice and toasty. :) I absolutely loved the architecture in this building as well as the artwork and the long, wooden "family style" tables.  We were sat down and within a few minutes we were ready to order. Our server was pretty friendly.  I ended up ordering the Creamy Bavarian Potato Soup w/ sliced sausage and the Obazter Classic Bavarian Appetizer while everyone else ordered meat items. None of us ordered any beer, although I was pretty tempted to order a stein. Isabel ordered the shot that came with a paddle spanking, and ordered it for that reason. I know a few people in the restaurant ordered it, and when I saw the spankings and how much they hurt those people, I was not about to order it. When Isabel got her spanking, she was a freakin' champ, only a little hop. lol.... . . Anyway, our food took a little while to come to our table, but it was well worth it. My soup was creamy and tasty, and not salty and my appetizer was so good. The pretzel was soft and it was perfect with the seasoned brie & cream cheese dip, however, I consumed the pretzel before I even finished the two mounds of cheese dip. I ended up having to order another pretzel to finish it off. The girls seemed to enjoy the food and the festivities, which included the chicken dance. This occurred after the beer holding contest (the beer was in a stein and the arm had to be straight with no leaning back for leverage). In the end, two guys ended up in a tie and each got a free stein as a souvenir. Us girls got a free stein after doing the chicken dance, and that stein went to Isabel because it was her bachelorette party weekend. I hate the chicken dance, but it was worth getting kicked and stepped on to get a free stein. lol...... . Hofbrauhaus is a good place to drink tons of German-crafted beer, sing along with the host, get a spanking after taking shots (not for people with a low threshold for pain), eat delicious food, and do the chicken dance.
great place had lots of fun there.really good beer knid of pricy
To sum up: authentic Bavarian restaurant located off the strip with huge beer and great food.. . To elaborate: My very first trip here was for a friend's birthday extravaganza. My first thought when I walked in was BEER!!!! and lots of it. Now being a Bavarian place they don't offer light beer so don't even think about it. They offered Hefeweizen, Dunkel and a seasonal - which in this case was a dark wheat beer. If you're looking for large quantities of tasty libation this is the place to go - get the litre and be amazed at the size of the stein you get. . . On to the food - if you like Bavarian (read: German) food, this is the place to be. I happen to be a fan, so I was in heaven and quite honestly was torn for a while. Oh the food was sooooooo good - you have GOT to freaking eat here if you like German food. Plus, the portions are HUGE! This is excellent drunk food - which probably says a lot about Germans...and the desserts look amazing. I was too full to try one though.. . Bringing on the atmosphere - for all intents and purposes this place is an authentic Munich beer hall. They have family style long wooden tables and benches, there is a huge shelf along one wall loaded down with steins, and a guy comes in and plays live music and gets loads of audience interaction. This is a very enjoyable place to come and eat - it's a little pricey (look to spend at least $30 per person if you're drinking), but it's definitely worth it for tourists and locals alike. I can't wait till Oktoberfest to see this place come alive.. . There are also spankings and contests. Be intrigued...
I went with a group of 4 people and everyone ordered something different to eat and no one was disappointed with the food. The beer was amazing as many others have mentioned. The food was also very good, but I would recommend sharing a plate because the portions are very generous. The service was okay, they weren't very busy, had plenty of staff, and still seemed to take a while to take our order and give us our check. All-in-all, if you love Baverian food and beer I would say this place is worth checking out.
What a beer hall! Ive been here a few times and everyone who comes along always has an amazing time. The beers are huge and light's not an option so if you're going to order a beer be prepared to drink.. It sounds like lately the entertainment has mostly been a one-man band but I've seen a full band play here in the past. All the gals are wearing German Bar Maid outfits (which become a bit more revealing in the later hours in the evening versus coming in for lunch) which is definitely a sight to see and they'll give ya a shot of whatever liquor is available if you'll let one of them paddle your arse.. . Decided to go with the Bavarian equivalent to Bangers and Mash (Sausage, Mashed Potatoes, and Sauerkraut rather than peas) which was delicious and considering how filling the beer was, just the right amount for me.. . If you've got about $25/head and are debating whether to stop in, go. You'll have a great time.. They also have a private photographer offering photos for $15 and $20. If you have a digital camera, their frame isn't worth the $15, but if not, go for it.
I've never been to Munich (Munchen) but i have been to Germany.  The sausage and sauerkraut were absolutely fabulous.  The veal sausage was tender, hot and flavorful.  I had the Dunkel and believe me it was refreshing . . . especially with 108 outside.  . . The place itself is very authentic looking.  I went early afternoon and it was very quiet . . . i can imagine during a busy night this place would be crazy.  Definitely going to make a run here when it is busy.
I just checked out Hofbrauhaus for the first time and I must say.  Hofbrauhaus has made me question my newly single status. Bring on the weirdos in lederhosen!!. . Always wanted to get to the Cincinnati location when I was living in Louisville, but never did.  We walked in around 9 p.m.  Early enough that it wasn't crazy, but late enough that the super majority had dos boots of beer and were schammered.  And we tried to catch up!  But those German girls are a lot more woman than me.  After one ginormous beer, I was done!  . . Great touristy atmosphere.  Very interactive.  Most of the servers were very friendly.  A total drunken, German party -- dancing, singing and drinking.  I can't wait to go back and try the food because nothing says party time like beer and kraut! hehe.
This place is very fun but loud!  You can buy a shot of Jager for a table guest and the must take the shot, then be spanked.  It is quite entertaining.  Don't go here if you are looking to talk to your table guest though!
This place is a must if you have never been! Located diagonally across the street from the Hardrock this huge German dining hall is awesome. Ive been here two times and I love the food. the sausages are amazing! Everything I've tried is really great. They serve you beer in a half liter or a full liter. You gotta go with the full liter! There is usually a band playing German music and hosting periodic beer chugging competitions. . . This place is one big party! Great way to start a night and have dinner before you go out. A meal and a beer will run you $30-40 so it's a little on the pricey side but its Vegas!, That's not too bad at all compared to some other places.
Great German food, portions are huge. The beers are brewed on the premises noisy place, great environment to hang  out with friends.
This place was really fun!  All of the other reviewers are right, it is a bit expensive.  Good thing we decided to go for my birthday, which excuses the cost!  We spent $123 with tip but we got a 3 course meal; pretzel, 2 liter glasses of beer, the weinerschniztel plate (the only good one was the chicken sausage!) and then the pork plate with mushroom sauce and spatzel (sp?).  We also got a dessert sampler with bread pudding, apricot strudel and the hot raspberries with vanilla ice cream.. . The large beers are the equivalent of two pints, meaning even at $14.50 it's still better than the normal $8 per beer Vegas pricing.  The hefeweisen was really good; not as tasty as my normal Weihenstephaner, but still very good.  . . We ended up sitting in the mock "outdoor" beer garden since we didn't have a reservation.  It was still great!  It's so airy and open, if you don't look directly at the fake sky on the ceiling you could actually believe that you're outside in a place with nice weather (aka not Vegas!).  It's also a bit quieter than inside, but we didn't really care.  . . On our way out, they were doing a contest to see which out of 10 women could drink their beer the fastest, with the prize being a beer stein. Of course, I didn't win but it was still very fun!  While we were there they also had a girl sitting on top of one of the horns while the guy was playing it... hilarious!!. . Overall, we will definitely go back... but this time with more than just the two of us and we'll make a reservation so we can sit in the beer hall!
So much fun!  So much to do and look @ and participate in.  So much.... So much!!!!  Hubby thought I should branch out and try something new.  We just weren't down for a BUUF FAT!  So we did.  We went to the house.  Boy - am I glad that we did.  It was such a treat.  We really enjoyed every bit.  The live band.  The spankings.  Oh yes - you read that right.  The SPANKINGS.  Old men, young men, women and children.  Waitresses come around with their paddle and a shot.  I'm guessing shots are optional for the wee ones.  It's as heavy as a buuf fat though.  Man.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and hubby got sausages and mashed potatoes.  Very large portions.  The appetizer pretzel we got was HUGE!  But oh so good.  We stood on tables and drank German beer.  It was such a good time.  We had a blast with just the two of us.  I can imagine the fun to be had by a large group.  Grab a good mood and run by this place for a GREAT mood!!!
Having been to the original one in Munich, I will preface that it cannot compare to the real one, but setting that aside, it does a very good job of trying to compare.  The beers are excellent and it is always great when they have the Dunkel Hefeweizen on tap.  The sausages and pretzels are done right, the spaetzel was pretty good too.  The ambiance in the hall is like a party with long tables and the band playing.  The back half is set up like a beer garden with a faux sky, much like the Venetian or Paris.  It was a lot quieter back there but we sat up front.  A fun place to hang out in Vegas!
As any Hofbrauhause establishment, prepare for good food and fun times! I'm not sure what else to say about this place that hasn't been said aside from:. - Prepare to say "Prost!" with the string of your drink. - Prepare to chicken dance between bites. - Prepare to EAT a good-sized portion of food. - Prepare to watch a stein-holding contest of participate in one if you dare. When we were there, the winner held the stein for over 15 minutes, and then went onto the national competition. If you win nationals, you go to Germany for the international competition. Insane. Fun. Cool. Go workout now.. . Also appreciated the German giftshop they had near the front.
Went here with a bunch of guys as part of a bachelor party.  The beer was good and plentiful, the food was very good, typical German fare.  The atmosphere was fun and the guys all had a blast.  . All of that said, it was not inexpensive.  Out the door we dropped abot $100 a head including alcohol and tip (of course there's always that one cheap assh*le who doesn't pitch in enough) but for several hours of entertainment and food I didn't think it was too crazy.  I think this is a fun place if you're with a group.  I don't think it be great if you're solo or a couple..you need a gang of folks to fill up a table and it seemed like most people had a table and pretty well stuck to themselves.
Forget about Oktoberfest, it's all about SPANKfest. I have never been spanked so HARD before! If you see a German girl with a paddle, you better RUN for your lives. . . I was here for my friend's bachelor party and we had a blast. The Hofbrauhaus reminds so much of my time in Munich. You have people standing up on the benches swaying, chugging and singing German songs.  The music is arguably as much a part of the festival as the liquid gold itself.  The place is filled with happy, merry and drunken people. . . Since we had a big party, we made reservation and were seated right away. The food was very authentic. I decide to go with the Hofbrauhaus Wurstplatte, which came with 3 different types of sausages (Vienna Style Frankfuters, Pork and Chicken) with Sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes. The sausages were DELICIOUS but I was left still hungry. I was able to fill my hunger with the 1 L of Hef beer. It pretty much HIT the spot!. . The service was EXCELLENT!  Our waitresses, dressed in traditional Bavarian clothing, carried ten 1-liter beer steins in their hands. It's astounding how they can handle the weight. . . I came in sober and left tipsy and violated. What a night at the Hofbrauhaus!!!
We went at 5pm on a Tuesday. So I cannot speak to the later time of day or weekend dining experience.. . Food was delicious and seemed authentic to me. The red cabbage was like a sauerkraut made with red cabbage with some sugar and spice added. Interestingly tasty. Generous portions, friendly staff, great atmosphere. I would love to go back.. . They had a live polka-style band. I was disappointed there was not a dance floor.. . People in our party ordered sausages and a couple of the pork roast style dishes. Everyone enjoyed the food. . . One draw back was the seating along the side of the room, where we were seated. The tables can fit up to 8+ people. If you're a party of 4 they will seat another party on the other end of the table which is pushed up against the wall. Which means if you're sitting on the outside you have to get up for the other diners or you have to wait for others to get out of your way if you're seated on the inside. This is okay if you like the other people seated at your table. But if you don't like their conversation or demeanor it could get unpleasant. So I recommend making reservations as I got the impression this was "overflow" seating. The rest of the seating areas had easy access to both ends of the table.. . I didn't try the beer but the drinks menu also offered some interesting brandy and digestive choices.
yay I'm a fan of the place. Service and the food were on the Subpar & Meh side respectively.. . If you like sing-a-long bars mixed with shots, spanking, and beer this is your place!!!! Closest to Irish Kevin's in Key West that I've found.. . Our waitress was slower than a one man paper hanger.  I actually left the restaurant to go to the bar to get another drink, she sucked.  The meat in my dish was good, but the potatoes were undercooked, the celery was pretty much raw, and sadly the red cabbage had too much cinnamon or nutmeg in it for my taste.  The beer was great, once I got it.. . The apple streusel dessert was on point though & so was the Spatzle.
Came here with a large group of people again because it was pre-arranged, dinner was from their prix fix menu. I really didn't like the food much, nor my riesling, tasted like water... Now you wonder why I still give this place a 4 star (as opposed to @#%#@$)? Other than the food, this place was so much fun! There was so much going on, singing, activities, beer holding, butt spanking by the hot waitresses.... LOL! By the time we were leaving, the people that were sitting where the stage was all stood on their tables and benches - DANCING and SINGING! It's a super fun place if you enjoy beer in a casual environment. I would come here again but only for the fun, not for the food.
This restaurant and beer hall is probably one of the most authentic German establishments I have visited in the U.S.  Great atmosphere, great food, and great beer as well.  The Oktoberfest brew was right on par with great German beer.  I hope you don't mind sitting, eating, and drinking next to complete strangers, because that's exactly what you'll be doing!  It's a lot of fun though and I enjoyed getting my fellow diner's perspectives.   The dishes on the menu are typical of those you would find in Southern Germany, with lots of sausage and pork.  I had the Reisenbratwurst with fries and a cup of potato soup. I would very gladly go back several times just to try out some of the other items on the menu.
So fun!! Love the main hall and all the communal chatter. We met such interesting people! Lots of oompa music and raising of mugs. I had a great time and I'm not a beer drinker.
We got the (secret item) sausage plate for two, 2 mini beers which we had coupons for, 1 big beer and their cheesecake. It wasn't screaming Vegas to me but it was nice to see a little Munich. I found it super cute to see how they tried really hard to mimic Munich's Hofbrauhaus beer garden. They had a smaller version of the fountain and 2nd story seating and painted clouds. I almost shed a tear. AWWW.
The beer, kraut, and sausages are all legit.  Their potato salad was tasty.  I'd definitely like to go back there with a large group and get rowdy.
I never realized how popular this place was until I came here with about 20 friends during a bachelor party. The place was packed and rocking on a Saturday night. We were seated in the main hall where there was music, singing, beer contests, and other events that made the night quite eventful. We had the Jager girl come by a few time to give the bachelor a few shots and a few slaps with the paddle. . . The beer and food were flowing for our group and this is definitely a place to drink a lot of beer in large steins, sing random songs, and meet random people.
An oasis of authenticity in a city full of sleaze. Check out what's seasonal at the moment.  This is the real deal.
The food is pretty good German food, and The Beer is Hofbrau so it's great. The staff is good and the experience with the live German bands always makes for a good time. Just dont order a shot of Jager from the Jager girl or she'll paddle you as hard as she can, happenned to me and I bought the t-shirt. Make sure you bring your drinking shoes.
This place is awesome if you go with a large group and drink loads of beer together, but the food is a real hit or miss. The music makes the drinking all the more enjoyable.
TUBAS AND BEER!. . Been here quite a few times in my adult life and love every minute of it. Went recently for the Oktoberfest celebration...what a hoot!. . I have been to Europe but never to Germany so I can't give one of those reviews on how authentic this place is. . . The BEER OH the BEER! First of all, if you order anything less than 1 liter then you don't belong at the Hofbrauhaus. Depending on the type of beer each liter runs around $17. Sure it's pricey but you really are paying for the atmosphere and entertainment. The whole place is lined with long tables/benches which help create the ambiance of a German beer house. . . A German band complete with tuba normally plays and encourages more drinking. My favorite is when they come around with the tuba and you must hurl your change into it's opening. So much fun with a beer in hand. The band plays traditional German music as well as the occasional cover song. Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" with tuba backup= Amazing!. . You can volunteer (or a friend can volunteer you) to have your booty paddled by one of the many waitresses. I saw an old man get paddled the other night and thought he may have a heart attack. But he survived!! . . The food is pretty descent but is pricey at about $18-$20/dish. I've ordered the traditional wienerschnitzel which is battered pork fried to crispy perfection. I normally don't get a full meal here since my friends and I mainly come here to drink. You can order a large pretzel with assorted mustards and cheese for less than 10 bucks. Also the fries with the cheese are a good beer-soaking snack. . . All in all the Hofbrauhaus is a fun place to celebrate birthdays, bachelor parties, and I even saw a group celebrating their 40th high school reunion. Also it's just fun to drink and be belligerent where it is encouraged!
Crazy,Loud, Rowdy, Fun place! Food is gross and expensive, but the soft pretzel is good. I dare you to do a shot! We danced on the tables and sang with the band.  Everyone is wasted by the end of the night........ Hilarious!
I love this place- the German beer and the pretzels. Especially the pretzels- one of the tastiest pretzels I have ever had. There was a large group of us- all very drunk as part of a bachelor party. The waitstaff was patent with us, as Vegas is all about drunken douchebags causing problems. Eventually, after several Nazi jokes and broken steins, we got kicked out. What was painful was that we got some glass in the food of the table next to us, and they stuck us with part of their bill....
I'll be honest, this review may be a bit fuzzy as it's the only way to truly appreciate the Hofbrauhaus experience.. . Depending on who you're with and what kind of party you're looking for.. starting with a "boot" might not be the best idea but it is definitely a bonding experience (insert fun drinking game here).  . . The Hofbrau Dunkel is my favorite beer.. and I like the Jumbo Complete (Giant Pretzel w/ cheese and mustard) to snack on while i pretend I'm German for a few hours.. . The band is corny but fun - have at it!
Nice crowd and a fun time if you don't take yourself too seriously. Beer is very good. Food is very good. Schnitzel and sausage are both well executed. Sides (spetzle, potato salad, red beet salad, cucumber salad) shine especially brightly.  Delicious. Service is with a cheeky smile.  Gift shop is kitchy fun.  Apparently there is some way that you can convince the waitresses to hit you on the backside with a wooden paddle. It's apparently a traditional thing.  Hilarity ensues.
Neat place in Vegas away from all the casinos for some good beer and German food....
I"m still a fan!. . Went last Saturday night. Definitely not as crowded as it is during Oktoberfest. But the beer was still good and the food was very tasty!. . Great sing along place if you want to chill, laugh, and drink a beer. It's caddy corner to the Hardrock Hotel .
I have been several times to the original in Munich. Also been to the one in Milwaukee and Newport, KY. So I had a pretty good idea how this should be. It was good. The beer was excellent, so was the weisswurst, pretzels and apfel strudel. The house band was good and made up of real Germans. Expensive. Yes its Vegas so I expected it. The "mas" or liter mugs of beer are like $15 each. I know it holds three beers but it took no time at all to spend $50 on beer before we even ate. If you order a shot here, a waitress swats your butt with a big paddle. Its some tradition they spoke about but I have to say I have never seen that happen at the Hofbrau in Munich.
For a place where people are chugging beer, standing on tables, and getting spanked with wood paddles, it sure is well-lit!. . . Having been to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich, and Chicago, I was expecting a raucous time with lots of singing and beer.  This is exactly what I got when I walked into the Las Vegas location.  . . Come here for the beer and the ambience.  This is the type of place where it's almost guaranteed you'll be singing "Sweet Caroline,"  at some point in the night; Is there anything else you need for a great time?  BAH-BAH-BAAAH!!!  (Go ahead and belt out the chorus real quick, it can't hurt). . The beer is good, you can drink out of a glass boot, you can get a shot of Jagr (which is punishment enough) followed by a "Dazed and Confused-esque" paddling.  These waitresses don't mess around either, you can hear the slaps of wood on clothed butt cheeks echo through out the hall.  . . I would recommend avoiding the food, as it's a bit on the pricey side (the pretzels are great though) and coming here to socialize, enjoy some beer, and good music played by the band.  It does get loud, but if you're looking for a quiet place to drink beer and sing, check out the reference section of the library.
Robin leach tapping a keg, fun and tasty chow
As long as I have lived in Las Vegas I had never dined at Hofbrauhaus. Very glad to say I have finally done so and look forward to going back again! Have plenty of friends who rave about it and it lived up to my expectations. . . Service was great, staff were friendly and helpful. Food was great. I along with a few friends ordered #365. They always order that and after checking the menu I decided to give it a try. Loved it. . . This is not for a quiet dinner. If that is what you were looking for then you chose wrong and it's not their fault. That's like saying you go to Oktoberfest to read books and relax. No, you go to have fun and drink. That is what Hofbrauhaus provides. A fun place for drinking and good German food. Very simple formula and since it's been here for quite a few years now, they must be doing it right. . . Look forward to going back again soon!
Absolutely delicious beer, the lager and dunkel were both perfect.  Food was extremely delicious.  Shots of jager will earn you a spanking from the paddle so be weary.
HB earned 4 stars for their fun and laid-back atmosphere. This is a great place to drink some beer, get rowdy, and re-visit your college partying days.. . As for the food, I would give them 3 stars. HB does have an extremely vast variety of different sausages and brats, however I like my brats to have a char on the outside for some crunch. Even though I asked for my sausages to be grilled... there were no grill marks to be seen, and the outside didn't have any hint of a crust. . . Another huge flaw in my book is that their pretzels weren't warm! Cold pretzels are hard and chewy! If they had just toasted them a bit, it would have made a world of difference. . . However, I feel overall that this is a great fun place to hang out with friends and drink a belly-bursting amount of beer. But foodwise, HB fell a little short for me.
The "Hof" ( we are going to call it that because Hofbrauhaus is way to hard to say and spell) is located in Las Vegas, Nevada across from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino off from Harmon Avenue. Its a German Ale House with a great Bavarian menu.  The Hof has family style seating which basically means bring your Family or if you don't have a family to bring, prepare to be introduced to a replacement family for your meal. As luck would have it, Simone and I went for lunch around 2:00pm and the place was almost empty so we didn't have to worry about being social with the sin city natives. After much analyzing of the menu we decided to start with the "Obatzer" appetizer. Lucky for my waitress she didn't have to worry about my total butchering of the German language as there were numbers that went along with each menu item for ease of translation. The "Obtazer" is a hand made warm German pretzel served with a Brie Cheese and Buttered Onion Dip. The dip was rich and creamy and totally went with the pretzel. There was dip left over after the pretzel was gone so the wife and I very elegantly stuck the rest on top of our knives and proceeded to stick it down our throats. Although the choking seemed to be distracting to the other guests we definitely enjoyed our appetizer down to the last knife full.. For the entrees Simone ordered the "Allgaur Kasespatzle". It was a German style Mac and Cheese made with mini German Spaetzle dumplings, Swiss, Brie, and again, those luscious buttered onions. It was creamy and rich with just the right amount of onion flavor. Although Simone could not finish it, due to the earlier appetizer gluttony, i gladly helped her out. For my own entree i choose the "Nurnberger Rostbratwurst". The dish consisted of 3 grilled Bratwurst resting on a bed of fresh sauerkraut and mashed potatoes with a beer gravy. The flavors went together perfectly and complimented each other well. The Potatoes were creamy with a hint of Garlic , the brats were seasoned perfectly, and the sauerkraut was just sour enough but didn't overpower the dish. I completely cleaned the plate and also finished off my side of fluffy spaetzle drizzled in butter and parsley.  My only regret about this meal is I had no more room in the stomach for German beer or dessert. I will definitely try some when I come back during my next Vegas Visit. This was excellent food in a great and fun setting off from the Vegas Strip.
My friends and I came here on 3/12/12 for dinner and drinks! . . As we were walking up to the place I heard live music, so I already knew it was going to be a good time. It's a huge white building with lit blue neon lights when it's dinner time. Once we got in I noticed a full bar and gift shop. We were seated quickly in what was like a Hogwarts type dinning hall, at least in my buzzed opinion. The ceilings are high and the tables and chairs are made of pure wood. They also have a stage set up for the music! . . Straight up Yelp, I had a 5 star time with 3 star food. . . The night we came there was a great crowd. The place was jamming, food was being served every minute, and people were taking shots of Jagermeister before getting spanked with a wooden paddle, hard. . . Before we ordered our food we started with a 2 Liter boot of Hefeweizen each. These were pretty fun and definitely pack a punch. I can't remember exactly what my meal was called but it was 2 grilled veal sausages, a little lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pretzel with dipping sauce. The sausages were good but just didn't taste or look grilled. My pretzel could have been a bit warmer as well. The food was not horrible, just missing something. . . I had a great time here. I will be back for another boot and to try more items off the menu.
If you are looking for a "quite" or romantic dinner, Hofbrauhaus is definitely not the right spot for you. The food is not the main reason to drag anyone to the restaurant either. However, Bavaria is not known for its culinary.  Don't get me wrong, the place is a unique experience: Loud music, Good beer and - if u are lucky, like I was - there will be a few groups of germans standing on the tables while singing and dancing and  you could also share one of the big tables with friendly, talkative bavarian folks. . . When it comes to the food: try the brats. The variety is not vast, but they are tasty and a good side of Germany. And the pretzels worth the try too. Don't forget the mustard and the obazda sauce. . . The service is not the strongest point: it took over 10 minutes to be greeted by anyone, another 10 minutes to get our beer and about half and hour to get the food. The wait wasn't bothering me much while my 1 liter beer was full and I was enjoining the music and the german bachelor party group next table, but then a sad thing happen: no one asked to refill our beers for the next hour, and when the server did, it took a while to come. . . Don't get scared when the bill comes. Just the pretzel itself is about $ 12, the beer $ 15... so... expect to spend from $50-$100 a person.. . FINAL SCORE: . FOOD: 3 stars. SERVICE: 3 stars . AMBIENCE: 5 star
First German food I had. The jager schizel was good and service was fast.  I think I would go back the pretzel looked good.
Ever been to Germany for Octoberfest?? Nope not me either.  But you can have that experience without ever leaving Las Vegas. This place is huge, The Tables are huge, it's like the King Kong of Picnic Tables they also have a Banquet Hall for hundreds of tourists who come by the BUS LOADS. Wow!y They have the giant beer mugs as well, different selections of sausages, and schnitzels come and feel like a German for a Day. They also have a band that plays traditional German music. So you get the full experience. So get full and shitfaced here.  It's Great!!
A little touch of Bavaria in Las Vegas.  Beer by the liter, German sausages sauerkraut, and some guy singing drinking songs whose job it is to walk around, chat people up and drink beer. . . Best.Job.EVER!
This place is probably the most "real" Bavarian beer hall experience you'll find in the states. They do all the German drinking songs and serve all the Bavarian food. The prices aren't bad, considering we paid just about as much for drinks/food in actual Bavaria. The music was fabulous, and the beer was top-notch. For those who just want a nice time hanging with friends, while singing German drinking songs and toasting to a liter of delightful brew, it doesn't get any better than this!
The Hofbrauhaus was a lot of fun for me and my parents (my mom's family is from Bavaria, so this is a bit of home cooking for her! What better place to take them?).. . As soon as we walked in, we sat at a huge wooden table and ordered some beers. They were delicious (and huge). A bunch of cute German guys were enjoying some beers and brats in their lederhosen, and eventually, they were subjected to shots and spankings (thanks to one of their friends). Maybe a little too entertaining, but it was a fun time. A three-piece band played Bavarian standards and many of the patrons sang along/danced. A very fun time.. . As for the food, the portions are generous and the flavors are savory and delicious. I had one of my favorites, currywurst. The pretzels are really soft and chewy--perfect with a beer. The prices are moderate, but if you're not starving, I'd say split it with a friend. There's too much to eat, and you can always order more if you're hungry. This was, hands-down, my parent's favorite place we visited in Vegas. We'll be back next time.
Can I just say....I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE! I've gone a few times now since living in Vegas and each time I have a blast. I've even gotten involved in chugging contests. If you can handle the loud noise and potentially sitting next to people you may not know (seating is long tables and benches with backs) singing and having a good time this is definitely a place you want to visit. The food is good for sure I love the massive soft pretzels that they have *drools* The beer is epic! I love their Hefeweizen it's smooth and delicious, I wish I could have on at this very moment. :) Yes you can drink from a "Das Boot" you can even buy one. Pretty much this place is awesome and a good time, gotta visit at least once!
This place is fun!  Loud music, drinking games, lederhosen, what more can you ask for in a German Beer Hall?  The food was traditional German food.  I ordered the pretzel off the appetizer menu, which was good, but I recommend ordering a pretzel "off menu".  Its $1 more but is more than twice the size and comes with dipping sauces.  Much better deal...I was sad when my tiny pretzel came out. Order a shot for someone at the table, it comes with a spanking (from a paddle) from the server, it's really entertaining.
coming here I was prepared to be let down as it looked like a cheesy Octoberfest. I was very wrong.. The beer was great, the food, was OK (honestly I didn't have much as the liquid diet was doing me well) but the most fun was when we told the waitress that it was a buddy's birthday... . I won't spoil what happens next but I highly recommend telling them and waiting for the entertainment.... I haven't laughed so hard in quite a while... Ill definitely be going back.
Gr8 place to grab beer with the boys. This is straight out of munich, germany. The one in munchen is bigger and louder but this one will do just fine. . . We had a bachelor party dinner here and the best man got so wasted he was hugging the toilet. Im not a beer guy but i really enjoyed the beer here. . . Not really a family place and Cant really hang here all the time imho.
Group singalongs, bench seating, beer chugging contests, large steins of frothy goodness and paddles. This place is practically impossible not to like. . I had the jagerschnitzel which wasn't bad, but it definitely needed salt. The rest of the group seemed pleased with their meals of bratwurst and roasted chicken legs.. The bachelor in our group got a good paddling from our waitress, as did many lads that night as the spanks were heard echoing 'round the great hall. . This was the perfect choice to help our friends celebrate their impending nuptials - I would definitely return to the Hofbrauhaus again!
Came with a few friends just to have a good time.. . - buy a yager, slap some ass! lol. waitress doesn't show mercy either!. - Hold a beer longer than 8m, win a trip to NY! saw it happen. great job old man.. - alphorn star wars theme song? skills! . - huge salty pretzel with very salty dipping sauce. . - overall great atmosphere. i stepped in another country!
This place is a lot of fun. The beers are good too. The live entertainment does a lot of silly things, if you go here a few times it gets repetitive. But the general friendliness/rambunctious makes it a fun place to visit every now and again. You will certainly meet fun tourists from all around America and plenty of students from UNLV. I haven't eaten here but the food looks pretty good. The price is a bit too high. I just couldn't bring myself to buy dinner, two 2pt beers and a dinner will break $40.
Had our friend's 50th Birthday party at Hofbrauhaus and it was great.  Service was really good and the food was delicious!  I've been to the original Hofbrauhaus  in Germany without the TV's, which we enjoyed.
This place is like Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Adults who like to drink beer (and eat food that doesn't taste like cardboard).. . Hofbrauhaus is unabashedly fun.  It's full of busty serving gals who deliver ales (and paddlings - we went for a friend's birthday party, and the gal literally handed his backside to him) with enthusiasm.  Oompah bands round out the music scene.  And you love lederhosen, it'll be like you died and went to Heaven.. . The place is designed for good times.  They encourage you to stand on tables.  They want you to have fun.  They prefer youto be loud in your proclaimed enjoyment of beer.  The mood is pretty light and enjoyable.. . The food is pretty excellent and decent portions.  There were a lot of things that looked tempting, but I tried the chicken sausages with a generous helping of tasty mashed potatoes.  Prices ran about $15-20 a plate.  The beer steins are huge, and I had even gotten a "medium" that led to a comfortable buzz.  If I can finagle a way to come here without driving, I want one of the ridiculous sized ones.. . There is a ton of audience participation.  They really want to get the crowd involved whether up on stage, or if they come to you in the crowd.  It wasn't one of those awkward vibes where they will force unwilling restaurant patrons to get involved, but if you want to participate, they most definitely will accommodate.. . The only issue that I had during my outing was during the cash handling at the end.  We had a BIG birthday group, and those things always become hectic with a lot of separate checks.  The problem was that due to a miscommunication, the status of whether someone within our party already covered all our expenses versus if we still needed to pay became a back and forth "yes/no/yes/no" issue that while resolved, I wasn't sure if it was until credit card statements were checked.  But to her credit, our server was very patient and was trying very hard to get everything sorted out amongst the beer chants and drinking contests.  I think in a smaller group, that won't be an issue.. . I will check out Hofbrauhaus again.  Between the lively atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty food and copious amounts of beer, it's a hard place to be bummed out in.  Just keep your party under 40 people, and it should be fine for an unique dining experience.
It would get 4.5 stars if I could.... . All I can say is they have litres of beer!!!  How great is that, good, strong beer.  Servers are pretty good for the mayham they deal with in the dining hall.  Fun, and even more fun after a few litres!  Food is good, but even in Germany the food is only "good".   I giving it 4 $ just because the litres are pricey and add up quick.  the average customer probably is done after 1 litre
I can't even tell youor pronounce what I had eaten. All I know is that it was really good. I had what looked like three long sausage links with sauerkraut (see picture) and mashed potatoes. AND don't forget...the German beer! . . My friends and I had arrived here late in the afternoon, which is why the craziness wasn't happening. I've been to the real Hobrauhaus in Munchen; I would love to one day go back for Oktoberfest. For now, Las Vegas will suffice and I hope to come back the next time I am in Vegas.
Visited the Hofbrauhaus twice with two different sets of friends and left with the same common ending: drunk, stuffed and sore.  The live music and large pints or steins of beer make this feel like an authentic German beer hall.  The Jagermeister? Not so much.. . As a huge Taiwanese sausage fan, I am pretty used to eating links and links of sausage.  So as I finished my sausage platter in 2 minutes, my friends were astonished. They couldn't even finish theirs.  . . Most interesting note: if you buy shots, the girls will spank you. Doesn't matter if your a rookie or a veteran. Just make sure they don't get your tailbone because that's a stinger.
One of the best places to get German food  in Las Vegas. If you are craving schnitzel, then this is the place for you. I have tried both their Schnitzel Wiener Art and Jagerschnitzel. Both dishes are hearty and tasty. Their pretzels are great and I believe they bake them to order. I'm usually not a dessert person but their apple strudel is to die for. I heard from the bartender that the strudel is flown in from Germany. If you like polka music then this is the place for you because they  hire live polka bands nightly.
I came here for a drink one night already drunk on food (see my review for India Palace).  I never made it into the dining hall other than a quick pass through on my way to the restroom (stay tuned for more on that).  Instead I stayed at the bar since I was there for the beer after all.  When presented with the sizes, my friend and I looked at each other and looked down the bar at a lady with the large liter size beer.  Being men and not wanting to be out done by a lady, we both ordered the liter size of a dark beer as well.  We were already full so those beers took a long time to drink.  He was the first to visit the restroom in the back.  I followed suit a few minutes later.  The quick trip through the dining hall was entertaining.  People sitting at community tables singing and laughing.  Drinking and eating.  Live music playing traditional German tunes as well as more contemporary songs on traditional German instruments.  Sweet Caroline in oom-papa style was hilarious.  It looks like a fun place to eat and be basically part of the show.  I'd like to go back just for that.  Anyhow, I make my way back to the bar from the restroom, take my seat and resume my drinking.  Then I notice, my friend is not there anymore.  I figured he went back to the restroom and I missed him.  So I waited a few minutes and he never came back.  Finally I asked the bar tender if he had seen the guy I came in with.  I got a funny look followed by "oh, you're serious."  For the last ten minutes he was sitting just one stool over and talking with another bar patron.  Both men are ex Air Force.  I felt pretty stupid at this point.  All I could do was laugh and wonder if I was really that drunk.  It was not long after that that I finished my beer and was ready to head home.  The rain of the evening had let up, I was tired and had a long drive to Arizona the next morning.  After paying the barkeep and calling out the BS-ing former Air Force stranger on some of what he was saying therein nearly starting a fight, I made it to my car, made it home and made it to bed.  What an evening.
I planned my friend's bachelorette party and I had this German theme going so of course we started here. Apparently, this is more common as a bachelor party destination SO do not be surprised if you are a group of ladies and you are descended upon by men immediately upon entry. Once we shooed the guys away we got us some huge steins of beer (I had the lager, it was tasty) and sausage and spaetzle and enjoyed watching everyone getting their Jager paddling and the German band playing, it was  fun scene. I the sausage sampler and it was good, some sausages better than others (one just tasted like a hot dog which was weird, the thicker one was the best...that's what she said!) The bride-to-be is a vegetarian and got the German-style mac and cheese spaetzle thing and we all started chowing on that too because it was delicious, maybe better than the sausage! She also had been to the OG Hoffbrauhaus in Munich and yeah, she said this was a little different but we had a good time all the same!
Enjoyed the Hofbrauhaus last night. Wienerschnitzel, Schwarzwalderkirschtorte, Sauerbraten, Kasekuchen... it was fantastic! Just like at home in Europe! My family and I were very happy, and will definitely go back soon. The music was pretty nice too, almost made us a bit homesick. The Oktoberfest beer is delightful! We need more of that nice delicious brew :)
This is a really enjoyable place to eat German food, drink Hofbrau beer, and listen to a live German band.  This is a perfect German beer hall and is a wide open space that looks like nearly an exact copy of the one in Munich.  As would be expected seating is at long communal tables where you can meet some new folks.  I'm not really a fan of cheesy night clubs with DJ's playing terrible music so this is one of the more enjoyable places in Las Vegas to me.  And yes they even play the chicken song!
The weekend of Frozen Fury is infamous for pre-party at Hofbrauhaus before the game.  Game got cancelled and no one was here, but the food more than made up for it!  The pretzel was a tad try but the mustard was great.  I got a jar to go and we paid $5 for it...I just found it today at Cost Plus World Market for $2.50.  Darn; I thought they made it themselves.  We got 2 random dishes that involved sausage and something that resembled potato dumplings; not sure but both were delish!. . The entertainment is amped up to high, even though the place was half packed.  The man looked like he escaped from Beer Fest and was smashed in the wee hours of the afternoon.  Rock on.  We'll be back!
The Strip has the Pyramid, Ancient Rome, New York City, and Venice. Paradise Road has the Bavarian Beer Hall.. .   The Hofbrauhaus is a Bavarian Beer Hall across from the Hard Rock. Step inside the Hofbrauhaus, and you temporary leave Vegas.. .    This past Saturday,after 7 years in Vegas, l finally experienced the Hofbrauhaus. It is so different from what I expected. I expected a mega bar serving hundreds of varieties of beer. In reality the Hofbrauhaus is a replica of a Bavarian Beer Hall. Beer drinkers share good times at long tables. In the front of the Beer Hall, a Bavarian band leads the good times. On a loudness scale of 1 to 5, it reaches a 4. The servers dress in Bavarian uniforms. A major reason, I give Hofbrauhaus four stars is because the well-done theme makes it a unique place to share good times over beer.. .    Because Hofbrauhaus is a beer drinker's theme park, the prices are inflated. The feeling of drinking beer in a Bavarian Beer Hall justifies $8.95 for a 17 ounce Octoberfest beer from Munich Germany. $8.95 also pays for a strong beer. By the way, a 34 ounce Octoberfest beer is $15.95. . .   Hofbrauhaus is more than beer. They serve German food at prices that compare to their beer, which is $$$. From Monday to Friday between 11 to 4, they offer $9.95 specials on German food.. .    I left the Hofbrauhaus with the impression that it is cool to have a beer in a beer drinker's theme park at the same time that one beer is the limit. After one beer, the noise becomes annoying and it is so obvious you could go across the street and have a few more beers at Firkins On Paradise for the price of one beer at the Hofbrauhaus. And this is where we went after having experienced drinking a beer in the Hofbrauhaus.. . Review in a nutshell:. . Pros: Entertaining Bavarian Beer Hall theme, strong beer, fun at first, plenty of parking at the nearby Hard Rock. . Cons: High priced, very loud environment.
Been here twice and the food and experience are great!  You sit at long tables with other people, open area to see everything that is going on.  The last time I came was for my bachelor dinner and got paddled twice.  That hurt big time, wish I had the shots way beforehand.  The food is authentic, good portions, and live music.  Can't wait to go back next time!
Hofbrauhaus was such a fun, and funny, treat. Of course, Las Vegas was the perfect place to recreate a "German beerhouse" in the States. This place is huge, almost cavernous, with a loud, boisterous band playing in the front of the hall and long tables of reveling diners singing along. Both the food and drink menus are expansive, with plenty of sausage to go around. You can get beers in all different sizes, from the 1/2 liter to the full mug, and I bet you there's a boot option there somewhere. . . I'm not sure if all Bavarian dishes are like this, but it seemed like the "Specialty" ones offered at Hofbrauhaus include meat, carbs, and cream. Indeed, the Jagerschnitzel  that I got had those three components, as well as bacon and cranberries. The plate was the size of my head, and the pork was buried underneath a mountain of sauce and bacon. I think they made a mistake; I don't think this dish is meant for one person. The schnitzel was pretty good; it was well-seasoned and the bacon lent the right saltiness to the whole dish. It was nice having the noodles sop up some of the cream, and the cranberries also helped cut through some of richness. What makes a dinner here a real treat, however, isn't the beer and the sack of food you get. It's the rowdiness of the crowd, the whack of the paddle (you get one to the butt on your special occasion), the boom of the band, and a thousand other things that make this a truly unique experience.
Buy a spanking, get a free shot. Or is it the other way around.?. This place is a replica of the famous Hofbrauhaus in Munich, but unlike many replicas here in Vegas, Hofbrauhaus was able to also bring the same atmosphere of the original Hofbrauhaus, Live German band playing classic German and American singalong songs, lots of beer, food and loud drunk customers having one hell of a time. This is definitely a great place for celebrations. Also, where else would you get spanked every time you have a shot of jager?... Here!...So I started with a shot of Jager.. Now, the food is a different story, although people around me seemed to enjoy it, I'm not really a fan. I ordered the Hofbrauhaus wurstplatte, recommended by my Hispanic looking German waitress, she said it was one of the most popular dishes in the house and the menu says is for sausage lovers. ( I know, it doesn't sound right) it wasn't bad really but it wasn't good either, I wasn't impressed by it, I mean there was the "wow" factor but nothing to do with flavor...... So I ordered another shot of jager. (better sausages at Las Vegas grille and also less intimidating). Previously i had ordered the Bavarian appetizer, Obazda, now this is worth ordering again, it was really good. Brie prepared with cream cheese, butter, onions, served with a freshly baked pretzel...... and a shot of Jager.. The beers are good of course, who doesn't like German beer? But they are a little bit pricey so we only had one 1 litter Oktoberfest beer each. WOW, when the waitress came back and sat the two beers on the table my friend and I looked at them and we were impressed of how huge they were! Wow! there's something worth coming back for! (by the way, the beers were also big) ....so I had a shot of Jager.. For dessert I ordered the apfelstrudel which is their signature dessert and I loved it, accompanied with a shot of Jager is the best.. I'm pretty sure I'll be back. Even though this place is a bit pricey and they seem to cater mostly to tourists, this is a good place for birthday parties and any kind of celebration or to bring friends from out of town.. German music playing, beer drinking people singing and dancing, fun staff going around entertaining and serving happy customers, eating and huge (beers), shots of jager. I can definitely get used to all this.............spanking.
Food was great. I had one of the fish dishes, I believe the poached salmon. It tasted great. The beer was great as well. I can't recall the name of it but it was in a HUGE mug and was about $15. This place is moderately pricey. I paid for the Bachelor's dinner and my own, and it rang up to about $80 right there. I still enjoyed the place. The waitresses were great, they gave my buddy and paddle smack right on his booty, and he was also able to go up to the band a play an instrument! Great fun, great food, great beer, no big complaints. I would go back.
It's Oktoberfest all year! For $5 you can get a half shot on a test tube and a paddle spanking from a leather clad lady. The food is ok, you are coming here for the experience. It's a fun place that is different then the strip.
If you can name all 6 of the original Oktoberfest beers, this place is a must on your next visit.  Nice place.  Good food - get the sausages boiled, remove the casing, and enjoy with a pretzel and great beer!
The pretzels are amazing and the atmosphere is great. This place is a lot of fun and I will go here every time I go to Vegas.
Two words: Live polka :) :).  Forget the strip, we could have stayed here all night.  It has a perfect mixture of family-friendliness and night life.  Good beer, yummy food, great atmosphere.  It's a mini model of the real thing in Munich.  Large tables with bench style seating ~ beware... You may up sharing a table with a stranger! :) The only thing we didn't like were the novelty prices.  Definitely more expensive than the average brat & beer house.  Be prepared to pay $14 on the pretzel they bring you to share when you first sit down. Good food, great service, we will definitely be back & bring more people next time!
I do my best to stop in at the Hofbrau every time I go to Vegas. It's a fun environment that brings a different style to the table in a town full of hotel bars and clubs. . . People have told me that the Hofbrau Las Vegas is an exact replica of the Hofbrau in Munich. I'm not happy to admit that when I was at the Hofbrau in Munich some years ago, things were a little blurry. Lets just say the Deutsch begin the festivities rather early on Easter Sunday. Either way, from my fuzzy memory the Vegas Hofbrau certainly has a very similar feel to the original. The beer is all the original Hofbrau brew, and they serve it in the traditional stein (although I don't remember them having a smaller one in Germany). Last time I went I got the Oktoberfest in Das Boot! I was a little upset that the boot was plastic, but it still turns into an endurance trial toward the end of the beer- which can be fun, or not so fun all depending.. . The food is all traditional Bavarian style- so be ready for sausage and potatoes! I still have yet to encounter anything I disliked on the menu but I highly suggest getting a soft pretzel as an appetizer. The pretzel is huge and comes with an array of dipping selections- all of which are great.. . I think the biggest difference between the original and Vegas location is how the entertainment is catered toward the crowd. The original had a very traditional German brass band sort of playing in the background. The Vegas Hofbrau certainly has a bit more of a 'showy' feel to it. They're constantly playing German drinking songs along with many popular songs to keep the crowd involved. They also play a bunch of games. Such as 'last man holding the stein wins'. Also, if you really want, the waitress will slap you on the ass with a paddle with a sound that will ring out though the entire building. I haven't done it myself. Not gonna lie, I'm afraid of getting tagged in the coin purse.. . If you're looking for a different experience in the sometimes overly repetitive town of Las Vegas, I suggest hitting up the Hofbrau. In true fashion of the town, you probably won't leave sober, but you will have a unique experience and not be surrounded by the hotel bar hookers like the rest of the town.. . Prost!
I had been told to try the Hofbrauhaus before I left for Vegas by some co-workers. Man was I glad that they recommended this place! The atmosphere was loud, but that is to be expected when the entertainment is never ending. Going on a Monday night I had thought it would be a smaller crowd, but decided to make a reservation. Glad I made a reservation because the place was packed!!!! I started out with one of their white wines and the pretzel appetizer with cheese. Delicious!  At that point I was already feeling full but decided to try out some other things. I ordered some German weiners but it tasted kind of like over-done Oscar Mayer hot dogs honestly....which is why this place did not get 5 stars from me. The potato salad that came with the meal was absolutely amazing! Never had any potato salad taste that great! Needless to say, it was a great experience but I would probably order a schnitzle or something more authentic next time.
Yes, the beer is overpriced...though their Dunkle is darn good!  Yes, the food is overpriced...then again, there are not a lot of places in Vegas with solid Bavarian/German dishes.  Yes, Hofbrauhaus can be a bit touristy at times.  These are all the reasons you should avoid coming to the Hofbrauhaus.  The problem is that it is far too much fun...especially with a group of friends!...so I'll come back and and overpay for beer, overpay for food and somehow have an incredible evening non-the-less...again and again!  If you are coming here for anything other than a great amount of fun, you are going to the wrong place.. . The Hofbrauhaus is a loud, German/Bavarian beer hall.  There is a live band playing all your favorite, classic, German beer drinking songs...errr...I guess I assume they are the classics and favorites... either way, they are fun reasons to heave a hefty stein or glass boot into the air and drink beer.  The beers they do are done well, especially the dunkle.  The food is fine, but nothing incredible.. . I love going to the Hofbrauhaus for friends birthdays or other celebrations.  You can order a spanking from the bar-maid...it even comes with a free shot!
Very close to the original in terms of layout and design, perhaps a bit smaller. Kind of far from the strip, good spot if you are staying at the Hard Rock Casino. Food was great, beer a bit pricey but it is Vegas. We felt like the server pushed a $13 Bretzel on us even before we had a chance to look at the menu and the Oktoberfest beer, it was like it was going bad and they were trying to sell it before it went bad. Beer was good and being vegetarian we ordered 5 side dishes to split. We each had a masse (Litre stein/32 oz of beer) our bill came to around $100. Expect to spend between $35-$50 per person if you eat and have a drink or two. Great spot to take a large group to drink if you want something different.
Fun place to be. Beer is expensive 15.00 for 1 liter of beer but the atmosphere is awesome. It's loud n you will be seated with other strangers but people do mind their own business. We fot the jumbo pretzel special for 13.95, yummy. The schnitzel was good n I got the 3 sausage combo for 19.99, kind of pricey. Don't forget to order your favorite shot n get a butt spanking for your beer maiden.
Do I love German food? Actually not, despite my visit to this restaurant for both lunch and then dinner all within the same day.. . Regarding lunch we met up with 4 other business colleagues during lunch because one of the guys was there earlier in the week and he really enjoyed his lunch. So there we were table of 6. We had a free beer coupon from the Embassy Suites so we enjoyed one smaller than normal size beer. The other 5 guys enjoyed there lunch, but, I was not so impressed although our table server was very accommodating to our table needs and menu changes. The restaurant looks like an indoor beer garden, but, was very tame and appropriate for a business lunch.. . In the evening a different group of 6 of us returned from American Shooters in the late evening and decided we would have dinner here. At this point there was live music and the place was hopping with people even dancing on their tables to the music.. . We all used our free beer coupons for another small stein of beer. As we were eating our food we noticed one of the customers get up from his table and get paddle spanked by a waitress. I guess the guy did not pay his bill, but, actually others from the same table were also spanked minutes latter.. . We quickly realized this was a ritual, which emanated years ago from customers who ordered after dinner shots. You got paddle spanked and then had to drink your shot. . . After we finished our dinners the one female at our table had ordered shots for the 5 of us. Needless to say all the men got spanked except for one, who refused to participate. But we could not suffer alone so we ordered another shot for our female friend. But she had rhine stones on her jeans so the waitress was very easy on her. The guys were disappointed by the uneven hand of our waitress. The guys were hit hard, but, our female friend got off easy.. . As for my dinner there was way too much food to eat and again I was not so impressed by the quality or taste of the food. I guess I don't like German food so much even though I am Polish? Maybe it is because they invaded us in the big one: WWII. . . I should add service during dinner was as equally good (or better considering the circumstances) as was during lunch although we did not have any special food requests.. . I would still recommend this place not so much for the food, but, because of the live music and the paddle spanking for fun. By the way I recommend the dark draft Dunkel, which was pretty tasty.
It's a Disney style version of the real thing.  It would help to raise the rating if I were pissed (drunk) out of my skull like most of the other patrons .The food was quite good and the service was great.  If you've experienced the real thing, then this place, you'll understand why this doesn't rate 5 Stars. Get wasted and you'll love it.
Where else can you get a lively place complete with awesome German food,beer, live music and random paddle spankings? At the Hofbrauhaus of course!! My party of 4 had a blast here and I even got pulled up with about 12 other gals for a "Who can drink their beer stein the fastest" contest! (I didn`t win) But who cares? Love this place!!
We wanted a fun casual restaurant with good beer and great pretzels...and this place delivers.  In addition, there was a live band playing German polka songs for the most part; a beautiful lady who will deliver spankings for a price; and a person who will also photograph your group (again for a price).. . Food was good.....and service was friendly.. . Large restaurant with 2 rooms - one where you sit at tables with other people closer to the band; and one in the garden area where you can sit just with people you want to sit with..  We opted for the garden area, but either would make for a fun evening...... . Prices are moderate.....we had a coupon for a free 10 ounce glass of beer and they were happy to honor it.
Great atmosphere at this place. Great Bavarian dishes to choose from. The food was great, service was excellent, and giant beers help too.  A little pricey for me but you get what you paid for.  I highly recommend.
Having been to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich I was, uh, less than excited to be headed to this touristy knock off in Las Vegas. I was way wrong! Yes it is touristy and yes it is loud and crowded, but it was alsoa very fun!. . There were 6 of us in our group and we all had a great time. We started out with a pretzel and giant beers, well the pretzel was giant too now that I think about it...anyway, both were dee-lish. I particularly liked the cheese spread and brown honey mustard dipping sauces that came with the pretzel.. . I'm normally a fan of schnitzel, but I thought I'd try something different this time. I went with the Sauerbraten (German pot roast) and while it was very tasty, the meat wasn't very tender at all. Definitely not horrible, but I'll stick with the Jagerschnitzel next time. . . Beer was flowing, shots were plentiful and a few in our group got spanked...literally...numerous times. Don't be a snob like I was - just because something's a little touristy doesn't mean it can't be a good time. . . I go to Vegas for work A LOT - I'd happily go to Hofbrau again if for no other reason than to forget about work for a minute. And to grab a hot pretzel and cold beer of course.
The Hofbrauhaus is a great place to bring your friends or your naughty kids. My friends and I were on an all guys trip to Vegas and on our last night we decided to check this place out. We had no reservations, but within one hour, we were able to make a reservation via open table, and get seated. I was impressed because there were 10 of us and it was a Saturday night. As soon as we get there I was overwhelmed with the . . The ENVIRONMENT is huge! They have a live band at the very front and the decor is great. Very German/Oktoberfestish. All seating is on wooden picnic bench style seats.  One thing to keep in mind is the noise. It's really loud when a band is playing.  So loud that we had to pretty much yell at each other to have a conversation. However, just because it's loud, it doesn't mean you can fart at will. You have to remember that its picnic bench style seating and your friends will still feel the vibration.  . . The FOOD here was satisfactory IMO. I asked our server for his recommendation and he suggested the Jagerschnitzel. It's a pork cutlet with bacon and onions covered in mushroom sauce. Plate also comes with cranberries and Spatzle which is a German noodle. The Spatzle taste like macaroni. The pork was a little gristly for me but the overall blend of everything on the plate was pretty good.  . . The BEER tasted great and was so refreshing. Since we were there in October the seasonal beer was the famous Oktoberfest. All their beers are brewed and imported from Munich Germany. We all ordered our beers in that huge beer mug that you can serve rootbeer floats in. It was so good that I wanted another but the night was young and that one mug already had me feelin pretty good.  . . SPANKING SERVICE - While we were waiting for our food this lady AKA The Jager Girl came to our table and asked us if we wanted a Jager shot. She didn't say how much and we didn't care to ask at the time because we wanted one of our friends who never drinks and is really shy to get loose. So a few of us bought shots for him. We didn't realize that you get spanked for every shot you take. He took it well and we later found out that each shot was only 5 dollars. So then we all decided to get one. . . The actual SERVICE of the restaurant was pretty good as well. They checked on us quite a bit and our food was brought out in a timely manner. . . Overall, it was a great experience. Solid 4 stars for me.
For me, the main bonus of staying so off the Strip at the Hard Rock was how close the Hofbrauhaus was.  While living in Germany, this was a main stop for giant beers and plates of schnitzel.  It was nice to relive that experience at the Hofbrauhaus Las Vegas and we even got sat with a boisterous man from Munich at one of the many communal tables.  We didn't get the big beers but I forgot how much I loved the HB Hefeweizen. . . The only downside for me was the "German" potato salad which was much less German and more backyard American barbecue.  I was really looking forward to it but ended up disappointed.  . . Despite that one hiccup, we had a good time and after going from one smokey casino to the next, I really appreciated the smoke free environment.
Even though I've been to Vegas many times, I'd never heard or been to the Hofbrauhaus, until now. I wouldn't say this is a place for everyone. However, if you're like me where you love dive bars and you love beer (huge steins of beer!), than you will LOVE this place! . . The food kind of sucked, some of the worst wurst I've had in my life (and it looked gross too), but forget about that. It's all about the beer... the giant steins of beer... and getting wasted enough to get spanked with a wooden paddle (warning, the more diesel you look, the harder you'll get wacked)...it's about doing the chicken dance (my favorite!) and singing along to classics like Sweet Caroline.  . . YES, a good ol time indeed!
If you like beer, broads and loud music, this place is for you. . . I am on a health kick so my food options were limited but my fried fish was soo soo okay. the potatoe salad was a little unlike the mexican picnic blend i grew up on but not bad. . . The rowdyness of the place and the fact that nice looking broads go around swatting the patrons is cool and fun if you are into that kind of thing. . . My friends did not say much about the sausage and stuff, but they sure seemed to like the beer. . . Great fun - great atmosphere. . . Huge place for huge crowds and loud drinking folks!!
We have been there twice now, once for lunch a few years ago and just recently for dinner. The food is very good and the beer is excellent. This last time the musicians were there and they provided a fun and entertaining evening.. We would go back again and recommend this venue.
So I came here with a group of friends and it did not disappoint. They have a live band that is flown in and the food is good. If you haven't figured it out, it's pretty much German food, so if you're into heavy meats, this is the place to go. Why 4/5 stars? We'll its a little bit on the pricy side ($20-$30) and it kind of took a while to get there. Maybe I was hungry but it just seemed like a while. It also gets pretty packed so make sure you make a reservation to save some time. Luckily for us, we did!
Good atmosphere, good food!
While having a stay-cation, my boyfriend and I walked around the area.  He had never been to Hard Rock so we walked over from the strip.  I have always wanted to go to the Hofbrauhaus and so when we were over we had to stop in.. . We sat down at the bar they have outside the restaurant and he got the hefeweizen and I just got their lager.  I loved the baby mug (10oz or .3L) that I got.  I have to go back one day after work and buy like 2 of them.  I have issues with these baby mugs!  The lager was good and light but I taste the hefeweizen and about had a heart attack!  It was the best hefeweizen I have ever tasted.  My boyfriend was going overthe food and was drooling.  He hasn't had German food since he was there so we made reservations to come back that night.. . We came back at 7pm and were seated right away.  Ordered each of us a liter of hefeweizen and pretzel and brie cheese app.  OMG the brie cheese concoction, delicious!!!  I just wanted to eat it alone it was sooooo good.  We shared the 3 different sausage plate which came with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.  We also ordered potato salad.  German potato salad is different, more vinegar, but still yummy.  The sausage was good too, one was my favorite but don't remember what was in it.  The food came out fast and the waitress are friendly even with crazy drunks around.  While we were eating they had a band playing traditional German music and also some American.. . They had girls going around spanking people, had a beer holding contest (1 Liter, not easy) and just a great time.  We have plans to go back again!!!  I need some hefeweizen!!!
If you're looking for a fun dinner place that is not too expensive, Hofbrauhaus is definitely a place to check out. I came here with my family the first day of our Vegas trip. The atmosphere is lively, with live bands and a paddle lady (and yes, you order the right drink you get a paddlin'). The beers are good, and if you choose, HUGE. The food is typical German food, very tasty. The only downside is that it is off the strip, so if you're not staying at the Hard Rock, you'll need a cab to get there.
I don't care that this is a chain restaurant, everything from the venue, to the food, to the waitresses screams authentic to me.  The high ceilings, communal tables and benches, live German music make this spot ideal for a family out for lunch, or a group of friends looking to get sloshed and spanked on the butt (which they will do when you order a shot of schnapps, oh yeah!). . I've had German food, but not in Germany, so it would be quite difficult for me to review the meal.  It boiled down to personal preferences for me.. I prefer my sauerkraut cold, not warm, and I prefer my schnitzel not to taste too.. "porky".  So if you aren't a full-blooded Bavarian chap, I suggest you stick to the sausages and steaks.  The apfelstrudel is really good with extra vanilla ice cream :)  . . P.S. If you you aren't feeling the communal main dining hall or the beautiful beer garten with blue skies, there's a tiny sports bar by the entrance where you can watch sports and still enjoy the bier.
I have been going to the original Hofbrauhaus since the 80's, and when I heard about the one in Vegas, I was a bit dubious, but I must say, it is very authentic. I lived in Munich for several years, and yes, while the Hofbrauhaus is very touristy, I still go there and enjoy the food, beer and ambiance. I find the Vegas branch sometimes tries a little too hard to be like the original, but the customers always seem to have a good time, and if I want a bit of peace, I will sit in the bar and eat there. . . The beer is absolutely like the beer in German, the pretzels are great and the bratwurst, while not perfect, are still outstanding. My favorite beer is the Hefeweizen, hard to find the real stuff in the USA.  I highly recommend this place to get your fix of Bavaria.
Zum Gluck gibt es das Hofbrauhaus in LV. Jeder der aus Deutschland kommt hat nach 3Tagen Bud,Bud light, Budweiser oder die ganze andere Plarre die man als Bier verkauft bekommt dermaen Ransenblitzen, so dass ein Weg ins gelobte Hofbrauhaus unausweichlich ist.. Das Bier ist lecker die Speisen durchweg schmackhaft die Bedienungen auf Zack und der Preis angemessen.Wenn man aber bedenkt dass man in den Hotels auf dem Strip zwischen 8 und 9 Bucks hinblattern muss um etwas zu bekommen auf dem Beer steht aber schmeckt wie geschwollene Fue, dannist das Bier im Hofbrauhaus recht gunstig.. Auf jeden Fall ist es zu empfehlen!!
Decided to give this place a try this trip into Vegas, having been to the original location in Munich on one of our trips to Europe. There are definitely aspects of this place that reminds me of the Munich hofbrauhaus, the decor, the band, the costumes and the booze. but here they offer 0.3 and 0.5L sizes in addition to the original 1L size for the beer.  Now for whats different: They have girls giving out "free" jager shots, for which they get to smack Ur ass with a paddle...HARD. That was definitely a Vegas-y touch. But the beer and food were pretty good, almost as good as in Deuchland :) .
This review is based solely on the really good Vegan Frankfurters they have here. First off, that was a surprise, to see they even had a Vegetarian section that also had Frankfurters! And were they good; they come with a tangy curry and a side of fries (you can sub for a salad if you want). . . Spidey and I came here to try out another German restaurant, and this one always comes up, so we thought, why not?. . The inside is made out to look like a German hall, complete with long tables were you are forced to sit close to strangers. It's a very nice place, very open and bright, but I can see that when they get busy, it would be very crowded. As it was a weekday afternoon, there weren't that many people there. . . So we got the radish dish to start, which is a work of art. They give you a mound of spiral radish and ones shaped like flowers amongst slices of buttered bread with chives. Really good.. . Spidey got some meat smothered in gravy with a dumpling that she really liked. For dessert we got the apple strudel and the black forest cake, all very good.. . The food was good, but the service lacked a lot here. Like I stated before, there were not many people here (less than 20) but we were there for well over 2 hours, waiting mostly for our things. The dessert was the worst part, because our waitress came over and asked if we had gotten it yet. No. We had not. So she had to go and get it, which took a very long time. . . I would go back just to have the vegan furters again, but other than that, I wouldn't.
At first, when I saw the $14 price for a hamburger, that was quite a sticker shock.  I decided to go with it because the waitress insisted it was a very large portion.  She did not exaggerate.  It's not quite $14 worth of hamburger (I have had that, and this aint it), but it is a very high quality hamburger at a very generous size.  Factor the extra you're paying toward the experience as you watch drunken idiots get spanked by a wooden paddle (not kidding).
Awesome place, bring a group of people and have fun. Awesome food / great beer!
Delicious German food, and a friendly staff. I'm not that big of a fan on German food to begin with, but me and a friend went here to get back to our roots and try the taste of Germany.. . The prices were a bit high, but being by the strip it's to be expected.
Great all around experience!  I'm half Germany so they do a great job at bringing oktoberfest to vegas everyday.  My food was really good and the pretzels are AMAZING!  Not a huge fan of german beer so it would be nice for them to offer something else for the people that don't drink german beer.  Whatever you do don't order the vienna sausage meal...its a couple hot dogs in a bowl of water.  The entertainment value and the pretzels are what keeps me going back.
Before coming here, there was a strong debate between the couple taking me. They were debating whether or not it was an appropriate place to take their pastor. For this young pastor from the midwest, the answer is absolutely! (Remember, pastors are people too). . The "town hall" atmosphere was really fun and kitschy and I loved all of the interaction between the staff and the diners. It was loud, crazy, German, and way too much fun! The food was also very good and hit that comfort zone. Anytime that I can have pretzels and beer is a solid day!. . ziggy zaggy, ziggy zaggy, oi, oi, oi!
What a fun place. Good German food, and pints of beer! If you can't get to Germany, then you need to check this place out. The waitresses wear the bar maid outfits, and are very fun and friendly. The community tables also make it fun.
Awesome place to enjoy some great German beer and traditional foods, all in a rowdy German atmostphere. The food is good but a little expensive and overpriced. Fast service and live entertainment were the best parts and you can get beers in 1 liter mugs. Music is a little loud though so this isn't the best place to have a business meeting or important conversation
It's a huge room (2 big rooms, actually) with huge German beers (and draft German beer = awesome tastiness).  The "indoor" room has the bandstand, so that's where the party is.  The "outdoor" (standard LV sky painted ceiling) has a working fountain and balcony, which look nice.  A great overflow/quiet room to escape any nuttiness in the main room.. . And let's be clear, this is Vegas (and America), so it's super fake and non-authentic (think Venetian), but it tries, the beer is awesome, and the food is good enough, so I'd be back.  If you think you'll be transported to Munich, take another look at the map and come back to Earth.. . Went on a Saturday afternoon with the wife and the daytime solo act was one of the best one-man shows I've seen in a while.  Funny, musical, interactive.  Oh, and toasts drinking often, in case you needed a reason.  Folks are looking to have fun and talk with each other (i.e., not a normal American bar), so that's a huge plus.. . I'll be back here again on a weekend night to try it out--yeah, it's that worth it.. . As for the food, the schnitzel isn't breaded (?!) and they charge for extra Jaeger sauce, which is stupid, but the spaetzle isn't bad and the Wien Wuerstl (Vienna sausage) is spot-on (with that special German snap).  The black forest cake is horrid, more like a Devil's food cake with a couple cherries, so avoid that at all costs.
Great German Food close to the Hard Rock hotel.
The most authentic German bar I've ever been to.. . The decor resembles Munich's famous Hofbrauhaus, for sure. While the Vegas climate is too hot to mimic a traditional biergarden, they have a beer hall inside, surrounded by a landscaped indoor biergarden, as well as more drinking rooms.. . This location obviously caters to tourists. It's across from HRH and UNLV, so the crowd here is typically younger.. . They import their beers from Munich. I believe they even brew some on-site.. . The food was good, but my only complaintwas it was very Americanized. Last I checked, fries were not part of German cuisine.. . If you buy a shirt, you can get paddled. I got paddled and it was AWESOME.. . The only downside was the price. $30 for a sandwich and a large beer? I'll pass on that. But it's Vegas, so you can make an exception for Hofbrauhaus.
Nothing to complain about..... Very fun spot!. Raucous crowd - all drinking good imported German beer. Live band and emcee! Just a fun night of waving 34 oz. beer steins around. . . The food was classic German and was very good. . . The beer is expensive for a pint, but it is almost 3-12oz. beers worth. . . If you have a large group and want to have some good, clean fun in Vegas, come here!!
The prices are a bit of a turnoff, but the food is definitely authentic!. . The wieners on my wurstplatte were composed of beef, pig, and two thin chicken ones. As soon as I was about to bite into my dinner, I was interrupted by the excited screaming of some random white dude who was getting spanked by a "German" mistress behind me.. . Yes, you heard that right. There are German Mistresses here with paddles, like those wooden ones you see that were meant spanking school girls. The mistresses wear the same exact uniform as the rest of the front staff, so I don't know if SHE was gonna spank me, the HOST was gonna spank me, or the BARTENDER was gonna grab the paddle and get wild on me.. . So I asked the guy serving me food and drink, "Is it normal?", and he told me it's somehow related to taking shots of Jagermeister that involves being paddled. . . Note to newcomers, never, ever, order a shot of Jager unless you are expecting some random female to grab a paddle and start paddling your ass away!
I come to Vegas about 4-5 times a year for work and finally made it into this restaurant!   We had a blast!   Perfect for a big group, and for being social and taking to people around u!   The food was great, live band, and fun servers!   But watch out for the sneak attack when u get spanked!   Some of those ladies played ball for sure!
It's a good place to go and have fun during Octoberfest. Beer and life band! Food 7/10 service 8.5/10 atmosphere 9/10  . Remember to have a shot and get spank!
This place is rowdy and awesome!
Always a good time. 1L beer steins are $15, which on the expensive side, but good strong beer. Food isn't great, but descent. Wide variety if sausages. We had some big pretzel thing with couple of mustards and a cheese dip thing. Chicken sausage was pretty good. Didn't really eat much. Oktoberfest beer was good, Hefeweizen was good as well. The spankings hurt less after a few liters if beer.
Now before anyone jumps on me about this is not a true beer hall or something like that, I too have visited the Hofbtauhaus in Munich Germany and though I was in Las Vegas this beer hall did bring back some very thoughtful memories. The beer hall is painted very similar to its German patriarch and the smell of German cooking filled the air. I started off with a 0.5l dunkle as did my wife and we ordered a sausage sampler. The order came with potato salad, sauerkraut and a pair of pretzels. With the exception of the pretzels which were well overcooked the meal was a great sampling of food. Half way through eating an entertainer arrived playing traditional German music and did a great job getting the crowd involved. We decided to order another round, this time I ordered 1.0l helles, and stayed to enjoy the show. We both had a lot of fun singing and raising our mugs. If you are looking for an escape from all the loud Las Vegas bars and restaurants and want a truly unique experience visit the Hofbtauhaus you will not be disappointed.
I love the atmosphere and the food was great, you get to sing and dance there if you aren't shy.
The main beer hall area is super fun!  There is also an indoor garden area but the main beer hall area is way funner!  They had a band and drinking games and cool entertainment.  Everyone participates by singing and cheering and just having a good time.  You sit at long tables with other people so be prepared to make friends.  The food is kind of expensive but it is good.  I was surprised they only had a few off their beers on the menu but the beer I had was good so it was ok.  I would definitely be come back.
This is a super fun place to take a group or for family fun. There was only 2 of us but we still had a great time! Love the open room and the band bringing everyone together singing and raising the steins! Makes me feel like we were in Germany! The Schnitzel was yummy and the German beir was fantastic!
FUN!!! Although we went at a time when it was a little dead in there, we made our own party. We ordered one of their beers n it was damn fine. . Got to listen to the polka band I believe(?).  Had drinks n enjoyed ourselves. Our server was very nice as was everyone in theplace. . We ordered the schnitzel and I was amazed at how crazy sounding it was-it was delish! Was just pork, breaded n fried. Came with a sweet, tangy plum sauce. . All in all a good time all around! I'll definitely be going back!!
If you've ever been to the Munich counterpart, you'll be delighted that they did not spare any details here. The ambiance is pure German. Here are some highlights:. . * Beer: Incredibly tasty. Comes in many sizes from a standard pint glass to a larger than life boot (not for the novice drinker). . * Service: Fantastic. Servers wear traditional lederhosen. . . * Price: After a few beers and a meal, this place can sneak up on you. I've eaten at a lot of places in Vegas and this was one of the more expensive bills I've faced.
