This is one of the "hottest" clubs (at least what everyone has told me) and it does seem like it every time I went. . . Club: There is a huge pool, tables indoors and outdoors, bar outside, and 2 bars inside. Dance floor in the middle. Gambling tables outside.. . Best night: Go Saturday night. A friend of mine went Sunday and said it was good but they give out free passes (gold) for Sunday and Monday nights (do not buy them). . . Getting in: Of course, easier with more girls. However, if you know someone, you can get the brown passes that get girls in for free. Guys always pay ($30-50 depending on night and time). Some people have also told me that girls even end up paying (they are that popular). Come early to get in.
The first thing to say about XS: the place is gorgeous. It is one of the largest nightclubs I have ever seen and the decor is amazing. The patio is what makes the place so great but it was freezing when I was there right after New Years so I didn't really get to experience it.. . I had gone right when the club opened (10pm) but the place filled up really fast! I was pretty surprised but then again, XS is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas right now.. . The dancefloor was empty for a bit but also filled up pretty fast and about half an hour after dancing a bit, some awesome high roller at a table started making it rain onto the dancefloor! Ok so it was only $1 bills but I made $36! He totally made my night. After the rain, everyone packed onto the dancefloor and the music got better so everything was awesome!. . The one thing about XS that I didn't like was that the bouncer that we talked to didn't know our promoter even though one of the other bouncers knew him. She wanted us to go to the back of the line and get a ticket and it was just so complicated. I was just annoyed because another bouncer had clearly recognized the name of our promoter but we had to pay extra to get in because this other woman didn't know him. Girls got in for free but guys had to pay the $30 cover. LAME. Make sure all the bouncers know your promoter!. . But it's no big deal because I made $36 anyway :)
This club is fabulous! from the ground you step on, to the ceiling you stretch your neck out to see. Geez... I love this club! It is very large, and yes it can get packed, but I love the fact that it opens out to the outside patio where a pool awaits you to dip your feet in. Mmm... so alluring... the bathroom lines are quick and gorgeous might I add. The bar tenders are okay, but that is everywhere. They play good music... top 40's and all type of mixes. This is one of my favorite clubs to go to.
Okay, we can all agree that this club is beau-ti-ful. Flashy, gaudy, and lives up to the Viva Las Vegas standard. Its great there is a inside and outside, easy for people to move back and forth when it gets too hot. . . Crowd-wise: I think this club attracts more beautiful people, which is definitely a plus for those looking for a good time? . . Not a fan of the music. They are good mixes but sometimes there are awkward moments where you dont really know what to do with yourself, like an extremely long build up to the good part of the song. You can only aimlessly fist pump for so long (jk, i dont fist pump, but you get the idea). . . Its definitely a club hot spot, ive gone back a couple times and I plan on continuing to go there. . . Oh, no guestlist but hotel guest at the Wynn gets priority. And that turned out to be AMAZING, because the line is long and endless.
Sooooooooooooo... my impressions for this place has changed. Whenever I come back here, its always way too crowded and also way too asian. I used to think TAO and Pure were the primary asian clubs, but XS has joined the ranks. They also close off the outdoor areas alot; I don't know if that's because I went to vegas often during the end of last year, but the weather wasn't THAT bad to close off half the club. That was probably the main reason why it was super crowded.. . Still a beautiful venue though, I'd still recommend it to anyone that hasn't ever been here just so you can say "you've been to XS".
GORGEOUS!!!. . This place is visually amazing and is a must do, if only once!!!  There is gold dripping from every inch and the servers and dancers are beautiful.. . I am not a big fan of clubs and am only a fan of XS in the off months.  This place is ginormous and during the summer months is so jammed pack full of people that I get uncomfortable.  However, during the winter months you can easily move around and get drinks, etc.  . . There are stripper poles by the table service and off to the sides.  We tend to hang out near these as it is always a blast to watch the drunken amateurs attempt their acrobatic feats!!!  The outside area is another favorite of ours as you can move more freely, but getting out there is an adventure as you have to squeeze your body through the dance floor.  However, once out there you have more options for bar, bathrooms, and even gambling.  The outside area is pool centric and towards the end of the evening people always end up dancing in the pool.. . While XS is not a favorite Vegas club of mine, I do highly suggest EVERYONE check it out at least once!!!  (We even drug my Aunt and Uncle here who are in their 50's just to see it!!!)
This place is great on a regular weekend, but spring break weekends and other types of holidays, XS would be the last place for me to go. . . I'm just going to be fair as it is and give this place 4 stars because, it's actually quite fun if you're not sharing sweat with strangers in the bar or just walking to your table. Cool environment and you just gotta love the outdoor swimming pools.
4.5 Stars.. . The nicest club I've ever been to.  Pretty big dance floor, gogo dancers, lot oftables for bottle service and multiple bars. I always had a good time.. . On a standard weekend, the line is extremely long, so it'll take you forever to get in and sometimes the cover can go as high as $50. Even though XS is big and it extends into the pool area, it gets pretty crowded and it becomes difficult to navigate.. . Suggestions:. XS is so much better on weekdays because it's not as crowded, but there are still a good amount of people. It also doesn't take as long to order drinks on weekdays.  . . On weekends, If you don't have a table, go early, get the stamp and return later.
XS you are so boss for making it rain (every night?) on schedule! We left the club with our cab money =). . Gorgeous pool exterior as everyone knows. The place is huge, plenty of dancefloor space. Booth service is more fun outside by the pool. Haven't been here during the summer yet...can't wait for their pool events!
I really like XS.  Of all the clubs in Vegas, I have to say that XS is one of the best.  It is pretty hard to get into XS on Friday and Saturday nights unless you know someone and have connections.  XS only had guest lists on Sunday and Monday nights.  I went on a Saturday night and it was packed! It was sooo crowded. . . The inside is very well set up.  I wish the dance floor was a bit bigger.  The drink are pricy.  I had a Midori sour, which was really good, was $12.  Shots were around $7.  . . I image clubbing in the summer will be off the hook.  Not that many people were outside because it was cold, but once summer weather hits, more people will be outside enjoying the warmth and the beautiful pool.  The service is great, the club is very clean, and the decor is pretty.  . . I would definitely come back to XS the next time I am in vegas.
wow, xs is breathtaking when you first walk in! the atmosphere is awesome and its totally worth it to come here at least once!  . a word of advice, its worth it to come early and get in line, even if you wait forever! you'll pay less and at least get in for sure!  plus they have reentry so super convenient if you are staying close by!
This place was seriously the business. I barely danced at all and it didn't even matter. I mostly sat outside on one of those lounge bed thingies in the pool and just effing loved life. Honestly it was just sooooo chill. However, there was this cute Australian guy out there and we danced a little with our feet in the water. One highlight: him saying "I don't dance... I boogie." Lololol love it. . . Like so many Vegas clubs, it seems, the dance floor was a mess. I liked the idea/setup of it, but you could hardly groove for 3 seconds before someone bumped into you, shoved past you, or knocked you off-balance. Which is a little awkward and unfortunate when you're trying to dance with a guy. It's really not conducive to any kind of sexy times at all.. . But the worst part (for me) was leaving the dance floor to go out back for the first time because there was literally a row of men leaning against this railing like they were just WAITING to be creepy. I immediately diverted my eyes, but of course, what would Vegas be without various audacious men who try to grab you as you walk by?. . Also, lots of Asians if you're into that.
I've enjoyed XS each time I've been.. . PROS: . - gambling IN the club! This is great for when you get there early to beat the lines.. - lots of outdoor seating. - HOT TUBS to soak your feet after dancing too long in 4+" heels. - beautiful venue. . CONS:. - $$ cover. $20 for girls, $30 guys, even on a SUNDAY.. - music needs more variety! It sounded like the DJ got bored and had a playlist on repeat. I guess when you're buzzing you don't notice much.... - CROWDED. Shorties get stepped on :(. - $$$ drinks (~$20 for "normal" drinks... $105 for 3 Macallan 18s... but that's a separate story ;] )
XS is very prestiges. . its always great to have a connections in Vegas especially when it comes to clubs..Shouts to BJ Hollero for the hook up and VIP treatment. . XS is a massive club with beautiful women everywhere music bumping and full of GoGo dancers as all clubs do but this is top notch. . the club opens up into an outdoor pool and lounge. . whenever im in sin city XS is always on top if the list
Nice club, easy to get in on Friday night at 1AM haha.. . Mixed drinks are ~$13, and the people here are younger than other clubs for sure.. . Lots of tables, and it opens up to a really nice pool lounge area.
Prior to this weekend here in Vegas, or specifically XS, I really hated clubs. Okay, maybe not hated but if it was my birthday, it definitely wouldn't have been something I wanted to, drunk or sober, because I never really liked dancing. With the right amount of booze, that reluctance for the most part, levitates away with ease at XS, with the atmosphere, the music, and the personable ease at which we walked into the club. I felt comfortable and only paid $20 to get into the club, versus Haze, the other club that we went to in Vegas, which was $40. The crowd was pretty racially diverse as a different user pointed out, and for the fellas (or ladies) that are single and curious, the eye-candy is much better here than at Haze. . . The music for the most part, focuses on trance and house, with a little bit techno, remixing some popular songs from American top 40, as well as British top 40. I heard a few classic electronica songs as well, like Iio's Rapture, and Paul Oakenfold's Starry Eyed Surprise, so make sure that's your cup of tea before you enter the club. I don't know how hard it is to get into the club but I went with 9 girls, so there was not a problem. It seems some of the more negative reviews are just complaining about the music or a bad personal experience that was specific to that day.. . I would write more about this place (and really want to) but honestly, I was just pretty damn drunk, having an amazing time, and thoroughly enjoying everything. Maybe that skews the review a little, but compared to experiences at Haze and Tao, this place deserves its five-star rating. I'll be heading back to Vegas for my birthday with my friends and this spot will definitely be one of the clubs that we'll be returning to. Definitely the classiest club that I've ever been to.
The doormen were quite friendly! At the time I only had my passport which expired in 2009 and they still let me in with no problems. . . Coat check was only $5 so I was very happy about that seeing as how I would be spending a lot more money on drinks. This venue is very spacious and has a dark chic feel to it with it's velvety interior and dimmed lights. There was a pool lounging area outside but since it's winter, they had that blocked off but you can still see how big the place is with the glass walls. . . I bought one French Connection (cognac/amaretto) and I was gone! It was well worth the $20 I spent on it because that bartender had a heavy hand. . . I went on a Sunday night and it was pretty much all hip hop music which I very much enjoyed. Although, the crowd was probably like late 20's, early 30's.. . I remember trying to leave the club wasted and one of the security guards inside by the doors suggested I should sit down til I sober up a little bit. I thought that was extremely nice of him to do since he had no responsibility over me, it's Vegas! You can do pretty much whatever, and he helped me out.
One of my favorite night clubs anywhere. I prefer Sundays or Mondays versus Friday or Saturday, slightly more sophisticated crowd. . The music and atmosphere are allways great.
Been here a few times & every time was a gooood time.. . I like being outside more than I do inside, but that's just me.  Being by the pool is nice & there are heat lamps outside, so you're not cold.  Plus, there's just a bunch of people everywhere that its hard to not be.. . Inside is just as fun...  a bit more crowded though.  I've always ran into a friend when there - which is crazy for being how large it is.. . Great vibe & energy from the crowd.
We came here for my cousin's bachelor party.. . It was everything you'd expect to from a Vegas Nightclub on strip. Loud and fun music, girls in skimpy outfits.  GoGo girlies, Mini stages for drunk and trashy girls to go dance on.. . Not really sure what else to say... We had fun... We spent a lot of money, at 4am, I drunkenly decided that I wanted brunch from a place that wasn't open and got thrown out by hotel security... But we had fun...
I usually always have fun in Vegas. Places like this make it that much better. It's very crowded all the times I've been there, maybe even a little too crowded. It's hard to even dance on the dance floor. The ambiance is very nice especially on a warm summer night. We always dip our feet in the pool from standing in heels all night. I think my friend actually got kicked out from dipping her whole body one of the times she came. Probably not a good idea.
VERY nice place...expensive drinks and expensive for guys who are not locals.... Some bartenders make the drink too strong here.  Maybe i shouldn't have tipped so much cuz i think that if i tip them big, then they'll make my drink stronger...you know, more for my money type of deal?
Music could be better(i prefer more hip hop, top 40s), but the ambiance and hot go go dancers make up for it.  A must do it is bottle service, but thats any where in vegas...
Wow, XS was nice.  . . Having flown across the country to get to Vegas, I was happy that my friends wanted to stay in the Wynn (where we were staying) and go to XS. . . Great place. Half lounge, half club and there's music, so you can dance if you want. Totally not crowded on a Friday night at all either. What was really cool was going outside to their outdoor pool, with heated lamps outside...oh it was gorgeous.. . No matter if you want to dance or just hang out with friends, XS is a cool place to be. The music was okay, but still a solid crowd of people as well (although it did seem there were a lot of college age people out? I got hit on by a 21 year old). . . Nonetheless, worth the stop!
What can I say, do you really need a Yelp review to read how sick this place is? Just -1 star, because I expect phenomenal service when I'm throwing down for bottle service/ tables! And the employees there get a bit sketchy about this...
This is one of the larger clubs. They have a great outdoor area. There are plenty of seats outside without having to ge bottle service. Yeah, the wait is kind of long but its worth it once you get in. Ladies can kick off their heels and dance in the pool. They also have blackjack tables at the ouside bar located at the end of the pool.
Beyond words. Beautiful club. I'd give it five stars but the music sucked. You don't dance here... you kinda just.... jump.... . tip - If you're on a budget, stay home.
Like everything else at the Wynn/Encore this place is remarkable. Since we were staying at the hotel we didn't have to wait on the line. Thank God bc by 11pm it's a mile long.. . Drinks are super expensive- but then again, name a place that's worth going to in Vegas where they're not. But they're worth it bc they're oober strong. Decor is top notch. Great crowd for the most part.. . My only problems were:. 1. The bouncer didn't believe my license was really mine bc I'm a few pounds heavier in it. Calm down there buddy... it's called a bad breakup AKA: Ben & Jerry's.. 2.  A poor little frat boy got kicked out despite paying for bottle service because he fell asleep on the couch.. 3.  I saw too many girls that shouldn't be dancing on poles.. dancing on poles.  ::shudders:: Ewwww.
Overall, beyond words, beautiful club, hot female staff, best club in Vegas, must see. . --Guys, get in line at or before 9:30 and you should get in w/o any issues (line moves fast). --$30 not all that bad of a cover for males. --Bartenders work fast (didnt have to wait too long...when we were there on Sat) . --Dance floor is way small for the size of the crowd. --DJ likes to repeat    -one star. --Nice outside pool area (nice to get fresh air and get off the dance floor). --Bouncers we cool and very quick to react to any issues. --Crowd is 80%  20somethings
Atmosphere: One of the prettiest nightclubs I've ever been too. Crowd is diverse, which was nice. Lots of tables, and a BEAUTIFUL PATIO that you can walk around. So much space, but then again, you can't really sit in too many areas unless you paid for it. I don't know...the place is pretty.. . Service: Got there early, so we didn't have to wait too long. Our guest list sign ups got mixed up though, so the guys still had to pay the $30 cover fee (girls got in for free). I don't know...the place is pretty.. . Music: Decent dancing music. Transitions between songs were done pretty well. I don't know...the place is pretty.. . Drinks: Didn't buy any, sorry! I'm sure they're expensive though? I don't know...the place is pretty.. . Fun thing: Happen to be there on a night when some guy made it rain. IT WAS AWESOME. My guy friends ended up reimbursing themselves for the cover charge. I don't know...the place is pretty.. . Overall: Above average nightclub. I don't know...the place is pretty.. . Did I mention how pretty the place was?
If I was reviewing this club 2 years ago, I would probably be giving it a full 5 stars and my whole hearted recommendation. Things have changed only slightly over the years, but XS still remains one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.. . This was the hot spot to be at a couple years ago. Usually with that though, clubs would be incredibly tough to get into. This was not the case for XS; as long as you got in line early, or just waited. The nicest thing about XS is that even if you were to go early, you could just get stamped, leave, and come back without hassle when its poppin off. This is especially good if you're staying at the hotel, since you can go back up to your room and get sloshed on the cheap. Another thing I've heard you can do is buy a pre-sale entry if you're staying at the hotel so that you can just walk in; never triedit though.. . Now, what's changed over the years is that now it's just not THE place to be. While the quality of the crowd is still good, it just isn't what it used to be. Seems like the females have gravitated more towards Marquee and Surrender; but that's not saying I haven't my fair share of good looking women here in recent history. . . I'll still probably goto XS until they tear the place down, but only if I can't get into Surrender or Marquee first.
Went to XS on a Monday night with myself and two other friends. Used a host from the website jackcolton.com and he replied quickly and was very nice and up front quoting us at 1 bottle min starting at 450. Confirmed with him the day of and went to the VIP line and gave my name and his name. The guy at the door confirmed minimums and we were in the club in matter of minutes. The other reviews don't lie, the place is amazing and huge. Our waitress/busser/security were on top of everything and never felt rushed or that anything shady was going down like you hear about sometimes. Tip was not included but we gave her over 20%. The crowd varied by age but mostly younger good looking crowd. The music was a blend of top 40, house, with some old school throw backs which I loved. When it was time to leave security even took us through a different exit so that we didn't have to fight the crowd out. Bottle service was the way to go and worth it. -1 Star because the pool was not open on Monday night and also XS raised the bar so high that I expect all clubs to look and be as great when I am in Vegas now but they are always compared to XS and disappointing *cough* the bank *cough*
Minus the $4,000 my group paid for the table, this place is legit.. . I've been here before, and I'm really glad we got bottle service. We had a large group but we didn't have to wait in line. The line was HUGE, I don't know how long it would have taken without it. . . This place is perfect in the spring when its not too hot or too cold. I can't imagine what it must be like in the Winter when its freezing outside. It's pretty much set up to be like an indoor/outdoor venue at the same time. When you first walk through the door you see the whole place, its beautiful, words just check out my photo. They also have a massive pool  with cabanas around it with multiple bars outside. Unfortunately they play top 40 like like most other places, I would prefer house music.. . Bottom line, I had a great time... and you will too!
XS is a fun club! It's definitely one of my favorites in Vegas! Went here twice last year! (yea my group of friends liked it that much).. . The music is really good both nights we went, and the crowd was alright as well. It does get pretty packed, but what do you expect? it's one of the hottest spots in Vegas.. . I'll be coming back by the end of the month!
Sexy. Awesome vibe.  . . Do not be afraid of the ginormous line outside of the club as the line will move quickly and you'll be in the club in no time.  . . It is beautiful inside.  If you can actually focus on the decor for a minute and ignore the sudden urge to dance and drink, then youcan appreciate how intricate and pretty it really is inside.  There is an obvious trendy Asian theme going on, with huge butterfly-like fans littered cross the ceiling.  Super trippy.  The booths are really nice and large if you're into the bottle service gig.  The restrooms are awesome and huge, complete with tons of bathroom stalls and mirrors to check up on your makeup or check how your butt looks in that skank-ho dress--I know I did!  Be sure to check out the patio and the pool since I've heard raving reviews about it.  I, however, was too inebriated to saunter outside and squeeze through a dance floor of hot, gyrating people.  . . The music is great.  The DJ really knows how to get the crowd pumped up and won't switch to new songs every fifteen seconds. The dance floor is large, if my memory serves me correctly, but it fills up quickly after midnight.  Don't fret, there is bound to be a space for you to get your groove on the dance floor. . . The bars are super packed with people barking out orders so it  can be a daunting task trying to purchase your libations (This is when bottle service comes in handy.  Unfortunately, not all of us are baller like that.  Sad face. Sigh!).. . The crowd is sexy,  beautiful people everywhere and only here!. . Overall, this is my favorite club in Vegas thus far.  I have yet to go to others.  Stay tuned.
I was there with my girlfriends this past weekend and it was all sorts of fun. There were points where it was crowded as hell but that's Vegas for you. The decor was nice and it was put together well (I'm really picky when it comes to stuff like that). For those who don't have a table reservation or cabana, you kind of just have to balance on the little tile corners surrounding the tables if you really need to sit. The bathrooms are VERY clean, which is a plus. Also, there's some poles for people to dance on. Okay, I'm all about having a good time but there are some people who should NOT be getting on that thing. Enough about that. HAHAHAHA. . The music was cool. They played a lot of current stuff but mixed techno-ish stuff with it, which kind of forced me to fist pump the whole night (not my style but whatever; I'll Jersey it up I guess.) There would be a really dope song that would pop up once in a while but then it'd be cut short and I'd be like "damn, womp wah!" The gold dressed dancers were working it on the speakers but the black sequined dressed dancers near the tables looked super bored. The dance floor goes outdoors which is nice because if you need a breather, you just need shuffle/push/shimmy your way out and you get fresh air. . . One gripe though.  After waiting in line for a good hour, we got to the front when we say we're on the list (via online). Then the guy sends us around to get in the "Guest List" line. So we walk around, U-turn it back to where we were just standing but on the other side of the rope (did that even make sense?) Anyway, he then tells us with the guest list online reservations, we still pay (which is fine) but what was the point of making us walk around then if we were going to pay anyway; so frikkin weird LOL. . . FYI: There is coat check for $5 :]
Came here recently for a Bachelor party weekend! Came  early around 9 pm cause it gets packed and im not a girl. . . The place is dope, huge dance floor with go-go dancers to match, multiple bars, cabanas, private tables, pools, and casino tables outside with a private bar. The place is all about excess, they only sell double shots of VSOP and no plain ol' VS (You Henny drinkers know what im talking about). The place is definitely a good spot to check, it wasn't as cracking as Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, but definitely a spot to be at!. . Cover was about $30/head, lines can get long so come early, and be ready to see lots of hot girls :)
I purchased a VIP cabana here on a saturday night and I had the time of my life. Service was excellent. The music was very good.
nice club, pop bottles is a must, especially if you're a group of dudes. and if you do, tip the man and get a table inside.. . need more bathrooms cause the area in front is not moving, people are gonna get trampled one day. not much else to say.
The Staff were Great, Music was even better, Club had a great look. The only problem I had was the lack of dance floor space. I know that the club makes its money from the tables but 4 of the 5 hour I was there I was dancing not on my ass.
I was at this spot last month for work, of course I did some play when I was in Vegas, who would not? None the less, the place has nice size and you the entrance is different, because you walk down steps to enter the club. Note, this place is in the Wynn Casino and given the decor of the casino, the club matched, but I guess I expected a little more. Hence, I am not quite giving a full 5 starts, but more than 4 stars is how I would rate the club. That night there was a good vibe and atmosphere. You will have no problem in moving about in this club, even with the crowd being large and and it was packed (again, this was a Monday night), so no matter where you are at you will find your groove as you set up as you examine how and who you want to have a good time with. . . The dance floor is right in the middle of the club, which is nice so no matter where your at you can turn and always be looking at the floor. The music was a little on the loud side, which I guess is a good thing, cause you will have to lean forward to who ever you talking to because and based on their reaction you will know how interested they are in you. . . Something that caught me by surprise(but its the Wynn), was in the pool area off the club, had this woman dancing on a small island to the music, I am going to assume that she was there all night. I had a few drinks and they had could have been a little stronger. The staff was quick with service both the bar (strongest drink that night)  and the waitresses that moving through out the club where ready to take your order. That night the crowd was a little you for me and I am sure the the next time I am in Vegas, I will return to see if the vibe would be different.
The 1000+ positive reviews have probably already covered everything I could ever say about this place. For a more relaxed atmosphere, visit its lounge counterpart, Surrender, which is located right across the way.. . Best effing nightclub I've ever experienced. The Messiah of nightlife! How am I ever going to appreciate Arizona clubs ever again? Thanks a lot, XS.
Was here over the weekend.  The doormen have a little bit of attitude and they could use a few more bartenders.  Other than that the music and crowd were great.  Check it out one night and you'll have fun.
Look up Las Vegas Mega Club in a dictionary (or on google for those who don't know how to use a dictionary) and odds are you will get XS.  In my mind, XS is the definition of a Vegas Mega Club with the huge crowds, loud/bumping music, good looking people everywhere you look, and huge long lines.  However, the lines move really fast once the doors open (I have never waited more than 30 mins, the door guys have this down to a science!).  Beyond the Vegas usuals, the thing that makes things great about XS is the ability to bust out on craps or black jack at the gaming tables INSIDE the club and bust out with the opposite sex all in on night; or if you are on a hot streak, luck out on both counts.  Also, the random people jumping in the pools is always fun and an experience (girls get away with it, guys get escorted straight out the door).. . If you are a Vegas Virgin, I definitely recommend going to XS to pop your Vegas Club Cherry.
This club is humongous.  There's a pool area outside with tables and a really nice, and the night we were there we actually saw a bunch of guys from America's Best Dance Crew that were having a dance battle outside.  So cool.  The inside is pretty fun, it's just this one massively huge dance area.  It is not as fantastic as everyone says it is, I'd say it's slightly overrated, but I can't deny that I had a great time there.
Deadmau5 was the celebrity DJ at XS this past Sunday night for the MDW lineup but unfortunately I was unable to see his performance.. If you didn't buy tickets in advance or know a promoter you were pretty much screwed! The event was sold out and the guestlist line was super long but luckily we arrived early enough to get in for free [: They just released their night swim event where the pool area is open outside of the club and the decor was just mind blowing.. This is definitely one of the best looking clubs I have ever been to! They had Manufactured Superstars spinning for the majority of the night before Deadmau5 arrived but I left before he began his session.. The Manufactured Superstars DJs were amazing but it was all house music so if you're not a fan of that then you will have a hard time dancing sober.. I am new to this genre of music so I stayed for a little while but never actually got into the swing of things.. The club was packed and you literally couldn't move much without hitting someone next to you, and there were many guests adorned with glowstick mouse ears in celebration of Deadmau5's performance.. I would probably return here on a night where the music is more of a variety rather than just one genre..
When my girlfriends and I visited XS on a Saturday night we met an Asian TV star and a New Orleans group of guys who were friends with an executive of Encore.  Needless to say we had a fabulous evening.
The only reason why I'm writing a review on this is because I love the drinks here. It's weird because you would go to a bar instead of a club and rave about their drinks but XS just hits the spot. . . I had my first White Russian here and the one back home in Cali did not taste the same at all. My girlfriends and I would have to agree on this. . My friend had someone buying her a drink so she got the Tokyo Tea because she wanted to get hammered fast. We all hate that drink because it's pretty strong. But dude, XS did it right once again. They make THE best Toyko Tea ever. It really is one of most dreadful drink but here, they make me crave it!. . It's a great club to go to, a lot of GQ guys for us girls, good music and perfect for summer. XS hosts 'Night swim' every Sundays too as well, so make sure you come here in your swim gear!  I come here every single time I visit Vegas which is very often. See you during EDC weekend! ;D
Top tier club on the strip. If you're a guy have a hookup or a harem, otherwise download a new game onto your phone that will keep you occupied for a few hours!. This place is gorgeous, the people are mostly gorgeous and the layout is immense. The first time I walked in, down those front stairs, I couldn't help to feel a bit glamorous.. Dress your best, I've never understood why people insist on rocking up to clubs wearing flip flops and boardshorts, and then acting as though some great injustice has been perpetrated upon them as the bouncer denies entry. . Be prepared to take out predatory loans for drinks...you gotta pay for the decor somehow. The bar's always busy, and if you have enough friends table service might be worth it. Otherwise tip well...which you should be doing anyway. . The music's a great mix, and there's always some crazy visuals thrown in. . Minus one star for drink prices and general cool person to douchebag ratio.
I'm one of those people who wouldn't normally be caught dead in a Vegas nightclub, but XS was tons of fun.  Came here with four other guys, so we knew we had to get bottle service to get in. Thankfully my friend had a contact here, so the price was right. There were loads of trollopy looking girls assembled near the entrance, trying to get in on some hapless dudes' bottle service. One of these girls was literally sucking on a lollipop (!!).... For shame!  . . On our way in, a bouncer made a crack about us only getting one bottle for "eighteen guys."  Whatever dude - we all know at the end of the night you go home to a trailer park in Paradise.   . . This was XS' pool party so everything was outside.  The people looked good and the setup was definitely nice, but I felt a little overdressed.  For a regular night the blazers and suits we were wearing would have probably worked, but I guess not at the pool party. Steve Aoki was the dj that night and house fans were going nuts but the cabana area was just chill. Somehow my party roped girls into coming to our room but these girls weren't the "stop and go hoes" I was expecting - they were actually nice.  The clientele seems to be relatively classy (for Vegas).  . . Our cabana was on the second floor.  Some stupid girl had brought in a water gun and thought it would be cute to spray us throughout the night. Somehow I mustered the self control not to grab the nearest bottle of cranberry juice and dump it all over her, which no doubt would have gotten us kicked out.  But I did throw a cup of ice at her (!), after which her guido boyfriend sat next to her and sent scowls my way.  Dude, don't be jealous just because you're down there among the peasants.  . . Suffice to say, XS was fun and definitely worth going back to.
After having a horrible night at Chateau the night before, XS was a welcome breath of fresh air.  Yes, we had to wait in line - but it went quick.  Yes, we had to pay cover.  But I would still do it all over again.  There was enough room on the dance floor that I wasn't getting stomped all over.  Shot girls walked by so that I didn't have to trek to the bar.  The people were friendly and it was never too hot.  I would definately suggest this club!
This club was dope!!!!! We came here for our friends bachelor party and our jaws dropped when we saw the pool area. We got to XS super early because we had a table reserved and wanted to scope the place out before it got packed. If you reserve a table you have your own server that comes to mix your drink to your liking, which was cool to me. The pool area is sick with plenty of private areas or tables by the pool. You can get your dance on on the huge ass dance floor that curls around to the outside of the pool area, chill out by the pool, or lose some more money playing blackjack or poker. The bouncers in Vegas are so much cooler than the douche bags here in the H. The bachelor was drinking from early in the afternoon until we got to the club so he was pretty f'd up by the time we got there, then adding crown and patron didn't help. My boy could barely stand and the bouncer saw that and kicked him out (30 mins of us arriving there) but we explained that we were from Houston and it was his bachelor party. The bouncer marked him with a stamp and said he was cool to come back it if he sobers up and the mark will let him back in with no line, he didn't have to do that and the majority of the Houston bouncers wouldn't of. We meet some peeps in Vegas and the club was full capacity and the bouncer did everything to try to get our friends in but the club was full capacity, another cool move. The service was second to none, the staff was friendly, the crowd was dope too. The only reason that it loses one star is because I like house music and all but it starts sounding the same after a while, a little hip hop would've help. Next trip to Vegas we are definitely stopping here.
The security are jerks. DJ was pretty good, the whole club is absolutely beautiful. Cover charge was a bit pricey for guys, seriously, what's new? Poor guys. :( Gogo dancers were pretty. . . There are cabanas, tables, & pools. It's a pretty awesome club, although the dance floor can get incredibly packed. Thank goodness for the area behind the dance floor!
No matter how sick I am of this club, I always find myself coming back here. The drinks they make here is awesome. Thats one of the reason why you would find me coming back here. . . You know how a tokyo tea taste like? That disgusting strong malibu taste? well imagine the tokyo tea they made here is like a midori with just the right amount of alcohol. You dont taste too much of it nor too little. My friend's white russian and screwdriver was not so bad either. Their shots are what got us fucked up but when we downed our mixed drink, my friend just ktfo.   We were close to getting kicked out, but we were leaving anyways. (You could even see the security tailing us as we were making our way to the exit.) Even when we're having a bad night, coming back here to XS sure turned our nights around. oh I also want to point out that xs drinks are actually pretty cheap compared to other clubs. I went to surrender and got two drinks and it came out to be 35 bucks. xs, we got 6 shots, 4 mixed drinks for the price of 118.. . Alot of pretty people sure come here. It's a great club to mingle, and my friends sure know how to make use of that. =)
this is the spot.. if ur not into strip clubs.. XS is the place to find ur gurl!!!
I love this place, however 1 star is lost due to the lack of outdoor dancing space in the summer. People just end up lounging and sitting down, which is no fun when you can be dancing! Theres also no poles outside, haha! . . I've been here in the winter and the summer. Wintertime gets packed inside because its too cold to go outside. Summertime its so hot outside that no one really chills inside. Figures, right? Drinks are EXPENSIVE! 2 mixed drinks for $30, 3 shots of Patron for $50. Theres also a $20-25 minimum credit card purchase so buy a pretty lady a drink or double fist it! . . BIG $ SAVING TIP: They have ins & outs. Come early enough, get stamped, go to the slots, find a waitress and get some FREE drinks! Tip her of course because you're saving so much money sitting there playing slots. The slots are really close by too. . . If you get on the right VIP guestlist, guys get in for FREE.. which is always trouble for us ladies ;) Set yourself up with a good promoter who can hook you up. . . As for attire, call and check! When I went in this past Sunday, people were dressed really fancy and/or swim attire! What the heck, right?
I love XS. . . I'm not a fan of the indoor portion of the club. In fact, I'd probably avoid it in there altogether because it gets relatively stuffy and crowded.. . But the outside.. the outside area is amazing. There's so much room to roam and frolic when the mood suits you, and what's even better is that there's tons of places to relax your feet without bouncers telling you that it's a bottle service only area.. . They have so many tables that initially they ushered us to a daybed/ enclosed area right amidst the pool. After that area got sold, they gave us our own cabana. And their cabanas are impressively large. Granted, I'm sure that us being 25 girls was likely a large determining factor. . . Even club-o-phobes can appreciate the less pretentious atmosphere that envelopes XS. Everyone's too busy having fun amongst their group to even prowl the crowd. We were able to  enjoy each other's company without having to swat douchebages away. . . Outstanding design. I'm blown away with how well this club is put together.  Oh and TONS of beautiful girls. The guys are meh.
Been a couple times but last Sunday was nuts! This is a place to see & be seen, foreal! It's a place where you get to see just about everything Vegas has to offer... my wife & I just kick back and gotta laugh at some of the naughty things we've seen here, especially on the dance floor.. Great venue but they really shouldn't have placed the DJ booth in-between the dance floor and pool view. It cut off one of the major veins to outside so the side door was one big traffic jam.. Cover is $30 for girls & $50 for guys but you can talk your way down if you got females with you (unless they're fugly!), just see one of the line hosts. Also try to find passes on the strip, which may or may not work. The line is usually long but it moves swiftly and be prepared to WAIT for drinks too. If you find the right spot on the inside dance floor ceiling AC vents will point right at you... find those spots!
I actually wanna give XS 4.5 stars, it would've been 5 if I hadn't encountered this blonde haired douche bag in a suit yesterday night who was directing the line. He was soooo rude. I was taken back because XS is, in my opinion, the best club in Vegas, and this asshole had no place working in an upscale club like XS. On top of usually nice staff and beautiful decor, they play really good music and I've never had a better time in Vegas anywhere else.. . I been to XS, Idk how many times now, but going there is a MUST! XS has a more sexy feel than the other clubs. Definitely somewhere you wanna wear your best LBD at.
I danced on a pole and now my friends have incriminating pictures of me.. . Other than that, beeeeautiful venu and fun fun times.
This place is pretty awesome. . . Went here on Saturday night to blow it up one final time in Vegas. Since we stayed at the Encore, you can pay for line passes and side-step the chaos. As mentioned by another Yelper, it did feel so damn good to cut in front of the mile long line and go straight in. . . Dance floor is a nice size but like any club in Vegas eventually it gets packed. Plenty of stripper poles for the girls to do their thing. Two Vietnamese girls got on the pole and ask my girl to join in, she was too sheepish but it would have been great if she did. . . I also liked the fact, if you need a break from the action inside the club, you could go outside. It's still crowded outside but more space for you to breathe. But also there's chairs and ledges you can sit on. Plus, the girls can dip their feet in the pool. . . The one thing that stops it from being perfect...the music. For me, a tad too much techno/electronica/dance etc. If the DJ mixed in some more hip-hop beats, it would have been sublime. . . What makes this place memorable for me is that I saw the greatest thing ever. As the GF and I was weaving through the dance floor. A little, cute old Vietnamese lady ,that resembled my mom, was being escorted hand-in-hand by a pack of hot ass blondes and dark-hair brunettes through the dance floor. I yelled out at her upon this sight of incrediblness and she even heard me. Bless her small, club going heart... . . So...Decor, sexy & gorgeous. Scenery, sexy & gorgeous. Bartenders, sexy & gorgeous. Service was sexy and attentive. . . Been wanting to go here for awhile. I finally got the chance on our final night in Vegas, it didn't disappoint. . . Grab your credit card & cash then go here.
I celebrated one of my friend's 21st birthday here the weekend of Easter and it was PACKED. The line was miles long (ok, not really but long enough to make your feet hurt just walking to the end of the line) but thank god I was in a group of 5 girls, we didn't wait at all in line and got in for free.. . It was most of our first time experiencing nightlife in Vegas and we were all excited to check out what all the hype about this place was about! I must say, it was such a surprise to see how packed with people it was compared to Surrender which we were there just few hours before.. . . The music was good and the interior decoration was amazingly beautiful! It kind of sucked that these Vegas clubs do not offer many places to sit unless we buy tables... Because I think we can all agree that running around and dancing in heels all night is not really the best feeling in the world. But beauty is pain, it's just what us girls must do, haha!
One of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  Love the open layout.  My friends and I ALWAYS have a good time here.  Music is great.  Beautiful crowd.  I prefer the spacious set up vs. musty indoor clubs with lots of stairs.  Stairs can be dangerous for us girls with heels... . Anyways, check it out!
I'm only a fan because I like the venue BUT if you're coming from the bay area... I think you will be disappointed at the music selection for the first few hours of the night. The DJ doesn't start playing mainstream songs until 12:30-1am. Most clubs are like that over here. . Guys, don't try to go on a Saturday with only the homies unless you have bottle service or know somebody that can hook it up. We went last week and we had 10 guys and 3 girls. The general admission by the way is changed now. It's on the other side of the hotel rather than in the middle (that has become the bottle service line). General admission enters outside the pool area. The guys in our group had to pay $100 to the promoter so that us girls can get us in for free and then pay additional $30 at the door. Otherwise, girls have to pay $20 on Saturdays, unless, you're HOT, then yea, you don't have to worry about it. . Going to school in Vegas, we don't have time to go out as much and we avoid the strip as much as possible because of traffic. I have only been into this club twice (once back in January, which by the way, it is a very good time to go since NOBODY is there until midnight-ish). . Overall, LOVE the ambiance but the music selection could be better.
Very beautiful and lavish club! Both the Wynn & Encore have two of the best clubs in Vegas. It's a must for any Vegas clubber to visit and experience the sin city night life. Xs sets the bar with most night clubs in Vegas and lives up to it's name. Only problem is drinks are expensive, and indoor is a little small with very little room to dance anywhere unless you got table service or are outside by the beautiful patio poolside. I was expecting a little more as far as the older rap music on a Saturday night. I would come back on another night and hope I experience dancing to a different DJ.
Who doesn't love to go to Vegas & come to XS! Definitely one of the biggest nightclubs there.. . There were times where I had to pay $20-$30 to get in & guys had to pay $100!!!. If you know a promoter, which is the best way to go, you'll get in free :). Whatever way you get inside, it's a great club, good music, pricey drinks though, but for the most part you are paying for the location, atmosphere, and the awesome surroundings!
I like coming to XS because the club is huge (indoor/outdoor). Some days in the summer, the pool is open, although I've never worn a swim suit under my dress. They also have a few tables for those who want to gamble. Drink prices are comparable. I wish they would play different kinds of music during the night, though; basically, all house/techno. But, it's a nice place to hang out if you don't want to bump into people all night and for girls, there's usually places to sit, which helps for relaxing the feet after dancing all night. :)
Glad that I ended my night here with the Girls!!! Once you walk-in XS, uhhhmmm AMAZING! My Girls and I had a GREAT time. You gotta go here on a Sunday night, I guess Sunday night is their "pool-party" night! I told myself that I wouldn't get in the pool, but I told myself wrong... Heeey, I have no regrets what so ever, as long as my phone and everything inside my clutch didn't get wet.. . The first bartender that served us was acting like... let's just say a B-WORD! She clearly saw us waiting in front of her face, which felt like hours... and there was this one chick who just got there while we were waiting for HELLA long and she got that chick her drink. WOW, just cause she flashed her money at her face, really though. So I flashed my $$$ and she came and made my drink quick... I got my Adios, tipped her anyway and just brushed it off.. . Even though my Girls and I got in for FREE... it is a bit pricey, BUT I can't complain. As long as your having a GREAT time, everything just seems PRICELESS!
Sexy club, of just the right size - in both square feet, and volume of crowd. We arrived early (having learned our lesson at Marquee the night before) and waited all of 5 minutes in the guest list line, before being let into - what would be - the highlight of our stay in Vegas.. . Everything about this club was hip... just right for not-so-single ladies who wanted to fist pump pool-side... to 'old-school' meets 'new-school' hip/hop/pop/rock.. . Seating came easy for those of us who were creative and easy to please, as we substituted table service lounge chairs for 'really big planters' that afforded a place to rest our sore little feet... and sore little feet is exactly what we all had after hours of happy-dancing - before finally calling it quits in the wee hours of a Sunday morning.. . P.S. If you're insecure about having an army of extremely hot girls in hot dresses with hot bodies, this is not the place for you... to bring your boyfriend.. . ;-)
XS for guys:. 1. Drink before you arrive.. 2. Wait in a crazy long line.. 3. Enter to find you are surrounded by more guys.. 4. Pay $15 for your drink and regret not drinking more earlier.. 5. Get shot down by all the girls. Suddenly you wish you were at the craps table.. 6. Get drunk & dance. And then stare a whole lot at the hot go-go dancers.. 7. Club is getting lame so you decide to go gamble.. 8. Pass out in your room.. . XS for girls:. 1. Drink before you arrive.. 2. Take a WHOLE bunch of pictures because you look your best now.. 3. Line? You are a girl. There is no line!. 4. Dance with your girl friends. Reject all advances.. 5. After 1 hour..your feet begin to hurt a lot.. 6. Take off your shoes and dance in the pool instead.. 7. Walk back to your hotel room barefoot.. . XS is nice & VERY big. Half indoors...half outdoors by the pool. Yes...you can dance in the pools! So ladies...take off those killer heels and soak your feet!. Music is typical of any club.. Very similar to Marquee (Marquee seems classier). Apparently you can jump IN the pool if you want...but not on Fri-Sun. Or else you will get kicked out.
XS is thee best club in Vegas to have a good time.  It has a decor that will drop your jaw when you walk in....just amazing!  I hit up XS every time I am in Vegas.  I must warn you to get bottle service though...that's roughly $500 a bottle and depending on how many people you have...minimum bottle count is expected.  Wanna wait in line?  Give yourself an hour or so!!
My friend knew a guy who walked us in at 11pm. Awesome. I hate waiting in those stupid long lines in Vegas. We even got to dance in the pool by the tables. It gets too crowded inside, so I recommend hanging out outside. Don't worry you can hear the music from the outside.
Very organized club, with distinctive amenities that suits the consumer...I.e an environment that is not too high in temperature, thus leading us, the consumers, to dance a bit more.
XS used to be my go-to club in vegas, before Marquee at the cosmopolitan opened. I still love it though. I think that XS caters to a more diverse crowd compared to marquee just because the DJs here play a good variety of music..some top 40s to oldies like "Don't stop believing" which is always fun to sing-along/dance to. Sometimes it's too crowded and I hate that, but otherwise a fun club.
I've been to XS twice and loved it both times. The first time, the main inside club area was closed for a private party, so that blew, but this time it was open.. . Inside: BEAUTIFUL decor, BEAUTIFUL lighting. I love the rich colors and gold. The chandelier is beautiful, and I love the gold female figures that point their boobies at you no matter where you're standing. It can definitely get a bit crowded in there, but it was fun to dance on the actual dance floor before heading outside. The bar was busy of course, but drinks were actually pretty strong for a club. Music was just ok. . . Outside: The best part of this club. My girls and I were feet first in the pool in our hot dresses, dancing together with no one bugging us or poking their wieners at us. Yay for no weiner poking! Literally inside one of my friends had an awkward encounter with a boner. Overeager much? . . The pool is stunning, the view of the Wynn is great and you can play table games also. They had a girl dancing with glowy things, which was fun to watch. People watching was also awesome. The lighting outside makes it much easier to spot the sloppy drunk hot messes. SO fun!
I came here for Industry Night and had the good fortune to take advantage of having a daybed in the outside pool area. The indoor area was actually closed off, so we had great music and a fun crowd even though it was balls hot even at 2:00 outside. Had I known we would be spending all night out there, I would have shown up in a swimsuit like many of the other people did.. . The outside area is really breathtaking, with floating daybeds and pool toys. The interior is surprisingly small, and I can imagine that it gets insanely crowded here. As it was, it wasn't horrific and I was able to enjoy myself with good company and good conversation.
I LOVE THIS CLUB!!! The ventilation is amazing (yay for no sweating while dancing), the place is HUGE, the venue is GORGEOUS, BUT it's so crowded on the dance floor...therefore -1 star.. . THINGS TO KNOW:. 1) COME EARLY! This place gets SUPER CROWDED and you can wait in line for 2-3 hours. If you don't//can't come early, try to get on the guest list or get in contact with a promoter that can walk you in (that's your best bet). . 2) FOR GUYS: cover charge is EXPENSIVE! First time I came, my ex had to pay $70 to get in. The last time I went, my guy friend had to pay $60 and he was the only guy in our group of 5 girls and we got walked in by a promoter. . . Other than that, this place is a MUST GO! The music is amazing and they have DJ's that come in all the time! The crowd is a mix of older and younger people. But, like any other vegas club, drinks are expensive. I got shots for $13-15 each? yah for one shot. But, it's all worth it.
This is probably one of the most talked about clubs in Vegas. I had to know what the hype was all about. I was here with my fiance and a few friends whom mostly were girls. One of them knew someone who knew someone and we bypassed the ridiculous line and did not have to pay a dime. Of course, I bought that person a drink or two to pay my respect!. . This club kind of of reminds me of Tryst which is at the Encore; a sister hotel of the Wynn. It's huge and it has a swimming pool inside. The layout felt like Spearmint Rhino which is a gentlemen's club also in Vegas. I'll write a review about that later for you dudes out there! Anyways, they have few dance poles around the vicinity of the club. These girls can dance! We came on a Saturday night and it was straight hiphop. Good music but surely not ghetto like JET at the Mirage.. . For you single guys and ladies who's reading this. Lots of eye candy here! You better prepare yourself and get your game on at this place. You dress to impress and don't be fu**in cheap!
ELECTRO / EURO music, SPACIOUS, HOT people, CLASSY UPSCALE club. . . MUSIC - Music is the most important part to me at a club. I came on a Friday with a group of friends, and even though its the coolest, newest thing over in europe and starting to slowly make its way over to the states, most of the night it played alot of electro fist pumping david guetta type music which to me isnt that dancable (aka grindable).. . ROOM / AMENITIES - Very spacious, there were poles located around the room for girls to dance on, and also there were always continuously 2 girls in the front dancing on a elevated riser. There's a pool in the background next to the outside patio place where you can have tables. Its a very classy place. . I went to the bathroom, and they have all these different types of perfumes and mints for you to use afterwards! So cool. Never been to a nightclub (outside of vegas) That had that. . . ETC - I came a little earlier on in the night (11pm) so the lines weren't that long then, but when we left or when we would walk out to take a breather, the line definitely got longer. But there were always alot of people in the club. . Like alot of people said, I expected this hyped up nightclub to give us alot of trouble / a long wait in line in order to get in, but everything went pretty smoothly and quickly. It is pretty expensive though. Ladies, if you can get one of those free ladies passes from those street vendors on the streets definitely do. But men had to pay $20 entrance fee.. . Also definitely *DRESS TO IMPRESS* you don't wanna look shabby inside this club. I think it would live up to its hype if it played more ghetto booty music (aka hip hop).  . . Note: i cannot review the drinks because I didn't order any; we pregamed the club thinking the drinks would be too expensive.. . OVERALL - I would definitely recommend this club because it's actually really classy architecture and i loved the layout, esp with the pool (that wasn't open that night) and the outdoor patio where you could walk around. Theres always a shit ton of people though, so be prepared for that. Hopefully the music is much better / grindable for yall when you visit, and hopefully the drinks are good and reasonably priced too. but the people are definitely HOT and there to IMPRESS. so you do the same too, aites? :]
I always have fun at XS. The pool is beautiful, the people are beautiful (for the most part). The music is really loud, but that's ok cuz who's there to talk, right? The dance floor is alright, but it's a fire department nightmare... the floor is also usually sticky, which is kind of icky, but whatever.... . The one thing I had a problem with this club is the CREEPERS! At least make eye contact or something first if you wanna dance up on me... don't slink over slowly with your friends and surround my group of friends while slowly CREEPING in. This has happened almost every time I go to XS, but I can't blame XS for the creepers.... . The girls here at the club are very, very beautiful, so this is THE spot for males wanting some eye candy to look at... for the females, not so much. =[. . Best way to get in: get on a guest list which is easy when u go with a bunch of your girlfriends dressed to kill. ;). . I love the bathroom. You just have to be there to get it.
Love XS!  . . Gorgeous venue with beautiful waitresses and great music.  I went on Friday, loved it, checked out Tryst on Saturday, was underwhelmed, and returned to XS.  . . The venue is amazing - it has this indoor/outdoor thing going on with a gorgeous pool that you unfortunately can't step in unless you have one of those little pods in the pool (lame).  . . The only reason this place kind of sucks is that it gets PACKED inside.  Too packed to move, really.  And since thevenue is so popular, there are of course a fair # of skeezeballs along with the hotties.  All in all, a good time in Vegas, though.
Great club, and since everyone knows it's great, it's very crowded.. I repeat, very crowded.  . . I have never had so much trouble moving from one end of the club to the other.  ANYWAY.  . . We got here around 10:30, and got in right away because we were all girls, so they pulled us from the line.  Oh, the line, by the way, is ridiculous.  I would never, ever, ever wait in that line.  I'm glad we were with all girls.  We got in right away and proceeded to check out the inside of the club.  Lots of people, bars were very crowded, and the dance floor was packed.. . Drinks, as always, are very expensive, so beware.  But there are plenty of people that will buy you them. Haha.  . . One of my FAVORITE things about this club is that you can go outside, get some fresh air, and take off your heels and wade in the water.  It feels glorious on aching feet, and it always feels nice to sit down from time to time.  . . One of my LEAST FAVORITE things about this club is the music isn't diverse.  Other clubs I have been to will mix up the music a bit, but this place is mostly techno/house mixes of songs.  I absolutely loved when they played hip-hop and top 40' s stuff, but the DJ that was there the night we were wasn't that impressive. . . I would love to give this club another shot, because I have heard such amazing things.  I didn't have a bad time, I just wish the music was better.  It's a very nice club, and you definitely feel like you're at a high class place compared to a lot of other clubs I have been to.
Ok so this was the first ever club I ever went to in vegas and I saw Avicii there.  His set was pretty epic, but the dj before him wasn't that great at all.  He was kinda boring actually, so I'd have to take off some points for that.  However, the club is really nice and spacious except for when there was this drunk guy that was bumping into me every second trying to dance with his gf or whatever -______- c'mon man....Anyways, during Avicii's set, there were times where people threw dollar bills and sprayed champagne onto the dance floor...not complaining about that haha...made a few easy bucks :)  Also we bought tickets online a couple days before we went and we had no problems getting in (prob took about 5 minutes total)...we went at about 10pm which is pretty early considering Avicii didn't start his set until around 1ish.  Overall, I had a great time during my first ever time clubbing in vegas and I look forward to coming back someday when another big dj is playing there!
Spent a weekend in Vegas recently and this was our Friday night main event. It was easy to get in on the spot--girls paid $20 each, and thelone guy with us dropped a fifty in order to bypass the line (which, at least for females, was totally worth not having to wait). Courtyards, fountains, pools to soak your feet in, and huge indoor and outdoor dance floors... that is pretty much all I remember. That and the last long island iced tea I had (the one I really shouldn't have had). Wow, I have not been that drunk in a LONG time. Set me back quite a bit the next day, where I had an XS appetite 'til about 7pm. Guess the place lives up to its name!
Best club setup in Vegas that I have seen. I love the outdoor area--easy to navigate when inebriated. The music is loud enough to enjoy but not to blow out your eardrums. The DJ area is strategically in between the outdoor and indoor area. . . XS has plenty of areas for people w/o tables to sit and chill, which one can appreciate.  Other clubs make it impossible for people to stand in an area or even sit down.   It's also nice to kick off those painful heels and shake your bum off while splish splashing in the water.. . Of course as a popular Vegas club, long lines galore and pricey cover and drinks. Either get a table, find a connection, arrive early, or just plain wait. . . Btw, went on a Sunday which has nightswim... you can swim in the pool if you have a bathing suit on. If you jump in the pool in your party dress like my friend did, you get kicked out :P
I haven't been to that new, supposedly hip, club Marquee in Vegas so I can't really compare the two. However, XS by itself is a super awesome club on its own. Probably the only thing that sucks about XS is that there is always a really long line to get in....so make sure you know a promoter so you don't have to be in line forever. Their lines are kind of confusing so make certain that you're in the right line. . . What I like:. -In the summer, they open up the pools so girls with crappily painful but cute shoes can throw them to the side and dip their feet in and still look cute. -There's lots of space everywhere, unlike TAO. . -It's a good mixed crowd. -There are actually places to sit if your feet get tired (trust me, this is really important to girls). -House music. Enough said.. -They sometimes have famous DJs that play here, too.. . What else is not so great:. -It's so hard to get in and out of the indoor part of the club. There's so much traffic and the doorways are so small!. -Drinks are so expensive... But that's the same for all Vegas clubs, right?. -The bartenders can be really rude...especially the girls. My friend got blamed AND CHARGED for a drink he never even ordered....I stand as the witness.. -If you don't have hook-ups, cover for guys is really expensive. -The indoor portion of XS looks exactly like Tryst in the Wynn...can we be any less original?. . Tips:. -If you're looking for a cab afterwards, head over to the Wynn. Otherwise, expect to wait at least 30-45 minutes.. -Check out their Sunday night pool parties (in the summer)! It's actually pretty fun and they have really cool floaty toys (including a big swan!). . Until I find a better club, XS is the one for me.
Likes: best nightclub we went to this weekend! love the red lobby when you enter, inside was a huge pool and an indoor dancing area, love the lounge chairs and beds, bright lights, music, free cover, silver confetti, etc  I love wide open areas because it doesn't get so stuffy. . Dislikes: missed out on the free goodies! :(
REALLY GRRRREEEATT LOOKING CLUB...really hated the music. It gave me the ability to dance on the pole (which is free to go on!), but I was not really feeling it on the dance floor. House music should only be a temporary thing at a club!. . Love the outdoor part, let my feet dip a few times in the hot tub..so necessary, especially on the second night in vegas!. . Glad i got to experience it! Get a promoter and early..cause it can have lengthy lines and expensive cover.. Luckily neither of those were an issue :)
I came here with my BFF on the last night of our Vegas vacation. OMG is all I can say. We walked in and the indoor area was totally empty...umm, ok, I thought. However, we made our way outside and I was thinking, "we've just entered Wonderland." It was a "night swim" night so there were lots of people frolicking in the pool. There were twinkling lights in the trees and house music blasting. Everyone in the place was DROP DEAD GORGEOUS.. . BFF and I parked ourselves near one of the outdoor bars and had a few 13.00 cocktails (YIKES- it IS Vegas, after all. We HAD been given two free drink tickets each, though). We later moved to one of the low retaining walls around the "gardens." We laughed, cried, shared our dirty secrets, all surrounded by a glittering, pulsing, garden of loveliness. . . I am certain that this club will be on the top of my "must-gos" when I'm in Vegas. It is just amazing.
Okay, the 4 stars is kind of being generous, because I would probably rate this a 3.5...3.75?. . PROS:. * chandeliers (no seriously it's so pretty. thank you steve wynn). It's just so... pretty inside. The lighting inside, giant pool, cabanas outside... definitely makes anyone feel more glamorous. . * large open-air dance floor. * pool that attractive females are allowed to wade in without getting kicked out. * sitting area around the trees and pools outside.. * I like that the music I was exposed to had a good mix of top40 dance tracks. I mean, a girl likes to sing out loud to her radio jams once in a while ;) . * bouncers at XS are less annoying (see my TAO review for comparison please), probably because there are more people to monitor there. and people can get pretty crazy.... * did I mention sitting areas for the not-so-rich bottle service clubbers? it's such a relief if you're planning on spending the whole night there because.... . CONS:. * everyone pays cover, even girls. so you better be spending a good chunk of time there. unless you get a promoter's #. In that case, get as many girls in as possible and split the fees later or something if you have a mixed gender group. * the crowd and general atmosphere varies depending on the night. I've been there when it's kind of not bumpin' and I've had one of my best nights there. so... it's a toss up.. * the crowd. ugh. good that it's so popular, bad for the line waiting and the obnoxiously drunk people, WHO BRING THEIR OVERFLOWING DRINKS TO THE DANCE FLOOR, stepping all over you. . . XS is so asian invasion.haha I love my people :)
XS is probably one of my favorite nightclubs in Las Vegas (for now). I say that since usually mega clubs in Vegas have a fairly short life span, but nonetheless, I always have fun whenever I go here.. . The place is almost always packed and the lines are ridiculous (and sometimes cover prices are as well depending on the weekend and the DJ spinning). I typically get bottle service here through my host (highly recommended) especially if you have a lot of guys in your group. If not, be prepared to wait in line for awhile, unless you go super early or if you can somehow get pre-sale tickets by staying at the hotel. My favorite table is on the dance floor patio since it is right on the outside of the club but faces the dance floor. Perfect location in my opinion. The inside is fairly large but the outside part of the club is even bigger. Great for walking around and exploring the scene. In the summer, the Sunday night event is a night time pool party which is a lot of fun - show up in board shorts/bikinis instead of dressing up to go clubbing.. . Overall one of the better clubs in Las Vegas but they know that so the prices can get a little out of hand for cover and for bottle service.
My best friend kept telling me how great XS night club is and that he thinks I should check it out even though I don't enjoy clubbing, so i took his advice and took my GF's to XS for my friend's bachelorette party weekend. We went on a Friday night.  We were the first ones in the club and they were playing house music for a few hours.  They didn't start playing good music that my friend's would dance to until midnight.  . . As for a non-clubbing person, I thought the place looked nice, different from what I've seen in Vegas night clubs. It's nice that it's outdoors, to get some kind of fresh air. =p. . Their drinks, well it's Vegas - so 6 lemon drop shots at 10PM was $75 out of my pocket.  Bottle service is $500, i guess that's not bad compare to what I've heard - they can range up to $1,000!!
This was a fun place.  It is HUGE and the name fits the atmosphere for sure.  Lots to look at and a lot of eye candy abounds.. . We had a table/bottle service and the whole process of getting in/getting the reserved table was chaos.  It was really disorganized, but once were were in it was a fun time.  . . The club itself is amazing-- both the inside and the outside.  We were here for Halloween weekend, so it wasn't really warm enough to party in the pool, but it is definitely on my list for a return visit during warmer months.
Finally got to experience the hype first hand and I must say all the gossip is true! What other club allows you to dance and soak your feet in the pool? This was a perfect touch because after three days of clubbing in a row, my feet swelled up two sizes!. . Female bartenders need a lesson in etiquette before this club can reach it's 5 stars potential. My girlfriend was nice enough to tip but apparently 5 bucks wasn't enough to buy a fake smile. RUDE.. . Aside from that, I drank, I danced, I explored, I mingled... I had an epic night! XS presents the perfect environment for you to leave your troubles behind for the evening and enjoy yourself!
One of my favorite clubs to frequent at Vegas.  The venue is just so damn big and so damn beautiful.  Every time you come here, you'll probably run into at least a handful of people that you know.  XS keeps clubbing classy and hassle free, but if I could improve one thing, I would definitely work to improve the ratio.  Other than, this place is the spot to be on a Friday or Saturday night.  They always have high profile DJ's spinning, and the crowd has some great energy.  Its large enough so that there is always some free space outdoors (unless its Halloween or NYE etc).. . PROTIP:  Get stamped first right as the doors open, then find some down people and go back to your suite to drink.  Having the stamp gets you right back in once 11pm rolls around!
I would have given XS 5 stars if we didn't have to pay cover! They let us skip the HORRENDOUSLY long line but had to pay $20 cover. I don't remember the last time I had to pay cover to get into a club! Then I guess they changed the entrance because we had to walk around the outside part of the club to get inside.. . Once we got there it was all fun and giggles - it was night of Marine Ball so lots of cute boysin uniform!. . We left for a bit to go get some other girls/go to Surrender...but ended up coming back. We tried to go back in through the exit because we didn't want to walk outside in the cold again...but no can do! Had to brave the cold again. Womp.. . I don't remember much of the specifics after that...just dancing, free drinks, and ending up at Grand Lux Cafe for some pasta =D
This club was great when it first opened its door and it's still great. No waiting, walked right in, and bouncers with a smile. The music was good although it was mainly house when I went. The crowd was fairly young but of course there were scattered showers of older people. Nothing wrong with that, some older chicks had way better dance moves than I did. What I also like about XS is the seating. Lots of seating everywhere. A definite plus for all girls!
Got here relatively early to hopefully get in without having to wait over an hour like other people at the back of the line.  How they choose to manage entry here was so strange that night.  Basically even if you're near the front of the line you won't be let in so easily.  If you know a promoter or tip one of the bouncers you'll get in a lot quicker.  I figured we all tip the bouncer $10 to get us in quick and had him on the line, a friend in the group said wait and in the end we paid $40 a head to get in anyway.  Didn't have a problem with paying this much since it was my first time checking out XS and had won some money anyway. . . After that, excitement starts to set in after walking through the side entrance to enter in with the awesome outdoor pool landscape.  Secondly, the awesome quality of the sound system which is smartly hidden into the architecture and landscape.  Probably cost them millions for this incredible acoustic setup.  Found out this place is like 40K sq. ft. which is probably the biggest club I've been to.  And yes they have a number of tables on the island area of the pool, which can be useful.  Just make sure you're gambling before you get your drink on.. . The drinks aren't insanely expensive like I've heard they might be.  I remember buying like four shots of patron for like $53 including tip.  Dance floor area is cool but too tight with how many people are there.  Lounge areas are good and the pool view is sweet everywhere. Honestly, I can see why this place is the one of the best clubs in the US but supposedly it's losing its luster as newer Vegas clubs open up and compete.
We finagled our way into a VIP section that housed a bunch of baldheaded, Eastern European-looking guys.  My one friend thought they were Russian gangsters and was afraid to leave because they might shoot us.  Turns out they were Canadian.  We left.
The chosen night club of my Friday night ended up being XS. We were on the list after meeting a promoter earlier in the day. Getting in at first was a bit annoying, because the bouncer legitimately thought my ID was fake for some reason. After my friends all got in and were waiting on me, he decided to walk down the hallway with it to see if the other bouncers had a blacklight. He came back and said "i'm not buying it, looks fake to me." "Whatever you say, let me just pull out my passport," I replied. Dumbfounded, he let me right in. Lol.. . Once we were in the second waiting area, we waited for about 30 mins before being let into the actual club. Once we were let into the doors, wow was the view AMAZING. A huge, luxurious pool surrounded by beautiful palm trees and decor was in front of us. Since it's winter, we headed into the indoor area with the crowd. Now THIS is what I call a top of the line nightclub. It's what I envisioned when I originally pictured clubbing in Vegas, only 10x better than my imagination. The lighting, dancefloor, tables & poles everywhere were so fierce. . . I didn't have the experience I wish I would've had while at XS, but it has nothing to with the club, just personal mistakes such as having drama with a friend, wearing EXTREMELY uncomfortable shoes, and not pregaming nearly enough. So basically, I wasn't in the best mood and was really struggling in my shoes. There were wall to wall people, which is really what I like to see and be surrounded by in a club atmosphere. But I will say it was annoying waiting literally at least 45 minutes to get a drink. Girls, i'm not telling you to wear flats, but don't make the mistake of wearing killer shoes to this club like I did. Standing in line really blew and I was in too much pain to even dance. The dancefloor looked like the best time ever. The DJ booth was lit up and everyone looked like they were having the time of their lives. I'm still giving this club 4 stars because the atmospher was TRULY top of the line. I really look forward to my next visit in Vegas because I now know what & what not to do. XS, I will see you again and have an amazing time.
I'm not the clubbing type, music so loud you can't talk, overpriced drinks, and the type of girls you'd find are not what I would generally look for, (well aside from looks of course) and oh yeah, I'm a nerd.  So that should tell you how impressive I found XS.  First off entering the club, as soon as we entered Encore from the parking garage we were greeted by a huge line that only seemed to go through the entire shopping area.  Luckily one of the girls in the group knew somebody who knew somebody who . . . well you know how it works in Vegas.  So no long excruciating wait and no cover charge so that will probably change your experience.. . Once we walked in into the main room I immediately noticed the one big negative I have regarding this place.  That smell!  One of my friends described it best as either stale liquor, a massive gathering of b.o. or both combined.  Hopefully that's not something that's always there and it people were just extra sweaty from the heat outside.  Luckily once you walked away from the main entrance the stench wavered and was gone by the time you were outside.  . . Inside there really isn't anywhere to sit as of course it was a Saturday night and the place was full.  This includes that rather small dance floor where you feel like a pack of sardines whenever the DJ plays something everyone loves.  Eventually though you're able to get enough space for your group to move in rhythm a bit.. . Luckily though, this was back when it was still warm outside and the all of the outside part of the club was accessible.  This is what makes the place work for me.  Outside there were plenty of places to relax, sit, talk and still get your drinks with a beautiful scenery.  Expect it to be pricey, one round of drinks for 6 people were usually in the 70 to 100 dollars range before you throw in tip.  Our group was able to dance on the floor, come back out, relax, get a drink, go back to the dance floor, rinse and repeat.  It's as if all my issues with nightclubs never existed well except for the cost of drinks but what can you do, most of the group was from out of town you can't look cheap!. . Of course all the people in the club well-dressed (IE scantily clad) and beautiful thanks to a strict dress code.  Although I still wonder how a scruffy looking old man with a shirt that said "fuck you" (pardon my French) was allowed in the club.  He was probably a millionaire as he was also at Drai's later that night.  . . Of course this rating belongs as much to the fun group of people I spent the night with as much as the club but XS certainly didn't do anything to detract from the experience and with their outside part of the club it only enhanced it.  Next time I come back to a nightclub in two years (by my estimation anyway), this will be the first spot I hit.  Making it rain y'all!
Amazing club? Yes. Best club ever? No. I actually preferred Pure. Don't get me wrong, XS was lavish, gorgeous, and had plenty of lounging areas if you wanted to take a break from the dance floor. . . Just be warned that when you get to the dance floor, your feet will be stepped on (repeatedly), and you will be elbowed and shoved like nothing you've experienced before (except maybe a mosh pit).
Great decor, drinks, people and DJ! But what made this place a definite winner was that the bouncers and hostesses were for once actually really nice (oh and I'm a guy). We weren't sure if we wanted to stay here or go somewhere else that night so the doormen told us we get our $30 entrance back if we didn't like it and left within the first hour. Definitely much better than Marquee at Cosmopolitan!!
XS always have the hottest DJ's spinning, no doubt about that. . . It's WORTH the hype and worth the price of admission, well usually. I'd get that presale especially cuz guys are going to have to pay most of the time unless you roll through with a good amount of females. . . Came to see TIESTO and manufactured surperstars which was poppin! TIESTO ripped me in half and sew me back together ... def one of the best DJ's ever. Ever seeing him last year def made me want to see him again. C'MON!. . They always have a line to get in if you're rollin with a bunch of dudes. So def go with some females or inquire about bottle service weeks in advance. The crowd here is always good and drinks are not too bad. Def cant wait to be back
Redefining Nightlife in Las Vegas. . . Where else can you see World Class DJ's like Deadmau5, Steve Aoki, Calvin Harris, and Tiesto at such an intimate venue?  . . Upscale nightlife, amazing sound system...... Glitters, pumps, and drips of XS.....
Soooo crowded when we went, because the Nervo twins were DJing and Calvin Harris was there for his birthday (he was going to DJ the night after). That is probably the only reason that I wouldn't give XS 5 stars - I felt almost like they should have just stopped letting people in at one point, instead of just concentrating on making money. It was soooo hard to find any room at all on the huge dance floor, especially because people were drunk and shoving and dancing pretty violently (LOL) since the music is all EDM. . . Out of the 3 clubs I went to (Tryst, XS, Marquee), it seemed like XS had the best crowd - everyone was on the younger side and really good looking ;) . . I can't wait to come back sometime in the summer, because the POOL looks gorgeous, especially at night.
Saw Sebastien Ingrosso here on my 21st birthday. I love this club! The decor is beautiful, and the crowd is always energetic. What I love about the floor: If you're in front of the DJ stage, you can easily see the night sky. It's so pretty! and really refreshing. I guess one con about his set-up is that sound doesn't travel very well. The music is loud enough for you to enjoy but definitely not as loud as I've heard, and that I prefer, in other clubs.. There is also an outdoor pool area that was visible from my Encore suite. I didn't get a chance to venture outside, but from the view I saw from my room: classy, breathtaking, just like the rest of the club.. Since I stayed at Encore, I loved how close this club was to our room! I would recommend coming early to get stamped (I think box office opens at 9?), then going back up to your room to pre-game/drink/chill, then come back down around 11. We actually got side-tracked and didn't step into the club until after 12.. . Cons:. Drinks are pretty weak here ): I had several on my 21st and most of the buzz I felt was definitely from alcohol I had before coming in.. The Sunday resident DJ. We decided to pay a visit to XS again Sunday night, staying close to the room since we had a 6am flight Monday morning. The Sunday resident DJ was awful. He had no sense of the energy of the crowd, and it sounded like he was just messing around and playing random songs. I've seen/heard a lot of DJs and this was definitely the worst set I ever heard. I wanted to just drink lightly, chill and enjoy my last night in Vegas, but the horrible music just killed the mood for me.
I was only here for like an hour or so before me and my friend left but I had the most amazing time!!! . . Good looking crowd ;) ;) (seriously)  Met the cutest guy only to get separated :( . Good musicccc. . Only downside was it was sooooooo freaking packed that trying to get a drink at the bar was going to take like an hour so me&my friend decided against it & just went dancing sober.  Sober and I STILL had an amazing time! :) (thats why im giving it 4 stars, because of the long line to get a drink). Got them fun stripper poles to dance on also!! . && as my friend and I were walking to meet our friends.. some guy with a table was making it rain with dolla bills!! Seriously, this guy was just throwin his money in the air for people to get! It was awesome.. . Definitely a new favorite of mine!
This used to be my favorite club. . Design: when you first walk in there's outlines of naked girls in gold on the wall giving XS a great ambiance. The design of this club is amazing, the lights the setup of the tables makes you feel like your in an opera theater. All the lights camera action is on you! The lights are super bright and crazy also sometimes they throw confetti which looks cool in the light. . . Music: I would say XS competes with Marquee big time, both clubs are the major bookers for headliners. Like Skrillex, Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Afrowack, etc. because this club is "up there" they have to book big. They throw crazy parties. This place is huge especially during summer but I went when Afrowack was playing. The place wasn't so packed but they again I think I walked in like 1:30AM LOL . . Dancing: I was surprised there was a lot of room to dance on the dance floor, but my friends and I found ourselves near the strippers poles. A lot of girls were dancing there too and oddly no one was mean or bitchy. . . Line: there's no guest list on the weekends so don't even try, we walked in with a promoter plus we had 6 girls so its never hard for a big group of girls to get in but the line was ridiculously long even at 1:30AM when I decided to hop over after visiting surrender and tryst to finally end up at XS lol... . Bouncers: At XS they don't mess around trust me, no sense of humor for a drunk girl like me. Thank god I didn't kicked out. Bartenders didn't go to the bar but I passed by it, super busy at all times. Drinks were probably over priced but that's Vegas for ya.
Passive aggressive is when the bouncer is being a dick and I start singing Daniel Powter's 'So You Had A Bad Day' a couple feet away. . . So it's a pain to get in especially for guys (expect to get a table).  But once in it's pretty fun.  Expect literally every single guy w an earpiece to try to hit u up for a 150 to 300 tip for a better table location.  Else they will relegate u to the "least" desirable table they can find for not following the "rules".  They've apparently unionized bribing, so don't expect to find a weakest link. . . Summer better bc they open up the outside so it doesn't get stiflingly crowded inside. If u bring/wear a swimsuit in summertime, u can enter the pool all night long.  Now if u strip down to your boxers and enter pool it will take abt an hour for them to notice.  Empirical evidence suggests they will sternly ask u to rerobe vs asking u to leave, such is the nice treatment afforded bottle paying customers. . . Now if the night has winded down and u r still hankering for more, it would not behoove u to duck under an empty bar and fix urself, along w any other passing guests, a drink.  Their earpieced maroon blazers will find u w surprising alacrity (yes, alacrity).  U would likely find urself in a brightly lit waiting area w other misfits and if u play ur cards right nothing more than a stern spanking.. . Couple of the ladies complained of some Creepies. Haha. Sorry ladies dis is not a wine bar.  Shoulda gone to Napa if ya didn't wanna get hit on. Hint: position one of your girlfriends that u secretly hate in between u and the charging Rhinoceros and kill 2 birds w one stone. Problem solved.  Booyah!
CAMER HERE TO SEE TIESTO !!. XS is super gorgeous. It is not as big as Marquee, but this place is pretty roomy as well.
This used to be the GO TO club for me on Mondays (because its Industry Night of course!). The lines maybe long, but XS is pretty efficient at keeping the line moving fairly quickly (and this is in comparison to hours of waiting. You'll get in for sure to bust a move. Some places feel like a complete long shot in getting in). Afrojack occasionally guest DJs. So I only go when I can get myself inside to see Afrojack.. . They used to play ALOT of top 40 hits, and you could frequently find those high rollers throwing money in the sky (I managed to grab a few bills, like $15 worth). If you're down for Tiesto, who is a resident DJ here, definitely come by. If you're good at the shuffle. Definitely stop by here for a night full of shuffling.. . Sometimes they open the poolside depending on how busy it is. . . The bouncers here are lenient and friendly. If you're down to get in quickly and cut the line, expect yourself to be slipping a few extra dollars to the bouncer to cut through (on top of the $30 entrance fee for non locals).. . Drink prices? It's a good $12 for a shot of patron here, and $8 for your cheapest cocktail mixer (I mean a small hint of bottom shelf vodka and a WHOLE LOT of cranberry). So if I were you, I'd pre-drink before I get there, and just buy one cheap cocktail to hold around for the rest of the evening if you're on a budget (ain't no shame in that if you're trying to save some cash!).. They do have these awesome mini stages and dance poles you can dance on if you're brave or drunk enough.
we were told upon arrival that we would have to wait in line although we were promised by the guy who hooked us up on a guest list that we wouldn't have to deal with either cover or line. however, it moved fast for how long it seemed, and the free entry end of the deal held up, so things were off to a pretty good start. the place was already comfortably full (dance floor was pretty much packed but there was good room to move around between the bars and tables) at 11:30. it still took more than a few minutes than i would have liked to get a drink (and btw, the amount of money i ended up spending on drinks more than made up for not having to pay cover). after i'd taken a few sips while chatting with my friend, i turned around to face the entry stairwell and saw a massive wave of people flowing in. it was clear that we had gotten in just before the midnight mass.. at this point, i realized that unless you staked out a spot on any one of the elevated platforms overlooking the dancefoor, or bought or friended your way to a table, it would just be too much a physical crush for it be even remotely enjoyable. . . so my friend and i jump up on the back of one of the banquets to get a look at the scene from above.. and hello VIEW, this club is insanely beautiful looked at from above. the massive crowd on the dance floor being illuminated in interchanging colors (and while i thought the lighting on the dance floor was a tad too bright, it was a perfectly sultry level of dimness throughout the rest of the club); silver confetti spontaneously erupting from a birthday party celebration next to you, calvin harris's infectious sound vibrating throughout the room- it's just what you imagine a party in vegas should look and sound like- my bar is high, and this doesn't disappoint. spectacular is the word that comes to mind to describe a snapshot image of a saturday night here.. . couple this with the fact that i ended up serendipitously looking down and spotting a high school friend i hadn't seen in nearly a decade who graciously entertained us at his table- and you've got yourself a proper vegas night. . . the drawbacks of a sometimes uncomfortably crowded space and expensive drinks were mollified by the energy, musical talent, and collectively positive vibe of the crowd.
OK, so I've been here like 3 times at least. And seriously, I don't mind the cover charge or the long lines. What I do mind is that now it's starting to turn Saturday night into "we've got the coolest celeb DJ" night (Tiesto, DeadMau5, Calvin Harris, etc.) This in turn means they close off the pool area and it's like 1000x more packed than it should be. It made it way more difficult to get around and they closed off the pool area. . I hope this doesn't happen all the time now! The last time I came here was about 2 years ago and then probably 3 years ago before that. Anyway, I'm still giving it 4 stars because in my book XS was 5 stars, before starting to get all these DJs in. Now it just feels like I'm in the Sahara tent at Coachella.
Everytime I roll through to Vegas, this is one of the clubs I always stop by to, depending on the night/weekend and what time you arrive, you could expect terrible lines, or you can breeze on in, prices vary depending on the night, it could sometimes be $30, or sometimes be $80, like I said, depends. . . Calvin Harris was playing this past Saturday and the price was $50, but on a specific weekend, when there was no special DJ playing, I paid $50 to get in, so prices just fluctuate like odds in sports betting, sometimes Vegas feels it is going to be poppin, sometimes not.. . As for the club itself, the prices on their drinks stay relatively the same, i always pay about $15 for a henny & coke, they have a huge outdoor area with a pool, some nights they will open the whole thing where they will even open the tables to play on, some nights they will close the whole outside. This past weekend, the tables were closed off, so one half of the club was pretty much open. Good music tonight, it was mainly electronic/trance music the whole night, don't really remember any hip hop cause well let's face it, I think at that point I got too trashed lol.. . Shady bouncers like usual that will hustle you to get in...........................................................................................front of the line rofl
Oh XS, you're so clever with your name. What does it stand for? XS amount of cover charge (for guys!)? All the asians here (&there are a LOT) wear size XS?. . Came with the girls for Presidents' Weekend to see Afrojack (who is AMAZING live). The line at 1030 is insane, so I would suggest getting there early and getting in touch with a promoter. If they're nice, they'll walk you in :) Guys, there is no avoiding paying cover charge here, so I hope the sea of asians on a Saturday night is well worth it for you. . . XS has a really nicely spaced layout, much better than the likes of Marquee. It has a similar feeling to Tryst, but with a better visual display. The main dance floor is kind of small, so get there early! I stood from 11PM-2AM to see front row Afrojack. WIN!. . The crowd seems relatively younger than the likes of Marquee and apparently TAO (I was super drunk when I went, so the memory's a bit fuzzy). TON OF ASIANS. I bumped into half my social network here this weekend..no lie!. . Overall, one of my top 3 clubs in Vegas, second to Marquee of course :) They seem to love Paris Hilton because she is ALWAYS there.
I liked this club. I liked it enough to even consider going to it during my next trip. Why? Well, it's because I have a lot of random stories that came from this club. And when you have stories to tell, then that obviously means the club is where it's at. True story.. . Proof (a couple of stories out of my million): . . Story #1: The line was really long when my girls and I arrived. I really had to pee because we chugged down hella alcohol before leaving our hotel, and then we decided to chug some more in our classy water bottles while we were in line. OK, well to the point, I had to hold my pee because of my not-so-smart decision to drink that much, and since my group of friends were just a group of 3 girls, the bouncer (or whatever he was) gladly let us in since our vaginas were powerful in that way. (Girl power. Woot.) SO, SO THANKFUL I was in that group of girls (Yes, Vegas just works that way. Girls always get in for free.) And XS gladly let that happen on this wonderful night. I happily got to pee in their toilet before peeing on myself in their long ridiculous line. (We were only half way through their line for Christ's sake!) So coming from that experience, I think XS really likes girls, and I'm a girl, so XS likes me and I like XS.. . K. Now onto Story #2) It was really crowded inside. As I was passing through crowds, a lot of alcohol spilled on me because people, when in Vegas, do not know how to hold glasses properly as they walk through crowds because they bump into everything, even air. I blame the people and not the club for this though. (It's ok, people, I forgive you.) Even though the crowdedness was a downfall in this club, I was drunk, so I easily forgot that once the DJ that night played some house music I happily bounced to with a really hot guy. . . Yeah, if it weren't for XS and it's magic letting me 1) cut in line, then 2) make me care less about the crowdedness, and THEN 3) land me a hot guy... then IDK what it is. I'm convinced it's XS' angels sending me down a Vegas miracle. I definitely had a good time.. . And after that, everything else was a blur. (;. Nah, not really. I went to bed at 5am.
Every time I think of VEGAS, I think of XS... my absolute favorite club in Vegas!. . Steve Wynn, you've made Vegas sexy, and you know it. Does LMFAO know about you?. . PROS:. --so sexy, luxurious, grand, extravagant, 100% completely over-the-top, indoor and outdoor dance floor, lots of pools, tables by the pools/ DJ/ etc, hot bartenders, beautiful people, but.... . CONS:. --CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZY line to get in. Knocked off a star because of this! Even if you're on a list or just really, really hot,... it doesn't matter because you will have to wait in line. They're all about exclusivity. . . --all about house music. Can't hip hop get some love?? :(. . --expensive drinks- since they have a never-ending line of people waiting to get in, there's no reason for them to give discounts, etc. Expect to pay ~$20 per drink here!. . --ONLY ONE BATHROOM :( when you enter, down the hall, to your right. True, it has a million stalls but, seriously, ONE bathroom?. . TIPS:. --Try to get a promoter to help you out! XS is one of the most promoted clubs so it should be easy to find someone. Also, promoters can HOOK IT UP... we got a group of girls + a few guys in, FREE, with 2 drink vouchers each, FREE!. . --Hit up XS first... after 12am, it'll be impossible to get in.
GIRL REVIEW. (Obviously different). . Obviously I had a damn good time.. . Highlights?. . Outdoor section, beautiful pool and VIP cabanas.. A lot of stripper poles
absolutely beautiful! celebrated a bachelorette here and had the best time ;) and that's all i'll say because as the saying goes, "what happens in vegas...".
I love XS more than you'll ever know. . . Well some people know, but they're either a thousand miles away in California or dead so my secret is safe for now.. . Ever since my senior year of college, XS has been THE go-to nightclub for me in Vegas. You can't beat the gorgeous layout with it's plush seating, high quality stripper poles, tall ceilings, state of the art lights, and large dance floor. I also love that in the warmer months, the club's back wall opens out onto the beautiful pool which comes complete with beds, tables, and private cabanas. Of course, the bars are huge and full of overpriced quality. The DJ is always top notch playing the best mixes. The go-go dancers are always hot and have the sexiest outfits on that I want to steal off their shaking bodies. . . Now granted I am a girl... er, woman (some might even say attractive woman), so I am able to get a lot of things that many people can't. Women, listen up: make friends with promoters to get you out of the ridiculously long line that starts at 10 o'clock and get you in for free. Actually, just make "friends" with anyone that can get you into the club without waiting whether it be promoters or rich married men who want to feel young standing next to you or Ryan Seacrest. It doesn't really matter! It's Vegas. Because XS is so big, you can ditch them once you're inside. It sounds harsh, but they know what's up. You're not obligated to hangout with a stranger just because they expedited your entrance... Please. Drinks on the other hand is a different story since like any club in Vegas, drink prices are more ridiculous than a strip club in New York! Make nice conversation and only have a drink if they give you the option. Don't bogart their $500 bottle otherwise you'll look like a lush and some other not so nice words. Men, just pray that you'll get in eventually and be prepared to stuff some Benjamins in somebody's pocket the rest of the night.. . . On an interesting yet fun side note, I heard there's a $10,000 drink option at XS that comes with a cocktail and a strand of black pearls. I wonder how many lucky girls have ended up with a black pearl necklace after a night here...
My favorite club in Vegas, for sure.  There's always a long line but if you get there early enough, you won't have to wait too long.  What else would you expect from a Vegas nightclub anyway.. Super nice and elegant, always crackin and pretty large dance floor.  I wish they played more hip-hop though, hence, the 4 stars.  Have been coming here everytime I visit Vegas and I always have a good time.
The classiest and most amazing club I've ever been to hands down! An experience. The outdoors and indoor dance floors are very spacious! Will def go back again :)
I would easily give XS nearly 5 stars, I'm saying a 4.7. However the lines are tedious! A group of around 8 friends ( mostly women) and I were in line for about 45 minutes. I know they do this to make it look more full, but its all an illusion. I walk in and it was empty, both inside and out. But that's okay, it filled up FAST. . This place is one of my favorite clubs EVER, its big and definitely does not feel too crowded. They have bars inside and out, so it's easy to pick up drinks for you or that special someone. It is also convenient for those who smoke, to simply walk outside and have a quick cigarette. If you come with a large group (10+) I suggest you do invest in a table or a cabana (1000$ Bottle Service)because finding your friends in the crowd is hard.. . The facilities are nice, the bathrooms are clean. The outdoor area is also great, but beware of the table's out there, and do not fall into the pool.. . The music choice here is great! It's nice to be able to stay on the dance floor because there is no bad music coming from the DJ booth. Also, the crowd here is typically friendly, and that is to be expected with a fairly high cover charge.. . I would recommend havinga few drinks on your own or at the local casinos before you come here, because a drink can easily cost you 15$+, but its totally worth the ambiance. . . I would recommend this place anyone any day.
Went on a Sunday night for industry night. Started a little slow with music I wasnt into...house/techno. There were moments of hip hop/songs that I knew, but they were rare.... . It's a good thing they had discounted tables and I drank a lot or else I would have had to give them 3 stars.... . . Went on a Saturday night and LOVED it though.
My friend found a one hundred dollar bill on the ground by the bar. This fact alone qualifies my 4-star rating.. . Besides the bar, my favorite area is definitely the cabana section by the pool but wherever you are, it's always a good time. Even if you end up in the Triage area.... . On my most recent trip, I also became aware of how responsive the security is. Thank goodness they're there to deal with the belligerent crazies who can't handle their shizz.
Sooooooooo much fun! They live up to the Vegas reputation completely!!!! There were DJs, dancing Go-Go ladies, outdoor area with a pool, amazing decor, and dancing poles at VIP tables! The only thing that makes it 4 out of 5 are the prices. Vegas. I get it. But $20 entry for girls and $50 for guys?! Whoa! That's more than twice as much! Man, it really pays to be born a chick sometimes! And for 2 regular cocktails, it cost $30! Nothing too extravagant too; my drink is Jameson and Ginger Ale! What usually costs me $6-$10 depending where I am, cost a ridiculous $15! I only had 2 drinks that night due to being a broke girl in Vegas. Other than that, it was amazing!. I actually didn't mind how packed it was in there. There was barely room to dance so the crowd was mostly hopping up and down or bouncing. But it was fun! I'd say if you're claustrophobic or afraid of getting stabbed by stiletto heels, you may want to steer clear from the dance floor ... but there'd be no point of being there to begin with! I didn't get stabbed, so its fine!  . Danced with a group of hot Australian guys too! That made the night extra fun! :P
Long lines. Lively crowd, great scene, decent dance floor. It got crowded as HELL towards midnight. Music was pretty good; my issues with it was that they would build it up and then stop the music completely for a couple seconds. BOO!! They don't play too much hip hop. Mostly remixes and electro/house type of musica. Definitely pre-party if you can. Drinks are pretty damn pricey ... $44 for 3 drinks (1 jack & coke, 2 AMFs). Nice bathrooms.. . Outside pool area where you could cool off, chill, and even dance! Be careful though, people drop their drinks and there are glass shards on the floor. Someone cut their food and there was a bloody mess alongside the pool. Lovely!. . TIP: Arrive EARLY! Sounds logical, but plan ahead; plan you're gonna be late and set an earlier arrival time if you're not on any lists. Line fills up fast and cover charge goes up as time goes by.
Okay let me start off with what turned me off. What i hated about this place was how the workers in front act. I had paid for skip the line passes, and backed that up by signing up for the guest list. Apparently they didn't update their list and didn't have my name on there or god knows what they did. Anyways the extra money i paid WASTED - NOT COOL because it wasn't cheap. So a worker wrote me up some paper, and i had to wait on line. Let me add that this same little paper i had, i still saw people skipping through the line with. She then said there was a way for me to get in - which was slip her some money. Maybe if i hadn't paid that extra damn money, i would have...but at that point i was pretty irritated and decided to wait. An hour later i was talking to a bouncer  about the other line workers or whatever you call them and he did confess to me that they do take money to let people in, or it is just who you know and he said yes, it is unfair and does suck. I guess i shouldn't have been surprised with the club workers acting this way...it a Vegas club.. . After about 2 hours plus of waiting. I was in and just in time because Deadmau5 was there and he had just came on. He is freakin AWESOME! XS itself is a pretty nice looking place. It was holy freakin crowded on the inside, but that was expected. When i needed a breather i just went outside, and then when i was ready to face the pushing and slow moving traffic, i went back inside. I mean, everyone wanted to see Deadmau5, can't blame them! . . Anyways, aside from the screwy treatment on line, i did enjoy myself a lot here. Good music (Deadmau5! whoohoo!), nice surroundings. I just hope i gave a heads up about how you MIGHT get treated while you are on line.
I would understand how someone can hate this place... mainly the long line that wraps around the place. It kind of remind me of the Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland. Too bad I got a Fast Pass! Thanks to some lovely connections... we walked right pass the line! I could not afford to wait in that line. I was told some people were waiting since 10pm and they barely got to the front of the line! Eeks! . . As we entered this place, the devil inside me came out! Not literally! This place is very inviting and let's you lose all sense of sanity. I normally don't listen to house music. In fact, the music annoys me. Something about this place that just made me want to jump up and down! And that is what I did! . . This place is huge, so the capacity can hold PLENTY of people! The people are all about having fun! The night ended early morning with my feet ready to die on me! XS you have been great to me!
Sunday night beach parties!. . We avoided the weekend crowds and went on a Sunday evening. No need to get too gussied up, though i did see a few who donned the 5 inch heels. The dress code that night was casual and laid-back. Flip-flops and straw fedoras were welcomed!. . We hadn't planned on getting a table for our rather large group since a majority of us wanted to dance our asses off. We met up with one of the hosts who graciously set us up for a decent section along the grass area. We kicked off our flip-flops and danced barefoot on the lawn under the vegas flourescent lights. Bottle service was stuffy, naturally- er, unaturally DD's, but we made the best of it. . . Note: Care for a dip in the pool? By all means, they encourage it! . Our stay at Encore helped us skip lines and lessened the cover charge for the men in our group.
First off, I absolutely do not like clubbing. I have been to many clubs through the years, including a couple in Vegas. I wanted to stay and gorge myself at the buffet then lose more money at the tables, but decided to go at the end. The line was long, especially on a Sunday night. The line felt like waiting for a ride at Disneyland, but with large groups of girls having instant fastpasses. While in line, I watched the many TV screens showing past DJs performing including Steve Aoki and Deadmau5, and it looked awesome. Once we got to the front, the girls were free and got free drink cards, while the guys paid $20 - $30. . . I have to admit, I was impressed with the layout of the club. A nice stage and dance floor, two huge bars, and tables and poles everywhere. I also noticed how clear and clean the sound system is. Perfect balance of treble and bass, enough to enjoy the music and still carry a conversation. The sound was so good that I can hear the imperfections from DJ who gives a damn that was performing that night. Only two hip-hop songs the whole night, but whatever. . . Expect to spend a lot on drinks. Shots of goose were around $15, seemingly lower when bought in multiples. The gogo dancers that brought shots around are also dangerous to the wallet, but so convenient especially when the bar area gets too crowded. Speaking of gogo dancers, it must been the first night for one on the stage since it was probably the most awkward and ugliest dances I had seen.. . What I enjoyed the most is the outdoor area by the pool. Heated lamps were on, plenty of space, music sounding good, and fresh air. I also noticed that the crowd is awesome and different than those in the LA scene. I was able meet and get to know new people.. . In short, XS is a club that I wouldn't mind going back to. Great atmosphere, people, and music equals a greatnight in Vegas!
I'll be brief. This is an awesome nightclub. The dance floor is spacious enough and I like how it's in the middle so it's easy to get to and exit from. Girls get two free drinks when they enter, so that was a plus. . . The stage is pretty cool too, it's classy, but kind of sultry.
I love XS because of the open space and outdoor area. However, the last time I went, it was closed because a DJ was performing. Felt like a concert or a rave. It was really bright in there because of the flashing lights so I can see everyone's weird/nasty/interesting dance moves and sweaty faces. All in all, I still like the place because it's so open and there is lots of room to walk around even with tons of people.. . However, I didn't like that girls had to pay $20 and guys $30. That's a lot of bank!. . XS...what do you stand for? why not XXL?
Apparently I'm a regular here now? Haha let's see how long I can keep this going considering I don't live in Vegas. . . Great club. Perfect mix of outdoor and indoors with plenty of ventilation so it never gets all humid and musky on the dance floor. Definitely bring money and get ready to spend, I've yet to see guys get in for free on any night here. They keep it rather exclusive. . . Blackjack tables run $15 minimums so not bad on a busy weekend where the casino floor has mostly $20 minimums. Just play a few hands and pound drinks from the waitress rather than pay $15/drink at the bar. Might as well try to win some right?
I've been to XS twice now and both times have been nothing but great times.  The layout is supposed to be the representation of a girl's body figure, which is obvious when you go to the bar.  XS brings in a lot of DJs on Fridays and Saturdays so just check to see who might be there beforehand if you're not into house music and whatnot.. . The first time I went was back in November for my 21st birthday with my small group of girlfriends on a Saturday night. We got there around 10:30 I think, and there was hardly a line.  We decided to walk to Surrender to get our hand stamps there and get free drinks before going back to XS.  We came back to XS probably about 11:30 and at that point, the line was crazy.  The bouncers pissed us off because we already told one of them that we were on the guest list, but he told us we couldn't pass the line because we had to show him a direct text message from the promoter we talked to.  So then we had to wait for about 10-15 minutes before we could reach our promoter and skip the line.  Considering that it was just a group of 4 girls, this was annoying.  . . But once we got inside the club, we completely got in our zones and started dancing away with random people and had a good time.  They were playing Top40 music which I LOVE.  My friends and I ended up staying there until closing (5AM). Whew my feet hurt like hell but overall an awesome time at XS. I think every Vegas trip I make, XS will always be my default/go-to club.
This club is probably the biggest if not the best club Vegas has to offer. If you want to do Vegas big this is the place to be.We got bottle service poolside with the outdoor bed. The night time views are spectacular in between the Wynn and Encore towers. The swimming pool/gambling island is sweet! Get ready to spend some big bucks for the bottle service it ain't going to be cheap.
Okay so we rocked it out Friday at Marquee, Saturday day at Wet Republic, Saturday night at Pure, Sunday day at Rehab. We did table service everywhere but here. Wasn't much left in the tank. In fact only two of us made it out. Glad we did. Our host from Marquee got us in to skip line here, now that's awesome. Host at XS was cool about it. place was jammin best set up out of all the clubs. Fire hot waitresses. Wasn't planning on drinking too much but we might as well got a bottle cause the atmosphere made it too easy. I would say it's a must do next time I'm in Vegas.
One of the best clubs in Vegas! Definitely check this place out if you're looking for a hot place to party it up! Beautiful people, dance floor, HUGE back outdoor area with a pool and cabanas... you name it this place has it!. . I was here for the 3rd time this past weekend and let me tell you, it was not the most pleasant. It was at capacity x2! Plus I had arrived around 10 and waited for almost 45 minutes in line (you would think thats early in Vegas right?!)  I literally could not walk anywhere in this place, even getting to the restroom was a chore. I was saddened because my first 2 times here were awesome, memorable & fun. However, I do suggest you coming here and checking it out for yourself.... it's pretty damn awesome.. . Beautiful decor, stiff drinks & everything you imagine a Vegas club too be. The whole guest list thing doesn't seem to apply here. I have been on one and not on one and have had to pay a cover each time. I feel somewhat ashamed since usually in Vegas girls don't have to pay. But I do recognize it's a business and I'd rather just be in there, then to make a big deal as too why I can't get in for free. So be prepared. Ohh and if they try to tell you they are giving you a "deal" by getting in for $20, it's bs.
Saw Tiesto Cinco de Mayo weekend here. Club was SRO, couldn't really dance unless you were at a table. Promoter got us in no delays/drama through the table line for reduced cover $20 ladies/$50 men (vs. $30 ladies/$100 men). Music/bass wasn't obnoxiously loud, which was surprising for a change.. . 4-stars b/c the international talent XS books - Tiesto, Deadmau5, David Guetta...
Went there on a recent trip tO Vegas! Got out at 5 AM! Tht was fun:). really friendly bartenders, bouncers, security.. . Good crowd. Loved the pool setting-. . Some Sebastian- DJ was playing when we went. Was fun!Decent cover
Is this quite possibly one of the best clubs I've been to? Yes. Do I club that often? Not at all, but I do recognize an amazing place when I see it.. . If we get past the high initial cost to get in and look past the price of drinks, XS is stunning. Celebrities can be seen left and right, and there is a huge pool in the middle for patrons to enjoy themselves in. There are many tables as well, for those seeking bottle service. As for the cover charge and drink prices, we are in Vegas after all, and we are at the 'best' nightclub in Vegas.. . The DJ played a lot of house/electronica, and it was a pleasure to listen to. I agree with many that they usually don't play a lot of hip hop; as much as I love hip hop, I love house more. No problem for me. There isn't much room for those looking to dance - just the tiny spot in front of the DJ. XS is more of a bottle service/pool/tables/drinking place than a place to dance around in my opinion.. . Oh yes, we got there super early to wait in line, pay our cover, and get our 'return later' stamp. A bunch of dudes isn't a good look for trying to get into XS. That way, we were able to come back a bit later in the night after 'liquid preparations' elsewhere (save you some money) and some gambling (lose it right back).
$50 to get in...the inside part of the club is insane....hardly able to move....went outside...exact same as surrender...but we didn't have a table....drinks weren't as expensive as I thought they would be though... This place is a clubbers dream.  Lots of girls stand ankle high in the shallow pool, so it's hard to get to them... Didn't get to see someone fall into the water, so that sucked...
XS is my most frequented nightclub in Vegas, and I prefer it over all the others because the music is always top-notch, the layout is stunningly beautiful, and maybe 70 percent of the time there are good looking people. Drinks are always mad expensive ($14+) but I would say they are strong enough. . . Lately, it's becoming overpopulated and crowded like at TAO (ugh... yak). Lines have been ridiculous, but I've done my fair share of waiting because I know that I will always have a good time at XS! . . The XS crowd is primarily young 20's but can range up to 30's. Sometimes I think the bouncers are very selective of who can come in. Dress to impress!. . Whenever my feet start hurting from dancing, we always dip in the pool to cool down, haha.. . It's definitely become more of an EDM scene, which I love. For guys, suit up and be ready to spend $$$ because cover can be so ridiculous unless you know someone or if you're buying a table.
Get to the Chase:. . Pros:. 1) Went for EDC weekend and was absolutely blown away...puts clubbing on another level both in terms of glam, women, and size. 2) Sebastian Ingrosso was DJ-ing....music was shigadyboomboom! Wam BAM thank u man soooo goood! UNTZ UNTZ UNTZ...I suspect other non-EDC weeks they have non-house/techno music. 3) Though nobody really went into the pool at night, the outside ambience is awesome...it's one of those "it's nice shakn booty next to a pool outside eventhough I won't get in it"...Pool parties during the day would be sexy time I'm sure. 4) Tickets only cost $30 for guys...and of course girls would be free . . Cons:. 1) The center area next to the DJ booth is a hot mess...but if you like that thang then go ahead moshing, bumpn, grindin, and gettn shiz in yo stank face
This place is pretty crackin', my favorite club next to Marquee. It's very spacious, had fabulous decor, love the waters outside (and you can dip your feet in the water, felt soooo goood), and the fun gambling table with a great dealer.  We had fun despite the fact that the DJ wasn't so great (Warren Peace) but with great company, can't go wrong! Decided to buy presales and cut the line. My friends without presales got in pretty early (just arrive by 930 ish). We bounced after Call Me Maybe came on (please do not play this song in Vegas...).. . Def one of the top clubs in Vegas.
If you are a complete house-head and have an Asian fetish, this may be the club for you. Actually, in regards to the latter, seems like most of the Asian crowd has moved towards Marquee. I call it the far east movement...not that there's anything wrong with that. Fellas, be sure to scrape around the outside pool area if you're looking to pick up. Some bored hidden treasures tend to flock there. Perfect pick-up line: "Are you from North or South Korea?" (get slapped)...but after that you are TOTALLY in.
Heard so many good things about this club, I just had to check it out while I was in Vegas.. . Awesome club, the wait was about to be bad but flirted the way in (I was glad guy friends about 15 people behind us decided to not cut line to where we were when we offered bc that would not have been possible with 2 guys).. . $20 cover, not bad.  . . My favorite part of the club was outside by the pool, you can take your heels off without worrying about getting your feet dirty, broken articles on the floor, etc.  Gigantic screen of DJ doing his thing for the folks hanging outside.  Music is loud enough for people outside.  Not a good mix of music however, they were playing trans/house, what I call ecstasy music all night (well, during the peak hours, 11-3:30).  I cannot dance to this type of music other than swinging my arms in the air or jumping up and down.. . Service at bar is nice and fast, short/long enough when guys buy you drinks if you know what I mean ;). . Around 3:30 or so, we were done.  Got some pizza at the bar inside the hotel and went outside to catch a cab to Paris Hotel.  There was an HOUR wait at the taxi line.  We ended up getting one of those private car services which costs $45 (not including tip) for a 15 minute ride.
I agree with Cintya P.'s review below and I was actually there the same night.  I gave it one extra star because our free passes that I purchased off ebay worked to get us in for free (for girls only), and I just had an all around great time!. . The one bad thing about XS is that it gets EXTREMELY crowded on the dance floor, so it's really hard to get in and dance with your group without getting hit from all sides by other people dancing.  BUT, we got there early and were able to dance for a good few hours before it got too crowded.  . . One tip:  guys should buy their tickets ahead of time online.  Our guy did this, with the group of 5 girls, and they let him right in with us.  AND, get there early, like around 10pm.. . Overall, XS and Marquee are the top 2 clubs in Vegas right now and they are entirely worth going to!  BTW, XS is open Sunday nights, one of the few clubs around open on Sundays.
XS Sunday night was a lot of fun. I wished I hadn't waited til my last night in Vegas to come here tho. Coz I was THOROUGH spent. I didn't even wanna drink!!! Its cool that there were ppl in the pool. Much more spacious than Marquee. Not sure how it got bumped to #2 by Marquee?!
my boyfriend recommended my friends and i go here because it's one of his favorite clubs in vegas. . . i loved the outdoor patio area by the pool. i liked the fact that if it got too stuffy or we needed a break from dancing we could just go outside by the pool to get a nice nighttime breeze or drinks. they had a bar out there as well as some poker tables if anyone wanted to gamble. the ambience was nice. the club got easily crowded on the dance floor though. that's one thing i didn't particularly like, having gotten drinks poured down my back due to people bumping into each other. seriously...not even enough elbow room, but seeing as it was the night before new years 2012. . . but considering it was the night before new years eve, getting in only costed us 30 bucks for girls and i think 50 for guys which wasn't as bad as i thought it would have been. they threw us some light sticks at the club and it was a fun atmosphere.
been to many clubs in vegas and the first time i went here was years ago... dancers tossing cash into the dance floor..i picked up enough for three drinks with leftover cash even after tipping... score!!!. . now XS or Marquee you ask...?. . XS is best for drinking and getting drunk while Marquee is best for the "other stuff" cause they have all the pretty lights and trippy dancers balacing swords on their heads.... =)
Despite being a bit of a sword fight (with a guy to girl ratio of about 5 to 1), XS was still a great club. It helped that I was with my wife and didn't have to compete with the testosterone throngs thrusting against brave ladies that venture onto the dance floor. The entrance fee on Monday night was cheap for XS standards at $30 for dudes and $20 for girls. But, we noticed that most single girls just got in for free if they looked hot with skimpy outfits. Olivia was jealous until I pointed out she was getting in for free (since I was paying ... ).. . Once inside, XS was smaller than expected, but it still works. One major positive was the ultra clean bathrooms. The dance floor heated up about 15 minutes after we got there and we staked out a spot in the middle near the front. Morgan Page took over as DJ around 1:30 a.m. and then it became so packed you could literally not move to the beat without bumping others. Eventually you just kind of get used to the close quarters and people touching you on all sides. Hopefully, you'll know one or two of them.. . If you don't get a table, there's no place to really relax except outside by the pool or squeezing in with another group. Because of the sausage-fest, ladies should have no problems making several friends. The bartenders were fast and made decent drinks. They ain't cheap, but you didn't go to XS to save money, right.. . XS lived up to expectations and was a great way to dance off the Vegas buffet till the morning.
I love Avicii and his beautiful Swedish melodies, but he's definitely a curse for this venue. . . Came here last Saturday for Avicii over Independence Day weekend and the main dance floor was so packed, it was constant pushing and shoving even to get out. If someone fell, they would probably be trampled to death. (This is where Marquee actually gets it right when they crowd control the main dance floor.) Once you've spent 15 minutes trying to push, shove, and squeeze your way off the main dance floor, you'll be stuck to a small section of the venue (even outside) because bouncers will block off areas to prevent overflow.. . Yet I still retain a favorable opinion of XS because last labor day on the Saturday with Steve Angello, I was still able to bust out a short shuffle on the main dance floor and then proceed to dip my feet in the pool with little to no pushing and shoving. It might have helped that Avicii was at Marquee that night.. . So the rule of thumb? If Avicii is at XS, go to Marquee and vice versa. Levels is universally played at any club anyway.. . One last thing: if you do decide more than a day before that you're going and can't do guestlist/don't want to try, I highly recommend buying pre-sale tickets. Prices are usually $20/$50 for girls/guys a few weeks in advance and I believe $30/$55 the week of, but it's super painless to get in line and in the venue that way.
We were in Las Vegas this weekend and our Hotel suggested this great nightclub.  If you are really looking on having an unforgetable night this club is for you. Great looking people and great music. Downfall: very expensive drinks but you get what you pay for, if its a good night it will be very crowded that you cant even dance on the dance floor and the co charge is hell expensive. Other then that, you will have a great time!!
Here my friends lies the best nightclub in Las Vegas, and I'm saying this because of the following reasons: it's at the Wynn/Encore and they know how to throw a party; it'sthe most aesthetically pleasing club in all of Vegas; it's spacious, yet still gets completely packed; there are plenty of places to sit outdoors even if you don't have a table.. . XS opened on New Year's in 2008 and I remember coming here shortly after. I've never been so mesmerized after I walked through the front entrance, up the stairs, around the curve to see the dancefloor, the pool, and the bar in the back. It was beautiful and it still is. The club is lined with gold figures posed in their dance moves and they stick out along the walls of the club. Every single time I come to Vegas, it's usually a given that I'm coming here. . . There was a point in time where I didn't like XS as much, basically back in the time before Cosmo and all the Asians flocked and hung out here. Now they're all at Marquee and XS is more diversified. Thank goodness! It's still crowded like crazy though and I can't stand it. Even the outdoor pool area is packed like sardines. To get through this crowd you need to take charge, and you probably need to push some drunk beezies out of your way.. . I like how they moved their DJ booth to the middle where people can see them especially since Vegas clubs are featuring the world's top DJ's. This past week I saw Dada Life and they were amazing! People were going nuts when they came on. I'm just so glad I had a table to sit at or else I would've gotten lost in the crowd. . . Like always, the drinks are expensive, most of the guys are creepers, the bouncers are d-bags, and the cute girls don't have any problems getting in. That's Vegas, baby!
buy presale tickets...no wait no hassle easy as pieeeee to get in!!!. . pretty dance floor "indoor area" BUT disgusting...way too packed to breathe let alone dance..ur basically just shoved in there and you are fidgeting to get some breathing room . . outside is nice...large areas poolside to just hang out...some girls knocked off their heels and dipped their feet in the water...some girl just plopped right on in the pool MY THEORY is she had to pee and was too lazy and wasted to walk her ass to the restroom...thats when alotta girls stepped on out =x. . i had 5...FIVE people yell "WHY ARE THERE SO MANY DAMN ASIANS HERE!". . i take offense...sorry we are soooo disgusting...but whattya expect...house music in vegas...they eat that shit UP!. . not me...the place wasn't bad...dadalife was good but ima run over with my girls to tryst and listen to some top40 next time! tehehe
This place is pretty nice and is made a lot like Tryst. The only difference is that this place is a lot bigger and the pool area is very nice.. . My friends and I were here for a bachelor party for our first night in town. The place was packed and bumpin. I'm usually never a big fan of house music but for some reason I was feeling the music down to my bones. The DJs and the people around me had so much energy that it just gave me even more energy.. . I wish there was another dance floor outside by the pool. It seems like people only want to dance inside and go outside for air or something. The dance floor inside is never big enough to hold everyone. Regardless, this is an awesome club. I'd recommend coming here.
The club was really spacious. You didn't feel like you were confined to two areas. It was fun dancing on the water.
XS is a large club inside the Encore. It is fairly large and has a large outdoor patio and an inside area/club. They have a lot of bars spread around the area. 4 bars outside next to the pool and 5 bars inside. This place can get really packed when a really good/popular artist is featured. The vibe is really nice and there is a lot to keep you happy. There are a lot of girls for the guys to look at too. Even if you are in the back of the patio/club area you can still enjoy the music, while being able to breathe. . If you decide to go, consider getting a table so you can sit down. Especially if you are wearing heels! :). . www.partylasvegas.us
4 etoiles sans hesiter pour cette experience de la nuit a Las Vegas !. . - Pour le decor et la vue que tu as des que tu rentres dans la boite de nuit !. - Parce que le DJ qui mixe en exterieur devant la piscine eclairee ce n'est pas tous les jours que tu vois ca et tu trouves ca super classe !. - Parce qu'on a quand meme passe presque toute la soiree a danser a quelques metres de will.i.am, mais siiiii tu sais le mec des Black Eyed Peas.... . "I gotta feeling, That tonight's gonna be a good night !", eh bien je peux vous dire que ce soir la c'etait vraiment une put$$$ de bonne soiree !. . Et surtout, n'hesitez pas a aller aux toilettes ! . Vous pourriez y vivre une experience assez incroyable avec un personnel aux petits soins (en tout cas cote hommes).... Surtout n'y voyez rien de contraire a la morale et aux bonnes moeurs !. . En effet, des l'entree tu trouveras un bataillon d'hommes de service dont l'un t'indiquera avec le plus grand naturel l'urinoir ou tu peux aller te soulager, un autre t'attendra pres du lavabo pour te tendre une serviette... c'est vraiment deroutant !!!. . Allez juste un petit bemol qui coute sa 5e etoile au XS, le prix d'entree : 30$ pour les hommes et 20$ pour les filles, j'ai toujours du mal a comprendre la justification des prix selon les sexes...
This club is really beautiful, very large and spacious but crowded! I enjoyed the outdoor area with beautiful view of the pool. Drinks are as expected very $$ but hey it's Vegas! We avoided the line to get in and booked VIP service through Red Carpet VIP, who I highly recommend using if you want the VIP treatment in Vegas. We did the whole limo pickup/dropoff plus club entry, made the night a lot less stressful and if you're in Vegas mind as well do it in style! Back to XS, I would visit this club at least once if you're in Vegas though, just be prepared to shuffle through the crowd and pay an arm and a leg for a drink.
XS is a hit or miss for me.. . I love how they incorporate the inside and outside space. It's absolutely gorgeous. The inside dance floor is a bit small and becomes overly crowded very quickly and fast. You feel like a bunch of sardines parked into a too tight can. No space to move around..literally. Instead of dancing you're more so just waddling around. . . The outdoor area surrounding the pool is perfect for summer nights. Spacious and amble sitting space for your poor tired feet.. . My only gripe about XS is how they handle large crowds. Once they've reached their capacity limit, they refuse to let people go and in between the indoor and outdoor area. On crazy nights, such as the night Calvin Harris was there, once you're outside, you're stuck outside.. . The good thing though, during summer nights, the outside pool/cabana area is perfect for dipping your feet in the pool and just to lounge around talking to your friends or random strangers.. . I went two weeks ago when Calvin Harris was the guest..and that night was scorching hot. Thank god I was outside, right behind the DJ stage. It was perfect. Even though you were outside by the pool, there was a big screen that showed everything happening inside. The best part of the night? Everyone started dancing and straight up jumping into the pool. It was awesome... So for that reason, I'll give XS another star.
Me and my girlfriend came here on 8/24 from the Morgan Page event.. . After having a great day over-indulging at theEncore's European Pool, we needed a nap which resulted in us not getting to the club until 3am.  We were somewhat afraid we would miss the show entirely, but luckily the party here truly goes all-night.. . Being 3am, there was no line into the club at that point, but the party was still in full swing and the normal $20/30 cover charge still applied.  We entered the club in a matter of minutes.. . The club itself is amazing.  Great sound system and very impressive lights.  There is a pit area in front of the stage for people to rock out, and a healthy number of bottle-service tables overlooking the pit.  There is also an outdoor area open around the European pool for people wanting fresh air.  Also, there was an absurdly high amount of attractive girls there.  I don't know what more anybody could want in a club.. . The only problem (and it's a big one) is the behavior of guests in the pit.  About 80% of the party-goers politely faced the stage and moved to the beat while respecting the personal space of others.  The other 20% however, would incessantly push their way throughout the crowd.  While 20% is a minority, it is still enough to put EVERYBODY In a bad mood.  It resulted in nobody wanting to give an inch to anybody else, even if a person was politely trying to exit the pit.  The amount of pushing/blocking resulted in the pit resembling a drunken football game.. . Normally every club with this setup has this issue to a small extent.  However the situation at XS is the worst I've ever seen.  Most clubs have bouncers strategically perched over the pit-area to enforce a basic level of decency; I saw no evidence of that here.. . We retreated to the outdoor area and watched Morgan Page perform from a poor vantage point.  It was enjoyable, but could have been better if security could control the crowd.
All I have to say is WOW. I think XS is probably one of the best clubs in Vegas. I've always gone to Marquee in the past, just cuz of all the hype. But I'd have to echo some other yelpers, XS is definitely better than Marquee, in my opinion. . . First of all, I really like the layout. It's one level, no stairs like Marquee. I also love their patio. I love how the pool is a circle and tables are wrapped around it. There's also a huge screen so you can see the DJ spinning from outside. The dance floor was jammed packed so it was nice to be outdoors and not sweating bullets inside. . . We met some really cool Greek Canadians and hung out with them at their table. However, this club is predominantly Asian. I didn't know that going in. Although I'm Asian, I prefer a more diverse crowd. I guess we lucked out when we found these Greek Canadians. . . The only complaint I have is the bouncers in line. This short Filipino was having a power trip. My girlfriend allegedly knocked down one of the ropes in line. He stomped over and literally yelled at her for knocking it down and didn't pick it up. She was so scared and apologized and said it was an accident, she didn't even see it. He made her walk ALL the way back in the line and walked back into our spot in line for entry. Are you kidding me?! We didn't make a scene cuz we didn't want to get kicked out before even heading inside. I'm just glad it didn't ruin our fabulous night.
Classy. Gorgeous. LOVE IT.. . The line is crazy, and if you don't have a good hot female to male ratio, plan on bottle service or some other way to get in.  I know that some people wait in this line for hours to get in, and there was a point in my life that I would have done it and thought it was worth it, but, alas, I am no longer 21.. . We showed up at around 11 pm and talked to some people who had been in line for 2 hours and were not near the front and decided to go have a drink somewhere else. We walked past the line again at 1 am, and were told that with a 2:2 ratio, they would let us in right away.  So I guess the lesson is, get there early or get there late.. . $20 cover charge for ladies was completely reasonable (I think it was $40 for guys?).  . . We walked in and immediately I loved it. The club is centered around the pool, with white tents and cabanas that just scream classy.  There's a chill vibe outside, and 2 different bars on opposite ends of the pool.  You can hear the music coming from inside, but it's not pounding in you ear if you want to be able to hear your friends talk.. . If you want to dance and go crazy and don't care if you can hear your friends talk, you can go inside, where there is a DJ and loud dance music and people dancing... . I love how XS has the best of both worlds.  WAY more classy than Marquee.
Went here with a group of us from England on a 'Stag Do' (Bachelor Party for all you American Yelpers).. . I don't think that there is much more that I can add about the club itself - it is quite literally the best club I have ever been to. The decor is classy, its huge, and I love how the smoking area is around the pool.. . If you are a large group of guys, then you will not get in without bottle service, so don't even try. And expect to spend a lot of money - we had a group of eight and had a three bottle minimum. Grey Goose or the equivalent runs around $450 a bottle, then you have to include something like 8% tax, and 20% for tip, so it worked out around $600 per bottle. But hey, this is Vegas, and you're supposed to do stupid sh!t like that.. . I emailed the club to sort out a table directly, but you could use a third party promoter who may be able to get you a deal on bottles on the quieter nights. I wouldn't count on getting any deal on a Friday or Saturday though. Once they have your details, when you turn up you will see a sign for table service - so you walk past everyone in the regular line and get taken straight to your table - when you see how long this line is then you will probably think that $600 a bottle is worth it.... . Once inside, where your table is depends on how much $$$ you are prepared to pay, but I recommend getting a table outside. It can get pretty hot in the club, and very loud, so not exactly the best way to meet the ladies. Outside is not as hectic, and gives you a chance to socialize with people.. . Now for the reason that this place doesn't get five stars.. . *Although most of the staff were really friendly, they do have some that think their sh!t don't stink. Basically telling people that unless you give a big tip, don't expect to get served. And to the girl behind the bar who charged me something like $210 for 10 Jagerbombs - if I hand you $300 and say keep the change, it would be nice to get a thank you rather then just throwing it into a tip bucket and carrying on (I'm English so don't know how tipping works in the US, but thats a pretty good tip right?). . *The girls. Yes they are hot. Really hot. So you have to know that unless you look like Justin Timberlake, then they aren't interested in you - it's the three bottles of Goose you have sat on your table. Either tell them to p!ss off, or pour them a drink and take your chance. I mean, I guess sometimes people win big in Vegas right?. . *Some guys look like they are straight off of Jersey Shore. Surely someone should tell them that wearing an eight year old girls tight white t shirt is not a good look, with or without big muscles.. . All in all, I would come back to this club in a heartbeat. I had one of the greatest nights ever. The only problem I had - having to get up in the morning with a killer hangover, only to do it all over again in a Bungalow at Encore Beach Club!
I really like this place! the layout is great because there's a big dance floor, multiple bars, and areas to lean or sit even if you don't have a table. It's also great when they open up the room to the outside and you can get some air. Overall a pretty fun experience (for las vegas).
This is one of the go-to clubs in Vegas for sure. The pool area outside was very nice and helped make up for how crowded inside was. I was there on LDW and it was a madhouse. The bouncers tried their best to keep people moving but there were just too many people packed in and no one had anywhere to go. We were lucky and didn't have to wait in line but we saw all the people still waiting in line past 2am just to get in here. I would go here again but only if I wasn't waiting in the huge GA line.
XS...really managed to live up to its name. Labor Day Weekend, Steve Angello of SHM. Seriously a great party. We arrived around 1:30am as I'd just touched down from the airport. We advanced our tickets so no line wait.. . Outside the music was pumping and it was pretty warm. Getting inside is tricky business though it seems. We managed to finagle our way in and the raging ensued. The VIP tables surrounding the dancefloor were inhabited by the likes of Russell Westbrook and other celebs. . . Thebars are pretty crowded, mostly with guys trying to buy girls shots. Flash a big bill if you want some attention here. The bathrooms were clean and well attended. . . Great music system inside and out. Loved the random showers of money and streamers. Though the confetti and streamers start to make a huge and dangerous pile on the floor. I saw at least 3 girls crash and burn walking through the pile. Clean up on aisle 5?! . . Great place to party though. Bring your raging shoes!
Went here for Deadmau5 concert on a Saturday.. . Loved the idea of the cabanas/booths being right by the pool & being able to dance in the water or just being able to sit & dip my feet in.. . We got there at midnightish but still got in free. There's alot of places to sit even if you have no booth. We didn't get to check out the actual club because when we were heading over to that area we got stuck in a mosh pit crowd. Sooooo crowded & everyone was pushing. I was not having it. We went back to the area where we were chillin' at & stayed there for the remainder of the time. Trying to dance to EDM, TRYING! oi.. . Any advice? Leave a little earlier to make sure you don't get stuck in a massive taxi line, IT WAS RIDIC!
My friend always used to exclaim, "XS is poppin on Saturdays!". . There is a large dance floor, large outdoor area surrounding the pool, and casino tables for those with gambling embedded into their blood.  There are plenty of bars throughout the entire club so it's usually not hard to find an empty one to fill-er-up.. . XS is probably my favorite vegas club, but I've either grown too old for the party scene or it's changed a lot since the partying prime days of 21.  With the influx of EDM and featured DJs over the weekend, the club gets insanely packed.  People will come to the club earlier because they've bought pre-sale tickets, but all these people on top of the "walk-in" guests is just way too much.  It's packed like girls in a Justin Bieber mosh pit.  There's barely any room to move around the pool area, and the security guards won't let you into the dance floor after it's reached "capacity".  . . I sure hope that the EDM craze dies down soon, so maybe Vegas can get back to its normal overcapacity instead of extreme capacity.  This is worse than TAO in 2008 when that club was the new bomb.com place to go.
I really like this club because of the whole decor and layout. It's always busy and there's enough room for dancing except that it does get a little too crowded. DJ plays really good music. I was here last December so they closed down the pool area which sucked but I would like to go back when they open up the pool area.  . . This is a must go to club in Vegas.
4/5 stars just because I think clubs in general are sort of cheesy BUT this club is beautiful. . . We had lots of parties hosted at clubs when I worked at Zappos. When we walked in XS they had waitresses with trays of champagne to pass out to us. The staff here were not a-holes like a lot of these places. Rain was the worst.. . The layout of the club is just open and I guess, grand. That's a corny word but that's what comes to mind.. The outdoor patio is really snaz too.. . Like I said, I'm not a spandex dress type of girl but my opinion : I've been to Marquee, 1 Oak, Rain, Vanity and a few others I can't remember - this to me, was the best.. . You kind of have to do the club thing when in Vegas just for the experience and this is a good one to do!
it was my first time in Vegas. it is one of my favorite clubs that I would visit again. Thanks XS and Tiesto for making my first time experience in Vegas to be wonderful and unforgettable! I gave it only four stars due to over crowded dance floor. Overall, it was fun and drunky night lol. PS. good customer service. . .surprisingly bouncers and servers are friendly.
my favorite, place is soooo nice, not much room to dance on the DANCE FLOOR, but the place is huge and if you dont care where to dance, then you will be fine, i dont care i hear the music, then i boogie! so yea. . line is always really long, so go early or know the promoters... bring lots of girls as always so you gent can get in cheaper, free, or just get in honestly!. . there are always DJs so look it up before you go so you can see which dj you want to boogie with...drinks  were kind of pricy however vegas is expensive, just pre drink duh!. . ladies do not jump in the water too early cause they will try to kick you out, just say its your bday if they do.... . jump in the water later in the night so that the security cant get all you ladies out, then it will just be a bunch of dudes in the club haha
Hmm. Nicer clubs than the others I've been to, but it might have been the group but I had an "alright" time.  I think it was coupled by the fact that it was mexican independence day and whack ass lil jon was there playing bachata and cumbia all night.  Not a true vegas experience.  Also, it was pool night so people were in their swimming trunks and then others were in their hooker heels and short dresses- all dressed to the 9s. Soooooooooooooo must've been a bad day.  . . Sucks that it's hard to get in for free though...especially when you roll with a lotta dudes. The club itself is pretty.  The people...I guess it depends what day you go.. I was sitting there and some idiot flicked a cigarette into a corner where a bunch of towels were and it smoked and set on fire!  No guys were willing to pick it up and put it out so I, in my own hooker heels and short dress had to push these pansies out of the way, grab the smoldering towels and stomp on the flames. WTF. . . Drinks are normal for vegas- expensive. Don't get mixed drinks, just get shots to get your moneys worth or pregame. . . One thing i LOVE about this club though- they have a lot of famous DJs rolling in, so definitely come when a GOOD DJ is in town, not when lil jon is there. lol
Out of all the clubs my girlfriend and I have been to in Vegas, xs is probably the best. Even when packed, the place is cool and well ventilated unlike its competitor, marquee. Though it's not in xs' control, but we really wish that some people were more polite, mature, and showed more class. We're all here to have fun, and the deliberate pushing and shoving definitely gets old after a while. These people ruin the fun for others (mainly couples)  whom are just trying to have a good time.
***I will say one thing: Vegas caters to women, point blank. My review is written from the female perspective, so you fellas complaining about drink costs... well, sorry. Find yourselves a group of pretty ladies that are willing to take you under their wing.***. . Halloween weekend 2012 was the first time I had ever gone clubbing in Sin City (nooooo, EDC doesn't count).. .... Aaaaand I didn't have to pay for cover.. Or drinks.. THE.. ENTIRE.. WEEKEND.. XS, Marquee, Surrender, Haze, even Sapphire.. Not a damn dollar.. . Now that we have that out of the way, this is a review for XS specifically, so I suppose I should get specific.. . The venue is nothing short of amazing. The pool area is stunning (as you can tell from the gazillion photos here on Yelp) and inside, there's plenty'a pole strategically placed for matters of dance. Be forewarned, the bartenders make stiff drinks. A glass full of vodka with a measly splash of cran? Oh my, one will last you for a while --- not that I'm complaining ;). Seeing as how cocktails were free for us ladies, we tipped our mixologists accordingly... as should you!. . Oh, and of course the music was on point (house btw, if that was any surprise to you). The best part? Random star DJs popping through. You know *casual shrug.* Just 'cause. DJ Chuckie decided to show up and please believe this little girl made her way up to the front to take full advantage of the experience all the while dance off those liquid calories. It doesn't hurt that you're surrounded by beautiful people either!. . XS falls just short of 5 stars for me, though, because I swear the carpet area by the bar REEKS of too many spilled drinks and possibly a couple lost bouts with vomit. I really think they should look into replacing it and doing it soon. Until then, breathe through your mouth when visiting the bar or bat your eyelashes at that attractive gentleman staring back at you with bottle service X] Yep. I went there... it is Vegas after all ;).
Usually always have a good time here but when a popular DJ plays it gets packed like a sardine can. This is my favorite club aesthetically and its pretty damn big. The only thing I ever disliked about this club is when I went this past summer and it smelled like BO everywhere and I hated weaving my way through a crowd of sweaty people. Drinks are expensive but expected at a club I guess.
We showed up pretty late on the Fri of NY weekend to see Tiesto. We had to wait for 1.5 hours to get in which was a pain, but luckily we got in just in time for Tiesto. Girls were $30 and guys were $75, but for a bit more you could buy tix in advance and not wait in line. . Club was really fun! The music was pumping and Tiesto put on quite a show with lights, beats, video, and even streamers. Tons of foreigners and if you want to get into the pit, slip some $$ to the usher and you're solid.. Definitely more men than women, and everyone was mostly nice/respectful.. It was pretty packed and there was a bunch of stolen cell phones but otherwise, great night and great club!
Absolutely one of the BEST looking clubs that I've been to. The place is very clean and has a great feel/ atmosphere to it. I love that they have huge flat screens outside so that you can still see the dj playing if you can't get through the main floor inside. . . The only thing is, they need to work on their crowd control in the main floor! We went to go see David Guetta last MDW and the dance floor was overcrowded! Girls were pulling hairs, guys were pushing each other, and my friend almost got trampled and lost in the crowd. It took us a long time to get out of there because people kept squeezing their way in the back entrance to the dance floor, since no bouncers were manning that area.
The Setting:  Saturday night show featuring Nervo, 7-guy group, had 4-bottle reservation.. . The Vibe:  5 Stars. Ideal for groups in their early 20's to early 30's, Saturday night DJ's usually have a progressive house/techno focus.  The crowd is pretty, but they know they are.... NOTE:  If you are in a group of guys, for a bach party or otherwise, having a table here is essential.  Trying to go inside and just buy drinks is a pretty rough experience and what you save in $$ you lose in sanity.  Either get a table or just go somewhere else.. . The Service:  5 Stars. We had a team of 3 cocktails and 2 bouncers taking care of us.  This was overkill, but much appreciated!  The bouncers filtered the table guests and even escorted (via performing as Linebackers through the crowd) us to the restroom, waited for us, and escorted us back.  We did get a couple confused/angrylooks from people being moved out of the way.. . The Cost:  2.5 Stars. As is expected, to receive this kind of attention and service requires money, I just had no idea it would be so much.  One of our group members is a GM at a Vegas club and even with his connection, which was highly valuable, our minimum spend was $3500.  We rocketed through that number and I had a litle sticker shock when I go my portion of the bill.... . The Bottom Line:  If you have a fun group and very few budget restrictions, this is an ideal Saturday night Vegas spot, probably still top 3 on the strip according to my group and others we spoke with.  Whether to spend that kind of money should probably determined by the act that is performing that night.  If you have budget restrictions, there are plenty of options hurting for business on the strip.
Nice people that come in here. Very knowledgable bartenders. . . It also appears that a majority of the headlining EDM DJs get signed into exclusivity contracts strictly for this club, such as Morgan Page, Deadmau5, and Nicky Romero. It seems to be a contract war between Marquee at the Cosmopolitan and XS every half a year, so the talents continuously change because of that. . . And, you get to enjoy some of them playing on locals nights on Sundays and Mondays, all for free! And these are not some dumbasses that mash together prerecorded tracks of real talent at a second-rate club or hookah lounge, these are the REAL talent themselves!. . It is like... climbing over the gates of Electric Daisy Carnival for an hour, and then immediately hopping back over before security finds you. You get your celebrity DJ experience regardless of what day you went, all for a better price than buying stupid $500 3-day General Admission tickets. . . But at least at local nights, there are not many GOOD looking people that come in. Let me make it clear, they are NICE people, they just NOT NICE LOOKING people. A majority of the women who showed up are either fat or old. They are real nice in a conversation, but I was always looking for a window of opportunity to get away from them. . . I bumped and spilled my drink several times in 2 hours, I got a lot of offers to get one bought for me. Guys that come here are real gentlemen, and the women are um... "nice".. . And everybody is either white or asian.
One of the better clubs in Vegas. It's a pretty bug club, but they are a few bigger ones in Vegas like Rain. The music is usually dance, top 40 and trance. Sometimes they have big name dj's. Dance floor is mid size and gets pretty packed, which makes it hard to move around. Drinks could take a while to get.
I love this club, but hard to get in.. It's only hard if you're w/ a whole bunch of dudes (not a good idea!!!). . I've been here several time in the past 3 years. But I can only recall the whole layout once. It's indoor and outdoors with a casino tables inside. XS has an outdoor pool which I doubt you can skinny dip in. Nevertheless, it is always packed with people and headliner DJs. . . I was able to snag bottle one time when I was here and the group was pretty nice to share. Although, this club has been known to be the "black out" club for me. I come in semi-sober and come out not remembering how I left. . . That's when you know I had a great time!!
XS was really fun. Came here last spring on my first non-family vacation to Vegas, expecting to spend most of my time dancing and sun-bathing. Knowing absolutely nothing about promoters or clubs or really anything at all, I was happy that my friends knew which clubs were fun to go to.. . We (four girls) went around 11, had a 10 minute wait, and no cover. R3hab was DJ-ing, which was awesome. The club was decorated in a typical club way with lots of shiny decor, poles/stages to dance on, etc. There was also a nice outdoor area that wasn't too crowded and had lots of people who were willing to share their tables and water.. . I guess the only major con was that it was incredibly crowded. The guys are aggressive, which is to be expected to a certain degree in Vegas, but it was just over the top at XS. At one point, a stranger threw me over his shoulder and started walking, even though I was desperately trying to get down. Luckily, we had met up with some friends earlier, and one of the guys was able to pull me down and away. I don't really know how clubs can control for this kind of behavior, but it was never such an absurd problem at other venues in Vegas and was only kind of frightening at XS.. . Tl;dr. XS is cool. It's pretty fun, pretty popular, and surprisingly organized for such a crowded venue.
One of my favorites in Sin City.... . I have been to XS Nightclub a couple times, once for Avicii - which was EPIC! I would say this is one of the luxurious clubs I have been to in Vegas as admission price is the price ranging from $25 - $75+ a night -matters if you are a female or male. Male price is of course, more expensive. To play around, I asked the ticket seller, well what if your gay? or can you dress up like a woman and then come and pay the lower price? Of course, not haha.. . It is a two story club, there is a large dancefloor with a bar inside alongside the DJ booth and go go dancers with a lot of sitting space. The outside is where you will be able to walk around the pools, jacuzzis, and poker/game tables. Some nights you can go into the pool and jacuzzis and actually swim and dance which is awesome and fun! The second floor is outside and you can usually find the private seating areas up there but they give a nice view of the Wynn hotel and the environment is flourishing and very well taken care of. . . I saw Avicii here and he was amazing. Confetti, popping bottles, getting your feet wet, dancing til 4am, going to other peoples private seating areas getting free drinks, and dancing on the poles was all my favorite. In other words, this is such a party club! Watch out though, you might be hungover the next day from all the crazyness!. . The two bars that are visible are outside and inside - they are a mission to get to the front, but if you are there waiting in line then eventually you will get your drinks - just buy all yours in one purchase so that you don't need to repeatedly keep waiting in the loads of people that are at the bar. YES, THIS PLACE GETS CROWDED, don't expect the dancefloor to be empty or easy to get into. . . My favorite moment was when I was able to take off my shoes and roll up my slacks and dance in the pool that just slightly rises above your ankles. I was totally getting wet to Avicii! You will get splashed if you decide to go into the pool area where everyone is dancing behind the DJ booth and you will meet awesome people like I did from Brazil and London - they made me have an extra fun time!
I generally don't enjoy packed crowded places with horrible attitudes. XS was a lot more streamlined, for every 1 rude/mean staff there were 2 others who were friendly and the sound system was great! . . The outside area is super cool if they setup the DJ by the pool!
Came here for a crazy, spur-of-the-moment Vegas trip thanks to a friend, and we were able to catch Madeon (1-4am Sun morning).. . Cover is $30 for guys, $20 for girls and Encore guests. My friend got us on the VIP list, so we just walked right in. In and out privileges with hand stamp at entrance.. . Overall, not bad. It wasn't terribly crowded, but they still limited people on the floor, so we had to wait about 10 min before we were allowed on the floor to see Madeon up close.. . Inside wasn't terribly impressive, but the outside area next to the pool was quite nice.
This club gets packed! $20 cover for girls, we went on a night that DeadMau5 was there, so of course there were tons of 'awesome' people tripping on E and one who awesomely vomitted on my and my friend's shoes. I feel like i would have enjoyed the club had that not happened, so I won't rate it badly-there was a response from security who noticed the person and ran after them.  The club was pretty cool, but as I said, ridiculously packed. We ended up watching DeadMau5's set from outside, so the sound was kind of weird.  I would definitely go back, but maybe not on a night that a super famous guest DJ is spinning.
This place is soo much fun... if you can get past the bouncers.... . My friends and I were here Friday night for Avicii, and Saturday night for Madeon. Both nights were cray-cray, filled with the classiest drunk people ever. People were breaking out pocket squares and cufflinks left and right, while downing bottles of Absolut.. . It's $50 to get in as a guy on a "normal" club night, and more for well-known DJs. Chicks get in for like $20.. . I'd say make sure you arrive early, but honestly, there's a crap ton of people at all times. The wait might be anywhere from 30-60 minutes, so I recommend buying tickets online beforehand. You can also jump the line if you slip the door people a Benjamin. . . The drinks aren't too expensive ($13-15 for mixed drinks), but stay away from bottle service. The venue itself is huge, with tables to the side, surrounding the dance floor and stage. Also, there will be bouncers preventing people from reaching the dance floor if it reaches "capacity," which basically means half full. We were lucky enough to get through by slipping the dude a $20, but I think he just assumed it was a $100, and let us through.. . It's a bit ridiculous that they block you out from the dance floor, but if you can overlook that, and are able to sneak through/buy your way in, you will be in for a great night.
XS was insane! We got there at 10:30 and the line was already pretty long. I suggest purchasing a drink at one of the other bars in Encore then walking over to XS so that way y'all can pre-game a bit more before heading into the club. Get there by 11 because after midnight this place was packed! I've never seen anything like it before.. . I highly recommend bottle service because it will give you a place to party. My group of girls ended up dancing on top of the banquettes next to a group of guys who had purchased a table for the evening (thankfully they were gentlemen and did not mind us dancing!). . If you're going for a bachelor/ette party, purchase one of the party packages which includes open bar for 1 hour plus drink tickets if you don't want to splurge on bottle service. Come prepared to spend a pretty penny on drinks but it's worth it. Besides Marquee, this is my favorite club on the Strip!
XS is definetely one of the hottest clubs in Vegas.  Very elegant, classy and gorgeous.  The outdoor area with pool and cabanas are closed off in the winter.  Although the dance floor is a good size, it still gets crowded.  Music can keep you going all night.  Average looking crowd which was a disappointment that is on the younger side 20s to early 30s.  Expect pushing and shoving all night.  Smoking is now allowed indoors in venues that don't serve food which I didn't appreciate.  My hair smelled like nicotine by the end of the night.  . . My girlfriends and I didn't have to pay for cover; get in contact with a promoter via Instagram or twitter!  Otherwise, it can be expensive.  $20 for ladies and $30 for guys, more if there's an event.
This place was super hott :) Really stylish and hip atmosphere and plenty of spots to sit (if you don't have a table reserved, the outdoor area and random ledges work just fine) Everything opens up to you the second you walk in and great fusion of top 40/trancy/dancy arrangements of today's hits. DJ's great, go go dancers were great, outside bar and pool area is AWESOME and you can even try your hand at pole dancing since there are plenty in the club, lol Drinks were overpriced like any typical Vegas club but I highly recommend this place! Just get there super early or be prepared to wait forever to get in!
Marquee made me grateful I spent my birthday here at XS and not there. Was going to give this club 3.5-4 stars but after the disaster that was Marquee, I had to upp it up to a 4.5.. . Came Sunday on St. Patrick's day and got to see Red Foo of LMFAO. Music was on point and I'm a hip hop girl yet I was still having an amazing time. . . Ladies dress up! I was underdressed. I think I was the only one in shorts, a slutty top, and heels. Everyone looked like 10's in their million dollar hoochie dresses. . . We made friends with another birthday party and they were on the guestlist and asked the bouncer if we could join. XS didn't have a problem with more ladies at all and gave us all free drink vouchers! Now that's what I'm talking about. No cover either except for the one gentleman in our group. Also got to skip that long ass line. And the bouncers were super nice and even took photos for us.. . TIP TO LADIES WHO WEAR LOTS OF MAKEUP TO LOOK HAWT AND MISLEAD MEN. . I got a noob bouncer who didn't believe it was me in my ID (I still have the vertical under 21 California ID) and was such a stupid about it. I even pulled my hair back like in the photo. The rest of my group got to go ahead and I had to wait for another bouncer to come over. The other bouncer comes over, takes one look at my ID, wishes me happy birthday, asks some questions, and apologizes for noob bouncers stupidity. Girl when you are a 5'8 thick asian/latina girl and the bouncer believes the ID is real but not you, you gotta be a little upset. Where else am I gonna find an asian mixed girl that looks like me with that height and weight?! I did not wait until I was 21 to go out, only to be doubted when I finally get to 21. lol waste of 10 minutes. Anyways I'm being a diva. But watch out and try to look like your ID ladies. They will kick you out if you don't know all the info on your ID, even if it is you. Good thing I still remembered my old address in SF, down to the zipcode.... . Anyways we get in and it's a beautiful club! It's huge and gorgeous and the outside was beautiful. It never got too crowded (cough cough Marquee), but yet I felt like there were a million people there! Smells a little raunchy though. Beautiful people who forgot their deodorant! lol. . The bar is efficient. Expensive though! $23 for two bottles of water! Nearly passed out. I forgot what the birthday girl ordered us drinks wise but it was sort of weak. Yummy, but weak.. . You can literally dance and sit anywhere! On top of tables, on a raised pedastal with a stripper pole (which is where our group danced!), in the islands between the VIP section. No bouncers kicking you off anything. Amazing. My feet survived the whole night! I LOVE THIS CLUB JUST FOR THAT. . I had a fantastic time at XS. I understand the hype. I still have to find the Vegas club that I fall in love with, but this club is a great option and I would go back again.
For other EDM Fanatics coming to XS purely for the DJs: Did some yelpers just say David Guetta was one of the best DJ's in the world? Someone say "Casette" instead of Cazzette? Yeah that's the kind of crowd you'll find here. . . Venue: Really beautiful in terms of the design of the club with many indoor/outdoor bars. However if we're talking about venue space.......XS itself is big, but the indoor area is TINY compared to the giant outdoor pool area in the back. Especially that walkway they call the dance floor. I say this because there are only 2 tiny side doors to go outside, or you have to walk through the dance floor to exit. Not gonna happen let me tell you. And of course they pack as many people into the club as possible so every walkway has a giant traffic jam that will take you 15 mins to literally FIGHT your way through. Vegas clubs can never compare to IBIZA.  . . Dance Floor: NO DANCING! I repeat, you will NOT be dancing. But you'll definitely be fighting with the drunk guy and/or girl in front of you for pushing and shoving. I've seen way too many trashed people throw down on here. For example one time a guy knocked a girl's drink out of her hand and her boyfriend punched the other guy! All the drunk frat bros are literally shoulder-to-shoulder that they can't contain their testosterone. . . Outside: The pool area is actually really nice in the summer if you wanna get away from the dance floor. And this is probably the only area you can probably have a good time dancing. If you're here in the winter time, beware! Even with small heat lamps it'll still be deathly cold outside. I learned this the hard way. :( . . Crowd: XS definitely has more old people...late 30s to 40s and 50s (especially the guys) probably because they can afford the $75 cover charge and buy tables. Salt n peppa haired Sugar Daddies everywhere for you to choose from. . . Price: Overpriced, but it's Vegas what else do you expect.. . Overall: I've had good and bad experiences. It all really depends if you're a part of the drunk people or not.
I went on a really, really, insanely crowded night and had too-high hopes for this place. I really expected it to be 5-star worthy because of all the insanely good reviews but I found it to be a liiiiiiiiiiiiiiittle disappointing. Still had an amazing time though, and it really was an awesome place! . . First off, it was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. I was expecting it to be as huge and open as Surrender, since it's in such close vicinity. I happen to still like Surrender better for that very reason. The night I went to XS, David Guetta performed so naturally the dance floor was beyond packed. I was so squished but it all was totally 100% worth it. I stepped outside for a bit, which was also insanely crowded but it was a really nice set up. The outside area was really cool, we still danced around a ton outside and it was much roomier than the inside dance floor. There's a ton of walk ways surrounding the dance floor where people ended up crowding and dancing because the dance floor was so packed. Regardless I had a great time that night and these are just little complaints about the place itself but nothing that stopped me from having a phenomenal time!. . Bathrooms are great, and that's a big deal for me. Perfect spot to take thousands of pics.. . Definitely recommend XS when you're looking for a gooooood night out in Vegas, one of the best clubs out there for sure
i was here on 7th April.. Red foo was here... . tips dress like you are going to an upscale event. I was about to denied for my shoes but a little talk and confidence helped me. I saw many girls denied but as a brown man i feel like VIP after getting in.. . It is really a high class club and with $25 entry fee it is a must go... drinks are pricey but you don't want to look cheap so go for at least 2.. . Not a place for game if you don't have bottle service or you are hot like brad...
Both time I have been here, I have had an AMAZING time! The dance floor was always packed, the drinks were strong (and pricey- but it's Vegas, what do you expect??), and the DJs were raging!  The most recent time I went, I danced myself into major cramping- did not know you can get cramps from dancing.  Maybe I'm just getting old :'(  . . My only complaint was the guest list. Husband and I called twice- both times confirmed on the club's guest list.  But when we get there, no go- they tell us we're not on the list. Apparently, we should have asked for the name of the person we spoke to- even though we called the number listed on their own website and neither time did the person gave us their freaking name nor told us we needed that info for the guest list (No, no, you're totallllllly on the list- don't worry about it lol!). Lesson learned: get the names of every single person you speak to about getting in so you hopefully don't get screwed over. As irritating as that experience was though, the club itself more than makes up for it- I highly recommend coming here!
$35 non locals, $21 drinks (double shot though black label on the rocks) Lmfao was there and it was popping. Champagne showers all over the main dance floor. Free shots for some girls in front. Lots of classy only look no dance girls every where. This place could use another room with different music.
Xs is very chic,offers a great vibe and attracts some of the best looking people in town.. . I am a big fan of the pool area, where it's nice to mix and socialize but still get the feel of the music. Best nightclub in Vegas, although I haven't done hakasan yet. . . Downsides, if the clubs want to get the world wide status they deserve, then they need to adapt their culture.. . Super rude security, excessive amounts of hosts, lines after lines, gender preference. It's simple if you are dressed right your in and if your not your not. I understand they want rich guys in to book the tables and then let the girls in free to entertain them, which to me just creates a first class brothel.
Fun club.  Great outdoor space with blackjack tables and outdoor bar! Complaint - the hosts outside are rude, asking people to move here and there while they wait - separate hosts do not communicate, we'd tell one guy one thing and he'd tell us to wait in one place and then the next host would make us move until we repeatedly told him what we told the first host.
It's been two years in the making, but I'm glad XS was able to redeem itself. I'm always up for a good redemption story, and XS makes for a pretty good one. Two years ago, I came on a cold February night with shitty music and an annoyingly packed house. Two years later, I came on a balmy April night with still shitty music and also a packed house, but ironically had a much better time. Funny how that works, eh? . . XS Nightclub is a swanky outdoor/indoor nightclub located at the Encore, right adjacent to the Wynn. Ahem, be aware that the bouncers and security in general at the Wynn hotels are extremely strict, and nothing but a legitimate ID can placate them. I'll leave it at that. . . The space at XS is pretty well allocated. My favorite part is the outdoor pool area, which is generously spacious with cabanas, huge pools, palm trees, skyscrapers, and the Vegas night sky. The bar area is extremely humongous, which makes for waiting for drinks a rather pleasant experience. Wide open spaces is a good thing. . . The inside of the night club is pretty large as well, but with small walkways and a slow stampede of people, it does get crowded. Depending on the night, the dance floor can get to the point of human sardines, so be aware. Your best bet is booking (or finding, if you're with a party of girls) a table to sit with for the most comfortable and spacious experience. . . My only gripe is their music for the majority of the night was a horribly atrocious mix of house music and EDM beats. I've never felt lulled to sleep at a night club of all places, but I was thisclose to dozing off, until about 3 or 4 AM when Steve Angello of Swedish House Mafia came on. Ironically, their music is also excruciatingly loud...to the point of being deafening. I sound like a grandma but rest assured that this information is indeed factual. . . Other than that, I'm glad I had a pleasant experience at XS this time around. I was seriously beginning to doubt the quality of clubs in Vegas. I say, XS has the grounds, the star appeal, and the potential to be a super hip nightclub... It just needs to lose some of their shady@$$ money-hungry "promoters," their crappy house DJ's, and the like. Oh, and their Kamikaze shots are the bee's knees. Can't say the same for their cheap Vodka.
Note: As a freestyle dancer, I look and rate clubs a LOT differently than most people do. The quality of the music, peoples' willingness to dance and not care what anyone thinks, and the size of the dance floor are the most important things to me. If you want a review for someone who prioritizes these key points, keep reading. . . Atmosphere: Being a Vegas club, all the people here are dressed to impress. Girls look great and (most) are fine with coming down to the dance floor and showing what they got. Nothing too crazy (dancing wise), but they are willing to dance with pretty much anyone that is confident enough to approach them. Dance circles are not happening here (comments below about the floor size), but people channel the Vegas vibe of not caring about what anyone thinks when they dance.. . XS has an amazing outdoor venue that pictures don't too justice. Nice to go out there after you have met new people and have a really conversation.. . Dance Floor: Size of the dance floor is the one week point of XS. It's not the smallest I've seen, but barely gives enough room to dance around besides the standard fist pumping.. . Price: Go with a promoter and prepare to pay a good amount of $$$ to get in if you're a guy (yay penis tax)! I've never done the normal line, but have paid a good amount to walk right in without waiting in line. Personally, I think it's worth it to make sure you get in and don't have to worry about waiting in line.. . Music Quality: XS brings only the top names in the Electronic music scene. I've seen both Porter Robinson and Martin Solveig live and their sets were some of the best I have ever seen, especially amplified by the AMAZING sound quality. XS has the best sound in a venue I have ever heard. Be it right in the front, in the back of the dance floor, or even outside near the pool, regardless of where you are at the club the music is not distorted in the slightest.. . Overall Thoughts: Though lacking space to actually dance and a lack of people willing to participate in dance circles, XS is still my favorite club I have been to so far. People here are willing to get out of their comfort zone and have fun, which is key to making a club stand out among the crowd. If you're prepared to pay top dollar, XS is the one club in Vegas you can't miss.
XS is one of the best clubs in Vegas because the venue is so beautiful and it just has one huge dance floor in front of the stage. I do prefer Marquee more but this place is also a great place to listen to DJs and dance the night away. You walk in and you just see the huge stage completely lit up. It is quite amazing. . . That night Steve Aoki was going to perform so the crowd was even bigger than usual on a Monday night. It was a bit empty at 11pm since he was going to go on until 1am or so so in the meantime the girls can get drinks from tables and guys can creep on others. But man, when Steve Aoki came out, the place went crazyyyyy and everyone was really enjoying themselves. He was crowd surfing and he sure knows how to give a show.. . This club does not have a huge patio like Marquee so there are even fewer places to rest. I luckily found a spot to rest more abused feet in the back where the tall pillars are. There is enough space for a small group to sit so I was thankful for that. When Turbulence came on, I just popped right back up and stood on top of the block thing so I could see the performance. It was still tons of fun :). . I went to XS on a Sunday and decided to do the night swim because how often can you go in the pool at nighttime right? Girls just wore cover up dresses and you can rent a bag near the pool for $10 which is not bad at all compared to $40 at the day club. So about 40% the people are in the pool, the rest are all dressed up and purty. I have a feeling the hotter guys were all dressed up because the pool area wasnt so hawt. Girls beware, if you are near the front closest to the dj, they will start splashing at the drop and your face my fall off. Obviously people lounge around and throw beach balls but other than that, you dont really dance in the water. There is a small jacuzzi area that is really really warm if your heart desires. It was a cool experience but Id much rather get all dolled up and go out in a dress.. . **TIPS**. 1) You have to check out XS when you are in Vegas. This is what real clubbing is like.. 2) If you do night swim, it is only on Sundays and you can rent a locker to put your shiz in.. 3) Enjoy!
This was the most fun I've had in a while! I'm knocking off one star because we had to wait in line even though we purchased pre sale tickets online, the pre sale tickets had to be printed,  the staff was rude, and the crowd was out of control and pushy at times. There were a wide range of age groups at this club. There were some kids that looked like high schoolers as well as some older people that looked like they were in their 50s or 60s. . . I bought pre sale tickets the day of the show at http://xs.wantickets.com on Sunday night to see Red Foo from LMFAO. Tickets were $40 including the service charge for guys and $30 including the service charge for girls. I think the price depends on who is playing. Before we went in, they gave us all Party Rocking black framed glasses which were fun and cool. The stage is pretty small so we were able to get pretty close. There is a small gap between the stage and the pool however and people push you even though you have nowhere to go. Hok from So You Think You Can Dance was there and Lil Jon showed up as well! They shot inflatable zebras, confetti, and streamers into the crowd. There were also laser lights and they sprayed everyone with champagne during the song "Champagne Showers" which was hilarious. Before we left, we sat in the booths inside outside the bathroom for a few seconds until a guy who worked there came up to us and told us to stand up. I didn't understand why all these booths had to be empty. Despite the rude staff and pushy crowd though, it was a fun night. :)
came on a night Afrojack was spinning.. . expensive, next time i'm coming with an all-girls group. . Pros:. -great dance floor, beautiful clean club, great music, drinks delivered to you on the dance floor, and the girl is so honest she comes back to give you change, young clientele. . Cons:. -crowded AF. there was this guy about to puke near/on us, but theres no where to run! because you are stuck inside a gridlock of human bodies. . in retrospect, i would come in very early with a group of girls on a night where a less popular dj is spinning.  the crowd was just too much though.
I had my Bachelor's party at Club XS this past weekend (May 17-19). My buddy set up bottle service for Saturday, May 18th and we arrived around 10:15, waited in line for about 45 minutes, and were told they had no tables left unless we wanted to pay for another bottle. We were pissed, naturally, but the Manager did give us discounted covers ($20 a pop, for a group of 6 guys) So we took him up on that offer and entered Club XS.. . Amazing spot. Right when you walk in you're going down a ramp toward the main dance floor and to your left and right are bars that weren't too crowded. I read reviews of people saying they couldn't get a drink, I didn't think it was a too crowded, and I went during the Summer, on a Saturday night, with DJ Dirty South spinning. It wasn't like you walked right up, but I didn't feel the wait was anything crazy. However, I've been to other clubs and know what to expect. $17 for a Long Island, ha ha, Pay to play! . . The restrooms are nice, the outside area is HUGE. I mean, HUGE. There is a pool, and an upstairs area, and spot to gamble, etc. The inside was smaller than I thought it would be, and the outside was larger than I thought it would be. The inside dance floor was too small and crowded, I must say. But there was plenty of space outside. I just wanted to be on the main floor with the DJ. All in all, aside from getting dicked around by Management and trying to get us to buy more bottles (even though we already reserved a week in advance) I still had a great time and will be coming back at least once more.
EPIC.... . OK, I know that one word reviews are frowned upon so I guess I will elaborate.  We came here to see Calvin Harris and the venue did not disappoint.  We are not Vegas rookies so we looked over our checklist.... . 1. More females than males in the group...Check!. 2. More clothes on the 2 dudes than on all the females combined...Check!. 3. Early arrival...Check!. 4. More females than males in the group...yep, still a Check!!  . 5. Pre-flights complete...Check. 6. Group text of Hotel address and room number...Check . . Tickets in hand, we took to the club!  What an experience.  The music was amazing, the vibe was all energy and the scene was...EPIC!!!  Plenty of bars, the drinks were standard Vegas pricing...way too much for not much drink...the dance floor was small but the club is sooooo big when you include the pool area and the music is all around so you can party just about anywhere you want!!  . . The only bad part of my experience was my fault...I broke a cardinal rule and allowed the ladies to do the group bathroom thing which left my hommie and I outside alone...they decided to stay in the club and as expected...when we tried to get in, the bouncer looked at the two of us and said...sorry, capacity crowd...then proceeded to let a group of 5 lone ladies in as he pushed us aside....errrrr!!!  Never split up the group!!  The ladies came out to continue partying in the pool area so we continued to have a great time!!
Love the music, and the vibe!
My favorite nightclub in Las Vegas, thus far!. . Why?. . 1. No line.  Like I'm talkin' zero wait time EVEN DURING Memorial Day Weekend 2013.  There was a fast-moving line just to get your ID's checked and get your hand stamped, but other than that, very smooth sailing.  This is a DREAM in contrast to pretty much all other nightclubs during MDW2013.. . 2. Venue is HUGE.  Or maybe the layout just seems huge?  There's a gigantic pool with bottle service tables surrounding it, upstairs tables that overlook the pool area, a bar outside, a bar inside, dance floor, (some) lasers/lights, and beautiful men/women errwhere.  There were even some (very few) places for us ladies to sit and rest our feet.  I'm not sure if we were allowed to sit in these places, so I won't be naming them on here for now.. . 3. Dress code.  More casual than normal Las Vegas attire, which is awesome for girls tired of tight dresses and sky-high stilettos.  We came here on our last night in Vegas, so we were definitely ready to get comfortable and party up!. . 4. Drinks.  The bar actually wasn't as crowded as other places we went to during MDW2013, and the pours were heavy.  . . 5. Clean bathrooms and private stalls.  I'm talkin' about stalls that actually have walls that go up to nearly the roof, and a real door with a handle and a lock.  I love how I can't hear everything going on in the stall next to me, and that they make the stalls look more homey, which makes me more comfortable being in it!. . 6. Variety.  There seemed to be a large variety of people.  Older and younger, dressy and more casual, in groups and in pairs, girls and guys, and in every race you can think of.. . 7. Guest DJ.  As one of the more popular venues in Vegas, they bring in the popular DJs.  For instance, we came to XS specifically to see David Guetta, one of my faves!. . One interesting rule is you cannot bring any drinks (even in water bottles or anything) anywhere near the line.  I was trying to finish some stuff we were pregaming and the guy at the entrance to the line said I had to be walking in order to drink.  So....I paced up and down the hallway until I was done.  I really didn't think that was necessary since I was still in plain sight to everyone entering the club.. . The view from above: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=dxl73BrAqECoRSscEBNT8A#dxl73BrAqECoRSscEBNT8A. . Dance floor inside: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=IibFs9UiOZ9Z4vPbSIzD3g#IibFs9UiOZ9Z4vPbSIzD3g. . Nearly everyone in our party agreed that XS was their favorite, and everyone had a blast here!  Definitely will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas!!
good looking nightclub with good looking people. I really like pool side area, which is important to me cause i'm there more than half the time since the inside always gets too crowded and stuffy.
Would definitely come here again!  Had a great time!! Half the club is indoors and the other half is outside with a pool.  You can either dress up or come in a bathing suit which is cool.  I had on some shorts and stilettos and fit in perfect!  DJ was mixing nice and I'm not some house junkie but I liked how he threw in a lil hip hop every now and then.  Ended up chilling in a cabana with a nice group of peeps.  The cabana was gorgeous!  Plenty of room and intimate yet still close enough to the music and people that you could mingle.  Self park for $8!! I'm not being cheap but it wasn't a far walk at all.  The line for valet ended in Narnia or Middle Earth...just saying...
XS was a beautiful nightclub that had lots of areas to explore, a relatively fun crowd and (although it took some time) a great DJ.  Your mileage may vary as in any club but it definitely was one of the better clubs in Vegas that I really enjoyed.  . . In terms of costs, guys (unless you're getting a table) should expect to have to get tickets online or brave the lines - expect paying around $30 or more (we paid $50).  Girls should expect to get in either for free or much cheaper depending on your promoter/method of entry.  The line was a breeze though as long as you get there around 9:30-10:00 PM.  . . The venue is pretty awesome.  The main dance floor has a cool spinning chandelier on top along with two go-go dancers on the sides and a not-too small main dance floor.  There are a few bars on the side as well along with an entire outdoor section to explore right behind the dance floor (to get to these sections though requires traversing the edges).  The outside is also gorgeous with several pool areas, bars and a gambling section at the very back that doesn't interfere with the main club section along with it's own go-go dancer.  Drinks were pretty normal fare for a club, nothing special about the taste/price.  . . The DJ set was kind of strange before the main act, Avicii and a lot of my party did not enjoy it.  Avicii himself was awesome and put on a great show (and even from the outside, it was pretty sweet).  However, be warned, again like in most packed clubs, getting on/off the dance floor is a pain and felt at times worse than Marquee in which traffic control was chaos.  Stick to a location and bring lots of drinks or have a table if you have the money.  . . Again, XS was a great-looking club that unfortunately on our night had a ho-hum DJ before Avicii and some crowd control issues within the dance floor itself.  Definitely do want to come back and see more including the night swim!
From what I remember lol this club was very nice but the night I went it was very packed but it's Vegas what big nightclub isn't. The music and crowd here are great.
Located at the Encore and Wynn hotels (pretty much in the tunnel that connects them), XS is a swanky, sexy, classy club that's one of the better clubs in Vegas.  It's a huge venue with a pool and gaming area on the other side of the DJ booth, as well as bars lined up around the sides.  They even have cabana tables IN the pool!  The sound system and lights aren't as great as other clubs, but whatever they have now definitely does the job!. . If you're on a guestlist, you should arrive around 9:45/10PM for guaranteed admission.  On the other hand, if you have a table (or know someone with one), you have comped admission until 12:30/1.  I've thankfully had a table here each time and every time was awesome!  The cocktail servers are accommodating and friendly, and they're quick to mix you up a drink.  (Tip: If you're getting a table, getting one inside is better than outside!). . They typically have a great DJ lineup and the overall atmosphere and vibe of the entire club is always fun!  I've never heard anybody have a bad time at XS so if you're in Vegas -- it's worth checking out!
We bought pre-sale tickets for Afrojack. Tickets for guys was $30 and gals it was $20. Venue is pretty cool, inside you could see the dj and the dance floor, lights. Lots of places to sit and stand around. It gets crowded but you could go outside and enjoy fresh air, dip your feet in the water as well. Drinks are expensive as to be expected, but really a fun atmosphere and vibe. Lights not as good as Hakkasan, but more room to move around and it was interesting people watching. We had a great time.
This place was the jump off. It was one of the better clubs that I have been to.. . I really liked that it had an outside area by the pool. The inside was not that large, but with the outside space was plentiful.. . The negatives start with the entrances. We had prepay tickets which made things go fast once we found the entrance. But we had to swing all of the way around to the back of this big club, and signage was not that great.. . Once in, you can expect to pay a hefty price for drinks, but that's how it is at any of the top clubs in Vegas.. . will.i.am was the DJ for the night. A couple of big bouncers blocked the path to the center of the floor. At first, I was not sure if this was temporary or not. So, I asked one of the guys. It was not a huge deal to me, I just wanted to know. His answer, "I'm not really supposed to do this, but if you take care of me, I will take care of you." Not the answer I cared to know, and it seemed he had a plan. Sketchy.. . But a couple of quirks aside, this is a good joint to party at.
I would've given it 5 stars because I did have a lot of fun! However, the boys I were with were dying! It's hot enough as it is in Vegas, they definitely need to add some fans in the outside areas. Drinks are pricy, but that's the same anywhere in Vegas. Other than the heat situation, the ambiance was great! Music was great, no other complaints here.
I finally made it out to XS on my most recent trip to Vegas! I went on a Saturday and Diplo was the headliner. I bought my ticket presale and printed it out. I arrived at around 10:30pm and found out that they were letting people in very slowly since they blamed it on the rain. We ended up standing in line for over 2 hours! It was ridiculous! . . **The security here was very chill with me though. After waiting in line for so long a couple of my friends had to go to the bathroom. The security guy said it was okay, but after they left I asked the guy if he could do me a favor and prank my friends. So when my friends came back they were about to jump the rope and the security guy went up to them and said "The f***?! We don't do that here. Get to the back of the line." My friends faces were hilarious! It made it even more funny since it was the same guy that said it was okay if they leave the line. I couldn't keep a straight face at all. That guy was definitely chill! . . Anyway, we eventually made it in. It was a good time being with good friends and making new ones. Diplo was great as always. EXPRESS YOURSELF!!!! I'll definitely be back, but next time I'm going straight to my promoter since he said he can get us in without waiting as long as we buy our ticket from him!
XS is the best nightclub in Vegas..  Music and visualization are awesome. Atmosphere is incredible. Very friendly environment. . But yesterday it was overcrowded. It was hard to move around.  The bartenders are rude. One of them simply added the tips in the cost of a  drink w/out saying me anything. Another one refused to take my card payment before I added tips there. And prices are unreasonable.  . They also need more bars. Two obviously weren't enough yesterday.. A lot of people talk about rude securities. Well they deal with a drunk mob, they cannot be nice:) . But overall I had great time. . Definitely come here again.
Came here earlier this year when Avicii was spinning! Oh mannnn. Amazing night! It gets pretty crowded and you better make friends with bottle service tables if you want to sit down! Hahahh but I've always had a great time at XS! Good venue, good company! (:
great place
I don't think I've ever had a bad time at XS. Out of all of the clubs in Vegas, this is at the top of my list. I would say 4.5 stars!. . Forget buying drinks. Get shots and dance outside. :)
Very classy, very high end, very expensive.. . This is the type of place you go to for the experience... at least once.  Be ready to pay for it though.
Really nice place for a club. The wait can be a while, but honestly if your with hot girls, you will get in a lot faster. Overall this is probably one of the more fancier clubs that's Vegas has to offer. Very pricey for the door charge, but you'll have a good time here if house music is the kind you like.
FUN!  FUN!  FUN!   . Tip:  If you are staying at Encore, purchase your tickets through the concierge.  Maximum 5 tickets.  You will go straight in with your tickets.  Others, you will be waiting in line.  There are 3 different lines: VIP, girls, men & couples.  The girl line moves way faster than the men/couples line.  Ladies, ditch your man and meet him in the club because you will be waiting forever (save your feet).  In the men/couples line, they only let in 8 people every 1/2 hour.  * Tip:  If you don't want to wait in line... Tip $$ the bouncers (approx. $20/person)  The best place to hang out is outside by the pool, 1st come 1st serve for the pool chairs.  If you stay inside, you'll be standing and there's not enough room to dance.
The day I went which was Aug. 25th, it was FUN! . . Although the line was very long before you can get in (30 mins wait) but its well worth it. Crowd was large. Dance floor was small but still has places to move around with. The DJs that night was pretty amazing. Playing great music. . . The ambiance of the club was fab since it was young crowd and the place was spectacular. . . I would go again to XS if i go back to Vegas again.
Well I went Labor Day weekend and this shit cracked. Night swim with David Guetta! Got in for free and a comped drink. I got an AMF and it was kinda strong. It's such a nice club, very big and pretty. Since it was a holiday weekend and a big DJ was there it was super crowded...like seriously packed. The only problem I really have with the club is there are no places to sit unless you get a table. I have definitely learned that this is how it works in Vegas. Kill your feet unless you pay. Kinda kills the vibe when your feet are throbbing!
Its awesome being a girl in Vegas.. . 1) Never have to wait in line to get into XS. . 2) Never had to pay to get into XS . . 3) Free drinks. . 4) Easy to swoop on a all guys table (Free table) lol. . Although im pretty much over the club scene, XS has and always will be my fav. the ambiance is just beautiful especially outdoor..  I love taking off my shoes and dancing in the pool. Plus it gives my feets a break from the heels thats always a plus, and I dont look like a ratchet whose walking around barefoot cause everyone is doing it. lol . Not a fan of house music but the DJs are pretty damn dope they make me wanna start housing HAH. . Okay tho one CON walking through the club is not ideal ESPECIALLY when it clearly smells like vomit. SOME PEOPLE JUST CANT HANDLE VEGAS. YUCK.
4.5 Stars.  Great club to visit if you are in Vegas.  The outside of the club has an elegant pool, and gazebo covering a bar and mini casino.  There are also tables surrounding the perimeter of the outside for bottle service.  The inside has a fairly small dance floor in front of the DJ booth and bottle service tables taking up probably 60-70 percent of the indoor area space.  The night I went, Avicii was the performer and he brought quite a crowd.  The place was so packed, it was pretty difficult to find a place for our group of 6 to settle, and that's just about the only bad thing I can say about this place.  Overall, the club was extremely nice and very classy.  The amount of work it took to make this club is amazing and I can't imagine how much it cost to build this place.  If you are a girl I would advise you to just get your name on a guestlist via calling or by one of the dozens of promoters walking around the Vegas Strip.  If you are a guy, you can try your luck by putting your name on the guestlist if you have a lopsided amount of women in your group, but if not, you should just purchase tickets online, which on average is $50.   I would say this and Hakkasan are my favorites.
The best part about being a girl in Vegas is getting in to all the clubs for free. XS is awesome because it is large and has a good amount of crowd. The line to get in was long for guest lists but moved quickly.. . One thing I didn't like as much was that we didn't get a crap load of free drinks tickets like we did at Light. I guess that was good considering there were swimming pools all around and I would have probably fallen into one like my friend did if I had any more to drink.. . Sunday nights are pool party nights so bring your swimsuit. The place is huge so you have plenty of places to hang out and there are even spots to sit down. I like that it was busy but not overly crowded.. . The staff isn't all that friendly. My friend had to look through her phone for our promoters name and the girl yelled at us saying that we should have been ready. It was also super hard to get service at the bar.
Still a very good club after all these years. But wasn't too fond of the shady stuff going on this past Saturday by the staff. . . Contacted host. 3 dudes. Cool. Minimum $1000 gets you a table. Lets do it. . . Get there, walk in through table reservation line, easy walk in, get seated outside by the pool. Nice table, cool night, good music. good stuff.  Tip your host. . . However, then the shady stuff starts. My boy puts the bill on his card. They come back and say his card has been rejected. He shows them his bank account as prove that there must be a mistake. At this point I don't blame the girl, there could have been some issue when running the card. . . Waited for over 30 minutes to get this sorted out. Won't budge. There are some friendly Brits at the table across form us. They come over and in their cool cheeky accents ("Pip Pip Cheerio") tell us they are having the same problem even though they have more than enough funds. Befriend them and bitch about the situation to one another. Another group happens to over hear and says they are having the same problem at their table and there are some girls at another table they just spoke to having the same issue... really XS? I highly doubt broke ass people are going to go through all this trouble just to get rejected after they get seated. . . Knowing how the business works some what I start figuring they want to hold the tables for larger groups with bigger minimums. The night was getting started so I'm sure they could have easily filled those slots if one of us had budge. I put the bill on my card, I definitely have more than the required funds. No issue. All of a sudden all the other cards start working. Just seem pretty shady to me. . . Other than that everything was cool. Good music, good fun. . . Its Vegas. Money talks and people are shady. Make sure you ask all the required questions before you agree to anything. what minimum? what table location will that minimum get you? Arrival time? Is the table yours the entire night? etc. Sometimes its just people being dicks trying to get a tip or force you spend more. Don't budge. . . Ill definitely be coming back. But not as trustworthy of the spot as before.
I've been to XS on a Friday night and a Monday night. Both times I got there well before 11 and walked right in. I was with a mixed party of girls and guys; the girls got in for free but the guys had to pay the first time. The second time, we decided to do a table reservation - though there was no line at all to get in regularly, like any other club in Vegas, if you want to sit down you need to pay. A lot. XS is one of the pricier places on the Strip, but at the same time it's worth every penny. The club is gorgeous. The music depends on the DJ - for my first visit it was a good mix of hip hop and EDM (mostly hip hop, though). For my second visit (just this past weekend) they had a guest DJ, Dirty South, and it was all EDM. Not really my thing but the atmosphere of XS makes it hard not to have an amazing time.. . Our table this past weekend was outside, right next to the pool. You can't go swimming, but there's a wide ledge with ankle-deep water around the entire pool and we took our shoes off and danced in there without any problems. The outdoor area wasn't crowded at all, but you couldn't move inside, especially on the dance floor. That said, looking back I'm not even sure the table was necessary - at least not for the price. But part of that is because we got there early enough to not have to deal with waiting in line, period, and I was wearing comfortable enough shoes to not care about sitting down.. . Regardless, I'd definitely give XS another go on my next trip to Vegas.
So we end up at XS after being unable to get in to Hakkansan and trust me we were not disappointed! This place is incredible the inside was gorgeous and the outside was a great spot to enjoy the music and get some fresh air.. . We end up seeing Rusko  and dancing the night which was a blast.  I would defiantly recommend checking it out here!
Definitely one of the clubs you have to go to if you're in town. Still one of my go to clubs in Vegas!
Still one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. You know once you're inside this is exactly the type of A-list clubs you see in movies. It's beautifully decorated with a nice pool area with cabanas lining the second floor over the outside area, and you can still get a pretty good side view of the stage. However, my last experience there trying to get onto the dancefloor was insane. Even though the dancefloor was packed, it was almost impossible to try and even navigate it because the security guarding the dancefloor walkways wouldn't let you thru unless you were willing to pay them or show them some attention or skin -____- Disgusting! This was the first time I was ever expected of this inside of a club.. you would think they would hassle you with things like that if you were trying to get into the club or jump the line prior to entering... Other then that, the club itself is easy to navigate, and the restroom situation is pretty fast and short (avoid the cabana restrooms).
This is probably my favorite club in Vegas yet. . . This club is huge, and I love the open layout, unlike other clubs which have soo many stairs to climb up and down. We came for Avicii, all the girls got in the free but the guys had to get presale tickets.  Since we came super early, we had lots of time to roam around.. . There is a large pool area, plenty of places to sit, and an indoor dance floor with tables, etc.   I hated the indoor area, it became so claustrophobic when Avicii came on that I had to leave.  The outdoor area became so crowded after that so I only listened to half of Avicii and I had to leave.  I did enjoy the poles that they had for girls to dance on. . . You have to come here if you go to Vegas or else it would be a huge waste.
Xs is probably one of the classiest clubs out here. Security is pretty strict, most clubs will kick you out if you're seen too drunk to handle yourself or if you're spotted doing inappropriate things. . . Tip-Ask your promoter for you to get on the guestlist on tryst for some hiphop and then at a certain time you can walk over to Xs, so in that way when you get sick of one scene you can club hop for free!
Swankified and fun atmosphere, especially when you have DJ's like Afrojack and David Guetta in the house! This is a nightclub that seriously knows how to party.. . Guide to having a good time at XS:. . 1. Go on a night with topnotch DJ's whose music you can groove to for many hours.. . 2. Get a VIP table + bottle service if you can fork up the money. IT'S WORTH IT.. . 3. Look around. Lots of interesting/strange characters!. . 4. Dance. Laugh. Have a good time.. . The layout at XS is great because you get a great view of the DJ from almost every angle. The outdoor area features a pool where crazy antics take place. There is minimal seating for the general public -- gotta stand if you don't pay up. If you're okay on your feet for hours you'll be fine, but ladies know it is SO worth it to have a table. Not to mention service from the hostesses is excellent and they're also pretty cute.. . My favorite part of the night was dancing up on the cushions of our booth seats (happy feet!). It was comfy as well as an awesome vantage point. We could see: 1) all the oddly dressed and/or super drunk people around us and 2) AFROJACK+GUETTA as they dropped those beats!. . DATE TIP (Gentlemen): Make a note of the paragraph above regarding seating. The ladies will love you if you have a table. Or at least visit you to rest their feet. ;). . DATE TIP (Ladies): Cushion dancing is awesome, but at an elevated height one is much more prone to creative pickup lines. A small price to pay for the view you get!
Highlight of the trip!. . My friends and I were rocking this nightclub for the first time.  We enjoy the pool time!  Dance floor, full of people like other famous nightclub.
Awesome night club. DJ Eric Prydz was in the house last week and he rocked the place! Dance floor was more crowded than usual, but that was to be expected. The club has a really nice layout, and I love how it opens up to the outside pool area. Drinks are pretty pricey though. A long island will run you $17. Other mixed drinks around $15. I'm glad they didn't close off the outside like some other clubs just because it's November. The weather is fine and it's nice to get some cool air. I just hope they choose to ban smoking some day. That's always the worst part about any club. But I've always had great experiences here, so I highly recommend it if you're in Vegas.
I came here for Halloween weekend and let me tell you it was crazy packed! I couldnt even really move around! Anyways, I came on Halloween day and Kaskade was performing that night at XS! I was on guest list and i didnt have to wait in line, just got my ID looked at, got my stamp on my hand, walked in and got my free complimentary drink thanks to my promoter Brian T! However, I have to give 4 stars instead of 5 because it was OVERLY packed, like literally OVER CAPACITY! Security wouldnt let people from the inside into the pool area/outside area. I couldnt even really move, but hey I was drunk and the music was great! I'll be back but not on a crazy holiday like Halloween LOL
Came here on Veteran's day weekend when Will.I.Am was performing. Bought presale tickets so woohoo, Zero waiting in line when we arrived around 11pm!!!  If you're with a group of people and there are an even number of guys to girls, or more guys than girls, then definitely buy tickets or reserve a booth. Otherwise, it's pretty much waiting in line for 2+ hours. . . Drinks were definitely watered down so drink up before hand, but at $13 - $16 for the usual drinks, it's not that bad. . . The best part of the entire night in my opinion, was the fact that there are very little stairs! That way, ladies can wear the highest of heels and still survive the night. . . Overall, if you like bright lights, confetti machines on the dance floor, swaying around with a bunch of people, and many opportunities to use instagram, XS will not disappoint.
Ifit gets too crowded, hop in the pool behind the DJ booth! If you're not going in with a table reservation, make sure you get your stamps before 10pm, then go home (to get ready, pregame more, scarf down food, etc.) because there will be a line after 10:30!
After living in Las Vegas for over 7 years, I FINALLY decided to go to XS. I'd previously avoided it because I abhor waiting in long lines, but was convinced to go with some girlfriends and was really impressed.  The line wasn't long at all, and we were able to get right in.. . As I expected, the club is gorgeous. There was enough room to dance, it wasn't crazy crowded, and the bathrooms were spotless (that means a lot). It is, as most Vegas clubs are, heavy on the EDM, but the vibe here was fun and festive. There are all kinds of places to stand above the crowd and dance if you like as well! . . Of course, drinks and bottle service are uber expensive, but that is to be expected, I suppose. Luckily, we were invited to tables, so that wasn't much of an issue!
After you've endured the long wait of wknd night lines for XS, you will be glad you did because this place is AMAZING!. . Everything from the decor, to the drinks, to the people, to the outdoor area screams VEGAS! . . Get your credit cards and cash ready.. its going to be a good time!
Noice
ASIANS ASIANS ASIANS! There are so many Asians here, and I don't blame them because XS is pretty awesome :) I love the patio area in the back as well as all of the decorations/lights/stripper poles in the club. And the BATHROOMS! OH EM GEE the ladies' room is the fanciest bathroom I've ever seen!. . The only complaint I have is the music selection. I'm not a huge fan of techno or house, so it was hard to get hyped up on the dance floor. But that's nothing 3 shots of tequila can't solve!
