~Jesus Serves up @ FEZ!~. . Friday, Christmas Eve.  I finish up at work and finally retrieve new ink cartridges from Staples. Mate and fellow Yelper, Mike M. are famished. Mike relays the fact that He has been intrigued by FEZ since My review, so Mate calls to see if They're open and off We go.... . Who is there to serve Us none other than Jesus, now I know I am going to relax.  . . I started out with the "two leaves and a bud", GreenTea-w-Goji along with a swirl of honey (added in)..  The aroma of the Goji is a subtle fragrance and the Tea itself  is so very flavourful.. . We all are amused by the fish swimming on the projection wall.... . I decided upon the Lamb Kisra, an herbed flatbread with spiced lamb, diced tomatoes, lots of baby spinach, feta & lemon basil dressing.. . Mate had  the FEZ burger with the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries, in His words; "Why mess with perfection!". . My Yelp friend Mike M. had the Douxelle burger, . a HalfPound grilled Angus burger with finely diced and saute'd mushrooms, onions, ProvoloneCheese, whole grain mustard & Roma tomatoes on CiabattaRoll and sub'ed out for the sweet potato fries as well, intrigued by the dipping sauce He exclamed; "It a perfect compliment to My burger as well.". . Another happy ending and so, FEZ converts grow by one. Glad You enjoyed,  Mike.
The food here was great.  We ordered an appetizer of sweet potato fries a with spicy pepper dusting; a wedge salad; and each of us ordered a burger.  The problem was that the fries and salad were served. at the same time and we weren't one third done with those when our burgers arrived.   That said, the food would bring me back again.
OK, so I went to uptown PHX to meet my wife last night. I had seafood, or noodles or sushi on the brain. That is what I wanted, NOTHING ELSE. So, when my wife said, "let's just go to FEZ", I was a little pissed, and I started pouting like a little kid. I asked "what kind of cuisine is it" she said "you'll see" and I was thinking "great one of those trendy little uptown places that are popular because of their "local art" bland food and pathetically small portions" I was still pouting see..... .   Upon entering, we were immediately greeted and sat (even though the place was pretty busy). Both the host and our server had very warm smiles and acted like they loved working at FEZ in uptown Phoenix. Good sign!!!. I noticed mostly a 20 somethings / 30 somethings, hipster type crowd (which, contrary to popular belief, I am cool with) but I also noticed 2-3 tables that had older crowds. Neat, eclectic mix of patrons.. .   Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and made multiple suggestions of the specials and his "favorites".. .  I decided on the blue cheese/balsamic burger (with a side salad). Now, blue cheese and balsamic vinegar are two of my favorite things (when used properly), so I was skeptical.....HOLY CRAP!!! This burger was fan-freakin-tastic. No lies. Cooked to (my)perfection. HUGE layer of blue cheese, and the perfect amount of balsamic, all topped with fresh spinach.. .   My wife went with a flat bread chix, bbq, pear pizza, which she also loved (she didn't act quite as excited as I did. See, she's "been to FEZ many times before, honey") But I tried her flat bread pizza, and decided that it is definitely something I'd order in the future.. .   Our server checked on us quite often and our check was brought quickly. I WILL be going back to FEZ the next time I'm uptown. HIGHLY recommend.
FEZ is pretty good. First off the specials are pretty good value (the time we were there, it was  $3.00 burger). . . Started with the hummus and pita - full of fresh garlic flavor, olives, and a little bit of spiciness, really obvious it was fresh and hand made. The pita was not too dry, and if it was store bought, pretty good.. . Had the grape and goat cheese salad - pretty solid.. . Main course was chicken with lemon and capers, rice pilaf, and spinach. Overall pretty solid dish, chicken wasn't too greasy (it was cutlet and not breaded), pilaf was pretty good, and the spinach was delicious. My fellow diners had the pomegranate chicken (which was like a salad, but messier) and apricot salmon (which was pretty good, not too heavy on apricot flavor). My general observation is that the presentation is a little messy.. . Overall, a pretty good place - the only gripe I have is that I know two chicken cutlets, rice, and spinach costs about $7 to buy, and they charge $17.95 for that dish. Just a littttleee too pricey for me at FEZ. Overall I'd say FEZ is a good place, it just seems a little scatterbrain in presentation, full of ideas and great food on paper, and just a little overpriced.
I recently returned to FEZ for a second visit. The service was much better this time. We were promptly seated and beer was in my belly in not time. Ahi Tuna special for myself and a gourmet burger for my wife. We were both very pleased with those dishes. The Tuna wasn't swimming in spices like Ive had at other places. Just enough so that you could taste the meat. The brownie for desert was excellent as well. Highly recommend it!
My wife and I had been wanting to swing by FEZ for quite some time. A Friday night opened up and there we were, under dressed and hungry, not quite sure what we were in store for. We're not really nightclub sort of people, so luckily we managed to get in in-between happy hour and before the weekend night crowd showed up.. . The pre-dinner cocktails were really good. When our waitress brought us our pomegranate presses, she found that we were already drinking them. A wrinkle in time? Nah, just a food runner mishap that ended up with us enjoying a free round!. . Off to a great start, our food arrived. We ordered the Fez Burger (real yummy, the cinnamon pears really add something special), the italo kisra (flatbread pizza-thing with mozzarella, basil, sun dried tomatoes and a bit of salad on top, pretty good but not super unique) and an order of half-harissa/half-garlic rosemary fries (the spicy harissa fries were the winners here, but we liked that you could mix and match). All-in-all we were super stuffed, but happy for it. Having split everything, we got to sample some great food that doesn't necessarily need the hip atmosphere to be successful, but in FEZ's case it certainly doesn't hurt.. . Would we come back? those stars up there are for the food and the stellar service we experienced, especially with as busy as it was, as I imagine it is every Friday night. HOWEVER, it was loud up in there, loud enough where you couldn't have a decent conversation, you know? But like I've been saying, that's the nature of the beast. It's worth putting up with for a meal that delicious.. . So yes, we would come back... we're real anxious to try the brunch.
Been there twice for lunch with friends. Ordered the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich with Rosemary French Fries both times. Delicious!!! Fun little place in downtown but more expensive than I usually spend on lunch. Service is ok. Interested in checking it out at night for dinner or cocktails. Will definitely go back but there's other places in downtown I'd like to check out and maybe I can hold my breath for a Groupon???
I've visited Fez and few times and plan to put it on regular rotation now that I've moved back to Phx.  Tasty and inventive food, good service, really nice atmosphere.
I always have a great time at Fez.  Sunday night was 50% off of all bottles of wine and we had an excellent bottle of Hob Nob Pinot Noir.  Service was friendly, atomosphere is always an interesting mix and my order the Lamb Kisra was good as always.  The food was out to our table really fast.  You can't miss with Fez, I think it's time for the pomegranite chicken again next time.
Wow I guess checking in here 2 times makes me a regular umm ok. well I came here once on a Sunday evening the place wasnt super busy. Great deal on Sundays half price all bottles of wine. my friend and I split a bottle and then each got a small salad. I got the tomato taza salad with Salmon added my friend got the butterleaf salad.  My salad was pretty decent. the waiter reccomended the fez salad but of coarse i didnt pick it. stupid, overall left full the small salads are huge!! not sure what the larges look like. . . Second visit we went for Sunday Brunch can't beah three dollar bloody marys. Pretty tasty and strong. only wish they came with a celery :)  I choose the "best egg white omlette you ever had" it was really tasty! came with salad and 2 sourdough slices. I ate half took the rest home. . . I will be back to FEZ for sure!
Eating at FEZ takes preparation; specifically in the arena of oral hygiene. Gum, mints, tums--these are all necessary if you want to continue socializing after eating anything on the menu. . . I usually stick with the kisras because they are easy to split (the portion sizes are too much for me...they are HUGE). The shrimp is the best for sure, but I also like the italo. . . I tried the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich last time, and it was exceptional. All of the ingredients meshed so well together. However, I'd do light goat cheese next time because it was really overpowering the sandwich. . . All of the fry baskets are amazing, and the garlic and rosemary fries are the best. I really like the sweet potato fries too, but I think that Delux really has the market on those. . . Drinking at FEZ, in the words of Jay-Z, is "so necessary." All of their $3 daily specials are awesome. I especially love the Pomegranate Presses on Friday nights (try the signature margaritas on Mondays, as well). Happy hour is available seven days a week from 4:00 to 6:30 and 10:00 to midnight. I really like that they still have happy hour on weekend nights! . . All of the dishes are really good, but be sure to bring something to freshen your breath. If not, you give everyone you have close contact with a taste of your meal. . . P.S. They have lint rollers available if you need them after you put your napkin in your lap. I love the attention to detail!
1. Sophisticated palate. 2. Bottomless pit for a stomach. 3. Penchant for sweet potato fries. 4. Specialty burger connoisseur. 5. Cocktail consumer. 6. Trendsetter. . If you can identify with one or more of the qualities above, this is the place for you.  . . Their food is inventive, flavorful, and PLENTIFUL!  It's the perfect place for date night/happy hour/brunch with the girlfriends.
Went for an early dinner around 5:30 last Saturday and was really pleased with the experience.  The restaurant has a contemporary feel and plays a good selection of music.  The chicken sandwiches are great, in particular the rosemary chicken sandwich.  Thankfully they give you an entire pitcher of water, because their glasses are very small, as they are trying to keep up with the contemporary feel in every respect.  But service was great.  I was a little disappointed with the side salad that comes with the dish, as the dressing was not that appealing.  I didn't like the fact you had to pay $2 extra for fries instead.  However, overall I would return and would recommend this restaurant.
2 for 1 drinks at night, awesome homemade veggie burger & by far some of the BEST salad dressings I've ever had. Shrimp & fruit salad with the champagne dressing was amazing. Their house dressing is just as good. By far my fave meal is now brunch. I ordered the "best egg white omelet you've ever had" & I must agree! The omelet was huge and packed full of awesomeness and flavor. The drinks were only $3 a glass. Peach Bellini's, bloodies, G-Spot, mimosa's! I am hooked to brunch. They also serve late night, until 12am! FEZ I'm such a fan!
I really liked it!  We sat up at the bar, had some wine, a couple of the signature entrees.   Will definitely go back soon!
Everything I've ever eaten here has been amazing. I especially love the sweet potato fries (with cinnamon).
I've been to FEZ countless times in the past few years and must say, it's one of my favorite places in the downtown area. They use eclectic blends of pesto and cinnamon and fruits-in-places-you-don't-think-they'll-fit to liven up your ordinary burger or salad. Yom! . . Their service is amazing. They have daily drink specials. My favorite is the $3 vodka pom-presses on Fridays and the $5 martini Mondays. . . Whether you get one of their main dishes or a burger, you'll leave satisfied.. . I've had the FEZ Burger, the Bleu cheese balsamicburger, the Tangier burger, tried all of their fries, had their mushroom risotto, the apricot salmon, the chicken lettuce wraps, seafood kibis, and have tried a handful of their martinis. I always leave with tons of leftovers and am never disappointed with their service or their food.. . I love FEZ!
I love Fez. I have been coming here for years. The food is always good and there is something for everyone on their menu. One negative: the service is mediocre. It can be quite hit or miss, and sometimes the servers are just plain slow. One suggestion: the menu could use an update. The dining options have been pretty much the same for years, and it would be fun to mix things up a little. One more thing, I have ordered take out for groups of about 20 before...the staff and chef were GREAT to work with and extremely accommodating. This is a nice asset on the Central corridor.
Let me just start off by saying that I was surprised and pleased with this restaurant. . . I have been here twice. The 1st time I had already eaten and was just going on an impromptu visit with a friend to meet other friends. . . I wish I hadn't already eaten the first time: the food looked delectable.. . The second time I insisted my boyfriend and I go there when were downtown buying records at Revolver (another good place to go). . . I'm vegetarian and there were some, but not a lot of vegetarian options on this menu, but boy are the vegetarian options tasty. I got the black bean burger and replaced the tomato goat cheese spread and replaced it with their pesto and it was absolutely delicious. I am conscious eater and usually package a half of a sandwich and take it home, but this one I could not do that, for I was enjoying it too much. I've nibbled on the hummus as well, and that was delicious. It had a tangy twist to it and the pita that came along with it was soft and warm and not chewy (like a lot of non hand-made pita can be). My boyfriend got the lamb Kisra, Kisra's being one the things they pride themselves on and he enjoyed every bite. . . The service was great. I wish I could remember our server's name, but he was sweet and checked up on us enough, but not too often. The only downside was that he didn't fill up our water cups during dinner. But that seems like such a small downside considering how great our meal was and how accommodating our server was. . . It's a pretty good price for the presentation and quality of food. It's definitely a bit of a trendy atmosphere that seems to be bustling often, but if you're a late dinner eater like me, this place will have slowed down by then and the quieter atmosphere ensues. Dimly lit at night, and full of natural light during the day; Fez's good food and pleasing atmosphere shouldn't seem to disappoint someone looking for some well made in-between gourmet in the heart of Phx that available till midnight!
Consistently good!  Excellent food and friendly service at a fair price!  Their bleu cheese burger is the best burger anywhere, period.  Same goes for the sweet potato fries.
Enjoyed a great evening with a large group so other than the fact we were very loud we had great fun!  Lettuce wraps are a must!  Turkey burger and sweet potato fries were very tasty.
FEZ 2 - Electric Boogaloo. . I decided to give FEZ another shot...I mean with this many good reviews, and I did love the food during my first visit, how could I possibly be the only one who didn't care for it?. . I didn't have a problem at all with my waiter last time - when he got to us. This one, Kirk, was quick and extremely personable. He also sat down with us (a PLUS in my book) and made some jokes at my expense - which, as long as they're funny, is also a huge bonus. Uh, yeah, they were funny.. . This time I ordered the Marinara Pasta with Shrimp and Rosemary and Garlic Fries for appetizer. My chum I was with (a newbie to FEZ) ordered a "Go Green Pasta with Chicken." All dishes were great, but to be honest, we both liked the fries the best. (Unfortunately, the garlic bread was hard as rock and was "somewhat cut" but not enough to pull apart to dip in the sauce. Too bad.). . There was, I believe to be "the manager" or at least supervising person running around making sure everything was set. Let me tell you...this was welcomed from my last visit to FEZ. Further, this is what I appreciate and value from "real" restaurants: an active, friendly and devoted superior that's visible in the restaurant and not just back in the office on the phone or out for a smoke.. . Since this was a Wednesday, and my last chaotic trip was on a Saturday, it was a lot quicker service and time to be sat. It was still busy, even for a Wednesday night and I would still recommend reservations anytime you plan a trip.. . I hope people make it through my first rant to get to this: I DO recommend FEZ to anyone, especially for those downtown.  But, do take the light rail people: save the environment, it's immediately outside of the restaurant and your temper due to the not so friendly parking - thanks FedEx.. . It has a good staff, comfortable surroundings and the customers there always seem to be having a good time and engaged in good conversations. (Yeah, I'm a chronic eavesdropper and people watcher. Ha.). . Come and join the FEZolution! . . (Ohh...Sorry about that last line...that's probably why I was fired from marketing...)
Love, love, love Fez.. . The food is delicious, the drinks are yummy, and the scene is ferosh.. . The only complaint is that the wait staff is very hit or miss.  The first two times I came here we had very inattentive servers (the "it takes twenty minutes to get a greeting and our drink order in" kind....) but ever since we have had nothing but phenomenal service.. . I especially love coming here during happy hour for discounted, delicious drinks and can have a phenomenal meal for under $20!!. . Give Fez a try- you won't be disappointed.
Love this place!  The food was great, the atmosphere is cool and the service is good.  Their martinis are fantastic and pretty large!  The appetizer platter was perfect for our large group.  The turkey burger was so tasty too!
I had the best time at Fez for my pre 21st birthday!  Complimentary almond brownie with ice cream! And Birthday shots for the whole table!. . I don't remember the waitress name but she was great!  The food was delicious but I found it odd that the burger that my cousin and bf ordered was $10 and didn't come with fries.. that's $2 extra. But I guess you have to pay the price to get fat, ha!  The food was delicious, interior was nice!. . I'll definitely go back!
Food was excellent. The service was very good. I had the all American burger. It had an unexpected kick to it (horseradish) but it was really tasty. I wasn't really impressed by the music. But I would definitely go back fir the food.
Took a night off from the boyfriend and made plans to hang out with some friends.  We originally were going to have Thai food, but the restaurant was closed so we wandered up the street to Fez.. . What yummy serendipity.. . I wasn't sure what to expect, to be honest.  Appetizers of the best hummus I've had since eating at an Iranian restaurant in Abu Dhabi and some chicken-salad-esque lettuce wrap set the stage.  So tasty!. . I had a rosemary chicken sandwich (without peppers) and a side salad.  Normally grilled chicken sandwiches are kind of bland, but this one was very very good.  The flavors played together nicely and it just a nice, light dinner.. . I found the atmosphere to be pleasant (the boyfriend, who had been another time, thought it was snobby and Scottsdale-y, but I didn't get that perception at all).. . I can't wait for the opportunity to go back and order more of those appetizers.
Fun place in Phoenix downtown.. . I have been here over 5 times, sometimes with a bunch of friends and sometimes just with  my husband. It is always fun to go there over a weekend dinner. Even in a place like Phoenix it is buzzing at 9:30 am which is a plus.. . I was tempted to give it a 5 star but my experience last night was not that good as far as the service went. My server was more worried about cleaning another table than getting me water. I was so thirsty (obviously it is summer and it is Az) that after 20 minutes I requested another server to get me a glass of water. Even when we finished our dinner, we waited for her to show up like for 15  minutes.. . A quick tip- DO NOT SIT OUTSIDE IF YOU WANT A GOOD/FAST SERVICE, sit indoors.
My yelpathon (http://www.hngrysam.com/?p=20) brought me to Fez for drinks before dinner in downtown phx one night. I can't speak for the food, but the drinks and atmosphere were awesome. The apricosmo was the best - pretty strong, but I didn't complain :). . The other reviews speak for themselves, here. Great place for happy hour!
I met up with some girlfriends during a pretty busy lunch rush.  The service was spectacular and didn't miss a beat even though every table was taken.  . . The rosemary chicken sandwich was awesome. The chicken phyllo apps were delish as well, loved the dipping sauce that came w/ them.. .  Our servers suggestions were spot on.
Tonight I finally tried this place. I went during happy hour (unknowingly) so I was VERY happy to see that drinks were 2-4-1. WOOT! What a great deal. I ordered a half and half order of their spicy and cinnamon fries. My God they were tasty! I LOVED the decor here too. Only 4 stars because I didn't really get to try the food, but it definitely had me intrigued. I will be back, Fez!
FEZ does a damn decent job at most everything they touch. I've been twice now (with groups that like to share) and the quality is high, dishes are flavorful, and the prices are great. Service has been tops both times and the atmosphere is downtempo, laid back, but not blaring-music-loud. Very cool.. . I had their mushroom burger my first go around, which was pretty damn tasty, but for being not quite as medium rare as I would've liked. Otherwise, it was damn good.. . Today, I split their pomegranate chicken with the fiancee. It was fantastic; perfectly breaded, insanely flavorful, and the chicken was hot while the salad it was served over was still cool, which I really appreciated. (We were there at 3pm on a Sunday; I hope that'd still be the case during their more busy time as well...). . They have great hummus, good sweet potato fries, and fresh, creative salads. . . Overall, a fun twist on psuedo-mediterranean, like a more competent Pita Jungle in a sense.
I'd heard some great things about FEZ and decided to give the place a try. . . Atmosphere:  five stars. I call it "effortlessly trendy."  There are also a variety of seating options: the bar area, conventional dining room, patio, or comfy couches in the lounge area are all very appealing.. . Some very extraverted individuals graced the bar.  Definitely a unique place AND no TVs in the bar--points in my book.  The wine list was quite expansive, and there were some creative cocktails to choose from. Plus, there's a nightly happy hour with drink specials. Saturdays are brewsky nights. . . We ordered hummus and veggies. The hummus was mighty garlicky (yet incredibly tasty), and we had to order a second round of veggies. I glanced at the menu--many of the items would have hit the spot!
Okay, I finally tried FEZ after hearing such great things about it from my partner and his sister. First off we were greeted at the door by the manager (which I was like cool), but that was where it dropped from 5 stars to 4 stars for me, after we were seated it took about 30 mins for anyone to come up and even ask us did we want anything to drink. In the meantime some people were seated and had ordered drinks not two tables away from us. At this point I was about to leave, then the manager came up and asked us have we ordered, and I was like a matter of fact we haven't, well he got us some waters and then we got the best server ever assigned to us and the night just went up from there. . Now I am a person that can hold their liquor very well, that being said one martini and two margaritas later my head was swimming, and the waiter then told us, "Yeah we are known for our strong martinis". To make a long story short the food was wonderful the drinks have no equal, the only thing I would suggest, is not to get seated by the manager if you can help it, lol. Our bill came out to well over 100 dollars, but it was worth every penny. Will be going back as soon as I can get another day off.
We stopped by Fez when they opened for the lunch crowd earlier today. There was only one other occupied table in the whole place. We were greeted by a young man and brought to a corner table by the window.. The gentleman took our drink order. We ordered 2 iced teas. He asked us if we wanted flavors or plain. I asked him about the flavors they offered and he mentioned several exotic flavors. So settled on the ginger peach and my husband ordered the pomegranate. Our server returned with 2- 16 oz bottles from the Republic of Tea. I was surprised, he failed to mention that these were bottled teas and are additional charge. 4.50 each! As much tea as we drink and it was so hot, I felt we were ripped off. But a lesson learned. He also failed to mention the special, as I heard one of the other servers at another table telling her diners. On the other hand, the food made up for it. I ordered the Fez Burger, after reading Howard Seftel's review I knew it was THE one! My husband ordered the Balsamic Bleu Cheese burger with spicy fries in addition to the salad.. I started to notice there were about 3 flies buzzing about near the window. And one big horsefly. There was also a bee. I was ready to move to another table but instead moved our table inches away from the window. My husband ended up killing the bee. Anywhooo, When the food arrived it looked delicious. Both were served on ciabatta rolls that held their shape well. It tasted fresh not stale. My Fez burger was cooked perfectly. A 1/2 lb burger with a brushing of molasses bbq, crispy fried thin onions, cilantro, cinnamon pears, and a garlic aioli. I substituted bleu cheese crumbles for the feta that usually comes with it. If you like bleu cheese I highly recommend this! I was going to eat half of it then bring the rest home but could not stop! It was one of the best burgers I ever had. I don't like the usual condiments on a burger and I felt this burger was set apart from everything else.  The only way it would have been better, was if the pears were more carmelized. They were a bit to soft, but it was still delicious. . My husband enjoyed his burger as well. Bleu cheese crumbles,spinach,chopped red onions,balsamic reduction and a garlic aioli. He ordered the spicy fries. This was the one thing I did not like. It tastes like fries that were shaked into a bag of chili powder. They needed another component to them because they were bland. Spicy, but bland. Both burgers came with a salad on the side of mixed greens and a lemon vinagarette with shredded carrots. A bit heavy on the carrots, but I thought the salad was a nice addition to our meal. Burger with a side salad 10.95, add fries for 2.25.. I would have given this place 5 stars, but our server only came back once to bring us a glass of ice and to see how we were doing.  This would not stop me from going back. He wasn't great, but he was not a bad server either. The vibe is hip,trendy and a great place for a date or a meet up with friends. Not a place to bring kids. They had a great outdoor patio and a wine bar as well.  By the time we left, the place was packed and people were waiting to be seated. Next time I am in the downtown area, I will go back!
Fez, Fez, Fez is like an icon for gay community in phx. they r luxurious, they r fancy and good taste. The food is awesome, the drinks incredible and fruity hahaha, the service is so friendly (ask for Monika she's the best) is a mix of crow, from gay, to straight to families all kind of people. seriously u will leave loving this place.....!!!!
It was a busy Friday night. We were seated pretty quick, but waited over 15 minutes for our server. We had to grab a server who had walked by our table a few times to ask if we could order drinks. Once our server arrived he was very friendly and prompt. I think he was overwhelmed and had not noticed our table?. . We ordered fun drinks that were delicious. I got the apple salad that was super light and refreshing, perfect for a hot summer day. I tried my friend Turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread that was quite large in size and flavor. I also tried my other friends Caesar salad, THIS WAS THE BEST CAESAR SALAD I'VE EVER HAD! The dressing has pesto, of which I am a fan.   We ordered dessert which decadent as usual.. . The atmosphere is fun and trendy. Pretty loud and happening. I will definitely go there again, and I'll tell my friends!
Love love love the strawberry salad I had from here! Can't wait to go back!
BEST SWEEt POTATO FRIES EVER!!!! . . ...also, i love the bloody marys!
Some days Sweet D and I get some time alone.  And some summer days I'm in town.  Those converged today.   Since I've been telling out-of-towners FEZ is one of the highest/most often rated dinking (dining and drinking) spots in Central PHX, I needed some detail.. . First, unlike all you other Yelp*ers, this will not be a place for us to drop casually by for a meal or our favorite beverages.  Our enjoyable lunch dining experience cost nearly $50.00, including tip.  It will be a place for a memorable dining experience, probably in the cooler months in the outside, streetside dining room, at night when the decor and lighting will be at their artsy modern best.  The background music, contemporary, world, quieter pop and rock is fine any time.. . Reading some of the other reviews it appear solo men sometimes get verbally and visually groped.  This didn't happen to me.  When it has other places, I've gained insight into the plight of women, unless you're a woman who likes all the overt, very forward attention from admirers.  I understand women have several connections between each brain hemisphere while men have only one.  We know where THAT one goes, don't we?  Sorry guys, I won't be sending out of town business visitors here because of the potential overtness issue, my rep and because the expense account in my line of work would be atomized from a fully coursed meal at FEZ.  . . Sweet D ordered a pomegranate ice tea.  An Adam's Ale for me.  The tea was decent, but not worth the price to Mr. Cheapskate.  The Adam's Ale was Phoenix' finest, perfectly clear, refreshingly cool, notes of potassium, calcium and magnesium a background to the intense lemon overtone.. . We started with the 50/50 soup, lettuce wraps and sweet potato fries.  Why three appetizers?  The soup and wrap flavors and ingredients looked interesting and worth sampling.  I like sweet potato fries and am interested how eateries serve them.. . There are three regular and sweet potato.  You can order them any way you wish within the herb and spice flavor spectrum.  There are four flavors including the cinnamon dusted sweet potato.  The medical establishment is taking food as medicine seriously, and cinnamon is an excellent blood treatment, particularly for diabetes.  77 grams of sweet potato have 300% of recommended vitamin A RDA, 30% of vitamin C, lots of fiber, etc.  . . The Cinnammon Dusted sweet potato fries turned out to be Cinnamon Toast Crunch sweet potato fries, coated with the same cinnamon and sugar mix I ate on toast when I was small.  Adios diabetes helper.  Too sweet for me.  The sweetness of the apricot aioli would have been just enough, the flavors changing nicely when the fries were dipped and eaten.  The fries were cooked the best of any I've eaten anywhere, thorougly cooked but not painfully crispy or caramelized to near-burning.  . . The cumin cinnamon carrot and tomato lentil soups were excellent.  Again, health-supporting combinations, freshly made, well seasoned flavor balanced. . . I'd not call the lettuce wraps "wraps".  Reading the menu, I wondered what Romaine cups were.  I knew someone working in a rural resort with a Cordon Bleu chef.  People drove in from throughout the area for the food.  The chef prepared his daily artistry, people called in to see what was for dinner at the lodge.  After reading the French items from the menu, that bozo took it upon themself to translate.   Boeuf  bourguignon and pomme de terre became beef stew and red skin potatoes.  In the spirit of that downer of a human being, I'll tell you that Romaine cups are Romaine leaves.  The lettuce wraps are more like fajitas.  Load up your five Romaine cups as you please with the delicious mixture of minced grilled chicken,  dried fruits and vinaigrette.  An excellent appetizer.  . . We could have made the soup and lettuce wraps a meal.  We set aside the sweet potato fries, vowing to go cinnamon-dusted only next time.        . . We finished our meal with the rosemary chicken sandwich.  True to FEZ' American/Med/Maroc culture, this delicious item was a Levanter of pesto, rosemay, roasted red pepper and chicken. . . Outstanding food aiming to keep you tastefully healthy.  A great brunch, lunch or evening dine at street level Central PHX.    . . We'll be back.
This place is some tasty tasty stuff.  Been here numerous times, and you can't miss with anything on the menu.  Great fries!
First of all it's way to dark. I get ambiance but if u can't even see the menu it's a bit overboard , well unless you are there with an ulgy chick and you dont want to see their face at dinner before you get a few drinks in you to take her from a 2 to a 10. I get that there is "mood lighting" and then there's  I can't afford the light bill. ...... . We ordered appetizers which I was really looking forward to. Just so happens our waitress forgot them. On a lighter note we got our meal very quick.. . I ordered a steak which let me just say was 100% better than the steak I had the  night before at Gallo Blanco. The asparagus I had was not cleaned properly and I got the unedible ends. The gf had a butter leaf salmon salad which she found to be amazing. From my side of the table it looked pretty good (that is what I could see of it since it was so damn dark). . Onto the weather forecast. It feels like its going to snow in here (and we live in Phoenix with it being over 100 degrees outside currently).  With it being so dark on top of the freezing air it could b a complete white out.. . As for not getting our appetizer the waitress promptly made up for it with free desert. Good recovery on the part of the waitress . . After the dessert which was warm brownie with ice, all I got to say is WHAT APPETIZER????  Redemption at it's finest. . . Overall we would eat here again. Next time we are just bringing a snowsuit, ear muffs and a flashlight. . GOOD DINNER TO THE FOLK AT FEZ.
Let me start off by saying that I've never been a fan of Fez. And let me now clarify that and say that I'm not a fan of the food, but I'm a fan of the service and the professionalism. I've never had anything cooked bad, etc., I'm just not a big fan of their menu. Personal choice. But several people in my dinner group love it so we go there from time to time, and I suffer through it. . . I was in charge of the arrangements tonight, and I used their website reservation system to make reservations for 12 on Wednesday. I stand by my Quick Tip stating that this reservation system is really, really bad. This is the wording from the website: "Complete this reservation request form and we'll contact you ONLY if there is a conflict or question about your reservation. Otherwise consider your request fulfilled!" You get no confirmation, nothing. I didn't hear anything from them, so I assumed that the reservation was good to go. Guess what? We arrive and there is no reservation. Twelve hungry, some bitchy, gay men of a certain age with no dinner reservation. I can feel some of you shuddering right now.. . And then the magic happens. Chelsea (more on her later) comes up and appeases us in the best way a good fag hag with experience will do. We were assured that they would "make good" and find a way to accommodate us, and after apologies all around from waitstaff and management alike, we had several small tables pushed together and were seated. No small feat for a Friday night at 7 pm. We were informed that we would have comped drinks and apps for the trouble. . . Eddie: Is Champas all right with you Pats? Patsy: Lovely darling. Eddie: Should we finish off the beluga or should we have some smoked salmon nibbly things?. . The only app I sampled was the hummus, but there were several other offerings that were scarfed down, along with some pear martinis and pomegranate libations of some sort. I was going to order my old Fez stand-by, the blue cheeseburger, when Chelsea informed us of the special of the night. A chicken cordon bleu variation with honey mustard sauce and mashed potatoes. Sold. The chicken was pounded flat with a great Panko crust and the sauce had a sweet tang that was really quite good. I wish this was on the menu all the time. . . Chelsea handled a large table of obnoxious, randy queens like a pro. Working at Fez, I'm sure she has had her share of snatches on parade, but her humor and unflappability were greatly appreciated. What started off as a potentially horrible night turned into one of the most fun and memorable dinners our group has experienced in a long time. So Bravo! Fez. I stand by my statement about the reservation system, and I still won't say I'm a fan (personal taste), but I won't cringe when Fez comes up on the go to list from now on.
Just went here for the first time during brunch. I had a great experience; everything from our food to our service. The prices are decent and the menu is diverse. Check this place out if you're in the central Phoenix area!
Do the fries basket and try all the fries...delicious!. . The veggie burger: One of the first I had, being a meat lover I avoided it forever, but this was actually really good and more flavorful than a regular burger.. . Drinks are good. Service is good. Location is weird, next to a Kinko's. You'd probably spot the Kinko's before you spot Fez. When you see Kinko's turn right into the lot or you'll miss it!
I'll agree with earlier reviews that the food is incredibly flavorful and fresh. I was visiting for business and this restaurant was a bright spot in an otherwise average travel experience. . . I dined with two colleagues and we were impressed and satisfied with the specialty seasoned fries as well as the hummus. The portions are very generous and we could have been completely satisfied sharing these appetizers as our meals. . . We underestimated the portions and so I ordered an entree. Despite feeling incredibly overfed I was able to eat at half of my black bean veggie burger. It was worth it - all of it.  . . Phoenix is incredibly fortunate to have such a delicious restaurant. . . Post Script: The service was friendly, prompt and quick. Very well done.
FEZ has become a downtown Phx institution...with good reason.  The atmosphere is great, modern/hip...yet very laid back.  Best time to come to here is for Sunday brunch.  They have a separate brunch menu with delicious items, as well as their normal menu.  I love the variety they have at FEZ, there really is something for everyone and every dish is unique.  For brunch, you must get one of their special drinks...they are only $3.  I always get the G-Spot....its full of grapefruit wonderfulness, they are pretty strong too, you'll notice that once you finish #2 haha.. . I'm not going to review a specific dish, because literally everything I've tried is delicious and completely different.  The ingredients always taste fresh, and the flavors are always satisfying.
This was between an a-ok and a Yay! I'm a fan. for me.. My husband was definitely a fan, he had the tangier burger with sweet potato fies.  It was good, especially the fries, he said it was the best burger he has had in a while.. I had the fez burger, while I wasn't as smitten as my husband it was good, the spicy harrissa fries are awesome.  . His burger was on special and we both had the grapefruit vodka drinks they had on special, making the price of the meal pretty awesome, I'm sure this is playing a large part in my husbands love for FEZ.  . Our server was MIA after our food was dropped, which is sort of a service pet peeve of mine, but waving down another server who was happy to help was not at all difficult.. Overall good food and good price, we'll be back.
Loved the food, the serving staff was super friendly and helpful.. . Will go back again next time I'm in Phoenix.
Yelp reviewers were spot on once again in their comments about this place. We've driven by many times and have often mentioned that we needed to try it 'some time'. And on our way to the Spanish Market at the Heard Museum, we decided we'd stop in. It was still early so we opted for the breakfast fare - the fritatta was excellent. Wonderful blend of feta, artichokes and tomatoes. The side of fresh spring greens were a perfect compliment and not drowning in dressing. If you love bacon - you won't be disappointed - you get about 5-6 strips! Topped off with an Irish coffee on a misty gray day - what more could you want. The atmosphere is nice - trendy & casual. The only reason this isn't a 5-star review is that although our server was nice and personable, it took a long time to 1) get our drinks, 2) get our bill when we were done & 3) get the bill back for signing. The food was great and certainly worth another visit.
Love how late they serve food. Good place to grab dinner.
On a recent Sunday, on my way to get brunch at a downtown eatery, I had a horrible realization.  My restaurant didn't open until 10:30, and it was only 10:00.  I couldn't wait, I needed food STAT!. . And then I saw Fez.. . I ordered a G-Spot (drink), which is appropriately named.  Light and fizzy, it was delicious.  Not in the mood for breakfast foods I ordered a Balsamic Blue cheese burger with spicy fries.. . In no time at all I had a beautiful plate of food in front of me.  The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious.  Even with strong flavors like Blue cheese and Balsamic glaze the flavor of the beef stole the show. The fries were messy and wonderful, chock full of spicy goodness.  I felt no shame for the spice stain that surrounded my mouth.  The fries came with a garlic aoli that perfectly balanced out the flavors.. . Since that first fateful visit Fez has slowly taken over as my brunch spot of choice.  I'm ok with that.
I went to FEZ for the first time this past weekend. Love the mid-scale urban feel. Both the restaurant and the bar areas are cozy along with a nice outdoor patio. For starters the drinks were mixed to perfection. I ordered the veggie burger with salad and I must say this is the BEST veggie burger in Phoenix and the salad was simple, fresh and dressed with just the right amount of one of the finest house vinaigrettes I ever had. I'm originally from NYC and you might call me a foodie so, I set the bar fairly high and I'm not easily impressed but FEZ has earned my respect and I will be back.
Came with local friend Matthew for lunch.  Phoenix is deceiving: everywhere looks dead since nobody is walking outside, but the restaurants are totally packed--such a strange dichotomy.  Quick service and faster food for such a crowded place.  Nice vibe with a colorful modern feel, high stools, combination lounge + restaurant.  As promised the FEZ burger was great: 1/2# grilled angus burger with spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on ciabatta.   Ordered a soup (they gave me a mix instead but it was nice): the cumin cinnamon soup was a nice combo!   As true to Phoenix, gigantic supersize drinks with refills, my Diet Coke addiction has returned again.  Love to come back for dinner!
IF YOU ARE A FRENCH FRY FREAK... YOU WILL LOVE FEZ!!! They have a glorious selection of french fries that are accompanied by wonderful dipping sauces!!! The drinks are great along with all of the other food. They have great drink specials, oh and did I mention the great FRENCH FRIES!!!!
Good food for not a lot a money.  Nice portion sizes too.  Definitely check out the monthly special.  Very loud, but we'll be back.
Went there last week with a friend for lunch.  Yumsters!  She had the caesar salad with chicken and I had the pasta special.  Both were absolutely delish.  Just the right amount of salad dressing and lots of chicken in her salad and my pasta dish was perfect.  I am definitely going there for dinner and/or happy hour.  Oh, yes, we mustn't forget the service.  The server and the hostess were quite friendly, efficient, and professional.
Sweet baby jesus the garlic hummus is to DIE for. Switch up the oh so good but carbo bad bread accompanying said hummus with fresh veggies. Score. Be still my heart.
Love the fries here! Great food for awesome prices! Love to bring out of town guests here.
Home to one of the most interesting and eclectically topped burgers in Phoenix, FEZ is hard to classify but still delicious and hip.. . The burger I speak of, the FEZ burger, (yes, I'm reviewing yet another burger, I really need to quit the red meat) has an angus patty, spicy honey molasses BBQ, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on a ciabatta roll.  It seems like a marriage of flavors that could only end in divorce..... . It won't.  It's awesome.  Try it, seriously.. . Great place for drinks as well.  Very trendy here.
Had dinner here recently with my husband. We ordered salads and enjoyed them alot. We didnt eat anything additional from the main menu, so its hard to rate the food just based on salads, but we would definitely come back. The atmosphere was nice and the place had a buzz. We were seated by the door in the back that led to the outside porch. I would have liked a table more centrally located, but the place is not large and there was a huge party taking up alot of the tables. Parking lot was ample although it was filled.  All in all a nice experience.
Best sweet potato fries in the valley. Blue Cheese Burger is yum-o and the Martini's rock! . The tables are small and close together the light is low. This place gets crowded and can be a little loud - we always make reservations if we are going with more than a couple people.
Had lunch here the other day for the first time and it was a very nice experience.  The restaurant is very modern in design, but a little bit too closer quarters.  The tables seem to be a bit too close together so you are siting very close to everyone else near you..  The waitress we had was very friendly and had our drinks refilled before they were empty even though they were fairly busy.  As is par for the course in some places in Phoenix the parking is horrible with most of the good spots reserved for the store next door.  It's a bit of a hike from the back lot to the restaurant .  I'm not sure where you would park if  the lot is full; I guess we lucked out.  The fries were pretty tasty I don't think they are the best I have ever had, but they are quite good. I had the Green pasta as recommend in the other reviews and it is very good and should be tried even if you aren't a veggie person.  We had the brownie for desert, I'm not really a fan of that it tasted a bit too undercooked and it was incredibly sweet.  It tasted more like sugar than brownie/cake like.  . . Try:.   - Green Pasta.   - Sweet Potato Fries
Went to lunch with my mother and we really enjoyed it.  Seems to be a place where people go to eat and sit and visit.  Food was good and so was the service.
This place is so good!. . This is a prefect place for a first date. Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders with decent priced drinks. Had the marinara something pasta lol I forgot what it was called but it was bomb! Great location in central Phoenix next to the light rail.
My husband says this place has the best Caesar salad and I Love their Rosemary fries.  The staff is a little snobby but that fits well with their artistic modern  atmosphere I suppose.   The decor is what I dream my art room to look like!
A really cool trendy burger bar just north of downtown Phoenix.  The contemporary ambiance gives off a really fun vibe that makes it feel cool from the moment you walk through the door.. . I went with the fez burger.  If they're going to stamp their name on it, it should be good.  It's topped with spicy honey molasses barbecue, cinnamon pears, feta cheese, a lemon garlic aioli, and crispy onions.  Like all of FEZ's burgers it comes on a ciabatta bun, and the patty is shaped rectangular so it fits perfectly. Awesome that I never took a bite of just bread.  All the stuff on the few burger is very flavorful, but I think it over compensated for a less than stellar patty.  I wasn't too keen on the quality of the beef (plus, mine was undercooked, but not enough to complain.  My girlfriend actually said that her burger tasted overcooked, but also not enough to complain).  The salad that comes with the burger is quite tasty as well.  You can also substitute for fries for an up charge, but if you're with a group it's a much better deal to order a basket of fries.. . The customer service is terrific.  Our waitress was a little slow, but she made up for it with a really cool act.  After a man at the table next to us got on a very loud and uncomfortable rant, yelling at the woman he was with (I don't want to get into what we was saying, but let's just say I was very happy that she got up and walked out on him), the waitress brought a free dessert to our table for having to sit through that.  It was totally unnecessary, but a wonderful gesture.. . I'm going to say that FEZ was more of a three-and-a-half star experience, but deserves to be rounded up to four.  Although I think the place misses out on what's key (the chief should focus on a better beef patty and not all the fixings), there's so much that unique and done well at FEZ that I still walked away from an enjoyable dining experience, with a desire to give the restaurant another try.
The man friend and I finally made it out to a Sunday brunch. He sleeps in so damn much we never make it out in time for brunchy food. . . We decided to stop by Fez, one because it is close to the house, two I love the Fez, and three I was hoping one of my friend were working so we could say hi. . . Unfortunately neither of them were working. Boo! We stayed anyway. I wanted a cocktail and he was starving! We were seated immediately, when everywhere else we called that morning had at least a 45 minute wait. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Good for me, cuz I got myself a Bloody Mary and it was yummy!. . Our server came right over and got our drink order then gotour food order as soon as he came back with our drinks, however we never really saw him again after that. Someone else delivered our food. I wanted to order a side of avocado, but no one check back on us after food delivery so I couldn't, our waters were empty for at least 5 minutes. By the time he mad it back to our table we were just ready for the check. . . Our food though was great. We both got the Eggs Benedict. Eggs were perfectly poached, the french bread was tasty and the potatoes on the side were good! The salad however seemed to be a bit of an after thought and really could have done without it. Ask for a substitution or no salad at all if you check it out. . . Over all we were satisfied, I just wish the service had been a bit better.
I read all of the great reviews and had to give the place a try. The restaurant is small, but nicely decorated and clean. I started with the Feztini, which is rasberry vodka, Chambord, and champagne, with a sugared rim. So good! It was the best part of the meal. Their garlic and rosemary fries are also delicious but the turkey burger was a little on the bland side. I'll pop in for a drink if I'm in the neighborhood but won't go out of my way for the food.
Sweet Potato fries are outa sight and they do their FEZ burgur just right. They're the CenPho hot spot for lunch, dinner and late night!. . . I've had their burgers, pita pizzas, and salads. The atmosphere is cool and eclectic and the staff is friendly. Order yourself a flavorful martini with a few to choose from, like their raspberry feztini; always a great choice. Check them out if you're in the CenPho area and deciding where to dine, you won't be disappointed.
Had the Fez burger (it's like a western hamburger but much better) and the sweet potato fries.    Really like their idea of the burger (my favorite... hmm.. I've had better.... try Unami burger in LA for something similar).     Still, the food was great, ambiance and service was excellent.   Close to the office.  Definitely a winner.
I went to FEZ on my first night in PHX as a recommendation from Ivy R. (Thanks Ivy!!) I was informed that on Monday's there were $3 margaritas. I decided to skip, since  I was in a new area and didn't want to buzz drive. My server then told me that they also have a $3 BBQ burger on Mondays. This I decided not to skip. I added cheese, and for $2 had the option of adding salt and pepper, garlic, spicy, cinnamon OR sweet potato fries. My order came out so quick, but was fresh and delicious. . . After looking at the dessert menu, I learned that the creme brulee is infused with a different flavor every day. Monday is vanilla. That's okay, I tend to like the simpler things. This creme brulee was DELISH!! . . The -1 star is for the dimness of the restaurant. I'm all for ambience and mood lighting, but I had to use the light from my phone to read the menu a few times. For me, that's just a little too dim.
Truly good food, made from high quality ingredients. Not the cheapest lunch in CenPho, but it's worth it on occassion. The bread is perfect, the side salad is fresh and delicious. I would skip the cinnamon fries next time, but the other fries were delicious and crispy.
Good happy hour, great burgers, cool atmosphere both indoors & outdoors. thumbs up :)
Love Fez!
I am definitely a fan of this place.. It is surprisingly intimate and romantic for being right off of central. We went for dinner and there was nice candlelight and a good ambience. It was recommended that we get a burger (I hear they are divine!) but I went for the Fez Flatbread kisra, basically a pizza with grilled chicken, spicy honey molasses bbq sauce, red onions, spiced pears, cilantro and manchego cheese. That combination of ingredients sounded good and indeed it was! I left feeling full & happy! My husband got a burger and was equally happy.. Good & attentive service. Highly recommend.
You gotta love Tini Tuesdays!  $3 martinis that are the bomb...especially the Cherry Bomb.  And if you subscribe to Yelp, you can get special deals.  Yesterday I had an awesome seared scallop appetizer for $8.95 that wasn't on the menu...only special customers enjoyed this savory treat.  The waiters are almost as delicious as the food.  Our waiter, with a belt bucklet labeled "cocky" definitely was and treated all of us old ladies like we were queens(?).    Great times, great location, great food.
I love FEZ!  . . I have had great food and drinks whether it's been in the evening for dinner and drinks or on Sunday for brunch.  My favorite is their brunch; my biggest problem is trying to decide exactly which item I want to get.  Between my friends, husband and myself, we've had everything on the menu and it's all good and consistently so.. . Another plus?  They have really amazing specials.
BLT salad was awesome!!!!.  The service nice and not intrusive.. Atmosphere  was upbeat and modern.. . I enjoyed my visit & hope to visit again when in Phoenix.. . Joe. Pittsburgh, Pa
I've been to Fez many times. It's my go-to place for an occasion. I've been for friends' birthdays, my anniversary, and this year I went for my birthday.. . I have to compliment them on incredible service - I made reservations for my birthday and expected about 15-20 people in my party. Come the day of my birthday dinner, I was running late, a few of my guests arrived before me, and to top it off when they asked for my table my reservations were made for the wrong date. Despite all of this confusion, the host pushed a couple of tables together to accommodate the situation and was able to seat everyone right away. I always feel horrible bringing a big crowd somewhere and I try to avoid it for the sake of the waiters but I have to say, the waiter we had was completely poised. He took everyone's order in an organized manner, never once messing up, and never once lagged on bringing a drink out or checking on everyone. Aaaaand after everything they were still able to successfully and gracefully prepare separate checks for myself and my guests. . . Now, the food and drinks. It sounds lame but I always have to start off with a basket of fries. They have a few different kinds and they each have their own dipping sauce. And they are CUH-RAZY crazy good. As for entrees, I am vegetarian, and always end up getting the same thing. Their green pasta (pesto + veggies). It's pretty good... I wish they had more veggie options (though they do have a veggie burger) but I enjoy going for that specific dish. They have a good variety of cocktails and spirits to choose from but my favorite is probably a drink called the G-spot (classy, I know). Fruity, spritzy, sweet... everything I love in a drink.. . Modern, fun, and delicious. And they have great specials!
Well I certainly concur with the 500 other people that have reviewed Fez! This is a fun, hip place to chill, eat, and have a drink.. . Anything that has the word "Fez" in it is good- especially the burger! Sooo juicy and delicious! The phyllo pockets are great, they come out warm and are packed with delicious chicken! Also, you will have no choice but to order the sweet potato fries (sprinkled with cinnamon) when the smell of an order of them comes wafting toward your table! They are super yummy!. . It's crowded, but finding a place to sit doesn't seem to be a problem!
While I'm still not the biggest fan of eating out (thanks to traveling for the past 4+ years!), I do like trying new places. I hate chain restaurants & will stay away from them if at all possible.. . We went in for a late, mid-afternoon lunch here and these are my observations.. . *Thanks for the big sign. Normally, I drive past places on Central and realize when its too late, then I have to backtrack, etc. Yay- signs make a difference. ;). . *Private parking lot- yay, no wait for parking!. . *Cool interior design- see the pretty lights!. . *Service is pretty good- once we got our food, we had to flag the waitress down for drink refills (it wasn't busy in the restaurant at the time), and the check. Normally, that may cause irritation, but she made great menu recommendations and was really nice. Forgiven,. . *Cinnamon Sweet Potato Fries. Good lord. MMMMMM.. . *Was craving a mushroom burger for weeks- perfectly cooked, flavorful, etc, big portions, filling.. . *Clean. Enough said.. . We'll be back soon - great find.
the four of us had an early dinner on Sunday afternoon, and were delighted with the service and menu selection. I had the tangier burger which friend #1 highly recommended, and I quite agree with him that the combination of flavors made this burger a unique experience. Other group members had the monthly special ( I can't remember the name) which was a blend of chicken and vegetables in a tangy seasoning over the top of a tasty rice mixture, which we all thought had the most unusal (but delicious) aroma and flavor; a pesto Caesar salad, very satisfying but needed just a touch more pesto; and the hummus plate, which we devoured without a scrap left. The only thing that was desiring was the salt and pepper fries, which came with my burger. There wasn't any pepper and very little salt, but that was on the table so we made that up as we went. Seating and ambiance were comfortable and conducive to good conversation, and we will definitely be back to try some more of the very intriguing menu items.
I love the ambiance of this place. It feels very modern since I have never seen something that has a projector just displaying a waterfall in the background. I wanted something light so I went with the strawberry and blueberry salad and it was delicious. Pricing is okay considering the ambiance of this place. There was also a yelp check in deal if you want to take advantage of that. The service was great and I would definitely be back here if I am ever in the area.
Great atmosphere! Great menu! Great happy hours! Sit outside on the patio if it's nice outside.
They have the burgers you never want to live without, the fries to keep your mouth yearning for more and the perfect atmosphere to have you coming back for more! Love it. Delicious to the max!. . Been here twice, once for lunch, once for dinner~~ extremely modern and the food is just......i cant describe it. go before you regret it. You're welcome for the advice!
This is the first place I ate when I got to Phoenix (Flight landed and within an hour I was starving, so my boyfriend took me here).  I had a salad that was easily bigger than my head, but so, so yummy.  Definitely would like to return.
Their humus kicked this non-humus liking girl's hinney!  Daaaaang it was so good, don't you think about leaving this place without trying it.   The pomegranite chicken was ah-mazing.  everyone in my group kept eating off my plate.  punks!. . tuesday was $3 martini night, can't beat that!  such a trendy modern atmosphere with great service.  you won't be disappointed!
$3 bloody Mary with tons of kick? Check. . Salad options with goat cheese? Double Check.. . Spicy Harissa fries with aioli sauce? Heck yes!. . This place is awesome although I do feel like I'm in a wanna-be club scene in the middle of the day. It's modern but almost to a cutting edge in little Phoenix.. . The staff are helpful. By the way, harissa is a mix of spices including cayenne and peppers but kind of reminds me of Cajun (Just a little).. . My salad had goat cheese and a vanilla infused dressing that was good but a little much heavy on the dressing.. . They have brunch too but I wouldn't miss the fries. EVER.
The monthly lunch special was great! Good place for a quick lunch.
I had the "best Egg White omelet you'll ever have", curry version, and OJ.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  Only downside was the place was full of folks at the time and too noisy to have a conversation.
Great restaurant for lunch. Service is always friendly. Fun atmosphere.
This is s great little place off Central in Phoenix. Modern decor and a nice patio.. W started with the hummus platter, very fresh and just the right amount of garlic, puts bread was amazing.. This place has a drink special everyday. Tuesday was $3 martinis, the first 5 on the list anyway. Very good, full sized and fresh fruit, I tried the apricot, lemon and dark chocolate, all delish! . The Casablanca chicken was great and they adopted the bun for me and wrapped it in lettuce.. Carolyn's strawberry and blueberry salad looked good and she couldn't stop eating it.... . Going to check out the brunch on Sundays.
Open late, that is a huge plus!  Been here for lunch and for dinner, also in different times of the year.  Service is always stellar.  Food is always good.  Sometimes there is something weird with the check such as charging for things that were supposed to be included or full price for happy hour items or something like that.  Not sure why that keeps happening, there seems to be some pressure on the staff.  . Otherwise, the place is trendy and seems small and loud in the busy times, spacious and accommodating when just the right amount of people.  . Best time is dinner, in a booth, not on a weekend and when you are really hungry as the food portions are generous.
I choose to take my date to FEZ, based upon the Yelps it had gotten.. . Ambience.. This is just how I imagine a new restaurant should be (pointing out, that I am not calling this restaurant new - cos I really dont know how new/old or what is considered new in Phoenix these days). I really enjoyed the interior, even though its geared towards a crowd way more hip than I. Especially I liked how dim and spacey the place is. . . Service. . The service was great. Not pushy yet very attentive. The server gave his opinion when asked for it, and I appreciate that. . . Food. . The food was good, but in quality and quantity. The only negative was that I might have picked poorly.. I had the pesto pasta and it sounded more special then it was but that's on me, not the establishment. The drinks on the other hand was great, including the martinis that served as dessert for our little party. . . The plusses & clientel. . FEZ is a restaurant.. and a lounge.. and a bar, I guess since you can sit at the bar. I didnt see the bar until I left (thats a good thing) and I intend to check out the lounge at a later time. I think this all is great, but it does attract a crowd that I might not blend with.. however, it does make the clientel very eclectic and that is great. . . I thought I came for a trendy little restaurant, but got much more. Cool, very cool.
Great atmosphere and great service. The restaurant section isn't huge, but we were able to be seated right away (around 7pm on a Sat night). They had a small lounge and bar area which we didn't go into, but will try next time. Food was excellent and not too pricey. Had the crisp pomegranate chicken and it was delicious. The key lime martini was the perfect dessert!
Yummy! American food with the sweet and savory flavor combos reminiscent of Moroccan cuisine - took me back to Fez and Marrakech! . . Loved the interesting and fresh take on sandwiches and salads. The atmosphere is hip, but not uncomfortably so - at least not during the lunch hour. . . Try: Either the FEZ burger or veggie burger - both were delicious!
I love this restaurant.  Try the chicken lettuce wraps for lunch, the hummus and the champagne vinaigrette.
I visited FEZ on my hunt for the best burger in Phoenix. It came in second place out of 16 restaurants. Here is my review of the burger.. . Now, this was an unexpected treat. I'd been to FEZ before and enjoyed the food, but I was never blown away. Enter the FEZ Burger. The list of ingredients includes Cinnamon Pears, Feta Cheese, Molasses BBQ, Crispy Fried Onions and Lemon Garlic Aioli?! This seems a little ridiculous. How all these flavors come together in a delicious bite is something of a mystery to me, but wow, is it a delicious bite. This burger hits the mark and leaves an impression. I WILL be back for more of these in my near future. I'll probably be munching on some of those super spiced Harissa-dusted fries, also. Go FEZ!. . To see the other best burgers in Phoenix, go to http://forkvsfood.com/best-burger-review/
I was thoroughly impressed with Fez, and on the waiters recommendation, whose name escapes me now, I had the black bean Burger. It felt like being back in NY only without the hustle and bustle. The menu wasn't like the Fez in NY, which i expected but it was great nonetheless. I really do like this place.
I split the spicy hummus with a friend and didn't even finish it, for ten bucks you get a decent amount. I'm a vegetarian but they're FEZ Veggie Burger didn't sound appealing so I ordered the traditional FEZ Burger sub black bean patty and it was DELICIOUS. Such an interesting combination of flavors that mix together so well. I suggest ordering the sweet potato fries to go with it.. . 4/5 stars because the service sucked. It took us nearly 30 minutes to get our drink order. I'm pretty sure the sever was new, but she should have asked for help because  the wait and quality of service was ridiculous.Overall, the delicious burger was worth it.
Great tasting hamburgers. And tasty drinks at the bar. On some nights they play their music too loud that it's sometimes difficult to hear others talk. Other than that it's a great place for a great tasty burger and fries.
I love the burgers here. Don't like the fries. The ambiance is great, but the service is lacking. The first time I went here, we didn't see a waitress for 20 minutes. However, the burgers are worth it.
I've been to Fez many, many times for happy hour and dinner. They have excellent happy hour specials and always have a decent amount of yummy beers on tap. . . Their food is DELICIOUS, I've always loved what I've had, which in past experiences has been: lettuce wraps, the gyro kisra and a few of the burgers. Every single thing has been awesome and next I'd like to try one of their big salads because I've seen people getting them and oh boy do they look good. . . Fez has plenty of parking around the side and in the back of the place so even on a busy night, that's never an issue. . . The ONLY reason Fez didn't get 5 stars from me is because other than happy hour when it's not too busy, the service hasn't been very good. The servers are ALWAYS super nice and the food comes out quick, but having someone get to your table in a timely fashion on a busy Friday evening is only a dream, and this has happened now on 8 occasions, including my most recent trip. Servers also tend to disappear around the time you need your check also. If you go on a Friday night when it's packed, bring a friend or 5 and be ready to get some chatting in to pass the time.
I'm sure I can't add anything that has not been said about this place already.  But given the fact that I love Yelping, I gotta at least try!  . . Walking into this establishment, you get the sense that you have walked into a hipster dining experience with the very unique light fixture hanging over the lounge area of the restaurant.  The bar with its clean lines is a somewhat bright and warm modern space that is separated from the main dining room by frosted glass and metal room dividers to the right of the entry way.  You walk in and the hostess stand is  a few steps inside of the door.  That's a good deal because I'm sure there is a line out the door most nights.. .  I stopped in here solo one day after the lunch rush.  Yea for me.  I like it when restaurants are quiet at that time of the day.  I had my pick of tables and I chose a table right by the window overlooking the wonderfully appointed and comfortable looking patio.  I asked my server to give me the most popular burger and the spiciest fries.  I had not planned to drink, but she threw out a cockatail (Pom Press) that sound great and I went for that too.. . The server told me the Fez burger was the most popular burger and I said, "I'll try it."  She asked me if I wanted to read the ingredients, I said, "I can read them, but I don't care what's on it, I want to try it."  WOW I'm so happy I went with the server.  That was ONE HELLUVA good burger.  You could taste how well the Molasses BBQ sauce and the cilantro go together.  The sweet of the pears and the crisp of the fried onion straws contributed well to the taste of the burger as a whole.  I don't eat much bread, but I had a few bites of the bread.  Next time, I'm getting that burger w/o the bread.  yes, there will be a next time... and another one and another.. . I would give them a 5 star review, but I wondered if the burger patty itself is pressed just before it is cooked.  Is it fresh or frozen.  I'm sorry to say, but I wasn't sure.  I meant to as my server, but forgot.  The food coma knocked me out for the count.
The artichoke dip is amazing! Our appetizer and entree came out at the same time though, not cool, But overall, one of my downtown favs.
A co-worker took me here for lunch a while back and I was instantly hooked. I had to bring family and friends back for lunch and dinner. This is definitely a fun and unique experience. The inside is hip and modern. It feels both secluded/intimate and open/airy at the same time. I like that it's downtown, although the parking can be tricky. However, it is worth it. The sweet potato fries are a must have. They are cinnamon dusted and come with a dipping sauce. My husband thinks they are too sweet, but I like them. Another item I've gotten regularly is the Gyro Kisra - a flatbread with lamb, feta, and tomatoes. The flatbread is soft and tasty and I really like the flavorful meat. Also, the Tangier Burger is delicious. It comes with hummus spread, pesto, tomatoes, and manchego cheese. I love the hummus and it really gives the burger a kick. . . We've also been here during happy hour and it sure is happy! Certain nights have specific drink specials - like Tini Tuesday. Martinis are just $4 and believe me -  you only need one or two! The small plates are $6 as well - plenty to choose from. (Try the hummus!). . We haven't been for brunch, but it's on our to-do list. We'll definitely be back again and again.
Have been here a few times for Brunch and recently for Happy Hour. Love the vibe and food! Their signature cocktails are great too - my fav is the g-spot.
Went for a birthday party there last night and was pleasently surprised.Fun ,casual atmosphere ,Great food ,wonderful professional service.Everything was super yummy.The calamari was crispy and fresh not overly seasoned.The lamb sliders were flavorful and juicy.The pesto caesar salad  was bight and crunchy.Friday nigh drink special was a  pomegranite spritzer concotion that was delicious.Fez gooey Brownie for desert was a winner.. Cant wait to go back!!
I've been going to Fez for a while and I love the place.  Always had great service and the food is great.  . . Not too long ago, I took three of my friends there because they said they never been.  We knew they were busy and running around because the grill in their kitchen was broken so they were only serving breakfast and lunch items.  Which was fine because we were there just for brunch.   . . We ordered our entrees and that was the last time we saw our server.  Did not come by to refill our drinks. I asked another server to refill our drinks and he gave me an attitude and said he was moving as fast as he can.  . . When our food came out, my eggs benedict were cold and my friend ordered the Greek omelet and instead it loaded with mushrooms. We called our server back and told him my food was cold and my friend did not order a mushroom omelet.  Apparently she was giving someone else order and her's was on the way out.  I asked the server to take my food away and bring me another dish.  He told me that the kitchen is backed up and it will take a while. . . Well I complained to the manager about the server's attitude and lack of attention. The manager was very sympathetic and apologized. Our meal was complimentary.  The manager was great and  friendly.
$3 mimosas? Way to win my heart there! This place has some of the best brunch drink specials I've seen. . . I'd been meaning to go to Fez for quite some time now, can't believe I hadn't gone sooner. It's a hip restaurant right off of the light rail. The decor is very modern and open. There's a bar, lounge area and outside seating. We went here for a late Saturday brunch. It was really nice outside, so we opted to sit outdoors. . . I ordered the "best egg omelette you'll ever have", spicy harissa style. It's an omelette w/ provolone cheese, spinach, tomatoes and avocado. It also comes with a field greens salad tossed in lemon vinaigrette & french baguette bread. Never do I think of eating a salad with my omelette but I gave it a go. The omelette was absolutely delicious-dare I say it might've been one of the best I've ever eaten. It was spicy but not overpowering. I'm not usually a fan of avocado but it paired well with the omelette. The salad was absolutely delicious and the bread was warm and fresh tasting.  . . Service was overall, pretty good. There was a few times where I waited a little longer than I would expect for water refills, and the server brought us our check by the time we decided to order another drink-which may have been our fault but that's okay. . . I will definitely be back again, maybe for dinner another time since apparently they make a great veggie burger. Definitely recommend!
A $3 margarita?! Yes, please! I visited last week and had a delicious pomegranate margarita and the gyro kisra plate. Both were super yummy and our service was pretty good also.
FEZ is a chic` restaurant where all the cool kids go. Whether you are there for lunch, dinner or drinks it has an easy atmosphere with mid range pricing. I consider this to be a very eclectic menu so if you are sick of the same-old food, try out FEZ
Now, this would have been a 5 star review. Let me tell you how it was almost a 1 star.... . . Ok, I have never ate at this establishment. Although I have heard nothing but good things about it. So as I made my way to this establishment I had high expectations. Then again, I always have high expectations when it comes to customer service. So I arrive to such a beautiful use of space. White and modern was the theme. Loved it. Now, we did get seated after we stood at the entry looking unsure as what to do. The guy who seated us was very cute. I mean I guess if you're cute, you don't need brains. The dude seated us and didn't once bother to bring us a menu. Well... Um... These sofas are nice. Hmmm what's happening on my Twitter? Oh would you look at that, Beyonce has a new picture on Instagram. Finally our waiter Jared; bless his soul; came to greet us. Asked us if we needed anything. Our reply? Menus. Oh of course he was apologetic, anyone in customer service knows to always apologize for any inconvenience. Well, atleast the ones who do their job right and well. He suggested some delicious margaritas and we placed our order. A standard wait time for our food. I got the strawberry, blueberry almond salad without the almonds. The food looked absolutely delicious when we got it... But hey... Do we eat this food with our hands? Or... Am I missing something here? Um... Uhhh... Where are the eating utensils... Um... Jared!! We need forks! Boom! He apologizes and gets them for us right away. Well, we can't blame him. The first cute boy was to blame, but he was so cute, I think we could let that slide. As the dinner progressed, Jared provided nothing but 5 star quality work. We loved him! We even gave him a compliment to his manager. Of course we alerted her of the discrepancy in the beginning of the night. But that was over turned by a wonderful eat and amazing customer service from Jareds end.. . . Will I go back? Ummm duh! Cute boys!
Was in search of a tasty burger. Mushroom burger was wonderful and the bun elevated this to the next level. Salad was drowning in dressing and service was just ok. Next time I will take it togo.
This place is great fun. During the EZ/Happy Hour they have 'one dollar sign' worthy food, and even cheaper drinks. . . I got the FEZ burger with a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were decent but they are served with a creamy sauce that is fantastic. They'd make a great snack if you were just meeting someone for some drank. . . The burger was great, a nice thick slab of beef with various toppings on it, nestled into a ciabatta roll and thankfully cut in half. . . The guy I was with ordered shots of rumchata mixed with fireball whiskey. So tasty. Will definitely return to this place again, hopefully during the happy hour.
I always passed by this place but last week I met up my aunt for lunch. This place has a great atmosphere and very friendly fast service! I had the rosemary chicken sandwich... It's was AMAZING! Perfect mixture of savory and sweet! Ill be craving this sandwich within a week I'm sure. The sandwiches come with a small simple side salad with a sweet (but not too sweet) vinaigrette. Ou can also choose to upgrade to French fries which I would usually do but I was in a healthy mood. The little side salad was the prefect addition to my sandwich which was a perfect amount! My aunt ordered the FEZ salad and added chicken. I stole a bite and it was also soooo good! I feel like this is a place where I could come back and try everything on the menu. . . Our server was extremely helpful and friendly... I give them an "A" for service!. . Ill be back soon to try something new!
It was quite awhile ago that I went to Fez but the experience was laid back, and nice. I went with a friend and we chose to sit at the bar area. We had an attentive bartender who was easy on the eyes. We both ordered salads that were very large and filling. The service was good, nothing spectacular but this is a pretty chill place. I would recommend this for people wanting drinks and lighter fare before heading out for a night on the town in Downtown Phoenix.
Great place for dinner! The wide variety of Martinis just sweetens the deal!
I love their french fries!! especially the garlic rosemary, very crispy and tasty.. I'm not usually a fan of burgers and sandwich but this place change that. I love the bread they use for the sandwich (cibatta? however you spell it) and lots of vege!!! The sandwich comes with a salad which was good. The place is however very cozy that you'll hear everything the next table talk about
Great Sunday brunch. Excellent breakfast, excellent dinner. Trendy, yet quality food. I like this place.
I love FEZ. The food and service are always great.
usually always get take out.  have no complaints. have had a wide variety of items on the menu and never disappointed. prices are reasonable. and the burgers are really good.  great flavor great bun. its always nice when a place has a really good burger along with a menu with a diverse menu.  also we have been going there since the first year they opened and it has always been good. we have never had anything bad.
Love going to Sunday morning brunch at Fez.  It's just the perfect place!    My recommendations: The frittata, the breakfast kisra, breakfast panini or french toast  and don't forget the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries.  (and the greyhound or $3 mimosas!)   yummy!    I think I just named almost everything on their breakfast menu??  . . And bonus for the healthy diners out there - you can get an egg white omelet with lots of delish veggies here.    Fez does it right!    it's just all so good!
Service was great, they were very accommodating when I showed up with a larger party than I had a reservation for.  They were also willing to do separate checks which is always nice.. . I ordered the rosemary chicken sandwich which was delicious, but after seeing other people enjoying their FEZ burger with sweet potato fries, I had food envy.  I must come back so that I can try it!
I like Fez. Off the light rail, it's got a good location, plenty of parking, and a great vibe, but for some reason it always seems empty. Why I've never had to wait for a table, I don't know, but I guess I won't complain.. . The food is good at Fez (Jenny likes the chicken sandwich thing; I like the hummus appetizer) and the service, as others have mentioned, is always great. While I don't go there weekly or anything, it's always in my pocket as a go-to when a friend is visiting and we end up needing to grab a meal.
Fun place.  Great drinks.  Burgers are tasty.
I really like their salads.
Love Fez. Their food presentation is beautiful, the atmosphere is very eclectic & unique. The food is always fresh and although it can get busy at times, the waiters do seem to do their best to stay on top of it. Only downfall is parking can be tough!
After the manager read my review he contact me and apologized. I have yet to return to the place, but the manager assured me my experience will be different. Since then the server that served me was terminated. Looking forward to going again.
We loved Fez so much that on our recent trip to Arizona we went twice. The atmosphere is clean and modern and the service is very pleasant and welcoming. Both times, hubby and I shared delicious, Mediterranean-themed appetizers (lamb sliders on night one, and sampling of flat breads on night 2), and I got the Barcelona butterleaf salad both times for my main course.  We also enjoyed the fresh, reasonably priced cocktails and tasty desserts.  Wish we didn't live so far away from this great place!
I have been here before but did not review.  This time I just ordered food to go and took it to a friend's house for dinner.  It was delicious, which is how I remember it from last time.  It was pretty noisy inside and too bloody hellacious hot outside, even with their valiant attempt with the mister - once it is over 100 degrees at 6 pm no amount of misting is sufficient.  But picking up the food to go was perfect, and they had it ready and packed everything separately, putting the salad dressing on the side, putting the salmon in it's own separate carton aside from the salad.  I ordered the butter lettuce salad (light and delicious) with salmon (I do think Switch does the salmon better, but still quite good), and an appetizer of hummus.  I couldn't decide between the garlic and the spicy hummus so got half and half.  I was amused to see they packed a small bottle of mouthwash with my order.  Hilarious and very useful, as it turns out.  Yes, it is very garlicky, and the spicy was spicy as advertised, and both obviously made there with fresh ingredients.  The kisra bread was a great substitute for generic pita bread.  I think the hummus was my favorite part of this meal.  Next time I will try the veggie burger.  Yummmm....
Fez is the go-to place if you want good food, a casual atmosphere, and hip people (who happen to be eye candy, too).. . I am from Seattle.  Fez reminds me a lot of a Seattle establishment.  The most obvious aspect for me was the high proportion of GLBTI people here.  It was refreshing to see this.  But you see straight people, too, and everyone intermingles with no thought of the next person.. . The food is pretty good.  What I enjoy the most is that portion sizes are reasonable.  I don't get the sense that because I am paying $20 formy meal, I am going to get something so large that it doesn't fit on the table.  Your $20 meal, which isn't expensive at all, gets you quality food that is reasonably sized.  The cost of your wine gets you delicious wine.  Your $20 appetizer gets you quality food that is well plated and served freshly.. . The ambiance is a little tight inside, especially since it can get busy quickly there.  There is covered seating outside, but in the midst of summer, it can be unbearable to be out there eating hot food in 110-plus-degree heat.  Still, it's a casual vibe, and it just feels easy to be there.  Any encumbrances that you have in your life seem to go away for the time that you're there.. . And that's what makes me like Fez so much.  It's much more than just a restaurant or wine bar.  It's a place to go to escape your problems and to be around a diversity of people who, like you, have problems and are escaping them, too.
I come here quite a bit, as it's one of the only places open late that serves both food and drink during the week.  They have great cocktails and I am a fan of their pomegranate drinks, like the pom martini or the pom press.  I also think they have a great selection of salads and appetizers but the All American Hamburger is awesome and they will serve it protein style.  Super friendly staff is also a plus!  Great outdoor patio but sometimes the music can be a bit loud, making it hard to have a conversation.  . . Great place especially for late night folks!
It doesn't get better than the FEZ burger.  It really doesn't.. . Great atmosphere.  Great food.  Great service.
I've always had a great meal and experience here.
After a 5 hour drive from LA, my family was looking forward to an appetizing lunch  and FEZ did not disappoint.  The FEZ burger and kisra plus the rosemary garlic fries and cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries all hit the spot!!!
I love FEZ. They have great bartenders and make some serious Martini's. The waiting staff is always glorious and the food is great. Namely, the best Lettuce Wraps in the valley and amazing Sweet Potatoe fries!
Amazing Veggie Burger and Apricot Salmon dish.  Fairly reasonable price, great service, good atmosphere and amazing food...  A hidden gem for certain.
What a great place. I stopped in with some friends for happy hour (4:00-6:30, I believe). Each night has different specials; we were able to enjoy half priced house wine and well cocktails.. . Our server was really friendly and the restaurant is tasteful and pretty. We started with the spicy hummus, which was delicious - the bread was soft and flavorful, and the humus had a great taste and texture. The arroz con pollo was really, really good. The rosemary chicken sandwich was good, although I think the pesto was a little heavy. The accompanying salad was fantastic - I loved the bright, fresh dressing on the salad. The veggie burger was great - really flavorful patty with great toppings.. . I am looking forward to coming back and trying brunch, as well as other dinner items.
Another Tini Tuesday at Fez although the price has gone up $1 since last year.  But definitely still worth the price.  Our waiter, Austin, was helpful and fun and his dimples didn't hurt either.  I had their go green pasta and added gyro strips to make it a delicatable greek feast.  I practically licked the bowl. This time Yelpers, we received a free appetizer of lettuce wraps by checking in with my Yelp app.  Loved it.  Don't know why we waited so long to go back...will definitely be back sooner this time.
What a great spot! Fez is the best place for friendly gatherings and good food! I recently went there with 4 others for an early lunch. We arrived at 11:30 and had no trouble finding a table, but trust me, don't try it around noon. The place is full of folks by then! . As always, I got the chicken wraps...they are simply the best! They include (along with lots of chicken, of course) dried pears, dates and cherries along with almonds and a pomegranate dressing. It is so delish and refreshing! And, since this was a 'not doing anything but going back to the pool' kinda day, I had a gSpot: fresh grapefruit juice with grapefruit vodka and club soda over ice. YUM. . My friends had burgers...and the biggest hit was the Fez Burger: with cinnamon pears, feta and crispy onions along with a molasses BBQ sauce to die for. . The biggest issue when this place is busy is the parking. The FedEx store right next door has all of the best parking marked off for their customers. A couple times I have had to search for street parking. So go early (or late) to be sure!
Yummy Mediterranean fusion spot! Super nice servers and food is consistent, which is saying a lot.
Love the food, atmosphere and good looking men here. Our server was one of the few straight men in there, especially since all my gay friends were trying to make him a switch hitter. Prices are decent and drinks are delicious.
FEZ is one of the first restaurants I've been to in dt PHX. After being there twice, I will admit that I love it! The ambiance is cute/trendy, perfect for couples or a night out with the girls. The burgers are delicious and served on focaccia rather than a bun. We had the lettuce wraps for an app and they were also pretty good, though we expected the meat to come out warm (it ended up being a cold dish). They have drink specials every night and the service is unbeatable.. . Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
I was visiting Phoenix and my friends brought me here for lunch. I really liked the modern feel of this place. It was pretty packed so we sat at the bar. . . I had the Fez burger and it was easily one of the most delicious burgers I've ever had. Top it off with one of their refreshing ice teas and you have the perfect combination for a hot Arizona day!
Amazing happy hour, great atmosphere, delicious food and wonderful drinks.  I believe the only thing I could complain about is the fact that the layout was a little uncomfortable to maneuver around - after a couple of drinks and walking in high heels, it was challenging to not bump into people's tables and chairs while trying to get to the other side of the restaurant.
The Fez burger is to die for, and the wine selection is not bad at all.  My only slight gripe is that it gets a little loud during happy hour, but I guess we could all just yell a little louder.
Been there a few times. First time was during a pub crawl. We ended up eating a lot from here and killing the buzz :) The food and service are great!
Went to FEZ for happy hour to kick off my last night being 39, and it was my 1st time to the FEZ, I have driven past it so many time the past few years, so I thought it was about time to stop!. . I made reservations because I had a group coming with me, and everything went smoothly! My plans for the day sort of changed, so I wound up being at FEZ 30 mins earlier than I had originally planned, but they already had my area set up and ready, so I just waited there for everyone to show! Staff was so nice and friendly!. . I ordered a pomegranate margarita with a sugared rim, and it was perfect!! And very eye catching too! I also tried some of their sweet potato fries, and boy are those yummy!! And tried the pomegranate press too, and what a pleasantly surprising drink that was! . . Happy hour with friends went great! Look forward to coming back and trying out some other drinks, I know for sure I want to try that Dark Chocolate Martini!!
We LOVE this food! It is delicious and inventive. Thumbs up!
Always get the tilapia here with capers and it's always awesome.. . They have a nice variety of mixed drinks and a nice bar to enjoy them at.  I'd suggest this spot of a casual but fun get together or date.  On the right day the patio is really nice as long as traffic on Central isn't crazy. . . Nicest part about this spot is that they're open late everyday!  Staff have been pretty friendly and helpful, nothing too special about the service I've had, but nothing bad.
Had the kisra with hummus - so yum - such big portion that I easily shared it w/a friend! Would like to have a full dinner here, besides HH. Watch out - bartender seems to have a strong pour. ;)
The burgers are delicious!
Interesting food and drink choices and a fun atmosphere, I enjoyed it a great deal
Our family met up with a local friend for dinner here during our brief Phoenix visit.   It can be difficult finding a place to accommodate everybody's food preferences, but the Fez menu had a lot of good options for us.  . . The rosemary pesto chicken sandwich and all of the burgers we tried (especially the Duxelles) were really fantastic, as were the fries (although these came in a smaller portion than my boys might have liked).  Our waiter was very efficient without rushing us out, and our drinks were kept full (this is sort of a peeve of mine with restaurants).  I'd definitely return and try a few more dishes if we were in the area again.  The only factor keeping Fez from a full five stars was that it was a bit loud and dark for dinner; it was just slightly too dark to give the menu a good look (or it could be that I have old-lady eyes) and we had to raise our voices a bit to converse.  Seems like a fantastic spot for happy hour, however -- the appetizers looked terrific (from what we saw passing by).
Barbeque chicken pizza and sweet potato fries!!! OMG!! my fav!!!   this place is awesome from prices to choices to the ambiance to music and energy! definitely stop by and check this hot spot out!
Those Zombie drinks are dangerous.
Have eaten here a few times (4) and always have a good experience, although it's nothing to rave about.
Went for lunch. It was fairly busy for 1pm on a weekday, and the service was a bit slow but not terrible and everyone was friendly.. . We ordered the lettuce wraps as an app which had a very tasty filling with dates and pears and was a good sized portion.  I ordered the bleu cheese balsamic burger (comes with a side salad).  The burger also had a good mix of flavors. The side salad was ok, I didn't think that the lemon basil vinaigrette was very flavorful.
The atmosphere is trendy, hipster and young professional type feel.  The food is decent with gourmet selections  A little more of the pricey side of food but you'll definitely enjoy the selections.  The service is a bit off.  I waited for water a lot and transition between dishes wasn't really a team effort but overall the experiences I've had have been positive!!!
Their staff is friendly and inviting. Their food and drinks are just as good, meaning whatever you order you won't be disappointed with. . . Some of the must tries are:. - the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries. Seriously, they are the best things EVER.. - the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer. It's filling enough that it could be your meal.. - the rosemary chicken sandwich. No words can describe this masterpiece.. - the apricot salmon. I order salmon almost everywhere I go and this is one of my favorites.
Great atmosphere, decor & service! I had the salerno bruschetta plate, spicy harissa fries, & duxelles burger - all delicious and very filling. Also, tried the Friday Special $4 vodka pomegranate press, was a bit strong and on the sour/tangy side. Would give this restaurant 5 stars, but I'm allergic to cinnamon... Will go back soon
I used to go to Fez often, but not anymore. Whenever I was there I never had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and always tries to accommodate the customer. The food is delicious, but their patio and their interior design is outdated and while I'm in downtown I always end up going with my friends somewhere else, because we all prefer places that are more unique and more stylish.
Good food, good drink and Great staff
I have been to Fez so many times that I know several of the employees and I always have a hard time deciding what I want to eat.... . The interior is very modern and hip. with a very trendy vibe. Patio seating is great. Smoking is allowed on the patio. . Everything on the menu is pretty good depending on what you are feeling. The Kisra's are good. The steak is good. The burgers are good. Seriously, depending on what you are craving... whatever you get, will be good . . Also, it's a great place for Brunch. . My go-to is the Fez Burger with the Spicy Harissa Fries. My friends and I usually go to Fez after volleyball for food, snacks, and of course, drinks..... Fez has some really great daily drink specials. I love how they make their margaritas with the sugar rim and a gummy worm . The G spots are another good special. The 'tini's are great. My friends and I love the Cherry Bomb. . All in all, Fez is a great place especially for groups
We have been here several times and have had very good food each time.  It is a fun place.  The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is that it can get very loud sometimes.  It is a very good place to eat!
Portillo's is relatively new to the Valley and was slammed for the first two weeks it was open, making getting in a challenge, but well worth it.  These have to be the best hot dogs I have ever eaten in my life!  And the Italian beef sandwiches are amazing.  I had never had one before Portillo's and I wanted to see if they were as good as the pictures.  I was not disappointed in the least.  Add the sweet peppers folks, for a real treat.  The chicken sandwiches are excellent, but a chicken sandwich you can get anywhere.  Stay with the Italian beef and the great hot dogs and you cannot go wrong.  Then after, take a look at dessert.  Not an array of choices, but what they have cannot be beat:  strawberry shortcake or luscious chocolate layer cake.  It's hard to walk out without getting that strawberry shortcake!  Listen for you number and be entertained by the playful way they announce it.  "Number 8, no more wait!"  or "Number 11, come get your piece of heaven!"
Eclectic vibe with lots of good standard and unique food options. The location is centrally located and convenient. Service is friendly but prices are slightly high.
This is a lot better tonight a little more attentive
Brunch Saturday morning 10/19 ... Great Service.  Great food.  Great location.  Joey - you were awesome!  I'm so sorry - I took the credit card receipt by accident - so you didn't get a tip!  I will swing by before I leave town and make it right with you!  Tell your boss I said you need a raise.  You were great!
I never heard of FEZ before.  But I sure can't forget about it now!  I was introduced this place about 2 weeks ago by a special lady in my life.  She had never been there either at the time, so It was a first for both of us.  WE WAS GOING ON A ADVENTURE! (I'm sorry, if you saw The Hobbit last year you'll get that joke.)  First of all I love the clean look of the place. My girlfriend always gives me a hard time for enjoying the look and ambiance of a place.  But who doesn't like to eat in a nice looking place?  It's why dining areas are made for eating and bathrooms are made for shhh.... You know what I mean.  But like I was saying the look was great, very clean and modern.  This isn't the usual kind of place you find out here and Phoenix. Both me and my girlfriend felt like we was in California or NY. The service was great as well. We were helped by 3 different people within 10 minutes of being seated.  And it was a packed house on a Friday night.  I can't remember what I had exactly. I know it was a burger and it was very good. But what stole the show for me was the sweet potato fries.  Most places I've had sweet potato fries at they overcook them. They're all hard and taste burnt to me. But the ones at FEZ turned me into Goldilocks, cause they were just right! They had plenty of flavor and were just soft enough to where they wasn't mushy, and cooked enough to where they wasn't hard. They were so good that my lady and I went back to FEZ that very next morning to have brunch. Where I had a breakfast pasta and my girl had a egg white omelet, with a couple of Mimosa's and a side of those sweet potato fries each.  I love my girlfriend dearly, but she's not eating none of my fries.  I will definitely go there again as they seem to have a lot of other good dishes on the menu i would like to try out. I had to give it 4 stars cause parking is not the greatest. But that is nitpicking. Overall it was a damn fine dining experience.
Friendly, fun, hip environment with good food and tasty drinks.  Good drink specials daily.  I've been coming to Fez for a couple years now, and I'll say the only thing that is consistently lacking is the service.  While servers generally get your order right, it can be painfully slow at times.  This is more of a dinner spot for me.  For lunch? I just don't have time for that.
Good food. Nice atmosphere.
I think I like brunch the best at FEZ. . . The FEZ omelette is really fantastic. The fluffy eggs, gyro meat, sweet peppers and goat cheese is a great combination and very filling. It comes with a side salad that has a lemon vinagrette that is also very tasty. . . The wait staff is always very attentive and nice. . . Tip: if it's busy - sit at the bar. You will still get great service and great food without the wait.
Love this place... Great food. Great atmosphere.
I often travel from the San Francisco bay area to Phoenix for business. Each night I like to try a different place for dinner. I came across Fez and ordered the lamb sliders and strawberry/blueberry salad. I walked into the restaurant to pick-up my order and wished I had time to sit and eat. What awesome ambiance! The staff was super polite and the food was delicious. I will be breaking my rule and coming back to this restaurant again.. . One suggestion, I didn't notice mint-yogurt sauce on the lamb. If you like this stuff as much as I do you may want to ask for a little extra.
Great food, atmosphere but a little small.
I have only been here for lunch (several times).  Really good, fresh food!
Stopped in to check it out grabbed a few drinks & the spicy hummus.  Will definitely be back. Service was great! Thanks Shara. If your looking for a cool place to go and hang with friends then this is it!
This is fun place to sit outside and still not have to deal with smoke. Great view of Central and all the lights that go with it. I really enjoy the Sunday breakfast menu. Oh, and the mimosas are pretty tasty too! ;-)
Fun atmosphere good place to stop for a drink.
Had dinner at FEZ with several colleagues while visiting Phoenix. Everything was delicious and the service was awesome. . . We started out with the lettuce wraps and the calamari. I loved the server's suggestion of adding bacon to the lettuce wraps, a midwestern girl like me loves bacon in everything and the combo did not disappoint. I also really enjoyed the batter on the calamari and the awesome aioli that came with it. . . For my meal I took the server's recommendation and order the FEZ burger, it was terrific! I was a little wary of the cinnamon pears but I could not get enough, the flavor combo on this burger is truly unique. . . The only disappointment for me was the garlic and rosemary fries. They were not bad but I've had a lot better. They tasted like they were simply dusted with garlic salt. . . All in all I'd definitely recommend FEZ to anyone.
Awesome food! Love the fries.
This place was awesome, my friends and I drop to FEZ last week without knowing that it would be a great experience. This place is so good. Will come back later with some new friends.
I decided to try this place because one of my fellow Yelpers (shout out to Preston) raved about this place. The first time we tried to go it was closed for a party, but the second time.. it was packed with people and good holiday cheer. It attracts a mix bagged of people from students to the eclectic type.. . We were seated pretty quickly, but the service was less than stellar.. It was borderline non-existent. The waiter said (no joke) I forgot about you guys. I appreciate his honestly, but goodness.. Past that, the food was DELISH! We had the following:. Calamari. Kisra's with chicken and apples. Spice Road Chicken Sandwich.. . Everything was really good, especially the chicken sandwich. I was impressed at how moist the chicken was even as leftovers. Same with the pizza. Never had kisra before but I'll definitely give it another whirl.. . Sidebar: Martini Tuesdays hear for the drinkers!
