I've stayed at MGM three times this year and I probably won't stay there again just becasue of the location. Overall I do like the hotel but the location is too far south on the strip. It's somewhat far from the middle of the strip where there is more to do IMO. It's a long trek to get to some of the hotels where a lot of fun clubs and restaurants are so that is one of my main issues with the MGM. In 100 degree heat or in the winter, all that walking is no fun. . . The prices are reasonable IMO. For my three stays at MGM which were all for 3 days each, the average total for a basic room was between around $250-$280.. . The front desk clerks are nice, no issues with checking in or out, my rooms have always been clean, etc. My parents on their last two trips to the MGM had problems, one being  that there toilet overflowed for which they were moved to another room nearby, given a free upgrade on their next trip as well as  free buffets passes. The 2nd issue was something with plumbing and they could hear the pipes making noise all night so after mentioning it to the front desk they got free buffet passes. So overall the guest services have been pretty on point. They also have the business center where you can print out your boarding passes for free. At check in, the clerk was nice enough not to charge us those ridiculous resort fees, which I appreciated.. . The hotel is very large and it's easy to get a bit lost but once you've been there awhile you get used to it. I like that the monorail is located in the hotel so it's nice to be able to have that alternative to taking taxi's or walking. Also there are a lot of dining options, from low end McDonald's to higher end restaurants like Joel Rubuchon.. . If MGM was in the middle of the strip, it would be perfect.
Another one of my favorite places in Vegas.  We come here several times a year and always have a good time.  Here's why:. . - Tons of dining options.  There's something for everyone.....buffets, food court, mid-level restaurants (Wolfgang Puck's), high-end restaurants (Joel Robuchon), steakhouse (Craftsteak), it goes on and on.. . - MGM Grand Arena.  Major concert & sporting events are held here and it's an easy in/out.  They have the process nailed for crowd control.. . - KA from Cirque du Soleil.  One of my favorite shows in town.. . - Large parking garage.  It might take you a while to find a parking space, especially if there's a big event like UFC here, but you'll eventually find a space.....the parking garage is HUGE!. . - Monorail station.  It's on the monorail station......here's a tip...if you want to attend an event at the MGM Grand Arena and you're not staying here or are a local and don't want to deal with the crazy parking situation all you have to do is park at any of the hotels on the monorail line and take the monorail to/from the MGM Grand.....it will dump you right in front of the Arena for easy in/out......it makes the $ spent on the round trip ticket worthwhile.  I've done this dozens of times, trust me.. . - Tons of gambling options.  From low end to high end gaming there is something for everyone.  Plus they have a huge poker room.. . - Terrace Suites.  These overlook the Strip and have a huge outdoor patio to them.....awesome suites.. . Some negatives to this joint are the older rooms that are a little small by New Vegas Standards.  Since the property is so large it's a little cumbersome for people to find their way around, especially if they're unfamiliar with the joint.. . Will I return?  Of course!
The MGM Grand was once the Wizard of Oz of all Vegas but it has declined over the years.  This is a very large property that stands out with all the Emerald Green and Neon.  This hotel is still where all the great boxing/mma/ sports event take place.  People have over exaggerated the decline of this Grand Hotel.  . . The rooms were redesigned over 5 years ago but when you upgrade from your average room to the "king" or better, you will appreciate the room and layout.  . . This is one of the few higher end Hotel that are Kid Friendly with a Rainforest Cafe, Emeral's, and the Stage Deli which I really like.  They have tried to change their image from a family destination to a young hip crowd but there are still areas where kids are welcomed.  The adult entertainment is much improved here with Club 54 and high end restaurants so there's a bit for everyone.. . The MGM is a nice hotel worthy of 4 stars in every sense.  When staying here it is hard to leave the hotel because everything you need is contained within the Emerald City.  Entertainment is always top notch and the sporting events attract stars from everywhere.  This hotel is always very busy and the casino is fine.  The enormous size can be overwhelming as you can easily get lost especially in the casino.
Sightseeing location #6: MGM Grand Lion's Habitat . . +: cute cubs in totally sound and smell proof glass environment, easy navigation around the casino. -: located at one end of strip; there were humans with the cubs, which made it difficult to capture them in their "natural habitat"
When visiting Las Vegas you have the choice of staying in cheap dives, expensive "family" hotels that are poorly themed or staying at classier locations. Everyone has their own taste and that's what makes Vegas so great: choices.. . - Modern Style. - Great Location On-Strip. - Free Parking. - Various In-Hotel Entertainment. - Award Winning Restaurants. - Average Price. - Stay Classy. . I however, prefer to stay in modern, comfortable and somewhat pricier hotels. Not because I am a snob, but because I deserve it. The MGM Grand has had many awards in the past for a reason, see for yourself: http://www.mgmgrand.com/press_room/press_room_awards.aspx. . From dusk until dawn the MGM Grand has the ideal location on the strip, putting you within walking distance of some of the hottest clubs. If you're not much for walking, you can always hitch a cab out front. If that doesn't sounds ideal, you can always stay-in. My wife and I do all of the above on our trip to experience all that Vegas has to offer.. . Sticking to the subject, MGM houses a variety of dining options such as  the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, and Emeril's New Orleans Fish House. For those on a budget the McDonalds is open for most of the day, though the lines get PACKED.. . If you love Cirque du Soleil as much as I do, you'll be excited to know that MGM hosts KA which is a very crowd revolving movie-like experience. If you're into the clubs, ladies get in free while guys pay a small fee. Drop into Tabu "ultra lounge" or Studio 54 nightclub. Like most places in Vegas, the people get crazier (and more drunk) as the night goes on.. . As far as the rooms go, they can be pretty tiny, although modern and comfortable. With just enough room to stick your suitcase in the bathroom shower, you'll be encouraged to stay in the Celebrity Spa Suite like my wife and I did.. . The extra space of an oversized bedroom leaves room for an extended living area (that I never used) and a large dresser. This room can be great for a romantic extravaganza with it's whirlpool spa in the bathroom. Let the bubbles runneth over!. . All-in-all you can stay fancy, sleep well and eat well without ever having to leave your own hotel. If you decide to leave, you are near all of the places on-strip you'd want to visit. I love the MGM Grand and continue to come back year after year.
Well went day before xmas ,got a really kool deal with 100$ per day for non smoking room...front desk was filled with ppl had to wait there for almost 15-20 min..i felt that they were too slow ..finally got the room with a view on 26th floor with a view ..it was great ...the ground floor lobby with the casino is amazing ..i almost spent all my day there ..was lil noisy though but is worth with all the excitement u have....
The place was very clean and had a jungle feel to it as the theme! I loved the lion show and the stores are pretty decent. I like the theme for this hotel and how the huge lion statue is outside. I really want to stay at the MGM sometime.
I just stayed at the MGM last week and have to say that it's been my best Vegas experience yet.. . The room was pretty average compared to the New York New York and Monte Carlo.  It was clean with a comfortable bed.  I would have enjoyed an upgraded TV for the hour we watched TV while getting ready for bed, it was no big deal.. . What made the experience so great was the amazing service.. . Upon entering the hotel, a man greeted us at the front door and walked us right over to the check-in desk and chose a short line for us.. . The front desk person we talked with was able to accomodate our request for early check-in, a king bed, and a room overlooking the strip.  To top it off he was very friendly.. . We had pre-ordered tickets for Ka so we picked them up at the concierge desk.  We saw the signs for the Drew Carey Improv-a-palooza show and asked the concierge about tickets for that show as well.  They had seats in both price levels available and when we asked for a recommendation, instead of selling us on the higher-priced tickets, he gave us an honest answer that the cheaper seats were probably the better ones as they were in a booth instead of a table.  We really appreciated this honesty and had a great time at the show.. . Ka was a wonderful Cirque du Soleil show.  It's not a typical Cirque performance in that it has more of a storyline to it than any of the other shows.  It's almost like watching a movie but performed live with amazing stage effects like a 50 foot tall vertical battle scene.. . All of the dealers and waitstaff were very friendly and accomodating.  There was no single instance of running into anyone that was rude other than some jerky hotel guests (one guy didn't want to wait in line for the Player's Club to ask his question and made a big fuss about it - they had all the windows open so it's not like it was understaffed or anything).. . I'm really glad that I stayed at the MGM and will be returning for sure.
Great rooms. Great service. Great location. . . It was nice having the monorail station located inside the hotel. McDonald's is open all night. It is a large building so it is easy to get a little confused on the direction you should be walking. But it probably didn't help being a bit intoxicated. . . I would definitely stay there again.
One of the best places to stay in Vegas for a decent price. It isn't the Belaggio or Aria but it is a great hotel. I stay because I love the sportsbook and the card room. I would consider both of them to be in the top 3 for Las Vegas. The bars are great and you are never too far from more fun when you are at the MGM Grand.. . The summer scene is great too. Everyone knows about the lazy river, and if you don't you do now. For relatively cheap you can get a bucket of domestics and float for hours. All while soaking up the sights.. . Don't forget the lions habitat, a must.
I've always been a fan of MGM Grand.  This has always been the place i've stayed at whenever my family would come to Las Vegas.  BUT finally i've been able to actually gamble and enjoy drinks.  I like being able to sit at a slot machine, win money AND get drinks.  The drinks were definitely worth it, they weren't watered down, and they actually tasted like it had alcohol in it.
My husband and I traveled to Las Vegas for Valentine 2011 weekend.  We didn't stay at the MGM.  But we enjoyed their poker room, and buffet.. The poker room had 2/4 no limit texas holdem, the dealers and cocktail waitresses were very nice.  The buffet price was $25.00, and included all kinds of food (crab legs, shrimp, etc.)  You can't beat the price.  Valet parking was free and the staff was very friendly and nice.
Dies ist mein zweiter Besuch im MGM Grand und ich liebe dieses Hotel immer noch. Kein Hotel in Las Vegas bietet so eine schone Pool-Landschaft. Auerdem wird hier alles geboten, was man will: gutes teures Essen oder eher billigeres, Gambling, Shows, etc. Schadeist aber, dass im Gegensatz zum letzten Besuch der Arcade-Bereich deutlich verkleinert wurde zugunsten der CSI Attraktion.. Leider war auch ein Pool die gesamte Zeit geschlossen, was nicht begrundet wurde. Dafur war der Rest der Pool-Landschaft wie immer super. Und trotz Sommersaison waren genugend Liegen frei fur uns. Ab 17 Uhr werden aber fast alle Poolbereiche geschlossen, was sehr argerlich ist.. Das Zimmer (Bungalow Suite) war riesig und hatte drei Fernseher: einen alten vor dem Bett, dann einen riesigen Flachbild-Schirm-Fernseher fur den Wohnbereich und dann noch ein TV-Gerat, dass im Spiegel im Bad integriert war.. Das Bett war sehr bequem, genauso waren genug Schranke vorhanden. Das Bad hatte eine riesige Massage-Dusche mit zusatzlicher Regendusche, dazu zwei Waschbecken.. Leider gibt es keine Kuhlschranke oder Wasserkocher auf dem Zimmer.. Auerdem hatten wir extreme Probleme mit dem Housekeeping. Zwei mal wurde unser Zimmer gar nicht gemacht. Produkte wie Duschgel, etc. wurden haufiger vergessen. Einmal kam Housekeeping nachts um 1, nachdem wir uns beschwert hatten. Allerdings dauerte es lange, bis das Housekeeping auch an unserem Zimmer ankam. Anstatt 20 Minuten dauerte die Reinigung dann auch 45 Minuten. Als wir fragten, weshalb das so lange dauerte, wurden wir bezichtigt, dass unser Zimmer scheinbar extrem dreckig sein musste, wenn das Personal so lang braucht.. Uns wurde auerdem ein Turndown-Service fur die nachsten Tage versprochen, der aber nie kam.. Da wir in einer Woche viel gespielt haben im Casino, hat uns der Player's Club auerdem zugesichert, zwei Nachte gratis zu bekommen. Beim Check-Out war davon dann keine Rede mehr und die Mitarbeiter konnten uns nicht weiterhelfen.. Bei einem weiteren Problem bezuglich von Offnungszeiten einer Mall, nahmen wir den Concierge Service zur Hilfe. Auch da konnte uns zunachst nicht weitergeholfen werden, was mich uberrascht hat. Normalerweise sollten Concierge gut informiert sein uber ihre Stadt. Die Wartezeit beim Concierge war teilweise auch sehr lang (uber 20 Min.). Auch die Wartezeit beim Valet-Parking dauerte manchmal langer als 20 Minuten. Immerhin ist das Valet Parking gratis, genauso wie der Internet-Zugang.. Manner sollten spat abends nicht mehr allein im Casino unterwegs sein, da sie andauern von scheinbaren Hostessen angesprochen/angeflirtet werden. Das kann sehr nervig werden, wenn die Freundin oben im Zimmer ist und man nur was zu trinken holen wollte. Komisch, dass sowas offensichtlich immer noch tolleriert wird vom MGM.. . Alles in allem wurde ich immer wieder kommen in dieses Hotel. Allerdings schafft es das MGM Grand nicht, meinen Aufenthalt zu einem vollig perfekten Erlebnis zu machen. Vielleicht kommt das noch. Und vielleicht macht auch endlich wieder der gesamte Poolbereich irgendwann auf.
ithink MGM Grand is the only property in Vegas that might very well appeal to everyone....college kids on spring break, families, high rollers, and people on a modest budget all can enjoy themselves here. The place is HUGE, there is a LOT to do, a great selection of restaurants that touch on a variety of cuisines, including the great Joel Robuchon's namesake restaurant (a must do on my honeyroom stopover in Sept.). If you signup online or text them you can get pretty good deals on rooms (which are nothing special but get the job done and are clean and comfy). If you are going to Vegas for the first time, I recommend MGM. Then try Bellagio or mandalay next time. Oh by the way, get a players card and gamble and stay ONLY at MGM MIrage-affiliated casinos (there's like eight of them on the strip  I think). You can reap some incredible rewards..I just got two nights free at Mandalay Bay...so I'll be writing that review when I get back.
I really enjoyed my stay at this casino. Yes, it is a HUGE floorplan but it isn't nearly as confusing as people say once you orient yourself a little bit. I always enjoy watching the lions here after I get a few drinks in my system. The casino is large and has quite a few tables so you never feel crowded. The resort fee included a $15 free credit for drinks, which we used to buy 5 $3 Skyy cocktails at the West Wing Lounge. Nice, comfy, lounge with great Happy Hour from 5-8 every day. Drinks were strong and the lounge was not very crowded. Many restaurants with a huge variety of food from fast food to fine dining. I didn't stay there during pool season, but the pool area was quite impressive and looked like quite a bit of fun. The only downside that I saw was that the rooms are pretty small, albeit modern. The bathroom was an open bathroom with a stall for the toilet and a shower stall. Warning, the stalls are see through even with the frosted glass. The shower was big enough for two and had great water pressure and a handheld sprayer to get those more difficult areas to clean. In terms of location, it is also pretty for south on the strip, so if you don't want to walk A LOT, you are better off staying at a more centralized location/ All in all, I highly recommend the MGM as a place to enjoy a trip to Vegas.
Addicted to Majestic Lions! Jackpot!
We stayed at one of MGMs penthouse suites for a bachelorette party and I was pretty darn impressed by the room and the VIEW was amazing!. . The room was clean and they provided us with enough towels for an army, which I liked, since girls likes to shower often (at least I do). . . I arrived later with two other friends, and the rest of the girls were already out day drinking, but check- in was not a problem at all. We were on the guest list of the room and got our keys. Qiuck and easy, just the way I like it!
I have such a love for this place because its the first place I ever stayed in Vegas. The casino must be seen to be believed so large you will get lost, lions roam around in a habitat, the whole thing is great. If you are seeing a boxing match and it is at The MGM Grand, stay here, there is absolutely no reason not to. Lots of great restaurants and my favorite cirque show in Vegas, KA. Always been lucky there, always had a great time, always a food experience!
The LV Monorail dumps you into the mall of the MGM Grand. You pass stores, fancy restaurants, and a food court to get to the casino or anything else. . . The MGM Grand is a huge gorgeous place (yes, the casino is smoky, but I'm over it). Plenty of shops, restaurants, gaming areas, and clubs. . . We won a little. Ate it up at WolfgangPuck (see yelp). And basically used it as a launch pad for our exploration of the Strip. . . I would like to stay there 1 day. I'm a fan.
We went there for a concert, and loved the venue. Every seat had a great view of the stage, the sound was amazing. Decently priced drinks compared to other locations in Vegas. Would go again!
Great option for lodging in Las Vegas - I booked a room for four nights in January 2011 and averaged $65/night - can't beat that!  The rate also included 2-for-1 coupons at the breakfast buffet.  I wasn't expecting much but it definitely didn't disappoint!  . The MGM has a monorail stop if that's what you're in to but it's way cheaper and more convenient to take a cab. . Considering how many rooms they have, check-in/check-out was efficient and quick.  My only complaint is that this place is almost overwhelmingly enormous - it takes forever to get anywhere.
Stayed here for four nights for my brother's bachelor party.  I got a great deal on our room through the MGM's Guestbook Member promotion - around $100 a night for four nights over a long weekend.  All in all, it was a very good experience.  The hotel is huge, but the service is still attentive enough to hide the fact that there are thousands of rooms in this place.  The casino is pretty modern, has a lot of great restaurants, and reasonable minimum bets at the tables.  Location is a bit far south on the strip, but it's still a reasonably short walk from New York New York, Planet Hollywood, and Paris.
This is my favorite casino hotel on the strip.  I've actually stayed in a few, but the only upper-end hotels I've stayed at are Mandalay, the Venetian, Signature MGM and MGM Tower.  . . I love the Hollywood theme (even being a Hollywood resident myself), and the place is simply MASSIVE.  You almost don't need to leave the hotel the whole time you're there to get a full Vegas experience.  The casino and shopping/dining areas are so expansive and segmented that you can find different pockets to hang out in and get a totally different feel for the place.
Over the years i have stay at the MGM many times and never have had a problem..the check-in staff and the dealer to the pit bosses are all pretty nice!!!! . . they send me free room offer all the time...stay 2 nights for free a couple of weeks ago!!! rooms are nice and clean!!!!!
Overall, I had a good experience here. I would go here again, but there are some glaring issues that I want to have addressed.. . When we booked, we were getting a promotion deal which included 2 complimentary buffets. We also booked a King room. No one told us if it was a request, or anything like that.. . When we go to check in, we are told they only have Queen rooms  available. I said, I booked a King, they told me unless I paid a $30 fee that room size isn't guaranteed. I push a bit, then the lady checks with a manager, and then magically they have a King room available. I think it's a very stupid Hotel Policy of  "first come, first serve" when it comes to room size. If all the Kings become booked, then stop booking ppl for king sized rooms, tell them only queens are available. it will solve your issue. . . We were told by the front desk that we just need to charge the buffet to our room # and it will be comp'ed off. We went to go to the buffet, got our ticket, but then decided to take a quick nap. They were closed when they come back. didn't know a buffet in a hotel in vegas would close at 10. Oh well, I was afraid that they wouldn't comp the buffet off (and we didn't even get to use our ticket), so I didn't do the express check out, and waited in line. Good thing I did because they were going to charge me for the buffet! The front desk told me it was a booking error. Stupid. . . The room was nice, very clean hotel, good food choices, all in all, I liked the trip, except for all these issues with room sizes, booking, and charges. They should really get that part straightened out, because that would have made this a 5 star vacation.
Been a regular for a while now. Day of we got a great deal on priceline because we wanted to get there a day early. Love the MGM.. . Pros: . Cost - Rooms can be expensive if not booked in advance, but you can find deals on hotwire or priceline day of or day before. . Crowd - Busy with a younger crowd, doesn't feel stuck up.. Food - I love the pastrami sandwich at the deli by the sportsbook.. Gaming -  Love the sportsbook, lots of comfy seats with a TON of screens to get the game you want. Craps is affordable around the clock for most people that want to play. Typically there is always a $10 min table available.. Rooms - very nice for the cost, the beds are very comfortable.. Comps - 2 complimentary beverage coupons and free wifi were included with our room reservation which was handy. . . Cons: . -Can be overly crowded to get in the poker room or some of the craps tables. . -The sportsbook has a high bet for a drink minimum.. . Great times are to be had at the MGM.
Great hotel to stay at while your visiting las vegas. They pretty much try to offer everything you need so you dont have to leave the hotel. Dont bother with the CSI experience, it was kind of lame.
Good things about the MGM Grand:  Giant kitty habitat!  And as you enter from across NYNY, you can buy Jello shots for cheap!  It has some of the best dining on the Strip -- Craftsteak, Nob Hill Tavern, and Joel R.'s restaurants.  And more.  And they're all delicious.  . . Bad things?  Well, the whole Studio Walk part is pretty tacky.  It's a nightmare to park in its garage, and CSI The Experience should get a forensics team in to figure out just who killed the fun in it.
We have stayed in a tower room prior to this trip, which was average...  but this time we stayed on the West Wing. AWESOME!!!! . . Not only were the amenities cool, up to date and chic as heck, but they offered us $30 in drink credits upon check-in as well (something we didn't receive last time). . . If I can recommend anyone who's traveling to the MGM one thing, stay in the WEST WING! It's awesome! They have a friggin tv in the bathroom mirror! LOL....
Beautiful, just beautiful. You walk through here and you instantly feel like a celebrity with all the gold hues and glittery shining decor. . . Your mind plays out a wealthy fantasy in your head and you're so ready to tap the shoulder of any random person and proclaim, "I'm Rich, Biotch!!". . Instead, you look into your wallet and sigh... But no worries, there are plenty of opportunities to earn some $$$ back. The casino in this hotel is pretty huge. I just remember being tired walking through it just to get to the elevators. Long night out? Drunk? Who knows. . . Now the funny thing was seeing kids running around the casino at 10pm. Hahah. . . It looks like a small hotel from the lobby, but if you find yourself in the belly of the MGM beast, you will soon find yourself in another zip code. It's HUGE in here!  . . Oh man.. I felt like Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz: disoriented and lost. No wonder this was originally the Oz hotel. Where were my magic ruby slippers? It took me an entire hour to find my way back to familiar grounds. Where the hell was I? . . There is a grand ballroom of sorts, an underground shopping center where I tried some slushy alcoholic drink, the live lions, Wolfgang Puck's restaurant and others, a pool area, several clubs and bars, and a whole mess of other stuff to do and see. . . They have the KA Cirque du Soleil show here, and famous acts that come here to perform. . . Yes, this is a great hotel, and from our room, we could see the sun rising behind some mountains in the distance. Sooo beautiful. I couldn't forget the view that morning before going to bed. . . On a side note, the hallway to our room was so damn long, it reminded me of the hallway in The Shining. . . The missing star is due to the clogged toilet and the 2 hours it took for the maintenance people to arrive and fix the darned thing. . . It wasn't the cheapest hotel on the strip, but it had the best price and great reviews. Other than the toilet troubles, it is a great place to stay and worth the money.
An absolute delight for my first time in Vegas.. Friendly staff with comfortable atmosphere. Personally, even better in the non-smoking spots.. Room was as expected with a decent view. Elevators are smooth and quick with 4 available for a range of floors.. Restaurants are pretty good regarding availability options. I recommend the 'wichcraft, Wolfgang Puck, and the Grand Buffet.. Floor is very open with slots and tables. The signs are very readable to get to wherever you want to go. Note, use reference points/places so you can easily to about. Even with the signs, I got lost a few times until I used the Lion habitat as a go-to point.. The pool is ok. Nice and sunny for tanning and relaxing. But quite the distance from the elevators.. Outside, by far one of the best and classiest hotels. Well lit and you can't miss it with its regal gold lion and green lighting.. A big fan of this place and will definitely return here.
I've stayed at the MGM a few times now, in both standard rooms and one of their larger suites.  Never stayed in the West Wing yet.. . Check in at the airport has always won out for us, it always seems completely quiet and the staff are friendly.  You can be checked, room key in hand, and hopefully negotiate that strip view room (remember to smile and be charming:) in a few short minutes.  Compare that with the actual hotel check in which can sometimes resemble a scene from World War one trench fighting.. . The non West Wing rooms are pretty old now, they show their age.  Keep that in mind, and its not too bad.  CRT's in hotel rooms feel so weird now, not an LCD to be seen.  Beds are comfy, rooms are tidy but showing some fraying, scrapes and bumps around the edges.  Bathrooms are nice and spacious even in the small standard rooms, featuring some pretty decent freebie bathroom products.  The shower on our last visit was red hot, and like a firehose, huge thumbs up here :). . Resort fees are pretty much defacto in Vegas these days, the MGM isnt any different.  For what its worth that does include WiFi access each day, and a $15 bar credit during your stay.  I know other places that will charge you the resort fee and then another for WiFi so its not *too* bad given the status quo.. . The casino itself is absolutely huge.  Walking from one end to the other takes a few minutes, and on busier evenings towards and through the weekend, it gets smoky.  They pretty much have every single which way to separate you from your wage packet, from simple penny slots through to all your favourite table games and high roller lounges, to get your cash even quicker from larger denomination fills.  Its a dark, gloomy place, which I actually like, its fun to gamble in.. . The array of restaurants is fantastic.  Theres a food court with basics like Nathans and McDonalds, going through big name chefs like Tom Colichio and Michael Mina all the way up to three star Michelin awarded Joel Robuchon.  There really is something here for every budget and palate.  Theres also your standard coffee shop and buffet places, which are overpriced and mediocre to be honest.  One note is that the vast majority of the food outlets close by 10PM, which has caught us off guard on many an adventure.  Wolfgang Pucks restaurant opens way into the small hours, but its not exactly the cheapest place in the world to grab a late night burger.  A bit weird actually that theres nowhere cheap and cheerful late night.. . One highlight we discovered on our recent visit was the West Wing bar and its daily 5-8pm happy hour.  At the start of the week they offer $3 Sky based cocktails, which rise to $5 towards the weekend.  But seriously where in a big Vegas hotel can you get a decent cocktail for $3, awesome!  We came back and back again.  We also found you can use the $15 resort bar credit in conjunction with the happy hour, which on sun-wed, will basically get you five sky vodka powered cocktails for free, woo! :). . We've stayed all over Vegas and the MGM is a good mid level resort, that wont break the bank, but does have those luxe options if you want them.  . . Now if only I could win enough on those tables to stay in their Skylofts...
MGM is my Vegas home away from home... they always take care of us and we have never had any problems with the rooms, check in or any of the restaurants.... one time I had a complaint about housekeeping not changing our towels and the front desk gave us resort credit to use at any of their restaurants... perfect since it was my birthday weekend!  so we use it at the Wolfgang Puck restaurant which was good and they gave us birthday cake on the house.... . we use the players card every time we gamble or play slots and we receive offers year round for discounted rooms and complimentary upgrades.. Casino is great, people watching all over the place...
Stayed here over the weekend and not completely happy. Although the suite we stayed in was good, it basically took FOREVER to get anywhere in this casino.  From our room to the pool was like 18.4 miles... Service was decent, price was alright but not cheap.  My ghetto friends were happy that at least they had a Mcdonald's that actually served dollar menu items though.  Normally the food chains that come into the LV hotels jack up their prices such as the Mcdonald's at the LUXOR but not here at MGM.  Won $500 playing 3 card poker though!! If you want to stay at a convenient hotel in Vegas, this is not the one but if you wanna walk 4 miles to see lions sleep and enjoy a $46 bucket of six pack beers at the pool, this is not a bad place to book.
MGM Grand, how I love you. Just came back from my 4th stay here and it never lets me down. . . If you are looking around for the right place to stay in Las Vegas you just need to know that the MGM Grand is reliable and has a bit of everything for all different types of people. . . You can bring your family here for vacation, you just need to know where to bring the kids and what palces to avoid. Even by the pool you can kind of feel out where the familys are and where the single wild groups are camped out. . . If you are looking to party you have Wet Republic which is insane and Studio 54 is still a solid nightlife choice. Tabu is a solid lounge choice if you are not looking to go crazy dancing. . . The food is excellent, the buffet used to be legendary but i had to take it down a notch for my last stay(spring break 2011), the food quality was still good but not what it used to be. . . Good spots on site include Diego for Mexican, Tom Colliccio's Craft Steak, a diner that serves breakfast all day and so many other options like the Rainforst Cafe that's open till the wee hours. They have Starbucks on property.. . The basic room has plenty of space and they still have the old MGM movie posters on the walls, nothing spectacular at this point but clean and comfortable. The bungalow suite is a good bet if you are going to party because there is a ton of room to hang out. . . The all-time best thing to do is buy a $22 "yardstick" pina colada or strawberry daquori, which is 32 ounces and comes with $11 refills, sit by one of the the seven pools, lazy river or waterfall all day and enjoy!. . All in all i still love staying at MGM and will continue to stay here when i'm in Vegas. Make sure you bring plenty of cash regardless where you stay because Vegas shouldnt be done on the cheap, theres just too much to experience.
i was a little leary of staying here. my thoughts were old. dirty. blah. but its where my friends wanted to stay. . im a non smoker i hate smelling like smoke, i shower about 4 times a day while in vegas..psycho i know but it makes me feel gross.. i booked a room in the west tower. its a non smoking area. . i have to say i was really impressed. check in was quick and easy. i did get a little lost getting to my room. i was also a little tipsy from the plane ride so i wont blame the mgm. . the room was above and beyond what i expected. clean. modern. smelled fresh. comfortable. the window situation was a little lacking BUT who stays in the room to look out the window.. the food available was awesome. i budgeted more money to eat than i did to gamble. . the bars like rouge are nice, service a little slow even though it was empty but overall i would return to rogue.. also went to tabu...this was alot of fun. except the dj repeated his entire 45 min set about three times...come on dude?!?! really. prepare more music.. . the pool area was gorgeous. it was a little cold for me to do more than dangle my legs in the water, but when i go back i will be all over that lazy river. . . the staff through out was very nice and attentive. . overall i was impressed and will return. . . also the lions were awesome!!
Even though the Imperial Palace pays me, I tend to be drawn to MGM.  I dunno.. I like kitties.  They've never comped me *exception buffet, big effin deal.  I stayed here once, and it was a standard stay.. nothing special.  They're connected to the monorail if that helps.  The thing is, the food court- really?  Are you staying at a mall or a hotel?  Oh, and they keep getting my money.  Grrrrrrrrr.. . Anyways, great pool, decent rooms, average service, and they'll kill you at the tables.
Very decent to hotel to stay at if your in Vegas on a budget. The rooms are very clean and with a players card more then likely you will qualify for a comp room or a very good discount..The customer service is always quick in check in and great to accommodate any last minute request.. I dont you to valet because it takes at least 20 to 25 minutes for valet to bring your car. As for what there is to do in the hotel there is plenty from of course the casino which I LoVe to gamble at, the tables are low, compared to the Wynn or Palazzo. There is great variety of restaurants to choose from, from McDonalds to Emerald.
Its clean on the inside. Friendly and helpful employees. The Lion Habitat was closed though i just missed them. Next time though and i will add trying the Buffet to my list.
I like this hotel. I do. So sue me!. . The room was clean and we were checked in the morning after the big fight so it was booked and you know someone already cleaned that room.. . The soap (jasmine) smells wonderful. Beds were comfy and the staff is nice and fast. We thought we didn't have a remote and they brought a new one up in less than 10 minutes.. . The casino is fun, and has a lot of slots that I like. Restaurant choice is great. Overall, it's one of the better hotels.
So..being mine and my friend Mark's first time in Las Vegas, we did not know what to expect from the MGM Grand. . . There have been some terrible reviews on Yelp, some great ones as well. But a lot seem to be based on the time that people had, not the place they reviewed. . . So, I had a pretty good time in Las Vegas. Therefore the MGM was pretty good. Hah! . . The good things about the place - . . *The check-in was not a problem for me. Many people have found it an issue when they have reviewed it on Yelp. I found the staff to be swift in action and super-helpful. We did not even have to wait for too long to see the friendly check-in assistant. . . *The pools were all great, but can get pretty busy in there! . . The good things about the room we had (Main Hotel) were that the bathroom was finished to a high standard and spacious. I loved the view over The Strip. The window sill was nice and low, and had decent headroom. The windows could have done with a clean though. . . I had a great time at the Grand. The hotel is a really good all-round performer, and if the price is right, I will be back there.
I thought that the MGM would be a high-class place, like Bellagio. It's very good, with clean rooms, retro furniture, and a multi-jet showerhead, but it's not ultra-luxe. The walls are pretty thin and you hear everything that happens in the hallway. If you get one of their Twitter deals, you've got a steal.. Our room had a few issues, but the repairman came up quickly and fixed them while we were out enjoying the hotel.. The spa is good and offers fun seasonal specials. There's an upcharge on weekends and a service fee (tax and 17% tip) that they don't mention when you book your treatment.  The spa has a whirlpool, sauna and steam room, no cold pool.  For me, that's a slight disadvantage.  The spa at the Palms has one, and I enjoy a cold dip after a good sauna session.  The shower was awesome, with a huge rainshower head.. The food is very good.  Avoid the Studio Cafe, though.  It's not bad, but there are much better breakfast deals on the Strip, like Hash House a Go-Go at Imperial Palace.  If you're stupid-ass drunk and need a hangover cure at MGM, Studio Cafe will do it.  If you're a bit sober, go someplace else for more bang for your buck.
I have been to Vegas 5 Times, and each time I have tried to stay in a different Hotel.. . The MGM Grand was a nice and clean hotel, with a great pool and atmosphere and you can't beat the price. They also had a offer, where if you got the MGM Grand VIP pass, which you put $500 on a card and you have to spend within MGM Grand Hotels, you got other special offers and discounts which in the end was actually very helpful, as we were able to get half price tickets to some shows, we were able to get a free limo to the airport, and got discounts on all the food we ate.. . The biggest drawback from this hotel is that it's like staying in a Maze. I was constantly asking myself where I was the first couple days until I got my bearings straight.. . The Room View that we received was of the roof of another part of the hotel which wasn't that great, but the room itself was very nice. The TV in the room was a very nice flat screen TV.. . The Food within the MGM Grand is good, which is what you get when you stay at a Huge Hotel.. . Even though there were multiple starbucks within the Hotel they were always ridiculously crowded and the lines weren't really worth it.. . The Spa at the MGM was very nice, and very very accommodating. I had my girlfriend go and get a manicure and pedicure while I gambled a bit, and she was very happy and when I went back to the Spa to meet with her it was if she had known the people for years, they were very friendly.. . The Pool area was very nice, and the bars were very conveniently placed, so you really didn't have to wait for a drink long at all.. . I would recommend this Hotel, but for the first couple of days have a hotel map handy.
This really is one of my favorite casinos on the Strip.  It's classy, but not overly "museum pretentious" like some of the newer places, the restaurants are EXCELLENT, their entertainment venue (Grand Garden Arena) has played host to several excellent shows, and honestly, I rate casinos here based off memories built and fun experiences.. . They have a nice amount of entertainment here.  54 is a fun club.  "Ka" is a highly enjoyable Cirque show.  they have live lions here in their personal habitat.  I've heard of and seen pictures that they had a full theme park here, but that was before my time in Vegas, and I can only wonder now what that was like.  There are still tiny hints and remnants around the place, and I do remember it semi mid-transition.  It still has some "theme" elements left, like the recent "CSI" attraction that they added not too long ago.  It took the arcade's place, though there is a Gameworks right next door.. . It's also in a good spot on the Strip, where you can easily walk to a lot of other casinos and venues, without feeling completely out of the way here.  that said, this place is huge.  If you've been walking around, and your feet are tired, this casino is not your friend.  I once made the mistake of trying to talk the outside of it to get to my car, thinking it really wasn't all that big.  Let my experience save you from making a similar lapse in common sense: Don't try that.. . It's a middle road between "expensive" and "all access" depending on what you want to do at the place.  But it's still very nice, and the staff, right down to the people who valet your car, have always been pleasant in my experiences.  And as I said earlier, these casinos for many come down to the sum of the experiences that you have there in order to generate loyalty or "personal favorites".  This is one that you can have a good time at, and keep revisiting to continue that vibe.
I must say, a nice hotel, Impressed how nice our room was, and we got the room for a steal for the 5 nights we were there. It took awhile to check in/ out, and that kinda sucked, but its always busy in Vegas, and when the guy in front of you has 20 questions..well.... .Our room was at the very end of the hall, before the Skylofts, so heels came off and we walked barefoot till we got to the elevator. A girls gotta do what a girls gotta do... I would stay again.
Came here for a bachelor party, got the end hall suite, overall a positive experience :). . PROS:. -Good Room Service - we had someone plunging our crap filled, plugged toilet at 4am. Epic!!!. -Crazy Horse - the burlesque show was AMAZAZING!. -Tip the waitresses well at first in the casino and they'll never let your cup go dry. -Very close to the airport ($11 taxi). -Across the street from Hooters. -Walking distance to a number of other good hotels/casinos. . CONS: . -Far from the strip. -Bad luck at their casinos. -The late night guy at the elevators checking for your room key gets annoying
The MGM Grand is one of those classic Vegas hotels that is here to stay. When you walk into the hotel lobby, the entire area is massive. The front desk workers were very helpful and courteous, providing us with information and answering all of our questions.. . The room was in a great location. We had a view of New York New York directly in front of us, and the mountains were very visible in the background, which made for a nice view when we woke up in the morning. . . The hotel's pool is amazing. It's like a flowing stream that goes around an island. The temperature of the water was not too cold. Walking to the pool was a little cumbersome. We had to walk through the casino to get to the pool area, which seemed a mile away. . . Another cool thing about this hotel is the lion area. It's cool walking in an area where the lions are literally above your head in a glass encasing. . . Overall, I would recommend this hotel. Some people may think it's too far from the strip, but it is actually on the strip. I consider it to be at the beginning of the strip as you're coming in from the airport.
My first ever experience in Las Vegas as a 21 year old began by arriving at the MGM Grand following a flight courtesy of Virgin America. One word describes the MGM: GRAND. It's name literally is the perfect description to understand this place. . . The initial check in area/lobby is enormous. There were many employees at the front desk and we were checked in within 15 minutes. We did encounter a small issue when requesting our rooms; we reserved our room online for a king bed in the grand tower, turns out we supposedly reserved a room with two queens. This was sort of bothersome as what we reserved is what we really wanted, but apparently no single king rooms were available so we were placed in the West Wing, somewhat of a false advertising thing as all the grand tower rooms I saw mostly had two queens. In reality, our west wing room was really cool with a nice, large bed with dimly lit lighting. It came with a standard TV and DVD player, ample closet space and a sleek bathroom at the entry. Be wary; if your trying to stay cheap and reserve a room for two people, no locks on the bathroom doors and it is likely you'll hear any bathroom issues if an individual were to have any. Otherwise the room itself was very nice and worth the price. The worst part is a long, long, long walk from the room to the elevator which seems endless every time.. . The amenities offered by the MGM include the cardio room, the lion habitat (it's free viewing, you figure that $20 resort fee has to maintain the lions), and the magnificent pool area. . . The pool area was phenomenal: several separate pools and the thrilling lazy river. As we enjoyed two plus hours of floating down the lazy river, we did so with round doughnut floaters available for $10 for half a day and $15 for a full day. Lockers are provided for $1.50 yet many of then were broken. As we traveled down the lazy river, we of course had drinks in hand and also nearby was a mini store and bar serving alcohol and food. Be ware, bring your own lotion as we forgot to purchase some and were shocked to discover that the sun tanning lotion we were buying was going to cost $17! Nonetheless, this minor setback would not stop us. It was like a nonstop party going around the lazy river with everyone drinking something and having a good time.. . The MGM also had several dinning venues and retail stores. There is a food court that has Nathan's Hot Dogs, McDonalds, New York Pizza, Wolfgang Puck Bar and several others that are open throughout the day and into the night. The nightclubs present in this location are such places as studio 54, Vida after 10:30pm. Slots and gambling are a must while here with some tables starting at very low bets.. . Overall, the MGM was a very awesome experience. The only setbacks were the enormous area that needed to be covered on foot such as walking from the elevator to our rooms, which took forever. Unfortunate, unless you know your way around pretty well, its tough to reach the strip where all the action was taking place and we were forced to catch a cab to all the locations and clubs we wanted to visit. Nonetheless, all the employees were very friendly and the cab fares relatively reasonable. Even at 4 AM, people would not stop coming in and out of the hotel, which is the reason people come to Vegas. Its a party 24-7. I must return one day once again, the Lazy River is a keeper.
The place is huge! Clean, busy fun and worth the price to stay.. Lots of good restaurants!
MGM Grand is a great place to stay! I never had a bad experience here. The rooms are nice and the people that work at the MGM Grand are really nice. They have the best pool in Las Vegas ( well I think its the best). They also have a lions exhibit in the middle of the Casino so if you have kids make sure you stop by there! But I warn you there are always pushy people at the exhibit they have to act like they never saw a lion before!
Stayed here for my 21st birthday vegas trip. Honestly it was better than I expected. I read some of the reviews here that said it was old and dirty but I did not get that at all!. . The only negative thing from keeping this a five star review was upon check in, they gave me two double beds instead of what I had booked. They said it was based on availability, I understood but still did not think it was right. The next morning I called down to the front desk they got me another room with the king size bed and a city view.  . . I had a BLAST here, Poker here was the best. Thats where I spent all my time. I stayed for a week and could not have been more pleased with the staff. . . The parking really is a pain thou, Almost a 10 min walk to our car. So I just valet it from there on. The hotel is HUGE! . . I cant wait for my next trip out here!
Very nice casino, can't wait to go back!  Plenty of open tables, endless number of slot machines.  You never really have to leave the hotel to have a great weekend in Vegas.
The rooms, like the hotel itself, are huge.  Very comfortable accommodations, but because the hotel is so darn large, I always got lost and had trouble finding my room.  Didn't appreciate it in the wee hours of the morninig.  All in all, it was fine, the beds were quite comfy, and I enjoyed my stay.  I'd probably stay elsewhere next time, though, so I don't have issues with finding my room.  The casino was NOT kind to me....well, none of them are, but that's to be expected, right?
I like this hotel because you can find everything from the best restaurants to . fast food.Midnight soups at Cafe  was the best.We saw two shows ,David copperfield and KA .Lots of fun .
Great hotel! I found a deal online and booked a room for 3 days. Split between 4 people, the rate was very reasonable. Gorgeous hotel with plenty to eat (upscale and cheap), lounges, and entertainment options. The pools were huge, but full of drunk people (always amusing). My tip, bring alcohol with you to the room. Don't buy drinks at the lounges or pool. It's way too expensive. Downsides: our toilet kept clogging, the shower didn't drain too well and the sink handle leaked. Also, housekeeping knocked and kept waking us up early EACH DAY even when we had the "do not disturb" sign up on the door.
The hotel was very clean and great service! The housekeeping was extremely attentive. It wasnt even that expensive. Loved the goose down comforter. I did not want to get out of my bed during my vacation =) I will be staying at MGM again!! MOST DEFINITELY
This was the 5th time I stayed at the MGM....and the first time I used the pool.  I thought the lazy river was great fun.   I. .  loved the food at Wolfgang Pucks...and the Studio Cafe.  Got to see a glimpse of the lions, and fed a bunch of my hard earned money into the slot machines.  . . All in all it was a good stay, but I do think some of their employees could improve on their customer service.
I've mostly always stayed at this hotel. It's a good location, not smack in the middle of the strip but there are so many hotels around the area you can walk to with connecting bridges. Overall it's a great place to stay, clean and nice, but there has been some incidents of rude employees and long check in lines. I do think the rooms should be updated, at least flat screens!
The 5 different pools in the MGM Grand complex alone were more than enough to justify the expense! It didn't hurt that our group of 11 was blessed with beautiful sunshine and 85-degree weather. For a fantastic experience in Vegas, a stay at the MGM is a must for the sole reason of the pools - Lazy River will go a long way towards killing that hangover from the previous night!. . The hotel concierges were very helpful, there was no problem checking in; all of our questions were answered courteously. Room service was very helpful as well, they provided us extra bedding (without charging us for the additional occupants, thank God!) and fixed a lamp that wasn't working.. . To be honest, the MGM does not have the highest-quality rooms, the interiors were about the same level of decor as a Holiday Inn. The showerhead looked like it hadn't been replaced in decades, and the water pressure was very harsh. The AC system worked only sporadically, which I'm sure will be a problem for them in the summer months when the temps climb to the 120s and the windows still don't open :). . All told, I would recommend the MGM for anyone who wants to do Vegas to the max - casinos, bars, nightlife, pools, "the world is your oyester" type of trip. MGM has a huge complex apart from the pools offering endless casino space, fine dining, and a less expensive food court. Every possible amenity is included in the massive facility. Just try not to pay attention to the quality of the hotel room itself, that is clearly not the focus at MGM.
This casino is great, but it seems like all casinos on the strip seems to be great. Not much to write about here as we came here to just check around. Didn't gamble much didn't check out the rooms or pool (because we didn't room there). But all in all it was great couple of things I like about this casino is that they had there own Lion watch area where there are a few lions walking around ina glass area. We actually got there at a good time as we ran into the UFC poker tournament and get to see a few UFC fighters.
First, we got CHEAP AS HECK room rates (and yes, they add a $23 a day "hotel charge" which takes away somewhat from the great deal).  We got a free upgrade to a Suite.  . . ALL and EVERY employee we had any contact with-- from Bell Men, Parking Attendants, Security, Waitpersons, Concierge, Dealers, etc. etc. etc.-- were wonderful.  Polite, friendly, professional.  SUPER wonderful staff.  Very nice and did great.  We liked that.  It was true everywhere in the hotel casino.  The staff were excellent.  And our maid(s)-- did a fabulous job cleaning our suite every day.  Can't say enough good stuff.  Take some of that $$$ away from the stupid "suits" and give the "working staff" all raises.. they make the place great.. . Place is TOO DARN BIG.   Just too big.  We rented me a "scooter" and that helped some with my mobility problems.  But it is still just too big.. . POOL:  They have a wonderful Floating River.  Takes a good 10-15 minutes to go around the whole thing. Nice staff, nice plantings, etc.  BUT:  This time, July 4th to 9th, there were TOO MANY KIDS-- screaming, running, bumping, obnoxious, loud, horrible KIDS.   They clogged the floating river and the pools.  Ruined that part for us.  Just too much.. . "Ka", Cirque du Soleil show:   WOW!   OMG!   A+++++.  Awesome show.  Best of the 7 Cirque shows I have seen.  Just outstanding.  So worth it.  Wish I could go again.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it.  . . Restaurants:   Ate at Wolfgang Puck one night.  Wow, the prices were pretty reasonable and food was EXCELLENT, as was waiter.  Next night we went to "Diego" Oaxacan Mexican food... very very good.  Loved the chicken in mole sauce.   Great meal.   Never made it to the buffet.  For breakfast we loved the cafe restaurant.   Hopefully next time we will get to try Joel Robuchon (heard many great things); Emeril's, and other places.. . It was clean, nice, pretty, and excelent staff.  Just wish it was a little smaller.   Wonderful place to stay for a great rate.
Being my first time to Vegas I have to say I enjoyed my stay here. On our last night we saw one of the few shows MGM Grand offers- Crazy Horse Paris. I loved it! It is a small intimate burlesque show but if you like burlesque you will definitely like this show. The food court is nice for late night snacking. Having said all that if we ever go back to Vegas we will definitely be staying at the Venetian!!!! Better food for sure!!!
Great rooms.  Easy to get around the strip.
One of my favorite casinos and hotel on the strip! I've stayed at a handful of places and the MGM is still the go to classic. So, its not as swanky as Bellagio, Cosmopolitan or the Wynn but year after year, visit after visit I always find myself making my way over to the MGM. The rooms are not quite as plush but who cares? If you are coming to Vegas to indulge in your room instead of indulging in the sights, sounds and tastes of Vegas than you might be hopeless and in the wrong city. I don't come to Vegas to hole up in my room...I'm lucky if I even see the inside of my room for more than a few short hours.
Had a very enjoyable stay.  Do not eat in the buffet.. Rooms were nice and the staff very friendly and helpful.. Prepare to do a lot of walking.  The halls are very long.. If you have an iPhone - there is a good app. available.
The MGM is situated right on the strip. It is HUGE. The MGM has one of the biggest casino floor on the strip and the place feels a bit like a mall. There are shops situated in the hotel and the restaurants are top notch. Foodies take note: they Have Tom Collichio, Michael Mina, and other notable chefs, type restaurants in the hotel. I hear that Michael Mina's is one of the best restaurants on the strip.. . The hotel also features Wet Republic and Cirque du Soleil. Other entertainment features include CSI: The Experience.. . I loved walking around this hotel. It's really big! And the lobby is cool.
Maybe I'm not high maintenance? I don't know..... I just don't get all the bad reviews. Room was fine, bars were great, what else?. Was here for work, so didn't get a chance to do much..... . Was here for a convention so i spent most of my time in the arena, which was HUGGGEE, the ballroom and some of the conference rooms.. . Besides the seminars, I slept for 3 hrs a night and went bar hopping in the casino....I like MGM.
For the price I paid, I would say that yes, MGM is good. I liked the restaurants, I liked the lions, and I liked the lobby, the casino, and the fact that Fat Tuesday was in the building.. . The service was okay. A little bit cold, but at least it was fast and got us on our way. All we wanted to do was get to our rooms and get settled in anyways!. . Now the room we got to was interesting. We got one of the West Wing rooms, and we found out that the best way to get there was though the West Wing Bar. Take the normal elevators, and if you got a West Wing room expect a long walk. It was the trippiest moment in my life, I kid you not. I thought that there was a mirror at the end of the hallway, but nope, it was actually another couple walking towards us! Seriously, the hallway was so long I couldn't believe it. Good thing we found the west wing elevators.. . The room left a very big impression. Yes, it is small. Very small. The first thing you see is the sink in your bathroom. Overall though, very comfortable room. The bathroom is clean, the shower actually drains properly, the water heats up fast, and the bed is comfortable and not scratchy. I actually slept verywell during my stay, which is not typical! The pillows were to die for. I wish I took one home with me. . . The only complaint I had is that the walls are super thin. I constantly felt jumpy because every time someone opened or closed the door, I thought they were entering our room. Oh, and that the bathroom counter was too small. I'm a young, vain woman, and I needed my counter space. There wasn't enough space for me to lay out my makeup! I did enjoy being able to watch TV while doing it though. Nothing like watching Family Guy while doing your eyeliner.
went on vacation here with my 2 friends and mom a few months ago! LOVED IT! Great service. It is not like those other glitzy Vegas hotels, but it works. Great customer service and the studio cafe is great. . . Some place I would definitely check out again...but first, I need to visit the Bellagio :-)
I love Vegas!! =) That's all.
Casino Floor review only.. . We went to see KA here and then puttered around for a few hours after, so I have nothing to report on the rooms. But a few things did strike me enough to write up a 4-star for the ol' MGM Grand. . . This place is HUGE. Like, get lost as hell huge. Rows and rows and rows of slot machines, a crapton of table games and just people milling around EVERYWHERE. The vibe here was really energetic and fun, and it was just a Tuesday night, so nothing special was going on  (I don't think.). . BUMMED I missed the Lion Habitat. We meant to go back the next day but ended up heading to Old Vegas and then we never made it back. That's totally on my list of to-dos for next time. . . Two Words: Blackjack Switch. New favorite game EVER (see my review of Casino Royale for the full-on love affair)! They also had $5 minimum video blackjack, (real blackjack with a virtual dealer, not the video poker kind) which was kind of strange, but for $5 a pop, a good way to kill some time if you're tired of slots. . . It seemed like the entertainment here we pretty great. We saw KA (separate review) and then they have the Lion Habitat, David Copperfield (although I think that's a limited engagement), and a ton of yummy-looking restaurants. I think there were some other exhibits as well.. . Great way to kill a couple hours without spending a ton of money on huge table limits.
I'd go back. The room was nice, the location awesome, and for the price it hit the spot. I shared a room with 3 other people, and it didn't feel insanely cramped as it easily could have.. However, two major problems:. 1. The toilet kept clogging (maybe 4 people in one room was too much?). 2. Every day at least twice the maids would knock and want to get in, despite the "Do Not Disturb" sign being out. What the hell?
While not the most upscale hotel I've stayed in, MGM still managed to nail all the important things I look for. . . First, they have lions. Only joking, but they do make for some amusing late night companions while stumbling back into the hotel. . . As for the key components, the rooms were clean (and housekeeping did a great job every day), spacious and comfortable. Bathrooms were huge - enough for the three girls in my room to all do makeup/hair/girl talk at once. We did wish there was another full length mirror outside of the bathroom. Also, the shower head was super low. It boggles the mind when I see this in hotels, and when you're a tall drink of water like myself, you notice it more often than not. I'll never stop complaining about it. . . What the shower lacked, the bed made up for big time. I must have said it at least ten times throughout my three night stay: I loved the bed. It was like sleeping on a cushy cloud, only with down pillows and blankets everywhere. I don't think I've ever slept in a more comfortable bed. And I slept like a dream every single night, despite my nagging cold. . . One of the best parts about MGM Grand is the pool area. There are three huge pools to choose from (including a lazy river), towel service and other necessary amenities. A bar and quick order walk-up restaurant are conveniently located and there was rarely a long line. The cocktail menu even features four "skinny cocktails" under 100 calories each. I became addicted to the Drunken Palmer as I happily tanned myself on a chaise. . . I didn't know what to expect going into our stay at MGM, especially with all the newer, posher hotels on the strip. But it turned out to be an affordable, comfy headquarters for our bachelorette party of seven. And the location was perfect. I'd absolutely stay there again.
The casino area is nice and the lion exhibit is great, with the bonus of being completely free. I don't know if the statistics will back this up but our experience is that the slots here are some of the loosest on the strip. . . The parking garage is easy to get into and out of and this is a great place to park if you want to spend some time on the lower half of the strip. There are pedestrian bridges from the casino to cross both Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. . . The shopping area in the hotel has a good selection of stores spanning all price ranges.
I have stayed at MGM 3 times now. This past trip we took the kids. The Lazy River is always a favorite for the whole family! My young children couldn't get enough of the Rainforest Cafe. The restaurants are good, love the atmosphere and the rooms are clean and comfortable. We'll stay there again...
One of the older hotels on the strip but damn, when you're looking at that golden lion out on the strip when you're definitely on one, it's really trippy hahaha. . Other than that, my girls and I came here for infamous Wet Republic :)
I belong to an organization that holds one of their two annual conferences at the MGM Grand every fall.  I generally try to save a few bucks and stay off site but, thought I'd give the MGM a try this year. I wasn't disappointed.  . . With over 5,000 room, this place is enormous!  It is spotlessly clean and the rooms are good sized and very nicely decorated.  Each and every staff member I encountered was friendly and helpful. The service is top notch. . . There aren't many hotels with offerings so numerous that it's practically an entire vacation under one roof. With such a wide variety of things to do and see at the MGM Grand, don't be the least bit surprised if it takes more than one visit to experience it all. I know there are parts of the hotel I missed.  While large, the hotel is pretty well organized and easy to find your way around.. . The pool area is pretty amazing. The lobby bar is a great spot to people watch, especially later at night.  Drinks aren't cheap but, nothing is in Vegas . . The choice of restaurants is varied.  From high end (think $200 or so for one) to McDonald's at the food court.  . . Self and valet parking is free. Be sure to take advantage of the airport check in and beat the line at the hotel. They will also check your bags for you upon departure for a nominal fee. . . The only negative comment I have is that the wireless Internet service (which you pay for in your resort fee) is as bad as I've experienced at any hotel.  When traveling for business, this is important to me and the MGM fails badly here.. . Rates vary dramatically depending on the day of the week, time of the year or current promotion so, it pays to shop around.  I've stayed at a number of hotels in Vegas and would place the MGM near the top of my list on a price vs. value scale.
The MGM Grand is a beautiful Hotel & Casino. I've stayed here a couple times and gambled here a handful of times. I've always been pleased with the experience. The Las Vegas Strip is inundated with first-class hotels and casinos, but this one still remains a favorite of mine.. . The only thing that holds me back from giving them a full 5-star rating is the room rates. They're significantly higher than many of the other hotels nearby. Given, MGM does seem to be just a little bit nicer in decor, I don't think it justifies such a dramatic hike in room rate.. . That aside, I have can't find anything to complain about. They have just about every game or slot you can imagine, the buffet is good, their "Centrifuge Bar" is a lot of fun, and the service is very good. Don't forget to check out the Lion Habitat as well.. . The basic rooms are adequate in size. Not huge, but spacious enough. Plumbing issues (slow drains or weak water preassure) and sometimes being able to hear your next door neighbors "getting it on" might be the only issues I've come across. But I find this to be the case with all hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. So I accept this to be the "norm". Personally, I spend very little time sleeping while I'm in Vegas so the rooms don't bear a lot of weight in my review.. . Just being in Las Vegas is awesome and I look forward to my next visit to MGM Grand (whenever I can afford it).
This was the first time that I have stayed at the Grand and I was surprised. The service was top notch from the moment we arrived. When we pulled up to the valet, he welcomed us and told us to take as long as we needed "since we are now on vacation." Most of the times these car monkeys spend longer holding their hand out for a tip then they do talking to you. . . Check in had long lines but after spending about three minutes in the line, a service agent with a handheld "ipad" device checked me in. WOW I'm in my room in less then 15 mins and ready to gamble. . . Too my surprise all the bars, including their main bar, had .25 video blackjack and the free drinks started flowing at .25 a hand. No attitude just smiles. . . Since I was with my child, I took an upgrade to a much larger room so I'm biased regarding the room quality. Our room was spacious, clean and fabulous. . . I really like Wynn and NY NY but I would definitely come back.
The MGM Grand is a monster!  So I'll try to break it down a little!. . Things I really like:. . -The rooms....if you have a chance to upgrade, go for the Hollywood Suite!  I stayed here for a week in college and it was so much fun!  Other rooms I've stayed in are also nice.. . -Studio 54...for some reason I really like this club!  I love the aerial dancers and the Go-Go dancers (male and female) have to be some of the hottest in town.  If you are only going to the club, park at Tropicana and walk across the bridge...I think it's faster than parking in the garage.. . -David Copperfield...this is a very entertaining show!  Magical, to say the least!. . -KA....amazing!  One of my top 3 favorite cirque shows in Las Vegas!. . -Fat Tuesday...just walk down from the main lobby and you'll find the Fat Tuesdays stand among a couple other shops.. . -The pool....absolutely cool!  The lazy river is fun but it's just as entertaining to lay out and enjoy your surroundings. . . -I've only seen the lions a couple times.  When you actually get to see them, it's really fun.  I'm a sucker for tourist attractions, even though I've lived here several years.. . -Not sure what the name of their cafe is but it's very good.  I've had breakfast there a couple times and have never had a bad meal. . . Things I dislike:. . -The walk from the parking garage to the main casino floor feels like an eternity!  Make sure to have your walking shoes on!  . . -I'm not a fan of Tabu.. . As you can see, the positives outweigh the negatives.  There are a ton of restaurants and other bars I didn't mention.  For the most part, if you can handle the walking and mass crowds, this is a pretty cool casino.  Largest property in Las Vegas!  It's worth experiencing!
A perfect place for 20-somethings to stay and have a good time! No this isn't the Bellagio but hey you didn't pay for the Bellagio either! . . It is located fairly centrally. A 10 minute walk to Luxor, 20 min walk to Bellagio, grab a cab/RTC bus/ Monorail for Palazzo on down. You will do a lot of walking. That being said it is connected via bridge to NYNY and I believe Tropicana (we saw a walkway but didn't actually use so I could be wrong here).. . The rooms are fine- nothing spectacular and maid service was not consistent. One day our maid would come at 4pm the next 9 am...so I didn't love that. For the price it is a value and is certainly clean. The beds were very comfortable. The place itself is absolutely huge. Overall I thought the hotel was in very nice condition with the exception of an extremely outdated entrance. Other than that the pools were beautiful and brand new and I couldn't complain at all. . . Dining options are great and span very high-end Michelin Star earning Joel Robuchon all the way down to good ol' Micky D's (and yes they have the dollar menu). We ate at Wolfgang Pucks which I thought was one of the better Italian options I had on the trip. We also ate at Shabuya which has above average sushi but is a bit pricy so be prepared to drop a bit of cash there. I liked Tom Colicchio's wichcraft for a nice lunch that isn't terribly overpriced in my opinion. They also have decent pizza that is open late night. We tried their Buffet at lunch and that was pretty decent as well.  . . Nightlife was fun, especially if you are a girl - we were able to drink for free at both Studio 54 and Tabu. Studio 54 was a MUCH older crowd the night we were there so we didn't love that one as much but free is free. . . My only real issue was with the concierge service. First let me say that attractiveness is not a requirement for me in this dept. I just need someone to KNOW what they are talking about. While she was beautiful she had no idea about the bus routes which is a pretty important thing to know for her job. Once we asked her to look around for a brochure she happily opened it for us and pointed at a few things. . . Overall I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel for my age group (20s)  and would happily stay again!
Stayed 3 nights and had a blast! Hotel is huge and has everything you could ever want. MGM Garden Arena is a great place to see a concert and enjoyed Journey, Foreigner and Night Ranger. West wing hallways are a little dark, but the rooms were great and clean. Look forward to coming back soon!
Stayed at many hotels in Vegas and will list pros and cons here. Most of my stays have been for conferences where I stayed at the venue, but some stays are for pleasure and weekends with friends.. . Pros:. You can check in at the airport! This is a HUGE pro on a busy day. Bypass the front desk and go right to your room upon arrival. They will call your cell when it is ready if you are too early.. Location is close to everything.. Great pools and lazy river. It's loud on the weekends though. . Lots of dining options. . Studio 54 is pretty cool, good crowd, great music.. My impression of the staff is good, they seem to be very friendly and accommodating.. It's not the Ritz-Carlton. Knowing that, you will enjoy this place, even more after the remodel. . Free wifi (but you pay for it in the resort fee). So that's really a con.. . Cons:. The resort fee. It's $22 but includes wifi. Shouldn't have to pay that. . Don't underestimate how much $8 beer and $15 cocktails can add up!. Go to Walgreens or ABC Stores down the street to stock up.. Rooms are needing a refresh, especially the grand tower rooms. The remodel process has apparently started in Fall '11.. Long walks everywhere. Ask for a room by the elevator. Plan 15-20 min from your room to the conference center.. Cab lines can be long in the evenings, especially during an event.
We had a wonderful stay at MGM Grand. The hotel is a little big and you can get lost easy, but all the hotels are big.  The bed was so comfortable it made the hotel great... The showers do get backed up, but not a huge deal... Overall he had a wonderful stay. I loved that you can check into your hotel at the airport.... Definitely would stay here again
It is grand.  Best part is all the things that the teens can do.  Lots of pools, arcade and then they can run across to NY, NY and do the roller coaster.
Average priced but if you book wayyy in advance for the pre-season Kings game like I do, its a great hotel.  Nothing beats rolling out of your prepartying minutes before and going straight into the game or meeting up with friends.. . Regular room: Great for 2 beds, bathroom has a lock and its spacious enough that 2-3 ppl can throw their stuff around and not step on each other's toes.  No fridge one time & the other time had a weighted fridge that charges you if you move anything more than 2 secs.  :(. . Regular Suite:  King bed w/ lots of room around to move.  Gigantic tub that you can swim in and a spacious bathroom to boot.  The living room is great for having a group of ppl over to preparty but the couches aren't comfy enough to crash on.  Comes with a mini fridge that is empty and you can put drinks in.  Yeah!. . West Wing Reg room: Nice layout, very modern and chic.  Fits a king bed but its not as spacious as their regular rooms.  There is no bathroom lock...just frosted glass on the shower / toilet.  Great for couples or single folks, not so much if you don't know the ones you're sharing the room with.  No fridge.. . If anything goes amuck, be sure to square your customer service issues IN PERSON.  I emailed and they said they would help me out on a room but never got back to me.  When you're part of a company that owns more than half the casinos on the strip, dealing with 1 irrate customer is not a big deal.  Do it in person...and you'll get it taken care of.
Heard some pretty awful stuff about this hotel before booking, but I can't say enough about how awesome it actually was!  We received a King room on the 12th floor of the West Wing, which is the newer side of the hotel.  We had an updated bathroom, flat screen television and a great view of the strip.  The hotel is perfectly located so you can visit the south and north end of the strip pretty quickly.  There's a monorail stop located in the hotel so you can get around if you're dressed up and don't want to walk in heels / drive.  :)  Aside from the typical slots, there are great food and entertainment options including one Cirque Du Soleil show, Ka, located in the building, so you don't have to travel far to have a great time.  Finally, the service we received was excellent, the staff always friendly and there was complimentary extended check-out, free boarding pass print out kiosks and baggage holding if you have a later flight and want to explore the city more before you leave.  All in all, a great experience for the price and the location.  Definitely will consider staying here again for future visits.
My husband and I stayed at MGM grand for our honeymoon. Living in Cape Cod and getting married in Boston, we needed a fun, big change for our honeymoon and this was the spot!! :). . MGM grand is beautiful and massive. Their restaurants, casino, LIONS, and entertainment (KA!!! and David Copperfield) are extensive to the point where you wouldn't have to leave your hotel.. . The four stars are due to location. It is a great hotel, but a BIT far from mid-strip (such as Bellagio etc). . . The hotel rooms were clean and when we asked for an upgrade, they helped us in finding a room that suited our needs! It was a wonderful honeymoon and everyone was very helpful. Prices were great there and made our honeymoon both fun and affordable (for Vegas!). . The pool was massive! Beautiful, and grand. Their jacuzzi hot tubs are nice and warm as well! Their spa is $25/day if you want to lounge around plus extra if you would like a massage. I decided to get the Travelers massage, which was shorter than most,but a wonderful choice for myself! My husband just took the day pass and had a blast in the jacuzzi and spa.. . We dined at Diego, which I will write a separate review for...(but it is 5 stars!) and shopped at Paradiso. Pricey, but fun things for Vegas.. . Our gambling was probably less than $100 total, as we are NOT gamblers, but the establishment was fun and would be great for someone who is a gambler. . . Definitely recommend this hotel!
Stayed here for a get-away weekend.. . The check-in experience was very good.. We checked in at the airport which was very nice.. No lines!. . Booked a Bungalow King suite for $110/night.. Nice over sized room but with a view of the 4th floor roof top.. . Slots were very plentiful, clean and relatively good drinks were served.. . We had drinks at Rouge, dinner at Emeril's, massages at the Spa and saw KA in the Cirque Theater... All experiences we very good.. . Everything was well done.  The entire facility was busy but there were never long lines.. 4 Stars!
Best beds I've ever slept in on the Vegas strip!. . The hotel is older, the clubs are not as happening, the atmosphere is dark, and the layout is a little confusing, but I would say this is a solid three star hotel. The beds just made it a little bit better even though the rooms are a little boring. . . The location is pretty much at the end of the strip so that might be a negative for people who walk everywhere. It is probably the best hotel at that end next to Mandalay. After those hotels, you start seeing open land and old casinos.
Two words folks. . . Breakfast. Buffet. . . Amazing array of fantastic food ranging from fresh 3 egg omelets to sushi and fruit, low prices and great service. . . The Lion Cub experience is a cute experience and the hotel normally attracts some pretty high profile musicians and entertainers. . . Casino is pretty standard and the same can be said of the rooms. Very Nice but pretty standard when compared to The Venetian and The Bellagio.
Very comfy beds, cool photos on walls, great art deco carpet, Nathan's hotdogs, lion cubs friendly staff. Worst thing is drink prices in food court and cost in toiletries shop.
I've been here for KA and NobHill Tavern... I haven't stayed here it I came here to eat and watch a how. It was a good experience. Easy to park but that parking structure... You can get lost easily!
It was my first time in Vegas and the MGM was great! The location is perfect and everything was clean and comfy. The service was great. We had some problems with our reservation and the onlinecompany where we booked the hotel but the front desk lady was awesome and handled it all!
I really liked staying here this past weekend.  There was the big fight with Pacquia and Marques and you would think it would be crazy and out of control, but it was actually not bad.  After the fight, people left quickly and in control.  I didn't see any fights, which I expected.  A lot of celebrities were walking through and nothing got out of hand.  . . The rooms were clean and had the softest beds ever.  I swear, it was like sleeping on a cloud.  The only weird thing was that we were on the 13th floor and usually, there isn't one in a hotel.  Unlucky 13 turned out to be our lucky number.  Won on the tables, won on machines, saw celebrities, had a great time.. . The tables in the day are around $10 and slowly move up as the day goes on.  Around 2pm, it goes to around $15-25 and around 5pm most table minimums are at least $25.  This is good and bad depending on how much money you want to gamble with.  As I say, bet more win more.  I would stay here again because everything went really smooth and it is close to all of the other hotels on the strip.
Those lions are wayyyyyyyy cute and I have to say those guys who baby(lion?)sit those beautiful animals are really brave. They played with those lions like they are just big innocent and non dangerous cats.. . MGM's casino is hugeeeeeeeeeeee and we got lost when we tried to get out of it. I love the Greyhound simulation betting game. $5 will last you a while and sometimes I even won few dollars. The cocktail waitress was super nice and we got delicious Shirley Temples. . . One thing that kinda a bummer about this place, you can't get out from the casino unless you are circling this place all over again. I think on my next trip, I'm going to try one of the restaurants here. This is the home of the celebrities chefs. I'm not a big fan of celebrities chefs, but I think it will be fun to do just for the experience. Till next time, MGM.
These rooms are clean and dead on the strip.  There is plenty to do and a good number of restraunts to choose from.  We ate at the Rain Forest cafe and  L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon.  Plenty of tables and slot machines and Studio 54 and the west wing Bar were fun and entertaining.  I think it is cute to have the Lion display and I love how this was the last stop on the monorail.  The structure is easy to navigate thru as well.
This was my favorite casino of the 20 plus we visited on this trip.  The layout was big and not smokey, which for me is a big bonus, as I am allergic.  They have all the games all the slots you want to play, including my new favorite Ghostbusters.  Play it, it sooo fun.  If I were required to stay in this building alone, I would be okay with it, if they let me eat for free at any of the restaurants.  This is the home to Joel Robuchons two restaurants. Joel Robuchon and L'atelier.  Having already picked my fancy meal for the trip at Sage (Aria) I didn't get a chance to eat at either of these restaurants.  My wife said that if I went up $300, that day with gambling we would go the next day, however I didn't hit that total.  Darn penny slots ;-)  This place also houses some pretty good dance clubs, Tabu,  and other restaurants that like I said, if I were stuck staying at one place for say a month, this might be the place I would have no problem hanging out.
A friend of mine and I stayed here for 2 nights Nov 2011. My experience at this hotel was overall a really good one. When we arrived there was barely a line for check in. I like that this hotel has a single line for each check in agent at the counter. It's not one single line that wraps around the lobby, its multiple lines. Upon checking in the check in agent was very kind and helpful. She answered all our questions and explained all the information we needed to know for checking in. The whole check in process at the counter was under 7 minutes. Which is pretty decent compared to other Hotels in Las Vegas that I have stayed at.. . Our room was on the 16th floor and faced the New York/Excalibur and Tropicana hotel and street. The view was of just the south strip and also of the casino roof of the MGM. The room was clean. The bathroom was clean. The only issue I have with the room was one of the electrical plugs did not work, which I didn't know until after having my phone plugged into it for an hour and then realizing it wasn't charging.  My friend's only gripe was there was no coffee maker in the room. But other than that the room was nice. It was just a regular room so therefore it wasn't spectacular but it was nice for a Vegas room.  . . The breakfast buffet was DELICIOUS!! My friend and I are both early birds so we were up early to catch the buffet. It is definitely worth going to.  The Zuri Bar is really nice. It kind of reminds me of a carousel the way it looks from the casino. The only problem about that bar is that the music inside the bar seating area is house music and strange ( at least when we were there, that was the type of music they were playing). . . Our check out process was simple and quick. We were out of there within 10 mins. It was extremely crowded that day being that there was a Pacquiao fight there that night but we checked out quick. . . Above all I would recommend this hotel to others, its clean, up to date, friendly staff, close to NYNY, Monte Carlo, and bunch of shopping. It's also less than 10 min ride to and from the airport.
We caught the train, road all the way from the Hilton on the monorail, we walked off the rail and down a long path to enter into the MGM near some shops and restaurants.  This early, no is up and the places are still closed, but we are able to look at what's here without feeling crowded.  . . We like walking the entire casino floor, checking out the restaurants, the menu's and the what shows are available.  This is a big property, seems clean and well kept.
This hotel is starting to geton the old side, but the prices are coming down because of it.  It is still my go-to Vegas casino because it has such a great poker room, a solid location, and a great fast deli to get corned beef.  The comfort of the room is probably upper-mid quality of Vegas, as the only important aspects to me are a really comfortable bed and nice bathroom, because you shouldn't be in the room anyway!
MGM Grand was really nice, I love the lion touches. I've stayed with family a few times, and I've came in with friends- so I was able to get both sides of Vegas! They definitely have the fun family vibe going on, but still keep it swanky with the nightlife and party themes. Although it is at the far end of the strip.. I still fond it really nice and close to other hotels. . . On my last trip back in 11/2010, we arrived extra early to take advantage of the day. They are not flexible with check-in, we arrived at 11AM, check in is stern at 3PM. Although it was still easy to leave our bags with the bell desk; we were even given 20 comp drink tickets for the inconvenience. Clean and nice hotel..they have live lions from a local refuge.. they just sleep all day. . . Within the hotel there is shopping, television show/movie viewings (you can make a quick $100), and the Sony experience to test out 3D televisions and video games.. . Studio 54, was packed.... with older people. Even though they played decent music- we took advantage to the comp admission for about an hour until we hit the next venue.. . Playing at their tables, I like the roulette and black jack the best. The dealers were nice. I prefer gambling at Paris hotel instead.. . All in all, it was a nice hotel. Very clean, and stands up to their ratings, reviews, etc. One of the older hotels, but very reasonable pricing. I recommend to those on a budget in Vegas.
A great Casino to watch KA, crazy horse paris, and David Copperfield. I used to or the show tickets online before  my trip. Actually, I found good discount tickets sale on the box offices on Las Vegas Blvd. The prices are acceptable and cheaper than the one on ticketmaster.com. . Tips: book the tickets once you arrive in Las Vegas. the good shows are gone quick. Also to get the good deal, each ticket is conbined with a food voucher. Do not go to the buffet. low quality good and one hour waiting line.
Attended UFC 141 event here at the MGM Grand. . So this review will be primarily the experience in the event center. . . It looks smaller than what you see on TV when Manny Pacquiao is getting ready for his fight.  :). . We had lower level seats which was pretty awesome already.  In general, I think just being at this event was pretty rad.  Their lighting system was spectacular when the fights were announced.  Food was available is you were hungry.  Air circulation was great...especially being in a crowded arena. . . The only wish:  wish we got to see the lions that lived in there.  :(  I had a stupid allergy attack and left in a hurry.  Boo for allergies.
My goodness it gets crowded. VERY CROWDED. I haven't stayed in a suite yet, just visited the hotel. I think it's a cool hotel......Loved the turkey wrap I had at the Rainforest Cafe....and I love the lions!
I love the lazy pool here, its so much fun, friendly staff and front desk. I just wish I could hit one of their jackpots.
My goal is to hit up Joel Robuchon next time we visit, but THIS time, we tried Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak.  It was quite good (see separate review).  We didn't stay at the hotel this time, nor did we utilize any of their other services, but we enjoyed our meal, so that's worth it alone.  This hotel always amazes me how large it is....... you can see so much, yet see so very little.
Ok.  You have to know what you're getting into when you stay here.  This is a mid range hotel.  It's at the far end of the strip but it does have a monorail stop so you can pretty easily get around if you need to.  The casino is huge and you're probably going to get lost in it the first few times you visit.  The crowd here is mixed but during summer when we stayed here it was a lot of college age kids.  It's a fun place to stay.  But it's loud.  All the time.  . . We stayed in one of the suites and we had a huge room (comparable to some of The Venetian suites) and a huge bathroom.  The room had a king bed and huge windows with views of McCarren airport and the desert.  The living room area was nice enough but the only weird thing is that there was one tube tv that simply swiveled around so you could have it face the bedroom area or the living room area.  That's kind of ridiculous in this day and age and for the price you'll pay for a suite.  . . The bathroom was large with lots of mirrors, a stand alone shower, and a jacuzzi tub.  We didn't have any noise complaints but our room was at the far end of the hallway away from the elevators so that could be why.  . . We stayed here in July of 2010 and the pool area was so much fun.  Lots of different pools, and a lazy river.  They want you to pay to rent inner tubes or buy them but if you go down to the pool in the afternoon you can always snatch one that drunk people have left behind.  The lazy river is fun but gets kinda gross as the day goes on and starts getting littered with Bud Light lime cans.  It's kinda like being at a big frat party which is fine because you're in Vegas.  Good music, good drinks, good times.
This is not the worst or the best Vegas has to offer.  The challenge that the MGM has is how large it is and trying to find where you want to go.  Honestly the signs are good, but sometimes one can find yourself in a location and then have no signs as to where to go next.  If you stay at the hotel and are at one end, you can't see the other end because the hallway is SO long!  A friend of mine once said you couldn't see the other end because of the curvature of the Earth :-)
Great hotel right on the strip. Stayed in the west wing and rooms were amazing, very modern and comfortable. If your planning a trip see if you can find a deal online, was able to find a pretty good price on expedia. There were a decent amount of food and night life options like studio 54, and it is one of the monorail stops which is super convenient. . . Overall, def a nice place to stay, not sure what the other rooms are like but would highly recommend the rooms in the west wing.
Clean hotel and I looooove their slot machines!!!! Won everytime :-)
I like it here. Are there nicer and newer places on the strip, YES. But this place has everything and does it well. Great restaurants, good access to other hotels, and a very good casino. This is my go to place and I have never met anyone that hates it.....
Totally cool because we ran to Muhammed Ali, Evander Hollyfield and Leon Spinks for Ali's 70tj birthday.
Was pleasantly surprised by MGM grand.  Went there on a whim because it was cheaper on travelocity than other hotels in the area.  While gambling, the cocktail servers were on it and always offered drinks (stayed at bellagio last 2 times and was NEVER offered a drink while gambling) we had the newly remodeled rooms which were nice.  Buffet was better than bellagios in my opinion and the hotel is located centrally... will be back for sure :)
The room itself is decent and a little out dated. Come on , we had tube tvs lol. . However the casino and atmosphere is out of this world!!! Just tons of ppl getting fucked up and just walking around, the city seriously never sleeps! Make sure to bring a lot of cash because everything is expensive!!!!!!! but I loved the experience and will def be going back!
The rooms were a bit dated but they had great views of the strip and the buffet was awesome. huge poker room and great location near everything on the strip. lazy river swimming pool is the best on the strip.
I came here for my bachelor party last weekend (and I still hurt). I stayed in a suite on the 10th floor for three nights. There are a lot of great things about the hotel/casino and a few things that could use improvements. My group had two other rooms booked as well, a deluxe room on the 10th floor and another on the 21st.. . We were promptly whisked away from the airport by their limo service which was fantastic. The valet/taxi/driver service is impeccable at the hotel. The front desk staff were hit or miss depending on the time of day/level of hotel activity. Some were outstanding some were just okay. . . The rooms were very clean, the 21st floor is a little less modern than the 10th. No iPhone dock/ stereoin the rooms was frustrating and their TVs had no premium channels making downtime and pre-gaming in the rooms less than thrilling. The decor of the suite was kinda all over the place. Beds were great, although I spent very little time sleeping in mine. Room service options were also less than desirable. . . Their pool area was huge, although the water was a little cold for swimming. We spent some time in the sun and hot tubs. A lovely server brought us buckets of beer. Check-out was easy with no surprises on the bill and the limo service back to the airport was on par with the pickup. . . The hotel is on my preferred side of the strip. Hooters (is a dump) but has cheap fare. New York New York is right across the way, Excalibur and Luxor aren't too far. You really can't go wrong with the MGM. I remember when it first opened and the improvements they have made over the years have always been in the right direction. . . I had an amazing bachelor party and I have the MGM Grand to thank.
Cool place.  Even though I didn't stay here in Vegas I went here a lot.  Emeril's New Orleans Fish House, Cirque de Soleil Ka, Joel Robuchon, and Craftsteak are all here.  For the record though, inside is the MOST expensive Starbucks ever.  My venti White Chocolate Mocha was $6.50.
I stayed at the MGM for three days to attend a conference, so I wasn't able to experience all the resort had to offer, but I feel I got a good taste of things.  The room I stayed in was a standard King bed room, I believe the call it a "Grand King".  It was nice, had a desk, chairs, and bed.  The bathroom was nice, clean and spacious.  . . I had a couple of hours to hit the pool, but since it was still March the big lazy river wasn't open yet, but the main pool areas were nice.. . As far as dining, I actuallyonly stopped at the Starbucks when heading from my room to the conference center, but it appeared there were a lot of options with different menu types.. . Entertainment wise I saw David Copperfield which was a great show.  The theater offers tabled seating, not full meals, but drinks and snacks which was nice.. . Over all I enjoyed staying at the MGM and would probably stay there again if the need arised, but there are so many options in Las Vegas it's nice to hop around.
Recently remodeled. Very nice rooms! They have a great buffet with a wide variety of foods and desserts. There are 2 Starbucks located in this hotel. The workout facility is very nice. They provide water and snacks. All other spa services cost additional fees. We visited in the winter. I would definetly visit in the summer to spend some time at the pool.. Studio 54 is also located in this hotel. They had great music. You can get in free if you get on the VIP list.
I like MGM and they take good care of us. We do a little gambling here... sometimes we win, most times we don't, but they have a pretty good comp system and we tend to end up with some really nice rooms for not a lot of cash. Our favorite spot is the West Wing Bar as its kind of hidden in the front of the casino and there are plenty of comfortable spots to lounge around and have a drink. . . Oh, the lions are awesome! I would love to go in and play with one, but I don't want to get eaten... our house cat is rough enough and he's only 11 pounds... imagine a 800 pound lion?
Upgrade!. . First time staying at the MGM, and we get upgraded to one of the newer rooms. Score! I was impressed. Nicely decorated, decent size and automated blinds. I'm a sucker for automated anything, and the blackout blinds were a huge plus.. . The bathroom was a great size and there were also plenty of outlets for all of our gadgets. The overall grounds are not my favorite, but there are plenty of amenities and restaurants to keep all types of people entertained. We noticed that many areas of the property were being updated, so I'm sure it will be even nicer in the near future. It is definitely one of the older hotels on the Strip, but still a classic. The monorail stop was a nice plus as well. . . It wouldn't be my first choice for hotel in Vegas, but the room was comfortable and the shows and food at this property are great. Looking forward to seeing it again in the future after the renovations.
First time staying here and it won't be my last. . . There are several things you can complain about at the MGM. The cost of food, it's too big, they charge for everything, there's a pool charge, they're too many people and the list could go on and on, but I ask you to name one other casino on the Vegas strip that doesn't come with all those same exact complaints.. . I enjoyed my newly remodeled room. It provided the right amount of space and was more comfortable than it needed to be. I enjoyed the some of the restaurants. Sure I only went there during happy because I'm not foolish enough to over spend on over priced food. I enjoyed the shopping amenities as well. Only shopping for things that I normally wouldn't be able to get back home. I enjoyed the pool, the jacuzzi, and working on my tan. All 3 things were free. . . I had an exceptional time at the MGM. My only advise would be to use your logic and to never go when there is an event being held at the casino.
I love the MGM Grand. I have always been a fan but I recently had an experience that put it over the top! . . I had made reservations online and secured the reservation with a credit card because I knew I would be arriving late. It turned out that I arrived even later than normal due to my flight in San Francisco being delayed. Anyways, I finally got to the MGM and must have looked exhausted. The front desk clerk asked about my flight and I told him I had been delayed and hadn't eaten because I was saving my appitite for my favorite LV restaurant. The clerk excused himeself to the back and came back and offered me an upgrade! THAT HAS NEVER HAPPENED TO ME BEFORE! I was so thrilled! . . The room was amazing. It was like a tiny apartment with a living room, seperate bedroom, and huge marble bathroom. So nice and the perfect spot to land after a hell'ish flight in. . . I spent the next day at the pool. The pool is really why I fell in love with the MGM. It is huge and has a current that you can ride around on all day going from water fall to water fall. They also have pool side cocktail service and allow drinks in the pool! . . This most recent time we happened to see a conecert there also. . . The MGM is really a one-stop-shop. Every visit I make to the MGM I swear I'll never leave!
Well, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the MGM as a part of the Yelp Elite Spring Break in Vegas.  Check-in was pleasant and my wait was minimal.  Granted I was checking in around 1030 at night, but there were still a good amount of people there checking in.. . My room was one of the newly renovated ones, so I was able to see what had been done.  The decor has definitely been updated and the it looks really nice.  The beds were fine, and the wall controlled window shades were great.  I have two nits about the room.  First, there is a AV plug in station for all your gadgets, which is great.  But I kind of wish it were connected to the TV.  That way I could listen to my iPod/iPhone through the TV speakers.  But, they did have a radio clock that had an adapter to play your iPod on.  Just not great quality of speakers.. . The second nit is the counter space in the bathroom.  There was barely any.  But... I also had a wheelchair accessible room, so I am not sure if that is part of the reason due to the extra safety bars on the walls in the bathroom.  So, this may be just the way this particular room is laid out.  But I am girl and travel with an excessive amount of crap and need the room to lay it all out.. . The cardio room that comes with the resort fee was not bad.  (FYI... pretty much every hotel in Vegas comes with a resort fee now and it says it everywhere when purchasing online, so I am not sure how people miss this).  It had an adequate amount of ellipticals, treadmills, and bikes, all of which were equipped with TV's.  Not to mention  it was staffed and they were cleaning the equipment in between uses.  In addition, there were snacks and drinks available for purchase.  Not sure if they have one for every set of floors that are divided by elevator banks, but I was able to get right on a machine.. . I also paid the $25 to use the Grand Spa facilities and the fitness center one day.  I will review that separately.  . . The pool complex is fine.  The one problem I had is I came in the afternoon, and at that point there were towels everywhere.  So you aren't sure if a chair is taken or not.  And more than likely it wasn't .  So I wish they had someone being more vigilant about picking up towels when people leave.  But overall, it was good. . . Overall, all the staff I encountered were very friendly.  And my stay was very enjoyable.  If the price were right, I would come back again recommend the new rooms to my friends.
It had been over a decade since I last stayed at the MGM.  Came here during Yelps Spring break and was hoping to get into one of the newly renovated rooms but I ended up in the regular ones.  It was the same weekend as the Billboard Music award.  Too bad I didn't see any celebs.. . We got the first room right off the elevator.  I was thinking it was going to be noisy with all the peeps coming and going and the up and down of the elevator but it was actually pretty quite.  The 2 queens size beds were comfortable and the room spacious enough for 2 people.  Big bathroom with plenty of counter space for all the hair and makeup stuff.  . . On the evening of the 2nd day we were surprised with a special delivery of champagne and sweets.  We almost made the guy leave stating to him that we didn't order anything LOL.  Well he got ournames right and it was a little something from the hotel to welcome us.  . . Im not very picky when it comes to hotel accommodations.  As I don't tend to spend much time in the hotel room.  As long as it had a comfortable bed, a TV, nice size shower with good water pressure Im happy.  That said the one thing I was disappointed about was the WiFi.  It was struggling a bit.. . Local ~ On the Strip. Room ~ 2 Queen beds and on the 18th floor.. Stay ~ Clean and comfortable.. Extras ~ WiFi struggled a bit.
First time staying here and got some awesome rates for the Yelp Spring Break Weekend!! . We got HOOKED up with 2 bottles of champagne and an upgraded room. . Enjoyed the eateries in the hotel and the pool area is HUGE with Wet Republic as well as 5 other areas to tan, drink, and relax.. Service we received was very good, I would definitely come back.
We had an awesome rate because MGM was a Yelp Spring Break partner.  From the moment we pulled up to the moment we pulled away, we were treated like VIPs the entire time.  First off, updated rooms.  LOVE!  Flat screen TV, lovely decor, comfortable beds, and most importantly QUIET.  For whatever reason, the MGM rooms were quieter than those I've stayed in at the Bellagio.  . . Secondly, we were treated to complimentary Veuve Clicquot champagne and sweets.  Yes, please!  Thirdly, every time we contacted the concierge, bell or front desks, we were treated with respect and the utmost hospitality.  Any questions or problems we had were addressed immediately.  We were even able to procure some photos for the Yelp Goose Chase Scavenger Hunt just by asking.  We had a few days to relax and even venture to the pool which was excellent.  I was sad that I didn't get to go to Wet Republic though.  I did hear from someone that the admission is waived for hotel guests but I don't know if that's true or not since it's normally $25.  Thanks so much to the staff at the MGM Grand for treating us so well.  I'll be sure to stay there again next time I'm looking for a hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.
This was my first time staying at the MGM Grand, and I'm so glad they were a Yelp partner for the Yelp Spring Break because we got to stay for an amazingrate! Plus, the tower we were in had rooms that had been remodeled relatively recently and were super comfortable to stay in. The beds were fantastic, there was no smoke bleed from smoking rooms (a HUGE plus), climate control was super easy, great water pressure, and the water got hot very quickly. Additionally, when I had an issue with the iron in the room, they were incredibly helpful and prompt in resolving the issue. They truly have the excellent customer service thing DOWN.. Oh ....look at that. I've managed to age 20 years just by writing out my hotel room checklist.. . On more fun extras, we were treated to complimentary goodies as a result of being there with Yelp. Thank you so much to the MGM Grand - it's a new option that I hadn't considered before, but I'd love to stay here again!
I stayed at the MGM Grand 2 years ago and had a wonderful time! I also went back to visit recently and it was just as great as I remembered. I normally could not afford to stay here but I got a phenomenal deal on LasVegas.com. First of all, the MGM Grand is a phenomenal location - on the Monorail as well as walking distance from some of the best attractions. The rooms are small but so chic that my boyfriend and I didn't care. They also have some phenomenal restaurants like Collicio's Craftsteak, as well as shows like the artsy burlesque show Crazy Horse Paris and for magic-lovers, David Copperfield. Part of their kitch is that they have descendants of the original MGM lion in their lion den. I was a bit horrified at first thinking of the lions being trapped in the hotel but I found out that they alternate regularly and are kept in an outdoor area for mot of their time. I would stay here again in a heartbeat as long as I could afford it.
We had some issues checking in with our huge group of 14 people but, once it was sorted out, we got an upgrade to a larger suite. We did have to move rooms a couple times but, I'll attribute that to my travel companions accents and the sheer size of our group.. . When we got settled into our gigantic new suite, the beds were amazingly comfortable and the TVs have plenty of input options. Relaxing in the room between Vegas adventures was a delight. You can completely black out the room with the automatic blinds on the windows which makes sleeping in after a long night easy.. . The outdoor Pools are pretty awesome as well. There's a tube run that takes you around a large area through waterfalls and misters.. . Also, if you're looking for a Fat Tuesday, there's an escalator in the corner of the main lobby that will take you right down to one. Don't go looking in the shopping/food court area and settle for that other margarita shop.
Pros:. - Lots of food choices downstairs. - Excellent pool/lazy river with lots of seating (came MDW 2012 and did not show up at the pool super early, but was still able to snag chairs for our group of 13). - Wet Republic!  Huge party, lots of fun. - Decent location on the strip...  kind of on the end, but short/cheap cab ride to many places. . Cons:. - Annoying $67 resort fee charged for the weekend (3 nights) that did not appear anywhere on Expedia. - Huge...  too huge - it's a long walk from one end to the other, and getting from the elevator to the rooms on the ends can be quite a hike. - The rooms that have not been redone are a bit dated (old school TVs). - No mirrors except in the bathroom (not great if you have 4 girls trying to get ready at the same time). - No refrigerators in the rooms. . Overall, not a bad experience.
I've stayed at the MGM Grand 3 times in recent memory. Once in their regular grand room, once in their celebrity spa suite, and most recently a mix between their executive suite & their newly renovated grand rooms. Every experience has been enjoyable, but this most recent one I have enjoyed the most because I felt like the hotel  management went out of its way to make me felt welcome. At check-in, the manager introduced herself to me and shook my hand, and then consequently sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne, 2 Fiji water bottles, and a petit four. On another day, after my bedroom had already been made-up, I came back one evening to find a copy of my invoice summary waiting on the bedside table, and also to find that the room had been made-up again. Here are some notes about the hotel:. . -The pool complex is humongous, and there are many different pools to choose from, in addition to the lazy river.. . -The hotel contains its own monorail stop, as well as a Deuce / SDX bus-stop approximately in front of it. . -The hotel contains a Fat Tuesdays, an awesome hole-in-the-wall slushy bar which is open late and is humorously one of the highest rated businesses on Yelp in Las Vegas. . -The buffet is satisfying and contains both hot and cold crab legs, which have been split in half for you (no need to peel, fortunately!). On a busy weekend, I went on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm and there was nearly no line to get in. I was glad this buffet did not play any shenanigans with its line (some other buffets like Aria make you wait forever in line even when half the seating is empty). The variety, however, at this buffet is somewhat lacking.. . -The in-room climate was very dry. No matter if the A/C was on, or if it was off and the window ventilation was left open, the air inside was excessively dry and felt somewhat uncomfortable to breathe.. . -The hotel not only charges a $25 resort fee, but also charges you several additional dollars on top of that (tax... on the resort fee). . Overall, I have a very positive, lasting impression of MGM Grand and I would come back to MGM, because there is great value here and there are so many different types of rooms to try out.
The letters... MGM.. . As grand as it sounds.
Great casino and I really liked walking around inside.. I was primarily there for the KA show (Cirque de Soleil) which was pretty awesome. . I didn't stay here, but I'm sure it's pretty nice with a pretty price :)
For the inaugural Yelp Spring Break, the girlfriend & I stayed 3 nights at the MGM Grand. I booked the room through the YSB link on the Las Vegas Elite Events page which was triply convenient: Yelp had secured a group rate, booking with the link guaranteed YEE admission & MGM was only a short walk from the 1st YSB YEE.. . In addition to all the the Yelp-y convenience, the MGM Grand was an overall nice to place to stay on the Strip for a few days. The highlights were the room & all the amenities available in & around this vast & cavernous building. The not-so-greats were the resort fee & a labyrinthine layout seemingly designed to make exits hard to find.. . Our room had smart, modern decor, flat-panel TV & was spotlessly clean. Lowering the blackout shade over the wall-to-wall window could turn the room totally pitch black in the middle of the blazing bright day, which was much appreciated since we were keeping vampires' hours. The bed was comfortable enough to induce coma.. . There were miscues to the room, however. There was no coffee maker or microwave or mini-fridge in the room. There was a refrigerated mini-bar in the room, but don't touch anything inside of it unless you want to pay for it. That also goes for just moving stuff around in there. Apparently, MGM will charge some kind of $ fine to your hotel bill if you move the contents of the mini-bar to refrigerate your own stuff.. . As far as amenities go, the sprawling MGM Grand property has: nearly 2 dozen eateries, bars & clubs, cardio room, a gigantic multi-level parking garage, a monorail station, the Grand Pool, the Grand Garden Arena & of course, the huge gaming areas of the casino. I don't gamble at all, so no comment on that last feature. The Grand Pool is cool, definitely worth checking out during any stay here.. . All of this stuff on premises contributes to the aforementioned labyrinthine layout. There are no signs anywhere with directions to any exit. Even on our 3rd day there, the girlfriend & I were finding new, unplanned & unintended ways to get from our room to outside of the building & vice versa. I guess it's not in the best interest of MGM's profits to make it easy to leave.. . Then there's the resort fee. A minor complaint, really. It's $25/ day for parking, Wi-Fi in the room & use of the cardio room + access to the Grand Pool could be considered something "resort." I got a good enough basic rate on the room that an added $25 was still a good deal for the level of the amenities. Just be aware when booking here that what you really pay is the room rate + the resort fee.. . The MGM Grand was home away from home for the girlfriend & I during Yelp Spring Break. Using the Yelp arranged group rate, it was a comfortable & convenient home away from home for not a whole lot of $. Thank you MGM Grand & Yelp for the hospitality.
I will start with a tip. It has a great parking lot. You can access it from either Koval or Tropicana; basically what I am saying is parking on the strip with out having to drive on the strip! Now to the hotel itself, the last time I stayed here the room was great, a good size and quite clean! If go during pool season, they have a wide variety of pool areas from the raucous to the serine to the family friendly. They also have plenty of restaurants of all types from the very casual to high end.
Good location. Has both expensive and low cost food. Something for everyone. Bed is comfortable. They just need new tvs!! Tube tv is so 90's. Hotel is always clean and rarely do I smell smoke in the casino. Resort fees are  a joke especially since the tubes are outrageous to rent for the lazy river. They should be included complimentary.
The service was better then the room and the room wasn't bad.  I've stayed in better rooms but to have the UFC fight right downstairs while I'm there and to get comped for that night and NYE I couldn't complain.  I even left my airport router there and was able to call and have it found and held for me on my next trip.  It was a bit of a pain in the ass process getting it back, but that will make it easier to remember next time.  I look forward to going into this resort whether I'm playing, eating, staying or seeing an event.
Great service! We had an issue at check in that was quickly resolved by a manager who gave us his card and called us up later to assure that everything was taken care of. The next day the sent us a bottle of champagne with some desserts. It was a very nice surprise.. . The room: nice clean and comfy. Temperature was alway perfect. Never touched the thermostat. Electronic black out and sheer shades were awesome!. . The casino: is  huge so be prepared for a lot of walking. Especially to the pool. I had to walk from the pool to the strip and it took me about 20min.. . The pool: has got to be the best thing about MGM. Specifically the Lazy River! Wow! What a unique experience. We just floated around the whole time stoping at different spots, meeting all sorts of people and doing a whole lot of laughing! It's such a different atmosphere than the club pools full of super drunk, high maintenance douche bags and plastic barbie dolls.. . I'm so glad we had an opportunity to stay here. Now I'm hooked on MGM. Can't wait  to come back!!
MGM Grand is just a lovely old classic.. . The first time at MGM was when my friend's mom had a room. The bathroom was large and glamorous and the room in general was cozy and home-y. Quite comical, the television was tucked away in a cupboard and had a back. My friend also had tickets to the David Copperfield show!. . Thesecond time, my boyfriend and I was just visiting MGM. Still it remains the same classic hotel and casino.
We booked this hotel in early June using a Facebook offer for upgraded room.  $85 for the first night (Sunday) and $68 for the second (Monday). While this would seem like a good deal, add in tax and the mandatory $25 per night resort fee and the "deal" disappears.  Since all of the Vegas hotels are doing this, I cannot hold this against the MGM Grand specifically.. . We stayed at the MGM Grand at a time when the hotel was undergoing a major renovation.  However, this did not really cause any inconvenience, and the hotel staff gave ample time when notifying us that some services might be affected during our stay.. . The room itself was VERY nice.  Large, comfortable bed, very clean.  Great view.  Hallways very quiet and no noise whatsoever from adjoining rooms.. . We did visit the Grand Buffet and I have to say that this particular buffet is not as nice as buffets at nearby hotels.. . We did like the new M program offers by the MGM Grand, especially as it is accepted at all of the MGM-owned hotels - and on the Vegas Strip, that's a lot.. . Overall, while we would consider different hotels during our next visit (just for variety), we would definitely stay here again.
I always seem to gravitate to MGM for food and gambling.. . Foodwise, is outstanding.. Wolfgang Puck, 2 Tom Colicchio, a Michael Mina, Emeril, and more.. . There is decently priced gambling here, especially at off hours.. Nothing below $5 really.. Craps is usually $10.. . I've stayed here a few times.... West Wing, which we really liked! I think it is being renovated right now though.... Recently stayed in a renovated King, which was really nice.. My only complaint about the bathroom, is there needs to be a second light switch for the bathroom. When you try to quietly go pee at 4am, and not wake up your friend, its hard when a blast of light comes out of the bathroom.. . I've had packages delivered to their business center, which is right beside the lobby desks, which worked flawlessly. Make sure to put your name, and reservation number, and they can deliver it to the room.. . Hooker watching is hilariously fun here.... . The monorail is also an easy way to get around, especially if you want to get around the crowds. It is air conditioned too. Definitely key.. . Wifi is worked into your resort fee. It is spotty, but works when you need to quickly look at something.
Pretty cool experience. Came here for my son's 21st birthday, and they carded him immediately. They made a big deal about about his birthday, it was a great experience. He won a lot on the machines, which made him happy.
TRES bien mais TRES (TROP) grand :p
Great hotel, especially for the Beachbody Coach Summit in 2012 and soon again in 2013.. . The rooms are great now that they are renovated and I found all of the staff to be helpful and nice.. . Every hotel is going to be huge in Vegas and this hotel was no exception, but once I found my way around, it was easy.. . I like that it was so south off the strip and close to the freeway and airport.. . I paid less for the newly renovated rooms than the signature suites and I really didn't feel that the Signature Suites were really all that much better except that they have a refrigerator that you can use.. . If they can filter their air so that the smoke isn't noticeable at all, they'd be a 5
I went for something that they don't always have there.  I went for a hair show, but they also had food, and it was around the pool.  . . It was awsome, but hot, which had nothing to do with MGM.
I loved my King suite while staying at the MGM. I have never been to Vegas and everyone I talked to said to stay there. The room was awesome and more than I expected. We had an amazing view of the strip :) We went to all the casinos and I was extremely happy to have stayed at their casino. I will be back :)
I love gambling here, I love Wet Republic (the hip pool party zone) and I love to eat here, but I haven't paid to have a room here in over 10 years.  Their prices are a bit too much.. . Everyone should definitely come here for the variety in restaurants, their gaming tables and their awesome, extremely large pool area.  If you're planning on attending Wet Republic get there early because the line to get in gets long quick.  Make sure you hit up Joe Meyer (bartender) and tell him to surprise you!!! He makes the best drinks!. . Also, MGM Grand has the best venues for boxing matches and concerts.
My family checked in on july 22 2012. My mom had a conference here so our room was Free: ) Wet republic was not that crowded and the lazy river was fun. Renting tubes was $10 for the day. Also we attented the cirque do soleil production ka. It was amazing especially the stage. Overall our rooms were clean and we enjoyed our stau.
Great hotel! Stayed there with my husband and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful considering how HUGE it is there. It's like it's own little mini village and of course coming down and seeing tigers laying around made me feel right at home!. . I will go back there again for sure this year for the holidays.  Big Rooms too.
Average hotel.My dad rented the room,I went inside but I didn't sleep there.
Oh MGM, what a long relationship this has been!. . Over the years this place has evolved just like Vegas itself. It isn't most posh, or the newest, or the coolest place in Sin City, but I have loved staying here from the time I was a broke college student to now. Always a good time and plenty of adventures, some of which have to be permanently erased from the camera ;-). . ROOMS: I have mostly stayed in the suites, and on my last visit it was a pleasant surprise, since most of them have been recently remodeled. Spacious rooms with a large bathroom, full size closet and a separate sitting area. Bathroom has double sinks, glass stand in shower and a tub with shower. Beds are fairly comfortable, and now you can plug in your iPods (just bring the auxiliary cord), phones, cameras, etc.. . POOL: You gotta love the Lazy River. Yes, sometimes it's packed with d-bags, but hey, it's Vegas, everyone is here to party, so just relax and make new friends if you want, or just have fun with your own crew. MGM also has an adults only pool, a quite area pool and of course the Wet Republic, which is awesome to rent cabanas at!. . DINNING: From Starbucks and Crepes to Craft Steak and L'Atelier MGM has 20+ eating establishments on its grounds. Sushi, gourmet Chinese, Italian, French, Tex-Mex, pretty much anything your heart and stomach desire. I love Diego's for a quick and inexpensive bite. Craft Steak is fantastic, but be prepared to drop some cash, honestly I am not sure it's worth it. Wolfgang Puck Grill has great breakfast/brunch options. Many restaurants offer a prix fixe menu, which is a good way to save $$.. . CIRQUE DU SOLEIL - KA: State of the art and technology rotating stage, acrobatics, martial arts, beautiful story line and music. Every Cirque show is so different and I love it! Do not miss this one, you will not be disappointed!. . SPA: MGM Spa facilities are pretty small in comparison to other resorts, but they still have all the services you would want and need. Every Vegas trip, my girls and I do SPA treatments on our last day, and if we spent all the $$, then you can just get a day pass for $25 and enjoy refreshments, saunas, whirlpool and a comfy lounge. A great way to unwind a relax before the flight home.. . Occasionally, I stay at other Vegas resorts, but time and time again MGM has all the right stuff to keep me coming back.
Finally got a chance to get away for a few days.  I have been staying at the MGM for over ten years and visit Vegas a few times a year. I know the layout of this hotel well and it feels familiar, so I keep coming back. . . The remodeling transformation is well underway.  The new design is sleek and modern.  I kinda miss the former homage to Hollywood design concept, but alas the MGM Grand has to keep up with the newer stylish hotels that have quickly sprang up on the strip.  As always the hospitality is great.  I spent my three days poolside at the River Pool which is a great place to hang out. It has a nice balance of single folks and families...nothing crazy or scandalous, just people having fun.  I do have to say that the only thing I did notice on this last trip was that the prices of food and beverage throughout the complex were slightly higher than a few months ago.  Although there are PLENTY of options for lodging in Vegas, its hard to break the habit of coming back when you know your experience will always be great.
Home away from home
My name is Janice and I am a Vegas junkie!. . I really like the MGM. Don't get me wrong it is no Wynn or Bellagio, but its still pretty nice.. . They recently renovated the rooms at theyare WAYYYYY better. The rooms now have a comtemporary feel to them. Im digging the new decor. However one bummer is that they did not change the tubs. They are still the awkward little low tubs. Bummer. However, it is about time they start putting money into this hotel. . . Love the restaurant selection. Love L'Atelier and Joel Robuchon. Also if you want some cheaper meals you can always go out to the District.. . All in all it is a pretty good mid range Las Vegas hotel.
Update:  We went back to MGM after their renovation.  This time we stayed in the West Wing.. . After our amazing experience the first time, my wife and I were less than impressed with the West Wing rooms.  They're pretty small and far away.  Definitely the "low rent district" rooms.  Our room had a broken lamp, stains on the carpet, and stains (maybe paint?) on the comforter and sheets.. . We'll might stay here again because the service is great.  If we do, we'll avoid the West Wing rooms.
This is my first stay at the grand, right in the middle of renovations. We had a few issues with our room, and Managment fixed this immediately. The new rooms are comfortable and spacious, the gaming lounge is clean and plenty of room to move. I did find a lot of the bar staff very rude. The pool wasn't too crowded and the spa is worth the $$. If your looking for a good meal the buffet has a decent selection of seafood and the cafe has huge pancakes for breakfast.
Great and Big Casino.  I was there 3 times in 2 days.   Shops are resable. Resturunts for everybody.  Entertainment KA theater, MGM Garden arena.
1st time at MGM Grand in town for my 3 day Bachelor Party MUAHAHAHAHAHAH!!! . . The rooms are clean and remodeled - could use a DVD player though. Our 2 queen suite had a sectional sitting area with flat screen. 2nd flat screen in front of beds.. About 700 sq ft pretty nice (not the ritz but not bad at all).. . $56 to check out @ 6pm. Room service was reasonably priced and faster service than dining in the restaurants.. . Plenty of towels (ask any housekeeping member for towels when you see them walking down the halls.). . Never had any complaints, played our beats all day and night (of course we self monitored) you best believe we got rowdy with guests in and out the room 24/7...ALL GOOD!. . Went to free pool instead of Wet Republic. Plenty of folks had the same idea, everybody was having fun! Nothing but cool peeps, positive vibe, everyone flirting and kicking it just looking for a good time.. . Great party hotel definitelyrecommend!
We just got back form 5 nights in Vegas at the MGM.  I was getting worried because of all the negative reviews on here, but as usually that was all in vain.  No worries here, we LOVED it!!!  However, we did get off to a bumpy start, but it was soon rectified.  My husband and I went to Vegas with another couple, so we had booked 2 rooms, (1 smoking, 1 non-smoking).  Upon arrival at the hotel (about  11am) we checked our bags with a bell hop, which we actually didn't have to do because we paid $20 extra for early check in, so we went right to our room.  But the bell hop was free, we just tipped him and then they brought the bags to the room in about 5 minutes.  So we didn't have to schlep them, which was kind of nice.  We got a room on the 8th floor.  Our friends got a room on the 20th floor.  I kind of thought to myself that they would probably have a better view, but I was trying to be positive.  Well, I was right!  We get to our room and open the curtain and it's a giant stucco wall!  Our friends immediately call us and tell us how freakin'  awesome his room was.  I was LIVID!  I booked this entire trip, made all the reservations and paid the same price they did for a "City View" room!!!!  I called the front desk and they told me to call back around 3.  I wasn't happy, but we got changed and went down to the pool. . The pool complex at the MGM is amazing.  They have about 5 pools, including a lazy river.  Music is playing, tons of chairs and plenty of bars!  But drinks are EXPENSIVE!  We paid $34 for 2 drinks.  Ridiculous!  I didn't even get a slight buzz.  This was the only time all week we made it to the pool.  I wish I had 3 more days just to lay by the pool.. After the pool I went back down to the front desk.  I told them my story and we got a room on the 20th floor.  I had already unpacked a little in the old room, so I threw everything back in the suitcases.  I felt like criminal running form the police!  So we ended up schlepping our bags anyway, our friends helped us move to our new room.   The 20th floor was a smoking floor, but you would never know.  We never smelled any cigarettes.   They must have a super deluxe exhaust fan that was probably the incessant humming I heard.  The beds were so amazingly comfortable I fell asleep in moments and didn't hear the humming anymore.  I was very happy with our new room.  However, our friends' view was still slightly better than ours!. It's really far to walk anywhere and you have to walk about  1/2 mile just to get out of the hotel.  We didn't mind though.  The room was nice.  Our maid was awesome.  The bed was heavenly.  I would stay here again.
I was surprised to see the rooms at MGM. I stayed in a room with 2 queen beds. I really thought the interior design of the room was going to be outdated with photos of old celebrities. But they have completely remodeled it. It's more contemporary. They even changed their carpet. The mirror in the bathroom is spectacular. One thing that they can improve on is the water pressure for the shower. It's really low.
1. very nice room with king bed. 2. all staff were nice, but not always very knowledgeable.. 3. no smell of smoke.. 4. meals are overpriced.. 5. drinks are way overpriced!. 6. pools were awesome.. 7. good atmosphere.. 8. security was on it.. . Results: will stay again
I will start with a tip. It has a great parking lot. You can access it from either Koval or Tropicana; basically what I am saying is parking on the strip with out having to drive on the strip! Now to the hotel itself, the last time I stayed here the room was great, a good size and quite clean! If go during pool season, they have a wide variety of pool areas from the raucous to the serene to the family friendly. They also have plenty of restaurants of all types from the very casual to high end. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
We went on vacation in Las Vegas and chose a spa suite the MGM Grand. We had a great experience, expect for one thing: the check-in process. We had to wait in line forever at the check-in area. Then, when we got to our room, we realized it wasn't a spa suite, and we had a hard time getting the room we ordered. . . Other than that, our room was great, and comfortable.
I stayed at MGM on my very first trip to Vegas, which was also my 21st birthday so of course I had a blast!. . MGM is so ridiculously big! We checked in and had no idea where our room was and we didn't know which tower to go to. Aimlessly walking around the Casino, we had to stop and ask three workers how to get to our room and which tower to take. We finally find the tower (the signs confused us more which was why we asked the staff there) and proceeded to take the elevator to our room. Tell me why our room was on the freaking 13th floor?  Like there was the number 13 on the elevator! I thought the number 13 is superstitious, hence buildings skip the 13th floor, using it as storage or whatnot right?! Anyway, we settle into our room and I remember it being just ok. It wasn't breath taking, but then again it wasn't gross like Imperial Palace! It was comfortable so I was happy! So the rooms check out in my book!. . The casino is nice! Lots of slot machines, tables, great bars, cafe/restaurants and of course the cool Lion! I've only seen the Lion once but I would love to see him/her again.  . . I like that I can sit at the bar, stick in a $20, play $.50 and order a few drinks without getting hassled by  the bartender that I have to play max credit and to hold off on ordering another drink because I JUST ordered one. The bartender at MGM was cool and served us drinks and chatted with us. That's what I like!. . Downside is that it's at the end of the strip! . . So would I stay here again? I probably would but it wouldn't be my first choice of hotel to stay at . It wouldn't be my second and third either. But I would stay here if I have to and if there's a deal somewhere out there!
Been here since they opened and will keep comming back. The gym and spa is a 5star
Beautiful Hotel and Casino with tons of things to keep you entertained!  Beware that they are under construction at the moment so there is lots of dust and loud noises, but nonetheless still very fun place to hang out.
We stayed here on our recent Vegas trip.  Their renovation is almost finished and everything looks great.  Best of all, they freed those lions!  It's about time!  Our room was very nice and looked great.  One thing: be sure to wipe down those headboards!  They're beautiful but I don't want to see smudges of questionable origin anywhere in my hotel room, let alone near where I sleep!  The spa is great.  HUGE pool area.  Lots of restaurants to choose from in the hotel.  The waitresses are still some of the most attentive in Vegas.  The casino itself is enormous and offers plenty of gaming choices.  No loose slots this time around, though.  Must be paying for that renovation!. . Most fun slot machine on this trip: Grease!. . Avoid room service.  We thought about having breakfast in the room one morning only to find that eggs, bacon and pancakes go for $29 plus tip and room service fee.  That is RIDICULOUS.  We passed on those prices and found breakfast elsewhere.
I was there for the iheart music festival and must say everything went very smooth.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The pool area is a lot of fun and the staff is very attentive.  We were lost once and an off duty employee came to our rescue. I didn't get his name but thank you.    The remodel is almost complete and I am sure it will look great once it is done.
Stayed in a basic King room.  Nothing super fancy, but it was very clean and very well kept.  We didn't use the room much anyway, but I would have no problem paying for the accommodation again.  Hotel and casino are quite large, takes a day to find your way around but you eventually get the hang on it.  It's easy to connect to the hotels right next door and across the street (Trop, NY NY, Luxor).. . We went to the pool and lazy river on two of the days we were there.  Pool was well kept and very scenic.  I'm not even much of a pool person anyway, as I don't like laying around but I even enjoyed this.  Tubes cost $16 dollars to rent. Save your money.  You can just walk the lazy river, or most of the time when people leave the pool for the day they will give their tubes away.  You can take food and drink into the pool, just no glass bottles.  We bought some sandwiches and frozen drinks and took them down to the pool as pool prices were more expensive.  There is a frozen drink stand on the walk to the pool.  You can buy the yardstick drink and take it in with you, and then take it back later for $11 refills.  Just requires a bit of extra walking.. . Casino is average.  It's a casino, so it does what it is supposed to do. Entertain you and collect your money.  If you like vintage things, there is a Sigma Derby (one of only two that I think are in the city) buried in the slot machines near the sports book.  It's an old horse racing game where plastic horses race around the track and you bet quarters (yes, real quarters) on which horses will come in first and second.  It's a goofy way to spend an hour with $20 bucks if you are looking for something different or something cheap and entertaining to pass the time.. . Most of the food is pricy for what it actually is.  I'm not a high end foodie, but even some of the regular sandwich shops had just average food for what they charged. Nothing that blew my socks off.  Out the back doors (red doors) of the west wing bar, there is a little market store where you can but drinks, booze to go, and snacks for your room pretty cheap.. . Overall, if I ever land in Vegas again I would not hesitate at all to head back to the MGM.
4.5 . .  So this was my first time in Vegas since being 13. Came here with my PIC and told him this was the place I knew I wanted to go to since they have a TON of spots to eat within the hotel. Sadly I only ate at two of them LOL. My ass slept most of my Vegas trip actually. . .   Anyway we arrive and go to the front desk. Check in seemed easy breezy. We were on the westside so there wasn't this crazy walk to the elevators.  I wasn't used to the hustle and bustle of getting to it . Anywho we get to the 17th floor and man our  walk to the room was a fuckin long walk! Well the bigger rooms are in the back because when we opened the door it was a nice suite!!!! I loved the large couch with that spot you can stretch your legs and sleep on. We had the his and hers sinks and a jacuzzi! Not the best view (Hooters hotel across the street lol) So it would have been niceto get the view on the side with all the other hotels. No worries, The room was off the hook and the bed was so comfortable. So comfortable, my ass slept more than anything in Vegas. I shit you not I got my rest FOOOOOO SHOOOO! . . I didn't care for any of the gambling. I gambled 6 bucks. I don't get off pressin buttons gettin nothin. Tables scare the shit out of me way to intimidating.  But I enjoyed going to Fat tuesdays about 5 times :D . . I was very comfortable here. I just think next time I need to stay in the middle of the strip because I refused to walk around. I felt like MGM was back of the bus of all the good stuff on the strip.  Oh well I still slept good and I enjoyed that Jacuzzi tub!
I stayed 5 days and nights for 1k, including a $75 food discount for the top restaurants. Friday-Wednesday, two weeks ago. Clean hotel. Arrived at noon on a friday..went out that night, craps and...shhh! . . Went to sleep at 3am...woke at 8am to loud banging noise to my window 14 flights above ground. Hmmm...please noise go away. Ok, I'll look...pull back drapes keeping me in vampire darkness...ugh cables....cables against my window...oh, suddenly a guy lowers himself and is cleaning the windows. Nice...but I know the policy that on weekends they can't clean until after 11am. So...I get comped later in the day upon my visit to a manager. Yawn....but I did nap at the pool later in the day.. . Saw Madonna Saturday night, got into a night club in the hotel after midnight. . . Over all, a good hotel with easy access to the strip and my exploits.
Ive watched this casino & hotel change over the years. I personally really like the place! Especially since their rooms have been renovated into a fancier & modern theme. But! Their prices have stayed on the lower spectrum. Mgm also has one of the funnest pools (multiple, rafts, lazy river you can drink in). Us locals wish we dont need a roomkey to enjoy the pool though. Its really family friendly yet caters to those who came to party. One of the main downsides is the inconvenient parking garage. How annoying it is when you forget something in your car! Theres fat tuesdays, a CSI attraction, food court, romantic restaurants, & more. Besides, its in the center of vegas!
Always staying at this place during SEMA show.. They completely remodeled everything! No more old Hollywood type pictures, all modernized now.. . It definitely went through a great makeover. The rooms..everything was nice. . . Customer service was fantastic. . . Can I just tell you all my story? I almost won a million fackin' dollars. I was literally about |   | that close to winning! Just those little spaces right there. SO DAMN CLOSE. Thought I was going to have a damn heart attack! Won 35 dollars instead :'[ . . Anyway..the little mart inside is overly-priced of course. But, I'm glad that the cashier helped me. . She told me the cheaper options of razors compared to the ridiculously expensive ones. Thanks guuurl.
i love love love this hotel! it is beautiful...the beds are so damn comfy...the rooms are beautiful! . the pool was a crazy hike from our room...but well worth it...so many pools! . i only played $6 worth of penny slots and lost it all very quickly...so the casino is not my thing.... hubby and his sis took advantage of the breakfast buffet...ugghh..i wasn't going to spend $17 to injest thousands of senseless calories first thing in the morning.  Instead i snuck into a VIP room and got coffee, pastries, milk for the kids ...all for free!! yummo. nothing negative to say...and definitely the best stay i've had in Vegas!
MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. INTRODUCTION. When traveling to Sin City, what do you expect? Fun with friends or that special someone at the tables? A romantic dinner in a great atmosphere? Leaving your uniform at home and getting a tad loco? Well then read on. I hope these notes will help you decide whether a stay at the MGM Grand is worthy of your travel dollars.. As with any review, take it with a grain of salt as EVERYONE on this earth is different, coming to town for different reasons and what you like may not be what I'm into. If you want to wake up in your vomit and not remember what happened last night, this review may not be for you. For me, I usually come to Vegas with someone that LOVES being here -- the city lights at night, the singing of the slots and walking through the amazing lobbies or taking in shows. I'm more detail oriented and like to focus on comfort, services and a nice meal experience.. GETTING THERE. Coming from Southern California, this first thing I hope for is good traffic and we left this time mid-afternoon Saturday. Normally, we take off early to mid-morning to pass through the desert part of the trip BEFORE the desert heats up. Traffic is usually the tangible and this trip (November 10, 2012) was very light and we breezed through. Usually more cars are physically on the freeway with you, so this was nice. It is a holiday weekend which made me think there would be more folks out. NICE.. PARKING/CHECK-IN. I injured my toe a week ago and getting from the parking lot to the main lobby is a hike. Unless you luck up and catch someone exiting new the elevators/escalators, plan on bringing comfortable walking shows and getting your walking exercise in.. SPECIAL/CONCIERGE SERVICES. My wife has a birthday this weekend and I'm hoping that I can plan a surprise for her special day. I got up early today and stopped down at the front desk for help. Too early for the Concierge (opens at 7am at the front desk and on the phone at 6:30am), the check-in staff was very helpful stating they may be able to do something special (heart shaped flowers on the bed, customized room service - a cake, etc). Depending on the cost, a good option. NICE.. Last weekend I was at the Hyatt Regency Jacksonville Riverfront and they did not offer free internet service. Hotels have gone back and forth on this, but in Las Vegas this should be part of the Vegas experience. The MGM Grand offers Internet service bundled into your resort fee but I love being able to jump on, check mail or listen to or watch a stream without having to pay for the basics. EXCELLENT.. ROOMS/GROUNDS. Rooms are modern, spacious and have some niceties of note. Trendy wallpaper everywhere, sexy lighting and interesting lobbies make for a good visual. Being a first-gen resort/casino, the lobby where you check-in isn't as fancy as say, the Bellagio, and this visit has a boxing ring for the Manny Pacquiao's fourth fight with Juan Manuel Marquez encircling the golden lion. As you move out into and through the casino as mentioned earlier, the upgrades are present. . Bathrooms a very bright and follow the trend of not having a fan circulate/clean to air but the semi-separate water closet, art on the walls, faux-marble suggest hip. Automated curtains are an entertainment point for the kids and climate controls are easy to operate. . On the down side, I couldn't find the TV station listing (shouldn't have to channel surf to find what is where), more information on the concierge options should be listed on the website (self-service can drive more business) and the doors boom like live shells exploding if you don't handle with care. I'll test again as it may have been drunken gambler slamming their doors. OKAY to NICE.. FOOD. I don't really dig Las Vegas, so I look forward to a great meal or show each visit and the Top Chef celebrity Chef Tom Colicchio has a soup/sandwich and steak sit-down joints, two Asian (one Chinese, one Japanese) and other fine dining (translates into expensive) restaurants on resort grounds. You can offset that the fancy, upscale stuff with a food court with a Nathan's, McDonald's, Chinese, and Italian (pizza slices). I'd suggest heading away from the strip for all but the special occasion meal as everything inside, although convenient at 2am, is overpriced.
We've stayed at the MGM a few times now. It is a good balance of price to location.  The monorail is accessible without leaving the property which is a big plus. The rooms are rather nice too.  If you prefer being on the south end of the strip, you can't go wrong with the MGM Grand. There is also plenty of shopping opportunities and, of course, lots of gambling. If you like Sigma Derby, there is a machine here too, one of the only Sigma Derby machines in Vegas!
Fun place with quite a few things to do.
At least 250$ a night and they nickel and dime you and a coke is 3$ at the 15$ black jack tables. Not very impressed. Although, some of the staff is nice. Located in a great place.
I stayed at the MGM Grand during my first ever trip to Vegas, for a bachelorette party.  The MGM Grand is a wonderful hotel experience.  It is located right in the heart of the action and it has pretty much anything you could ever need right there on site.  The main reason that I did not stay here on my other Vegas trips is due to the price (I'm cheap), but you definitely get the full Vegas experience at the MGM Grand!
I went to Vegas for Thanksgiving with my family and booked a room with MGM and it was in the Grand Tower. They recently renovated their rooms so everything looks really nice and new. The housekeeping staff does a great job because the room and bathroom is immaculate. . . The bed is really comfortable except the bed frame has really sharp and protruding corners so I kept walking into it. I got several bruises from that. . . The hotel staffs at the front desk are friendly and efficient. There was a long line for check in but they had a lot of people working so the line moved up quickly.
This is primarily a review of the hotel. My friend and I stayed here over a long weekend after thanksgiving. The check in process was relatively painless, and the desk staff was very friendly. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and very pleasant. Lots of good restaurants inside, some great shows including Copperfield, and easy access to the monorail. The prices were very reasonable, although I am sure coming during an "off" weekend helped. Able to check out electronically, which was a nice perk. Would definitely stay here again.
My husband and I stayed here for his Marine corps military ball, one of the best I've ever been to. The suite we had was gorgeous and huge! A big jacuzzi tub and big bed. The price was surprisingly low for such a great room. The banquet room was also very nice, service was top notch. Security is very tight here! so no messing around Haha. You know how rowdy marines can get and they were not having it.  All in all enjoyed our stay here.
So I got a grand king room here for a pretty good deal, and I'd have to say they did a great job renovating the place!  I came with the intention of staying with someone in my room, but I ended up having the room all to myself, which was pretty nice, but the room was actually a bit big for just one person.  I loved the back lit mirror in the bathroom and the awesome black out curtains.  The only major complaint I have is that the shower pressure sucks!!  It took forever to wash my hair and I got cold because there was so little water coming out of the shower head!  And when I tried to check out via the tv, it wouldn't work, so I had to call.  Other than those hiccups, I would stay here again if the price was right.
Ohh la la....3.5 stars. Some snazzy renovations going on at the MGM Grand! . . We stayed on the MGM Grand the weekend before Thanksgiving. Really good rates that weekend. Tip: sign up for the MGM resorts promo emails and you can check their calendars for special weekends that are cheaper then normal. I usually find a cheap weekend, then do an online search on hotels.com or priceline and book the deals. Often times you might find a cheaper rate online. But MGM often offers food and beverage credits if you book through them. . . I got the executive queen suite in one of their newly renovated towers. It was $88 for a Sunday night off of priceline. Not too shabby! The check in process was pretty quick. The line looked long but moved quickly and the lady that checked us in was super nice. . . The renovated rooms are very modern. It feels high end. The queen suite (675 sq ft) was just big enough for 4 people. I was very spoiled by the MGM Signature suite I stayed in earlier this year. It was 980 sq ft. =P. The beds were comfy, it was nice to have two flat panel TVs in the suite and a generous sitting area. The bathroom was also nice, it had a tub and a shower. The towels were a tad rough, but they gave us tons, which was nice. The floor was nice and quiet.. . No real complaints, except for the fact that the wifi was a bit slow and even with a $28 dollar resort fee, we didn't have access to the gym! It us an additional $15 more. We only had access to a small cardio room that held maybe about 10 tread mills and 10 ellipticals. My cousin said that it was very packed in the morning. As a paying guest, I was expecting more. Considering the MGM Grand are also advertising "wellness" rooms. Well, why not let us exercise too! . . Anyways, aside from my wellness rant, the MGM is located in a fairly good location. Even though it is one of the older hotels on the strip, they have made strides in upgrading. Oh and the KA theater is right down stairs. Great show! =)
Stayed in the newly renovated Grand King rooms, and they were very nice.  Lots of room, modern and clean, and best of all we were fortunate to have been situated in a quiet location.  The entryway light didn't work, however.. . Check-in was long and arduous.  Had to wait in a long snaking line for almost an hour.  There were only 4-5 check-in stations open and over 100 people lined up!. . Valet parking also took forever (dropping off and picking up).  I guess it's a large hotel, but they were clearly understaffed.. . Overall, I would definitely stay here again.  Just hope they hire more workers.. . The resort fee is a joke of course - the internet was very slow - my 3G Sprint phone was faster (and if you know how slow Sprint 3G is, you know that's slow...)
I stayed in this hotel with a bunch of friends for my first time in Vegas. I have to say, I fell in love with the place. . We came to stay during Memorial Day weekend so it was hella crowded. Check-in lines were long, and we waited a good 20 minutes before being able to check in. . The hotel room that we got was a regular room with 2 king-sized beds. The room was well-kept and very clean. I also liked the modern feel of the interior. . Housekeeping did a very good job of cleaning the rooms everyday. . After day and night of partying, I was so happy to find solace in our room. The bed was very comfy!. They pool area is quite nice as well. Unfortunately our experience in the pool area was tainted by a bunch of drunk youngins that were getting very annoying and angry. . Overall, I would go back and stay here again though. The Grand has a special place in my heart because it was a huge part of my first time experience in Vegas.
Big complex and rooms are clean although a bit small and terrible view...unless you consider a view of Hooters and the airport a good view.  The conference center is a bit of a trek, so if you are there for work, wear something comfortable or you'll regret it!!!
I showed up with my girlfriend the day after christmas with NO reservations and scored the cheapest room I could get for $134 for one night!. . We took a chance assuming it wouldn't be that bad with the MGM. With no reservations and plans on staying for no more than 2 days, MGM was our random selection.. . The line to check in took about 20 minutes but moved steadily. Once we got to the check in desk I asked for the cheapest room they have. Boy did I really get a cheap room! . . Once we arrived to the room which took freaking forever walking down a very long hallway was small, maybe 300 square feet? We actually could not find the window at first since it was covered and blended in with the wall. Our "view" was of some other building, no big deal. All the furniture was very modern and kind of dark. It took awhile to find where the lights were. Flat screen tv on the wall was pretty big! The only thing that annoyed me was the lack of privacy for the bathroom. The toilet and shower were completely separate but that was the only privacy you got. The sink and prep area was all open. The doors were very thin and made of glass. Meh, not my type of bathroom. . . The hotel is very big where you can easily get lost but I don't mind. It was enjoyable overall.
My wonderful stay began at check-in. While standing in line, I noticed an area for M Life members and wondered why that line was shorter than the one I was standing in. If you've never been to MGM Grand, they have huge screens behind the check-in desk that flash various attractions in the hotel. A "commercial" for M Life justhappened to show and said check out Mlife.com. I figured I should check it out right then and there on my phone.. . In the span of 5 minutes, I became a member of M Life and secured a lower hotel room rate for my stay! The best part was the front desk employee who honored my new reservation. I saved $100 just by joining M Life.. . My hotel room was decent (view totally sucked, but who cares since I saved $100). The beds were comfortable and clean. I thoroughly enjoyed the pool area (stayed out there for four hours and was probably in the lazy river for an hour). The tube rental price, however, should be a little less ($16 for the day, but it goes down to $10 after 1 p.m.). . My only negative is the shower. The water temperature was fine the first day; the second day it took a few before it warmed up. On the third day, however, it never warmed up. We called maintenance and within a few minutes, the water began warming up. I'm not sure if they control the water temperature remotely, but a maintenance person did show up to fix a problem that seemed to correct itself.. . I absolutely LOVE the toiletries! They have the best smelling lotion out of any hotel I've ever stayed in. I also enjoyed the shampoo and conditioner.. . Breakfast buffet is fabulous. If you go right before they are about to switch over for lunch, you'll get to taste some great food as well. I almost forgot about Fat Tuesdays downstairs. If you love to drink, stop by here, buy a refillable container and drink away (don't forget the extra shot for $1!). . This is my third time staying here and I don't see any reason to stay anywhere else -- unless the room is free!
Often times I stay here because I get comps or discounts with my players card. It's a good hotel with descent rooms only of you stay in one of the towers closer to the lobby. One time they put me in a tower all the way at the end of the hallway that had 10 minute walking to get to the front door. Another negative about this hotels is hat it's all the way at the end of he strip, which means cab rides could add up or if you drove to Vegas then the driving might be a hassle to get around in traffic. It is also quiet a distance from convention center if you are in town for a trade show. However, the do have a tram stop that goes to the convention center, but he walk to the tram station could be 10-15 minutes.. . As far as gambling, it's a pretty good place to gamble with average minimums, which could be as low as $5 during the day and $10 to $20 at busy nights. I like the roulette and black jack tables here, since those are my games. I like to go from table to table and switch places often, so I like hat they have many tables available close to each other.. . As far as restaurants and food there are plenty here in all price ranges, from fancy to cheap. For those on he cheap side, there is a food court there with Mcdonalds. .
I just love the MGM Grand  It is just so...functional. Good location, things work, it's diverse, people are nice, bars are cool, gaming is fun, crowd is upbeat, rooms are brilliant. . . This is definitely our go-to in Vegas. You really can't go wrong.
I was able to book this hotel with a killer rate from Southwest Vacations.  Just make sure when you are booking you factor in the $25 per night resort fee.  The hotel was recently renovated and everything looks very nice.  They are still doing some renovations on the exterior but the interior looked just about complete.  The rooms were nice, nothing too fancy.  The rooms have automatic shades on the windows; my blackout curtain worked but the shade did not retract. Wifi is also hit and miss.  It worked just fine on my phone but I could not get my laptop to connect.  Checking in was quick and simple as well as checking out.  The tables in the hotel started at about $10 min and up from there.  I recommend trying out the electronic craps, lots of fun especially with a good crowd!  I would stay at the MGM again if I am able to get another good deal.  But I would stay at a nicer resort like the Aria or Palazzo if I were taking a date.
I have been to MGM Grand more times than I have been to any other hotel. Within the last month I stayed there twice.  Both times the rooms were the same layout, but in different wings. One room face the New York, New York hotel, while the other faced the roof of the lobby.  The room was clean and tidy.  Although the next morning I sat on the ledge by the window to get some sun and it was very dusty. My leggings picked all the dust up.  On the way up to the hotel there's a little shop filled with overprice goodies.  They have cupcakes that are $4 during the day, but at the end of the day the price drops to $2.  I had to have a cupcake, especially because it was half off.  I must say the turtle cupcake was very good.  . . The decision of what to eat may be a tough one to make.  Whether you want fine dining or McDonald's, there are many choices for food there. More than any other hotel I've been to.  I had pizza from Perfect Pie which is a great tasting pizza place.. . There are several lounges as well that are located all over the hotel.  I have yet to go to any, but when I walk by, the music is bumpin' and the people look like they're having a good time.  . . In the summer months, the pool is open.  There are 3 wade pools I believe, then there's the lazy river.  Every time I have been to the river, there's always a party.  Tube rental are a bit pricey, but the price drops after a certain time.  Sometimes you may be lucky and either someone leaving will give theirs to you, or y. . I never have a bad experience at the MGM and look forward to many more memories to be made there.
While everyone else was busying themselves with boring things like the inauguration I was busy myself with getting busy in Vegas. After a hellish week, on a lark I looked into rooms for a brief overnight stay on a Sunday night. For the bargain price of $115.00 bucks I secured a Spa Suite at MGM Grand and can I say: The new overhaul of their rooms is indeed grand.. . Our 800 square foot room was furnished modernly with a muted color palette and lots of dark wood. What made this girl super giggly was the bathroom! His and hers sinks, a whole wall of mirrors, a bathtub that would easily support a 8 person orgy, a sit down shower, and his and hers bathrobes and slippers (or hers and hers, his and his, etc. whatever your flavor). Cue the bad 70's porn music. I easily spent 50% of my time in the bathroom.  The suites are completely wired with awesome sound systems, two gigantic flat-screen televisions, and remote black out curtains. I was in love. . . Although I stayed in the room the majority of my trip, my brief outing for dinner at the Wolfgang Puck's Cafe proved to be delicious. Every single staff member I came into contact with was extremely friendly and professional from the valet and front desk to room service.. . Note to Yelpers if you are having a good time and want to get one more romp in that bathtub in or a few more hours of sleep, you can get an extended check out time to either 3 or 6 pm for a little bit more.
A pretty solid hotel on the Strip.. . Rooms:. . I have stayed in a couple of different styles of rooms and were impressed by all. The wall is ultra thin. I was not impressed by the level of noise when I stayed in grand tower. Basically the room next door played loud music for 24 hours straight. If it was really 24 hours straight, I have no idea. But every time I am back in the room, the music was on. It was super loud and the thin wall did not help. I could also clearly hear exactly what the couple had to say and TMI that I did not need to hear. Things like that guy was taking a shower and the girl was on the phone. I also overheard them asking when their friend is going to check out. I was slightly reliefed to hear that they were checking out the morning after. I don't think they were extra loud. The wall was just too thin. It was almost like they were standing feet away from me and talking. The loud music continued until they left the room. . . Lobby:. . Really grand and bright colored. A huge contrast from its casino. Check in and check out are pretty fast during my stays here. I have never had to wait for too long in the line. The line CAN get super long in the afternoons. The last time I was here, there was some football star doing an appearance. Lots of people were taking pictures. I didn't know who the guy was when I went up close so I didn't take any pictures. Concierge is friendly but not super helpful.. . Casino:. . Light is dim and smoke everywhere. Is there a non-smoking section here? I don't know. Waiters come around pretty often to offer water and drinks. Of course, you have to tip. I didn't really like the smell in the casino. Bathroom is clean.. . Commute from the airport:. . So convenient! During my first time here, I took a taxi. On a tourist website, they said the trip would cost around $12 - 15 and it was around that range. Then I discovered its local bus pass system and you pay $8 for a day pass or $20 for 3-day pass. I took the bus back to the airport from here and it was so convenient. When I came back to MGM grand, I did not even think twice and took the bus again. It drops you off in front of MGM.. . Tips:. . Watch out for your bill here. The first time I was here, they placed $500 hold on my credit card for incidental charges. I thought that was way too much. The second time I was here, the hold for incidental charges were much lower. I think it was around $100 for incidental charges the second time. . . They have free internet here. Use it. It is probably the only thing that is worthy of your daily resort fee. I have never visited its fitness center so I cannot comment on that. The free newspaper is right next to its mini grocery store right next to the elevator to go upstairs. Otherwise you get charged $25 daily resort fee during your stay here.. . There is no fridge in your room. I don't remember seeing any fridge in any of the rooms that I stayed in. There was a small fridge in the room in grand tower. I looked into the fridge and it was full of soda and alcohol. I poked around a bit and then saw a small sign reads "place personal item in your fridge may cause charges for up to $50 per day." So I didn't mess with it again. When I checked out, I noticed there was a $4 on refreshment center. I asked the guy about it and he asked if I had purchased a sprite there. I said no and I poked around the fridge and that was about it. He said, well that is the problem, if you take any item out for longer than 30 seconds and even if you put it back in there after that, they will automatically charge you on your credit card. Although he was nice and gave the $4 back to me. Still, I thought that was not very convenient. You can pay an additional $25 to store personal items at their fridge on each floor.
My boyfriend and mines favorite hotel to stay in Vegas!  We like the new, renovated rooms. We like the casino and the restaurants in the hotel are yummy, especially Wolfgang's and Diego's!  Can't wait to go back!
Ever since they renovated their rooms, it looks up to standards with the other hotels that are on the strip. The beds are comfortable, the TV is big enough, the bathroom is also renovated and looks nice. The lobby of each floor looks nice as well, there are some sitting area, and the hallways that lead to the rooms are also wide and not cramped. . . The location is what is good. It is right on the strip and it is closed to all the other hotels, shopping places, clubs, etc. You are getting the high-end experience without paying the high-end price. . . They have a casino on the first floor, shopping places, and a big concert hall. I have been a couple of times to see some artists. . . I don't know what else to say. If you haven't gone back to MGM since they renovated the place, you have to CHECK IT OUT!
Clean rooms, comfortable beds. Location can't be beat with the monorail station a short walk from the lobby area and two pedestrian bridges to connect the hotel to the NYNY and Excalibur.. . My most recent stay was in a renovated room with a nice flat screen TV and an entertainment console (could never get it to work though). There is a mini-bar fridge and the requisite $20 cans of nuts on top. There is an "entertainment" kit containing USB, AV and other media cable for $30 + fees. Be careful though, the dry items are on a tray with a weight sensor and the items in the refrigerator are on a sensor. If you move it you will be charged and you have to argue with the front desk to get the (not actually consumed or used) items removed from the bill.. . The "resort fee" went up to $25, which is insane since they took out some of the perks.. . The check-in process has changed a bit. Instead of picking a line, or being directed to one and hoping it moves quickly there are now two queues. Both lines moved quickly and now people who have complicated check-ins or would previously hold up the line for whatever reason don't prevent the line from moving.. . Overall I stay here because they have a good rate for their players club members. But we don't spend a lot of time besides sleeping in this resort.
I love having 100 channels. I hate not being able to see them because of a bad signal. I also hate dodging taxis while trying to get back and forth from valet.
They're currently updating the front of the casino and, as a result,  they've removed the lion habit!. . Bummer......
I have stayed here multiple times when I was younger and a couple times when I turned 21. Needless to say the needed to upgrade and i would usually stay else where. But after the new remodeling I am impressed. When you walk in you are no longer greeted by the smell of cigarette smoke more a great vanilla smell. Which is a great sign. The new rooms are great. Beds are comfy new blinds to blackout the light after long nights. The shower and water pressure is just right. I recommend staying in the newly remodeled rooms it is worth it. Great job MGM getting back in the game. Also get to the buffet early for the early bird special, and just about every line of food has a stock of bacon so bacon lovers are more then welcome.
Everyone was very helpful and accommodating. The bell desk held our luggage all day after check out, due to our late flight. We were upgraded to a Grand Tower room, instead of the West Wing, upon arrival because our original room was not ready. Our casino had everything & was always bustling with people. The theatre was a nice size. There were plenty of restaurants to choose from, each with a different facade. Food court could have been a little more extensive for quick bites. The Grand Buffet is great for breakfast! We ate there twice & liked it both times. There were some renovations going on while there, but nothing that affected our stay. Rooms were a nice size and kept pretty clean. The bathroom in the rooms are nothing fancy. The hallways could have been kept a little cleaner. Great views of the Strip from all parts of the hotel.
Great hotel- it is HUGE. But being on one end of the strip it's quite a treck to get anywhere by walking. This place has everything. Very beautiful . Pool is great!
We got into Vegas around 1 or 2 and were immediately greeted by the valet who took care of our car and a bellman who took our bags.  After waiting in an obscenely long check in line, we were informed that our room was ready (thankfully).  We got upstairs and the room was awesome (I've uploaded photos of our suite/bathroom).  Our initial booking was a deal that came with a $75 meal credit towards any of the MGM eateries.  The room itself was spacious and clean and had zero trace of that awful smoky smell you can't escape in the actual casino downstairs.  I didn't see any sign of construction in the casino so I assume they're done with all that and the lion habitat won't be coming back but I'm not 100% sure.. The room was at the end of a very long hallway which provided for a nice seclusion but a pain in my butt when I was wearing heels or needed something from the ice/vending machine.  There was a room across from ours that seemed to be quite full or having a party but once inside our room, there wasn't much noise infiltration so the soundproofing was pretty good - very important to a light sleeper like me!  Also helpful so the finicky sleeper were the awesome remote control window shades in sheer and blackout so you could filter out most/all the light from the 2 giant windows.  And the remote control panel was fun in a James Bond kind of way.  The room had a decent sized flat screen tv and hook ups for your computer (usb, etc) built into the desk as well as a large L-shaped couch, ottoman, and a large bed...I think we had a king.  There was ample drawer space and 2 safes in the room.  There was an easy to use iron/ironing board in the closet with plenty of hangars.  We didn't have a fridge but I saw a note saying you could ask for one.  The bed was awesome, but the pillows were not my favorite.  They had some give to them but unlike a memory foam pillow, they didn't really spring back much they just kind of deflated under my head..but like I said, I'm a very uptight person about sleeping habits.  . The bathroom I never wanted to leave!  I'm fairly certain it's bigger than my entire bedroom.  It had a huge vanity counter with double mirrors and a storage shelf underneath.  The toilet was partially walled off and the shower and tub were adjacent but not connected.  The jacuzzi tub was awesome and didn't take long to fill up at all.  There was a rain-style showerhead in the shower with great water pressure.  The towels were nice and soft and everything in the bathroom looked clean.  . One of the afternoons we were there a maid actually came into our room without knocking so make sure you put the DND sign on the door if you want your privacy and there are no chain locks on the doors so tilt the handle up once inside to lock out people even with a room key.  There was one day we left the room a bit on the later side and took the sign off to have the room cleaned but no one ever came.  Thankfully they'd cleaned the day before when we'd left although I thought it was weird to realize the cleaning lady had been watching our tv in our room because the channel had been changed to a Spanish one and the tv had been swiveled into a different position.  . We had some issues with the internet and the front desk was very apologetic and sent someone up which fixed it instantly.  Due to the trouble, they added an extra $25 resort credit to our bill.  Then we had an issue charging to the room at one of the restaurants so they added another $25 credit.  We had an issue as well with my bf trying to charge the room to his credit card but the hold on it was larger than what they put on if it's a debit card (oddly the opposite of renting a car) so he ended up having 2 pending charges on separate cards and had to have the credit card company talk to the front desk guy to get one of the holds removed which was a bit of a pain but again...$25 resort fee.  Not bad really, that means we essentially got $150 taken off our total bill at the end.. Also the concierge was super helpful and friendly when we bought our tickets to LOVE.. Overall, I would GLADLY stay at the MGM again.  Super easy access to cabs, shuttles, monorail, and good places to eat downstairs. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and well-kept rooms.
Huge hotel lots to do, much to eat drink and play
This is the first time that we have stayed at MGM Grand hotel.  We stayed there for 3 nights, and we enjoyed it here.  The room was very spacious, modern, tastefully decorated, and well-lit.  The elevators ran very smoothly and efficiently even with a huge convention happening the same three days that we were there.  According to the gentleman who checked us in, he got us a room in one of the newer towers so we were fortunate.  Our view was of New York New York, Tropicana, and Excalibur.  We only used our car once during our stay here because the MGM is walking distance to everywhere cool on the Strip.. . My only complaint is that we did not win a single penny in their casino!  Oh well, I'd stay here again anyways.
3.5* . . DATE: Sunday, December 16, 2012 - Tuesday, December 17, 2012. ROOM TYPE: New Grand King. LENGTH OF STAY: 2 nights. RATE: $63.20/night after taxes @ http://hotels.com (Resort fee paid for at check-in.). . ___________________________________. . . We booked this hotel the same day we left for Las Vegas and were happy to have found something reasonably priced. Our expectations were rather low since we were used to staying at the newer, nicer hotels in Las Vegas but we were pleasantly surprised by how modern the rooms were and what a nice job they had done with the renovations. Definitely better than other hotels of it's class including the Mirage and the Treasure Island. I'd say the same about the Hard Rock as well but each time I've stayed there, I've been upgraded to the King Suite in the HRH All-Suite Tower.. which is, of course, not a fair comparison.. . We checked in at 2am, so there was no line. The check-out process was easy and the simplified with the availability of a stack of cards next to a check-out box by the elevator.. . As is the case with many of the older casino resorts in Las Vegas, be prepared for a bit of a trek between the self-park lot to the room.
I can remember the day MGM first opened. I loved the huge lion at the entrance haha. Now that I am upwards of 21 and can actually enjoy Vegas, I have found myself at this hotel quite often.. . Even though a bit older, MGM offers nice clean rooms at reasonable rates. Over the years they have done upgrades that keep the decor and rooms nice and modern.. . Here is my breakdown.. . -Casino-I am not a big gambler, but my bf is. The dealers are always very nice and friendly, and the servers come around regularly and provide drinks. Never too busy, so you can usually get a spot at the table of your choice.. . -Pool. * Decent, but nothing spectacular.. . -Restaurants-I have tried a few here. . *Wolfgang Puck-Very good. The pizza we ordered here was great, Nice modern decor. Service was great as well. *Pearl-Great! I love sushi, and they were awesome. Their fish was fresh and flavorful. They offered some nice sake choices as well. Very nicely designed interior and friendly service.. *The grand wok-Eating healthy in vegas can be hard. TGW is a great healthy option thats quick and easy to grab. Everything is made to order and cooked on the spot. They offer a variety of meats and veggies to suite everyones taste.. *Sugar factory-I have left a great 5 star review for the main SF. Although smaller, this SF is awesome as well.. . Shopping-They offer a variety of little shops and boutiques here ranging from souvenirs to rolex. They have a women's boutique here that I absolutely love, but I am blanking on the name. It sells both high end and moderate priced clothing, shoes, and bags. They have a great selection and always seem to have a sale going on.. . Shows-My boyfriend gambled his way to a comp show the first day we were staying here, so off to KA we went. I have been to many CDS shows in Vegas, and always loved them. KA was good, but not great. I would rate is a 4/5. I guess Le Reve still has my vote.. . Nightlife-I used to enjoy MGM's nightlife, but as with all clubs they have their time. Although their clubs are still busy, they are not my goto places any longer. Crowds are not great, and they never really have any good talent. Bigger clubs like XS always have the big name dj's. However, i am very excited for Hakasan to open. I think this new spot will be an awesome addition to MGM and re-vamp their nightlife. You can't go wrong with Tiesto as a resident either.. . Overall I really like MGM and would recommend it. Nice clean rooms, great service, nice choice of restaurants, and good casino. Lastly at a moderate price, you can't go wrong.
When I travel to Vegas for work, I basically move in.  I'll stay at the hotel anywhere from 4-7 days at a time, which is FOREVER in Vegas hours.  . . Honestly, of all the casino-hotels that I've stayed in, MGM is at the top so far (although I will be staying at the Venetian and Mandalay Bay later this year...so we'll see how it compares).  My standards are different than other people's since I'm NOT there do get wasted and go crazy at clubs.  I'm always there for work.. . Here are the pros for MGM:. 1) The elevators to the Grand/West towers are RIGHT by the lobby check-in.  There is nothing I hate more than dragging my suitcase through the casino for 10 minutes, or having to walk through the casino every time I want to leave the hotel.  It was really nice that the elevators were convenient and quick to get to.. 2) The casino didn't seem as smokey as other casinos, such as Caesars or the Mirage.  My eyes didn't get irritated in the walk from my room to the conference area, which was nice. . 3) There is a good mix of restaurants -- cheap places to eat like McDonalds (where I'd get my morning coffee for cheap) and really expensive restaurants like Shibuya sushi or Knob Hill.. 4) My room was QUIET!  Normally I'm woken up once a night while staying in Vegas -- either by outside noise, noise from the room next door, or from the hallway.  I wasn't woken up even once during my 4 nights/5 days at the MGM.  Be aware, the rooms are basic if you're staying in the Grand Tower.  (But black-out blinds are the best.). 5) The resort rate includes the use of the 4th floor cardio room.  If you stay at Caesar's, it's $25 PER DAY to use their fitness center, which is the only place you can exercise.  The cardio room is VERY VERY SMALL for the size of the hotel, however--just 12 or so machines.  Luckily, I had free access to the spa fitness center thanks to the conference I was attending.. 6) I was able to get a 1pm late checkout and the folks at the check-in area were very nice.. . Cons:. 1) If you're there for a conference, the conference area + ballroom is pretty far away from the Grand tower hotel rooms.  You walk through the casino, through The District (the area of restaurants/shops), down an escalator, through a hallway (past the outdoor pool area), and then outside and to the ballroom which is a separate building.  It's a little odd, but luckily the weather was nice and didn't affect our walks outside.  . 2) The District area closes pretty early by Vegas standards.  I really wanted froyo one evening after a business dinner, and they were closed!  It was kind of a bummer for someone like me who doesn't get wasted and gamble a ton in Vegas.. 3) My bed was squeaky, which would only have been really annoying if my boyfriend had come with me on the trip.  :-)
I was not not overly concerned with how our hotel room would be. My experience at Vegas hotels were a bit like a snowglobe. All pretty and shiny until you look inside and its just cheap plastic. MGM exceeded my expectations, not that it was hard, I didn't have really high expectations! The hotel was great, the room very comfortable. If I were to point out a few negatives it would be that there was a spectacular view of a wall, a weird green X-Files type glow in the room due to the outside lighting and the "open concept" style of the room (ie: The bathroom is in the entrance. Make sure you have the "do not disturb" sign up as housekeeping could catch a view. There is no door to bathroom, it leads into the room and the glass door on the shower & toilet don't do much for privacy.) The room itself was very nice. In Vegas there isn't much time for sleep, so it served its purpose. I'd stay there again.. Oh, and yes, the hotel is under construction due to the removal of the lion exhibit (check out youtube as to why). It wasn't overly annoying though. Not enough to discourage my review.
the newer suites are very roomy and nice.  kind of dark, but hey everyone looks more beautiful in the dark.
Ive been coming here since they opened in 1994. Recent remodel helped the rooms immensely. They did a nice job on the bed. Very comfortable. Good selection of movies. No nasty smoke smell in the rooms, so the filtration must be pretty good. They have pretty decent insulation from the shinanigans going on in the other rooms. A few people next door were trying to copy The Hangover, but only heard them in the hallway. The casino was mostly nice, a little confusing layout. I love the pool area and outdoor lounge. Very relaxing.
Room is outstanding,  comfy and quiet.  Well worth the extra cash.  Just don't ask for directions on how the room works, the staff is not fully trained yet.
The MGM IS a grand hotel.. It's beautiful, timeless elegance has been part of the strips elite as long as I can remember.. They have a huge, very well kept casino, service and atmosphere is simply lovely.. However, it is a bit...yawn...when it comes to a wild Vegas weekend.. It is more for the older, relaxed crowd, or if you want a quiet place to sleep while on the strip.. The location is ideally located right at the beginning of the strip, all is good here.
I've stayed here twice in the last three years and it has never let me down! Really nice rooms, clean, great atmosphere. Great pool party at Wet Republic!!
The check in girl has some serious attitude, but we got an upgrade so I was immediately happy. . . We also received free late check out till 3, which helped our hang-overs. . . The pool's and lazy river are really lush - I would love to live there forever.  The room service food was delicious and super quick. Everything was good, nothing to complain about here. . . ahh, the lions thing, not cool - better off in the wild.
This place is great, make sure you get the Renovated room, not the old ones.  The staff was friendly and the room price was very reasonable.  There's a "food court" in the hotel for some cheap snacks (pizza, McDonald etc) Otherwise the restaurants in here are good as well.
Got a New King room and liked the decor.  I'd stay there again.  Just as comfortable as Aria and likely a larger room.  The negative is long check in line.  They need a new system here for such a huge hotel.
The stay was rated 5 stars; however, the bell hop lost our luggage!  We stayed in the Skyline Terrace Suite and had an amazing stay and recommend anyone stay there... Just done let them handle your luggage.
Beautiful remodel.. Smells delicious... bvulgari. . Hakkasan opened and it is gorgeous. We nibbled different cantonese dishes. I really enjoyed the spicy wagyu beef, and the black pepper ribeye. Every veggie side dish is yummy. . We saw deadmau5 and it is a great platform for DJs. I really enjoyed the entertainment portion, it really is a beautiful experience and it was nice that dinner rolled into the evening without lines, etc. . There is a gift shop before the elevators that sells homemade large cupcakes for $4.00, but after 10:00pm they are $2.00. Iusually love red velvet but the oreo is amazing
Honestly, for the price, we had a great experience. 4 nights, double queens. I put that we had 2 people but we really had 4, but its cheaper that way. We each paid (WITH resort fee) $158 for 4 nights. The hotel room was new, clean and comfortable. The beds and bedding were great. The automatic shades on the window were a LIFE SAVOR. OMG. We pressed the button at 5:30am when we got home each morning, and slept like babies until 10:30 am. House keeping knocked every time and were patient and polite each time we groggily yelled "come back in an hour". The replaced towels every time. The bathroom was spacious. The room was on the small side, but whatever. Like I said, the amenities were brand new. My only complaint is the lighting in the room was too dark. I added my friend's name to the reservation 3 days before hand, and she checked in no problem. We got an upgrade a month prior to staying, and the reservation department changed and adjusted the reservation, no problem. We got our bags brought up no problem. We checked out no problem. The restaurant selections aren't that great, but we enjoyed a reasonably priced great meal at Wolf Gang Puck. They have a cute candy shop. The pool was below average, but you can go to other pools. The casino was ok but that's what the other casinos are for! This place is great for a CHEAP and very nice stay
I love the MGM Grand Hotel!. . Here are the reasons why:. . 1.  The standard rooms are large enough for me and my friends to pre-party in.  .      a.  The bathroom had just one basin instead of two--my preference as this arrangement provides more counter space.  .      b.  The blinds completely block out any sunlight which allows me to sleep-in undisturbed.  .      c.  While most other large casinos on the strip have long hallways and you may get stuck with a room at the far end of a long hallway.  MGM's layout has about 6 hallways that radiate outwards from the elevators.  With more hallways, the hallways are shorter and the walks are shorter.. . 2.  The casino is busy with gamblers earlier in the morning than others on the strip.  While at Caesar's, Cosmo, etc, the crap tables are usually dead at 11am.  It is common to find a couple crap tables full with players during the mid-mornings.. . 3.  Even at night, the crap table minimum bets are low.  Most of the MGM crap tables had a minimum bet of $10; by contrast, other strip casinos would have only one $10 (it is common to have $15 minimum on the strip and no $10 tables) crap table going.... . 4.  They have a decent pool party--Wet Republic.  WR is overrated but is still a good pool party.. . 5.  There are lots of dining options at MGM.  While they are tons of better options in Vegas.  Within the hotel itself, the food selection is quite diverse--there are 15 - 18 different eateries to choose from.. . 6.  The casino is near the airport.  You can see the runway from the hotel room.  By taxi, the airport is less than 10 minutes away.  I usually get a rental, and there is a gas station at the corner of MGM so I can fill up my tank there and head to the rent-a-car center.... . 7.  The MGM arena is a great venue for concerts!  Large arena with possibly the best acoustic system on the Strip and a very large display screen behind the stage.. . While not a perfect hotel, it has enough positive points to make me want to return and stay here....
I heard that the MGM did a whole new renovation/ makeover of some of the rooms! I decided to see what everything was like. I've stayed at the MGM some years ago and wasn't too impressed! However this time around it was a 360 degree change! I was suprinsgly upgraded to a Executive King Suite! Why? Not sure! But who would ask questions right? The room was absolutely fantastic! Very spacious, clean, and the decorations and layout were very stunning. i stayed on the 27th floor and had an exceptional view! I would recommend this hotel to anybody!
Never stayed here, but this is my favorite place for poker.
As a mid/low range hotel on the strip, this is my favorite hotel out of this group's price range (New York New York, Tropicana, Excalibur, etc.). . I like it's location at the southern end of the strip and you can take a cab to the northern/newer end where Wynn and the others are. . . If you sign up for emails, you get a crap ton when you don't want to go to Vegas. But when you want to go, you can get some pretty good deals if you somewhat plan ahead looking at their price calendar.
Ok room. Ok food choices. BEST pool in town
I really want to give MGM 3.5 stars, but my issues were mostly due to bad timing and they deserve better than a 3.. . My girlfriend and I stayed at the MGM from a Friday to a Tuesday.  I had stayed at the MGM once or twice before, and been to Vegas many times, but this was her first trip and her birthday weekend.. . We had read in reviews that if you ask for upgrades, you can usually get them.  And seeing as how this was my girlfriend's first trip and her birthday, we thought we'd have no issues.  However, to play it safe, I attempted to use myvegas credits from Facebook on a room upgrade, only to discover they had none available (so much for 6 weeks of constantly playing fake video slots).  Nevertheless, I figured we'd be able to get something. . . Unfortunately, upon arrival, we were told they had no upgrades available.  The best they could do was a strip view and a $30 beverage credit.  Firstly, our strip view room was right at the elevator, which was nice because it saved us long walks to our room, but if you know the MGM Grand Tower, that also meant that our strip view was partially obstructed by a giant green wall.  As for the $30 beverage credit - outside of beer, you can't get a drink at the MGM for less than $15.  If you want one of those large frozen drinks or the yards, which is what we got, it was more like 1.5 drinks.  So MGM did a pretty poor job of making us feel pampered or making my girlfriend's first trip and birthday something special.. . That said, the reason why this was somewhat our fault was because we chose a weekend that was the grand opening of the West Republic season (their Ultra Pool party) and the grand opening of their new nightclub/lounge/restaurant, Hakassan.  So, they were booked, and the lack of upgrades was mostly due to that.  That said, I think they could have come up with something besides 1.5 drinks.  Maybe passes to wet republic so we wouldn't have to spend $50 to get in, or passes to Hakassan so we wouldn't have to spend $75 - and Vegas, when you're starting to charge $75 just to get into your nightclubs, you've officially stopped caring about everyone but the wealthy.. . Okay, complaints aside, the MGM itself is a great place to stay.  Rooms were moderately priced and very comfortable.  The walls are paper thin, so that is a drawback.  But they are spacious and well kept.  The casino floor is huge, with plenty of games.  I was a bit surprised that on a Monday night, with lots of open tables, we couldn't find a $5 min craps table, but that wasn't the end of the world.  The pool (the main pool, not wet republic) is spacious, relaxing, and a good time.  We had problems with service at the pool - the server seemed to only come around every 15 minutes, which doesn't sound like a lot, but we asked for a drink menu and didn't get it for 15 minutes, and then when we ordered, it was another 15.  Its one thing to only circle your station every 15 minutes, but you should really bring your customers what they asked for a bit faster.. . We didn't eat inside the MGM except for one morning at the breakfast buffet, which is mediocre and actually made my girlfriend sick.  There are better buffets.  That said, we didn't eat at the MGM only because we did a lot of research and found other restaurants we wanted to check out, so that isn't a knock on the MGM restaurants.  They could be awesome, we just wanted to check some of the best ones reviewed here and on tripadvisor.. . So all of this said, why am I giving it 4 stars?  It looks like I have a lot of complaints.  The thing is though, when I think about my stay, we had a fantastic time.  We liked the room, we liked the casino, we liked the resort, and I would repeat the trip in a second.  So while I want to give a complete picture, in the end, the things that went wrong were really minor in the gran scheme of things.  The staff at the MGM is really friendly.  Checking in and out was easy.  It was just a tremendous amount of fun, and the issues at MGM didn't detract all that much from the experience.  Like I said above, I would like to give it 3.5, but I can't, and my experience was better than a 3.  Without these issues, it would have gotten a 5.
Hotel was very nice! Our first time in Vegas and enjoyed everything it had! Wolfgang Pucks is a must go!!! Enjoyed checking out the media promos for the Mayweather/Guerrero fight Sat night. Overall had a nice stay at the hotel.
First time in Vegas and we got the MGM Grand.  The lobby was bustling when we got there.  Many people there were commenting that this was busier than usual.  I am assuming because it was Cinco de Mayo. The concierge desk is professional and outgoing.  Never a dull moment in the casino, at the food court or even on our way up to the room in the elevator!. . The reason for four stars instead of five... room 8-419.  I called it "the room that was bangin'."  You get my drift.  It was funny at first but they were just loud and we even saw people roll their eyes.  Also, across the hallway, some guys decided it would be a great idea to smoke many bowls each night because all of the fumes went into the hall.. . Regardless of those two things, it was a great time.  We were across the hallway from the other people in our group which was super convenient.  Checking out was simple: You had your option of TV, internet or phone (via text message).. . I look forward to coming back to the MGM Grand next time I'm in town!
The rooms are very swanky, although not very large. The hallway can be a very funny thing if you have a bit much to drink. Once we got off the elevator and looked down the hall, then at our room number, we knew it would be a long trek. The room numbers started at 400 and our room number was 536. We thought perhaps there was a mirror at the end of the hallway because it appeared to go on forever, but we were wrong. The hallway does indeed go on forever. Once you finally get to your room, be prepared to see a nice modern little space. There is enough seating for perhaps 4 people to be comfortable...or perhaps 10 very drunk and happy people who don't mind standing on the bed or in the closet and in other various places in the room. The beds are very comfortable and the blackout curtains are among the best I've come across in Vegas hotels. Not an ounce of light leaks into the room. Room service will cost you your first born. We ordered breakfast for 2 with coffee and it was over $70. Other than that, it is a great and fun place to stay.
Taking everything into account, I guess I round up to 4 stars. I would think 3.5 would be ideal. Staff at this hotel is very friendly and courteous. We were always being talked to and felt very welcome. The place was "Super" crowded when we were there. I am not sure if this is the norm or what, but damn. We had to wait in line about 30 minutes to check in which is crazy to me. Once checked in, we had to go check our bags at bell desk because there were no rooms ready and would not be until about 3 hrs from when we checked in. Once our room was finally ready, we picked up our bags and went up to the room.. . The rooms are nice and have been updated recently. They have all the amenities needed including desk, chairs, flat screen, nice carpet and a very comfortable bed which is big in my book. The pillows were not very good though in my opinion. I think they were feather pillows and offered no support. You just sunk into them and ended up laying flat. Housekeeping was very nice and they did a good job cleaning and restocking our room. For the price we paid I thought we got a nice room.. . The only issue I have with this hotel is how crowded it was and also how big it is. From our room to the front of the hotel to go out on the strip was easy 1/2 mile walk. . Add to that the throngs of people and it made it very difficult to go out and do anything.. You had to face the giant walk and also fight the crowds to get through. We went to many other hotels and casinos while in town and this was by far the most crowded and hardest to move around we visited. Next time we come, I may try to find something a little less packed and better laid out than this location. But, they have everything you need and are close to airport which saves on cab fare. I would stay here again, but I will definitely have to think about it.
Nicely furnished room - modern and stylish. Spacious and trendy too. But don't put anything in the mini bar fridge or you'll get a $20 charge.
The room was nice, we were in the new suites, however. The pool is amazing - love the lazy river!  The downside to staying here is that the parking garage is so far away from where you check in and get to the rooms; let alone how far it is from the strip! It took us about 15 minutes to get from our room in the Grand Tower to the bridges to get to either the Tropicana or NYNY - and we are quick walkers.
It's taken almost a year to write this review not for lack of wanting to, but for the sheer fact I have so much to write.  I will keep it to the point despite the fact I want to get into the smallest of details.. . I attended a health & fitness conference at MGM in June and it was the perfect setting.  All the walking to and from the convention/conference areas is quite the workout and you get to explore different parts of the hotel and casino.  The weather was great - low 100s - dry heat.  The dry heat was great and this is coming from someone who grew up and lives in the Pacific Northwest. It only took me a couple hours to acclimate but then I was fine.  . . I shared my room with 3 other gals - big mistake, don't do it unless you are related; Hormone overload and different opinions on how to keep & share a room and courtesy among other things.  I'm sure 4 guys can get a long just fine - different dynamics, I guess.  Anyway, I still like my former roomies, but will only room with one of them again. :)  The rooms are big enough for 4 adults but I would keep it to 2-3.  Plenty of storage and you can reserve a fridge - we brought collapsible coolers that fit nicely in our luggage instead of paying $25 per day for a fridge. . . Beds were comfy and we were in one of the newly renovated rooms.  Very nice! The bathroom was spacious, well ventilated, and nicely decorated.  We had some trouble with our key cards working but just gave it a few more tries.  Also the door didn't close all the way, so make sure you shut it behind you.  . . Pros: . *Huge - A city within itself. *Comfy rooms. *Nice views. *Everything you need from toiletries to coffee to meals is just downstairs from your room. *Lots to do - people watching is also fun. *Variety of restaurants from fast food to high end. *Pool and Cabanas. *Fitness Center. *Literally next to M&M World and Coca Cola World among other hot spots. *Near drug stores - Go to Walgreens for .99 gallons of water, food (they even had fresh items), inexpensive souvenirs, and cash back at the register (I don't use ATMs to draw money, I go to Walgreens, as needed to avoid fees).  CVS and ABC stores are also nearby, too.   . . Cons:. *Crazy expensive snack/toiletry shop by the elevators - I needed bandages and they were expensive.  Go to Walgreens, CVS, ABC, etc, if you can.  Might still be spendy but a little better priced than the MGM shop.  The gift store might be another story, I didn't check there for bandages. You could probably go to concierge or the front desk for one bandage, if needed.  I usually carry my own but ran out. :). *Distance from room to conference/convention area was far especially if you want to shower and change after a group workout and head to a workshop in time.  Stay at the Signature - It is closer to the conference areas - if distance, showering, and punctuality is important to you.  Plus the Signature has a kitchenette! :) . *Walking through cigarette smoke to and from workouts and workshops - this was a health & fitness conference and second hand smoke should be avoided.. *Some of the food spots inside MGM (fast food, dessert, quick bites) close down early! That's kind of crazy in this 24/7 city.  They should stay open later.  You can always venture out to the Food Court outside/right next door to MGM to see what's cooking.  PF Chang's is also within walking distance from the hotel. . . I love MGM and this was my second stay and I will definitely return.  The front desk staff were awesome and sociable during our interactions.  I miss seeing the lions but I hope they are doing well. One of my fave hotels in Vegas hands down, plus it looks pretty snazzy at night.
Just stayed here and it was great. The beds were very comfy and we loved the Lazy River. I don't think this would be a good place for kids though. I think The Flamingo is great for kids and they have a fun pool too with slides. MGM is the Party scene! We went out for my sisters B-day and it was great, we booked through Vegas.com and they gave us a $75 food and beverage voucher with our room which went pretty fast but was still cool that they gave that. No complaints and good proximity to other clubs/ hotels on the strip. I am glad they took the lions out...it didn't seem they were happy. The club they put in their place we didn't go to but it looked really cook, maybe next time.
4 1/2 stars. . . Back in 2010 I was expanding my business to the Vegas area and dating someone who lived in Vegas. I damn near lived at the MGM Grand (My hostess actually calls it my home hotel). In total I've stayed here roughly 35 times. . . Let's start with location - Right on the strip in Vegas. It's a little on the South end of the strip so if you like strolling the strip it will e quite a walk to Caesar's and the Mall. However, the tram that runs up and down the strip has a stop inside the MGM. USE THE TRAM IN THE SUMMER! Don't kill yourself trying to walk the strip. . . Rooms - Rooms were recently upgraded. Very nicely, in fact. It's been awhile since I've stayed in a standard room so I have no idea what they are like. But if you can, find a deal online and get a suite or room with a jacuzzi. I promise it will be worth it. Sign up for the e-mail list... GREAT DEALS!. . Staff?Service - It's Vegas and it the MGM Grand, so of course service is first class. Anytime you need anything someone is there to help you with a smile. Waiters especially are super friendly. If you sign up for their VIP club "Prima" there are some great benefits like upgrades, express check in/out, limo from airport or around town. Prima's great if you go to Vegas at least 4 times a year. Otherwise, it might not be worth it. . . Casino - I don't gamble much and I hate smoke (this is a downside of Las Vegas), so I don't spend much time on the casino floor. Like every casino hotel it's a bit of a maze, but that intentional to keep people on the floor. It won't be better anywhere else. I do play a bit of high stakes poker. My hostess is always good about getting me into private games and making sure. I love her for that. . . Clubs - Tabu is the hot spot here, but I don't feel go for it often. What I do love is the pool club - Wet Republic. So much fun! It's a day club, so being your sunscreen. . . Restaurants - Never a bad meal. In fact,some of the best meals of my life. I will review the restaurants separately. . . Overall I love the MGM Grand. It's that perfect blend of old and new for me. Not so classic or old school as the Bellagio, but not so yuppie/euro riche as the Wynn. Plus, if you like Boxing or UFC/MMA all the best bouts are that the arena in the MGM.
Valet was horrible. Rude staff and always expected a tip. I told the kid on one occasion that I didn't have any cash on me and would hook him up when I came back in. He didn't say anything, shook his head and walked away. I decided to do self park as they weren't worth my time. I work as a Valet in Phoenix and was disapointed, thats saying something. Hotel was great though, lots of choices for restaurants, comfortable, great atmosphere, casino was great, very clean, friendly staff overall. Staying in a Grand King room in the new Grand Tower. Water shuttle off for about an hour for some emergency but was no big deal at the time.
MGM Grand is a nice Hotel to stay at and has great deals, but the first floor of the hotel smells like Old Lady's perfume mixed with cigarettes! ahahaha Sorry just had to say it.
I was able to secure a discounted rate by being an Mlife member.  We stayed in one of the new Wellness rooms.. . Overall, the resort is very nice with a lot to offer.  Excellent restaurants (hello Joel Rubichon!), nightlife (new Hakkasan club), daytime activities (Wet Republic) and great gaming.  You can go to Las Vegas and never leave the MGM property and have a fantastic time.. . Check in, luggage handling, check out, and storing our luggage before we left was all very smooth.. . Unfortunately, I don't feel the Wellness aspect was explained very clearly (and staff - housekeeping, front desk, bellman -could not describe either) so I don't really know what exactly I paid extra for other than the awesome scent cube in the room that made the room smell wonderful.. . Also, upon check in we had a couple of housekeeping issues - bathtub was not thoroughly cleaned and there were stained sheets (not what you're thinking).  Overall, these were minor issues that were promptly remedied by Housekeeping.. . Overall, I would recommend, but I would also love to try some of the newer hotels as well.
Clean room, nice staff, comfy bed. Location is all right, but the hotel is huge, so walking can be a pain. And I dont know about other rooms, but I stayed in a room with a single king size, and the bathroom doors were made if tinted glass,.. Which looks goos, but you couldnt lock them and you werent  totally private when you were using the bathroom. I guess it doesnt matter if you are with a girl/boyfriend, but maybe with family.. . But besides that, thumbs up!
The MGM Grand was wonderful. The casino is a little smokey but the rooms are very nice and cozy. I would describe our room as very modern and functional. The room came complete with a "black out" screen over the window that was great for a hangover or anyone with a desire to take a quick nap in the afternoon. OH AND THE BEDS! The beds are great, they make you never want to leave the room. The beds there are so comfortable they sell them at the giftshop in the entrance and believe me by the time you leave you'll want to buy one of them while you exit.. . The airconditioning on our floor was ice cold (great for the weekend I came, because it was 125 degrees outside at one point) and the rooms were stocked with toiletries and fresh towels. The maids were courteous, they never once came barging in.. . The pools are great! There are so many of them (and Steve Aoki currently has a residency at the MGM Grand so he plays by the pool during the day) and the bars by the pool were kind enough to provide us with free water refills. My only compliant was the water in the lazy river pool was a little dirty.. . Lastly the breakfast buffet I went to at the MGM was okay, instead of self-service on drinks like water and coffee there were waiters. The food was pretty good but not great. The MGM Grand was a great place to stay and I would definitely recommend it.
We had a great time gambling here. They have an old horse racing machine that is fun to play for hours without spending a lot of money. Leilani was our cocktail waitress and by far the best I have ever met. She was fast with the drinks and has an amazing personality.  Next time I visit I will be sure to sit wherever she is working.
MGM is a nice place to stay while in Las Vegas.  My wife was the winner of 2 tickets to the ACM's last April.  The package included flight as well as hotel.  We were put up in the MGM Grand and it was a great place to stay.. . The lobby is HUGE with many places to check in/out.  From the lobby you can head downstairs to exit the casino, you can head north and run into a HUGE game floor loaded with tables and slots.  . . The room was awesome.  The bed was extremely comfortable and allowed us to sleep like a baby.  The bathroom was spacious with plenty of aminities. So far this has been one of the nicer rooms we've had while in Vegas.. . MGM has TONS of pools.  We layed down at the first pool we ran into, then I noticed some signs pointing in other directions.  After some brief investigating, I found about 5 other pools!! I was shocked!! I grabbed my wife and we layed at a different pool which was pretty empty and had complete exposure to the sun.  . . We didn't eat much while here, but there is TONS of food options around here.  Careful though, if you're on a budget, you just might end up hearing a nightly special which is a full course dinner for $200 per person.  WHOA!! . . I would like to point out that if you're a tall person, the seating in the grand gardens is VERY tight.  Not only is the seating narrow, there's nowhere for your knees to go.  I'm pretty sure they were thiking more about quantity vs quality of seating.  I mean, I did make it through a total of 6 hour of sitting in there, and I WAS DONE by the end.  . . The only set back is that it's a bit south on the strip.  Granted, it's not Mandalay Bay type of south, but it's a ways down there.. . We enjoyed our stay, we enjoyed the helpful staff, and we enjoyed the overall experience that MGM had to offer.
drunk gurls after the clubs are best found here!!
My husband and I booked this room for two nights. (Monday and Tuesday) Before coming, I read plenty of reviews on Yelp and Expedia and knew that check in and check out COULD have been a nightmare! You have to expect this from a hotel that has over 6,000 rooms! We went with a plan. Instead of arriving at the usual check out time of 3, we arrived around 1:00. The line was not very long to check in during this time because we beat the check out crowd at 11 and check in crowd at 3. We bit the bullet and paid the $20 extra fee for early check in. Our whole check in time took about 20 minutes. Not very long compared to the 45 minutes that I've read on here! We were surprised by the $100 deposit fee for each night's stay, but once again it seems to be the norm here if you are staying on the Vegas strip. . . We arrived at our room and loved the layout and all the features it offered. We're not a fan of hotel pillows (too soft) so we brought our own. We loved our very comfortable king size bed. I especially loved the lamps on the nightstands because they had electric plug access. It made our phones easy to charge each night. Our view was looking towards the foothills and pool area. Still very pretty at night. The bathroom was spacious with a beautiful mirror. It served it's purpose for us. In my opinion, the BEST part of this hotel room was the blackout shades. With these down the first night there, my husband and I slept in till 11:00! We didn't even realize it was that late because the room was pitch black! We were exhausted from our ride there. . . Our room was cleaned and restocked with fresh towels on the day that we we were there. They also changed the linens and redid the bed. Loved how clean and fresh the room was. . . On check-out day, we opted to check out early at 9:00. Once again, we wanted to beat the crowd. We called the bellhop to come get our luggage and it literally only took them 10 minutes to get up to our room and collect our belongings. Our check out time didn't take long at all. 10 minutes max! When we went out to valet to pick up our car, the bellhop was already out there waiting for us. . . Overall, we had a GREAT experience at the MGM. It is called the MGM GRAND for a reason, it's MASSIVE, so be prepared to walk! . . PROS:. . *great rooms at a fair price (we got a king for 75/night). *modern decor was aesthetically pleasing. *room shades. *clean. *good location (at the beginning of strip making it easy to get in and out of). *you can call valet ahead of time if you are guest at the hotel and when you get down to pick up your car, you will be placed ahead of other guests - this was extremely helpful! . *very attentive staff. *many restaurants to choose from . . . CONS:. . *pools are crowded and offers little shade. *it can get really crowded and busy because it is such a huge hotel . *layout of hotel (most restaurants and pool is on the other side of hotel). *weak WI-FI signal, if you want stronger, you have to pay an extra $15. *$25 resort fee to use the "cardio center" (we never saw this as we didn't care about working out on our vacation!), a daily newspaper, incoming and outgoing calls (big BOO for this)
The MGM was a sight for sore eyes after staying at a dive on Fremont the night before.  Lets start with location, which is at the beginning of the strip.  Its an optimal location if you intend on driving or taking a cab to another location because the street in front of the exit is not filled with boozed up idiots that can't figure out how to negotiate walking down the street and staying out of the drive ways.  . We got to the casino and the valet staff was accommodating and nice.  Check in was a breeze because they actually have 10 to 12 people checking you in.  . Our room was fantastic for the price we paid.  Comfortable bed, new carpet, bathroom that was totally upscale and appealing to the eyes.  Our view was of the mountain range rather than the strip, but I prefer that.  You can see the planes coming in and out of the airport.  The best part of the room was the shades, one which was sheer and would drown out a little light.  The other would black out the entire room even during the day.  They are quiet and cozy and perfect for relaxing after walking your butt off all day.. The hotel has many amenities and you would really never have to leave the place if you didnt want to.  Just remember EVERYTHING in there is expensive.  So bring your own water and be prepared to get raped by starbucks lol.. . PROs:  . Location. Amenities. Helpful staff. Price for the room. Shows. Late night restaurants. . . CONs:. "resort fee" $25 a night for a "cardio room" and news paper (stupid). Pool area is over crowded and has no shade, unless you want to pay 400 bucks a day for a cabana.  . Over crowding: with 6000 plus rooms, this place can get really packed and it makes the experience a lot less enjoyable when fighting that many people.  . Overpriced items like water. No refrigerator (unless you want to pay a 50 dollar re-stocking fee)
I loved my stay at the MGM Grand!!! My husband and I were there from June 14-19 which was Friday-Wednesday. It was definitely enough time to see Vegas, and some of our group left on Monday or Tuesday due to their schedules and they had a great time in those few days! I had never been to Las Vegas before so I have no other Vegas experiences to compare it to, but it was amazing! I cannot wait to go back. My husband and I went to Vegas for his birthday celebration and I had been planning our trip for months. We heard great things about the MGM and decided it would be a great place for our entire group to stay (we had about 15 family members and friends flying in from all over the country). My parents stayed even longer than we did and they rented a car for the week, which was great. We took it to go off the strip for dinner a couple times and to visit Fremont Street (not the best place, I went during the day but heard it's more fun at night). There is also a Haufbrau (spelling?) House, a German beer/food place off the strip that my husband enjoyed going to! Here are the pros and cons of the MGM:. . Pros:. *Lots of restaurants - we went to Rainforest Cafe, The Pub, McDonalds, the place next to McDonalds that had Krispy Kreme donuts (yum), the pizza place in the basement, the crepe place (delicious), and Diego.. *Great location - south end of the strip but not all the way down the strip, still close to NYNY, Walgreens, etc.. *Close to the airport. *Check in at the airport is available to skip the lines at hotel. *Huge hotel, tons to do!. *Good breakfast buffet, I went one time. *Convenience store by elevators, has everything you need!. *Elevators are fast (we used the ones behind a set of glass doors, go past the elevators in your wing on the ground level, they are even quicker and no lines!). *Pools are amazing!! 5 pools total, lazy river, and outdoor pool club. *Clean rooms. *Blackout shade in your room! Woo hoo!. *Nice amenities in the room and bathroom. *Huge casino. *Cirque de Soilel show (Ka) that we has tickets to was right in the hotel, which was great!. *Monorail is accessible from inside the hotel, which was awesome. . Cons:. *I was not treated nicely at Wet Republic (staff was incredibly rude to me). *There is practically no shade at the pools, get there super early if you want shade!. *Lazy river was full of drunks, it was a little off-putting and felt like a cheap spring break in college. *You have to walk A LOT! Huge hotel.. *Long line to check out of hotel (we opted for the express check out). *Valet parking took over 35 minutes to get our car on the day we were leaving for the airport. We had called ahead, too, but it still took that long! That was unusual compared to the rest of the week, but it happened on the worst possible day when we needed the car!. *Wi fi is horrible at the hotel. *TV in two of our friends' rooms stopped working numerous times. *The rooms smell pretty bad, not sure why. *Sometimes the room had not been cleaned by the afternoon hours, but it is a big hotel so that is understandable. . Two tips: Do not move anything in the mini fridge, they come to check daily to see if you opened something. Luckily they did not charge us even though we were curious about all of the items!. . If you are traveling with four people and staying in one room, only book the room under two names instead of four. You can ask for four room keys and then you solve the problem of getting everyone into the pool (everyone needs a key), while also saving money on the daily hotel charges for each person. I am not saying that we did this.... Just a tip.
Booked 2 rooms in March for July, still couldn't be accommodated to have them connecting. Check In was a nightmare, even as an M Life rewards member. Room nice, beds comfortable, showers shower. It was an overall dry experience staying at the MGM, luckily my travel companions made the trip fun and exciting because nothing at the MGM really impressed me
Remodeled MGM is beautiful! . . I love the new modern, flower-like theme they have going on. Everything looked amazing and smelled amazing! Make sense why everyone wants to stay here now as they have a new club Hakkasan and the rates were dramatically lower than THE Hotel at Manadalay, granted it was a monday. It was packed with people still on a monday though, so you know MGM is coming back with a bang! . . Loving there restroom mirrors, my friends and i all want one in our own house! . We loved how light surrounds the mirror , this helps a lot in making ourselves look good for the rest of the night!
The moment you walk in it smells amazing! I loved the MGM's signature smell. We stayed in the Grand Tower, our room was neat, clean, and looked great. The restroom was clean, and looked fairly new. Whatever you do, don't remove the drinks that are in the refrigerator, not even to take a picture because the fridge has a timer. Overall, it was a great experience, Jason checked us out, he was very pleasant and friendly.
Let me start by saying upon arrival i had already had it with the mgm. Upon arrival, my family and I exited a taxi and there were 2 bell guys standing there. One went off to help another car AWAY from them and the 2nd guy vanished. That was strike 1! HOW RUDE! Myself and the taxi guy unloaded our things onto the cart. Some guy by the name of Ted or Tez or something like that came and helped and apologized for the 2 rude guys. He was nice. . . Even though the check in line was long, i was able to get a quick check in due to being a vip member which sort of made me feel better however, the 2nd strike came when i arrived to my room. The TV was not working. This held us up from going to the pool. However they made it up to me by allowing me to check out at 1pm. . . This hotel is really nice and i love that they have so many pools and jacuzzis. This is a party hotel and not kid friendly. The rooms, hallways, and bathrooms are nice. I will stay here again! Just don't be rude as i arrive mgm guest!
MGM Grand is the definition of a mega-resort, offering everything under one roof - and boy is it a big roof. A recent stay at MGM Grand proved to be comfortable, yet inconvenient at the same time. Let me explain. MGM is massive - the advantage is that everything that you could possibly want is under one roof - nightlife (Hakkasan), day club (Wet Republic), pool, spa, high end dining (Joel Robuchon), shows (KA, David Copperfield), etc. The disadvantage is that walking distances can be... well... a pain. It may be a small gripe, but the inconvenience does add up. . . Tip: If you're staying at MGM, be sure to ask for a room next to the elevator - this will save you from having to walk a great distance just to get to your room (and will save you the walk when you want to get ice). . . The newly renovated rooms are nice - they have a clean, modern look to them. One drawback to the newly renovated room is that the in-room technology is not quite up to the newer resorts on the strip - you can't control lighting, blinds, etc from the TV a la Aria. The newly renovated rooms do have automated blind controls, but for some reason, there is only one switch, and it is located near the window, which means that if you want to open the windows, you'll have to walk over to the window to do so (again, just a minor inconvenience, but what's the point of automation if you still have to walk over to do it)?. . Overall, MGM's a good option for the south strip - just remember to bring some comfortable walking shoes. . . Tip: The Starbucks next to the coffee shop (Avenue 24) is the most expensive Starbucks I have ever seen - $4.50 for a grande Americano... and they don't take Starbucks gift cards... avoid it like the plague... unless you have Express Comps to burn through mLife.
I went here with my boyfriend and his family a few weeks ago. We had good service here but we didn't like the price. When we went down to see the lion exhibit when my boyfriend threw up in the elevator. I told an empolyee what happened and they asked me if a little kid did it. I thought that was kind of personal because I had to tell them that my 28 year boyfriend did it. But later that night my boyfriend took me for a stroll. We had a wonderful stroll and he poped the big question "will you marry me". WE ARE ENGAGED NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel gave us a coupon for a nearby restrant because of our engagment.
mgm geand garden arena ufc 162 silva vs weidman . vegas. !! baby with the whole fam damly
This resort is HUGE.  One of the nice things is  that even though people smoke in the casinos, you don't notice it.  They must have really good ventilation systems.  We checked in around 9pm, and the wait was about 15 minutes, but the line moved along pretty efficiently.  . . The hotel room was HUGE.  It was awesome.  The room also had an option of the shade curtain or the dark curtain, which are both controlled by buttons on the wall.  Let me tell you, the dark curtain will completely black out the room and you will sleep for forever.  The bathroom is really large as well, but not too fancy.  The hotel also had wi-fi included with the $25/DAY resort fee.. . The 4 pools and lazy river are pretty awesome, but fill quickly.  And if you go during the summer, there will be children EVERYWHERE, which is really annoying.  They do have 1 tiny adults only pool, but it's the farthest away from the resort.  The lazy river is great, but kind of dirty with leaves, and you have to pay for an inner tube, unless you want to rent a cabana for a ridiculous amount of money.  The prices of the pool drinks and food are ridiculous, however if you walk up to the bar yourself, you instantly get up to $5 off.  Just walk to Fat Tuesday on the 1st level by the parking garage and get a cheaper drink and take it with you.  . . Overall, great stay.  Just be prepared to walk A LOT.
Being that I am not a baller (not even close), this is my favorite hotel, for the cost. . For me, the most important thing about a Vegas hotel is the pool and the MGM has a great one! I am all about 3 things here: . 1) The lazy river. 2) A Coors light in hand as I am tubing around the Lazy river. 3) Napping away my hangover on my tube in the Lazy river. Can you tell that I am all about their lazy river?? . My other favorite thing is that they got rid of the Sky Screamer. I try to fulfill most dares and this is not one I ever wanted to do - and now I don't have to. . I also think the rooms are really nice and we've never had an issue with noise. . I am a huge fan of their Rain Forest Cafe and feel their Cobb salad is probably the biggest I've ever gotten. . Being a cat lover, I can also totally appreciate the cat sanctuary. If only they'd let me in it to feed the lions!! . Even when we haven't stayed at the MGM, we've always made a point to go to their club Studio 54. I don't know if it's the multiple levels or acrobats coming down from the ceiling or just the familiarity, but it's my favorite club. . The buffet here is as good as any of the other hotels, just a little cheaper than the new 5 and 6 star ones popping up. . You can catch the monorail from the MGM all the way to the north end of the strip or cross the overpass and catch another one that heads south, ending at the Mandalay Bay. . This hotel is family friendly and always has good deals. It's a win-win, even if you don't win on the gaming floor!
I stayed here this past weekend. 3.5 stars overall. Got a good deal on the room so it was a nice stay.. . Yay:. -Housekeeping: was very polite and the room was kept clean.. . Nay:. -Our bathroom sink kept getting clogged.  After we called to get it serviced the second day, it was a lot better.
Staying here for a buddies bachelor party. The rooms are all remodeled and the interior is brand new. It reminds me of a W hotel. We are on the 24 with the view of aria,Cosmo,planet Hollywood and Hilton. The only reason it's not five stars because the cab line is always Long at night so we have to wait a Long time to get where are we going.
Alles in allem ein tolles Hotel, wirklich netter und zuvorkommender Service und die neuen Zimmer sind richtig gut gelungen. Das Casino ist naturlich riesig, aber die anderen Hotels am Strip stehen dem in Nichts nach.. Die Poolanlagen, insbesondere der Lazy River, verspruhen sowohl entspanntes Sonnen, als auch Partylaune. Am Wochenende ist der Lazy River gut gefullt und die meist jungen Leute machen den Tag schon zur Party. . Das Fruhstucksbuffet war gut. Vll hatte hier ein bisschen mehr Abwechselung nicht geschadet fur einen Preis von circa 15 pro Person (alle Getranke inklusive).. . Wir wurden definitiv wieder kommen und vermissen LV jetzt schon;-)
Love the remodel done here ! Best nightlife in the world !
i stayed at the mgm grand august 17th through the 21st. i loved this hotel! we had a king sized suite and the room was very spacious, clean, and up to date. our air conditioning didn't seem to get very cold but it was cold enough. i only have 2 small complaints, one being that there was something dried and crusty on the sheets. needless to say, i slept on top of the blankets but the beds were very comfortable! my second complaint it about the water in the shower. we couldn't seem to regulate the temperature. it was either scalding hot or freezing cold. i would definitely stay at this hotel again. i would also recommend others to go here! their pools are awesome and they have many places to eat and lots to do. you honestly don't even have to leave the resort. we are 23 and 24 and there were lots of other guests around the same age as us. if you are in your twenties or early thirties this is the place to stay!
Located on the Southern end of the famous LV Strip!. . Well I certainly will not pretend I know everything about this hotel, but I shall give you my "2 cents"... hope them pockets are deep! Kidding of course!. . I've always enjoyed this hotel. While being disabled I found the walk across their large casino to get to Studio 54 proved quite challenging (especially when I forgot my tickets one time) I can still admit to being a pretty big fan of this casino/hotel.. . They have many pools available... including at least one that features a club.. . They have many awesome restaurants for any budget... I highly recommend checking out Project Pie!. . There is a "Fat Tuesdays" available there and that's a big "hell yeah" and tradition for me = Alcoholic Slushies!. . They have many types of entertainment... not just gambling and clubs, but also comedians, magicians, Cirque du Soleil shows, Boxing Matches, bands, MMA Matches, and so much more.. . There is a monorail stop to take you to other hotels which is nice.. . The rooms proved both spacious and comfortable. They offer many types of rooms for all budgets!. . The staff is extremely nice.... In all positions. Their large front desk has a lot of people working so checking in/out should move pretty quickly!. . They are located right near many other great hotels as well.. . I will say there's not a whole lot other than some of the entertainment to really entertaining the kiddies, but I guess it all depends on where their interest lies. NY NY is right across the street which has a great roller coaster and there is also jousting nearby at Excalibur (Tournament of Kings which includes dinner.). . I guess my only issue... and I'm willing to admit that it's my own fault for not doing more investigation is that Studio 54's clientele for the most part looked like they could have gone to the original Studio 54 in NYC. I felt really out of place there... oh well nothing a little alcohol couldn't assist with right?. . I would have no qualms about staying here again!
Free self-parking, central to the strip and right off of Tropicana and I-15.  What's not to love?  (Just don't tell we were in it for the parking... didn't stay at the hotel.)
Wowzers!  I freaking LOVE this place.  Just spent Labor Day weekend here and had an awesome time.. . Pros:. 1.) Smells heavenly.. 2.) They upgraded our room during a holiday weekend (so extra points for accommodating us). 3.) Won a few hundred here (score). 4.) The bed was sooooo comfortable, firm but soft.. 5.) Modern rooms (attached a few pics).. 6.) Tons of restaurants here, if you want cheap restaurants, you want expensive restaurants they have it.. 7.) Shopping (even though I didn't, but could tell tons of the women were enjoying it). 8.) Lots of cute chicks here.. 9.) One of the best clubs in Vegas (Hakkasan) even though we didn't go and decided to go to a WAY better club in my opinion, XS at Wynn (AMAZING CLUB).. 10.) Its close to the airport (taxi ride was $10.50). 11.) McDonald's and Nathan's were open till 3:50am late night munchies after partying.. 12.) And the most important pro, they have the best pool scene.  If you want an exclusive pool party were you have to spend $50-$100 to get in, you can go to Wet Republic (which I've been to), BUT, for a free and even BETTER time, you can go to the Grand Pool Complex at MGM (the general pool) which has a lazy river and have an awesome time.  The pool scene is kind of slow from 9-11am, but the best sets get taken quick, so get there early to lock it down, but by 1-3pm, the party is rocking and you get all the music from Wet Republic.  By 4-5, your partying and meeting tons of fun and cool random people along the lazy river.  YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED.  Just make sure to down a few energizers from the bars (there $20), after 3, the place was off the hook.  . . Cons:. 1.) Check in here sucks.  The line wasn't an issue for us, we must have waited 3 minutes at most.  The real issue was that we had to wait till 3pm to get our room, even though we were willing to pay the early check in fee of $30. (-.5 star). 2.) No cable service the whole stay and to make matters worse we called the front desk but no one came to fix it.  But to be fair, they did give us a discount, so no negative stars.. . Overall, I love it here, its not the newest hotel, but they did a great job with their renovation.  I'll be back next year!
Okay so I gambled here a few times during my trip and the casino is very well kept and amazing in grandeur. It adds to the jaw dropping exp0erience you expect from the tourist trap that is the Las Vegas Strip. I really enjoyed all the sights and sounds of this place and the guest service I received from people directing me to the ticket counters and the parking structure. I met first class employees all around in my book. I definitely will have to return and stay here and maybe catch a fight.
The bed is amazing along with the big pillows. We stayed in the grand tower and had a decent view, reasonably priced. We especially enjoyed the blackout screen on the windows. Two buttons and it's black as night, even during the day.
I love you, MGM. Your bars, your casinos... all except your attitude about electronic cigarettes. Really? You can smoke openly but you're weird about vaping in bars? It shouldn't have taken 20 minutes to explain that it wasn't a crack pipe.. . Rooms are fantastic and everyone was really helpful otherwise. The front desk staff upgraded us just for the hell of it. Room service was totally understanding about my 3am drunken need for buffalo wings and the cocktails are perfect!
The MGM Grand is my "go to" hotel in Vegas. I've been to a few others and have always enjoyed this hotel. Good mixed crowd, accommodating staff and service is great! For the first time I actually went out to the pool and was blown away with the "view." The restaurants are good and there's a variety for any price point. The only downside I'll say is the quality of their buffet has gone down. Something to work on?
I never stayed at the MGM Grand but have stayed at other properties including the Signature which is literally next door and probably much easier to get in and out of. Since I stayed and used at the Signature, I was able to use MGM Grand's facilities like the pools which are very big and plentiful. They have a lazy river in one pool and a separate pool "dayclub" if you are a party person.  I enjoy the location of this property along with their selection of restaurants and shopping.
In terms of layout this is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas, particularly as it hosts Frozen Fury each year and houses the Joel Robuchon restaurants.  Lacking in shopping and thus depleted of much of the tourists that plague center strip places with pleasant staff, less smoke than many, and decent prices plus convenient monorail access I'm generally quite pleased each time I visit.
Affordable, clean, close to everything, great pool, food court, a few shops, nice casino, and Hakkasan is a great club. Cab ride to the Belagio was around 9$ and $7 shuttle to airport, pretty close to everything!. . Didn't get a chance to see a show but a lot of people told us to see Ka!. . Housekeeping left our room half cleaned one day and our bath tub clogged the next. When we called the front desk they were pretty quick to get people to come up. . . They blast the AC in the casino. We were a group of 4 women in small dresses most of the time and it was freezing. . . The walls are pretty thin, we could hear our neighbor playing music and when we asked him to turn it down it was only playing from his phone. . . Drinks are pretty expensive at the pool, even a regular bottle of dada I water was $5.
Bought a deal to take wide to Vegas for her birthday and he MGM is as great place to stay.   We had a grand king room which was very nice and comfortable and was recently updated.  There are plenty of food choices.  Our hotel deal included two buffets and we went to the champagne brunch buffet which was very good.  We also dined at Craftsteak a nice steakhouse. The food there was a bit pricey but very good.  The pool area is huge and has a lazy river, which is where we camped for a more relaxed atmosphere
After the renovation, I really liked the look of MGM Grand, though I hadn't gotten to see the hotel rooms except the petite king, until now. My mom booked an executive queen room for her trip this week because no other properties had good prices. Having not stayed here before, she wasn't quite sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised when she arrived. She was hesitant to book at this hotel because my aunt had said that she did not like her room. This was because her husband had booked the petite king room and I don't think she was expecting such a small room. The petite suites are pretty small, but they work well for people who aren't in their room often. My mom book the executive queen suite which is spacious. It has 2 queen beds, 2 televisions, a sleeper sofa, and a large bathroom. It easily fits the three of us that are sharing the room. She said that she would consider staying at MGM Grand again now that she knows the rooms are nice.
Stayed at the MGM Grand this June for the Beyonce concert!. . First of all, it is so convenient that they allow you to check in at the terminal in the airport. If you mistakenly wait until you arrive at the hotel to check in, you will understand why. I even left a tip. PLEASE do yourself a favor and check in at the airport.. I had to wait a bit to check in to my room because my room was not available until about 3:30pm. I wasn't very happy about it, but they did me a huge favor andbrought a mini fridge to my room for free as a nice gesture (the room did not come with one).. The resort is huge, and although I could have passed the time walking through the mall, I didn't want to carry my luggage around with me because it was heavy. In the meantime, by friend and I went to eat in the Rainforest Cafe. Came back, checked in to our room, and all was well. I would like to assume most rooms have really good views, and they are pretty spacious. Another poster said that she could smell/hear the people near here, I did not have that experience. I actually didn't hear anything from those near me and they must not have carried about my best friend and I having late night laughing sessions after getting in from the club at 4am.. The lazy river was really amazing! There is a good mix of people- older people who are spending money frivolously and younger people who are ready to party. Bieber was performing at the arena the day I arrived, so of course there were a few teenagers but apparently that is not the norm. . . The small of the lobby is not of hydrangeas and vanilla or anything, but it's not terrible. .  It was my first time in Vegas and the MGM definitely left a great impression.
THANK GOD FOR THE BLACKOUT SHADES! :). . Really enjoyed staying at MGM! Went with the boyfriend during the week.. got a great deal on Expedia--only $5 more per night for the Grand King over the Petite King... definitely get the Grand King room if you get a similar deal.. totally worth it. . . Pros:. - Push a button on the wall and blackout shades come down over the window. Amazing. Felt like a rich person for sure. And made sleeping in 293472398 times better. . - Very spacious room, really comfortable bed. - Updated and chic decor. - Gorgeous bathroom, huge mirror that lit up, spacious shower/tub. - Nice big flat screen with plenty of channels. - Although the hallway seemed noisy, couldn't hear any noise from inside our room. - Easiest check out ever!!  Go down to the lobby, fill out a card with your name and room number, drop it in a box, and you're done. I hear they have an app you can download so you can check out on your phone as well. No waiting in lines!. . Cons:. - Had to do A LOT of walking...took a long time to get from the parking garage to the lobby, then to get to the room, and once you get in the casino it seems like it takes forever to get anywhere. The place is HUGE. . - Even though it was a Wednesday, had to wait a little while at check in. . - There is free Wifi however they don't tell you it's only free for 2 hours. . . Honestly can't think of many things I didn't like about this hotel... We had a great stay and will definitely be going back!
I stayed at the MGM Grand from September 27 - October 2 with my husband. My husband was in town for a conference which was being held at the MGM Conference Center, so that is why we stayed here. We stayed in a standard room with two queen beds (we had friends who came up for a night) that was more than adequately sized. The bathroom is pretty average for a hotel - I must prefer the bathrooms at Aria and Palazzo.. . The hotel is still a maze to get around and you will walk...a lot! The trek from the room elevators to the conference center is long; the walk from the elevators to the pool is long; and the walk to the sports book (especially if you are going from the pool) is long. But it's a good chance to work off all the food and booze! . . The MGM pool complex remains one of my favorite pool areas in Vegas, even if cocktail service is sporadic and slow. At the end of September at 10:30 am it was not hard for me to snag a chairmere steps from the pool. We did not dine at any of the MGM restaurants, but we did have drinks more than once at Whiskey Down (I had several very friendly waitresses there), watched Sunday football at Centrifuge (buckets of beer for $25 and much more comfy than the sports book), and watched several sporting events at the sports book (again I had several nice waitresses there). Taxi lines were non-existent so you walked out the door and into a cab. Plus getting to and from the airport is super easy and around $10-13 depending on traffic. . . As a tip, if you are heading out to walk the Strip or just want to buy cheap beer without paying $8+ for it or gambling, walk to the sports book, make a right, and go out the doors in that area. There is a convenience store when you walk out where you can get $3.50 24 oz cans of beer to take with you while walking. Also it's a good shortcut to get directly onto the Strip.
Like always I am glad to try out new hotels while taking my every 6 months trip to Vegas. And I was very impressed with this tourist trap hotel. The rooms were much bigger than ones I have stayed at in the same area. With a ton of gaming machines I don't find everywhere. I would definitely stay at this place again if were an option.
My girlfriends and I stayed at the MGM Grand - a double queen room, with a sizable bathroom. I've stayed here before, once for my 21st birthday when it was being renovated, and in the Signature Suites in 2011. The latter and this present time were crowded, but the room fit five women with suitcases and lots of hair. The second part of our group stayed higher up, in the 20s, though they had a view of the strip and only three women with lots of hair. Sleeping arrangements were determined prior hand, and though Ms. Bonilla may have been disappointing there was not cuddling, the room did what it was supposed to in Las Vegas - shut out the light and let us sleep. . . I don't always expect the world from a hotel - I want clean white sheets (who doesn't?), clean towels, a working flat screen, and to be left alone. Everything else I can either find or bring myself - and in Las Vegas, you can do both, depending on your desires. Literally. The hotel is large, at one end of the Strip, so you have to walk a lot to get anywhere else, but again - know this prior, and you'll be happily drinking (and eating if that's your thing) to your heart's content. . . I was. And then I went upstairs to my room, and slept it off. Or go to the pool. That one is amazing, and one of the best on the Strip.
This was our first time here in Vegas so we decided to stay at the MGM as I heard it was in the middle of the strip.  Well its not but it wasn't too far from other hotels/casinos.  We walked in and I agree with the other reviews that there is an the old lady perfume smell in the hotel but it wasn't overbearing.  We checked in pretty quick and were able to get an upgrade to our room.  We stayed in the main hotel which was nice.  The room was really big and clean.  We had a nice view of Las Vegas including the mountains.  This hotel is very HUGE so ask questions if you can not find anything as the staff here are very helpful.  There were a few Starbucks in this hotel which was a score as there is not a coffee maker in the room!  The resort fees gave you access to their gym which is only the "cardio room".  In order to use the other gym you have to pay $10/day.  We also saw KA in this hotel.  MGM had everything we needed.  We enjoyed our time  here.  This hotel does get really busy.
The pool is great and clean. Staff is awesome...Halls are long. Saw someone passed out in their own puke
I like this hotel a lot! Way better than what I've experienced at my last two visits to Vegas! This was no Treasure Island or Monte Carlo! MGM has gotten a serious makeover! When you see MGM on the strip it looks old-iish, but because it is black and has the green lights with a lion statue, it doesn't look TOO  bad. . . When you enter the lobby it really is grand! The lobby has an old look to it and so does the elevators going up to the floors... but once you hit your floor and your room, the look is totally revamped and modern. We got a room with a king sized bed and wow that bed was SUPER comfy. I could lay in it all day! The cool thing about their bed was that the light switch was on the headboard! . . The room was a little too dim though...maybe because we got a king sized bed so they were trying to promote intimacy? Anyway, I loved the shower. It was so spacious and clean! I  hate the bathrooms with the tubs...This one had glass doors (but obviously it isn't transparant to the point where you could see right through it). . . I really enjoyed my stay here! Had just a comfortable stay here. The only bad thing about it is that there are so many wings and our room ended up being a little bit of a walk from the elevator. . . Hakkasan is just right there if you want to go there to club too!
I was pretty please with my stay. I stayed for 5 nights in the Grand Tower, 11th floor. I had read the reviews prior to going and knew I was going to be in for a smell when we entered the lobby and that would be correct. There is a slight smell of perfume, and not the good kind. The 1st night it really bothered me but each day it got better and the last 3 days I didn't notice it. . . The roomwas great. I had a double bed room and it was pretty large and very updated. The blackout shades worked wonders. I kept thinking it was 3 am when it was 9am. The bathroom was perfect, lower the shower. . . I only ate here a few times. Project Pie was fantastic, and a few places in the food court, meh, but good enough for a late night snack. I was not a fan of the yogurt place. . . I did see David Copperfield and he was great. My bf got choosen to help in an act on stage and that was amazing. . . There is a lot of walking and it takes at least 10 minutes to get from your room to outside. . . I looked at the pools and was really excited they had a lazy river but sadly it was closed for the season so I didn't do any swimming.
I came here cause i wanted to see and take a pic of the Hakkasan sign i love that symbol. I didn't go inside but i glanced at the menu ok too rich for my blood but I would go if I'm with the right person :) I also walked around and it has changed since the last time i visited which was 15 years plus too like a lot of the older hotels on the strip. Probably will be back in the future. I would stay here if i could.
I've been holding off until I found some time to really do this review justice. This has been my fourth stay at the MGM Grand. Our first visit was in 1984 in the old MGM before the hotel burned to the ground. This was our third stay in the new MGM.. . When we first arrived, there was a very long wait at check in. I mean, really long. Reading other reviews, this seems to be an ongoing problem they need to work on. Once we reached the front of the line, the person attending us was very well trained. He apologized for the wait, and seemed to go to great lengths to find something to suit us. He found us a room, even though it was before check in time. He said he was trying to find something facing the strip - but we would have to wait. But, he had a suite available that overlooked the mountains. We wanted to check in, it sounded nice, so we checked in and took the room.. . And, I posted a couple of pictures of the room - it was very nice. There were electronic shades - both sun shades and room darkening. There was a large comfortable bed. There was a second room, a sitting room. The room had a nice sound system and flat screen TV. The view was nice - first the Hooters Casino, then the airport, then the mountains. Not exactly a gorgeous view, but it was certainly nice. Forgive me if I sound a little sarcastic, but as I reflect on all of this it seems that the excellent training received by the check in person was to help make people feel as if they were treated better because of the wait. . . The hotel and casino is enormous. Aside from the large rooms, the amenities are huge. It as too cold to go to the pool, but we did get a look at it, it looked wonderful. The casino is very large and well lit. There are lots and lots of slot machines. I was amazed at the amount of penny slots not just at this casino, but at all of the ones we visited. Tables were generally crowded, starting at $5 and going up. It was kind of fun watching the high rollers. But, I'm not much of a gambler, so I enjoyed people watching.. . And, what people watching there was - the weekend we went, the MGM hosted the UFC championships. There were so many people, so many different kinds of people. If you've never been to a UFC event, yes - there are lots of tattoos and lots of skin tight clothing. But, there is a huge variety of different types so you can't really stereotype here. The events themselves were really expensive, so we didn't go to any. But, from the folks we talked to, it seemed the fights were great.. . There are a number of places to eat in the MGM Grand, but most of the ones that are comfortable are typically very expensive ($$$$). We did enjoy several of the Starbucks in and around the MGM, and had one lunch at the Stage Deli (a counter with tables).. . We also got the chance to see Brad Garrett at Brad Garrett's Comedy Club in the "basement" of  the MGM Grand. The theater is really nice and the comedians that performed were great.. . The overall experience was great. The service was outstanding and the accommodations were A #1. We've been there four times. If I can stand to take the noise and craziness of Las Vegas again in the future, we'll be back for a 5th appearance at the MGM.
We loved this place. Great view fron the 21th floor. Big room, very clean. We went to David Copperfield show in this hotel, the show was amazing. Every services are very expensive, included the most expensive water bottle the intire trip.
MGM is a decent place to stay if you don't wanna break the bank and still have a good experience. Just avoid staying here if there's a fight that weekend because the rates skyrocket.. . The standard rooms are newly renovated and they're nice, but they are still kinda cramped. Glad they updated the furniture in the executive king suites. I've never stayed in the West Wing so I can't review on that part.. . The Marquee suite is cool, but it's the room with the double doors at the VERY end of the hallway which is a pain if you're in heels. Also, the room doesn't even come with a fridge which is strange considering there's a bar area. What I did like about the Marquee suite was that it's a fun space to entertain when you're pregaming. The dining table is perfect for a game of flip cup, the TVs have a connection for your mp3 device, and we even plugged in a Magic Mic for some karaokeing. I also liked that these rooms came with Blvgari bath amenities. I will never forget the memories from "Club" 28341 haha.. . The plus to staying here is that you can party extra hard at Hakkasan and then stumble on back to your room.. . Plan to do lots of walking inside this hotel. They have a check-in desk at the airport (LAS) which saves you a lot of time.
I chose to stay here as I had tickets for the JT 20/20 concert in the MGM's Garden Arena this past weekend (absolutely fabulous concert, by the way) . The arena is a great place for concerts; not a bad seat in the house. My initial impression of the hotel was that it was too big for my taste as I usually like smaller, boutique hotels. But I decided to stay there after having been to concert at the area earlier in the year and the convenience factor weighed heavily on my decision this time. Glad it did ! I was pleasantly surprised! The room, although small, was beautiful and utilized the space in an amazingly efficient way, making it very comfortable; contemporary and tasteful. Quiet. The pillow top bed, down comforter and down pillows made sleeping heavenly. The rates were very reasonable; look for their "specials"...well worth it. Large flat screen TV and nice big closet with a safe...the use of lots of mirrors made the room seem bigger than it was and well lit. There was even a small TV screen (what looked like a black 6 x 6 square as part of the mirror) that was awesome! I wondered what that tiny remote was for on the bathroom vanity shelf! How clever! The shower was huge and the fixtures beautifully contemporary and worked well; hot, hot, hot water! Perfect! The room was very clean (although the carpet did show some wear). Overall service by hotel employees was excellent. As for food, there were choices for everyone at every price (check out the food court if you are traveling with kids for lots of choices at reasonable prices). You didn't have to leave the hotel if you didn't want to. Everything was right there and the casino was lots of fun; even won a few bucks at the slots; very active and lots of people were winning. The airport shuttle was only $7, a bargain if you have ever taken a cab for the first time and got hit for $18 for the 5 minute trip! I loved the MGM Grand and will return again.  Great experience overall and highly recommend. MLife card for comps is great and can be used at other hotels in Vegas. Get one as soon as you arrive and start using it. Things add up fast.
One of my favorite vegas hotels. Great rooms, fun gambling and tasty restaurants!
This place looks like it has been renovated since the last time I have been here.  We got a deal for 2 nights free if we stay for 2 nights.  So 4 nights say for $210 is worth it in my book at the MGM Grand (resort fees and taxes not included yet).  Our hotel room was clean at all times and was quiet which is a plus.  Our view sucked but I honestly dont really care.  Towels and everything else was changed on a daily basis and bathroom clean.  Honestly, I had no harp about anything since we were rarely in our room other than to power nap (yes, i said nap we didnt really sleep too busy gambling and drinking).. . The casino was nice, not the prettiest place but I am not one to complain its good tables and you can win money, thats good enough for me.  The foot traffic is insane in this place and I am assuming its because of Hakkasan.  No harm no foul I love people watching while i gamble.  Will come back to this casino depending on the rates they offer.
The MGM Grand continues to change. When it first opened, I remember the big ol' open mouth lion head- so gold and so gaudy. It was really an eye sore. Rumor has it that they changed the lion head to the lion statue that is there today because of superstition/feng shui. A portion of the casino had this yellow brick road themed area where you could pretend to be apart of The Wizard of Oz. There was also a mini theme park that was suppose to rival Circus Circus, but obviously failed since it's no longer there. . Now?. Concerts, fight nights, fancy restaurants. When I stayed here last, they were getting ready to introduce the renovated rooms. A couple sections of the hotel were already completed, but the boo and I ended up in the older wing. Regardless of that, I feel like their beds are comfy enough and you're in a high traffic part of the strip where you can take those sky bridges from place to place. . Their Super Bowl parties are a lot of fun too! It's just a matter of securing one of those invites ;)
Personally I do really like the MGM Grand, it's a really nice hotel in a super convenient part of the strip, and anytime I've stayed here the roomshave always been great, both clean and spacious.  As a big aviation fanatic, my favorite rooms are the ones that overlook the airport.  Weird as that might sound I actually find it relaxing to watch that the odd times I'm in my room and it's a nice respite from views of the strip, or worse, the dreaded "no view of anything much" which is common with many of the strip hotels and which cause you to just keep the curtains shut all the time.. . Eating options are also great here, I especially like the Japanese restaurant (Shibuya I think it's called) and there's a Chinese place too.  Both are good quality and about $50-60 for a meal.  There's also an okay food court, good for an emergency.. . This has a good casino too, but if you're playing tables there are cheaper options for most games, (e.g. head over to Excalibur or New York New York) which are just a few minutes walk.  In fact the location of this hotel is great because you can get to many of the other major hotels on the strip real quickly which opens up a whole new world of options for anything.. . For conventions, this hotel really is the greatest - they have some phenomenal huge conference facilities, and the exercise getting from your room to them will help you offset the calories you consume on these trips!. . However, because of the fact I've only really stayed at the MGM for business, I just cannot do it for pleasure - I have a stressful job and I have to disconnect, thus I might stop by for a quick visit during a leisure visit to Vegas (as I did just recently) but that's it - but don't let that put you off.  I think that's more just my need to separate work and leisure kicking in, it's a decent hotel no matter how you look at it.
One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas; you can't go wrong with the MGM.
I thought it was rather appropriate to stay here during my visit for the Justin Timberlake World Tour that was in the Garden Area. Since my last visit to the hotel (6 years ago), I noticed that the renovations has assisted in making the MGM a "better" hotel to stay in. I booked a standard room and enjoyed the newly updated furnishings quite a bit. There is more feminine vibe with the use of fuchsia, maroon, and floral prints. I especially enjoyed the fact that the TV now a plasma. Before, the TV unit was hidden inside a large armoire. . . Although the MGM Grand is located towards the end of the Strip, the pricing for the hotel rooms are always the best and never breaks my budget. Self parking for the MGM does suck.
