We got in at around 10:30, right when the club opened up.  We had arranged to get on the guestlist through the club website and got a confirmation through text.  Somehow, though, my name wasn't on the guestlist.  They let us in anyway with no cover, since I had the name of the promoter who was supposed to put us on.. . The decor isn't as modern as I expected it to be, but it's nice enough.  We never got to see the rooftop, which I heard is the best part however.  . . The main dance floor wasn't as big as I thought it was going to be, but not awful.  Unfortunately, you have to go directly through it to get to the bathroom.  . . The music wasn't so great to start out with and the dance floor didn't really start to heat up until 12AM, I would say.  To begin with, it was only couples and a few girls (my party included) dancing with a bunch of guys lingering about the edges -- no bueno!  . . Our group was pretty lucky because we found a bunch of nice guys early on in the night who invited us back to their table.  However, if you don't have table reservations, there is really NO place for you to sit down or even just stand and relax.  Bouncers get pretty bitchy if you try to sit at a table they think they could be making money off of.. . The bouncers as a whole weren't as a friendly as they could have been.  There were some good ones though.  One of them invited us togo onto the stage area that looks over the dance floor, where we danced the rest of the night away (best part of the night for sure).  Most of the staff that were up on the stage were really nice to us, but one of them tried to shoo us out for not having table reservations (Dude, did you not see your bouncer friend over there give us a high five?  Don't you guys confer with each other once in a while?  Gimme a break, eh!).  . . This place doesn't seem to be getting such good reviews now a days, but I had a good time.  I'd come back.
after a shitty night at Tao we figured this club couldn't be any worse and hoped for the best..... . my friend and i get there at 10pm to a super long guest list line.  a man in black asks us if we have guys with us- we say no, and he tells us to wait in the ladies line.  we end up 1st in that line?!?! +1 already.. . we get in for $10 after some chit chat (no freebies since it's the AVN after party) and immediately hit the bar.  i must have been thirsty as these grateful deads were the best drinks i've had.  the music was a mix of everything from hip hop to 80's mash-ups to top 40, and the dance floor was packed the whole night with everyone from early 20's to late 40's.  i haven't danced for 4 hours straight in a looong time!  the dogs start barking so we wander up to the outdoor patio- what a beautiful panorama of the strip.  we were both speechless (remember we're drunk) and in awe of such a view.. . all in all we got the incredible night we craved and desperately needed after that Tao fiasco.  everyone was extremely friendly from the door men to the bartenders to the other partiers.  i'll definitely be back!
Dj's suck a big one...drinks expensive but expected for strip.  Venue great, excellent view
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHhahahahahahahhahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahmmmm.... . okay, so there are creepers GALORE in here but it's Vegas, so come on give the place a break.  Not to sound like I get around or anything, but I have been to quite a few LV clubs and this one is pretty good.  It has a nice big dance floor and does exactly what it is supposed to do... sell you drinks and get you dancing.. . If you're female, you get deals at PURE where you can get in fro way cheap, or you get a VIP wristband, etc. just find a promoter in the area to hook you up, and guys... let;s face it, you're screwed (and not in the way you were hoping) no matter where you go--where it's $30 for women to get in the front of a line, admitted into the club and receive free drinks until midnight, it will cost you $50...and you have to buy everything else.  . . This particular venue is for people who like crowds and enjoy dancing; also if you're looking for easy women and WAY easier men, this is the place to go.  I like the way it is set up, the decor and the music (because I love to dance), but it can get REALLY loud.
My favorite club in Vegas! They play the kind of music you can sing and dance to all night...and that is my kind of clubbing.. . The decor is simple and classic (white furniture, curtains, etc.). There's also a rooftop level you can escape to whenever the main floor gets too crowded and hot. Up on the roof, you'll find a breath of fresh air and a lovely view of Vegas. If you splurge, you can get one of the cabanas up on the roof.. . Pure also has regular performances here. I've seen Ginuwine and New Boyz perform, and both times I didn't have to pay cover. Just AWESOME. Even with all the new clubs that pop up in Vegas, Pure, so far, wins, hands-down.
I'll preface this by saying that I had a four-star time most likely because we had a VIP table and because I was with the most awesome people ever. With that said, my experience here was pretty awesome.. . We got a VIP table on the main floor and Brad, the host was really cool hooking us up with a great deal and our own bouncer, Bruce, who was really awesome and was apparently a retired software engineer - what? He watched out for the girls all night, let us up onto the main stage, and even opened up a super secret private bathroom for me and my friend when we had to go but didn't want to wait in line! Love!. . Themain floor layout wasn't that great, but honestly the party was poppin' later in the evening and the music was good. It wasn't as snotty as some of the newer clubs like XS or Tryst, but I was quite all right with that! The dance floor was also pretty spacious but got crowded (as in any other club) later at night.  Granted our booth was a little small for 25 people, they were pretty cool about letting me out to bring in friends who arrived late so that was a plus!. . The bottle service is okay, but seriously unless you keep ordering drinks, the service kinda dies down with a quickness. Beware of those hot ass waitresses who come and fill your drinks because all they want you to do is drink and order more bottles - around 500 or so per bottle. The "all you can drink" water and mixers stop after you stop ordering alcohol, so don't be fooled thinking you'll get full service all night...it's all about the business. . . The only thing that I really didn't like about my experience was finding out later that some of the other bouncers refused my friend entrance into the men's bathroom (he's a guy). WHAT? Okay, seriously, someone needs to go to the bathroom, granted he's probably been drinking, but who does that. EW x 3000000! If I had known, I would have said something to our personal bouncer, but whatever.Still ew on that!. . The roof, as Cynthia C. mentioned is pretty epic - and if you can afford a Cabana up there, I'd say its totally worth it. The roof got really crowded later at night though, and there were some "handsy" fools up there. Ladies BEWARE! . . All in all a great club experience for me in Vegas!
Pure is a fun nightclub. Getting in is just the hard part. The line, or lack thereof because everyone just crowded around the entrance, was super long. You had to fight to get to the front since no one there knows how to stand in line. Once you in, then the fun begins. My friends and I got bottle service here and had it outside. It was nice and our tender was cool too...although I don't really remember seeing her much. The DJ was great and played good music to dance to.
One the most happening nightspots in Vegas. I always hit this place up - Guestlist is highly recommended. I like the outdoor patio over looking the mid Vegas strip.
I'm not a nightclub person and bottle service to me is a squandering of your checking account. So when my husband's friends from London were coming down for a wedding (with a group of 25 people) and asked him to get them bottle service at a nice place, I was forced to partake in these shenanigans. . . After calling a few clubs (Tao, Vanity, Lavo), my husband settled on Pure for the night. We settled on Pure because they gave us the most reasonable quote, actually got back to our emails and texts and seemed the least douche-baggy. . . Our bill included cover for 25 people (mix of women and men), 4 bottles of vodka, 2 cabanas, mixers (except Red Bull for which there is a separate charge) and a dedicated cocktail waitress the entire night. All this for what I thought was a very reasonable price (for the bottle service scene). . . More importantly, the reason why I was surprised by Pure was that their staff was actually nice. No one was trying to act like they owned Las Vegas or they were part of the nightclub mob. Everyone was treated respectfully and all the staff were very accommodating and helpful. There was also no sticker shocks and additional charges added to our bill at the end of the night. . . Of course, Pure is a beautiful club. The top floor (outdoors) has an amazing view of the entire Strip making the night a truly Vegas type of experience. The rest of the club is plush and opulent with white couches and chandeliers and dark corridors. . . I knowthat there are newer and grander clubs in Las Vegas. Pure is the only one I've been to where the service has been palatable. That's saying a lot in a town where people at nightclubs take liberties at being Class A jerks. Pure was a pleasant surprise!
I had a really fun time here.. . I was able to get in easily (if you get there before 11pm) and the crowd was very fun.  Everyone was dressed well and looked good.  The age range were people in their 20s and 30s so if you're a 30-something like me, you'd still feel comfortable here.  The music was not that great upon arrival (songs that were popular about 3 years ago), but then they started to play a good mix of modern club (pop songs/remixed pop-songs/hip-hop) music as well as a few recent "classics" from the last 5 years.  The decor is modern and you see white everywhere.. . There are gentlemen who will provide free passes upon entering Caesar's Palace, so take them since the cover charge can be around $40 - $50.  There are scam artists on the street who actually "sell" passes or want "tips" for passes...do not be fooled.
This review is based solely on our VIP experience.... . Which was amaaazing!!!  We were there for our friends' bachelorette party and we had seating at the outside VIP area.  We had a GREAT view of the strip and we weren't right by the bathroom or the door to get back inside so there wasn't a ton of foot traffic blocking our way.  . . Our server (forgot her name this yelp review is lonnng overdue lol) was great, you can tell she has been dealing with crazy situations like the outside VIP section for a while lol.  She came to our table frequently and always made sure our drinks were filled.  Her busser/assistant/runner kept our mixers filled allll the time!  He was a little energizer bunny!  Everytime we'd even get close to half full, he was running over and refilling our mixers.  . . And our bouncer!  We had a bodyguard bouncer guy and he was on it too!  It didn't matter where we were, if we were at the bar or just in our section he was always checking up on us or running off creepsters trying to join our party.  (Geah I wish I remembered these people's names!). . The line for the bathroom was long at times but it moved fast since they didn't have any douches monitoring the door *coughchateaucough*.. . Minus a star cuz the outside DJ was just eh.  Really not that great.  The inside DJ was MUCH better.  Overall though GREAT experience!
How is it that I remembered how much I loved this nightclub?!  That Fat Tuesday definitely got me plus a few other drinks in-house... which left me alone in the hotel bathroom the rest of the night.  There was a long line to get in, but it didn't take that long to get to the front.  Once inside, the place is packed, yet we somehow made it to the rooftop where we were hanging out at what seemed to be our very own table over looking the Vegas Strip.  ... Fun times.  Though it was crowded the night we went, the people weren't rude & I didn't see anything crazy or over the top.  Then again... I remember what I want to remember.  I can't wait to get my chance to go back & experience it all again.
I strongly believe that clubs are only as fun as you make it to be.  . . Pure is the 2nd club I have ever visited in Vegas and I had a great time!!  Club is located right next to the Poker rooms at Caesar's Palace.  . . Entrance Fee:  FREE!!  We were walking around the Casino at Caesar's Palace earlier on in the day and a club promoter gave us tickets.  All girls in our group got in for free and the guys paid about $20  (not bad considering all other clubs on Memorial weekend was charging up the butt for entrance fees.  Marquee @ Cosmopolitan was charging $50 for girls and $100 for guys...yeah..i don't think so).. . Drinks:  Umm...holy cow...if they didn't get you in the entrance fee, they will get you with the drinks!!  For 3 shots, I paid $48...what?!  Yeah...minus 1 star for that.  However, bartenders are nice here!. . Club Ambiance:  Loved the white theme and lighting in here.  My friends and I also loved the music!!  There is great energy here and my gfs and I did not want to leave the dance floor.  This place does get crowded though...by 1 am, you start to get pushed and feel like cattle being herded.  Watch out for drinks spilling too!  We had to call it a night by 1:30am- there was just TOO many people in here.. . Overall:  Loved that we got in for free, loved the vibe and enjoyed this club MUCH better than Tao...I may come back!! :)
This place was bangin' last weekend... I enjoyed my self despite being in a wasted state of mind.  The crowd was dressed very fresh, thanks in part to a modestly enforced dress code, a good age range (early 20's to early 30's) from what I could tell and the bottle service to moderately priced.. . Our 'guard' Bruce was on point all night, made sure no one went near our bottles and was readily available to take pictures of us whenever the camera was out. . . We did have to wait in line for about 20 minutes, which sucked considering we had a table and service reserved.  I enjoyed the fact that there is an unpstairs outdoors dance floor, though there was really no room to dance.  It did provide a good view though.. . I'm definitely going back, except next time I want a table outside on the second floor!
I was in LV for a bachelor party, and we had a group of 10 guys.  Naturally as anyone that knows anything about going to a club that has some semblance of selectivity you aren't going to get 10 dudes in anywhere without getting bottle service.  Also if you have a party of 5 or more it just makes sense because bottles end up cheaper than paying $20 a pop for drinks.. .   The staff was amazing and very professional.  We ordered 3 bottles for the price of 2.  The bouncer took care of us like we were rock stars.  If anyone put a drink on our shelf or got too close that we did not want in, they were gone without even asking.  Conversely if we wanted anyone to come in, he went over and escorted them in.  Very nice.  We easily polished off the 3 bottles and then our hostess offered me 2 for 1.  Again everything up front she even gave me a receipt before hand with the full total with all charges and I wrangled up the cash from everyone.   Service was transparent, it just seemed that nothing ever went empty.. . Crowd was very nice and a good mixture.  They will not let you in poorly dressed even if you got a table.  Music was pop mashup which is not really my favorite but gets the crowd going.  . . So yeah with the normal complaints from people who can't get in as a group of guys etc... This is true with any decent club, you need to know that. I am from NY and it is even worse. If you are a group of decent girls you will get right in and if you are a group of very attractive girls they will give you a free table etc.
Every time I come here I have a good time.   They seem to have more nooks and crannies where a girl can rest her tired feet in between Pit Bull songs.  Drink prices are standard for Vegas.  If you have boobies you shouldn't be paying to get into PURE.  I love the indoor-outdoor aspect, it's a great way to save your hairdo by chilling outside.
I'm a bit confused by the reviews saying this place is outside. It definitely looked like it was inside to me?? . . We got bottle service here which was AMAZING. If we had not we would have had to hang out on the crowded dance floor with the common people :-P. . The dance floor did smell like vomit though, so we chose to spend most of our time at our special VIP table with our bottles of grey goose and drinkies. . . I do have a suggestion, though, the VIP section gave us a stamp on our wrist that the bouncer would check when we would leave for the bathroom, dance floor, etc. Boyfriend's stamp sweated off (gross) and there was a point when they almost didn't let him back in. Lame. I suggest using wrist bands or something else sweat proof as a VIP indicator. . . Thanks guys!
Aw why does this place only have 3 stars? I'd like to bring that up a bit.. . I always have a good time at Pure. I like dancing to hip hop more than house so I like coming back here rather than hitting up the newer ones that everyone goes to to stay trendy.. . I think having fun has more to do with the people you are with than the venue you go to, so that being said, I've been here 4 times and they've never given me a reason not to come back.
Pros:. - Nice place. - Decent music. - Great view on the rooftop level. - Nice decor. - Certain nights are particularly inexpensive to go. . Cons:. - Occasionally a douchey promoter will attempt to sell you on VIP access that isn't worth the price they're asking for.. - Expensive drinks (what else is new in Vegas). - Potentially long line. . I went during their industry night with some friends and the bouncers couldn't have been nicer folks. Drinks were a bit overpriced and I had a good time. I like how they sifted out some tag-a-longs who were trying to get into a VIP group when they didn't belong. All in all, a good time was had, and it was a brilliant start to the trip. Also, the dance floor was definitely not as crowded as a can of sardines, which may be a good or bad thing.
No matter how many times I've been here, I always have a good time at Pure. While walking around the Forum Shops I decided to stop by and get my friends and I on the guestlist for Saturday night.. . We walked over from Vdara and lined up around 10. The line filled up quick and we were let in as soon as they opened, no charge.. . The music is always on point, it nevers gets TOO crowded, and theres usually a lot of beautiful people. Thats why I always make an effort to stop by every Vegas trip.
This club is definitely one to visit while on vacay in Vegas. It's location is prime, and the drinks are strong here.. My friends and I celebrated my bday there. We went to the rooftop to take pix and got a nice view of the strip. Pure was a nice upgrade from the club we went to the night before.
So... My wife got scammed by a street vendor on tickets to Pure. They let us cut line and get in free anyway. This wasn't my first time there- both tunes, classy joint.
First of all Pure has been around for a very long time compared to some of the other premiere nightclubs in Las Vegas. That having been said, it's still one of the more popular clubs to go to. Everytime we go I have a good time. Typically we are in the main room on the balcony that looks like daybeds for tables, very plush. We've also been on the balcony which is amazing and I probably prefer being there than in the main room. All in all this club still has it going on.
When in Vegas this place is a must! It has a huge main floor and the roof area is a lot of fun too! I highly recommend getting a suite on the main level preferably the center section where they do the concerts.  Its worth it to not wait in line, not have to go to the bar and have someone to walk you through the crowd when you need to go anywhere.  This place knows how to party and have a great time! The service is amazing and the staff is great!
I've been clubbing plenty of times but this was my first time clubbing in Vegas and our first club of the weekend!. . One of our friends put us on the guestlist for PURE and told us to get there early, around 10ish. Let me just say that Caesar's Palace is not cell phone friendly, and it's definitely not pager friendly! After finally finding our friends, we were stuck in not a line, but a huge mass of people. With 30+ people on our guestlist, I was worried we wouldn't get in but we all made it - they let us all in for free, even the guys! . . I'm not gonna lie, I was expecting a little more decor wise out of PURE. The main room is nice - huge dancefloor and I liked the all-white theme, however the other rooms were not up to parr with the main room. One of our friends mentioned that they have an amazing rooftop view, so we stayed up there the whole night. Perfect night for being up there!. . I LOVED the rooftop and this is definitely the best part of this club - and the major reason why PURE gets 4 stars. There was a a huge bar and also enough space to dance. The bathroom on the roof was really clean and big - loved that they had hairspray, lotion and even perfume to freshen up!. . Music was Top 40 and dance music. JLO was apparently there at some point, haha.. . I'd definitely come back here again, I had so much fun!
Big venue, open rooftop, and PUSSYCAT DOLLS...... . This is like one of the OG clubs of Vegas that still gets packed.  While it does not have the ah-mazing ambiance of the newer clubs of XS or Marquee, it's decent.  Pure was the first club I hit up on my first Vegas girly trip circa 2000 and seems to always be that "go to" club if another club doesn't pan out.  So in a way it always holds a sinful spot in my heart.  I recommend checking out XS or TAO first and then if those don't pan out, PURE!. . COVER. Your typical 20+ fee but of course ladies are free.  Love how they even have a separate line just for girls to walk straight in, no wait.  I always feel bad looking at the groups of guys waiting off to the side.  Anyways, recommend you boys finding a promoter to work out some deal into the club, otherwise if you're not there before 10 you'll prob be waiting off to the side for a long time.  Drinks are around 10 bucks, decent for Vegas compared to the 15 bucks at XS and Marquee.. . VENUE. Spacious venue consisting of the pussycat lounge (small), dance floor and surrounding area (big) and the open terrace up top (big).   It's all white, which I think gives it that open and clean feel (though it's not always clean ha).  The crowd is usually mixed.  The lounge where the pussycat dolls perform (not the one with Nicole Sherz, but other girls who are just as good) throughout the night.  The lounge is tiny so I recommend getting there maybe 15 min early to snag a spot towards the front if you've never seen them before.  I would say the terrace up top is the best part of the club bc of the awesome view of the strip.  There's a lot of VIP seating which I guess is good but sucky for the rest of us cheapos who don't want to pay for a table.  So free seating is pretty limited on the terrace and downstairs.  This club always has a celebrity in the mix somewhere too.. . BEATS. I remember the music being decent, mostly dance and top 40 stuff you hear on the radio.  Enough to keep you dancing all night.
Pure Nightclub has been one of my go-to Vegas hotspots for the past few years.  The venue is pure seduction, with its white draped VIP sections and fabulous rooftop views.  The music and drinks are never anything short of perfection.  The bouncers may not particularly be the nicest, but once you arrive inside, you will forget all of the obnoxious elitism that you had to overcome to partake in the party.  . . Despite the influx of new and refurbished nightlife venues, Pure has remained a constant on the "See and Be Seen" list, so join the cool kids and check it out!
I loved this club! We went here on our last night in Vegas, like a last hoorah! I loved the atmosphere! White & "pure" [= Play on words, I know! The dance was soooo crowded but we had so much fun. . The only thing that was eh was some guy that was roaming the dance floor looking like he was going to puke. I had to literally push the crap out of him in order to turn the other way. We bought a couple drinks here & the bartender didn't really hook it up. So he didn't get too drunk. . . We had a couple invitations to VIP booths but declined. Guys always expect something when you accept an invitation to drink & "party" with them. No thanks [=
Had a damn good time here dancing the night away. We got hooked up with a group of guys to join them while they were getting bottle service. Drinks all night. Large danced floor, fire even!  I had a blast and I think my friends did too
I love Pure. Probably because it was free. I came to Caesar's Palace just to gamble, no intentions really of clubbing. But as me and my husband were walking into the casino, a guy in a suit with an Ipad came up to my slutty dressed self and asked if i wanted on the VIP guest list. Of course I said yes. . . We got in line around 10:15 and was among the first 10 in line. After they start letting bottle service in we were the first ones through the door. The one thing that sucked was we had to wait until the 1st floor was ass to ass to be able to go up to the top floor, which is a big balcony overlooking the strip. They have a seperate DJ and bar up there as well. Once we were finally allowed up, as breathtaking as the view is, its quite annoying. That particular DJ kinda sucked and the dance floor is right in front of the bar. So you're constantly letting people walk by. We went back downstairs and had a blast. Yes its crowded as hell in there, but theres a good atmosphere. I love to dance and by the time I left, It took me about an hour to walk ever so slowly back across the street to my hotel because my feet hurt that bad. . . The worst part about this club is the last of sitting space if you're not getting bottle service, and the bathrooms are impossible to get to. You have to walk through the dance floor, so in the hour it takes to do said task, you've just about peed your pants anyways. But i'll go back...if the Ipad guy puts me on the list again.
Roof Top Party....VIP Stat....No COVER....???? I think so. . Only remember the beginning of it....the rest just seems very blurry but full of good music and fun!. . Wish I could review more...Oh Vegas.
My girlfriend and I had a blast at Pure!  As I always say...fun is what you make it!  We ended up getting on the guest list from those nightclub street team people (which honestly, Ive used them both times I've gone to Vegas, and I recommend doing it!).. . The drinks were pricey...but its Vegas! (they were about 11.50 for a mixed drink.  The DJ was playing some great music that night as well!  My girlfriend and I were invited to the VIP area...which was fun, but a bunch of extremely overly wasted folks...but still had a blast! :) . . The only downside I would say would be the bathroom! It is in the corner of the venue, where you would have to walk through the EXTREMELY crowded dance floor to get through!. . I would check it out, especially if you enjoy TOP 40 and Hip Music and want to dance and have a great time!
Why isn't Pure more popular?! Cheap tables, drinks, and a club that plays HIP HOP (seriously rare in Vegas these days)!!!. . PROS:. --such a pretty club- glass walls, floors, staircases, an upstairs balcony that overlooks the strip (so pretty!), three dance floors (if you count the one outside), and tables above the dance floor.. . --Cheap drinks... for Vegas- usually around ~$10-15. . . --Relatively easy to get in- girls usually get in for my favorite price: free!. . --ELEVATOR- girls in heels, amen.. . --lots of lounge areas outside of the club-- seriously, like a million chairs/tables outside the club. I think it's for people to watch the giant TV that usually shows horse races/ poker but, at 3am, no one is going to care.. . --diverse crowd- some might say that Pure is not filled with the most beautiful of people, but I think it really depends on the night.... and how much you drink ;) . Just kidding! . . No wait, cheap drinks, great view, good music = PURE pleasurrreee. Sometimes, you just want to dance and avoid all the Vegas clubbing bullsh*t. Go to Pure!. . **TIP- use the bathroom upstairs = less wait ;)
Some cool cat hanging outside of the doors at Caesar's Palace handed me a pass Sunday night and told me that I could get into this club without paying a cover charge. Sure, I'll save the $20. I was already down from a terrible run at the craps table. Crap!. . Just like what I would expect in Vegas...a decent sized dance floor, surrounding VIP sections and beautiful people all over the place. I never go out on Sundays but being in the city that never sleeps I was playing with house time. I was definitely digging the music here. The DJ was playing an awesome mix of hip hop and Top 40 hits. Needless to say, I was gettin' it on the dance floor.. . I paid $8 for each Coors Light bottle. A little steep if you ask me but I suppose that is the norm in LV. Good thing that I am a lightweight because this place becomes more fun when the beer vision kicks in.. . Just saw a few reviews that said this place has dance floors on different levels. Wish someone told me because I was a one man wolf pack for the night and would have enjoyed checking out the different scenes here. Guess I'll be back here when I'm visiting Sin City again because this place is pure fun.
This was a fun club, good music! There were quite a few creepers the night I was here. It seemed like the guy to girl ratio was WAY off. It was still fun though with my friends. We danced most of the night anyways. The upstairs outdoor area was fun as well, in case it was too warm downstairs just go up to cool off. Random fact, I think it's rude when the employees at clubs/bars say things like "GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE" when they turn the lights on and the club is starting to close. Not professional, and they in fact did that here. rude.
First thing is DEFIANTLY SPLURGE FOR THE BOTTLE SERVICE AND VIP!! Trust me you want a place to rest once this club gets krunk which doesn't take a long time at all! I counted 3 rooms in here but let me say I was good and tipsy so there could have been more! The DJ started out kinda rocky but about an hour into out night he got that club krunk!(at least in my VIP area!)My favorite was the rooftop outside cause it tends to get hot while your doing the Dougie so the cool night air was refreshing..lol We had VIP that came with a bouncer and waitress who stayed in constant contact with my area making sure we didn't have to pour our own drinks for a while! I HAD THE TIME OF MY LIFE HERE AND MY BACHELOR PARTY CREW COULDN'T STOP TALKING ABOUT HOW FLY THIS CLUB WAS AND THE TIME THEY HAD! Yea we stayed until they closed! Will defiantly come back!!. . FYI: Try to remember to not wait till the last minute to have to utilize the restroom! It was located upstairs outside and there was a LONG ASS LINE OMG!!! I almost didn't make it!! Lesson learned when you feel that first urge to go to the bathroom GO!!!
I went there at 2pm afternoon, because one of my clients is hosting a cocktail party. The venue is pretty big, with VIP rooms on both side, also great view from the second floor. The setting is all white, with the lights and music, it looks really nice. . . I would defn go there again in the night, just to see how good it is. :)
Just like any other club in Vegas.  Good music, huge space with muti-level.  Went here for a bachelorette party, Saturday, crowded as expected.  Not sure what much to write, honestly, all these clubs seems same ol'.  If you're at ceasers palace and looking for a near y night club, definitely stop by here.... . Btw- if you go with bunch ladies, you don't need to stand in that long line..... . Ps- yes, all the Vegas bouncers are rude!
A club where you can actually talk to people. What a concept!. . The roof bar makes it pretty easy to chit chat with anyone. The lack of a big dance flooris a minus, but a very small one since the vibe is more lounge than dance club.. . If you eat at one of the restaurants in the hotel, you can ask the waiter to get you in for free. Not sure if it was a fluke, but it worked for us!
Pure.  This club has been around for SO long.  I think this may have been one of the first clubs I ever went to when I started making monthly trips to Vegas.. . As there were about 20 of us girls in the Bachelorette party, we were looking to find a place that wouldn't make us wait in some massive line, wouldn't charge us cover, and also had an open bar.  We were first in line to enter Pure.  The bouncers were super friendly (not always the case at clubs in Vegas) and we got our wristbands in no time.. . They had an open bar (for ladies) until midnight, so we went on in and enjoyed our free drinks.  The dance floor was empty, so we danced away until there was no more room to dance.  I headed up stairs and went to check out the outdoor VIP areas.. . The view is pretty fancy, and they had a roped off area for people with tables.  I walked in there and took some pictures of us with the strip in the background.  Then, we made friends with one of the bouncers in the area who was again, REALLY nice.. . I made my way down the stairs back into the club area of Pure.  But first, I insisted on can-canning down each step.  So of course, there was quite a line of grumpy people behind me.  I was so happily buzzed off my free drinks, that I was legitimately can-canning down the stairs.  I highly recommend that everyone try to do this as well.. . My friends and I had a great time partying it up at Pure and were ready to head over to Tryst, which was our final stop for the night.
I like this club a lot.  It was my 3rd time coming here in Sept 2011.  I love how they always play Hip Hop and R&B all night long!  Although it gets super crowded it's still a cool spot.
I'm not sure anything about the club or the people in it are PURE, but I love the place in spite of.  They should just be ballsy and call the damn place VIRGIN.. . Pure, located inside of Caesars is a must when clubbing in Vegas.  Be warned, the trek from Valet through the casino is a bit of a journey.  So you may want to rethink your shoes for the evening.. . Been to Pure a TON of times and honestly they have some of the coolest bouncers ever.While every other place in Vegas employs jerks who think you owe them something.... Pure has done the complete opposite.  The line is never really long or difficult, and you don't have to spend your drink money paying off a bouncer.. . Once in you can either be in the heart of the club, on the dance floor and surrounded by the celebrity VIP booths.  Or you can go upstairs to the rooftop portion of the club.  The dance floor gets crowded.  I get hot easily so I'm always upstairs. The views of neon-light laden Vegas goes very well with a blurry drunken view.  . . Last time I was here I was "tipsy" and freaked everybody who came close to me.  Even walking down the stairs. Oh what joy!
OMG talk about a good time.  For my first time to Vegas let alone Pure, we had a blast.  Got a table on the roof and partied like the Rockstar I am. I danced upstairs and down.  Our servers were nice and respectful and kept the mixers a coming.  Only thing better is the fact that it's in Caesar's Palace (which is so freakin beautiful). I got the skinny on this place from Pete A (here on Yelp) that was so helpful.  This club didn't disappoint.  Vibes were good, people were great.  If you party like me, go here because it's PURE fun. (pun intended)
We ended up here purely by accident and loved it! We were looking for a place to go dance and as we were walking by Caesar's a guy was outside handing out passes for no cover before midnight. We took the passes and headed into the Casino. Right in front of Pure was another guy handing out the same passes and he told us to get into the Guest List line which was shorter,even though we weren't on the guest list. We were inside the club within 5 minutes of entering the hotel. . . Pure is pretty much a rooftop club overlooking the strip. I danced for hours just looking at the Eiffel Tower. Can't complain about that, now can you? The DJ was awesome and I wish I can remember his name because I loved pretty much everything he played. The drinks were pretty pricey but I guess you can expect that in Vegas. I'd definitely come back!
I had a really good time at Pure, but I can see how others might not.. . The lines were indeed confusing.  4 different lines and no clear indication as to which was which (there were signs but the signs would just be between two lines, so most people didn't know which ones they were referring to).  When we got there Sunday of Labor Day Weekend, it wasn't even a long wait, and we probably got there around 12:30.. . The one really good thing about Pure is the music.  Best music I've ever heard in the club.  Great mixes that really pump up your adrenaline.  . . I think my friends and I also had a good time because we got access to the upper balcony, which is guarded by a bouncer.  In that sense, we weren't overwhelmed by the crowd.  BUT when we eventually left the balcony and made our way to the main dancefloor, it was atrociously crowded.  So if you don't want to deal with the crowd, just stay clear of the main floor and you'll be fine.
This place is good.. My recommendation for guys: Go with a few girls.... . We went on a Saturday night and it was free for girls with free Vodka drinks from 10:30 to 12:00.. Guys were $20... . The girls kept getting free drinks for everyone... My wife was able to go up and walk away with a drink in five minutes max.. . The roof top lounge is very nice... great view of the Strip
This is the 3rd time I've been to PURE and I always have a good time.  The club is huge with a lot of different rooms and different music playing in each room.  I would recommend the main room if you are able to afford a table and bottle.  Like most clubs in Vegas it is not much fun without a table and bottle service.  The place gets packed and you end up spending as much at the bar as you would on a bottle.  Everyone is very nice and helpful from the bouncers to the waitresses.  They are never rude or push you to get out once you have finished your bottles (like some clubs do).  The dance floor and bar area tends to get packed so be aware of that.  Also if you need to use the bathroom I recommend going outside of the club right next to the entrance.  There is no use trying to make it to the bathroom in the club (you have to cut through the dance floor).
We had the whole top floor to ourselfs. It was very nice and a lot of fun. After our party ended we went into the club and it was pumping. Music loud and it was wall to wall people. To many people. i dont like it when you cant move. BTW the door guys have so much attitude. Dont get me wrong i like the place. Its just all the clubs have the door guys who want hand outs. They have 10 differnt lines. I typically go VIP so its not a wait, but they still have to much attitude.. . Visited July 2011
The only time i come here is durring the DEFCON hackers conference so i dont really have any weekend or regular experience here.  What I do like about the place is the DJ's I have seen here. Oakenfold and Chrystal Method in a small venue like this is just awesome.
Way back when, Pure was my 1st Vegas club that I got bottle service at.. . Fastforward to now, and the club has aged but you got to give it credit for still being a mainstay after all these years when it has dealt with competition from newer venues on the Strip.. . So why would you come to Pure?. . -If you're looking for a great deal on bottle service, you'll find it here.  Certain hosts will give you buy 1 get 1 on bottles here easy. Even if it's a group of 4-5 guys. So if you are on a budget but still want to do bottle service. Keep Pure in mind.. . -It's easy to get in for free, if you don't want to do bottle service or spend $40+ on cover at another club. Walking through the casino early in the evening, and more then likely you'll find promoters to give you comp passes.. . -For people who absolutely can't stand EDM or house music, Pure is open format and will play a little bit of everything. . . Overall, I have had a great time whenever I visit Pure. The crowd isn't as "sexy" as Marquee or xS. And nowadays, I usually just stop by at one point of the night but it's worth visiting if you fit the criteria that I posted!
People need to go to a metal show if you wanna know what cramped actually feels like.. . That being said, me and my girlfriend came here on a Sunday night on the Guest List via Chris (see my other review for Free Vegas VIP Passes) and out of all the clubs we visited, this was my favorite. . . We got here right before midnight, so she couldn't take advantage of the open bar for ladies until then. But trust me, girls were like vultures, furiously flocking to the one bartender in the area and attacking him for a free drink before the clock struck 12. Yes, this place is quite crowded. I actually thought the bar was worse than the dance floor. If you are timid, you will get consistently pushed back by more aggressive, borderline alcoholic attendees who are desperate for a drink. Most of these people needed drinks in order to convince themselves that their date/grindee was worth the inevitable one night stand.. . It was sweaty and a bit weird having older gentlemen hover over the dance floor like patrolling dads who made sure I didn't hit on their daughters, but the music made up for it. Not too sure who the DJ was that night, but he was rocking the shit out of the 1's and 2's. Instead of that garbage EDM or techno or whatever the fuck it's called these days, he was playing songs that I actually knew, which was amazing. Granted, I still didn't like them because Ke$ha is an abomination and most pop music is garbage these days, but there were some throwbacks that I enjoyed and the transitions were seamless. So the DJ gets 5 stars for sure.. . While I thought we had ample space to dance around, my girlfriend differed and after about an hour or so, we had to leave because she felt like she was gonna pass out. Blame it on the alcohol I guess. Actually, it was probably the small dance floor. Either way, I had a great time. . . And people were really friendly. I received a handful of compliments on my suspenders and mustache, which made me feel good inside.. . IF YOU HATE MUSIC WITHOUT LYRICS, GO HERE TO DANCE AND SING AND HAVE A GOOD TIME.
This place is one of the best spots to party at on a Tuesday night. The music mixing from a little of house to mostly hip hop which is nice from the ocassual house.  The crowd is great too,  everybody mostly dances with each other and the bartenders are always cool too.  They some how always understand what your listening too even though the music is blasting in the background. Overall,  the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of how crowed it can get on the roof top section sometimes but what Vegas club isn't crowed. This place is awesome overall.
Sophisticated nightlife with a twist. By far the most illustrious club that I visited while in Vegas over Labor Day weekend. The ground floor had the best dance and techno music. The only bad thing about Pure is that they rope off a VIP section that obstructs the path to the restroom so you have to walk all the way around. I must say, the bouncer was really nice though so I was ok with not giving him a hard time about it. The rooftop deck is awesome! Drinks are always flowing and it's easy to mingle with fellow party people. There are various floors and the sophisticated vibe makes for a better-than-usual clubbing experience. I would definitely go again.
The music is ok. The line outside can be intense at times it really helps to have a promoter to a table.  But if your a 7 diamond member you get to cut the line you get 2 ppl in free and chances are if you charge the remaining ppl in your party to your room if your staying at one of the Harrahs property's such as pure (Cesar's) it will be taken care of.    (note nights out here are very hit or miss you can always tell if its jumping off beacuse it will be a zoo by the front entrance )      patio upstairs typically open till 3 am  and inside club typically open till 4 am      please party responsibly     ( haha)
Went last night. Security wasn't too bad, not as bad as other places. Club is amazing inside and the music's great.
Had a fun promotion while I was in Vegas for my training. I had a great time and it has an amazing view!
Pure was definitely interesting. . . My friends and I got in for free and explored for a little bit before settling for the biggest room. The dance floor is larger than most of the places I've been to before, and the VIP section is right off to the side. The bartenders are actually pretty good at mixing drinks, and the pricing is just a little less than at Tao, which was nice.. . The music was this nice mix of things besides Top 40, but the crowd is a little older and less shiny than at the more exclusive clubs. We had a great time at Pure though, because of the mixed drinks!
I have always been a fan of this club. It's large open and fun. The lady in the bathroom sells flip-flops ladies if your feet are in agony. The top floor boasts amazing views of the Vegas skyline and there are free vodka (well) drinks for ladies before midnight. Fellas remember that you must dress nice when clubbing in Vegas. This means use common sense and care about your appearance; a shirt with a collar, no sneakers, or shorts. Don't get an attitude with the bouncer because you are a grown man who can't dress himself properly; they will embarrass you. LOL! I digress. There are four bars all of which are strategically placed in locations where one would seem to need a beverage. I cannot wait to come back next year. Also, we had no trouble getting in we were a group of men and women.
This was a nice club and thanks to my cousin's hook ups - we didn't have to wait in the long line.. . It is pretty much all outdoors and it has great views, but OMG the heat!! We were there the ending of June, when the temps hit 117 degrees and I don't care if it's a "dry heat" - put those freakin' misters above the bar on ASAP!!. . We had a fun time here though - dancing, singing, and making fun of the creepers ... that's always a great time!
**(Holiday Weekend) Friday Night Review**. . My experience at Pure was pretty good!  it might have been because I was there with my sister for my batchelorette party with a few drinks and a promoter to help me out but throughout the entire night I had a blast.  We had no cover and free drinks until 12 which was plenty of time for us to push drinks down seeing as we were faded anyways.  The people here on the night I went were pretty classy from the ones I spoke to.  We had a couple of crazy German guys that were more of a nuisance than anything else and I had to calm them down by telling them I couldn't stand their teams but other than those two randos it was pretty fun.  . . The music in each room was great and the transitions were on point and I was happy to see that.  There were two floors (that I remember) and really three rooms.  The bottom floors were all hip hop/top 40 and the rooftop was house/electronic music which I LOVE.  It was perfect and me as that is my ideal club as those are my favorite types of music.  The drinks were what I expected but I didn't pay for a lot of drinks. One big problem for me was that the bathroom was on the second floor and we spoke to at least 3 people that worked for the club that didn't know where the damn bathroom was.  The first thing is that it's a major problem to have the bathrooms at the TOP level (helloooo we have heels on and making ladies work even harder to get to the bathroom is a no-no).  On top of that there were about 4 stalls.  So, not only does Pure want us ladies to work our asses off they want us to stand out in a long line with only 4 stalls??? Uhm, NO - there should be about 10 stalls for all of that work (shuffling through the crowd, squeezing through and getting by sweaty people, climbing stairs, and having to wait in line).  That was my only issue with the place but as far as music goes - it was great and when I go back to Vegas I plan on dropping by again.
Was here Tue/24 Sep with a coupla friends:. - This night it was free entrance for locals and we had one of those "free VIP entrance for ladies" club pass for our British friend.. - This was the 3rd time I've been to Pure and it's cool.  There are counter-level tables (but no barstools) which any one can occupy (ie no bottle service required).. - Fireball shot is $12 and a small Fiji water is $8.
When in Rome, Do as the Romans do. When in Vegas, do VIP bottle service at one of the popular nightclubs. . . I was in Vegas with 4 friends, 4 guy friends. No women. Based on my previous visit, I knew this meant we were not getting into a nighclub without a large donation to the bouncer. This is not the case if you are willing to do bottle service. . . Instructions: showup to the nightclub, walk passed all the people in line, tell the bouncer you are doing bottle service. Proceed into the club and into the prime seating area that is restricted and "invite only". . . People in the VIP can bring anyone they want into VIP to drink from their bottles. You get a private, dedicated bouncer for the VIP and you get a private waitress. The waitress will make all your drinks. The waitress here also insisted that she, not the other group in the VIP, take the photo of our group with our phone. She took no fewer than 20 photos of us. She kept taking them until she got one that she liked. . . My last recommendation: stop at 2 bottles. We opted for a 3rd. The club closed at 4am. I wondered around Caesars, lost, for 4 hours until I found my way outside.
I have been coming here for years. Actually, this was the very first club I ventured to in Vegas when I turned fresh 21. Needless to say, the industry has gone through massive changes and improvements.  Mega-clubs have come and gone, the music has definitely changed, and the overall feel of Vegas nightlife is a whole new breed.. Even after all these years... Pure has stayed relevant -- still featuring celebrities and performing artists! Thumbs up.. . Basic description of the layout:. Tables downstairs put you in the middle of the action (but it feels like you're in a zoo).. Upstairs tables are nice and private, with a view overlooking the strip.. . . If you're ever in Vegas and need an awesome host to get you the VIP experience at Pure, contact the guy who hooks it up for me - Shaun Guerrero.
This place is beautiful and the music was great. Played a lot of older hip hop and and a few of today's top 40s. The deejay also played a bit of techno/trans. Overall the music was great. The venue itself was amazing. All white, nice lighting, modern furnishing. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. For a Tuesday night we had a great deal of fun. . . The only negative thing I have to say is we asked someone for which line to line up in! He says "hold on Ill get you in for free," and walks away! Mind you we weren't looking for free because we already had a connection.
