Seriously, this place never fails.  Whether you're eating it at 4 a.m. (straight from clubbing) or 4 p.m. (straight from dragging your hungover friends out of bed) Pho Kim Long hits the spot.. . Start out with the spring rolls for a nice appetizer (peanut sauce = heaven) and then get the Pho Tai (just keep it simple, don't try to get fancy).  . . Instant.  Classic.  Once you come here you'll be back every time you're in Vegas.  I guarantee it (maybe).
I came here after what seemed like such a long time in the airport. I felt my throat was getting scratchy so I really needed to fix it. I had to work the next day so I definitely needed my voice to stay with me. My husband knows that at times like this I need Pho so he said he would find something to eat on Pho Kim Long's menu. He said he would settle for a salad because he wasn't really hungry. . . Well just as a heads up to others that may be seeking salad ...there is none. He did find Beef and Broccoli which is kind of like salad. He ate almost all of it except the little bit I took to taste it. The amount that was given is easily a good amount for two to three people but he finished it even though he wasn't that hungry! The meat was well seasoned and the broccoli was nice and crispy. I hate soft broccoli! . . I ordered the chicken fried rice for lunch this week at work since I came in on late Sunday I had no time to cook. It was pretty basic the chicken pieces didn't have any fat on them which is a good thing. I spiced it up with some Sriracha. . . The Pho was good it wasn't too salty the veggies that came with it were fresh but I was surprised that they served it with lemon. When I usually get Pho I 've always been given limes to go with it. I wasn't going to be picky about it though. My Pho had the beef strips in it but it also came with these round meatballs . I didn't try it though ...I was wondering what it was . I concentrated on the broth just so my throat would feel better by morning. The Pho did help my throat on Monday but had to call in sick on Tuesday.
We always somehow make our way here when we come to Vegas. This place is always packed, for good reason. The food is great and the service is fast. Big bonus points for being open 24 hours. Need one of these in Seattle!
The joys of Pho (pronounced "ph-uh") are fairly straightforward.  Take a tasty broth, add some expertly-sliced thin meat, scallions and rice noodles are offer the ingredients in a bowl.  Add some basil, bean sprouts and spicy peppers on the side (with an optional side of rooster sauce and other spicy, sweet and/or sour sauces).. . Simple enough, but get the right bowl of pho and your view of the world drastically improves.  Call it stomach psychiatry--a really tasty bowl of pho can directly stimulate serotonin levels in the brain (more serotonin = more happy).  . . But all of that just speaks to the genius that is pho.  Here's why you should head to Pho Kim Long for your pho fix.  When I was there, I ordered the rare steak and brisket pho.  The beef broth was well-prepared and pretty rich.  Other reviewers seem to have complained about the quality of the broth, but during my lunch there it was spot on.  It was a very solid offering.  The side veggies were crisp and fresh and delicious.  . . And Pho Kim Long offers a well-stocked selection of sauces if you like to tinker with your food--making it spicier, sweeter, a dash of sour, etc.  It all made for the perfect pho lunch.  The other folks at my table had the beef vermicelli ("bun" in Vietnamese) and were very pleased, reporting that the bun was better than most.  All of which earns it about 3.5 stars (rounded up because of how popular the place seemed--gotta give some credence to the will of the people).. . Good enough that Pho Kim Long has become a standard in my list of Vietnamese places in town.  And the crowd there at lunch suggests that this place has become a go to lunch destination in Chinatown.  It has a big dining space and every table was packed when we were there.  That might explain why service was a little slow when we were there.  But, to the wait staff's credit, they didn't seem to mind when we stepped over to the cashier without a bill in order to settle up.  . . I haven't tried it late night, but the place is open 24 hrs so it might be worth a visit after a night out on the strip (put down the Jack in the Box, pick up the chopsticks).
I will start out by saying that I have never been here before midnight, but hey, there's nothing like a bowl of pho after a night out with friends.  I like the pho with thin sliced beef and brisket, it's really tasty and the veggies they put on the table for you to add are always super fresh.  The bean sprouts actually are fresh enough that you can hear a snap if you break them in half.  Good, fast service, decent prices, and a clean and busy restaurant make this a good choice if you're in the Chinatown area.  Big plus for being open 24/7.
I know there is a lot of mixed reviews of this place on Yelp but, I really liked it and I am a big Pho fan. I guess I need to keep looking arround to compare. Since I my only comparison since moving here is that crap at Treasure island.  but, for now you 4 stars. The spring rolls and Thai Tea were bad though. However the deep fried pork pork chops were pretty decent.
I was in Vegas for new years weekend and we decided to eat here. Good food but the wait was crazy....extremely busy. Service was okay but i wasnt expecting much because of how busy they were. I had one of their Vermecilli dishes (always do at Vietnamese places) and it was one of the best I've had. Definitely check this place out if you get a chance.
a must in vegas.. 24 hr pho.. cant beat that
Even though this is a Vietnamese restaurant, we always visit here for the Chinese food.  In fact, this is the Chinese food place we like to take guests too... I really really enjoy the food here.. . The ambience of the place is not bad actually.  The decorate the place well, its large, and its cleaner than most Asian restaurants.  I think the prices are fair also - about 10 bucks a dish (more or less), I think maybe 7 for the pho.  Portions are of decent size.. . I can't say much about the pho here, because I never really order it.  The boyfriend does though, and I've tasted it.  I think it's just OK. . . When I go here, there are always dishes that I always have to get because it's DELICIOUS and awesome:. . - House special pan fried noodles (chow mein)... Noodles soft in the middle, crispy on edges (AWESOME).  Saucy, flavorful and lots of goodies like bok choy and shrimp.. . - The cubed beef with Chinese broccoli - Make sure you specifically ask for the cubed beef - they have regular beef and broccoli which is not so good.  The cubed beef is pretty much a MUST HAVE.. . - Salt and Pepper Porkchops or Squid - Depending on my mood... love to have some deep fried pork chips or calamari with salt and pepper seasonings with my meal.  YUM.. . The one thing about this place which I wish I could change is the wait staff.  It always feels like are trying to get you in and out quickly... and they aren't the friendliest either.  The service is usually pretty quick though I guess.  Also on the plus side, they are open all night so it's a great place to hit up after drinking.  . . Overall - even though the service is MEH... I have to give it at least a 4 just because of my favorite dishes I mentioned above.
Cheap, yummy, filling food. This place is incredible for groups and is always buzzing night and day. If you have never had pho before your are in for a treat.
Vietnamese and Chinese food under one roof!  Before moving to Las Vegas I never thought a place existed.  However, some of my cousins/family friends from the Midwest that frequent Las Vegas introduced me to this restaurant and it has become a staple in our quest for great food!. . A couple things I love to get:. . Cubed Steak w/ Chinese Broccoli. Salt and Pepper Calamari:  Lightly battered w/ slivers of jalapenos. House Pan Fried Noodles. Any of the Pho Combinations. . The place it self is very nice.  Furniture and decor are new.  However, you may never find this place quiet because it's always crazy busy and open late.  The waiters are characters.  If you are looking for a friendly waiter that will ask you if you would like to hear the specials this might not be for you.  But I give this place 4 starts and we keep coming back for more.  Also, they have imported Asian beers!  Get a beer and some fried Calamari...yum oh!
I've been going to this place for a quite sometime now and every time, it's always packed... It doesn't matter if it's 2am, there is still decent amount of people.. . They have great food. I've tried their appetizers like egg rolls or spring rolls, fried rice, chicken dishes, pad thai, and my personal favorite, their pho. None of them disappointed me ever. I could close my eyes and pick something random on the menu and I guarantee, I'll either love it or at least like it. . . I do have problem with their service once in awhile. Sometimes, the server didn't have a very good attitude and was very slow running the food or bringing the check. But besides that, the food is great, the place is great, and the name of the place is great. So go on and try, I guarantee that you won't be disappointed.
Popular place and pretty much anything on the menu for the picky person...
Phokim long line? Nope. We got here post clubbing at marquee around 3 am.. We got seated right away for a party of 7!. . The food was phokim good and didn't have to wait that long! . . The service was phokim great and they're open 24 hrs!. . This place is phokim awesome! It's where the locals go and I will keep coming back to this place every time I'm in vegas!
Pho Kim Long is busy during the day, but if you go in the evenings (especially after 10PM), you'll have no problem getting a seat and your food on time. One of the high points about this place is that it's open 24 hours. I have not yet discovered any other Vietnamese restaurant that is open for 24 hours, so this is a great place for those who are looking to have a filling, healthy dinner after your long night shift. . . I can understand why the quality of the pho might not be comparable to some other places (the broth is a little different here than others), but the reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because I would [highly] recommend anyone to be adventurous with the menu. It's typical to order spring rolls, eggrolls, and your pho, but really... there's so much more to the menu than you think, don't be afraid, trust me!. . We ordered rice, the deep fried flounder, walnut shrimp, and coconut milk to go with the meal, and it was quite possibly one of the most flavorful seafood meals I've ever had in a Vietnamese restaurant. I'm usually hesitant with seafood when it comes to restaurants that are reasonably priced and are local establishments, but I have to say the seafood here was fresh, flavorful, and filling. . . The dining area is spacious, not tightly packed together, and the ambience of the restaurant is nice and cultural. Might I add they also have a little selection of liquors from their drink menu too?
I like Pho. I've only been here in Vegas for about 3 weeks now and this is the only place I've eaten at since. Might I add that I've already eaten here three times! Haha.. . The food and service is good. I like how quick it's been to have my food served! It seems as if my order comes out within minutes. Hardly any wait, if any, in the past three times that I've been there. Oh, and did I mention that it's open all day and night? . . YES, I will most definitely be visiting this restaurant again..
I have to say, my friend and I had a good laugh when we pulled up to this place.  This is probably the second Pho restaurant that I've been to that seems to like to push it's limit in estranged humor.. . The food was delicious, and though I must say that it is hard to mess up Pho like it's hard to mess up a burger, you definitely can taste the difference.  However; PKL does not meet that standard.  There are a lot of Pho chains out there, and PKL is decent in that regards.  They are open late at night and good for some midnight cravings after a night of gambling if you're a tourist.  Or whatever you happen to be in Vegas for.. . There is a bathroom, service is decent, and I have and probably will visit this place quite often.. . knocked a star mostly on my preference, when I go to these places, there has to be some cheap gimmick that pulls me either with something free or some kick butt pho.  the name in it of itself just doesn't cut it for me ;)
Favorite pho spot in town. Open 24 hours. Check out the  photos I uploaded. Fast service and moderatley priced. In the heart of chinatown.
the sun was coming up.. . we had the drunchies.. . who doesn't love pho when they're drunk?. . meat---good, noodles---good, broth---gooooooooood.. . go pho kim long!
Well the food was pretty yummy, but this place gets 4 stars because of the hot waiter with the tattoos and mohawk! . . I got the noodle things with pork (chow fun?) and my friend got some other thing that was super tasty! . . The waiters are nice, and I will def go back for the hottie!
Ha I love this place. Lotus is better I think, but this place also rocks. I pretty much go here everytime I'm in the area for vacation... which to be honest is at least once a year. Food is good and plentiful. And cheap. Cant really complain about anything really... just a good cheap place to eat while in sin city.
First Pho I've tried in Vegas ! . . Talk about a great hangover remedy, ordered the Pho Dac Biet (Speical combination tender beef noodle soup) .. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=HrFAKjEfyWPHsVf5Gywdpw.. along with crispy egg rolls.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=fV1fKwz-u9pOKrIGw0FoDQ.. excellent soup base and the beef was juicy and tender, the egg rolls were very crispy, drenched in oil and served hot. Prices are reasonable unlike the Pho places inside the casinos where they charge $10 plus for pho !  You can get 10 bowls of Pho in Vietnam for that price.. insane.. but Pho Kim Long is a great place off the strip if you want good authentic pho. Definitely going to make this place a normal stop in vegas.
My friend told me about this place cause he and his friends goes to Vegas all the time and they always come to this place. We stayed at the Rio this time so this place was literally down the street. Decided we wanted to try this place out cause we didn't want to pay $20 for buffet at the casino. This place is pretty good. I ordered a bowl of pho dac biet which was like almost $8 and my hubby ordered the vermicelli with egg rolls and charbroiled beef for around $8. Our meal combined was less than $20.. . Later that night my friend wanted pho so I came back with her and this time I ordered the vermicelli with egg roll and charbroiled beef and she ordered the pho. It was equally yummy. I like how they have so much choices of pho, rice plates, vermicelli, etc.  . . A lot of people come here so this place does get packed. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll most likely come back here cause their food is so yummy. I like how it's open really late so you can go anytime like after clubbing. Pho is a good hangover remedy :)
I wouldn't say the best Pho I've ever had, but it's good.  They gave me a huge bowl of pho (like a large bowl) and plenty of meat.  It's a little more expensive than what I'm used to paying (like around $5 or $6 for pho), but they make up for it in size.. . My wife's vermicelli dish was just ok.  She had charbroiled chicken & egg rolls in there.  The chicken & egg rolls were missing flavor a little bit, but still good overall.. . The service was actually decent.  We got seated right away, someone came  by to take our order relatively fast and they did an ok job with filling up our cups.  I would definitely come back.
Best Pho I've found in Vegas so far!. . The broth was superb, although their selection of Pho isn't as big as most other places. I usually get the Pho Dac Biet anywhere I go, I love the tendon and tripe but this place only had rare steak, brisket, and flank. They put a lot of meat in it too which was a + in my book, but the noodles and broth are what made it for me. . . Especially being in Vegas, this might save  your life the morning after a long night. After leaving Pho Kim Long I felt like new, ready to take on whatever vegas had left to throw at me. I WILL be back to this place again, thats for sure.
It's nice to get off the strip, and this is one of the places where I'd take you.. . Hungover? Tired of American food? Dehydrated and mal-nutritioned? Come here for your fix!. . I remember everyone's food was pretty good. Decent prices, definitely cheaper than any mediocre Vietnamese food on the strip. About $7 for a bowl of Pho or any noodle soup.. . I got the Combination Noodle Soup with both Rice Noodle and Yellow Egg Noodle. Holy crap!! The soup was delicious! Very good broth and tasted pretty darn close to perfection.. . Also, the decor and interior of this restaurant is extremely clean and modern looking. One of the most appealing Vietnamese/Pho restaurants I've ever been to.
You gotta try the egg rolls... thats the only thing i recommend.. The pho is OK, nothing WOW about it,
Open 24/7!. . Honestly, I don't remember what I had but it was good! . . All I know is, if I were hungover, I will hands down convince all my other hungover friends to go here and have some good, homemade Vietnamese food!
Oh sweet Pho Kim Long, the memories we've shared. I can't even begin to count the many drunk nights and hungover mornings spent sipping the miracle broth of Pho Tai, or the awkward dates spent loading it with all of the bean sprouts, lemon juice, and hoisin sauce it can hold to sidetrack myself from the shmuck on the other side of the table.. . I love this place. I'm a long time Pho-lover and have been to dozens of restaurants serving Vietnamese and Thai food, but Pho Kim Long is my favorite - and not just because of the daring name ;). . First, they're open 24 hours. Meaning you can stumble in wasted at 3AM on a Saturday and they won't blink twice - as long as you don't stir trouble, or enjoy a lovely non-traditional Thanksgiving day brunch to avoid family members - which I haven't done but have certainly been tempted to. You can also order for pick up. . . I enjoy that the atmosphere feels fitting for a plethora of different occasions. The restaurant is always clean and has the kind of feel to it where you can easily come here to enjoy a nice date, or to end a night of partying in casual attire. Or call ahead to pick up food and eat it at home in your pajamas - you know, whatever.. . In general I've stuck with my time tested favorite, Pho Tai - thinly sliced rare beef thrown into a tasty broth and loaded with bean sprouts, noodles, lemon, onions, and what else your heart desires as long as the kitchen has stock. Expect to pay $7-8 for a generously portioned bowl. However, the many times I've been here with friends everyone has been satisfied with their non-Pho choices. If your stomach can hold it, they also have spring rolls to die for and delicious boba smoothies. The quality of food has always been consistent.. . They lose one star because, unlike the quality of their food, their service is inconsistent. I've never received truly terrible service there, and it is certainly light years above many other Chinatown joints, but you do get the feeling that some of the young waitstaff is only there because they're being forced by parents who likely share ownership.. . If you're in the area and enjoy Vietnamese/Thai cuisine - check it out. You won't regret it.
Learned to like this place for the pho...don't mind that they have Chinese options available also which i have not tried except the eggrolls but the pho is def filling and good..this place has become my go to hangover spot/ comfort food spot/ late night spot and just the place you go when you want pho. *they bring out the food fairly quick but on a few occasions there was always 1 person at the table who had to wait 10-20 mins before they're food came out while everyone else had their food already.
Best place to get food late nights the Pho is really good and always fresh and the orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken are pretty good to.
There's something good if we are coming here 2 days in a row every time we are in Vegas. Not the best pho I've had, but in a land of $65 buffets a $8 bowl of quick and warm stomach soothing goodness sure does a hangover'd body good. Save your money on food by eating pho, save it for the slots!
For a Vegas Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant, this place isn't too shabby.  Coming from the O.C., I'm used to some of the best Asian food that is cheap.  Prices here are a bit steep but I guess I don't mind eating here so I can take a break from all the other foods here.. . Pho Dac Biet: mmm I like their noodles.  It's very nice and soft.  Okay meats.  Soup base was...not bad.  I felt the MSG a little bit past midway eating.  Plenty of veggies given (bonus!) and water is always provided :)  Overall, I would get it again.  But with a coke.. . Walnut Shrimp: really good.  Not too oily.  Delicious caramelized and crunchy walnuts.  I love the fact that the shrimp was so plump!  YUM!. . Clean and contemporary atmosphere.  Diligent service.  Will definitely come back. :D
24 hour vietnamese food. oh yea and its in las vegas. the only reason why it's lacking the final star is because its so far away!. nestled in the heart of Vegas' Chinatown - Pho Kim Long (i don't know about them - but pun is intended for me!) this place is always busy. luckily its large enough and they cook fast enough that the wait (if you do have to wait) is never that long. they can churn out everything from Pho to Bun Bo Hue - to fried rice, deep fried quail, to vermicelli bowls to vietnamese crepes! . . i have yet to have anything on the menu that i didn't enjoy. and if you need a pick me up - get the vietnamese coffee. way better than a quad shot at starbucks :)
A Chinatown in Vegas?? Only a measly 10 minute cab ride away? Vegas, you really do have something for everyone!. . After a night of enthusiastic fist pumping to Armin van Buurin at Marquee, our arms were sore, our feet were hurting, and our stomachs were empty. My friends had already gone the night before (in a limo, no less -- we do it big in Vegas), but pho just really seemed to be a reallygood idea. . . The taxi line was monstrous but we managed to squeeze into a 5-person taxi and off we went to pho heaven! The small bowls were big, the broth was brothy, the noodles were noodly, and the meat was definitely meaty. The basil was so basily my friend couldn't help putting several branches in his mouth like a koala. Pho really is the best drunk/hangover food ever.. . In the words of one of my dear EAP friends... "MM, this really hits the SPOT! I'm not sure which spot it is, but it's hitting it!". . Also, I love that they have a large man standing in the front who opens the door for you. Is he a bouncer? A door-opener? Who knows??
Pretty good pho favor and the beef is tender too. I heard the used good quality beef.
Nice place for a Vietnamese Restaurant near the Las Vegas strip. The service is fast and when I mention fast, they're very fast. They take your orders, your order arrives shortly after, and they pick up your bowls after you're done eating. I appreciate the speedy service, but I think they need to slow down a bit so they can catch a breather and for us to take our time to enjoy our food. If you like fast service at a nice restaurant, this place is for you. I would definitely come back to Pho Kim Long as my choice of Pho for the next time I go to Vegas.
We came here after clubbing in Vegas to eat Pho.  The wait to come inside wasn't too long.  I thought this place was pretty good.   I ended up ordering Pho. The broth and noodles were delicious.  I am Vietnamese and there is always home cooked Pho at my house so I would know if it's good or not.  This place is not bad at all.  The service wasn't that great because the wait for the food was so long.  The prices for food here is average.  It's the perfect place to come after a long fun night out TRUST ME!  =)
I come to Las Vegas for 4 days and got tired of eating American food. I wanna try hu tiu and pho.Walked inside and the place was packed. I went there Sat and Sun. Avoid going there on weekends! I order 3 hu tieu and 2 ice coffee. Cost about $38. It's right behind Treasure Island. I took a  taxi. I would definitely come back again. The restaurant is open 24 hours!
Always a good place for Pho in Vegas. Open 24/7.....late night eats and breakfast. Ate twice here in 3 days....that tell ya anything??? . My first visit there a few years ago went like this.... . Female Server - Hi, what you want?. Me - Pho Dac Biet.. Female Server - "You want Large bowl or what?" . Me - (speaking) Large bowl...(thinking) what happens if I say "or what?"
Pho Kim Long is Pho Kim Gooood! . . They're fried tofu is delicious! The sauce to dip it in is amazing.. . The pho is pretty good.  Their broth is flavorful and the meat is cooked just right.  . . While not the best pho place ever, I would recommend this place after a long nights/morning worth of clubbing as its pretty close to the Strip.  Price could be a bit cheaper too but definitely a place worth checking out.
I've been coming to Kim Long's for around 3 years now since my brother moved to Las Vegas. The Pho is one of the best I've had and definitely the best in Las Vegas. The broth is just right and the meat is cooked just right.. . I like the fact that the restaurant is open 24 hours. When I had my Pho it was 2:00 AM and the place was packed!!
The food is amazing!!!!! I love going there at odd hours of the night as well!! Service is not the best, but I'll keep going back just for the food!
I have been to so many Asian restaurants and their host or hostess is never friendly. But today I went to Pho Kim Long before heading back to Cal., their hostess name Nena/Lena was the amazing.  She was very friendly and she have beautiful smile all throughout the day. We got our drinks and food quickly after they took our ordered.
This joint is open 24 hours!!!  Sold. . . I had the pho dac biet, and it was super good.  The broth was flavorful and clear and the meat was, surprisingly, very tender.  The noodles werefirm and everything was just delicious.  I would normally order pho thai rather than pho dac biet, but I was feeling like a fatty and went ahead with it.  . The wait staff were friendly and patient so that's always a plus.  The facility was CLEAN!!  Now, that's something you don't see very often in pho joints.. I also ordered the che ba mau (three-color dessert) and it was just okay.  It was in a small cup and I was charged $3.50.  Kinda pricey, but, meh, I've had better.  I took my parents here (who grew up in Vietnam and are self-proclaimed pho connoisseurs) and they really liked the food.  Score!  I pat myself in the back. The only downside was that it's a little pricier (by $1 or $2) than what my family and I were used to paying compared to pho in LA .  A couple dollars may not seem as much, but it'll add up.  That aside, come here and enjoy the pho.
Pho Kim Long... say that 3x's fast!!! LOL. . Not only is the name great.. but the food is amazing!!  . . And take that from a Vietnamese person!!. . If you are new to the Vietnamese food world... stick to the basics and get a Pho Ga (Chicken Soup)... but if you're feeling a little adventurous... Pho Kim Long definitely has more... hence the name... LOL. . I always, always get the claypot pork.  A perfect compliment to that is steamed rice and canh cua (hot n sour soup).  If you are in the mood for fish, they have a crispy friend fish that is really good.. . You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu... so it's really about what you are craving that night... or morning (after the clubs)!!. . Enjoy =)
Ok first of all, the name itself gets 5 stars- LOVE it!  Whether it's intentional or not, it's hilarious and made me want to go there.. After a long night of partying and drinking on the strip, my girls and I were in the mood for some good Chinese food.  We asked our taxi driver for his recommendation, and he told us to go to Pho Kim Long for the Vietnamese food.  Man, are we glad we listened to him!  That was the best drunken feast I've ever had in my life.. The spring rolls and the honey walnut shrimp were on point!  Everything else was super delish too.  I'm hesitant to give this place 5 stars ONLY because I was slightly inebriated when I dined here, so I don't know how trustworthy my judgment is.  However, I will definitely be coming here next time I hit up Sin City.. Pho Kim Long and Pho Kim Gooood =)
Whenever we go to Vegas weinsist on stopping at Pho Kim Long! It was the name that initially attracted my attention, but the food is awesome too! . . They have a lot of vegetarian options, but my favorite is the crispy noodles that look like a nest. . . The service is fast and pleasant and prices are very reasonable.
Went here with my friends after a DRUNK at Tao nightclub. I have to say for Pho made at 330am it was fantastic! The fresh rolls were also quite delicious. Now all this might have been because I was plastered but the hot broth sobered me up and tasted great....basically 3am + Pho = can't complain :)
My whole vegas trip was kind of a blur, but the brief time I spent sitting down and eating here was a nice enjoyable break. Ordered the vermicelli bowl with pork and egg rolls. I've gotta say, their pork was pretty top notch. Barbecue'd and juicy with a nice fire grilled flavor. Damn!! It definitely was a step above all the other vermicelli bowl's I've had. Everything else in the bowl was pretty standard; comparable to most Vietnamese joints, but the pork was the extra kicker that gave this rating an extra one and a half star. Service was pretty nice too and it was clean inside. Overall pretty nice experience.
This is the go to spot me and my friends head to after a night long out in Vegas. It's open super late, and the pho is pretty decent with lots of noodles and meat. Costs lil' more than Tuscany Suites steak and eggs, but sometimes pho is the only cure for a night of heavy drinking!. . Oh and they serve WHOLE fresh coconuts here. Very refreshing, and a great source of electrolytes :)
Good Vietnamese food. . Only thing is that It's just slightly more expensive and the quantity is a bit smaller compared to Vietnamese restaurants in LA and OC. But you're in Vegas baby, so that's pretty much expected yo.. Nice and clean interior decor though. I really love the fish thanks they have in here too.
In my opinion, this is the ONLY place to eat pho in Las Vegas. This place has the best broth, and if you don't believe me, believe the line. This place is definitely always on the schedule for any trip I have to Las Vegas. Prices are reasonable, which makes this place great (somethings in Las Vegas are just WAY overpriced). Going at an off-hour for Lunch/Dinner will usually give you a better experience.
After hearing several people Rave about Pho Kim Long, I decided to check it out; and I can say I was not disappointed.. . The place is fairly big and we were seated immediatley (there can be a wait but they burn and turn pretty fast). The staff was attentive and we had several people swing by the table to make sure we were doing OK.. . The menu is impressive, I was just expecting your average Pho place, but they menu covers much more, apps, Pho, entrees, smoothies, and much much more.. . I decided on the #11 Rare Steak and Brisket Pho. I also got an order of the Chinese Doughnuts to start.. . My only complaint is that the doughnuts were plain, when I usually order them they're covered in sugar, but a little quick thinking and I was using the remaining Peanut Sauce from my companion's spring rolls for a great dish.. . The Food came out insanely fast, the apps were good, but the Pho stole the show. The Steak and Brisket were both tender and delicious. The noodles were plentiful, and the broth was rich.. . I will be going back without a doubt!
came here again for my second vegas trip. foods came out very fast! and always delicious just like I had a year ago!. I've had a beef brisket pho and a thai iced tea!. you won't be disappointed!
HOLY NOODLE PARADISE!!! Best place to come for noodles of love and goodness at 4am. The place reminded me of a spot you would find in Brooklyn or Long Island which instantly made me feel like a hug from home. The noodles and brothare sooooo amazingly good and even though it was 94 degrees outside I didn't care. The noodle soupie was speaking to my soul. A MUST TRY when in Vegas and want to roll like a local.
*Disclaimer: I'm 1/8 Vietnamese and I've grown up on pho! :D *. . PARKING: Crazy lot. Am I back in the 626?!. . AMBIANCE: This place is THE nicest vietnamese restaurant I have ever been to (Yes, it's nicer than Brodard!) Everything is so nicely decorated, and the interior is gorgeous. It's a decently large restaurant, but the decor flows very well!. . FOOD: The pho is definitely on point and their dry noodle is delicious! Perfect cure for that late night party scene. My friend tried their porridge, and he said it was great with the chinese donut.. . MISC: The wait gets pretty long here for lunch, so maybe try the 3AM-4AM crowd instead. Remember the taxi and be safe!
24hr pho place?! Done deal! Haha. . Came here with some of my sorority sisters after the club. We were so excited for some pho! Took a cab here from the strip (about $12). It was pretty crowded, but we got seated right away. . . Ordered a rare steak pho. Delicious as usual. They give A LOT of bean sprouts..I was in heaven! Haha. So generous. . . Maybe a bad idea to eat pho the night-of because that's a lot of liquid. Probably will rethink to go the next day instead, haha.. . The name of this place still throws me off, haha.
After a long night of clubbing at Tryst, my girls and I were on a hunt for some delicious pho.  We were searching on Yelp for a few places, but our valet guy told us to head to Pho Kim Long since it's open 24 hours.. . The place was super packed at 2:30AM!  Not even just young club go-ers, but families of people were all enjoying the pho.. . We ordered 2 rare steak phos and an order of the fried calamari appetizer.  My bestie mixed the fish and the chili sauce together to make a yummy dipping sauce for the calamari.. . Apparently there was a lot of Star anise in the broth that made it a little sweeter than normal.  Otherwise, the pho was yummy and perfect for what we needed that night.. . Service was a tad bit slow, but like I said, the restaurant was packed so it's okay.
every time im in vegas i end up here after a massive night of drinking . . pho = the best hangover cure!. . i love this place mainly bc it's called "pho kim long" i mean common that's funny. . the service is fast and the food comes out fast. . this is my go to place and i recommend this for anyone who has a hangover in vegas . . i always get the pho tai, less noodles, no cilantro and i ask for steamed sprouts and i side of white onions. what?! i'm a pho snob :P
A staple every time I visit Vegas..Pho is outstanding..Spring rolls are always a go to.. . . Service always spot on..
the only place I go to for after hours in vegas. i went last week and we went for the next day rejuv, and then went out that night and took a cab there at 4am. it's just what I have to get in my body to be happy. Pho, spring rolls, fried rice, and the salt and pepper pork steaks. their pad thai wasn't bad either. . . service is good, price is decent and the portions are great.. . you wont' regret this place!
four stars only because the calamari is too good it's soo expensive.  i like the bbq meat and egg roll on vermicelli noodles.  my mouth is watering just thinking about it :). OH and definitely DO NOT GO ON sunday between 9am-3pm.  it's like rush hour.  we went last sunday and i couldn't even make it to the front door.  unfortunately, we left.  but it's not enough to keep me away for good
TIME SPENT. many meals - Lunch/Dinner/Late Night. . LAYOUT. very spacious with an overflow private room.   lots of asian themed decorations (thai, buddha, fish tanks, etc).. . SERVICE/FOOD. great service...  maybe because i'm a regular.??   . . PRO. 1. great PHO. 2. good appetizers (pot stickers & calamari). 3. huge menu. 4. boba tea selection is always good. 5. rarely closed - 25.hours/day. . CON. 1. chinese menu is OK.   my american friends enjoy it.^^;. 2. seafood menu is MEH.   i've ordered Clams in Black Bean Sauce and their Giant Scallops and can recall how awful they tasted.. . PRICING. average cost...  nothing that will blow out your wallet.. . CLOSING. i love eating here because it's always busy, even at 2am...  and that lends to a very exciting upbeat atmosphere.   my only gripe is it tries to do too much with it's menu and the result is not all that great.. . NOTE* i hate being served only 2 meatballs for my Pho Dac Biet.!!
Pho Kim Long, your pho is pho king good!  . . After a night of partying, we were tired, hungry and hungover.  When we got dropped off by our cab, we were dreading the wait as there were tons of people already in line.  Thank goodness we didn't wait longer than 20 minutes and as soon as we ordered our food appeared magically fast.. . Perfect hangover cure with your delicious broth and flawlessly cooked noodles.  The broth is full of flavor- hot, salty, yet sweet from all the onions & cilantro in the soup. Even best is that the rare beef isn't chewy but tender and I'm able to actually eat it without feeling like it's going to choke me on the way down.  Trust me, a lot of Vietnamese Pho places rare beef is so chewy you can't eat it.  . . I just got back from LV and I am already in need of pho from here.  Pho Kim Long has one of the most flavorful pho's I have ever had.  . . BTW...what's with these names at these Vietnamese restaurants?  Pho King Funny!  Pun intented.
Great place to come after a night out drinking.  The pho broth is really good here, prices are decent and food comes out really fast... and the garlic calamari is awesome!!  Probably one of the best calamari's I've had.. or maybe its the alcohol in me, but the portion was pretty big and the taste was addicting..
What can I say. First off,very crowded, mostly due to the Hype. I've been to alot of Pho places and this place looks nice, aside from that the cooks/servers are all vietnamese. The bowls of noodles are large and plenty, lots of meet, it taste okay, nothing I haven't experienced. Kind of pricey, but this is Vegas we are talking about. Great service/food.
I haven't had much Pho, and the only times I've had it were down here in San Diego. My friend and I with a few of his frat buddies came here at like 3 in the morning last weekend. I was so happy we did. Itwas cheap, delicious, and wonderful. The rare meat in it was perfect. The soup was tasty and I was able to make it spicy as hell because they give you a plate of sprouts, jalapeno, and herbs to season it with. The noodles were plentiful and perfect. I'm holding back on giving it five stars only because I haven't had a lot of Pho before and for all I know this isn't even close to as good as it gets.
Pretty legit for a pho place in Las Vegas. Special combination pho is good. Vermicelli is good. Egg rolls aren't that great. Service is better than most places. . . The only thing that kept me giving them 5 stars was the price. Everything is $1 more than it should be.
I wonder how they come up with these names.... . Nonetheless, the pho was great. The wait to get a table was short and the food came pretty quickly. There were a lot of things on the menu, including some Chinese cuisine. The prices are pretty low too. However, I just wanted some simple pho. I don't really know how you could get pho wrong and I hope to never experience that, but this place did the trick.. . Also, it's open 24 hours.
Good food, good service.
Always the place to go to eat before you head back home from vegas :)
A great place in town for Pho!  5 Stars for late night pho, 3 stars for the rest of the menu, but everyone I know that goes here does so for the pho...and usually after 12am.. . Great late night food...huge menu...perfect prices.
One of my go to places for Pho and vietnamese/chinese food in Las Vegas. This place is well known by locals to Las Vegas and visitors. During the weekends, Pho Kim Long will be packed especially during the lunch hour (as most people will come for the pho after a long night of drinking). I usually like to get the special pho with everything in it. The other items that you have to get are the fried egg rolls, the fried salty/spicy chicken wings (these are the best in the area), and of course the ice coffee.
I love their pho! The only place i would get pho and the fact that they are open 24 hrs is a plus....but i seriously dislike their staff!!! Ive been going to this place for a very long time and their staff has always been very rude! It would be nice if they could at least crack a smile when servicing you. Other than that, service is pretty quick, atmosphere is inviting, pho never seems to dissapoint!
Com Bo Luc Lac #39: Is good. Very flavorful cubes of perfectly grilled beef.  This plate comes with a good portion of rice and veggies(not bell peppers=boo!) . . Their chicken wing dish was out-of-this-world good! Crunchy, and covered with bell peppers and fried garlic! Yep!. . Bun Thit nuong Cha Gio (vermicelli with grilled pork served dry) was aaawwee-some! :) Very good flavor..and that's according to someone who grew up with this dish. :). . Best part..they open 24 hours/7 day...anytime you crave vietnamese food! :)
Lost my pho-kim virginity about a month ago, it was awesome. I had never eaten pho but was told this place had the best around. I see these little restaurants everywhere around town, one day I will try another place and compare. . . The soup is pretty delicious, I love all of the extras they give you so that you can flavor it to your liking. The restaurant itself is very clean and always busy. The staff is nice but can be slow and unfriendly which is why they lose a star. . . If you've never had pho, this is a good place to start and find out exactly what you like in your bowl!
Just saying the name brings a smile to my face.. . Eating the food makes me just as happy. . . So before the fucking long (see what I did there) road trip home, we wanted something different.  So we decided on a meal off the strip.  Heading over to the Chinatown area of Vegas will give you a whole different Vegas experience, especially if you go during the day. If you've never ventured off the strip for any reason, Pho Kim Long would be just as good a reason as let's say a strip club.. . . You'll get just about the same level of satisfaction.. . . You want authentic vietnamese food and friendly service at a reasonable price.  Pho tai, spring rolls, fried egg rolls, strong iced coffee ... they got it all.. . . You know you wanna come here just so you can say ... . . Pho Kim Long
I really love Vietnamese food, after most of my life avoiding this cuisine and preferring other Asian foods. As I learn more about the food and Pho, I like to try so many places.. . 1.  Parking - Easy as it is in a strip mall.. 2.  Convenience - THis place seems to be 24 hours. That is great for whenever you need to eat great food.. . 3.  Pho - I cannot comment on the Pho here since I did not try it here.  the reason is that their menu is quite extensive and Pho is only about 15% of what they serve. They have a ton of other chinese and asian food here.  The prices did look good here and I just am used to the P1 to P7 type of ordering and then more of descriptions of each.  Perhaps I am still a newbie to Pho.. . 4  Bu Bun Hue - This is the spicy vermicelli noodle and I will come back here to try it as it is the measure which I will rate other restaurants.  It is an authentic and original noodle and if they serve it with Pork Knuckle, I will be in pig heaven.. . 5.  The other stuff - I was truly amazed at all the other dishes that I ordered the salt bake chicken with the ginger and scallion minced sauce. I ordered also the Ong Choy with garlic. (Type of Spinach).  To me, a great restaurant will get the salt baked chicken moist and succulent.  It is both easy and hard to do, because you have to have whole chicken to do this and not the frozen breast. Also, you have to have enough volume of serving this as to make it takes time and you gotta be ready.  The chicken here was absolutely great, although a bit skinny.... The ong choy is also something that is served at higher volume restaurants that cater to real chinese or asian eaters, so having this was also great. . . 6.  Price - Reasonable, however the stuff I ordered for two of us and the fact that we had to pay for white rice (I do not like this at all) came to 26.00 which I find to be a bit on the high side. Perhaps I should have stuck to the Pho.. . I will be back to try more of their stuff to give you all a better idea...... . GK says try it out.
After a night out and a massive hangover the following day, this is the place to be.  The chicken pho was very soothing and a true cure to a hangover.  It's a little far from the strip so I would only recommend if you have a car.  Also, they get pretty pack so there can be a wait.
This place had a wide selection of food to choose from. Plus there food was good! Anyone who is in Vegas HAVE to go here. Place has a nice setting. Not that expensive either.
Pho Kim long is great! most places that try to do Vieatnamese AND Chinese food do 1 or the other good, but this place can do BOTH. I love the mayonaise shrimp, and the spring rolls. The crispy chicken has some kind of garlic crust on it that we just love. Try it the next time you are there. Oh yeah, the service is also super fast.
First time trying this place out of the 3 times I've been to vegas and I am impressed by the pho that they have here. It was really tasty. My friend suggested that we have pho here since everyone wanted pho to cure their hangovers. I ordered the chicken pho and it was really good. The place was kind of packed when we got there on sunday. This place is open 24 hours so i will definitely be back here when I come back to Vegas.
Whether the name of the restaurant was intentional or not, it would have been nice if  "Kim" was "Ker" and I would do so all night long... because the place is open 24hrs, ya know?  I've been Pho Kiming for years now.. I think its about time to rate its performance.  A solid 4 stars baby!  1 less than 5 only because I haven't climaxed yet.  Reason being?  No Bahn Mi (Vietnamese Fi Dolla Foot Long Sandwiches), which are my fave!  Other than that, they do have an extensive list of other dishes from traditional Pho to ancient chinese Honey Walnut Shrimp and that porridge stuff.  The food, the service and the prices: Pleased, Teased and on my Knees!  I'm deff a repeat customer... Bow Chika Wow Wowww!
We had our last meal here before leaving Las Vegas.  My friends kept talking about this place and I basically felt skeptical about whether or not the Pho was going to be good.  Having been to one other Pho restaurant not too far from here which wasn't great.  The place had an updated interior and had lots of people coming in to eat.  Ordered my usual of Pho Dac Biet, basically all kinds of yummy tendon and tripe in it.   Strangely I think this was the best meal I had all weekend.  . . One of my friends freaked out that he had tripe in his Pho when he ordered Tai Chin.  Really funny, cause I knew right away when he was asking wtf that meat in his bowl was.  He asked to have the problem fixed and they easily made it right.  From what i know, there are more mediocre or flat out horrible Pho restaurants in Las Vegas.  I can safely say that this was a pleasant departure from the mediocre.
This place has really good food for a fairly cheap price the chicken pad Thai is awesome also Thai tea is on point can't wait to go back after a drunkin night out
What a name!  The food is pretty good here.  I'd say the second best pho place in Vegas behind Pho So 1.  The atmosphere is a little more upscale and the menu has more variety.  Want to try something less ordinary?  Order the fresh young coconut drink.  Not in the mood for pho?  Try the braised pork in clay pot.  The parking sucks, but I always find a spot.  I always order the soup, but have tried many other items.  Not my everyday eatery, but a nice place to take guests.
I often eat Pho but I've never seen a Pho restaurant that big. We arrived at 6:45pm on a Monday and It was packed, which is usually a good sign! The food was served really quick, like we sat down at 7pm, ordered (7:05pm), and the food was served (7:06pm)! It's was almost faster than eating at McDonalds!
Ok, I have eaten here all times of day. Lunch, dinner and late night. I have had a consistent experience everytime. Which is half the battle with restaurants these days. . The atmosphere is well lighted. Nice but not exactly romantic. Menu is large. For someone new to this type of food the menu can be overwelming and confusing. . But, once you find your dish of choice they will have you hooked. Personally I love 12 and 16. They are noodle bowls with beef. I like to add the fresh mint they give on the side. . For a drink i highly recommend their Thai ice tea.. Also, if I had to recommend a time of day i would say late night. 2am? No problem!
Want an idea of how popular this place is? After a night of clubbing, Kalila and I went to Pho Kim Long to eat quickly before going home. We had left our friends behind at the club. As soon as we finished eating, who strolls in? The rest of our friends that we had been with just about 30-40 mins earlier. We hadn't told them where we were going. Watch out Jack in the crack, people just LOVE pho when they're drunk.. . Pho or vermicelli always hits the spot. Everyone has their own way of eating pho. Some people prefer lots of bean sprouts & chili paste or sriracha in it. It's all about preference. The last time I ate it, I was a little bummed that I ran out of noodles.. . A good thing to take note of, is that you can order pho in a small or large size. Kalila is little and she actually finished her small bowl.. . The location is rather large with lots of tables from wall to wall. They do accommodate to bigger parties, putting multiple tables together if need be.
Went here on Christmas Day with my little brother and his girlfriend's family. Parking sucks, as this restaurant is in a strip mall, and some people just don't know how to park. Period. . . It was very packed for the time we went in, which was about 8 or so, so we had to wait a little while for an open table. I think we were seated first before a few other groups because we were a larger group. The menu isn't exactly anything to go ga-ga over, as their cuisine ranked about the same as most Pho restaurant's I've been to, but they do get major points for being open all night. . . The food came out quickly and was piping hot, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. Worth a second trip? I think so.
Came here with a group of friends after a night of drinking and clubbing for them. Pretty spacious place and got seated right away. It seems that if you order pho it comes out super fast because our friend ordered it and it came out in no time. I ordered Bun Bo Hue because it's one of my favorite dish as I don't like pho too much. WOW it was SUPER DELICIOUS! I usually don't get the sauce on the side like that and it made the soup really flavorful. It was a good size portion too and it has to be one of the best ones I've eaten. Although it may not be the cheapest but it was worth the money. My bf ordered the Singapore noodles and he really liked it! You can definitely taste and smell the curry spices in the noodles. I would come back to this place again for the Bun Bo Hue!
i love how this place was open 24 hours. definitely a good spot to cure that hangover or attempting to sober up. from the time that we sat down, service was superb, however we had to flag down the guy for the condiments. the order and food came out super fast. . . they were definitely not cheap on the noodle and meat. *two thumbs up*
This is good food! The blends of spices and cooking style make this place a hit with me. The have the best selection of dishes here. The meals are as close to homemade is it gets. The service is always fast and the restaurant is the cleanest I have seen out of the several places I have been. I  caution anyone that goes there though, is section of spring mountain is crazy busy with traffic, almost every time I got there, there is an accident.
The best Pho restaurant in the Las Vegas area.
4am.... drunk..... need food......it's cold outside = PHO!!!!. . Granted I was wasted, but I really enjoyed my pho.That's all  i remember. :)
the reason why i never reviewed this place is because we always go here after a whole day of drinking so i never remember what we ate. over the course of the years, i remember eating and liking the pho, the amazing coconut in the young coconut shell, which is not only fun to eat, but very hydrating for the hungover.
came here after a VERY LONG wknd in vegas lol and thought the pho was great here! It really hit the spot and the broth was especially tasty to me (or maybe i was just craving salt lol). The meat was of good quality and the portions were of good size. The prices were pretty average for a bowl of pho.. . the restaurant is pretty big inside and they seat you rather quickly. once we placed our orders the pho literally came out in minutes :). . its located across the frwy from the strip and is an easy drive but if you must take a cab it will prob be around $10 to get there =)
During my Vegas weekend, the GF actually got some crazy sickness and had to be bedridden (which totally sucked). Especially on the strip, trying to get some good, hot soup on the go is nearly impossible (especially since it was President's weekend) so we went off strip to this Pho restaurant. . . When you come in, you know it's a good Pho restaurant when 100% of their clients are Vietnamese and they're all here to eat pho. As we were immediately seated, they took our order of pho and egg rolls. Like any pho restaurant, their food came out almost as soon as we ordered. The pho broth was light and flavorful. Even the GF that was dying said that there was so much different types of flavor going on in the broth. They also gave generous portions of meat in the pho as well. I would say that their meat to noodle ratio was almost 1:1 unlike the other Pho restaurants that I go to in L.A. . . The price here isn't that inflated as well. A bowl of Pho ran 7-8$ depending on which one you got and the egg rolls were 6$. The egg rolls weren't anything special but they were skinnier than the ones I usually get. . . If you're looking for some good pho (especially after those crazy nights), get off the strip (don't go to the one in TI) and come here. It's cheaper and better quality and bigger portions.
Pho places always have the most amusing names... like phobulous, or pho king.... . . This place is open late so it's a perfect place to come after a long night drinking and partying. It'll definitely help prevent and cure hangovers.  The prices were pretty decent and weren't as overpriced as the restaurants on the strip. . . Food:. 1) Salt and Pepper Shrimp - this is amazing! I've become a huge fan of this ever since I came here.  The amount of garlic + jalapenos give the dish an amazing flavor with a considerable amount of kick. Although I haven't been able to find very many places that make it  as good as this establishment.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#6l3mLudSmvBqIIb6fwf0yA. . 2) Egg rolls were pretty good, but smaller than the ones I'm used to ordering. . . Pho Kim Long is definitely a much better deal than many of the restaurants on the strip. You get delicious food and reasonable prices.
PROS. -plenty of large tables for big groups. -the calamari here is one of the best i've had! they must add some magic seasoning to it (msg perhaps? haha). -i picked a plate at random (crunchy pan fried noodles) and it was delicious!. -for me, with tip & tax, it came out to be $15. -we arrive at 11:30-11:45 right before the lunch rush so there was no wait. . CONS. -there was confusion when they delivered the food. they would call it by # when we ordered it by plate name. it's not a super big deal though. -skip the eggrolls! puny and no flavor!. . recommendation? YES! great hang over food!!
It's a taxi ride away from the strip, but definitely worth the trip!. . Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours and they even carry vegan pho.. . Top Picks: Tofu Spring Rolls, Cha Gio, Pho Tai, and the Young Coconut (only $3.50)
For some reason I always crave for Pho when I'm away from home. I decided to come here after looking through yelp reviews for the most reviewed pho restaurants in China town. . . Definitely 5 stars for cleanliness and promptness in their service for an Asian restaurant. This was probably the most clean Vietnamese restaurants I've been to. Decor was modern and restaurant was big - great for big group gatherings or late night munching. They seemed fully staffed so whatever you asked for was done quickly. . . Pho Kim Long serves many other dishes, both Vietnamese and Chinese food, so there's a lot to choose from. I ordered Beef Pho and was very satisfied with my selection. The beef slices were very tender! The portion of beef was generous in the size "small" bowl. I have to compliment them on their soup - I know every pho restaurant uses MSG but this place seemed to use it sparingly. I wasn't super thirsty after eating and did not have a problem slurping up the soup either =) . . This will definitely be my go-to spot if I'm ever back to visit! Come hungry, leave satisfied...especially after a long night of partying =D . . Happy Eating yelpers!
open 24 hours: PERFECT!. pho is GREAT!! got a half order of duck, love the sweet sauce that comes with it but not a fan of the oyster sauce on the bottom it makes the duck skin soggy. the soft noodle with seafood great, lots of flavor. Vermicelli was good, one of my top 5 choices in vietnamese (sp) restaurant. service is always good when im there. fast and friendly.
I thoroughly enjoyed my bowl of Pho with everything in it. Plenty of meat, tasty soup, and fresh vegetables. I wouldn't rank it up there in the top ten, but I really enjoyed the Pho and would definitely go back. Haven't had a better bowl of Pho in Vegas, so this would be my first choice for a hearty bowl of Pho.
I was there on a mini vacation and I we had to try Vegas style pho. The soup.  was good and their number 22 was also delicious. It really didn't even need any sauce. The blend if the flavors were harmonious. The decor was pure Asian beauty. Though its a bit far from the strip it was worth the drive. The service was also very nice and quick.
Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours, which makes it an ideal place to eat at after the clubs close.  One negative about Pho Kim Long is that it is not on the strip, so you have to take a taxi, it is not very far from the strip though.  I got one of the beef pho dishes and my wife got a pork chop with egg and rice.  I enjoyed my Pho, it was what I expected it to be, my wife said she did not like the egg in her meal because it was not cooked in the way that she is used to.  The inside of Pho Kim Long was decorated nicely, with vibrant colors and flowers, and also the quintessential fish tank.  I would recommend Pho Kim Long for the late night eater in Vegas.
A little off the strip, you can find yourself back in Asiatown and this is where you will find Pho Kim Long.. . I've been coming to this place since I was a kid...before I started clubbing in Vegas. Meaning, my family who grew up in Vietnam loves this place and so should you. . . Pho is really good - broth is tasty and pretty addicting and not too salty but definitely full of MSG which explains the minus 1 star. Eggrolls are my personal go to item because I don't really like pho. . Waiting wise, it gets crowded during lunch and around..1AM-2AM? (ie when people start leaving clubs) so if you wanna miss the crowd...come a little later. Other than that, find a DD and come here to satisfy your pho cravings, it's good!
Ever since their new interior design, their food has improved! I have tried their chop suey veggies, really greeeasyyyy. chicken vermicelli is bomb. well-done meat pho.. good. BUT Now that I have been red meat free for couple months, I tried PKL's chicken soup (only comes in large, so share) ..it was delicious! i don't even know how to describe it, maybe that i like it more than their pho, it was that good! so glad i found a new fave item here! . . It doesn't take long to get seated. They have a billion workers so your water will get filled and food comes out FAST!
We started out at the pho place in TI... I vaguely remembered being unimpressed with it. Luckily my bf checked yelp reviews before we actually threw our money down the pit & we bolted out there and came here. . . I told him Chinatown was right around the corner & pho places would be abundant. Yelp helped us choose this place above the rest.. . At first u think it's gonna be a dump but when u get in there u realize this place is pretty snazzy. We like to judge places by their quality of Thai iced tea. Theres was pretty damn good. I prefer the strong tea taste instead of the overly sweet powdery mix. . . We order pho tai & rice with the egg & pork. . . Pho tai: He made it jumbo & it was the perfect size or him. The beef was tender & he said it was one of the best broths he's had (MSG? He doesn't care). . Rice meal: I can see why people would think their portions are normally I would have agreed, but honestly tonight it was the perfect size. I finished everything & was very satisfied. . . Next time I come ro Vegas I'm definitely stoppping by here,
I'm only giving it 5 stars (to start off) because the name is so awesome.. . I was impressed how the waiters came every 5 minutes to ask my table if we wanted refills for our water. They are very friendly. . . I woke up not eating dinner the previous night so I was really hungry the next day and craving for some Pho. I got the extra large Pho hoping it would satisfy my hunger. Apparently for my small size and huge hunger, it came no where close to that. The noodles came in small portion, something similar in the LA area if you were to order a regular size. What's worst is that it came with 4 slices of beef. I would deduct 2 stars but like I said earlier, the name of the restaurant is too awesome. I did not expect to $10 bucks for something that only satisfied half of my hunger. What can I expect? It's vegas.
Great place to eat after a night out. We came here everytime we go to Vegas! They open 24hr which is very convinience. Service is great, and the foods come out fast. We tried couples items on the menu and all of them are good generally speaking. The restaurant is about 5 min away from the strip so when you are sick of the buffet , you can always come here at any time for a bowl of PHO :). It costs $12 to take the cab here :) when you can't drive :).
Pretty decent.  Has a lot of selection and not your typical pho only shop.  . . Pho wa pretty good and hit the spot as that's what I was craving. Wife had a bun vermicelli noodle. She said meeting was not that great. . . The appetizer of garlic calamari was pretty good . . All in all nice break from expensive spots on the strip
24 Hour Pho! YES PLEASE! . . Broth is amazingly flavorful, greens and sprouts were fresh, tai was cut perfectly, and noodles great-- not too mushy, not too hard, and not all stuck together. Service is quick and prompt (especially when its packed at 3am) and food comes out pretty quickly. . . Their menu is extensive with great options, though I have not yet tried it. Also I wish they had more traditional options for the pho (since you have so many traditional dishes on the menu). . Ugh, I won't lie, I crave Pho Kim Long in the middle of the night..
The pho and spring rolls are bomb! Very flavorful, well priced, and fast service
This is my favorite pho and vermicelli place in Vegas.. BTW- don't go to a restaurant of this sort and expect American version of customer service.
A couple of my friends insisted on taking me here when they found out that, even though I absolutely love asian cuisine, I had never had pho before (don't judge me).  I have to say my first pho experience (the rare stake) was excellent, and I am thoroughly hooked.  To top things off, its open 24 hours - A+ recovery food all around.
Anytime you can get pho at 2-6 AM after a night of drunken debauchery and shenanigans is a frickin' blessing and shouldn't be taken for granted.. . The fact that this pho is also good and the meat doesn't resemble rubber is also a plus.. . Whether you are sober, drunk as shit, or your jaw is sore like hell (looking at you etards), pho is food for the soul and will over salvation for any occasion. Come here at any time of the day or night. You know you want to Pho Kim Long all night long ;) or just maybe for 5 minutes and then split, only to Pho Kim Long again the next time you're feeling a little tipsy...
Good Pho and we also had their calamari. That was. good. Good fast service, descent price and good ambience.. I highly recommend this place to my friends and. Families and to anyone.
Good Pho and we also had their calamari. That was. good. Good fast service, descent price and good ambience.. I highly recommend this place to my friends and. Families and to anyone. Just the name itself says it all. Lol......
So here I am, FINALLY writing a review.  I've been here many times and yet, have not taken the time to state why.. . I started coming here less than a year ago with my sister and her bf with the recommendation of one of his friends.  Well, I haven't had pho in many years, it was cold, so sure, why not?!. . It was very tasty.  I tend to get the same things with each visit. Egg rolls, chicken wings, and small #15.  All very satisfying and hits the spot each time a craving sneaks up on me.  I do have to say, I now find myself craving the wings (with TONS of fried garlic on top) more then the pho. My mouth is starting water just thinking about those crispy, juicy little things.. . The baby decided she doesn't like the noodles, so I always get a bowl with a little bit of rice and add the soup for her.  She also, recently, decided she likes the egg rolls too.  . . I haven't really tried any place else for pho, but I know I should, to see if I really do like it as much as I do.  But for now, this is where I'll be.
5 star chicken wings.  If you love freshly cooked chicken wings then this is the place.  Both of the wings that they are offer are amazing.  I have eaten the wings 2500+ reviewed San Tung in San Francisco and Korean style wings at 99 chicken in Sunnyvale and this is up there on my list of all time best wings. . . The calamari was pretty good. Crispy with lots of batter. . Pork Chops - Too chewy average. Egg Rolls - very crispy, comes with fresh veggies and a light nuoc mam. Not enough meat. Pho Ga (Chicken) - good flavor. . Get the wings!!
This would be the first time I'm in Vegas venturing into Chinatown and I was pretty impressed.  This place is spacious and clean.  The staff are very aggressive with their water and service is fast. . . Ordered the seafood egg noodle soup and it had a tasty broth.  The portions were average and I was full at the end. The fried egg rolls were nice and hot and served with lettuce to make it a wrap.  The fresh veggie roll was also good too.  The soy sauce that came with the fried tofu wasn't what I hoped for (what I'm use to when I'm at dim sum) but the tofu was good.  DO NOT get the fried calamari - that thing was so oily and fried in some old oil so it was just NASTY!  . . They also have a variety of drinks and beer so you're good to go on a hot day! . . Bottom line: My friends and I are a fan just not the calamari.
Pho Kim Long.. Pho Kim Long.. Pho Kim Long.. . Yes, it's no mystery; I love the name. I also love the hours and the quality pho served during those available hours of operation.. . My Yelp star rating: 4 stars. . My reasonings for giving Pho Kim Long 4 (Yelp) stars, instead of the 3 I would have given, is for the sheer convenience and availability of some great-tasting pho. This is definitely not the best bowl of pho I've ever encountered, but it sure is good to be able to have "good" pho when I want it and need it most (at 4, 5, or 6am). Take-out pho from Pho Kim Long is my favorite after-Vegas-club remedy. And even though almost anything and everything tastes good when you're drunk, Pho Kim Long is good even while sober and/or hungover!. . The broth is flavorful, but thankfully without that overwhelming, aromatic star anise taste. And it isn't too sweet, either. I like the rare beef/steak pho, and the meat tastes pretty fresh. And perfectly reddish-pink in the middle.. . There is no question as to where I will be having pho when I'm in Vegas!. . You can Pho Kim Long all day and all night!!!!!!. . Yelp 365 - #289/365
I came here sober in the morning and intoxicated at night on the same day because it was that good! They are open 24 hours for the party goers and late night eaters.. . I strongly recommend the fried chicken wings because it's so bomb! They even have the ones marinated in fish sauce (nuoc mam) which had TONS of flavors. The fried calimari was also good being crunchy and topped with flavored seasonings. The Pho here is perfect after a long night of drinking to sober you out. I had the beef and meatballs (Pho Tai Bo Vien) twice and it was delicious both times. My friends had the chicken and complain it was too dry... . Service was great, food came out quick and the decor had a modern Asian feeling to it. Great place and I will surely come here again in my next Vegas trip.
Great for the late-night munchies or as hangover food!. . (+) Large selection of pho, rice vermicelli, and appetizers, OPEN 24/7, location. (-) service can be slow at times
"Pho Kim Long" You've got to love the name!! I went there about 3:30am. The place was packed. We all had Pho [fur]. The service, price, food, atmosphere were all good!!! Taxi's available.  Would i go back? Yes I have been back enough times they recognize our group.This is one of the places many people go after partying,
Very clean, pretty, good service and food was good.. . The springs rolls were probably the best I've ever had, the vermicelli was delicious, and my pho was yummy. This place has a lot of Chinese dishes as well that looked amazing. The prices are affordable.. . My only gripe is I wished the iced coffee was brewed in front of me like I've had before. This place is open late!!
Good spot for Pho and Asian food near the strip.  I have eaten here a half a dozen times; sober, faded and hungover and it always delivers.  Today our Server Jose had our order out in 5 minutes flat and had our cab called and waiting 5 minutes after we were done eating.  The service can be uneven at times but never as bad as some reviews for us.  The experience today was exceptional and exceeded my expectations.
Apparently there's good Viet food out in Las Vegas area. Off the strip but great place to grab a bunch of to-go food for pho hangover cure haha. . Neat, just learned from Jenny D.'s review "It costs $12 to take the cab here :) when you can't drive :)". Very good to know for next time!. . Prices: Pricey compare to the $5 pho I usually get. Its around $8 per bowl.. Quality: Soup, everything is pretty good. Their seafood egg noodle soup actually has a buttload of seafood.. . 24hours!!
Friend Eggrolls. BOMB.
Great food - a little price,  But portion made up for it. would definitely go back!
So, the great thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours. After an all-nighter stretching from California to Vegas, I needed sustenance, hold the grease. Luckily for me, Pho Kim Long was open :). . Now the bad: I felt that the noodles were a little thin, and the soup a bit less flavorful compared to the SoCal variety. However, I was sharing with a friend who was too afraid to order flank and tripe in the soup, so the absence of these delicious meats might have led to the unfavorable comparison.. . Another thing about my friend, she won't eat flank/tripe, but she'll order an avocado smoothie...as if that's not weird. . Nonetheless, the smoothie was great. Just don't let it get warm, because then you start feeling like you're downing a cup of sweet guacamole.
Craving pho after a club in vegas.. This is the place to be.. A bit pricey for Pho but it's late and your hungry then its amazing. Especially having a 24 hours viet place.
A 24 hour Pho place?! WHAT?! I guess anything is possible especially when you're in Vegas. My BF and I love going here after hitting up the club because who else would be open at 5AM serving Pho?! This place hits the spot especially when you're throat hurts after screaming your heads off after watching a DJ spin at a club on the strip, or if your sinuses need to be cleared because of all that cigarette smoke you had to inhale and are now congested.
This was 1 of the 2 meals I had over EDC weekend and let me tell you... It was some of THE BEST PHO I've ever had!!!!!! We came in a group of 8 (automatic gratuity) and were seated immediately. Waters came out quickly and we got our orders and food almost instantly as well. The waiter seemed to rush us a bit but hey, I wasn't complaining since we were late anyway. . . I got the #15 - steak & brisket ($7.50) - and added meatballs on the side ($1). The broth is soo flavorful, it actually tasted worse once I doused my soup in sriracha & hoisin sauce (my usual routine) which is pretty crazy for a pho place if you ask me. The steak is cooked with a little pink in the middle and the noodles are chewy, not soggy like a lot of places. It is a bit pricey for a pho place, but the quality is what you're paying for.. . I honestly can't tell if this is one of the best phos I've ever had, or if I was just that hungry. I was planning on coming back on my last day in Vegas but it took us near 3 hours to get out of the damn speedway parking lot... . . So until next time, Pho Kim Long.
It's your last day in Vegas, you lost all your money...on whatever you did...you don't even remember.. You're hung over as a mofo.  . Your breath be all stank like a dead possum.. Your head feels like it's being squeezed by a hariy giant.. . You get your hot bowl of pho with extra meat for 1 dolla and you feel a little better.. . Then you get in your car and drive the 5 hours it's gonna take to get back to LA where you will work your ass off to save enough money to do it all again.. . Oh 3 servers will come to your table and ask if you are ready to order within 2 minutes of you sitting down.. . And it all happens 24/7.. . Oh and it tastes pretty good too.
Located in the shady chinatown area of Vegas, Pho Kim Long is a nice chinese/vietnamese restaurant where you can get your asian fixins.  . . The group and I ordered the pho with beef brisket, crispy noodles with vegetables, combination fried rice and honey garlic pork chops. Pho had a clean taste and wasn't greasy.  The crispy noodles with vegetables were tasty, the sauce work well with the crunchy noodles.  The combination fried rice was pretty standard, you really can't mess it up.  The killer item was the honey garlic pork chops.  Normally I like to get the fried crispy pork chops, but something about it just made me order it.  It was extremely crispy and seasoned well.  . . Pho Kim Long offers traditional chinese/vietnamese food that is hard to find on the Strip.  Definately check this place out for some good grub.
Our go-to place in Vegas for pho after a long night of partying. The service is great, the food comes out fast, and the pho is pretty decent. . . I've had other pho places on Spring Mountain and I can say this is one of the better ones.
love this place! yummy food & they also have Thai tea with boba which is a sure fire way to make me happy. Open 24/7 which is nice too. service isn't amazing but food always comes out quick and it's fairly cheap.
This is always busy.  It is quality food done quickly.  The rare beef and special combo pho is always a winner.  . Wife loves #24 grilled chicken salad w/vermicelli and egg rolls.  4 year old son kills the egg rolls by himself.
Its delicious. My fave is the combination pho. And for dessert the watermelon-boba drink. The service is ok, they kinda leave u alone lol but sometimes its nice to not have a waiter come by every 5 min unless u need something.
best pho spot off the strip in vegas. kinda ghetto but hey if you eat pho at a spot thats not ghetto you're not eating legit pho my friend. pho tai is the go to meal along with egg rolls and spring rolls. great for a pick me up after a long night of drinking and debauchery in vegas.
Need a hangover cure for your crazy drunken night in Vegas? Don't go to that fake pho place in TI, come here. The pho is quality and although the service isn't the quickest ever, it isn't bad. I love and am very critical about the taste of pho that I eat, but I can honestly say that this place has some pretty good pho, even compared to the many places I've been to in the past. Not only that, but they also give you a decent sized portion for a large. . . I was with two Viet friends who often get homemade pho from their parents, and they both said that the pho was good. That should DEFINITELY count for something.. . The moral of this review? I'm going to continue going to this restaurant every Vegas trip, and you should too.
After 24 hours of no sleep, extreme heat exhaustion, excessive drinking, and nonstop partyin', my poor soul was in dire need of some TLC. . . Pho seemed like perfect cure of my Vegas inflicted bodily abuse. My bf and I stumped in red eye and delusional around 11:30 pm on a Sunday night. The house was almost 80 percent full but we were promptly seated. Here is what we ordered:. . 1. Spring rolls with no pork: I love these. Slightly smaller, but flavorful with sweet tender shrimp and the obligatory peanut dipping sauce. My bf wasn't too please but then again, he might have been eating in his sleep.. . 2. Pho with flank and rare steak: The broth is the winner hear, flavorful and oily. The meat and noodle was standard. Nick said he prefers more and better meat, but I was more than pleased with the noodle and broth. . . 3. Lots, lots, lots, of water.. . . Everything totaled around $21.00. A cheap and good quality meal considering it's Vegas.
I am not a Pho expert at all. I only got dragged here due to the huge amount of Vietnamese people I hang out with. In the past I have never ever like any Pho dish I have ordered from any other place. But because I was starving I decided to give this place a try. The waitress saw the doubt in my face, and suggested a pho bowel for me. I said ok, just to get her to leave me alone. This bowel of Pho was soooo good, this waitress and restaurant changed my outlook on Vietnamese cuisine single handedly. Also compared to other places, this restaurant is visibly clean. Wait stuff blows most of the time, but I don't think they are purposely rude, just the way they are.
Very busy restaurant.  They shuffle people in as fast as they shuffle them out.  We had a party of 10 and got seated right away.  Before I could take a breath, the waiter was ready to take our order.  Then I blinked and the food was out.  . . Pho is pretty good, bun bo hue is ok (kinda bland.  Spring rolls and egg rolls were good. . . They don't have combination noodle bowls or combination rice platters which I found very odd.  . . Service was quick but just average.
Going to be quite honest- I was fairly inebriated when I ate here, so I can only go off from my memories from that night. However, I do have amazing taste inebriated or not! . . Definitely think that the broth here is quality. The service was by far the best coming from a pho shop and I was impressed that they were so attentive even when there were so many people going in and out of the restaurant. They even called us a cab for when we were ready to go home!. . Would definitely go there again.
We went for lunch one day and we were extremely happy.  First of all it's bigger than I thought it would be, and it was pretty full.  Very busy, people were nice.  We ordered some iced Vietnamese coffee which always makes me happy.  The menu is huge and has a lot of food that is not Vietnamese.  The boy ordered a combination bowl that had rice, egg rolls, veggies and sauce and was very delicious.  I ordered the duck noodle soup which had a flavorful broth and lots of good stuff in it.  The duck was very good and crispy.  We also ordered a long bean dish with ground pork.  This was my favorite thing by far.  So flavorful, perfectly cooked and I would easily eat only this for a meal, it was so interesting!  Definitely awesome.  Be back soon!
This place is a staple of Las Vegas. I've been going here since '95. They've come a long way from being a tiny tiny spot with karaoke to this perenial powerhouse of good food. Their prices went up a few years ago and I was a bit unhappy bout it, but dammit, they've got me hooked. Love their Pho, I never stray from Pho Tai because it's my comfort/one food to eat on a deserted island food. Their beef pan fried noodles are well made cantonese style and delicious.
Off the strip more towards Chinatown. The broth was delicious. The portions were too small. But in Vegas, everyone's gonna get you for your monies worth. 8.50 for a bowl, eh, I suppose. Hawaii is just as expensive, and people are gonna pay for it. At least I didn't pay for something that tasted like mess. One thing people don't understand is the broth is different to how you make it taste with the sauces they provide on the table. If you know how to mix your bowl, it will come out bomb.com! If you don't of course you're going to give this place a 1 star for being bland. -_- It's 24 hours, so it's great if you got a hangover, or feelin' way too drunk. But if I ever want pho, I'll pay a cab to take me here just because I'm not paying for no nasty broth closer on the strip.
For Vegas food, this is a to-go place for those who seek Asian food and for those who need something to cure a hangover.  It is reasonably priced, but for our party of 5, it went up to $80 (yes, they charge gratuity!).   Service here is friendly.  It opens late (which is great!!).  My only complaint is that they might forget if you ask for water, need additional plates, spoons, etc.
BOMB!!! . . Only reason I'd give this place a 4 instead of a 5 was because I wasn't sure if our waiter was truly a jerk or he was joking around... he just never cracked a smile.. . Anyway, I ordered their pan fried noodles with beef, my sister ordered their roasted chicken with seasoned rice, and our friend who didn't finish her order got the fried calamari.... Everything was AMAZING! I would definitely go back when I visit Las Vegas again.
A little bit off the strip, but definitely well worth the drive.  A delcious and spunky (C'mon, one look at the name and you have to know that the owner has a sense of humor) place to get a huge bowl of pho....HUGE!!!  The service is friendly and very speedy.  The group of six that I was with was in and out within 30 minutes!  Ridiculous!. . Pros:. -HUGE portions. -Good tasting broth. -SPEEDY (SPEEDY GONZALEZ FAST) service!. . Cons:. -Off the strip... Have a sober person drag your booty here... TOTALLY WORTH IT.
Food is always delicious! I seem to ge the same thing over and over, but eh its because its so good! Rare Beef Pho, eggrolls, chicken fried rice... all delicious. I prepfer spicey everything and I like that they always have sauces you can doctor your food up with! Yum! . . The Pho broth is nice and tastey, not overly salty and not overly oily, and which you can find at alot of other places. . . The major downfall of this place is the horrible service... you really can't call it service at all... We were ignored for a good 12-15min before a manager came over and just said "what do you want". The plus side is the food comes out quickly and the tables turn fast so you don't have to wait long... but you really don't expect good service in a place like this i guess.. . Overall worth the food!
Pho Tai #14 was great!  Spring roll #1 was average.  Thai tea was good.  Service was fast and efficient.
We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the hangover began to take hold.... . Ok, not really. We were on the Las Vegas strip and had been drinking to Gonzo proportions for a couple of days. Anyone who eats pho knows that it is made from ancient magical Vietnamese ingredients and after more than 24 hours in Sin City we knew it was time for a non-alcoholic reset of the liver.. . The night before we were on an epic tear and vaguely remembered our bartender telling us about this place. His name was Mikey and he was a nice guy from the Philippines. We said, "Where do you go for pho?" He said, "Pho Kim Long". *blink, blink* I mean, this IS Vegas so you expect a little adult conversation but GEEZ! Molly shockingly replied, "Well, I never! We just want to know where to get local authentic pho!" He explained that that was the name of the restaurant in Chinatown. The owner's name is Kim Long. "OHHH! Ho ho..." Then we fell off our barstools and got kicked out of the club. I think. I know I ended up in my hotel room because that's where I woke up.... . We didn't plan on leaving the strip the next day but we knew we had to get some pho soon or we would get sucked back into the buffets and bad food experiences we had already grown tired of in the casinos. Local restaurants are the best. So we grabbed a cab and headed for Chinatown.. . Pho Kim Long is in a strip mall just as you get to Chinatown. It's a nondescript exterior so be sure you look for the sign. The interior is a surprise. It's not a four star restaurant, but it's got fish tanks and was clean enough.. . The service was quick and efficient. The beer selection (yes I did continue to punish the liver after all) was weird. They had Heineken and Sapporo but not Bud Light.. . Molly got the chicken pho and I got the seafood rice noodle soup. Both were delicious and full of flavor. The seafood soup had the good imitation crab and that can really make a difference. The shrimp were big and fresh and there was plenty of calamari. But the thing that really set it off was the roasted garlic cloves. That really set this pho apart from others I've had.. . Highly recommended!
I love their spring rolls!. Their Fried noodles with shrimp is my favorite!. My boyfriend introduced me to this place and I am happy he did!. their staff is fast, but not attentive let alone friendly.. Still love the food though.
Late review, but better late than never!  Visited Vegas for my first time in the beginning of August!  We've been eating out everyday for every meal, mostly fried oily dishes and I wanted something homely.  Asked a friend where there's some good pho out in Vegas and she recommended here!. . Although it was a hot 110 degree day, I wanted some pho!  Glad I came here cuz the chicken pho was good!  Didn't care much for the chicken, but the soup and noodles hit the spot!
Every time anyone in our party is craving asian food in Vegas, we head straight here! So far, this has been the best Asian restaurant we've had in Chinatown, so we just automatically come here, now. . . The wait is ALWAYS a pain in the ass, because it's always freakin' packed!! But, the wait's worth it. They redecorated since the last time we've been, and it looks like a mini jungle near the windows. lol It's always very loud in this place. . . Service is typical of any busy Asian restaurant - you don't have a specific waiter : you ask anyone who will come to you for service. haha . . Their food is delish. We had the sweet and sour soup, which had pineapples, beansprouts, catfish, and more. Yum. Their hainam chicken is okay, but it was a big portion. Their stir fried veggies were cooked just right. We also had something called  ca kho, which is catfish simmered in some kind of sauce... I don't know what in the world that sauce is made of, but it's addicting! Mix it with the rice and nom away. . . Their pho is pretty good too, although I forgot how much it was. A lot of places attempt to make pho but never succeed. Luckily, this place does, and does it well. . . What I didn't know is that they charge each person for rice. At first, I was kind of miffed by that, as many place don't, but I realized that this is very reasonable, considering that many people don't finish the whole thing and waste a ton of it. . . Wait out the line and try it! It's such a great representation of Asian food (: You must be tempted now... Go! it's now 24 hours for all you night people ;P
Great place to come for post-clubbing / hangover pho!. . Personally, I'm not a fan of soupy noodle dishes (i.e. pho, udon, ramen, etc...I know bad Asian!) so I got the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork chop and egg rolls.  The marinated grilled pork chop was delicious.. . I came here on a Saturday afternoon around 1p and didn't have to wait for a table.. . The interior of PKL was once of the cleanest/nicest I've seen for a Vietnamese restaurant.
Ok it was late night and we were both trashed, it was about 2am and we had just left Sapphire so we decided to get some pho before we went back to her place., any way service was good and i felt safe knowing that there was 2 security officers on duty in and outside of this place which i thought was a nice touch., i guess a big ass fight had broken out before and things got out of control.. good place to go when hammered and hungry, food came out fast and we were eating our bowls about a little under 10 minutes right after we sat., that's just my experience at night.. I've made an attempt to come here at around noon and the place was packed which i totally understand but i wasn't trying to wait around too long to get my bowl so i went to the one around the corner, OVERALL i liked it and would patronize here again.
Recently I realized that Ihaven't tried the Vietnamese Pho yet and so husband and I made a date out of this. I asked our server if he could recommend  any of the Pho's but unfortunately, I had a hard time understanding him and so I ended up ordering the combination Pho. . . This came in a big bowl and a plate with sprouts and some delicious herb on the side, which I guessed was some type of basil(?). I was very excited to try this soup and I'm glad I did, because it didn't disappoint. I loved the flavor it had and I just couldn't stop eating it. . . My husband wasn't on the adventurous side and tried a beef, noodle dish, which was delicious too.
The very first time I ever tried Vietnamese food years ago wasn't spectacular.  I'm glad somebody took me to Pho Kim Long and now, I'm hooked.. . Pho in some places have that eeewww taste to it from not scooping out the gray meat foam when they boil the meat.  At Pho Kim Long, I've never had a bad bowl of pho.  It always tastes clean.  I get the one with the brisket and rare steak all the time...sooo good!  I also like their charbroiled porkchop with rice, egg rolls and spring rolls with Thai tea on the side.. . Come here any time of the day since they're open 24hours/day.  Good place after partying, nursing a hangover or just because they have good pho (pronounced 'fuh' not 'foe').  Remember, you're coming here for the food, nothing else.  Expect obnoxious and sober tourists from 6pm to 11pm, obnoxious and drunk tourists from midnight to 5am Friday to Sunday, and locals all other times/days.
I love this place!. Its such a good restaurant. the food is wonderful and there is nothing better then being able to get your favorite food at 2am :) The decor is great, its spacious and the staff is nice. I definitely take my friends here and I would tell anyone else to go there.. Its a definite must try and love!
I would eat #23 for every meal if I could.
where do asians from cali go for their vegas hangovers? . . here
I'm here at least once a week. Its usually where I go after a long night of clubbing or when the weather is crap and you need some good soup. . . It's open 24/7 so its convenient. The service is always speedy but my orders are always correct so I have no complaints!
It's always crackin at Pho Kim Long everytime I come here! Usually it's when I'm drunk/after clubs/morning after lol and it never disappoints. Of course pho is the to-go meal for when you're hungover from the shenanigans of Vegas night life, so that will explain the herds of people who are always at this place.. . The food itself is bomb. The pho is always good to have, hot and with all the right flavors to cure your bod. The bun bo hue is also not bad. Egg rolls, of course. Can't say much for other foods that are non-soup because I have never tried them. But the pho, you can't go wrong.
PHO MY PHOKING GAAWD!!!! . . Honestly new to Pho, ive seen all the signs up around Chitown for PHO DIS, PHO YOU AND PHO ME but @PHO KIM LONG! Good call fursure, the service was excellent, and the food was great. I got the shrimp and pork spring rolls as an appitizer and a Pho #13 Meat combination! Phoking awesome, i was feeling a lil sick and now, 2 hours later, im clear of any flu like symptoms from that Pho cure!  I cant wait to go back as they had really good looking duck on the menu, and the table next to us had this mountain of Calimari that looked to die for, i cant wait to go back, Really good price, for really good food, and really good service.
This last weekend (Nov 9-11), I had my first experience with this restaurant.  My friends have raved about the pho here for years (claiming that it is the best pho ever).  I am not really a big fan of pho, but followed the crowd to this place at 3am.  The place was still happening and buzzing.  We were seated right away and given huge glasses of water.  Our order was taken in a timely fashion.  I tried their cube steak and beef porridge.  Both was amazing.  Especially the cubed steak.  They were big pieces and extremely flavorful and juicy.  . Great place to end the evening (or morning)
Yummy, ample portions and great variety.  Good sized restaurant open 24/7.  The staff was attentive and the food great.  Great deal, we left stuffed.  Had two appetizers, dishes and beverages.. . Would go back again.  Not for those with tiny stomachs.
I've gone to Pho Kim Long a few times while visiting friends in Vegas. It's right there on Spring Mountain Road, which is very busy decked out with restaurants and stores. . . At times this place gets really busy. But it usually doesn't take too long to get in. I've tried the beef cubes which are amazing as well as their pho. They do it really well here. Last time I visited we also got the salt and pepper shrimp. YUM. I would say that is a must try. . . This place is definitely one of my favorite spots to eat in Vegas. Best part is that they're open 24 hours as well!
Great hangover Pho if you ask me!
It isn't Pho to Chau in Honolulu but it's good Pho. Can't go wrong with this place. I wouldn't go for lunch hour while at work though this place will make your clothes smell like a kitchen.
Good food. Kind pricey as they charge for the extras.
I heart this place for Bfast.  Pho Kim long is perfect for late night munchies BC they never close.   . . There was only few other customers dinning early am. My order rare beef with a order of added meat balls arrived asap. The the fresh mints, sprouts and jalapeno made my pho yummy on a cold morning.. . Another plus is they take credit cards with no minimum so I'll  certainly return here for bfast for the convenience.
This place is always packed - which is a good sign. Service is very prompt and efficient. You may feel like a this place is a cattle call. When you are done eating, you are expected to quickly pay and leave. The food is great. I typically go for the Pho Tai Chin and the spring rolls. Both of which are made fresh and served within minutes of ordering at your table. This place is conveniently located just a few minutes drive from the Spring Mountain/LV Blvd area of the Strip.
Nice place to have lunch. Pretty decent price for what they have to offer. It gets busy during lunch so be prepared to wait.  The servers were nice and friendly. Haven't had any issues w/ them yet.
One of the best drunk foods there is... as long as you have a DD.. . Certainly not the best pho of my life or even Chinatown, LV. But for being open late, serving up some decent pho at an ok price ($8-9 a bowl), and for being open on New Year's! Solid 4 stars. . . And remember kids... the drunker you are, the better it tastes. As an added bonus, you'll feel less hungover the next morning too.
ah, finally... Vegan Pho!!!! Gotta love it.  You would think that when you order the vegan pho, there would be tofu in it a long with all the vegetables.  Well, there's no tofu in the vegan pho dish.  But it's ok.  It's still very good and tasty.  You can just order the tofu as an appetizer. . . I think the service here  is like any other pho place.  If you want something, then you have to call for the waiter to come over. But it's great that this place is open 24 hours!  I would come back here just for the vegan pho and tofu appetizers.
A nice vacation destination. It's the New Year and I feel lucky for this place. It opens late especially around the 4 am hours. Ate the #13 pho and was completely satisfied. Nothing like hot noodle soup (with some meat if course) after walking around 30 degree weather in the desert. . . Worth the drive for people wanting better Asian food selection away from the strip.
The food here is photastic :-P service is a little slow, but the soup comes out quickly! The place is always busy, but they seat your party in a timely manner. The price is reasonable and best of all its open late!
My inner Vietnamese Pho snob wants to give this place 3 stars. My hungry Vegas cheap college student wants to give this place 4. So let's settle for 3.5.. . Parking: nice little private lot right in front. Yay I love vegas, you never have trouble looking for parking like in LA.. Service: very attentive. They have a freaking army of servers even at 1AM. I was very mindblown. They came by to refill water once or twice, gave us an excess of lemons when we asked for more lol . . Food: definitely the best.pho.ever. A very big bowl contains not that much noodles and beef. But I very much enjoyed the warm comfort food at 1AM in the cold dessert weather after clubbing. MMM MMM MMM. Prices are a little jacked up.... but we have to deal because there aren't that many pho places close to the Strip that are open late-nights. Very FRESH and clean bean sprouts. I was very impressed! All the legit leaves were there too!. . We paid and were about to leave. DUN DUN. Ice and Coco for E's Ice Loves Coco came in. THEY EAT PHO?!?! Mindblown part 2. Just for that, I gave Kim Long the extra half a star for their coolness! Will be back the next time I'm hungry for some cheap eats late at night in Sin City :)
One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas, that also why the place is always really crowded.. Expect long waiting time, but with awesome service. They always have many servers no matter how late, and very attentive. . Pho & family-style dishes are very good, and have authentic taste. I love their deep fried tofu and fish in claypot.
You can't go wrong with Pho Kim Long. Morning , noon, or all night! Quality food, fast service, and friendly environment.  Order anything. It'll be above average.
Came here twice during the weekend for my bun bo hue and banh xeo fix. And yes, i ordered the same thing both times. The servers were coherent and quick with everything. They actually show compassion and wants to start a conversation with you--this rarely happens to me especially not at Asian restaurants. They are open 24 hours so a friend and I came here during 3AM after the club. The place was busy during this time, but our food still came out in a timely fashion. Will definitely come back. This place did not get the full five stars despite all of the great things because I like my bun bo hue a little on the sweet and very spicy side. Add chili to the soup just doesn't do the trick...
I didn't get the PHO so i can't comment on that, but I will be back to get it next time! We ordered the peppered filet mignon and the braised fish in the clay pot (ca kho and bo luc lac for the vietnamese peeps) Both were really flavorful! The steak was tender and juicy. The fish was a yummy balance of sweet and savory, definitely recommend! One star off bc i thought they used way too much ground pepper.  It was clean and crowded for a Tuesday night and we had great service.I will be back for the pho in the near future!!
I am always weary when it comes to going to Vietnamese restaurants. I am also kind of hesitant when it comes to Vietnamese restaurants that serve Chinese food. With that being my family's background, it is hard to eat at some places and not say that one of my parents could make it better.. . It has been forever since I went to a restaurant with the intention of getting pho. I came here with a group of friends to celebrate one of them getting a promotion. None of us ordered from the Vietnamese menu. It is probably for the best, because I am unforgiving most of the time. . . Instead we got items off of the Chinese menu and did it family style. The eggrolls and crab rangoons are nothing special. I would rather skip the appetizers and just order more entree dishes. The Pepper Beef is generous and comes with a beautiful array of broccoli. Mongolian Beef was tender and had a decent flavor to it, but it lacked the kick. Kung Pao Chicken had me searching out for the hot peppers to make up for the previous dish. The Singapore Noodles came in a mountain sized portion and had a subtle curry flavor to it. The stand out dish was the Honey Garlic Porkchops. They are phenomenal. Large pieces of boneless and bone in meat fried crisp, tossed in a lightly sweet sauce, and topped with fried chopped garlic. I was grabbing piece after piece.. . Not only is Pho Kim Long a place to sooth your hangover. It is a place to get it started. With a decent selection of mainly imported Asian beers and a few common domestics, you can begin the party. Add in some cold sake to do sake bombs and you have a party. With 2 apps, five entrees, and three rounds of drinks we paid $120. It is a deal.
Def my favorite Pho' restaurants in Vegas!!! I love this place! It's open always and the food is hot, plenitful and Delicious! . I sometimes get entrees, and they are always great, but my all time most ordered is the Pho'... I sometimes order it with the egg noodles for a different taste. Both fantastic.. Hope to see you there sometime! :)
Never had pho and didnt know what to expect. For a person that doesnt understand the concept of the menu, its very hard to know what you are getting and the difference between the items on the menu.  I decided to not ask and go with a simple chicken pho. Besides 2 pounds of scallions on top, the pho was amazing for my standards. Obv i have never tried it before so i cant tell the difference between good and bad pho.  I also ordered sweat and sour shrimp. I have probably had chinese food 500x in my life, and i can tell you this dish was probably in the top 5 dishes i have ever had. Amazing. The service was extremely fast but not overly friendly. I also dont expect much from these waitors so it didnt bother me. I will def be back, and cant wait to try some different kinds of pho.
It's like a fusion asian restaurant usually when you think of pho, you'd expect only Vietnamese food but there's a variety. The atmosphere & vibe is great. So is the pho, which was excellent. Next time I'm in Vegas, I plan on trying out some new stuff here. This is a really great place to get a pho fix, I consider this a place for excellent delicious sober food.
ALways fast and efficient service and great Pho!
good pho, good friend rice and good duck. open late and the food comes quickly and hot. definitely a good night cap!
My go to place for Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice!. Add in a side order of their crunchy good spring rolls and I'm set. Fast, almost always friendly service, and I've always wondered how that night manager, at least he looks like the manager, is able to stay that skinny when he is surrounded by all this food...
Place is not that big but the service is super speedy and we ordered and our stuff was out within 10 minutes.  Plus side its open 24 hours!!
Food quality: 4/5. The pho here is awesome! I loved mypho tai chin with some bo vien. It wasn't too hot and the noodles didn't stick together. The one thing I wasn't impressed with was the spring rolls which are something my girlfriend and I almost always get with our pho, hence the 4/5.. . Customer service: 5/5. It's good for any sort of asian food place. The people were courteous, kept my water filled without me asking, and delivered the bill promptly/returned the receipts.. . Ambiance: 4/5. The place is in the heart of asian town on Spring Mountain Rd. It's nice inside and smells strongly of pho (which is why you're going here, right??). The one thing I disliked was the fish tank looked quite unkempt while I was there, but that could have been something they were in the process of cleaning or something... Still, minus one star.
I give the food 4 stars and the pho 2. I was excited to try the pho here because the place I like to go has horrible service! I had the pho vegan add chicken and hubby to be had beef brisket. We also shared the calamari since we love trying it wherever we go.. . This was my second time here. First time I went with a big group and got a bunch of things. Crispy noodles, chinese broccoli, walnut shrimp, and other things. It was a while ago. Everything was pretty good. I would come back here to . eat but not for pho. Broth had little flavor. I had to add sauces to mine so I could eat it.my fiance had the same problem.  There are better phos  in Vegas than this place but the food here is good!  . I was also excited to try the calamari because it got good reviews on here an I'm a huge fan! Sorry but it really was just ok. It was crispy but very greasy and that turned me against it. . . Service was good. Idk Im a server myself so I guess I expect people to introduce themselves to a table. The guy just stood in front of us smiled and waited until we talked to him. Awkward! Lol but overall it was good. I'd come back but not for pho or the calamari.
This place has excellent food.  The service is very fast to bring food, but you almost always have to ask for the check.  It's a little loud there especially on busy weekend nights.  They redecorated a few years back making the place much cleaner and nicer to dine at.  I have eaten many items here, but find that the Chinese food is average and the Vietnamese food is excellent.  I especially like the pork chops, Bun, and the KimPho Long egg rolls.  The Pho is good, but not their best dish - I think the broth could use some more flavor  Some of the best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas and we have tried many of them.
Date/Time:  Saturday - 12pm. Occasion:   Lunch to kick off the weekend. Party of:  Four. Ordered:  pho tai bo vien; steak on the side. Total incl gratuity: ~$10pp. . What Vegas trip is complete without stopping by for pho?  This place is really nice for a pho restaurant.  Decor is clean and modern.  The food is good too.  Broth comes out nice and hot too.  Must give props to their extra attentive and friendly service.  I ordered pho tai bo vien with steak on the side.  They inadvertently forgot to give me steak on the side.  I actually didn't even say anything and the manager brought out a plate of steak as well as a hot bowl of broth for me.  Very considerate.. . A must visit for those visiting Vegas looking for a remedy for their hangovers.  Avoid primetime lunch on weekends -- wait tends to be a little longer.
Cameher for dinner and walking into this place is very nice and service is good. Ordered the spring rolls which come with a sauce idk what its called but its very good and addicting. I ordered the chicken pad thai noodles and my gf ordered sweet and sour shrimp. Let me tell you the chicken pad thai was very good and flavorful. The sweet and sour shrimp was good but not my favorite. Its a little to sweet from others i have tried. But overall i will be coming back to try other items on the menu..
This is one of my favorite go to places for pho and vietnamese food.  Its super popular with the locals and its menu is wide and there are lots of choices.  The menu is visual and multiple pages so you can actually get lost trying to make a decision.  It can be pretty packed in the evening,  and nearly impossible to get a seat in under 30 minutes in the early am after the clubs let out.  The staff is pretty attentive and gets food out in about 15-20 minutes after its ordered.  The dishes are served family style,  meant to be shared,  but i often eat an entire dish to myself.  I usually order the delicious spring rolls (cold),  the deep fried tofu pillows,  and either the seafood phad thai,  or the honey walnut shrimp,  which melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend pho kim long.  The fact that it is 24 hours, makes this a super useful spot to get your Vietnamese good fix anytime of the day or night!. . Cheers! . . -MikeB
I'm a fan, I mean, the name alone draws you in... Then when you ask locals where to go, they'll still say the same... Sure there are other good places around, but this is just as good as them all!
open late night, nice prices and an Impressive dining room. yes sir! food is good too And fast!!
Love the food here. I ordered Pho Dac Biet & Che Ba Mau :)
Yayy for pho after a long weekend of partying! I don't think I've ever gone to vegas and not come here on our way back home. The food is good! . . The service is slow due to so many people and theres always a line which are the only cons to this place. Its not the BEST pho I've ever had, but coming here has turned into a routine after a long vegas trip.
Totally awesome food but its one of those places that needs to buy out the spaces next to it to make it bigger so the wait isn't so long lol. Great pho, great salt n pepper pork chop and rolls.....overall awesome...
Totally awesome food but its one of those places that needs to buy out the spaces next to it to make it bigger so the wait isn't so long lol. Great pho, great salt n pepper pork chop and rolls.....overall awesome...
I love this place and I go here A LOT but that doesn't mean it is good, it is just comforting I suppose. I don't generally go late night or when I am drunk. Mostly lunch dates.. Service: I have been coming here since 2008ish and it has slowly just gotten worse over time. The wait staff is always rushing you. I think it is ridiculous to be asked 4 times by the same time if you are ready to order within a 7 minute span. It makes you feel like "Hey we don't want to satisfy you, we just want your money and for you to leave." We got our food and halfway through our meal a lady came over and gave us our check, said thank you, and asked us are we done? My friend and I were both literally sitting with utensils in hand and half eaten plates of food. "No... We aren't" I commented to my friend under my breath about how rude that was and she must've heard because she came back and took the check away. It has been feeling this rushed since they underwent their makeover a while ago.. Food: the pho is delicious, all the rice noodle/egg roll combination dishes are amazing. I mean I would walk on hot coals if their egg rolls were waiting for me on the other side. I have never had an issue with any food being bad. But I love their calamari and sometimes it is amazing and sometimes, well, it is just deep fried squid.. Check it out and decide for yourself.. The egg rolls are the only thing that stop me from giving it 3 stars.
I am a fan. and this is why. The Pho may not be the best you've ever tasted, but Its pretty damn good. I mean really how many ways is there to make Pho? Had the Beef tendon pho, it hit the spot. Aside from the pho, they're ong choy (water spinach) was sauteed well, great sauce. Fried Calamari, was probably the best i have had, I couldnt stop eating it. and the roast duck had a lot of flavor, and you could tell it was made fresh, not re-heated. I can't seem to get a grasp on what type of sauce it was. the salted fish fried rice was also flavor, and you could actually taste the salted fish unlike other places (sam woo). these items are some of the same dishes I get at several asian restaurants just to compare, and the version here are right up there to one of the best i have had. . . Just to comment on people talking about service and such, I don't mean to be harsh, or offend the asian culture, because I consider myself asian myself. But the bad service? first these types of places is not a pf changs or a pei wei. they're not here to ask you how your day is going. they're just not, some of them don't even speak english. yes when they bring out the food to you, sometimes they rush, or kind of pack all the dishes on the table, looking like they slam the plates on it., theyre a little rough and maybe your oolong tea spills a little from your cup. you know what thats a sign of? that it's authentic. Some of the best places I have eaten at in California were like this. actually my favorite place back home, was like this, won't exactly strike you as fine dining and not the most polite servers but best food hands down. I once went to a place in San Francisco, where you had to go down they're basement to go to the bathroom, a little scary, but what shocked me more was how good they're food was
Wow, I've been here so many times, always after 9pm with friends.. Best Pho I've had.
Delicious pho! The service isn't very attentive, but the food tastes great. I have been here twice, and both times were packed but didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated.
I've been here a couple of times while in Vegas -- pho is always great for the morning after partying til the wee hours of the morning. ;) The prices are slightly higher than in LA and the regular size is on the small side, but the broth is flavorful, the beef is tender, and the herbs/veggies are fresh. And they're open (almost) 24/7! Works for me!
PHO for breakfast is the BOMB....my first time here...it's always a plus to me when a place serves some kind of soup during breakfast...it is a hearty meal...and totally a soul food for me.  This will be one of my go to places when I go to Vegas.
I came here hungover.. Hoping the pho would help me with my hangover. But no. Pho is pretty good I guess. #13 I'm still hungover after all this
Can never go worng with this 24Hr PHO!   It's fast and tasty!  Drunk after the CLUB? Take a cab here!!!
YESS!  . . A legit,  24 hour, Pho spot in Vegas that is just a cab ride away from the strip!. . Me and my friends came here at 4am after a night out and we were starving!  On a scale of 1 to 10 my level of excitement was 11.  Upon entering, one thing turned me off.  The smell!!  It smelled like they've used the same old, dirty, moldy, rag to wipe down the tables for 100000 years without washing it. The whole restaurant had an old wet towel smell to it.  Regardless, I was still excited to eat. . . I ordered the Rare Steak and Brisket Pho  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#Q1aVULe4TLE41w5R-r7gWg).  The broth was flavorful, refreshing, and not too oily.  The brisket and steak were perfectly cooked and tender.  They gave me a generous amount of noodles too!  Don't forget to ask for the side of sliced onions!  Maybe it's just  a Korean thing and we're trying to make ghetto-kimchi, haha.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#osrvZk6r45zRC0stiCZ0tQ) . . I wouldn't recommend the chicken pho... I tried my friend's chicken pho and it just tasted like salty water-- where's the chicken flavor hmmm?
Went her with a friend, and we order the noodle soup. It was really good I decided to get shrimp with it. The soup came out fast, but the service was very poor such as having to flag down the waiters for the bill. I will be going back.
This is by far one the best PHO houses in Las Vegas.  I love late night spots and this one has my heart.  I suggest getting the large Pho Tai every time.  It's what I go for!
* Spring Rolls ($4.95) - 5 STARS: Super fresh and delicious. Definitely get this!. . * Beef Pho - 3.5 STARS: The broth is pretty good, but the noodles tasted grainy like they've been cooked too long and there wasn't too much meat in the bowl. Despite this, after a night out this really hits the spot.. . * Avocado Smoothie - 5 STARS: I think I had the best avocado smoothie of my life here. They got the sweetness, liquidity level, and pearl texture perfect. Not to mention the avocados were perfectly ripe.. . It's such a short cab ride from the strip, and the food was all around pretty good. I would definitely go back. I am still on search of my favorite pho spot in Vegas though!
yum yum yum! Thank God pho finally came to Vegas! Came here twice on a two night, three day weekend. LOL TWICE! The pho here is pretty good! They give you PLENTY of meat. Maybe too much meat. The prices are very reasonable. Noodles are soft, maybe a bit too soft. A small bowl is plenty for girls, guys may want to get the large bowl.. . It can be very busy here so be prepared to wait a bit during busy hours or call ahead of time to see how long the wait would be. They only only offer pho, but also have all sorts of other food dishes! The pad thai here is pretty good as well, according to a friend who had pad thai instead of pho.. . They also have alcohol and boba drinks. Parking is pretty tight when busy. The parking spots are pretty small.. . Will be back when back in Vegas!
Probably the must go place after a wild night at a club. This place is pretty darn good for pho. It is about $7-8 for bowl of pho. . . Pros: . Takes Card. Open 24 Hours. Fast service. Easy Parking. Spacious . Clean. . . Cons:. gets super busy around 2-3
I don't get the 3 and half stars. It's definitely a four or 4 and half star easy. But I guess it wouldn't matter because there's always a long wait anytime of the day. Came here for the first time Memorial Day weekend and has to be the best Vietnamese restaurant in the Vegas area. Ordered the calamari, vermicelli with pork and egg rolls and a side order ofthe pho and it was all delicious. The hostess there with the tattoos(forgot her name) was very nice and recommended the calamari. The waiters did forget one of our orders, but there was plenty of food for two of us. Will be a regular stop everytime I come to the Vegas area
Always consistent in hot, good pho! And it's open late night so it's perfect, for filling your belly post alcohol consumption.
Excellent food, great service and very clean.  Had the #14 soup, Pho with Pork.  They even bring you the fixin's for your soup as toppers.  They have a small drink menu.  I enjoyed it very much.  Fantastic after a night of drinking and you want to unwind.
This is the place in Vegas for pho.  It is so good!  Big bowl of broth!  . . Every time I tried other pho places (because it is pretty far from where we live) it didn't compare to Pho Kim Long.  It was worth the drive and you can always count on them being open.  And no wait really and the food comes out fast!. . The only thing is sometimes it smells like wet rag.  Not sure if its the tables or floors?  But, the smell kind of goes away after 15 min
we arrived at the restaurant around 5:30am and ordered some pho!  it was delish!!! the place was packed and we had to wait about 15 mins but worth the wait!  the food comes out quickly and it's good.  honestly, i forget how much every item was but i just remember paying about $64 for everything: 4 bowls of pho, spring rolls, tax & 20% tip.
Since moving away from SW Vegas, away from my beloved Bamboo Bistro, we decided to make Pho Kim Long our main Vietnamese spot, and it hasn't really disappointed!. . All dishes that we have tried are very affordable in price and even more generous in servings. We have enjoyed most of the dishes they have served us. . . The usual night hostess is very sweet and helpful, always taking drink orders and actually paying attention to the patrons. I remember when she went out of her way to bring me my soda when our server forgot about it, very awesome.. . Speaking of the service, it's sub-par really. Most of the servers we have received don't checkon us often, let the glasses go empty for awhile, or don't seem interested in ensuring great service. Being a manager at a restaurant on the strip I have high standards, however I realize that not every business is like mine, and I can't judge other servers too much.. . Food, amazing. Atmosphere, very casual. Hours, amazing, 24 hours. Go. Eat. Now!
Before a concert my boyfriend brought me here as a first pho time eater. It's located in the heart of Chinatown on spring mountain. Parking was a pain but we managed to get one (not like there's a lot of space in Chinatown). Walked in and the place was pretty busy, about a 10 minute wait, not so bad.. . Once we were seated the waiter took our order. We got the flank and brisket pho with an order of combination fried rice. Since I had never eaten pho before my boyfriend made my bowl for me. It came with a plate covered with greens to brighten up the dark brothed soup. I did add everything to it and also added a few dashes of chili sauce to have a kick. My goodness, this soup was uh mazing. The broth was hot but not lava and they are not stingy with meat. The bowl is big enough for my boyfriend and I to share and so was the rice. The rice was nice also, had plenty of chicken and shrimp the order is huge. . . The check with both the rice and soup (drinks also) was under $25 how can you go wrong. Left stuffed but satisfied. Been here a few times more because no other pho joint has been this good. The only reason I took off one star is because the service is very slow and sometimes you have to call for someone to seat you or take your order. I understand you're busy but they need to become more organized.
their fried calamari is the best! their choice of appetizers caters to various entrees from pho tai to shrimp fried rice! i always get their crab wontons with the delicious sauce. dont forget the coconuts! you really do have a lot to choose from at this pho fine dining cuisine!
Gotta love Chinatown when you're in the mood for pho at midnight! This place was open and busy late on a Tuesday night- so you know it must be good. Add to that the hilarity of the restaurant name itself, and you'll know how I ended up there with a snickering group of dudes with a late night appetite.. . Our table shared the Vietnamese spring rolls as an appetizer, along with a bowl of pho, the pan fried noodle, and the chicken wraps, all of which were really good. The panfried noodle was a good amount, but I would personally have preferred more veggies and the inclusion of something other than the baby bok choy, such as mushrooms and broccoli. The chicken lettuce wraps were good- more chicken than lettuce, but tasty enough that we didn't mind and much better than the other way around.. . Service was a little slow but was efficient. Menu is large, and it took a while to make up our minds- unfortunately my first choice order was the crepe, and I was told they were out. I'm not sure how they'd be out of eggs or how that works, but I guess it just means I'll have to come back another time to have it.
I came here for lunch today & already want to go back. It's located directly behind my apt complex so access is very easy & tempting. For being such a busy place with diverse ethnicity groups eating here they sure to handle the traffic well. I ordered the fish fillet & mixed greens with great delight. The fish was soooooo tender & full of flavor I couldn't stop putting it down. The mixed greens were very fresh & full of flavor as well. I also ordered some chicken lettuce wraps on the side & those were good as well, nothing spectacular but definitely up to par. Would I go back?? YES!!! Also, going to bring some family through here also
This place is good.. . Really good, even.. . Until every single one of your friends wants to go here.. . At different times of the day.. . Each day you're here.. . 4 times eating here is my record during one 3 night stay.. . That's more bun bo hue than I eat during the rest of the year.. . Protip: Ask for extra satay sauce. That's what makes the bun bo hue delicious.
Delicious and quick service for those of you who go at 4am after a night on the strip. Everyone was friendly. The prices were decent. And the place seemed clean. Definitely would go back if I ever needed another 4am Pho trip in Vegas.
Albeit a bit off the strip, this is the go to post-Vegas Pho destination. It's cheap, amazing, and a good hang-over meal before getting back on the road. There is also a Lee's next door for some Ice Coffee prior to driving back.
Great pho ga!
Reading some of the neg reviews and figured what most had in common were that they were in large groups. I've only ever been with party of 4 max and never had any service problems. I agree, wait staff come off as rude, but I think its just a language/culture clash. I have to say I love the pho here...maybe since it was my first pho experience and I compare all others to it. The broth is very clean and flavorful. I like mine with egg noodle instead of rice noodle, which makes it more substantial. I've tried various other dishes and haven't had one I didn't liike yet. My only complaint is rice does not come with many dishes...wtf!, this is an Asian restaurtant how could it not. Having to pay extra for rice seems a little nickle and dimey, but I guess you're at their mercy since it is impossible not to eat rice with your meal here. Besides that, I do make a monthly trip here cause the food is great.
Pho was really good as well as the spring rolls with peanut sauce!  This is now my pho place in Vegas and It's great that they're open late.  The place is nice and quite large and we were seated immediately.
I'm fan based on the name of the restaurant alone! . . That being said, the Vegan pho was absolutely delicious. It had many fresh vegetables and tasted great! The shrimp and pork spring rolls were also very fresh and a great starter! I also highly recommend the coconut juice that comes in the coconut! :-). . Overall great experience, and I can't wait to take older adults here just to hear them say the name of the restaurant and not get it! :-)
Can never go wrong w this place! Got the #13 w some spring rolls and wantons. Everything quick and on point. Also open 24hours, perfect for the Vegas life
Always made it a point to stop by for Pho when in town.. Love the 24 hour service
Yummy place to satisfy any Pho craving!  Got the pork vermicelli bowl with egg rolls, super yummy combination! Also try the lettuce wraps, super light and delish!
This place is a definite MUST when you're in Vegas. It's like a hip Vietnamese restaurant where all the young kids go after a night of clubbing. They're opened 24/7 so it's perfect to stop by anytime.  It IS called PHO Kim Long so you gotta try their pho and nothing else because my aunt did NOT enjoy her Com Suon Nuong (rice with grilled pork?). I'm not sure if it's always packed on weekends but when my family and I arrived at 11AM on a Sunday, it was a full house.  Service was mediocre.  Our server could have been more attentive.  It took a really long time for our pho to come out due to the party of 15 before us.  Other than that, Pho Kim Long was a good experience.  I'll be bringing my friends here after a long night of drinking and dancing :)
It's the best pho in Vegas ... only Vegas!. I have had better ones before ...
Every time coming to Vegas and want a good Vietnam foods, this is a place to go to.  Portion is good and price is reasonable. They open 24 hours.. The place is clean too. BUT today, one of the young server/busboy, 17 yo perhaps... Had an attitude!!!  U can clean the table, but there's no law u cannot sitdown while u wiping the table, especially when the other server told me its ok to sit... Overall I like this place.
Been here a few times everytime I go to vegas.  Food is great and quick.  I don't get good authentic viet in the NY area so I have to either come to Vegas which is on par with Houston and SoCal where the concentration of vietnamese are.  Not much more to add to all the good reviews already here - just here to add to that number.
Great food, especially for the late night food.  Their Pho is great for the price too.  Food comes out fast and always tastes great!  I work a graveyard shift , so I always go here for great food.
I always been too faded by the time I make it out here to truly rate the food but i finally made it on this past trip!. . Pho Kim Long is located off the strip in Chinatown area of Las Vegas. Very popular late night spot for locals and frequent visitors. If you're craving pho, this is the spot to get it at!. . Extremely reasonable prices for the food (very cheap compared to the Strip!) and good sized portions. Pretty much every dish is under $10.. . As far as the quality goes, its pretty good! i'm from San Jose so I'm pretty familiar with Vietnamese food, and Pho Kim Long can hold it's own. No complaints with the pho, rice plates, or vercimelli bowls!. . Only downfall is that it gets super busy around 3am. So if you're super wasted and don't have the patience (or ability lol) to sit around and wait, I would look for other options.But other then that, this is one of my favorite off-strip joints in Vegas!
After the inaugural podcast with local artists, The 80's Kids, we decided to check out our favorite Pho place in the valley!  PKL is a place I've been frequenting since moving to Las Vegas 6 years ago.  This 24 hour joint offers some of the best Pho I've tasted.  On my drive over, my mouth salivated with anticipation for what was about to happen!. . It's located on Spring Mountain and Valley View in a super long Chinese themed strip mall.  To me, this building signifies the beginning of Chinatown.  It says, I have arrived in Las Vegas' Asian scene and makes me feel right at home!  When you get into the restaurant, there's a pretty tight seating area.  The idea, though, is to have a lot for tables for dining.  The place is decked out with different tones of brown, Vietnamese and other Asian inspired design and art.  Statues of elephants and Asian soldiers gives an extra accent to the place.  Our service was a little sub par.  The server wasn't the most personable.  Didn't greet us.  Just came over and asked if we were ready to order.  At the end of the night, we literally had to walk up to him to get our check.  Thank goodness the food was good.... . For my meal, I always, get number 15:  Beef Pho Noodle Soup with rare steak and brisket for around $8.  This soup is on point!  The soup is packed with thin strips of brisket and rare steak.  The rareness continued to cook in the warm broth.  The noodles were thin but plentiful.  There was also green onions in the dish, served with bean sprouts, sliced jalapenos and basil stems on the side.  All components offer a different but pleasant texture and flavor.  All seemed to mesh very well together.  But let's talk about the star of the show: the broth.  The broth is what sealed the deal for the dish and real brought a flavorful effect.  It wasn't too salty or overpowering.  It's was just right.  Warm and packed with beef flavor.  SO GOOD!!!. . Listen, if you haven't tried Pho Kim Long yet, you are definitely missing out!  Like mentioned before, this joint stays open all night.  Great for monsoon season, winter season and after a night at the clubs.  Look for the Chinese strip mall and stop by!
I have to admit, I was tripped out by the name. I mean, say it five times fast and you're gonna have the chuckles! My mom, sister, and I once had a field day about the name (which may be a blessing in disguise since it kept us in great spirits during our midnight food runs). It doesn't make it any better that I reside by a Pho Kim Long in the San Jose area. But I digress. Now onto the review! This place is where my family and I go to when we need our pho fix. It's seems perpetually open and a convenient drive from the strip. The staff is surprisingly nice and upbeat on all my visits (something you don't really experience from any other pho restaurant no matter what time you go there.). Reasonably priced and good food. This restaurant sets the bar on Vietnamese restaurants. I will definitely go again if I'm ever in Vegas and want pho. I have even recommended people here.
We came here on a Tuesday night and ordered the well-cooked beef pho, fried egg rolls, and seasoned rice with roti chicken for $30. . - Fancy 24hr Viet restaurant. Nice flowers and fish tanks. - First ever Viet restaurant where a non-Asian was our waiter. Not saying its bad, but I appreciate the diversity! haha. - Living in SoCal, the pho is pretty darn expensive. But compared to SanJo, it's a bit comparable. $8ish for a reg bowl of pho.. - Pho was great. Not bland, not too salty. Beef was tender. Pretty comparable to the other Viet restaurants around the area. . - Average tasting egg rolls. Crispy. pretty thick. . - They serve food other than Viet. I'd be a bit pessimistic trying it. Pad Thai? I think I'll stick to a Thai restuarant. . - Seasoned rice and chicken was delicious. Chicken was cooked well and crispy. Excellent flavoring for the rice. You don't need extra sauce to taste any flavor. Perfect! . - Service was good. No complaints. . - To call it the best, I'd have to disagree. But the presentation is a lot better than many other Viet restaurants. Great place to introduce your non-Asian friends to Viet cuisine.
I had never had Pho before and I had parked in this lot to go get a mani/pedi. But I also needed to get some protein in my system. This place was right in front. I saw that it had a "Best of Vegas" banner and after I walked in I realized that my friend suggested this spot to me before. . . I went for a rare steak and brisket Pho. My honey went for a three meat Pho. We also ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken, which was my favorite item of the night and by far the best sweet & sour I've ever had. . Back to Pho. I like soup. I like noodle in my soup. I didn't like one of the greens they used. It had a light minty taste, but wasn't mint. Whatever it was (I think they also brought it out on the side for us to add into our soups), it distracted me in a bad way. The leaves look like basil, but definitely aren't basil. Anyway, if it wasn't for that, I think I would have become a bigger fan of Pho than I currently am. The meat was alright. Tasted too bland. But again, this was my first Pho experience. I guess this is how Pho works and I may not be a fan. I don't have to love everything I eat and everything that others love, right?. . Their service was extremely fast. Five minutes after we placed our order, the Pho was out. Wow.
The best pho place to end up after a long night of drinking and partying. . Quiick service + good pho = A happy drunk beezy. . . The calamari here is delish too. But only when youre drunk! I was craving the calamari sober so I went back SOBER, mind you and yea it wasnt to die for any more. Actually it was quite greasy which is aparently great when youre wasted. Kinda like jack in the box tacos great when drunk not so great sober. Dont get me wrong tho the pho is still good sober. Hah.
First pho place I went to outside California, who knew Vegas has a decent pho place! I liked the atmosphere and the environment. Service was fast and friendly and the bowl of pho was pretty damn good. I had my share in pho and this is one of the top, maybe top 15. The broth was not too sweet or too sour; it had the right consistency to it. They gave us a lot of noodles but that's not a bad thing made me full pretty fast. The meat is good, very little though compared to some places.. . Will come back here whenever I go back to Vegas.
24 hour pho - what's not to like?. . For whatever it's worth, I'm from Los Angeles (born and raised). I know pho. I've been eating it ever since I was a pubescent teen. . . Pho Kim Long is good. Whether it be day time or night or dawn, you can always expect decent portions and decent taste from this place. . . What really made me a fan was the customer service. I went here to eat at 4:30AM and yet there were more than 5 staff (waiting tables) willing and able to heed my beckoning calls. . . Pho Kim Long is not only clever (in name), but in business practice and taste. . . 4 STARS well deserved! I would have given it a 5-star had all members of my party been fully satisfied. Unfortunately, we had a couple unhappy campers. . . Even so, I heavily encourage a visitation.
PHO KIM LONGGGGGGGGGG the place that opens all night LONGGGGGGG! Yes that is right they open 24 hours in Las Vegas so after a night of partying all night LONGGGGG, you should definately come here to cure your hangover! There menu here has alot of items. From rice plates, to soup bowls, to smoothie drinks! One of my favorite spots for late night eating in las vegas!
Best Egg Rolls in Chinatown!!! They come out super fast too.  The selections of Pho and their Chinese menu are perfect night caps.  Plus after midnight it's a eclectic crowd from Tourist, locals getting off work & Club peeps rolling in drunk LoL. Nothing bad on menu.
Me and my Family love coming to this restaurant all the time.  We love the beef Pho soup especially.  We're planning on coming again this Friday for some Pho soup!  The place always packed.  Sometimes it takes a while waiting on food or your check but the food always good.
Big crowds, long waits, good food!  Ate here twice during my inaugural trip to Vegas - would definitely come back here next time I'm in town!
Not much as changed since I wrote my first review over 3 yrs ago.  Many visits later...the food has been solid....some of the best Pho in Vegas.  However, the service here is still weird....servers are still miserable and unfriendly...I've come to accept it as fact that they don't like us because we're not Vietnamese.  Combine that with all of the drunks that come in here during the late night and early morning hours and they have a generally bad disposition to outsiders coming to eat here.  It's become part of the lore that is Pho Kim Long....at least amongst our friends.. . My fav dish here is the Beef Combo Pho....so good, I can eat it morning/noon/night...yum!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=Ol7fB974HymWXQ78uFPANQ#Ol7fB974HymWXQ78uFPANQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=ruo_rjf7rAcCUu3jPKb3bw#ruo_rjf7rAcCUu3jPKb3bw. . As long as they keep serving up great Pho, I'll be back.. . Return Factor - 98%
Came here after a long night at Tao. This place is 24/7 so you'll see tons of people here for some late night munchies. I got the #13 which was the combo Pho. It was delicious. The broth was amazing and the meats were so good. Noodles were perfect... not too chewy nor soft. Good way to end a night.
You can't go wrong with the Pho here. Or any of the other dishes, as far as I'm aware, but the Pho is what's really stand out. The prices are very reasonable and being open 24 hours is wonderful in Las Vegas. This is a go to spot for late night. The only problem is that when the restaurant is busy, they can be understaffed, so you might have to wait for a table and the service will not be as great as one would like. But, considering the food and price, this is a minor complaint.
Taste: 3.5. Creativity/Authenticity: 4. Atmosphere: 3. Service: 2.5. Bang for your buck: 4. . So there are many 24hr pho spots in LV but this is the place to be, great selection of Vietnamese and your occasional chinese here and there. Now to the pho, yeah its just soup what makes it good? why is this place so good compared to the rest the broth! hands down greatest broth in LV, so much flavor. Now asian restaurant are notoriously known for bad service if your not asian haha but yeah it was good, what i care about in every restaurant no matter expensive or hole in the wall is my water; if you as a restaurant cant do a simple task like this as to keep any of your customers water filled up or even acknowledge if they would like some water than you have failed and well thank you pho kim long for my water! The atmosphere is well cant explain it much cause every time i eat here its 6am in the morning im wasted and this place is packed with as many people who are wasted as me. Overall this is the best pho place in LV, and if your around chinatown at 5am in the morning swing by and check it out for yourself.
This place is hands down my favorite place to eat Pho. I used to come here every time I was in town, but now that I live here it is becoming an obsession. Great food 24hrs a day and swift service. These guys are nothing if not efficient.
I had this for lunch earlier today w/ my boss. The food was surprisingly good, and the menu had it in English and Korean Im assuming. So you can eat and learn at the same time!! Bonus!
First pho experience. It was better than average. The 3.5 average is spot on. . . My friends and I ordered three different bowls and we enjoyed them all. I had the vegan pho which was super flavorful and full of veggies and noodles. I also ordered the tofu nuggets because I wanted to be able to say that I ordered tofu nuggets with a straight face. They were actually pretty good, as was the sauce they came with. My friend ordered crab rangoon. It was the same old crab rangoon you get anywhere, but they charged $8 for it. Seriously?. . The service was very hurried, and the waiter never actually took a drink order. He just brought us all water and that was that; we hadn't even realized until he left with the food order. Hurried service also meant the food came quickly, and you can't complain about that. No asking for dessert either. The check just came when he decided to bring it. So it goes.. . Also, for some reason that we couldn't figure out, there was house music playing in the background the whole time. It wasn't annoying. Just confusing. We just chalked it up to being Vegas after midnight.
Just had an amazing meal at Pho Kim Long!!  Food was great and service was execellent!
Pho Kim Long is my favorite pho place in Chinatown. Great place for both dine-in and pick up. I like that it is open 24 hours and always filled with a good looking crowd. The #14 rare steak pho is always my go to choice.
Food is AMAZING, however service here totally SUCKS!!!
Really yummy Pho and open late, too! Came here around 4AM on our first night in Vegas after bar hopping by Fremont St. . . The Pho that I ordered was satisfying enough to fill my tummy and that warm amazing feeling after gulping down hot soup was great and comforting after a night of drinking!. . The restaurant itself is located in Vegas' version of Chinatown, which is basically an outdoor mall/strip. As a native New Yorker, their version of Chinatown isn't as "cool" as New York's but at least there was a lot of parking available! As busy as it was, I was able to score a parking spot right in front. . . Service was decent, waitress was friendly - I'd come back here again on my next trip to Vegas just 'cause I love Pho that much! (And to get away from all the fast food and overpriced, overrated food options on the strip!)
Pho Kim Long has earned the distinction with me of being the "Gold Standard" for Pho in Las Vegas. It has earned this distinction with me because they are open 24 hours, they always have a good consistent quality with their food, service is usually fast, and their restaurant is nicely decorated and has a nice ambience. Whenever I try a new Pho place I always end up comparing it back to Pho Kim Long. Most Pho restaurants in Vegas tend to fall short of Pho Kim Long.. . I can tell you that after a night of partying or drinking, a big bowl of Pho here really hits the spot. This restaurant is located in Chinatown just a short drive from the strip. Pho is certainly a healthy choice and a great way to keep hydrated out in the desert here. It  will also help warm you up on a cold day. If you have never eaten Pho get the traditional Rare Steak Pho (it starts out rare but is cooked via the hot broth) or get my personal favorite Rare Steak & Brisket Pho. This place seems to be busy all of the time these days with a wait to be seated. Usually the wait is not long and is worth it.
I can't give this place a perfect score because I wasn't entirely sober when I was here but it was a great place to go to for the state my friends n I were in. The morning after we all agreed that it was pretty good pho and none of us had a hangover the next day so id recommend and probably return to this place.
24-hour place! Thank you thank you thank you! This is the go to place after partying it up in Vegas! Unfortunately I had to order my food to go because the line was ridiculously long! The food was great and reasonably priced. I ordered a bunch of pho, egg rolls, and spring rolls. Pho - 5 stars. The broth was tasteful and still hot and they provide you with so much stuff to put in it and they didn't skimp on anything.. Egg rolls - 4 stars typical fried egg rolls, but it was delicious!. Spring Rolls - 3 stars - The roll was good but I didn't like the dipping sauce. :( which knocked off a star.
This place is actually pretty good. I am not sure how Vietnamese food here in Vegas tastes...but I wouldn't expect it to be totally awesome like it would be back where I am from in CA. Considering this place is the go to place for drunk munchies, I liked it. . . There were tons of menu options from an array of noodle dishes, phos, and rice plates. It is open super late, so after you're done partying on the strip at like 4 am, you come here to eat! Came here with my gfs and our new found friends and we got the pho. YUM. It was really good! A little on the salty side but the meat was freshly pink and the noodles was yummmmy. . . The fried rice was kinda gross though. It was pretty bland and tasteless. I felt like I was just eating it just to eat it. My gf got the drunken noodles, which are the wide flat rice noodles. Kind of too oily for me but it was really good. Tons of basil flavor in it too! . . Even though the rice was bad, I give this place 4 stars because it is cheap, open late, and fun place to go to after you club.
This is my favorite Vietnamese place in Las Vegas.  Decent quality food.  The Pho is good.  The chinese fried rice is not!
After long nights in Vegas, finishing off your trip with a last meal at Pho Kim Long is a must. Hits the spot every single time. I also highly recommend their calamari, it is so good!!
this place is nice and clean, open 24 hrs. the food is good. also check out saigon8 I think they are a bit better.
Broth was really, really good..... the veggies in my vegan pho however was obviously old which was disappointing but my friends beef pho was perfect (so she says)
How does this restaurant not have at least four stars??? 24 hour pho? IN VEGAS! Plus it's delicious pho too. I am so surprised. . . Everyone I hang out with seems to crave pho when they wake up from an insane night on the strip, and I don't blame them. It a hangover cure! I always get the basic pho with the strips of steak. Yummmmmm. . This place can also get real packed so don't expect to get seated right away. Unless you come at an abnormal time. But I never had to wait toooo long. I think they do a really great job accommodating
Place has definitely remodeled.  I guess the catchy name of the restaurant or word of mouth of this place actually got around where people love coming to this place ha.  I came here one day when it was super packed.  We had to wait over an hour.  Ridiculousness!  Finally, we got seated and we waited awhile for the waitress to come.  My friends ordered the typical pho bowl while I got my fave dish, bun thit nguong.  It was delish!  . . When it came time to paying our bill, we asked the waitress to charge certain credit cards to the specific dishes we ordered.  She had to ask us a number of times and then finally got it, supposedly.  Then when the charges came back, we realized the lady just split the bill into thirds.  Sheesh...
Found this pho place on yelp with good ratings so my family and I decided to go try after arriving in Vegas late night from the east coast. . . Went there after midnight and there were a decent amount of customers. The appearance on the inside looks very nice. Very comfortable place to sit down and have a nice meal. We got to sit next to one of their two aquarium. We enjoyed the company of the fishes. . . Now for the food part. We got their pho, bum bo hue, this beef with rice, and wonton noodle soup. Overall they were good, but not to the point that made us go "wow". We had much better Viet/Chinese food, but the service+ environment makes up for it. The best part though was their Thai tea. THE BEST I had so far after trying many places that serves this beverage. . . Finally, it was nice that they open 24/7. I read a lot of yelpers liking pho for hangovers. But as a person who isn't big on drinking, it it's still nice to know there is a nice pho restaurant that will serve well any time of the day. Can't go wrong with this place.
When it's cold outside, I don't need the month of May, I need some hot soup. Speedy service, reasonable pricing (under $10 for some pho and a drink), it's clean, and it's always open. The parking lot is terrible and it's only a matter of time before I get hit, but it's worth it for a nice hot bowl of Vietnamese soup.
The best pho in town! I always go here, specially when it's a rainy day and it delivers what I'm looking for, some warm delicious soup! . . Also, they have a huge menu of thai fare.
This place is pretty awesome. The honey garlic pork chops are highly recommended. We also got the pan fried noodles and wonton egg noodle soup. My favorite dish was the chicken and egg roll vermicelli! Took off one star for service. I had to get my own water...twice. Overall pretty decent food.
The name of this place deserves 5 stars. Mayyybeeeee I'm a little immature, but it never stops making me giggle.. . Great 24 hour pho spot in Vegas. You can always find either drunk or hungover vegas-goers here. Service is shitty and rude, but they are fast and efficient on bringing your food and bill out. They want you IN and OUT. no joke.
Great name, great food! Spring rolls were yummy (use some hot pepper sauce or sriracha to spice things up a bit.) Had some basic broth that was wonderful on it's own. The Roast Duck I really wasn't that impressed, but it was after 1am so sometimes that's not a wise choice. I had a cubed beef dish in black pepper sauce, this was the hit of the night! Tender beef cubes with a lot of flavor and very satisfying. Prices weren't too bad & they are open late so after drinks it's a great choice. I will definitely be back soon to experiment with more menu items, but that beef dish is worth the price of admission on it's own :)
Pros: Great environment. Open 24/7 . Great pho. Phone orders easy to go . The red been dessert is awesome! Over all good prices.. . Cons: hit or miss with the staff. Sometimes I feel rushed .
Unlike the other posts, I haven't experienced the extremely bad service at this establishment.  I mean it's not superb either but they take your order when you flag them down, they bring out your food, and they drop off your bill before you ask for it.  This is one of my go to spots in Vegas!  Pho is the best comfort food to heal a hangover.  I usually get the Pho Tai and the small size portion definitely fills me up!  I also really like the deep fried egg rolls.  Soup and fried goods = best hangover cure!  Two thumbs up!
First of all you gotta love the place because of the name alone... Pho Kim Long? Classic! It's known to us Vegas locals as one of the best Pho places in Las Vegas. My personal favorite dish is the Wonton soup but be prepared for it to take 3 times as long as anyone else's meal in your party which is hell of annoying... But honestly once it comes its all worth the wait. Overall really freaking good and the perfect hangover cure!
The best pho I've had in vegas so far, tried 2 other spots before that did not live up to standards. However, I think everyone else knows this too, so those days after clubbing when you're finally able to roll out of bed and your hunger finally outweighs your need to lay in bed and you think man I need some pho, best of luck to you on the wait situation. If you're lucky and it happens to be short, you are in luck! But I've seen the wait be up through 45 minutes before as well. Longest 45 minutes if you are already barely at the state of crawling out of bed. The restaurant is pretty big and has lots of tables and service is fast, it's just THAT many ppl want to get some. . . PHO: The broth is very well made, this is pretty much thedefining difference between pho restaurants and pho kim long is near the top of the list. I don't like it when place don't rinse the starch off their noodles and makes the broth cloudy, none of that here. Good portions of noodle and meat, yes! Also, no crazy obvious msg taste, here we go baby! Path to recovering so you can go hard again!. . I used to take good pho for granted, but having experienced some bad ones lately, I really appreciate those that stay true to the craft! . . LOCATION: If you are staying around the wynn/venetian side of the strip, you just go right across spring mountain a few blocks and you are in chinatown, not too far of a drive to get some tasty vietnamese beef broth in your system.
Alright ok, once you and your glazed weary eyed friends gotten over the name of the place, you'll find that this is a pretty decent spot to go if you're looking for that late nite, post-clubbing hangover cure as I'm sure many people know by now. . . Great for drunken stumbling groups or for just you and a homie/lover/friend. I've been here a good handful of times through a span of 4 years now -- typically when friends are visiting and while their food may not be the greatest Viet spot in Vegas, they make up in their hours and the variety of traditional Viet-Chinese pho and rice dishes. Upon a recent visit I met up with a group of friends that never been to a Vietnamese-Chinese spot and all of them for the most part enjoyed their food. For that they teeter along a 3 and 3.5 in my book but I prefer to round up and give these businesses the benefit of the doubt!
After hopping off the plane at LAS, my mom, sisters, and I head straight to Chinatown. This was our first time in the area. We hail from the Midwest so we've had our fair share of pho and other Asian goods from Chicago to Minneapolis.. . We didn't have to wait long to be seated. There were 7 of us. Food came in super fast. The egg rolls were delightful. It came with a side of lettuce and shredded, sweet and sour pickled carrot and daikon. . . The pho portions are good portion sized. I just wish there were more noodles. I would have to say it's the best pho I've ever had!!! A squeeze of sriracha and a tad of hoisin sauce was all it took. My sister, the nit picky unofficial pho connoisseur, was very fond of the broth as well. The meatballs looked homemade, not like the rubbery kind you buy frozen from Asian super markets.. . I took a star off for the service. They want you in and out. This place is also open 24-hours! So good, I even dreamt about going back. I only have my pictures to relive it.
