Before booking my stay here, I was kinda nervous from reading all the negative reviews on here. But I took the chance, hey were talkin bout Vegas, isn't it all bout gambling?. . If you book through the link on their facebook you get a better discount. I booked a widescreen view room, which is in tower 2 and the rooms are newly remodeled.. . I really liked my room, All the furniture and everything was new and up to date, flat screen tv too and a nice strip view. It says the room comes with a ipod dock also, but it really wasnt any ipod dock, it was a cheap alarm clock radio with a auxilary cable for you to plug your ipod into.. . The casino has a generous ammount of slot machines/ video poker, and there are only a few table games.. . Theres also a food court here, a dicks last resort, and other eateries, but I did not eat at the hotel at all.. . Theres a walkway that will connect you to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.. . I really enjoyed my stay here and will stay here again next time. Beware though, parking is a real pain in the ass at all hours of the day and night.. . Oh yeah to everyone thats bitching about the resort fee. You know damn well you were gonna get that  charge. If you dont like it, simply book a hotel that doesnt charge a resort fee.
didn't stay here but we gambled because they have penny video poker! Love it
No, the Excalibur is not a fabulous luxury property. But if you want an inexpensive room with all the conveniences of staying on the Strip, it's a good place to stay. I've gotten rooms here a few times when I've been partying at the nearby properties and did not want to drive home. I come here when I want a cheap and easy place to sleep and not much more. Check ahead for cheap deals; when I've stayed I usually got some pretty nice perks like restaurant credits and such. No, this is not the kind of hotel where you'll want to chill in your room for long periods of time. It is; however, the kind of place that works really nicely when you just need a place to sleep and store your items. It is a rather old hotel so just don't expect more than the bare minimum for your room.
I didn't stay here, so this review is for the general areas.. . What I love about Excalibur:. . * Cute exterior. It's a castle for gawd sake. Who doesn't love castles?. . * The opportunity to take a picture with two overly tanned, handsome, hot guys right when you walked into the casino. Yes, it's overpriced, $26 for one picture or 2 for $40. Still, it was fun and you can keep it as a Vegas souvenir.. . * The cheapest Oxygen bar I found is in Excalibur. $15 for 15 minutes is a steal compared to other hotels where they are charging $22 per 15 minutes.. . What I don't love about The Excalibur:. . * Only one gift shop. . * Other activities besides gambling and oxygen bar are pretty much not available for adults. They have spongebob activity for kiddos tho.
Haha I love Betty N's review! Honestly, I can't say that I have ever had a bad time in the Excalibur probably because I took it for what it was going to be which wasn't the best on the strip and I have always consistently had a blast here.. . I MUST plug Dick's Last Resort in the Excalibur because it is probably the most crazy fun I've had in a restaurant in Vegas. I think a few times I was doused with beer and dragged out on a chair with toilet paper in my face. Don't ask.. . Regardless, yes this hotel smells like smoke on the first floor(s), but in the towers which is where you must stay at least in one of the upgraded rooms, the 42" LCD is a nice touch, the beds are not bad, the carpet is in dire need of a revamp and the shower clogs. But it's $22 a night. Can ya beat that on the strip with a 42" LCD?. . I just think the Excalibur keeps the child in me alive, sort of, and they have $5 minimums on black jack, a fun wanna-be circus circus downstairs and the rooms really aren't that bad! (yes the elevators didn't want to make me want to cry). I highly recommend it if you come with a group of people and want to crash for extremely cheap because this means you won't have to sleep next to a smelly person you can get your own room! Wooo Vegas!
Everytime I come here I get the Viking horns!!
Screw the haters. This place is perfectly fine. . . If you're coming to Vegas to gamble hard core (as you should be), Excalibur is a great place to stay. It's fairly easy to get to everything on the strip, the rooms are clean and comfy enough, and the price is usually right. . . If you're staying elsewhere and are stopping by just for the casino, I think this place is great for rookie gamblers. The dealers are probably the nicest on the strip, and I more often win than I lose (but that may just be me).
lots of changes since my last stay.  even more since my first 15 years ago.  i remember like it was yesterday.  fighting with my brother after he kicks my ass at virtua fighter.  collecting those hooker cards and trying to win as many crappy stuffed animals as we could.  but i digress......    . checked in and was surprised by the updated rooms.  nice flat screens, beds were super comfy and the shower was actually functioning.  pool area completely remodeled as well.  and best part rooms were only 35 bux.  now this isnt my first or even second choice when i come to vegas but for that price come on........  calibur!!!!!!!!!!
Just spent two nights here last week and had no issues whatsoever. Gonna keep this one short:. . Pros:. . - Great rate! $90 for a 4 person room during Spring Break. Pretty much the best deal on the strip after shitty old Imperial Palace. . - Very spacious rooms. Good amount of floor space to lay everything out, huge bathroom and showers. Our room came with a 42" TV, which we didn't use too much but it was nice to have. The beds are pretty typical, but who really cares when you're passed out from a long night of partying?. . Cons:. . - The room was a bit outdated. I understand that they're upgrading their rooms, so I guess most rooms will eventually look a lot newer. Not an inconvenience, just something that could be improved.. . - No free-wifi in the rooms. Not sure if any hotel in Vegas has free wi-fi, but it would've been nice.. . Overall, a pretty good experience. We weren't looking for anything too fancy and wanted to keep the price low. We got what we paid for and left happy. Thanks Excalibur!
one of my fave hotels in vegas. sometimes the cheaper rooms can be kinda crappy but the newer ones are nicer. we had a great experience with customer service. someone butted in front of us in line- blatantly like on our way to the counter. it was pretty rude and i was def irritated after an almost 7 hour drive. anyways, the lady at the front desk was si kind she gave us a free upgrade! the room was nice but didnt have a fridge. which kind of was upsetting since i like to always bring my own beverages- but whatever. i love the casino here and the bars. its a big space and seems ventialted well with all the smoke etc in vegas. i stay here a lot and will keep staying here. the pool is awesome too! probably my favorite.
Rooms are clean. Small, but clean. Casinos are huge and smokey. . . Nothing special compared to the others. Except- the fitness room is included with your room rates. I love it! Most of the other places charge $10 or $30 per day. . . It's pretty far from the good part of the strip though. But nothing wrong with a little exercise!
I typically stay at Excalibur when I visit Vegas, and there's really only one reason: price.  If you join the MGM loyalty program (MLife), you can get rooms at Excalibur through the week for as cheap as $24 a night.  You won't find a cheaper place on the Strip (with the possible exception of Imperial Palace). . . The decor is a bit dated, especially the dark carpet in the rooms.  They have started to remodel, and some of the regular price rooms now have flat screens.  But honestly, if you care what the carpet looks like or how big the TV is, you're in the wrong city.. . I've never had a problem with cleanliness or room quality.  The beds are comfortable.  In Vegas, you don't really need much more.  Can you find nicer rooms in Vegas? Most definitely.  But why pay so much more for a room you shouldn't be spending that much time in?
For the price of this room it was great! We had stayed at the monte carlo before but I think it was overpriced. We did pay for the upgraded room at Excalibur, but it was worth it. I loved it here the room was clean and nice. . . The only tiny issue was we wanted one king bed and they didn't have any when we checked in the first night, but they said if we went back in the morning we could change rooms. We stayed where we were just b/c it was so nice we didn't feel the need to move!
I give it 5 stars cause, I got a whole week for only 360.00 and I enjoyed  the room it us a nice size. Also the bed is the chit, I had to force myself to get out of it. The TV Is another plus, if you are ever here, go for the buffet of buffets at the RIO hotel cause you pay about 50 for one person. But it is good til the next day. Good food at the planet Hollywood buffet. I had a blast, went to see a lot of shows, Kevin Hart killed it!
UPGRADE TO THE TOWER ROOMS!!!. . if ur main goal in vegas is to eat eat eat, sleep sleep sleep, gamble and more eating, your room might not be of the most importance if your budget is ruled mainly by eating good food. For me: I just wanted a decent place to stay, close to the City Center, without spending a fortune on a room, that i would just use to sleep and shower. We took advantage of booking early to a discount and I spent about $230.00 for a fri-mon stay. The upgrade says Widescreen TV, but we didn't really care about that- the main difference from the other rooms is that it looks a little more modern. Beds were decent and comfortable : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=hEzxVsEJzj4_Bdm1CJoQFQ. Bathrooms were clean. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=ez1T5FamJ8MzAvyp94Zueg. I have crashed in some pretty ugly looking hotel rooms in vegas, and for the price and convenience, it was pretty decent! . Check in was smooth, signing up for the Mlife playing card was a breeze since i registered ahead online, staff was friendly, but slots were not. . They have a convenient food court http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=mvxEq1vTcSsHPYC5Kzwrnw.. There's always Thunder From Down Under (been twice for bachelorette parties!)- which is pretty decent too!
This place is ok. I just came back from a four day trip. You must stay at tower two. It was ok. Not bad at all, But in no way shape or form can you compare this hotel to the nicer hotels. All in all it was ok.
Stayed there from 20Jan11-23Jan11 in room 27219. Was very nervous at first because of all the negative reviews. The last thing I remember about this hotel was how bad the smell was from my previous trip in 2006 & 2008 but I was surprise to see how things had changed. The smoke/cigarette smell is not longer there..I mean not as bad as before. If you get down there early enough when everyone else is still in bed you could smell the nice airfreshner smell.. I'd return back to the same hotel anytime.
I dont know why everyone bashes the excalibur. I recently stayed here and it was great. Everything was clean, nice flat screen tv, walk in shower. Got upgraded for free too. :). . The pool was off the hook!
I love staying here! Prefer tower 2- I could live in this room. Really love its location, you can get to several casinos using the walkways without having to go down to the strip or drive.
I really enjoyed my recent stay at Excalibur.  This was my first time staying here.  I thought the price was great for 3 nights, so I did the upgrade to the widescreen room.  They put us in tower two and based on the reviews this was the good tower.  I was psyched for the view.  Awesome strip view.  I love having an awesome view like this.  While I may not be in the room much to be able to look down the strip when I am especially when I go to bed and its all lit up is awesome.  The room was comfy, bed nice, really enjoyed it. . . Tower two is also good for getting right downstairs to the pool and spa.  Don't have to walk across the casino to get there as it is at the bottom of the elevators.  Speaking of never had to wait long for elevators.  Although pretty close by right when you get to the casino are the wonderful time share people.  My wife and I make sure to go in opposite directions in this point and veer back towards each other once passed.  We really got this routine down to the point where no words or directions were needed.  . . The pool was great.  Not very crowded.  Pretty easy to find two seats no matter what time of the day.  Loved the water slide as I love water slides.  Got twenty rides in right before lunch the first day.  Casino slots were actually friendly which is always shocking.  I would like it if the people working the sports book actually know how to work the sports book and understand that the nascar nationwide series is not the same as the nascar sprint cup series.  . . Other than that totally enjoyed it, and can't wait to come back.
Have stayed here half a dozen times on trips to Vegas because the room rates cannot be beat sometimes! I usually don't care about hotel rooms either, a place to sleep is what they are for me and as long as they are safe and clean, I don't care what it is. If you're looking for luxury, this is not the place for you (but I would think you would know that already when booking). Have stayed in both the new updated rooms and the old ones and both have treated us well. Simple shower in the bathrooms, maid service is prompt, check in and check out has always run smoothly (although it does get SUPER busy at prime time hours!) and the casino seems to spit out more money than some of the others I've been to. The beds in the older rooms were a little too soft for me, which is the only negative I can think of. Nice views of the NYNY and MGM from the newly updated tower and parking is plentiful and has never been a problem. Kids have never been a problem... at least not anymore so than other casinos. Pool is fine, have only been there once so can't review that too well. . . A few things I don't like - horribly pushy sales people inside the casino and on the bridge to get there. A few times they would RUN after us or people walking next to us yelling about show tickets and whatnot. From being inside all the other casinos on the strip, this hotel was the only one we experienced this at. While I just walk by and ignore like I usually have, it does become an annoying factor when you realize how desperate they are to get you. Another downside - from what I've seen, this place doesn't have any room service at night (I could be wrong.. we usually don't order it as there as so many places to eat in Vegas!). Last time we were there, I noticed on that there were certain hours and during the night was not one of them. They do have a food court which they list on there for their night food. One other negative is the location, it's south of the strip, so it is a bit of a walk if you want to explore other casinos. While this has never been a problem for us, it's something to think about. That being said, with MGM, NYNY, Luxor and Mandalay Bay (which has a LOT of nice places to eat and shop) being so close, there is always something to do. . . The negative reviews always make me laugh... for $24 a night, what did you think you'd be getting? Four Seasons? ... big fat NO. It's a fine hotel to sleep in and that's that.
When talking about Vegas hotels Excalibur often falls to the bottom of the list because it is old. However with old comes cheap and you can score great accommodation deals here! Of course it is linked up to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. It is also convenient to New York, New York, MGM Grande, etc. One of the best atributes of the hotel is the pool, or should I say pools. Finally it is often difficult to find decent, cheap food in Vegas however theer is a Baja Fresh right in Excalibur which is vry convenient!
Great place to gamble here.... . Sometimes the craps limits start at $2 but even at the busiest hours I don't see the table games going higher than $5.. . There's alot to see at this hotel including a large food court, shows, and shopping.
for the weekend of May 20, 2011. I wanted to stay at venetian or something like that, but my friend didn't want to spend more than 100 a night. So even though excalibur wasn't my first choice, it did fit the criteria= affordable & on the strip.. . The parking was easy to navigate & to find a spot and checking in was painless. I even got a free room upgrade (newly remodeled room called widescreen) just by nicely inquiring about the rate!  The room was pretty nice too- cute decor, flatscreen tv, huge bathroom (good for girls sharing a room), nice tub, comfy beds. I'm still debating if the room would have been worth paying extra for, but I was extremely happy with it. . . The hotel itself is on one edge of the strip so if you're trying to mostly be on the mirage/treasure island side a lot then I suggest taking a taxi. The line for a taxi at the lobby was super packed at 1030-11pm when we decided to go out dancing. We walked and ended up taking the double decker bus, NOT reccommended! ugh it was awful! Better if you just wait for the taxi, they constantly have some pulling up anyway.. . There were about 4 large pools and we avoided the ones with kids in it. Plenty of beach chairs to lay out for tanning and they provide towels. The staff throughout the hotel were both nice and helpful, no meanies.. . Overall I was very very happy with this hotel- nice staff, clean rooms, on the strip, not that many children running around as I had anticipated and AFFORDABLE. We saved money staying here and instead got to see a show and do more shopping. Will stay again!
Good hotel for the budget conscious.. . Internet is wired only (no wifi). Good bandwidth!. . Hotel is close to the strip.. . Lots of slots and a few tables.. . Buffet was lacking for the $20 price I paid (no steak, no seafood, dry pork ribs, but at least they had prime rib).
The Excalibur Hotel is great for families or groups of friends looking to have a great time without spending a whole lot of money! The rooms are pretty standard, unless you upgrade to their newly remodled rooms with granite and flat screen TV's. The room we stayed in had a view to the NYNY hotel and roller coaster for less than $99 a night.. . What was good about this hotel is it had a ton of fast food chain restaurants in their food court. From what I remember, Pizza Hut, Krispy Kreme, Popcornopolis, Coldstone Creamery, McD's, Starbucks, Etc.. Everything you need without getting stuck eating at a pricey restaurant or taking a cab. . . Although it is near the end of the strip, it is in close range to the MGM, NYNY, M&M store, Coca Cola Store, etc... . . I've stayed at 4 star hotels, but this one definitely fits the Vegas budget!
I was pleasantly surprised. I expected a really crappy motel quality hotel but it was actually quite nice. Free upgrade, clean, fairly quiet, nice big bathroom and the beds were comfortable. . . We didn't do much except sleep and get ready to go out, so for our purposes and for the price, this hotel was pretty much perfect. We stayed in Tower 2 on the 9th floor and had a view of the pool.
Loved the stay.  i had a great view, bed was comfy enough, convenient distance from everything and still affordable. A corded connection to the internet is available in the room for free, but wifi is only available where they have a computer room (weird, but dont pay the extra for wifi). I would never take my kid to Vegas (no fun) but i seen plenty of kids here. Gorgeous dancers in small amounts of clothes were dancing at the two bars that i had seen. Pleasant to the eye, but i wouldnt want my lil girl seeing them and gettin ideas on what to do when she grew up. haha
This place is trash-tastic!  Dimly lit, has a Dick's Last Resort, lots of things to entertain the rednecks such as myself.  When my red family was visiting over Fourth of July, this was one of their favorite casinos to gamble at, probably because of the dancing girls behind the table games.  Dealers were really friendly and the cocktail servers kept the drinks coming!
2nd time coming here, (once in 2009 and again last month) with my boyfriend and his parents and have no complaints about our stay here. Then again, when in Vegas, you don't stay much in your room, right?. . Room was clean - comfy bed, clean bathroom, no weird smells in the room. Back in 2009, we had the room with the jacuzzi and a great view of New york, New york - it was really nice.. . The casino downstairs was totally filled with smoke to the point that it makes my eyes water, but of course - that is expected in Vegas right? Very sad that they closed down Sherwood Forest Cafe. Lots of good memories there, eating breakfast with the family. It was open 24 hours too which was convenient when you didn't feel like wandering off too far from your hotel. With that restaurant shut down, there's only Dicks (which doesn't appeal to me), or resorting to eating the $5 hot dog and beer special at the Sherwood Bar. Anyway, there is not much to do in Excalibur itself, but it is connected to New york, New york, Luxor, MGM so it is very easy to wander out to other places for entertainment. . . They really treat my boyfriend's mom good while she is here though. They send a gift basket to her room, give her lots of comps with free meals and free starbucks, and also give her free nights to stay. So as far as customer service, they really go out of their way to accomodate you.
This is a clean, fun, simple hotel on a good location of the strip.  For the money, this is the best cheapest hotel on the strip. The theme is cute and has a great overall ambiance.. . I've been here a few times, and things are always more than adequate and gets the job done.  . . Oh, and Thunder Down Under was there during my last stay...OMFG, gross!!! That was the one and only disturbing thing about this hotel: having to see a bunch of half-naked, oiled up Australianson billboards plastered on walls throughout the hotel. Chills.
The Excalibur was good to us. I booked with them because it was the cheapest hotel on the Strip. We got a free upgrade because they ran out of the rooms that we reserved, which was a huge bonus for us. We ended up getting sick, so four of our ten days were spent in our room. It was nice to the view of the Strip since we couldn't be out exploring. The cleaning people were very nice, and the staff was helpful: everything from bringing us extra towels to keeping our bags during our last day in Vegas (our flight was at midnight, and we didn't want to trek around the city with our bags). The casino is a bit smokey, but for the price, how can you complain? This is not the Bellagio. It seems like some reviewers expect that quality while paying $25/night. C'mon. Use your head. But, if you're just looking for a place to spend the night because you'll be out on the town for the rest of your time in Vegas, this is the place. The beds are comfy, the pillows are comfy, and if you upgrade your room to a view, you'll have a great view of the area. The only real downside is that the TV has very few channels---not even basic cable. But then again, that only really matters if you were sick and spending a bunch of time in the room like we did.
I'd been to Vegas several times, and stayed off the Strip to save some $. Last time I thought, what the heck, maybe the Excalibur would be okay. Midweek there were also decent prices. Check-in was a bit like security at a smaller airport ( maybe Burbank, not LAX ). Staff was kind and patient with a lot of guests who....needed the extra courtesy. Once I got to my room I was so relieved. It takes some doing to find your way from parking to check-in through the casino to your room, but never once did it smell like those off-the-strip places. My view was of the pools/ I-15. Super great pillow top mattress with plenty of pillows..  I did find myself concerned for the horses 'on staff', as there is a sizable corral in the back but no shade and it was about 104 when I was in town. I know horses are resilient and all, but seriously, not one palm tree? . I wanted to order room service and just chill out, but hey guess what? No room service after 2 PM. They could make some nice $ if they offered this standard service.  I ended up at La Salsa next to the casino. Finding a large unattended bag on one of the tables, it was easy to find staff to let him know. Turns out it was one of his colleagues who was careless. . I did take advantage of the special spa rates for hotel guests, and was so glad to find Tony the massage therapist.. Also I was missing one light bulb, so rotated the bulbs as needed. Kind of surprised there was no fridge. . Overall, I enjoyed my trip and would gladly suggest Excalibur. Have fun!
On my first visit to LV we stayed at Excalibur not really because we wanted to but because I found a deal to stay there and I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is gloriously tacky! The theme is Renaissance, the outside looking like a castle and the inside following that same idea. . Our room was clean, no complaints there. It was rather spacious and we had very comfortable beds. The pools were great not too packed and so refreshing. The casino was widespread and never seemed to be too loud. The staff was helpful and nice. . I would stay here again if need be but I don't like to do the same thing twice so I would try to stay elsewhere to experience more. However, I would recommend staying here.. Have fun in LV!
So I just stayed a week at Excalibur and it was nicer than I expected. The staff was very friendly and our room was very clean. The room was a lot nicer than the pictures online. The do need to do something with their pool because it's very blah! Their valet does get filled quick at night but their self parking is not too far from the casino so it worked out. Can't go wrong with their price :). Only down side is their room service because it's not 24hours.
On a last minute Vegas trip my husband and I decided to stay at Excalibur. It was at the perfect location for the right price. Once we arrived, we waited in line for check in, the person who checked us in was so sweet, she made us wait a little over five minutes due to computer issues and as a result hooked us up with a free room upgrade. The room was nice and we had a great view of the strip. It made the trip and we will definitely be staying there again.
So, I stayed at Excalibur on my way out West, due to a great deal from hotels.com.. Okay, so the casino is - as one previous reviewer observed - "gloriously tacky". Yes, yes, yes!. However, the room was huge, very clean, and nicely furnished. And, as tacky as it was, it was practical!. Everything you could want in a hotel stay was here - food galore, slots, table games, musical entertainment, and more.. All in all, a great deal and a great deal of fun!
Ahhh yes...the good 'ol Excalibur Hotel. . . So ya it's old and weathered...but they just re did a lot of the rooms...and sure...their restaurants aren't exactly 5 star BUT. . If you need a good room for a cheap price at the perfect location. Well my friends, Excalibur will always be there for you.. . Check out Dick's last resort...the staff is funny.  . . And really people....aren't you in Vegas to stir up trouble and drink till your livers shrivel up for the weekend??. . Cheapie room to crash in. Clean, well kept, and in a great spot on the strip. . . Well done Excalibur. That'll do.
Okay this is not the MOST amazing hotel in Vegas BUT, it did its purpose and got a very nice free upgrade! I loved the theme and the child friendyl attractions! The buffet was cafiteria food gross and diner like I HATED IT. The rooms were clean and comfortable enough for me not to complain :) Yes, I will be staying there again!
People seem to give stars without regard to the price.  I would say this is a 3 star hotel, BUT given the fact that it's nearly always the best value on the strip, it's a 4 star.. . The pool complex is good.  There is a pool for kids and one for 18 and up.  Also, you can get a cabana for a day for about 80$ during the week or off season.  The price fluxuates but it's always worth asking.  Can you beat that in Vegas?  The pool used to let you bring in an outside drink if you put in a plastic cup, but on a recent trip this was not the case.  I may or may not have purchased a half yard margarita, drank it, and re-filled it in the room to bring back to the pool, though.. . The excalibur is great for the budget minded.  There is a baja fresh, with solid meals for under 10$.  Also walk by Dick's Last Resort and they'll usually hand you a coupon for a free jello shot.  Not bad.. . The location isn't the best, but there is some good stuff nearby.  New York New York is right next door.  The Luxor, MGM, and Mandalay Bay are also nearby.  It's about a 45 minute walk to center strip.. . While there are a lot of families with young kids that stay there, Excalibur somehow strikes a good balance.  There are kids around, but they hardly if ever bother me.  Nothing like a Circus Circus type place.  I wouldn't take my kids to Vegas after what I've been through there :). . The rooms are clean and seem modern.  I would rank them above the Flamingo, Imperial Palace, and other similar budget hotels.
Fabulous! Super affordable, and just enough. Stayed here for a Friday and Saturday night - and had a great time! The Excalibur was clean, service was fast when I requested extra blankets/pillows/towels, and we partied LOUDLY in our room with no complaints!. . It's a little farther from the main part of the strip, but everything's pretty much a walk away anyhow. . . If I'm looking for a good deal next time, I won't mind looking into Excalibur again.
Excalibur gave me the best 21st birthday party ever (week of October 17th) There was always something new to do.  Easy for a group of 3-5 people to stick together and not get separated. Great rewards program, and easy access to the rest of the Strip.  I seriously fell in love with Vegas at this hotel.  I can't wait to come back.
I stayed here a couple summers ago and thought it was great for the price! I had one of the rooms that hadn't been remodeled and yeah, it was pretty ugly but it was clean and the staff were all great.  The bathroom was freakin huge! A twin bed could have fit in there probably.. . Even though it's towards one end of the strip, it's actually a really good location and easy to get to everything from there.  There are so many good food and drink options within the hotel.  I wasn't too crazy about the pool area.  I think that is because the pictures onlinewere a little deceptive but it was nice for lounging at.. . They didn't have  a microwave, fridge, or coffee maker in the room.  I'm always bummed when places don't have that stuff but I got by fine.. . I would stay here again for a quick, budget-friendly weekend getaway.
I'm a local.. . We go on staycations.. . Just stayed here last week for 2 days... For my 30th bday actually :) My husband wanted me in a 'castle'.. cute huh! It was perfect for what amenities we would be needing. . . And the VIEW WAS AMAZING! We had a widescreen view room for a small upgraded cost. The room was perfect. Decent size. Access on wall to control your AC/heat. New comfortable beds. All feathered pillows. Everything in room was new & updated except for shower door.. random. WINDOW OPENED like 4 inches , YaY. Mirror that extended from wall to do my my makeup :) WiFi in each room & is included in your daily resort fee.. . As I sat on the toilet the 2nd day... I yelled out to my husband that I could not believe how clean the bathrooms were & the whole room was super clean actually! It was amazing. . . So everything about this room was perfect for what we would be needing it for. It's only 1.7 miles to Ceasar Palace. For my husband & I that wasn't far at all. For some that might be too far but its super close to other popular casinos :)
I wavered between three and four stars for this place, but since I'm attempting an overall rating, I went for four.  The lady at reception was really nice and informative.  Since my booking came with a free buffet for two, she pointed us to the best one on the list, which turned out to be delightful.  I was actually nervous after reading a lot of reviews about this place reeking and being run down, but was pleasantly surprised when I walked into a fresh, clean room.  The water pressure was slightly weak, but it wasn't unbearable.  Also, what really pushed me to the fourth star was the view.  Half the time, we found ourselves just sitting, pregaming and admiring all the wonders of Vegas out of our window.  This is definitely a hotel where you get what you pay for, but considering you aren't paying much, it certainly beats a motel six or econolodge!  I would definitely stay here again!
Had a great stay.  Got bumped up to a better room by the really nice desk guy.  Huge shower, bathroom, great beds.  Easy to make your way around the hotel.  The "resort fee" is still crap, but still cheap overall.  Great location.  Would def stay here again!
this is a review for the remodeled rooms.  came to this hotel during the last week of december and stayed for only one night.  very good price as usual, less then 100 bucks.  excalibur also allows you to 'upgrade' to a better room for only 5 dollars more...so we went for that.  I have to say the remodeled rooms are a big improvement compared to the older one's.  to be honest nothing is wrong with the older rooms...there just...old :P.  the new rooms were great, new carpet, hd tv, new bed frame, the works.  the bed wasn't that comfy my gf said...but to me i think it was pretty good.  they remodeled the bathroom as well, much better then before.  I guess my advice would be this:  if you wanna stay on the cheap, this hotel is much better then other cheap hotels like circus/cicrus.  also, its worth spending another 10 or 15 bux to get the remodeled rooms.  i'dsay 4 stars if you stay at a remodel room and 3 if your staying in one of the classic rooms
The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean.  The shower is HUGE.  We stayed in Tower 1, there was a pretty big flat screen tv (even though Tower 2 is supposed to be the "widescreen rooms").  Had EXCELLENT service from the valets, front desk, Mlife players club, and craps dealers.  There is a food court with Krispy Kreme and several sit down restaurants including Buca di Beppo.  Great location on the strip!  Had a lot of fun!  Would stay here again!  My only complaint is that the blankets for the beds are pretty thin, I'd recommend getting an extra blanket when checking in.  The internet is not wifi, it is hard wired broadband.  However, I did some research and brought my own router from home and that worked great!
This place is not bad! C'mon people! Compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip, this hotel is significantly CHEAPER!. . I last stayed here about a year ago and paid $30 for one night. I didn't spend much time in the actual hotel except to sleep and it was very clean and enjoyable.. . However, when booking this, I was so hesitant due to a previous stay from 6 years ago. 6 years ago, the room smelled so musky and the beds were so lumpy and squeaky. But I told myself that it wouldn't be bad since most of my time was going to be spent elsewhere. . . Needless to say, it was great! The room was much cleaner from the one I stayed in 6 years ago and smelled clean!. . No issues here.
Cheap fun place the croupiers were so friendly and helpful. Our  room was clean and had everything we needed.  The bed was very comfortable we had a widescreen tv and a great view of the Luxor and airport.  Walls are on the thin side but I have found this a common problem in Vegas. The bars are fun and the cocktail waitresses come around frequently. It is an economy hotel if you are looking for 5 star quality then this is not the place for you if you are looking for a cheap fun place close to everything then come here
Personally I love this place. It fits my price range, not too cheap, not too expensive. Plus its close to a lot of other stuff on the strip. Why would you want a crazy expensive room that you're only gonna sleep, shower, and crap at? Just save some money and stay here. Everybody dance now!
LONG LINE to check in! Mind you I only paid $35 for my hotel - so I wasn't too upset to wait 30 min to check in. Got to the service desk and they didn't have my reservation :-(  checked account statement and no charge even though I have a confimation #.... booked online again for the same price (booking at the counter would have been $55)... the lady was extremely apologetic and gave us free room upgrade, free drink tickets and a coupon booklet :-) we also used their free baggage checkin. . . The only downside is the shower head felt like a whole bunch of needles coming at you at once.... Otherwise a great hotel!!!!
Cool ass hotel :) I remember coming to the Excalibur when I was small. Barely, but I remember the huge castle like exterior that still looks just as cool. . We gambled a few times here since its connected to the Luxor where we stayed. We wanted to try eat at Dick's but never made it :(. . We did buy some Krispy Kreme doughnuts though :) something we don't have on Oahu. . One of the great, older hotel/casinos that you can have in and not worry about being classy or mature :). Visited Aug 2011
Very nice. Comfy bed and nice flat screen tv. The only problem is that the remote didn't work and the internet needed to be plugged in to your laptop. Thought it was funny but hey internet is internet and it got the job done. Only problem is that I couldn't get wifi for my iTouch because NO WIFI. Anywhoos, it hadd a lot of places to munch at, a mini midway game place which nobody wants to go to. You can to NewYork NewYork which was very useful! Oh and the price was great! Maybe I'll stay again next time if I can't find a cheap place.
Neverstayed here.  My friends and I came here for the thunder from down under show!  Before the show, we explored and gambled at the casino.  Great gaming and atmosphere!  Great night out!
solid hotel, rooms are inexpensive and clean. interior decor is not overly dated and food court has reasonable offerings. They have some of the latest slot games, so the gaming is not too bad. Poker room turn out could be better. Only a few live games going and the poker tournaments are only a couple of tables full for $50. Took 4thtoo and got some $ back so cant complain too much.
I love the old king Arthur/castle theme. The outside is lit up and very cool. Plus the tournament of kings show is Awesome!!
Great big room. Soft beds. The pillows were hard. We saw the jousting show and it was awesome!! Mike from Full Metal Jousting worked the show, and we got to say hi. Overall, great stay.
Depending on why you are going to Vegas will be the deciding factor on where to stay. Personally if you want a lavish hotel with fancy, new things you are going to have to pay for it. I've stayed in Suites at the Mandalay bay and they are amazing to relax, look out the window, etc. But.... I usually go to Vegas to party. Meaning: I spend VERY minimal time in my hotel, it is a place for me to set my stuff, get ready and be out and about. Come back and sleep for a couple hours then start over. . For me this hotel is perfect when I don't want to spend a lot on my room but still get a nice place where I can do what I need to do. The location is excellent, casino is cool, pools are nice, and there's a Fat Tuesday/Dicks where I can get cheap but tasty drinks!. Overall I have never had a problem here.
I'm giving it 4 stars because for $27 room fee+$14 resort fee per night I don't think I would find anything better. For the money, it was an excellent value. They upgraded us to a better room without us asking. We had a very comfortable king-size bed, big flat screen TV, internet (not wifi), the room was clean plus we got 2 free drinks per day, which we used at a bar in the Luxor.. . I will say I was very disappointed that only 2 of the 4 pools were open and those 2 pools were PACKED with kids.
I can't complain - for a cheap strip hotel the Excalibur is the one.  We paid $300 with fees for 3 nights on a busy weekend, slipped the woman at the desk an extra $20 and got ourselves a renovated room with pool view while the rest of our party ended up with a roof view in the old tower.  Worth it.  The front desk staff wasn't helpful otherwise but housekeeping was fine and everything was clean.. . The casino itself is nothing special and the castle theme is more or less nonexistent.  However, the pool was a lot nicer than I thought it would be and it wasn't full of d-bags like other pools.  I'll stay at Excalibur again.
Clean rooms nice beds had no issues and pretty decent price
The double bed room we had was nice and looked newly renovated based on what my friend said. The Roundtable Buffet was really good. However there was no refrigerator.
I've been to Vegas dozens of dozens of times. First stay @ Excalibur was this past weekend, April 27 for 4 nights (quick girls getaway).... Yep, we were looking for cheap - both accommodations (seriously, how much time do you spend in a room anyway?) & lower limit craps helps......  I really don't have many complaints.   . . Arrived around 3 pm on a Friday (I'd assume that is near a prime check-in time) & yep, there was a line but it moved pretty well. We were given 2 bed room, as requested in Tower I (later was told Tower II is nicer, so......). Went straight to our room, it was acceptable. Had view of Tropicana, nothing special but I guess better than a brick wall.  Yes, the room was dated (old carpet,bedding, furniture) but it was clean. 3 girls in 1 room, it did have something we needed:  a large bathroom! Single sink but large space with long vanity for all our stuff.. . We were in our room for maybe 3 minutes before heading out. . . The next morning, our entire hallway reeked of weed. Cannot totally blame Excalibur for that, but still........  . . My 2 girlfriends went to the pool & thought it was fine (went to the adult only section). They were there way early (9:30 a.m.), stayed for a couple of hours. Said by the time they left, people were stalking them for their chairs because it was so crowded. . . Left note for housekeeping requesting additional towels, which was accommodated. . . Didn't gamble @ Excalibur at all until late night Saturday & it was great. Friendly dealers (I only play craps).  Other patrons playing were sometimes a little shady; not unexpected at lower limit tables. . . Rented a car for a drive to Red Rock Canyon (cool, btw). rental car service @ desk was easy ....walking to the parking garage & the garage itself:  sketchy, ewwwww...... . Tried to use free drink coupon @ Sherwood Forest and was basically duped. Guy totally saw my coupon (and consistent with a lot of others, he basically ignored us as long as possible & then was pretty rude). I order vodka tonic & when we handed, said I could not use coupon for Absolute. I never requested Absolute. So he told me I had to pay for my drink....  Bait & switch. I should have been more assertive but didn't want to make a scene over $10 in front of my friends so I let it go. . . At checkout, another long line. I opted to just leave.  I emailed to request a copy of my bill, which was promptly sent & was accurate.  . . All-in-all, I didn't hate Excalibur (& I've stayed in fabulous places worldwide). I didn't eat in any of the restaurants, I only gambled there late night as we were coming home....  I found it to be a great bargain for on the strip & is worth checking out if you want nothing but the basics.   Biggest complaint is the $15 resort fee for pretty much nothing:  no one WANTS to honor the coupons & there is no wireless.
For a cheap hotel, it's sweet! We stayed on the renovated tower side! Clearly it makes a huge difference in people's reviews. We arrived very late, so the check in line wasn't bad. The clerk was pretty nice and welcoming. Thankfully we "checked out" the night before we left because that line in the daytime is no effin joke!!!!!!. . It's decent, clean, upgraded chic with a flat screen TV. I don't have any complaints about it. The location is rather at the end of the strip so walk, take a cab, use the rail station, it's all easily accessible if you want to get to the other end.. . The casino is subpar but hey, better ones are within walking distances. For the rate I paid, I got more than my money's worth!
For the money, it gets no better! Clean rooms (widescreen room), rowdy college atmosphere, nice pools, lots of food options, and PERFECT location! Honestly can't say anything wrong with our stay
Mostly positive, the rooms are a good size and kept clean, and the maid service is honest and doesn't steal. That being said, they could use a few small improvements, especially in the shower area, which is badly in need of a shelf to put shampoo bottles on. My neighbor's shower was louder than mine (and they seemed to need like five a day!), so they may want to look at the plumbing between rooms 20232 and 20230. And I know they want you to go down and buy coffee from their (Crappy) Castle Coffee stand right next to the elevators, but an in-room coffee maker would still be nice as I find facing anything to do with Vegas first thing when I wake up a humongous task if I don't have at least a little caffeine in me. Also, I paid extra for a room with an HD-TV, but they don't have a single HD station on the regular cable. I was here for a wedding and didn't have a lot of $$ to go out and gamble, so the TV was one of my few sources of entertainment (especially at night), and I have to say for the price I paid it was NOT worth it.. . However, the bed was comfortable and had just the right amount of bedding and pillows, and I enjoyed the fact that the window opened a couple inches so I could get fresh air up on the 20th floor. I do wish they would patrol the corridors and make sure people don't scream and yell near the rooms...I understand it's Vegas, but people still need to sleep at some point :/
We stayed here in March 2012, and we had a great experience. Really for the price, you can't beat it. Sure it's not the Paris or one of the more upscale hotels but then again, like I mentioned, can't beat t he price! I also have to give a shout out to the housekeeping staff! They skipped our room during the afternoon and when we got back at midnight it wasn't clean. I called them and they offered to send someone down right then. How awesome is that? Next time I think I would like to spring for the extra money and stay at a more luxurious place, because its fun. But I wouldn't take Excalibur off of my list. Also love the new BBQ place Lynyrd Skynrd with the karaoke!!!
I was nervous going in, but I wanted an inexpensive room for my first nights stay in Vegas.  This is by no means the fanciest hotel on the strip, but the price is right.  The bed was SUPER comfortable and the room/towels were clean.  The decor was extremely dated, but it wasn't a problem since I was using this room to sleep, not entertain.  The hotel staff was courteous.  No complaints here.
I really enjoyed my stay here at the Excalibur. Sure it is outdated & their doors look gross & you can see smudgy fingerprints everywhere, but for the price I paid I would definitely stay again. If I wanted to stay in my hotel room all day then I'm sure I would have paid for a better quality room at another hotel on the strip. For a 2 night stay during the week it was about $40 a night which isn't bad at all if I'm only there to sleep, shower & change clothes. . . The casino was pretty decent in my opinion as well. They offer drink passes as part of the resort fees. I redeemed those free drinks at The Lounge, I believe it was called. I really wished they carried Blue Moon. Perhaps the next time I stay, they will have added that.
Good hotel for the price. . Part of the MGM property. . . Well maintained, but age does show.
When I go to Vegas I would rather pay less for a good hotel then pay a ton of money for a fancy hotel since I don't spend a ton of time in the room. Excalibur is just right for us. My family and I have stayed at Excalibur several times and have enjoyed our stay each time. It is family-friendly (as far as Vegas goes)which  is really nice. The past couple of times it has seemed like they are trying to become a little edgier, but it's still better than other hotels if you want something a little less risque for kids. We were able to walk through the hotel at night, go to the arcade, and there are game kiosks throughout the hotel.. The pool is not the best on the strip, but it works. It is towards the end of the strip, but it's not a deal breaker, as there are various buses and monorails to get to the other side of the strip. We really enjoy the free monorail to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, as they have several places to eat and shop. . There are places to eat, but it's not the best variety. The buffet wasn't my favorite, but there is a pizza hut, cold stone, krispy kremes, baja fresh, and another place with things like nachos and hot dogs. These places don't stay open too late, though.. The workers have always been nice. I got lost a couple times and the workers were nice when answering my questions. It's a hit & miss with housekeeping. They do a wonderful job cleaning the rooms, but if they don't leave enough towels you may have to call down a couple times. . As for the hotel rooms, they aren't the best in Vegas, but they're fine for me. The beds are comfortable, there's room to move in the room, and they are recently upgraded (within the past few years). There is a table, 2 chairs, a tv, and beds in each room. We always get the room we request, the non-smoking rooms are really non-smoking rooms (I think there are non-smoking floors), and the towers and rooms are very quiet. I have stayed here many,many times and have never had a problem. (I think I've always stayed in Tower II). Check in is fast and they have a loading area near the towers. They also have great parking. I enjoy the atmosphere as well. There are some kids here, but it's not just for kids. . I give this place 4 stars because it could improve in some places, but it is a kid friendly and nice hotel, which is what I like most about the Excalibur.
If you are looking for a beautiful, modern, 5 star hotel....stay somewhere else. There are plenty of options, so stop complaining like the Excalibur mislead you to believe you were walking into a 5 diamond resort that you paid a fraction of the price for. . . I have stayed here plenty of times. They offer great deals, are conveniently located, and have good options for gaming and food. You can't beat a place that is basically connected to 4 other hotel/casinos, especially in the Vegas summer heat. Most of the bartenders and dealers are nice and I have always thought that service staff was friendly as well. I don't go to Vegas to stay in my room though. We go out all day, come back to refresh, then go out again until it's time for some sleep. That's why we almost always stay at Excalibur or Luxor. It may not be a fancy hotel, but I'm also not looking to spend all of my money on a room I'm never in. The Excalibur works very well for us. . . If you want to stay in the lap of luxury, go spend $250-500/night at Bellagio, Venetian, or Ceasar's, etc. If you want an affordable, convenient place that leaves you more money for some Vegas fun, hit up the Excalibur.
This has always been my home away from home.  They treat me well, upgrade my room, free food and drink vouchers and serve me like the queen that I am.  Do not be fooled though, this came at a price.  Being a huge gambler makes this all possible.  Once you win their money they want you to keep coming back to lose it all back to them.  Whatever it is, I'll take it.  The pool area is clean and upgraded from what it used to be.  The rooms have been upgraded and are more comfortable.  The food court located on the 2nd floor of the casino is amazing and boasts names like Krispy Kream doughnuts, McDonald's, Starbucks and so many others.  Not to mention, this hotel is close to the airport and near some of the other big hotels like Mandalay Bay, Luxor, New York New York and MGM Grand.
We drove out on Friday and went bar hopping got drunk,ate,gambled an all that good $hit, Until our check in which was at 3pm Sat ... Obviously we are not in a movie an time doesn't pass as fast as a 30 sec montage, and by the time it was 7 am we were DONE. Even though we knew early check in was at 12 pm. We decided to just go ahead an ask the front desk if we could get an earlier time. They were friendly and  told us that there would have a room  ready at 9 am and we got upgraded room  to a higher floor and widescreen room for only 20 bucks... . . We were just  annoying  guests an called the front desk multiple times for more pillows, blankets,towels and wake up calls etc not only did it only take about 5 mins each time for them to come up. They were really polite and nice each time.. . I've read so many horrible reviews for this hotel... I was scared coming into the hotel but it was surprisingly great .. For 40 bucks ??? Yes Please ! ^-^
Excalibur is nothing fancy but it gets the job done if you come to Vegas during a busy period.. . My group of friends and I booked this hotel for New Year's Eve weekend. Hotels are a lot more expensive during holidays but Excalibur had the lowest prices. We got a regular widescreen room was was actually a good size and clean room for what we paid for. Regardless, we are out of the room doing things most of the time.. . Excalibur is great location-wise. It's right at the intersection next to New York New York, MGM Grand, and Tropicana. It's also directly connected to Luxor which directly connects to Mandalay Bay. Basically, you can hit up six major casinos without having to walk far. It's also very easy to get in and out being right off Interstate 15.. . Excalibur also has a food court with a variety of places (even a McDonalds) which is good for people looking to eat cheap.. . The bottom line is that if you are going to Vegas during the off-season, there are nicer hotels you can get at a low price. But during a time like New Year's, this is one of the best places you can stay at.
Gets the job done, I LOVE THE AC THOUGH, I need cold rooms and its awesome!
We came specifically for the games.  . . I came in empty-handed and I walked out w/ a pink skunk.. . "Thank you, brother for winning this for me."  . . If you are wondering, the boyfriend lost to his brother at the game (haha).
I loved this place!  It was awesome!  We got to stay in one of their remodeled rooms and only for $25.00!  It is also in a great location on the strip.  We will stay here again in the future.
I give them 4 stars we stayed here for 2 nights in a standard room. Very clean and up dated. I was a little worried about this place since the price was cheaper then most hotels on the strip.  And the reviews are low. But I disagree  Excalibur was great I would go back  and stay here. If price is a big deal you can't go wrong staying here. . The casino was no different then any other casino. The food choices are ok price are high but that is the same everywhere on the strip. . One bad thing was the buffet we were lazy and decided to eat diner there. That was a bad mistake. not good at all. Do not eat the buffet here.. You are on the lower end of the strip but you have to choose  an area of the strip to stay so that is not a issue.
A storybook castle gleams to bring fanciful fables to life, of dragons and knights, damsels and unicorns, Merlin the magician and King Arthur. This realm features jousting tournaments, fair maidens, period tapestries, exquisite carpeting, armored sentries, regal royalty, and overall ornate surroundings nicely done.. . Dining recommendation: Roundtable Buffet. Excellent service, attractive maidens, beautiful environment featuring knight on horse and impressive chandeliers, delicious foode. 5/5.. . Entertainment recommendation: Tournament of Kings, which also features "medieval dining", very much resembling "Medieval Times". 5/5.
The excalibur is he perfect combination of cost, location, vegas kitsch and good lodging. The hotel is located in a good spot on the trip, close to all of the main hotels, it is shaped like a castle and has all of the normal vegas accessories you would expect. At the same time it is very affordable for people on a budget, but they don't cut any corners on having clean and comfortable living arrangements. I totally recommend this place to people visiting las vegas!
The wide screen tower rooms are worth an extra $20-30. They are really nice and the best/cheapest you're going to get on the strip. Excalibur seems to be a family spot so you will see lots of kids running around. My complaints about this place is the casino gets pretty quiet and dead around 12am and the lack of eating spots but for the price and location, you can't do better. Trust me, you will not find another casino of this caliber (even if it's not the greatest) on the strip at their prices. Also, Luxor, New York New York and MGM are walking distances away if you need a change of scenery.
Stayed in a new "contemporary room". It's much nicer than their standard, old skool rooms. Pay the extra and you'll enjoy your stay. It had a nice, big flat screen TV. Everything was clean, nice bed furnishings and furniture. Shower was a little on the old side, but it was fine. Nothing to write on Yelp about. For $25/ night mid week, you can't lose staying here. Well, you can, just don't gamble. I will be back again.
Nothing about this hotel is a pure 5 stars, but it ALL deserves 4 stars for being a pleasant stay and a clean hotel. For $25 + fees and taxes, we got a 2 queen bed room on the 23rd floor of Tower 1.. NOTE: This is just an average hotel. There are definitely way nicer hotels on the strip, but for the cost you can't beat this one.. . We had a decently nice view of the strip! The beds were soft and very easy to sleep in after a long night. Shower looked a tiny bit dated, but was walk-in, so I had no complaints. Large LCD tv and modern furniture was a pleasant surprise! Overall, my experience was very pleasant! I would recommend to any of my friends, and I will probably end up there again in the future.
Stayed in a standard room (these are located in Tower I), 25th floor, with a view of the Luxor, (I believe the other view from Tower I is of the Strip).  The room had a King Size bed, large flat screen TV, large bathroom (shower stall, no tub) with hair dryer), table and chairs, and ethernet powered internet access.. . The bed was very comfortable, we had no problem sleeping and woke refreshed with no pain.  . . There were no problems with the room at all.  It was cozy with enough room to mill about, stash our suitcases, sleep comfortably.  The rumor is that the contemporary rooms (renovated) are in Tower II.  I wasn't expecting spectacular decor since we did not choose a contemporary room.  Aside from the carpet (not bad) and the drapes (a tad dated, but it is a medevil castle), the room felt very modern with an updated bedspread, comfy chairs and newer furniture.. . We experienced a repair man that came to our room because someone called with a broken air conditioning unit and gave them our room number on accident.  (But hey props to them for wanting to fix it immediately, too bad it was the wrong room.). . The only issue was that the internet worked rather sporadically.  Even when connecting by ethernet cable it was hard to get it to work, it often said there was no connection.... this wasn't our laptop error either as it has never happened before or since.  . . We DID NOT get bed bugs despite the many reviews that mention them.. . We were perfectly happy.  This is a great hotel if you need to save money somewhere and don't mind a no-frills room.  I will certainly consider this on my next visit as well.
From 14 years old to 20 years old, it was tradition that our families got together to spend New Years in Las Vegas.  Being under-aged at the time, I couldn't enjoy much.  I thought that it was evil that when I finally turned 21, we ended our tradition.  So when I first turned 21, guess where I wanted my first Vegas experience to be. That's right...Excalibur.  I graduated from Midway's Arcade and the Tournament of Kings to Black Jack and all night drinking.  Fast forward 15+ years and I'm still coming to Excalibur.  Minus the all night drinking and gambling.. . Pros:. -Rooms are cheap.  Not Budge Suites cheap, but cheaper than the Mandalay.. -Great comps:  I don't play much, but own their player's card.  I get free rooms from time to time.. -Arcade:  When my baby girl and nephews are in town, this is where we go. . -Pool is kid friendly.  . -Beer Pong:  Only when family is in.  2 AM Beer Pong gets the competitive spirits up. . -Loose:  Not the guest, but the slots.  My parents win here and they love their slots.. -Location:  One of the few casinos on the strip where it's easy in and out.  . -Tournament of Kings:  Half price for locals and kids should experience it at least once.. -Remodeled Rooms:  Their remodeled rooms are clean and updated.  Lacking the smell of smoke. . -$5 Black Jack. -Poker Room:  Small but there's action from tourist that only know poker from ESPN. . -Dick's Last Resort. . Cons:. -Parking: My suggestion if you're staying is valet and bell service.. -Some rooms are outdated.  Could have changed in the last year.  If you're reserving here, ask for their remodeled rooms.  It's a world of difference.. -Old:  Needs a serious remodel both inside and outside.  . -Eats:  Buffet is just okay.  Upstairs is bunch of fast food that seems to have smaller portions and cost more.  . . Since I have more pros than cons, I have to give this place 4 stars.  Plus, it's one of my parent's favorites.  Also a place where I am taking my daughter and nephews when they're in town. . . . . PS:  Message for my little girl since it's also her birthday today.  Daddy loves you.  Happy Birthday Honey Bunches of Oats. See you soon.
New Year's spent in Vegas, a great experience. My girlfriend, her family and I decided to celebrate the end of 2012 and the start of 2013 by driving down to Vegas. It was a last minute decision and we realized it would probably be pricey and hard finding an affordable place to stay considering the nature of the events going on and the last minute choice. . . However, for 3 nights we managed to book a room at th Excalibur for roughly $500. Other places were ridiculously high ranging from $200-400 a night. We chose to stay until January 2nd in an effort to avoid the large amount of traffic and chaos it would be to get out of Vegas during the day of New Years. Now onto the review of Excalibur itself. . . The hotel itself, a bit less exotic or upscale looking as other places but still quite a twist having a castle looking hotel with two towers. Depending in the tower your room is located (Tower I or Tower II) you will either have a great view of Las Vegas Boulevard, aka, The Strip or a view of the highway entering Vegas. We stayed in Tower II and had a nice view of some parts of Vegas but not so much a view of the strip. The rooms were a nice size where you can choose to have a king bed or two queens. Bring your own blanket if the air conditioning/heater isn't enough as the blankets provided aren't true blankets, but nonetheless, the average temperature in the room remains above 60 degrees as you cannot set it lower than that. . . With checking in, you get a coupon book full of many offers. A good one is the complimentary two drinks within Excalibur you get where you only pay gratuity. . . It has a good selection of slot machines and various tables where you can play at and the Craps and Poker tables are often filled with enthusiastic gamblers. Of importance would be to sign ul for M-Life, the membership card that basically allows you to accumulate points at various hotels and casinos which include big ones like the Mandalay Bay, MGM, etc. I managed to rack up 500 points to get a free play balance of $10 and hope to continue to add to my point balance in the near future. . . The casino is a smoking zone so bring a surgical mask or something if you hate smoke. There's a food court on the second floor, a bucca de pepo as well, an odd place called Dicks Last Resort and it is connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay for you to explore. You can get married at the little chapel inside, get a water massage, see naked buff dudes dance, and get a bobblehead made!. . Overall I felt it was a solid hotel and casino. They had plenty of gambling options to choose from, good drinks, a solid selection of food items. A couple of things that weren't so great was the inconsistency of the "cleanliness" of the hotel, spit hanging on the elevator door, being hassled by some guys trying to give you "free" stays at the place and the old little ladies with their aged bossoms trying to get you to buy cocktails and drinks. Sadly, the buffet wasn't all that great, it did its job in satisfying my hunger but wasn't out of this world. . . Excalibur is chill, does what its supposed to do and is conveniently located on the strip. Will be back to visit the casino and perhaps the hotel in the near future.
So hotels.com had a last minute deal for the weekend before New Years (it appears many people found said deal.). . Hotels on the strip generally are priced more than I paid for the entire weekend so price wise I was impressed.. . I have stayed in a lot of hotels in vegas, from the plaza (yikes), to circus circus...never..again, to the Signature at the MGM (piiiiiimp). This place was in the middle, which ladies and gentlemen..I expected.. . Check in was quick and efficient, they give you a coupon book with two free drinks for the hotel bars (in case you don't want to play)...I cannot complain about this, we had a 20.00 food voucher as well.. . Be aware like almost ALL strip hotels they charge a "Resort Fee" its the new thing..its stupid but it is what it is and it was still cheaper than normal. . . The room was clean, 2 queen beds, flat screen TV and Full view of the turrets in the middle of the castle. Needless to say my 2 year old was thrilled (don't ask...it just had to happen that way).. . Parking wasn't as bad as it could have been, we used self park, and could usually get pretty close to the door our rooms were near. . . The shopping is decent inthe Excalibur, I do enjoy that it is connected to the Luxor and if you have the chance go to Popcornopolis (holy cow).. . Their buffet is subpar that would be my only complaint. Not a lot of options for the price, the presentation is meager at best. I would go to Paris or Harrah's before I would go back there.. . . If you are looking for a nice bed to rest in, and not be extremely pampered (to each their own for their Vegas trip) then this place is for you. My philosophy in Vegas is there is so much to see and do, I can get pampered at home for cheaper and sleep when I'm dead.. . I would stay at the Ex again without issue.
Everything We Needed. . Really enjoyed our stay here! We stayed Friday - Tuesday for the Rock n Roll Marathon and couldn't have been happier especially with how close it was to the starting line. Our room was clean (though wish it had a fridge) and had a great view of New York New York and the strip. It was easy to check in, always able to get a taxi, and I had the best luck at this casino over the others :) We also really enjoyed the Excalibur buffet (twice), ate at Bucca di Beppo inside the hotel and had some beers and watched the game at Octane (bar next to the buffet). We also ate at the Baja Fresh that was inside and the Pizza Hut Express. I would definitely stay here again.
The place was clean and decent for the price.  My bf and I stayed here one night on our grand canyon trip.  Las Vegas is a nice stop back to civilization.  We basically stayed in our room and just watched TV and slept.  Excalibur does give you drink coupons though.  We missed out on that.  It is conveniently located on the strip.  Our hotel room was nice and clean, but it was rough around the corners.  For instance the lamp shades were bent, as if someone had a party there and this was never fixed.  We stayed in the newer renovated tower, which was okay.  For the ~100$ we spent for a night it was a-okay!
Staying at the Excalibur is a straightforward case of you get what you pay for. If you were expecting champagne dreams at cheap screw top wine prices, then you're better off not staying here and paying more to go stay at the Wynn or the Encore or something or you'll be disappointed. But for the rest of us that still want to save money while wanting to stay on the strip, I was very pleasantly surprised. I will admit I was scared of all the negative reviews before I went, and considered almost canceling, especially in light of the whole murder/suicide thing, but I really enjoyed my stay there.. . Basically my gf and I decided to head to Las Vegas for New Years. We really wanted to stay on the strip and the Excalibur was by far the cheapest place for the location. I go to Vegas at least once or twice a year, and I never really need to spend a lot of time in the hotel room, other than to sleep and get ready to go out. If you're the kind of person that spends a lot of time in their room, then yeah, you also probably won't like this place, but if you're like me, it's perfect. The staff  I encountered was always friendly and helpful.. .  I will say the casino is smokey, maybe a little bit more than average, but every casino in the city is a little smokey, so I didn't think this one was vastly and horribly worse than the others.  Also, the timeshare people never bothered me. I only ever ran into two the whole time I was there, and both times they immediately backed off when we said " no thank you". The room was clean, spacious and comfortable, with a cool view of the Luxor and the mountains, and this was even in unrenovated Tower 1. We were having such a good time, we stayed an extra night and I registered for a player's card. . . Also, I booked through Expedia and it very clearly states that they will charge you a resort fee! I can't speak for other booking methods, but where Expedia is concerned it's not like it was some kind of scam cause they mention, I think at least twice, in regular print, that they will charge you.. . All in all, I thought the place was fun and good for the price.
This is an older hotel, that being considered it is in really great shape.  The rooms are clean and the common areas are well maintained.  This hotel has the best room rates on the strip, value for you dollar is well worth the visit.  After all how much time will you really spend in the room...IT VEGAS!  There is a Tram that will take you to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. The only negative thing I have to say about the resort...the people trying to give you discount show tickets to go see a time share, they absolutely drove me up the wall!  It was so bad I actually had a hard time finding the true concierge to purchase regular tickets to shows.  Thesepeople actually run after you to get your attention!  Other than that great value hotel.
Decent hotel at affordable prices. It's not amazing, but it's pretty comfortable and a fun enough place. I've stayed here a couple times and it has a pretty good location, at the nicer end of the strip. The shops are cute and have pretty good prices. Lots of quick, easy dining options. The buffet is average. The casino is decent and has bar carts and dancers on the weekends, plus the arcade downstairs is kind of fun.
The Excalibur Hotel and Casino might not be the most glamorous, fun, or exciting place to stay on Strip but it's a great deal for the price you pay. The rooms are large, clean, and didn't smell like smoke. The casino had all of the usual table games and slots. It's location to the freeway on and off ramps takes the bite out of the cost of taxis.. . What impressed me most is how they handled a fire situation in one of the towers. Around 1:30am or so, a fire broke out in one of the higher levels. They evacuated everyone while the fire department did their job. It took a few hours before we were allowed to go back to our rooms. Because of this, the hotel waived the nightly fee and gave everyone a free pass to the Round Table Buffet for breakfast or lunch. Most people would expect some kind of reimbursement like that in this day and age but the fact that this was not a fault of the hotel but from the actions of a guest and yet the hotel did provide this accommodation really impressed me and won me over.
Cheap rooms. Flat screen. Has plunty of places to eat cheap. kind of in the middle to south end of strip so its a good location. No wifi.
You get what you pay for here. Its not the nicest but it is a fun place to stay with kids. Very friendly, the games and the ambiance are all fun and mid evil. They do have great restaurants in there. the shows are fun and the downstairs game area is a blast for sure. I recommend this place. Just keep in mind it is not a nice hotel justa fun one
First off let me say I am fairly easy to impress because I don't sweat the small stuff. Only gripes are there is no wifi available in the room for mobile devices and the in room air conditioning was weak.. Our room was a wide screen room on the 20 floor looking at the backside of Luxor. Beds were fantastic and the room was clean. It did not smell like 20+ years of smoke on the walls. Bathroom was spacious and the shower put out hot water. The elevators moved fast and getting to the room was easy.. . I did not run into a million kids like most people. This is one of th family friendly spots in Vegas so be ready for it but it is not overwhelming. We did see more kids in the food court but did not go downstairs to the fun dungeon. . . Our service was better there than the other casinos I had visited. Cocktail waitresses were around frequent and were very nice. Bar staff was good at lobby bar. Dicks last resort has a frozen drink stand that is there as well and it's a must have when we travel to Vegas. . The check in and out procedure was very easy. It is easy to go from the rotunda to the front desk and the casino is very navigable. . The food court inside is great. Cheaper than eating in most places. Of course, you get what you pay for. American burger works is also in the casino area. Had two very good burgers and the dipping sauce for your fries are wonderful. Sriracha ketchup was a hit in our group. Friendly service albeit very slow for fast food standards. . . Overall a 4 because of no wifi and not a good air conditioner in room. I will probably look for a different hotel when the summer days get to 100 and then some but air conditioner was fine in march when the temps are around 70
Great Stay! Vickie at the front desk was fantastic, a great help with checking in. The hotel is not very fancy but the best value in Vegas. Rooms are good size and an even better price. TV's are not very high quality but not much time is spent in the room. The casino is large and has many different gaming options. The food court has good variety and decent prices as well. The sportsbook isnt fancy but a great spot to watch games and make bets. Make sure to sign up for M life and get a free coupon book for the hotel and other destinations on strip. Housekeeping is good and very prompt when calling for something. Overall A Experience! Will return for sure!
My family and I recently stayed at the Excalibur Hotel in March. I was nervous because some of the reviews I read were hit and miss. But I have to say that we had a GREAT time! This hotel is family friendly and we would stay here again. My daughter was never bored. She enjoyed the fun dungeon, pool and the Medieval show. The rooms are cheap but surprisingly very spacious. They also had good choices of food places. We ate at the Italian restaurant and it was delicious!! Give this hotel a try if you want to save money and spend it elsewhere in Vegas.
I disagree with the nasty reviews.. . Never have we arrived to a dirty room. . . The staff has always been awesome..  . We are not "rednecks" impressed by a sex-motel.. . I have seen plenty of younger people here.. . I don't care about a "gluten free" diet and if I did I would carry a bag of my own food with me.. . I'm not "Asian" so I have not been "discriminated" against.. . The front desk has ALWAYS been wonderful.. . Some people are just far too "Bourgeois" OR have no idea what they are looking for when it comes to traveling to Vegas.. . COME ONE people........you are either there for a luxary adult vacation, maybe try the Wynn.. . OR a party adult vacation, try the Cosmopolitan.. . Maybe a big summer pool party?? Try the Tropicana maybe??. . But don't knock a perfectly decent, accommodating Hotel because YOU did not spend some time researching exactly what YOU were looking for for YOUR Vegas trip!!. . I love the Excalibur.. . Thank you Excaalibur staff for being awesome.
I think this place is MUCH better than a lot of these reviews say. We did have a tower 2 room, which are supposed to be a lot nicer but we got it for free just by asking the really nice front desk lady that checked us in. The casino does have the old vegas smokey smell but then again, most of the casinos smell like that. The pool wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. Liked the adult only area and enjoyed the hot tubs. We were there during the beginning of march madness so all the table limits were raised above normal which was annoying. For the price I would definitely stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to suggest this hotel to other budget conscious Vegas travelers.
This hotel was very nice and clean. It was the first hotel I had ever stayed in in Las Vegas. It was at this hotel that I discovered my love for coffee. I too disagree with the nasty reviews; my experience was great.
I was really impressed special price of under 40 bucks for the night online special. MOST hotels have them right now.  The refurbished rooms are cleaner, beds are supersoft, room is spacious and no cigarette smell! The  atmospher of the casino and hotel was fun, busy and easy to get around. Checkin was quick, staff was super friendly. definatly worth the stay and new favorite on my list. Skip the buffet though, not that good.
I am not sure if all of their rooms are renovated, but assuming you do get a room that has been, you'll be just fine here.  My room was clean, my bathroom was clean, my TV functioned properly, and there's plenty of space for 2-4 people to walk around.  I stayed on a non-smoking floor and didn't smell any smoke.  Finally, my rate on the weeknight was $29 and my rate for Friday was $69.  Overall, where else can you stay on the strip for this price and for a room that is perfectly fine?. . Also, hard to hate a hotel that does offer $5 roulette and blackjack tables most of the day and night.
I had a great time here at the Excalibur in Las Vegas at a great price.. . My goal on this getaway was to see all the sites, not sit around in my hotel room, so I'm not that critical about how it looks as long as it was clean (and it was). When I did crash I thought the beds were super comfy with really soft sheets. I haven't experienced sheets like that since I stayed at the W in New Orleans!. . The Excalibur itself is a little long in the tooth meaning it does show its age but it is well maintained. I stayed in Tower 1 that had a sh*tty view (but oh well!). I was on the non-smoking floor that was quiet.. . My only complaint was that I waited in line at the front desk to mail some postcards. When I got up to the clerk I mentioned it seemed silly to wait five minutes to send four freakin' postcards and asked why didn't they have a mail slot. She mentioned that there was indeed a mail drop -- outside. I'm like WTF? Please put up a sign! Jeez.. . So that's it. Good price, good location. I'm sure someday I'd like a more bougie and upscale Vegas experience but then I'll have to pay big bucks for that. Ah, I can dream!
My sister, niece, and some girlfriends had a weekend in Vegas on our last day I missed my flight so with no reservation and no credit card (I lost my wallet lucky I had cash) they allowed me to rent a room All the staff was nice and efficient minus a few (that's why 4 stars not 5) and the rooms were nice in Tower Two (beds were a little hard for my liking) pool is beautiful and plenty to do for all ages.
- Excalibur attracts a less upscale clientele but it's good if you know what to expect.. - On Sun/21 Apr roughly 4 pm my friends wanted to play here for the $5 minimum craps and I was content with the $10 minimum blackjack (they had $5 tables but then the blackjack paid only 6-to-5 instead of 3-to-2).  . - Dick's Last Resort bar has cheap drinks and is pretty fun.. - Excalibur has an excellent location near MGM, NY-NY and Luxor properites.
great place to party,.  haven't rented a room...
Cheap as hell! That alone was worth it!! Thunder from down under?! Yes please! Rooms have been updated an they really aren't bad at all, pool I nice. It looks great from the outside. A bunch of old people on the slots and not great ventilation but overal. Very good. Annnnd u can jut go next door to NY NY and get drunk and have good service :)
We recently visited Vegas and stayed at the Excalibur.  We were quite pleased with the room (we stayed in a Contemporary King) and the general condition of the hotel and casino. The food court was under construction, so that was a bit of a mess,but all in all, considering the price paid, we had a good experience.. . The staff was courteous, parking was easy, and the pool area was great, except they would not let us bring our muffins in the pool area, which was a hassle because we had planned have our coffee and muffin poolside. Instead we had to eat the muffin outside the entry door, then we were allowed to take our coffee in. Not sure what that was about...
I give this a 4.5 star as I was pleased all the restaurants or fast food places to choose from to eat right in the hotel, lots of new & old slot machines, a few bars, lovely pool area, great kids zone upstairs, simi friendly servers, we had the deluxe room & although it had plenty of space I have taken the half star off due to it being a little dirty, table seats had food stains & there is no wi-fi & the internet wire in room we were to use for internet did not work... besides those 3 flaws everything else was great & for sure will stay again!
My parents and I have stayed at Excalibur twice in two years and each time, it was the hotel that the tour group chose.. . It is a great hotel, both inside and outside.  The room was wonderful, the bathroom was wonderful, and the TV worked.. . The only complaint was that they do not have wi-fi.  I found out in the hotel's FAQ before staying here.  They only have wired internet.. . MGM Mirage will update all of its hotels to have wi-fi later this year.  I found this out while reading the Las Vegas Review Journal business section online recently.
After leaving the MGM to come here due to the UNCOMFORTABLE atmosphere with 20 something's making out everywhere in the pool area I thank the Excalibur for finishing my trip on a good note.. . My husband and I came here from the MGM with our kids, 13 and 9, and were so thankful we did.  The first room we were given was not cleaned well.  There was food all over the floor and the toilet was broken.  I have never switched rooms before but I felt that this was just not acceptable.  We went back down to the check in and waited for about 15 minutes before the lady from VIP came over to help and called us into the VIP area to check in.  After explaining what happened with the room, she was extremely apologetic and immediately switched our room to a high floor with a view.  She was very delightful and friendly.  I don't remember her name, but she was great!. . The room was ok, yes, they have updated the rooms but there is still wear and tear on the dresser and the chairs are old looking, orange felt.  But, I didn't come for the rooms; I came for a better experience for my kids than the MGM.  And a better experience we got! I must say though that the bed was very comfortable and the room was clean with enough towels and products.   Maid service was very polite and brought us extra blankets when we called for them within 5 minutes and gave us extra towels when she saw us in the hall.. . We went down to the pool immediately after getting settled and even though the slide pool was closed (the main attraction for my 9 year old son), we were able to rent a cabana for $25 for the rest of the afternoon (3-6).  This was great!  You get a stocked fridge, tv, and a great host and waitress, padded pool chairs and a couch.  We spent the rest of the afternoon relaxing and enjoying the weather.  A WAY better experience than the MGM!  They happened to be running a special the next day for the cabanas at the slide pool so we immediately held one for us for the next day as we had planned to spend the entire day at the pool anyways.   Another great day and great experience.  I can't tell you how much fun my kids had and we didn't have to sit in the blazing sun (it was 100 degrees that day) and they bring you food when you order, drinks and make sure you are taken care of plus all the extras I mentioned earlier.  Thank you Excalibur for having great staff!. . If you have a family and are bringing them to Vegas (which despite all the younger crowd's complaints, there is a TON of things to do with kids here) I highly recommend bringing them to the Excalibur.  The rooms are cheaper and even the food is cheaper at the food court than other bigger hotels.  The McDonald's here is way cheaper than the McDonald's at the MGM.  The pool area is way more kid-friendly and the slide pool is a hit.  We will definitely come back here for our next family vacation.
The best thing about the Excalibur is that it's more economical than other hotels on the strip. The cost of the hotel room was $27 (booked through Expedia). Of course, with all the vegas hotels these days, resort fee of $15 which gets you amenities, including wired internet in your room. The deal also included $20 food and beverage credit, which can be used at mostly bars, and the one restaurant I saw on there, which was the steakhouse (which is on the pricier side. Look up my review of the steak house at camelot for more info on the coupon there). Also included was a free play at the Dungeon, aka the midway arcade. The coupon book didn't include any match plays, unfortunately.. . The room itself was nice. Spacious enough. The tv is large. There is an ethernet cable for you to plug into your computer for wired internet service. The internet was a bit slow. . . The beds were fine. They give you 3 pillows, so you get some extra fluff. . . The elevators were separated floors 1-18 and 18 and up. So if you want a fast elevator service and a high floor, book Floor 18 or so. . . As for the casino, it was stingy. Many of the blackjack tables use continuous shuffler machines, which I am not a fan of. Most minimums were around $10 for most table games.
I have stayed here a couple of times already, and I haven't had any issues with this hotel casino.. . A cople reasons why I have stayed here are the price and location.   For me, I find the location of this hotel to be great.  Next door is Luxor, across the street is the New York New York Hotel, diagonally is the MGM Grand, and just a bit further up is a food court with several food selections such as my favorites Subway, and Del Taco, all within a 10 minute walking distance from the hotel. Not in the mood for Subway or Del Taco, then just drive over the 15 freeway to an In-N-Out.  Need gas for your, there is a gas station close by.  Speaking of the 15 freeway, that's another reason why I like this hotel's location.  Just hop off the Tropicana exit and a few hundred feet up is a driveway for the parking lot. You don't have to deal with much pedestrian foot traffic.  Even leaving the hotel to get on the 15 is relatively easy. And the traffic around that area isn't as bad as the traffic I have seen further up the strip.. . When I have stayed here,it's always a room with two beds. The bathrooms are spacious and the showers are fairly large.  The beds themselves have been comfortable where I can either lay and relax as I watch some television or to sleep.  For the purpose of using the room for sleeping and relaxing, it does its purpose.. . Check-In was easy.  With reserving a room, just show a valid  I.D. and the credit card you used to make the reservation.  I had my smart phone already displaying my email conformation receipt just in case something went wrong. ha ha.  If you check--in early ( I am assuming before 3 p.m.) there is a $20 early check-in fee.. . Check-Out was also easy.  I didn't know Excalibur did this until I got home, but on the day of your check out, they send you an email so you can Express Checkout if you want to, which is convenient if you don't want to go down to the front desk.
Stayed with my 16y/o son, June 3-7, 2013.. No problems with the hotel. It was clean, front desk gave us a room with a Strip view just for asking. Never a problem with the time share people, we just said 'no thanks' when we walked past them and some even got to know us since we stayed for 5 days.  The sheets on the bed were very soft.  Bathroom clean.  I wish there was a tv guide or something to show us what was on, besides what channel was what.  We stayed in a Contemporary Room.  2 queen beds, non smoking.  In Tower 2 on the 23rd floor. Room 23209 I think. It was room 9 on the 23rd floor at least. :)  . . Food court has a McDonalds, Cinnabon, Hot Dog on A Stick, Popeyes (who got both my orders wrong...), Krispy Kreme, Tropical Cafe and chinese food I can't think of the name, maybe another but I can't remember.... Prices where about the same as our local ones, maybe 1-2 dollars more. . . I made the reservation through the southwest.com site when I booked my airfare. . . Air conditioner worked great, no smell, all lights and outlets worked great.  We called the concierge once and got a great recommendation for dinner that wasn't very pricey.  Iron and ironing board in the closet. . . The only thing that keeps it from being a 5 star for me is that there is no fridge in the room. Maybe you can rent one, but there is no free one.. . I would stay here again. Unless I won the lottery, in which case I would stay at the Venetian. Duh.  :D
Hmm...I think people are just too spoiled now-a-days...Always wanting the best of the best; Having that "If it's not lavish then it sucks" mentality. I myself, aren't one of those people. I don't need no fancy pancy hotel, I just need somewhere clean to rest my head. Excalibur pulls that off nicely for me!. . You honestly, don't even spend that much time in your hotel room to begin with, so why pay big bucks?! Unless you're celebrating something special, then I understand. . . Let me start by saying, I've stayed here numerous times and I don't really have a complaint about the place! The only thing I would mention is that it could use a little refurbishing, like change up the rooms to look a little more modern and add a fridge in the room, but those would be my only critiques. . . It's a good place to stay if you're on a budget and still get a nice looking room, and a pretty big bathroom might I add. It's VERY convenient because it is right on the strip, and linked to the Luxor, MGM and New York NY. . . They have quite a few entertainment shows like The Tournament Of Kings, Thunder From Down Under, and they also have live bands play nightly, and a couple others as well. . . This is a cool spot to stay without cleaning out your wallet!
It is a good place. I mean, the room is clean and I like their kids' friendly style. Everything is good though.
Great Value for a large clean room! The casino & food court has enough around you never have to leave. Luxor & Mandalay Bay are attached, and they will only improve the experience.
My family stayed here.  It was a nice clean room. cool view. Kid friendly. Easy parking.  I loved the food court and the pool. There was even a waterslide!
You get what you pay for, simple as that. And for the unbeatable price, I thought Excalibur held up pretty well.. . I stayed for a few weeknights on a spring break trip. Our room was clean. No issues with check in/out. Bartenders at the casino were friendly and provided good service. Spent about 2 hours down there and was never approached for service, had to go to the bar. So that was kinda weird.. . And while I do prefer the luxe rooms of the Venetian when it comes to aesthetics, if you're on a budget, Excalibur is great. If it's a little dirty, well, what do you expect for under $50 a night? It's a HOTEL ROOM where countless other people have slept and done God knows what, just like any other hotel room, so just because the floor in a place is vaccummed & its "spotless" doesn't actually mean it isn't crawling with germs. Just. Like. Every. Other. Hotel. ANYWHERE.. . You're in Vegas. Go party and stop being so nitpicky. But thats just my two cents.
After reading the reviews on Yelp I was a little worried about what we might encounter during our Stay at Excalibur. Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised! Check in was quick and the staff was friendly and helpful. I had 2 rooms reserved for our group, and they were able to accommodate us by making sure our rooms were right next door to each other. The rooms were a little worn, but clean. The bathrooms was a good size so us girls were able to get ready at the same time. . . The pool area was nice; we got there at about 10:30 on Saturday morning and were able to get 5 chairs together at the adult only pool. They had a DJ playing and the crowd was really fun. Someone brought a volleyball and a big group of us tossed it around in the pool. I really liked the atmosphere; very open and friendly. They had the Captain Morgan girls there promoting, so by purchasing a cocktail we got free beach towels!. . True, the Excalibur isn't the most luxurious hotel around, but I thought it was a great value and I would stay here again. I don't come to Vegas to sit around in a hotel room, so I would rather sacrifice a little luxury so I have more money to spend doing fun things around town.
You can definitely tell its an older hotel but I love the castle theme. I had a blast there!!
Two bad beats at the poker tournaments, but overall came out winning at Excalibur!!!
I've stayed here a few times, always a good experience. Parking has never been a problem, and it's easy to get in and out, with nice freeway proximity.. . The casino has a good selection of games, and I've always found a decent poker tournament to join. I've never had any trouble finding a machine I like.. . Never a complaint about the rooms - comfortable, and the usual stuff is there. The hotel internet seems to be wired only, however, so I had to use my phone's internet connection - WiFi would be a nice addition.
Let me start by complementing the staff. They were all very helpful and courteous. We were unhappy with our first room and decided to request a room change. The staff was glad to help and assured us that no extra charges will  be added. . . The Hotel itself is not that bad. I agree that it may need some renovations because a lot of the furniture and overall design seems very dated. It would be great if they make them more modern and maybe add a night club inside that can attract the younger crowd. . . The room that we got was pretty neat. Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very clean. I love how you can  just check out via their autmated e-mail (link to a website). They also have machines by each tower that allows you to check out faster. . . My only beef was the $15 "resort fee". Actually, It was not too bad compared to other Hotels whowill charge you an additional $20 a night. I did not like how the Internet was wired. I'm sure it wouldn't be too costly if they were to upgrade their systems to wireless. A little tip, if you want free wifi access, go upstairs to the food court and hang out in Starbucks. . . Another tip. Be careful of some people who look like they work for the Hotel. A lof of them are acutally vendors who will try to sell you things. What can you do. I'ts Vegas after all.
This hotel/casino is underrated. Tower 2 was clean and had a modern decor. The beds were really comfortable! They're in desperate need of a parking garage, but that's the only thing I am complain about. Had a fun time at the pool and food was fairly priced!
clean room which I am very picky about, so I was very pleased. good price for the strip. bed was so comfy. pool was nice, with lots of lifeguards which is great if you have kids, no worries there. overall good experience. not a fancy las vegas hotel which is why its cheaper. I would definitely come back.
I have been staying at the Excalibur Hotel for the last 3 years. I was there this past weekend. I have never had a bad experience here. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The staff is friendly. I have always paid a reasonable price for staying here.
Not everyone can be a King or Queen, but at least at Excalibur guests can stay inside an enormous castle-- for cheap!. . At over 20 years of age (opened in June of 1990), this hotel is now one of the older ones on The Strip.  The decor and furnishings in my guest room were kind of dated, but the room was clean and comfortable enough-- and had a view of New York New York and it's rollercoaster across the street.  Check in and check out were a breeze, and a $20 credit for food and/or drinks at several hotel bars (plus a whole bunch of other coupons) was included.  The room rate for the night I was there was only about $30, but even after the $20 Las Vegas 'resort fee' was added I felt it was still a good deal.. . This property is IMMENSE; I found myself getting lost here repeatedly.  Of course, I'm sure that's intentional since nearly every path leads back through the casino floor or past shops and restaurants en route to another casino floor.  Once inside, it's a bit of a challenge to escape to the outside world again!. . I was a little disappointed to find that Excalibur's "Fun Dungeon" is NOT, in fact, an S&M-themed brothel, but rather an arcade and midway.  Oh well...
The key here is you get what you pay for. It isn't the nicest hotel on the strip nor is it the worst hotel on the strip. The rates are reasonable and you do get a comfy room, clean bathroom, and working HVAC, you just need to be patient with it. . . The checkin/checkout process was a breeze, and late checkout (extend it from 11AM to 3PM for $25 wasn't bad either). . . The only downside is that you do have to walk through the casino to get to the elevators and all those people who try to sell you show tickets. My advice, pretend not to speak English and keep walking past them. It worked for me. . . However the location wasn't bad, there was a tramway that took you to Luxor or Mandalay Bay for free, or you can take the many sky bridges to get around to other hotels. I'd stay here again if I were to return, honestly, most of the day/night you spend outside anyway so I'm not sure why some people make such a big deal about little things.
I have not stayed here but if you are looking for a casino with reasonable table rates, friendly dealers/staff and an efficient bar/serving staff then you should try this casino. It's a place to have a good time without feeling like you are spending too much money. I met a nice couple from Alberta, Canada who stays at this hotel every year. They felt it was a good value and having the walkways to Luxor & Mandalay Bay are a plus.. . Also, they have an excellent bloody mary served right to your poker table.
This FIRST review will be based on my initial visit to my room. I will post a second review after my trip is over. . . Parking very easy! Registration was super fast! Here is my complaint. When I walked into my room I saw an open beer bottle. Keep in mind we just walked in for the first time. I walked down the hall to the housekeeper area and told them I had a beer bottle in my room. The last there said and I quote "no you don't". Serious?!? I don't even drink beer. I looked at her and said "do you wanna come to my room and look?" I was so mad at this point. Who are you to call me a liar? She said I just cleaned that room and there is no bottle. I walked her to my room and pointed at the bottle. She apologized and I told her do not call me a liar again. . . I called the front desk to complain. Lindsey helped me and offered two free buffet tickets. I also had the assistant housekeeper manager call me and apologize.. . I am hoping the rest of my trip will be better than my start. Stay tunes for my post trip review.. . . POST TRIP EXPERIENCE. . After everything I will come back and stay at Excalibur again. I did enjoy my stay here overall. I used to stay at Excalibur all the time but then decided to switch to North Vegas. This experience might bring me back this direction. Thank you for a memorable experience!
This place has never disappointed us. It may b an older hotel now, but it's always quiet and clean and the staff is phenomenal. This is our go to place because rates are decent and it's easy to get in and out of here and the adult pool section is awesome. We had a bad experience at nyny and Excalibur exceeded our expectations.
Great time!  Check in was super easy, fast and Jimmy was friendly as could be! Belhop was nice and helpful and when we had an issue in the room with the shower door, service man was at the room and had it fixed within 5 mins.  I WON on the penny slots, the room was clean and I would def stay there again!
Stayed here on November 2013, I had a good stay. I had never been to Las Vegas and I was there with a friend. Our flight was delayed due to the heavy rain Las Vegas was experiencing at the time and international flights were getting priority. We called ahead and they held our room for us. Once we got there, check in was pretty easy. They gave us a coupon book which had all kinds of deals. Our room was nice and clean (I was expecting something horrible because of all the reviews I read here). I was scared because of all the reviews I read that said that people can easily get into the room. Nothing like that happened. The door had instructions on how to properly close the door. The next day we bought tickets at the box office. They had a deal where you can see three attractions for $56. One of the attractions we picked was closed due to the rain (which lasted all weekend) and the box office staff let us exchange that attraction for something else. After seeing the rest of the strip, I can see that this hotel is outdated but its still decent. I would stay here again. Don't be influenced too much by all the negative reviews.
