I've been going to Tao for a long time.  It's a great place to experience Vegas dining, it is comfortable, trendy and fun.  The food is surpringly good for trendy Asian fusion restaurant.  They are usually very busy, it's hard to get a table sometimes.  The bar dining is not bad at all @Tao, there are sofa seats in the bar area that are actually more comfortable than tables in the dining room.  If you are looking for trendy/fun place to eat and drink in Vegas, you won't be disappointed @Tao.
Of course this place is very fancy and very expensive but the food is amazing with a capital A. The lobster wantons were especially good as was the rice pudding with ginger icecream desert. I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is great. The waiter tried to upsell us on everything so we ended up paying for a bottle of Voss water but oh well. I knew it going in but this place is Dark and Loud! So if you're looking for a quiet meal this place is not for you.
I went to Tao for early dinner in September and loved it.  I have always wanted to see the big Buddha.  We made reservations and went early, so it wasn't crowded at all and we got great seats.  Loved the atmosphere and the decor.. . Our waiter was professional and fast.  All the dishes we ordered were extremely good.  It is Asian fusion food, but as a Japanese person, was pretty impressed.  Would go back here when I have the chance!. . It is on the pricey side though, hence the 4 stars :)
Where to begin... birthday dinner treat from the best friend. And what a treat it really was! Started off with a mix of shrimp and vegetable tempura, moved on to chicken pad Thai and this delicious prawn shrimps encrusted with coconut breading. Sipped on their specialty martini. Sweet and yummy! And their delicious hot green peach tea! For dessert the giant fortune cookie was beautiful... a giant fortune cookie dipped with white and milk chocolate with fresh fruits (berries, lychee, banana, etc). Once u run out of chocolate and fruits, the cookie alone is kinda blahh. But I loved it, I mean atmosphere and service alone won me over.
4.5 stars!. We're from the East coast and have been searching all over Vegas for East coast style peking duck (with pancakes), so we checked out Tao.. . We had to wait 1/2 hr past our reservation time.... . Lobster Wontons  - very good. Sea Bass - awesome! melts in your mouth. Peking Duck - good, but not worth $70 (hoisen had to much vinegar and the quantity of meat was small). Fortune Cookie dessert - good, very unique. . The highlight is the sea bass and I would order that again.
It was a crowded night when we went for dinner around 8ish. We got seated at the sushi bar and our waiter was with us right away. . . Food: arrived on a timely manner.. Sashimi special that was expensive- salty 9 piece with 3 different kinds of fish. The fishes had way too much salt on them! It did seem like a very good quality though.. Some sort of crab roll?- good. Wasabi crusted filet mignon with tempura onion rings- nice and tender with lotsa flavor.. . Price is kind of expensive, but good quality food. We also ordered 1 drink each. After all it is vegas. Save up a lot of money so you can splurge!
Was at private table for 13.  Food was good not amazing but good.  Salmon was very good.  Deserts average.  Very loud very busy. Not a place for a quiet romantic meal.  But worth a trip if you like the Asian fusion thing
my friends and i were doing it big in Vegas for a friends' 40th birthday and chose here for the celebratory dinner.  we had a 10pm reservation but had to wait AN HOUR to be seated as it was *a busy Friday night*.  come on it's always a busy night in Vegas!  once seated we were greeted with such a sweetheart of a server all was well again.  Taojitos and Taotinis flowed while waiting for our entrees.. . the orange chicken was good, nothing over the top.  the coconut prawns  were huge and well worth the wait.  chicken with veggies and jasmine rice weren't anything to brag about either.  $50+ per girl was expected in the Venetian, but in the real world nothing was spectacular about the meal.  they did bring out a giant fortune cookie filled with pastry cream and topped with fresh fruit and chocolate drizzle for the bday girl, a definite added plus to make good on the hour wait.. . as a bonus you get in free to the club for dining first, but make sure to get the *line pass* stamp before leaving your table!!!
Tao has delicious melt-in-your-mouth sushi at nightclub prices.   Extra swanky decor and sexy ambiance round out the experience. Highlight: all nigiri I devoured
This place was pretty good! I was expecting the service to be horrible and was pleasantly surprised. They even made me a birthday dessert for my 14th birthday! yay!
I've been to Tao many times, but never actually sat down for dinner until I went to Vegas last weekend. I got to say, I was very impressed. I went on a Sunday (holiday weekend) and the wait was about 30 minutes. We had a drink in the lounge area so it wasn't bad. The music and ambiance were perfect. Once we were seated, we had nothing but GREAT service. Our server was extremely friendly and knowledgeable and our food came out super fast. We ordered the lobster wontons, the trio of sashimi with wasabi salsa (I'm not a big fan of wasabi, but this was sooo good!), sea bass with asparagus, and the chef's roll. Everything we ordered was delicious, however the chef's roll was okay.. . Again, the servers there were great. It was a team effort. If another server saw that we had a question or had finished our plates, he/she would come right away. Anyway, if you're looking for a restaurant that has great food plus a fun and fresh atmosphere, Tao is perfect. . . P.S - I took off one star because this place is a little pricey and the portions are a bit small too.
I'm a very big fan of the food and I like the nightclub as well. I'm a fan of the different rooms and the DJ's have all been pretty great. My only complaint is that it can get crowded.. .  When I think of nightclubs that I want to go back to whenever i'm in Vegas, this is usually the first that pops into my mind.
Like: . -Reservation process was easy and when we wanted to change time, they were really flexible (but it was a Tuesday night). -Our waiter was nice and professional. He suggested a lobster wonton appetizer that we really liked. . -I like people watching so the atmosphere was great for me.. -The bathtubs lining along the entrance are pretty cool. I'd totally have my dinner in there if they let me.. . Didn't like so much:. -Umm....there's a bathroom lady/attendant. I always think it's unnecessary to have someone handing me a towel after washing my hands. I didn't bring my purse in there so I had no money to put in the tip jar, which made the whole thing quite uncomfortable.. -The decor was a little too "fusion", like they try to do everything Asian but don't do anything that well. I expected a bit more from such a fancy place. . . We enjoyed our time here but probably won't come back because it wasn't impressive enough, and strong impression is what people expect in Vegas.
Friend took me here for dinner on sunday night... . Started with sake tasting.. delicious, it was on the sweeter side. Our waiter was great and very upbeat.. . Had a few different rolls and different sashimi, the uni was delicious. The sea bass appetizer was pretty good also. First time here for dinner, next time def coming back for the other asian dishes.
Was surprised this was rated only 3.5 stars on Yelp.  Had a great dinner last night.  Ambience and service were great, and food was very good!  Fun specialty cocktail menu and diverse wine list.  Best Asian bistro I've ever been to, and highly recommended.
Tried this place for my friend's birthday. Everything in vegas is super expensive and this is no exception but the food is really good. I got the steamed chicken dumplings as a starter and they were super yummy. My entree was the seared rare ahi tuna which was tasty as well. It had some steamed greens on the side which were really good. This place is classic vegas - really loud clubby music, lots of people dressed to the nines. I never understood the concept of loud music in restaurants, not condusive for normal conversation or hearing your waiter. Overall I would definitely eat here again...minus some girls in my party that didn't pay their entire part of the tab! I hate people that do that!
7:30pm reservation.  Arrived on-time and seated promptly.  The place was already packed and there was a good vibe.  Not too loud, not too quiet.  Our waitress was very friendly, responsive, and timely.. . Drinks- Tao-tini..  They were good.  Smooth and wound up putting back quite a few through the dinner.  Didn't really feel the effects so I'm thinking the "smoothness" was perhaps just a lack of alcohol.. . There was a chef's tasting menu being offered this night for an unbelievable $55.  Super cheap.  Both the gf and I went with this option.  First course- spicy tuna tartare over crispy rice.  Yum.  She went with the thai stuffed shrimp.  Again yum.. . Second course-  Fried vegetable rice.. eh ok.  She went with the roasted peppers.  Neither of us enjoyed as they were extremely bitter and wound up each only taking two bites.. . Third course-  Wasabi crusted filet with tempura onion rings.  Two others at the table also ordered this and theirs was cooked perfect medium.  Unfortunately I ordered the same temperature and was brought a completely rare piece of meat.  After taking the piece back to the kitchen, it returned 5 minutes later completely charred on the outside yet still very much rare on the inside.  I'm not one to send a piece of steak back twice, so I just left it alone.  I finished the 1/2 of my gf's perfectly cooked filet.. . Fourth course-  Chocolate spring rolls and a citrus dipping sauce.  Very good and very rich.  Juniper apple blossom with vanilla ice cream.  Nothing special, but good none the less.. . If we didn't get such a great deal with the tasting menu, I know my review would be completely different based on my filet mignon not being cooked to order two times, and eventually just giving up on that course.  With that aside, I did enjoy myself and the majority of the meal was very good.... btw... if you order a coffee with Bailey's, it is brought out in a mug large enough to wash your hands.
I love fusion food so this restaurant was perfect for my taste buds. Ambiance was modern, romantic, and dim. Food was great. I ordered the lobster with potatoes(about $40) and my husband got the preset meal for $50. With his meal he got the spicy tuna sushi(pretty good, rice was lightly burnt at the bottom), egg plant dish(sweet and juicy), and fillet Mignon(decent) and it also came with variety scoops of ice cream(flavors:  green tea, passion fruit, and ginger) for dessert. The ice cream flavors were delicious and unique.   My lobster dish was great.  Full of Asians flavors, just how I like it. Our waitress was attentive and polite. Overall, I would definitely come back during my next visit to Vegas.
Delicious!!!. . First time at TAO and it was great! It was a 20min wait w/o reservation, which wasn't that bad if you are starving. Anyway, had a drink at the bar and chilled until we were called..... . For App--thai crab cakes w/ mango chili sauce--AMAZING!. Entree--Kun Pao Chicken w/ white rice....tasty!  . . I really enjoyed the food and the service was great! One of the waiters stamped our hand for the LAVO niteclub...a pity we never made it there lol.. . Next time I'm in town, I will be stopping by...yep yep!
Excellent pre-show prix fixe menu, wasabi encrusted filet mignon was worth the whole $38 price just by itself, and there are three more courses. Chocolate spring rolls for dessert -- amazing flavors.  This is both a club and a restaurant, so be prepared to dine to a DJ in a somewhat frenetic environment.  Tao has beautiful prize-winning decor, from the row of tubs filled with rose petals in the vestibule (where I understand scantily-clad women welcome in the later hours) to the wall of antique opium pipes and massive Buddha serenely presiding over all.  There was a line waiting when we exited, no surprise.
I was there on St. Patricks Day. Ambiance is really cool with a giant buddha. Dinner was really good, they had kimchee fried rice, which was absolutely delicious and had a giant fortune cookie for dessert. and my fortune said "do it in public". hillarious. but the club part was really crowded, couldn't barely move. gzillion guys to girls.. Definitely too crowded.
I could say nothing wrong about this place. Cool and zen atmosphere and great food.
The exceptional service we had from our server, was one of the two reasons why my experience here was unforgettable.  The second was how great the food was.  From when we sat down to the very end of our meal, our server made sure our food was promptly served, and our drinks never ran out.  Service just isn't the same as before, but he definitely gave us a preview of how it used to be.. . The food was spectacular from the sushi, to fried rice, pot stickers and special sauce, the salad, and I forgot the other food we had.  . . 1.)  I was impressed with the sushi and could have had more if my tummy could hold it.  . 2.)  The salad is not something I've had before and that's what stuck to my mind after everything.  The dressing had a sweet and sour taste to it.  The sweet ginger gave it the zing it had.  . 3.)  Fried rice was good and had the right amount of sodium to it.  Most fried rice I've had have been very oily and can feel the oil reach my skin to create acne.  This wasn't like that.  . 4.)  Anyone can make pot stickers.. 5.)  I forgot the other food we ordered.. . I was happy and my tummy was too!
We had dinner reservations at 10:15pm on Saturday (April 9th) and due to the craziness of it all, our group of ten ladies ended up at two different tables (5/5).  (Our other option was to wait until 11pm to be seated at one table; no thanks!)  Btw, dinner reservations gets you complimentary entry to Tao Nightclub, which is right above the restaurant.  A promoter gave me and my girls bracelets for free drinks upstairs from 10pm-11pm and we managed to get one drink before being seated for dinner.. . The food was good as usual (see pics):. * Chicken satay with peanut sauce ($10). * Soy ginger-glazed salmon with udon noodles ($26). * Unagi (one for $5). * Uni (one for $8). . May seem like a lot of food, but bear in mind that the portions are very small.  You're paying more for the ambiance, I would say. I also tried their Tao-tini ($13), which was good and strong.  ;-). . Although the initial plan wasto dance the night away at Tao Nightclub, our "new friends" from Tryst invited us to Marquee Nightclub at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  We took them up on the offer since it's the new "IT" club, and we didn't have to wait in line or pay cover.  However, in hindsight, even though we had a good time at Marquee, I wish we had stayed at Tao.
If you are looking for a memorable meal, this is a great place to go while in vegas. From start to Finish this was one of the most memorable dinners I have had in my life. The Atmosphere, music, staff and Food make this a great place to dine.. . I went for my birthday with my girlfriend, so we had reservations, so we didn't wait to be seated. The wait staff was very very attentive and truly catered to anything we needed.. . The food didn't dissapoint as I had read a lot about TAO before going. We chose from a very extensive wine list, decided on our appetizers and meal and were pleased with every part of the meal.. . The part of the dinner that was the most memorable was when they brought out a HUGE fortune cookie for my Birthday (I didn't realize my GF had planned for them to do that) By this point I was very stuffed, but it was such a great Idea for a Birthday dessert. I didn't feel rushed at all and was able to truly enjoy my meal.. . Thank you TAO for making my Birthday that much Better.
Great food. Really love Wasabi crusted Filet Mignon w/Onion rings, thought this time onion rings were little under cooked and Kobe beef sashimi tasted a little bland, but Filet Mignon fixed all that. SO GOOOOOD!!!!
I was in Las Vegas helping a friend with an art show and stayed at the Venetian where I experienced the yumminess that is Tao.  . . I was dining alone which some people can't muster but I keep great company with myself and tend to talk to strangers LOL!  . . I made the earliest reservations possible but still had to wait 15 mins which was totally okay because while I was waiting I won $400 on some weird monkey slot machine nearby.  I told the Hostess what happened and handed her $20 as a celebratory tip which of course she reciprocated by seating me at a really nice table.. . Besides referencing my fellow Yelper's feedback, I sometimes like to preview menus online before dining out so I have a couple of choices instead of randomly ordering.  Here are the choices I divulged in and all were REALLY delicious:. . Lacquered Roast Pork   $12. Toro Fatty Tuna                $15 per piece. Squab Lettuce Wraps     $15. Tempura Sweet Potato     $4. . (Blurb from website). Specializing in Hong Kong Chinese, Japanese and Thai cuisines, Chef Ralph Scamardella's creations include everything from Kobe beef to traditional Peking Duck, all prepared by master chefs from across Asia.. . At 42,000 square feet, TAO's entertainment complex is among the largest in the world and features Las Vegas' hippest nightclub, coolest ultra-lounge, largest banquet facility and of course, the hottest restaurant in town. This "Asian City's" decor includes lush velvets and silks, waterfalls and century old woods and stones, and a hand-carved 20-foot-tall Buddha floating peacefully above an infinity pool complete with Japanese Koi.
My husband surprised me and got reservations here for my birthday.  The only thing was the reservation was a tad early at 5:30p.  Great dining experience and great cocktails.  I got the wasabi encrusted filet mignon and it was delicious!
I enjoyed this place. They accept reservations. Comfortable bar/lounge if you need to wait for a table. Friendly and very efficient service - not easy for a restaruant of this size. Excellent food, good wine list. Only downside is it can get loud but hey, it's Vegas. I'd return.
Great ambiance and nice food. Being vegetarian, we were offered good options for entree and were served promptly.
Fresh ginger and sesame seed doused edamame, chicken satay, lettuce wraps, steamed veggie dumplings, and sake salmon strips... oh heavens it was delicious and the service our group received was awesome. From the gorgeous blonde bartender to the group of waiters we had on the middle floor - they were all super friendly and fun. . . The restaurant was a great experience. If I were a little cooler, maybe I'd have gone out to the night club... but that whole deal isn't really my scene (beyond the wild hair I get now and then to get my groove on) and I'm pretty sure I had too many clothes on, anyway.... I just enjoyed the vibe of the restaurant and the friends I was with. That was enough :-) I'd definitely go back!
We decided to go to dinner here after seeing a show.  It was very crowded since it is probably the #1 nightclub in Vegas and the line to get into the club was wrapped around the atrium.  We showed up for our 10:15p reservation and was told they were running a little late so 10:15 turned into about 1045p or later.  We decided to sit at the bar and order some sushi and a drink.  Both the sushi and the mango martini were very good.  We then sat at a table and ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai and Kung Pao Chicken.  Both dishes were really good and the portions were very generous.  Service was good as well.  While you are waiting for your table it is very entertaining and I would definitely recommend trying this restaurant if you are in the mood for asian food.
Came here for a bachelorette party and was totally pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. With Vegas, it's usually hit or miss with the trendy spots, and I was prepared for a miss. . . We had a pre-selected menu that consisted of a variety of foods -- all were delicious. Bamboo Steamed Chicken Gyoza, Thai Crab Cakes, Tofu Lettuce Wraps were all delicious! (The crab cakes were my favorite). . . Then...the dessert. My GOD the dessert. So delicious. We received the Chef's Symphony of Sweets which included (I don't know the real names...) a giant fortune cookie filled with chocolate and vanilla whipped cream, apple pie empanada-esque with vanilla ice cream, banana/chocolate eggrolls, mochi ice cream.. . YUM! I would definitely go back. There were also 12 of us and we each paid $70 (including tip and cocktails) so it was also a pretty decent deal!
I have to say this place was great. The service was top notch and the food was incredible. I would have loved to given this place 5 starts But, as soon as we folded our menus and gave them to the waiter someone else seemed to have come with our food. It brought the question of 'heat lamp' to mind. The food was amazing so I can't say anything about that. It is a lot of money, which is ok, because that fact isn't hidden up front, but being rushed for a quick turn around isn't good either. I would highly recommend Tao to anyone visiting Vegas, make it clear you intend to stay awhile and really enjoy the great job they did decorating and take in the ambiance. I give the food and service 5 stars!!
The big Buddha in the restaurant was watching as we devoured sushi, sashimi and a few rolls between 3 very hungry people. This was excellent sushi and we were able to walk in with a reservation made 5 minutes in advance---at the concierge desk. The atmosphere is wonderful and service was excellent. I look forward to trying again.
$$$$$$$
.
Went to Tao for dinner with my wife on Thurs nite, waited at the lobby area where they have some comfy couches. Ordered the Taotini which was excellent n the waitresses serving drinks are hotties!! Had the Chilean Sea Bass for main course which was superb! My wife is veg & ordered a few things off the menu but none of the veg items were good unfortunately. Go with the Chocolate Zen Parfait for dessert....it so rich n delicious! The waiter offered to get us in for free at the Tao nightclub n we didn't even have to wait in line. Totally worth it!
Mmmmm the Chilean sea bass...yummy buttery in my tummy! I love the ambiance, the flavors, and the service.  The Chilean sea bass and the giant fortune cookies were the best items I had, others such as the soft shell crab sushi, duck fried rice, etc were just ok. But I definitely make an effort to dine here when I have a chance while in Vegas just for those two items.
My bf and I had dinner here one of the nights of our Vegas stay. We were seated immediately. The decor was beautiful. I love the large buddha statue in the restaurant. The music was super loud. I suppose I was okay with that since I knew it turned into a nightclub afterwards. The actual nightclub is just located upstairs. The service was okay. I didn't mind since my beverage cup was never empty and my food came out in a timely manner. . We had ordered Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and ponzu sauce, crispy spicy tuna roll, toro toro roll, an assortment of tempura, miso glazed chilean seabass, sand pot lobster/shrimp/scallops with black bean sauce, asian green stir fry and XO Chinese long beans. Everything we ordered was pretty much delicious. I certainly will be back to try other things on the menu. . I loved how after dinner, we were allowed to walk upstairs to the club without waiting in line or paying an entrance fee. We were stamped and set for the night. :)
Decided to go here on a Tuesday evening on a whim. We were seated immediately, even without a reservation. Ambiance is stellar -- dark, sensual and beautiful. . . Service was good, and the waiter assistant overheard me say something about having difficulty reading the menu in the dark and offered me a flashlight. Okay, that's service!. . Our party of three had the peppers with yuzu appetizer (good, but I prefer a Spanish take on the peppers), Chilean sea bass satay (just as delicious as advertised), hot and sour soup (good), pork spring roll (excellent, with excellent sauce), five spice shortribs (pretty good), Thai chicken (delightful) and some sushi (quite good). . . Overall, it was a great and fun dining experience -- just the kind I want to have while traveling!
Cool, trendy, delicious.. . Quick tips:. . 1.  Stick to small plates and starters.  Most creative.. . 2.  Skip the nigiri sushi.  Expensive and not spectacular.. . 3.  Lots of spicy, hot flavors from chili and wasabi.  This is drinking food.. . If you must have sushi, top props to the spicy lobster roll with black tobiko, king crab California roll (made with real king crab), and the crispy soft shell crab roll served with a yuzu mayonnaise.  All are familiar just made with top quality ingredients and a good flavor twist that makes you long for a second bite.. . Small plate standouts include an unexpectedly good grilled Chilean sea bass served with a satay sauce. Never thought what is essentially peanut butter would go so well with fish.  The Thai crab cakes with mango chili sauce while not purely crab meat just pairs so well with the sauce.  Well balanced.  The spicy tuna tartar on crispy rice crackers, a great twist on the classic.  Outstanding.  Bold flavor, cool tuna, crispy rice cracker.  So much contrast make for a delicious bite of food.  Finally the  kobe beef sashimi with fresh wasabi; yum.. . Do not pass on the Peking duck spring roll with hoisin sauce or the lobster and shrimp spring roll with spicy pineapple sauce.  Big bold flavors.  Textual contrast at its best.. . Finally, if you never had avocado tempura try it.  The warm avocado has the creamy texture of uni.  Very different.  Very good.. . Note:  Dining at Tao should be social so bring a group of friends.  The food is meant to be shared.  . . Special note:  For the guys, dining at Tao does not give you any special VIP privileges to enter the Tao nightclub later in the evening.  Ladies, work the magic.. . . Recommended.
I came here for a friend's birthday expecting the worst, but was actually pleasantly surprised.. . I didn't even know Tao had a restaurant until the night I ate here. The restaurant is huge and surprisingly busy for dinner. The service was impeccable, with knowledgable and attentive servers. The food is expensive, but you're in the wrong city if that is a deal breaker. I definitely recommend the Chilean sea bass, order it and everyone at the table will be stealing bites. . . If you come here for dinner be sure to get your hand stamped so that you can get into Tao nightclub for free.
Beautiful place, uber trendy, great drinks and amazing food located inside the Venetian hotel. We were here with a group of 13 for a birthday party. The service was great, although we had reservations we still had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated. I think everyone loved their food. It is a bit pricey but its such a great spot. I got a couple of tempura dishes (sweet potatoe and avocado) and some type of chicken dish. My husband tried sushi and something else and we are both a fan. It turns into a club upstairs at night and it's free to get in as long as you get your hand stamped. However, you still have to go back outside and wait in line again to go into the club. The club was too crowded, loud, and had a much younger crowd that what I would have liked so we didn't enjoy the club portion but the restaurant is a must do!
I went to Tao for the 2nd time tonight for dinner.  The last time I went I had some sort of a Groupon or something, and tonight my friend had a gift card she was given as a gift.  I think that's the only way I would dine here.  I think the food is overpriced, and if you're going to spend this much on a meal, there's other places in town I'd rather go.  Maybe it's just me.. . We started with two appetizers... the spicy tune tartare on crispy rice and the lobster wontons with shiitake ginger broth.  We had the tartare last time and really enjoyed it.  We enjoyed it again this time, but it wasn't as magical as it was last time.  The lobster wontons... well, they tasted like the best wontons I've ever eaten, but I could barely taste the lobster.  The flavor was drowned out from the broth, I thought.. . For a main course, we split the most expensive omakase sushi menu, which was like $58.  Very underwhelming how little food we got: one roll, 7 pieces of nigiri, and 6 slices of sashimi.  Granted, one of the nigiri was toro, and the roll was a lobster roll of some sort, but for $58, I'd expect a little more.  Throw some salmon nigiri in there!. . We also split the coconut crusted shrimp with peanut sauce, which was really delicious, though the breading on the shrimp was too thick.  That was made up for in quantity of shrimp, as I think there were like 8 or so large shrimp.  It also came with a side of rice, and some sort of salad in the middle of the plate.. . Lastly, we tried the avocado tempura since we both love avocado.  Very tasty.. . We stuck with water, and when our bill came, it was $140 after tax.  We did have a lot of food, but that seems like way too much to pay for a meal at a place like Tao.  The service was top notch, and the ambiance is typical loud music, dark vibe that you'd expect in Vegas.  So 4 stars for me.
My first trip to Vegas started out GREAT.  We were staying in the Palazzo so we decided on dinner and some drinks at TAO.  We started with the tuna tartare with crispy rice.  It was definitely delicious.  My friend said it was the best she's ever had.  I don't know if I'd go that far, but I'd order it again.  For my main dish, I had the Miso Chilean sea bass which was a really great choice.  It was moist and flavorful and cooked to perfection.  My friends had some sushi and the Chicken pad Thai and they were all very happy.  Our server was friendly and quick, the decor was hip, and the food was great.
Dropped by for dinner before heading upstairs to the club portion of the establishment.. . We ordered waaaaayyy too much food, which was fine by me since it was my last night in Vegas on this trip.  Might as well go out with a bang right? . . Anyways, some highlights of the meal included the following:. . -Spicy tuna on crispy rice. -Lobster wontons. -Sea bass skewers. -Toro sashimi. -Salmon sashimi. -Mini donuts for desert. . The thing that amazed me about this place is that the food is worth eating.  The dining room is a scene AND it is enormous.  It is quite a feat that the kitchen is able to keep up with the dining room considering how large it is.  And given the people watching here, some restaurants might try to get away with the fact that their dining room is filled with a large number of scantily clad women.  Tao avoids that trap and serves up some pretty tasty Asian dishes and has the service to see that it gets served right.
4 and 1/2 stars.  Based on one visit, two people.. . Sort of spur of the moment meal.. . Atmosphere and decor:  fantastic; rose petals floating in tubs in the entryway lend pleasing and tranquil aroma to being this dining experience.. Service: well above average; professional.. Menu: not overbearing with choices - they have narrowed the menu to a strong selection covering many bases.. Food:  Tasty, wonderful, positive, unique, balanced seasonings.. . Highly recommended for relaxing resort-type dining experience.
i love the food but so pricey, long wait (even with reservation).  my fave dish is the small plate (sea bass).  small portions, so you can leave hungry unless you spend a fortune.. . loud on weekends (dj and lots of people).  can get crowded/tight space.
Came here after being in Vegas for a week to be around a fun crowd and enjoy a tasty dinner.  Went with the crab asparagus roll which was prepared very well and tasted fresh.  Sided with some edamame, I can say I left with a full stomach and didn't break the bank.. . As for the drinks, the bartenders poured all vodka with a splash of water which was fine with me.  If you're going to be paying Vegas prices, you mine as well be getting your money's worth.. . Definitely coming back not just for the scene but for the food as well.
This Asian Restarant in the Venetian hotel is awsome.. I strongly recommend the sea bass skewers , very tasty.  The sushi, sashimi are very fresh and done with creativity and are flavorful.  The staff is very attentive and helpful, nice selection of deserts and sake.  I have not gone to the nightclub after hours but by the looks of the pictures on yelp looks like fun.  Anyway if you are in Vegas and want Asian/sushi this place has great food and lots of fun... Great music playing while dining.
Our vacation in Las Vegas started with a romantic dinner at Tao...we had to race over to not miss our reservation, the restaurant is gorgeous. I loved the dim lighting and the hip music playing, they even honored my request for a booth. Well the booth was actually sofa cushions and throw pillows hehe. Our server was nice but as other yelpers have mentioned the service is fast, so fast I feel like you can't really enjoy your evening. Bussers constantly hoover around like ninjas to clear items right away making me feel rushed but I'm sure its because they have a lot of reservations. Started with the King crab roll , very good and then we had the miso seabass and the duck fried rice. The seabass was so delicious just like butta! Recommend this dish , the duck fried rice my guy seemed to enjoy and for dessert we had the molten chocolate cake Mmmm delightful!
Damn!! They got us on the free admission to the club. When you do the math is NOT worth it. Guys pay 40 and girls free. But our bill for 4 people was three hundred PLUS. Ha! Ok on to what we liked:. . Ambiance: great- kinda loud so good for groups.. Service: this was good too, I guess it will depend on your waiter.. Food: we had the Kang Pao chicken, Shrimp Coconut, wasabi crusted filet mignon and the damn sea bass. (YES they push the Sea Bass to you)!! . . Ok, yes portions are small, but everything is very tasty. So basically you are paying for the chefs making it. We paired it with a bottle of wine. Oh and the water. Careful here, it is 8 dollars for distiller water. Hahaha .. . . After dinner we literally had to step out the restaurant to stand in a special line just to be directed to go back in. That's silly if you ask me. You will get stamped TWICE, that is silly too. At around 10pm when the club opens the crowd is not bad. However, this place gets ridiculous full of women. So men ... enjoy!
We had a little bit of everything, and I don't remember it all, but what I do remember was this was some of the classiest chinese food I've had, lol. Well, classiest asian cuisine I've had for sure-- lots of good food and good service. . . Also free admission to TAO's club afterwards, if you're 21+. . . I didn't have to pay so that may have affected my experience, but overall it was gorgeous and I enjoyed it.
The Cons:. -We had a long wait(over an hour atleast) even though we had late night reservations, but it wasn't so bad. We had some drinks at the bar, talked to the bartender a bit and people watched. . -When we were seated, I have to admit, I was a little disappointed with our table. It was one of those where you are right next to the neighboring table and share a booth with the stranger next to you. Not that big of a deal really.. -My husband had the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon w/ Onion Rings. He was pretty disappointed. I felt bad bc I had talked him into getting this dish due to all the great reviews.. . The Pros:. -My dish alone is the reason I would go back to Tao and the reason I gave it 4 stars... the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass was outstanding! Best fish I've ever eaten. Just the perfect amount of sweetness and it melted in your mouth like butter. . . . Somewhere in the Middle:. -For an app. we had the Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice- good, not great. I was hoping it would taste like a similar dish I had once at Katsuya in Hollywood and it just didn't stack up. . . . Will we be going back? Doubtful. Maybe if I go to Vegas with some girlfriends in the future I'll have a chance to eat some more of that delicious fish, but I will not likely be going back with the husband.
I saw the Chilean sea bass on the best thing i ever ate, and really wanted to try it. We arrived later in the evening and only had to wait maybe 15-20mins. We started with the sea bass as a appy which was amazing! next time i am ordering the entree. We ordered the lobster and crab rolls which while good they were not worth the price. We also ordered the fingerling lobster which was really good. I didnt order any fancy drinks only because i didnt see anything that appealed to me. My husband always gets beer and thing time i talked him into trying something diiferent. He went for the sake flight and was so happy he tried it. The restrooms are really fun to try and figure out which one to go in. While washing my hands in the restroom i could hear my husbands calling me. I checked to see if he was at the bathroom door and i saw him looking at me under the mirror! LOL. There is a huge gap between the mens and womens mirrors so make sure to check this out :). . I will be adding a updated review because i will be visiting again in april.
Great food beautiful surroundings nice staff
Fresh wasabi all day playas
Came here for my bachelorette this past weekend. I love the food and the service was amazing. Shout out to JEFFREY for being such a waiter. He was so friendly, nice, helpful, and excited. Whenever we asked about certain dishes, he'd go "The seabass is RIDICULOUS!" .. and it sure was! He was so attentive to us 15 girls. Jeffrey needs to get paid more :) haha.. . So, I'm Chinese and I typically get disappointed when dining at any non-traditional Chinese restaurants (like PF Changs, eh gross. Too salty). Tao had RIDICULOUSLY tasty food without being too salty. My favorite was the salmon, seabass, garlic noodles, and the filet mignon pepper steak (omg the meat was SO tender and juicy!). For dessert, we ordered the chocolate zen parfait. It had layers and layers of different chocolate flavors. My favorite layer was one with chunks of waffles in it. . . The restaurant was fancy too. Love the decorations!
we were at the venetian for the blue man group (early showing) and weren't sure how long it would go so we made a 10pm reservation and showed up at 9, no problem at all, we waited about 15 mins and they got us a table which was great.. one thing i thought was weird was when walking in there are these weird little baby buddhas embedded into the wall...it really freaked me out.  the flowers in water in the hall upon entering was pretty cool.. our waiter started off fine and then turned more and more quiet and almost unfriendly as the meal continued which really bothered everyone aside me.. the 3 of us split a bottle of sake (we got the cheapest big bottle and thought it was good enough).  we had a vegetarian so we ordered mainly veg - egg rolls, buddha noodles and the show-stopping shishito peppers (which they made veg).  we also got a smoked salmon specialty roll and the xo shrimp.  everything was amazing, i love xo sauce and i did think the sauce was slightly lacking.  afterwards we were all too full for dessert but i do want those donuts at some point (like the ones the serve at buddhakan on the east coast).. the food came lightening quick which was fine by us as we were all so hungry.. i would go back but i will make sure to order some more of the items mentioned in these reviews.
I was visiting Las Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend & came here for dinner on Saturday night to celebrate my birthday. We were a party of 12.  Everything was great.  The service was spot on & even knew random facts about Tao NY vs Tao LV since our table was debating certain things.  Food was spectacular, as always. I stuck to my usual Tao-tini.  Never fails.
Riddle me this:. How do you get eight guys into one of Vegas' more popular and busier nightclubs during one of its busiest weekends without purchasing bottle service or bypassing the massive queue to get in without greasing any of the bouncers?. . Answer:. Under almost all circumstances it's practically impossible.  Dining at Tao Asian Bistro, however, allowed us (eight guys) to get a "line pass" stamp so that after we had finished dinner we would bypass the main line to get into Tao Nightclub and Tao Beach and pay only half the cover charge allowing us access into both. . . With regards to the food, I ordered the diver sea scallops in red curry sauce which was actually quite good.  A little on the pricier side but seeing as how ordering main entrees got us all line passes and a discounted cover into Tao Nightclub, I'd say it was worth it.
This is my second review for this restaurant, and my husband and i are still in love with this restaurant! I would give it 5 stars, but this past time we were a little aggravated with the amount of staff we saw and how empty our drinks stayed, (it's a pet-peeve of mine to have an empty drink and see so many waiters that could take care of you). HOWEVER, the food was UHHMAAZINNGG!! I get sushi, because in my opinion its the best place ive been to in Vegas with great fresh sushi, and my hubby gets the filet, which is served sliced raw with a boiling scallion broth you cook to your own perfection! Everything is fresh and it shows! YU-MMY, we will mos def go back again and again!
Yum!  I had the coconut shrimp and it was delicious.  The dinner prices were not bad, mine was $31.00, and I thought it was well worth it.  Everything is a la carte but they do come with rice.  My plate had a large serving and I did not need anything else to go with it.  My hubby also enjoyed his dinner, he got the Kung Pao Chicken ($28).  The drinks on the other hand were ridiculous...$8 for an iced tea and one bottle of Sapporo was $12! Overall it was very good, and I would definitely go back.
I love the Venetian hotel. I love Vegas. And I love Tao! So not much to complain about. But when comparing to the NYC location, the decor could be better. But it's lovely, the service is great, and the food is always great. I've never had anything I didn't like. The sticky rice & spicy tuna appetizer is great! And if you're getting dessert, the oversized fortune cookie is a must-get! Also, if you go for dinner, you get automatic access to the club...or at least you did when I was there. We were too tired to take them up on this offer but it's a great deal when the club is so hard to get into.
It was my friends birthday so we decided to eat here, the food was very well made, the presentations and time it took to consume it was great, the prices were very steep, and the price did not match the portion. and I guess I can say that it is Vegas, but I just wasn't happy. Service was ok. Nothing too special.. . Come here for a date, it's very nice with the ambiance.. But overall . . I was a bit disappointed.
Before we even arrived in Vegas, my friend let me know that he had made reservations here for Saturday night. I was skeptical. Call be biased or snobby, but I don't like to pay a lot for Asian food when I can get amazing food in Chinatown for half the price. . . But I went along with it anyway. . . We arrived a few minutes before our 7:45pm reservation. My friend (who knows more about the NBA than anyone I've ever met) caught sight of a small sign sitting outside the restaurant. The poster showed a just a pair of eyes and some small text. Of course, my friend recognized right away that these were no ordinary eyes. These were Lebron James's eyes. He read the sign with urgency. Turns out, Lebron was going to make an appearance at Tao Nightclub after eating at Tao Asian Bistro. My friend almost fell over with excitement. "I don't care what it costs, that's where we are going afterwards." I laughed and agreed that we would inquire. . . We walked through the hall of little basins filled with water and rose petals, and the hostess welcomed us immediately. . . She walked us through the restaurant, which is dimly lit and has a huge Buddha on the first floor. The ceiling is decorated with large canvases of calligraphy writing. Stunning displays of portraiture line the back wall and restroom hallway. The hostess seated us on the second floor. The ambiance was just the right combination of bustling, formal/casual, and you know, that Vegas "je ne sais quoi". . . Our waiter appeared promptly. He gave excellent cocktail and entree suggestions, and when asked, informed us that I (as a lady) would get in free to the Lebron party, and my friend would pay about $25. Which I'm sure was deeply discounted. Not only that, but we got stamps on our wrists to bypass the line. . . I ordered the blueberry/pomegranate martini and it was delicious. My friend loved the Orient Express (a coffee-based martini). The tuna tartare was amazing, and I ordered the special (which was a short rib udon). The food blew our expectations away. Sure, it's a VERY expensive meal, but it's Las Vegas. . . I thought they did an excellent job of offering a fusion selection that didn't over-complicate. They stayed true to Asian flavors and I liked that. . . The service was hands down the best we experienced in Las Vegas. The chocolate fortune cookies at the end of the meal gave us fortunes that were hilarious, full of sexual innuendo, and right on point. . . I would definitely recommend Tao. Our meal was pretty much flawless, outside of the $5 bowl of jasmine rice (really? five dollars? it was perfect rice, but come on, I can feed a family for a month with $5 worth of rice). More to come when I write up the review of the Lebron party at the Tao Nightclub.
I really liked the decor of this place. Except for the girls in the tubs, though. That was just a little too strange for my taste.. . For a party of 9, we ordered a bunch of dishes - little bit of everything. The filet was pretty popular, and I really liked the pork as well. Their noodle dishes were pretty tasty too. I really had no complaint about any of the food we had.. . It's a fancy place, so you won't get a huge amount of food per dish, but what you do get is quality stuff. The service was superb as well. Our waiter was very friendly and understood exactly what we needed, and knew what to ask and when.. . On a side note, I found their restrooms a bit confusing. As some of the doors are left open, you cannot therefor see which is labeled men and women. And on top of that, they use 'Yin' and 'Yang' as labels for those instead. The first time I went I had to wait a second to see who was coming out of the bathrooms to tell which was the guys'!. . All in all, can't beat this place for a nice, and fairly healthy, meal. Be prepared to wait for a table though, especially on popular nights for the club next door.
Came here a while ago and had a great time!  Only word of advice is to definitely make dinner reservations.  When we arrived, we were seated promptly.  Seating for us is a bit different with bench seating with a much lower-stance table.  Our server was very helpful and was efficient.  The ambiance was great with low-lit lighting with Buddha statues surround the whole restaurant.  Walking around and even taking notice of how much thought was put into the decor is mind-blowing.  . . I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and was AMAZING! It was tender and flavorful and was would definitely order again when I come back to Vegas.  Drinks are expensive, but what isn't pricey in LV? . . Pros:. - Great service. - Great Ambiance. - Sea Bass!!!. . Cons:. - Price
Great place to have dinner. Making reservations much ahead of time with the correct amount of guests is a must. Because if it gets too busy it may be difficult for them to add more ppl to your party. Food is delicious. Had the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass. Other dishes we ordered Fried Rice topped with Fried Egg, Hong Kong XO Shrimp & Thai Buddha Chicken. All scrumptious, & best of all is getting a stamp after dinner to go clubbing upstairs. But for Labor Day weekend, you still have to pay for admission even after dinner. The club is usually way over packed, especially during labor day weekend. Popular place, hip-hop music, fantastic asian food, great service...I can't wait to go back, back to Tao's Tao's UGH!!!
Absolutely amazing decor and ambiance.  Food is anything but authentic cuisine, but that's not what you'd go there for, is it?  Service was really friendly and prompt, and prices were typical for Vegas.
EXCELLENT!!!!  The food was very good, the atmosphere was great.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the waiter was not very good.  He tried, but I don't think this was the job for him!!
Deem light, very romantic.... Food is great, pricy but its Vegas so who cares. . It's not a lounge type restaurant . I tried couple of their dishes- they were all good.
My husband and I were in Vegas celebrating our recent marriage and we made reservations at Tao for dinner. We were staying at the Venetian, so it seemed appropriate that we went here for dinner, plus we heard you get free access to Lavo (the other club at the Palazzo) if you eat there.. . We had 8:30 reservations and when we got to the place on a Tuesday night, we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. The place did not seem that crowded, especially for a weeknight. Anyways, once we were seated, we told the waiter about the reason for our trip and he said we would be taken care of! After browsing the menu we settled on Filet Mignon Pepper Steak ($35) and Pad Thai Noodles with Chicken ($19) and we each had a specialty cocktail. The Filet Mignon pepper steak might have been the best thing I have ever eaten. It was fabulous. I know it was my husband's favorite meal of the entire trip. I mean, pepper steak from most chinese restaurants is pretty good, but then when you add filet mignon to the dish- it takes it to a whole new level! The pad thai was pretty good too, but the star of the meal was the pepper steak.. . After our meal, our waiter brought us over 2 glasses of champagne and we weer able to choose a dessert for free. We selected the Yuzu Sugar Dusted Donuts with a trio of 3 dipping sauces. OMG these were amazing. They were warm and crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. The dipping sauces made this dessert extra special. . . We had great service here, the decor was very romantic and I would definitely go back to this place next time I am in Vegas!
So I have not had a meal hear, but this place is AWESOME for dancing and drinks!  . . A TIP: Get on the list and get their by 10:30 to avoid a wait and/or a cover for the gentlemen in your party.  Sometimes ladies even get an open bar on certain nights!
Must try the Sea Bass - it is their signature dish and it is amazing!. . Plus when you have dinner you can get access to the nightclub - just ask your server to stamp your hand.
Aside from the overhype that comes from being associated with a Kardashian, Tao does serve decent Asian food that is actually priced pretty well.The atmosphere and decor at the restaurant is really interesting and definitely blends the theme together.  I ordered Buddha's Harmonized Vegetable Feast and had a taste of my friend's Pad Thai as well.  Both dishes were delicious.  The vegetables were cooked just right and so tasty, and the Pad Thai had just enough peanut and spice in it.  I also enjoyed the Tao-Tini off of their specialty cocktails menu. It's a little sweet, so one drink was enough for me.  Be sure to make a reservation because the restaurant is very popular and will fill up very quickly.  If you'd like to go to the night club (which I definitely recommend!) ask your waiter to stamp you. You get free entry to the night club if you eat dinner at the restaurant.
I had the Sea Bass which was absolutely fantastic and one of the other people with us had a steak which was also very good.  The appetizers we order were fresh and tasty as well.. . I think the place is a bit high priced for what you get but you are paying for the atmosphere which is very cool.  If you want to get into the club for free have your hand stamped - that was a lot of fun as well.. . I don't know if this would be a regular spot for me but it was a nice treat.
First night in Vegas and this was the first place we ate.  Honestly, I have no idea what was ordered since I was able to enjoy the sharing plates that were already chosen by someone else at the table.  Don't think of this as an authentic venture into Asian cuisine, but rather a high end of your Americanized favorites.  Everything that came out was very tasty, a particular stand out was the orange chicken which was outrageously good.  The pad thai, tuna sashimi, various skewers of meat, ice cream mochi, were all tasty.  There wasn't a single dish that was ordered that I would have regretted ordering.  The waitstaff was a little kookey (his personality was incredibly bubbly in an odd sort of way) but he was very, very attentive to our table.  At no point did my drink empty, always presented dishes on the right, and people cleared our table quickly once items were finished.  The kitchen was equally able to keep the wait times between courses very minimal.. . Ambiance of the restaurant is pretty nice, kind of reminds me of Sea in Brooklyn.  They also had some pretty intense club music playing during the entire meal, apparently next door is a club so I guess that's kind of expected but it was definitely a club kind of atmosphere while we ate since the music was so loud.
Delicious food, wonderful service. The small plates were awesome. Great dinner choice!
The Tofu lettuce wraps are a very tasty appetizer.   So is the shrimp app.
I have to preface this by saying that when it comes to Vegas - things just cost a lEEtle bit extra; I absolutely love the atmosphere, ambiance and service at Tao but when it comes to price they just don't cut it for me.. . I went to Las Vegas for a Bachelorette Weekend and we decided we needed one "real" meal and that Tao was the place to do it.  They were incredibly accommodating with our reservation, letting us push it back so we could take more time to primp for the evening.  We were seated almost immediately and had lavish drinks in our hands just as quickly.  I ordered some sushi and where you normally get two pieces of yummy fish for one solid price, at Tao you only get one (whomp whomp).  The miso soup was delicious and the cucumber sunomono salad was tangy and sweet, just the way I like it.   I'd definitely go back, but I'd probably try to find a Groupon or discount coupon first.
Great apps and dinner. Pushy waiters though smh.
Good food.  Slow Service.  Cool Vibe.  . . Family style is the way to go here.  8 of us came and shared a bunch of dishes starting with the lobster wontons which were just the perfect starter.  Next came some rolls which were my least favorite dish of the night.  They weren't bad but not memorable.. . Peking duck was the star of the show with its crispy skin and made for delicious wraps.  Phad thai was good but probably as good as any other phad thai you've had.  Sea bass was nice and flavorful.  . . Service is slow but food comes out fast.  Menu is slightly overpriced but for Vegas - it actually seems reasonable!
had dinner. atmosphere is a nightclub on steroids. took my kids to dinner. the music was so loud that we had to scream at each other to carry on a conversation. started the night with oysters, chilian sea bass skewars are a must. so delicate, fluffy and the sauce added a touch of seasoning and the asparagus that came with the dish was sensational. the duck spring rolls were huge and definitely can make a meal out of them. also the lobster was just delightful. the seasoning was perfect balance of salty and spicy. the duck fried rice was also very fluffy and delightful to the taste buds. and the chines greens were excellent source greens with its own unique taste, the dinner was really delicious but be aware of all the bachelor and c]bachelorette parties with really rowdy drunks.
Food is excellent, and should be for the price.
Good food - love the sushi here. The space is cool and big as well.
If you haven't read, most clubs inLas Vegas are extremely hard to get into without paying a host. XS, Marquee are probably the hottest night clubs right now in Vegas but don't count out Tao. Once midnight hits and the patio is open Tao is shoulder to shoulder busy with people all over the place partying.. . We all took advantage of the popularity of Tao nightclub by eating at Tao which provides expedited access to their night club.. . My initial impressions of Tao was a restaurant trying to cash in on the Asian theme. When you walk into Tao and see how it opens up however, you're quickly reminded that a lot of thought had gone into designing the space. Lights are dim to set the mood which plays off the color scheme quite well. A giant Buddha statue sits in the middle of an open hall that spans two floors. Asian art is hung everywhere with bamboo vegetation. At the same time, it wasn't hokey, I really appreciated what they were trying to do here.. . Onto the food itself, our parties ordered a large number of appetizers which were delectable. I suggest the sashimi platter which had bite-sized party-in-your-mouth morsels of deliciousness.. My main meal was a deep sea dive scallops in basil curry. If you had a bowl of rice to this dish, it is such a full complete meal considering. The sauce was rich and the scallops itself were very large.. . I would definitely recommend you explore other sea food dishes as my samplings of them were also quite rich.
Found this place by accident while looking for Japanese food on the strip.  Loved the decor, lighting and overall design.  Food was very good. Tempura Garlic Green Beans and Satay Chicken were very tasty.  Like everything in Vegas, over priced for the portions.  The food hit the spot after a day in Zion NP.
Great food! Great ambience! One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! Make sure to check out the club after dinner!
A coworker and I ate here after our last night working a multi-day event in Vegas.  We were EXHAUSTED and grabbing the redeye a few hours later back to Boston.. . Let's say this first: every restaurant in Vegas over-salts their food, because it's part of the bigger plan to drink your face off.  Knowing this, I can't really complain about how salty the food was (which it was), because that's just sort of the foundation that Vegas sets for you.. . My coworker and I shared steamed dumplings, a sushi roll, and an order of the pad thai chicken.. . ...it was all REALLY delicious.  I was honestly pretty shocked.  I come to Vegas about 4 times a year for work, and I've managed to eat at my fair share of restaurants on the Strip.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.. . We also got an excellent table in the back of the room, but I think that's because a coworker called ahead to her contact at Tao for us, since she'd done a reception there recently.  Not sure if that affected our service, but the waiter was very friendly and chatty.
Great food!! Sea Bass is amazing!!!  Has business dinner for 20 and service was great.  This place runs like a fine tuned machine.  Everything on the menu was tasty!!
Since we were a large co-ed party of  10, it was really essential that we found a place with a hassle free door policy for the many boys in our group. And I'm pleased to announce that the night went off without a hitch! . . I'm not usually a fan of Asian fusion so my expectations were nonexistent but the menu was shockingly good:  The kimchi fried rice was perfectly balanced and the uni was pure creamy heaven. The bill was pretty reasonable considering our drunk asses were ordering like everything was free : $75/pp including tax& tip and that's AFTER covering our 2 guests of honor's split. In addition to good food and cocktails, our late dinner reservations successfully secured complimentary access to the club without a wait in line. It feels so good to stroll past the sour faces lined up outside for immediate entry. Just eat dinner here people, it's that simple!. . The club was as crowded as it used to be when Jessica Simpson still had a career. Ok, maybe it's not that popping but it was still a really good showing. Oh, but whats with all the birthday shoutouts every 3 seconds? We don't care that Jennifer turned 21 and she's probably already passed out with her head in some random guy's lap. DJ: less talking, more music playing!
Let me preface this by saying I made reservations for my hubs bday here before a show in the hotel, and notified the staff we had right at an hour and were in a timeline....as we walked in. I also before the apps and drinks were ordered notified the server of the time constraint and she said we were going to be fine. .  Our drink order was taken and within 15 min or so had the apps and sushi we asked for. It ALL went downhill from there. As we ordered apps we also ordered entrees. I timed and it took 45 to 50 mins to get med rare seared tuna and crispy orange chicken. These item normally shouldn't take that long to cook if there are no large parties. I've worked in food and beverage service ,so I know. Not once during this wait did our server walk by, apologize or offer excuses or even offer complementary items while we waited. I don't EVER expect a comp in a place this fancy...but money or not, they wasted my time.  Finally after the server came back by I grabbed her attention and demanded the manager. .   With five minutes til show there was no way we would be able to scarf down, get the check and make it on time. The birthday dinner, and show were ruined. I ended up telling the mgr how this was a special event and that I had warned the server and hostess of our timeline and even asked if they could serve us in time or if we should come back. He offered a bottle of champagne and dessert. In tears I asked if I could just call him tomorrow if we ever decided to come back. He gave his card and apologized. .   We made it to the show in the nick of time. Later the next day I called the mgr and asked if we could just have our same dinner again, to which he agreed. ***** edit, I paid the $150 tab from the night we ate there that night and still left a tip of 15%***although I DO not feel it was deserved, I will never stiff a server.  Turns out dinner was lovely, relaxed and delish. We did add the mandarin sizzle fried rice above the original order, but got the complementary bday fortune cookie to make up for the prior night. The Entire tab was comped. I tried asking the mgr to let me at least buy the rice so I could tip the new server but he declined and said he hoped in November we'd visit the Tao in NYC since we told him we were going. Great food all in all but if you have a special event or are on a timeline please tell the mgmt staff to avoid a ruined bday.
This place was lively and the service was great. We have 11 and 12 year old boys and they thought the atmosphere was Epic and enjoyed the busyness & Music in the background. We are from a small Colorado Town and don't have anything like this. The food was Great as well. Everything had good flavor and spice. The only boring item was the Pork Potstickers. The Sushi was fresh (don't forget I'm from Colorado) & tasty. The Singapore Noodle could have had more bite but I like it hot. It was very $$$ but I think we would defiantly go back.
Great dinner and service...Chilean sea bass, chicken satay, lobster wontons, 5 spice ribs, and classic pad Thai. Ambiance is dark and sultry.
Always a good combination of food, fund and flare.  Just be sure to get there early (before 6:30 PM unless you have a reservation).  The dishes are always scrumptious, from tuna on rice, to sushi combinations to simple edamame.  And for Sake lovers, the menu is F - I - N - E.  But be prepared to shell out some dollars.. . So have a cocktails (or 2) before heading to this treasure trove of Asian splendor.  Order an appetizer to share (I like the edamame, tuna...well, I really haven't had anything bad), then move into something more substantial.  Consider splitting dinner or even a few appetizers.  (You're in Vegas...save your money for the tables or the streets!)  But when you finally have to eat...skip the buffet's.  I mean, let's face it, you don't know when the last kid sneezed on it, right?  Go to Tao's an experience some zen....ah'uummmmmm.....
**** Review is for Summer Restaurant Week 2013 Menu ****. . A friend joined me here for dinner last night before the Human Nature Show and we both ordered from the Restaurant Week menu.  For the first course, my friend ordered the Satay chicken with peanut sauce.  I got the "crunchy spicy yellowtail roll with spicy mayonnaise." We both enjoyed our dishes.  We didn't try each others dishes because Paula doesn't eat sushi and satay chicken is just satay chicken.  I did try the peanut sauce and it was good.. . For course two, Paula got the roasted Thai Buddha chicken with choy sum, sweet chili, and lime.  I got the filet mignon pepper steak with shitake mushroom, bell pepper, and shishito peppers.  I did have some of the Buddha chicken and it was very tender and the sauce was excellent.  The pepper steak was very good.  The filet was sliced and barely stir fried with the vegetables.  The stand out was the sauce again!  It was rich and very flavorful.. . For dessert, we again took different paths.  Paula got the crispy Fuji apple blossoms with Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream and I got the chocolate spring rolls.  with Kalamansi dipping sauce.  The rolls were good but they weren't stuffed with chocolate as I hoped they would be.  Rather, there was some melted chocolate on a leaf and the rolls were placed on the chocolate.  Regardless, they were good.  The dipping sauce was non-descript.  I really couldn't say it had much of a flavor.  It tasted more like mango than orange.  For Paula's apple blossoms, they were triangle puff pastries with apple filling.  They were good.. . Service was very good.  My iced tea was refilled when it got halfway down.  The table was bussed quickly.  Our server was very pleasant and he was pleased to know there was at least one local having dinner at Tao.. . The room is quite nice.  Dark and woody with a large Buddha in the center along one wall.  We got our cameras/phones out so we could get a photo of it.  It would be a good place to take a date if you wanted to impress.. . I can only can fit in two places for this Restaurant Week, and I'm glad Tao was one of them!
The sea bass was amazing!
Delicious food, outstanding service. The duck rolls are a must try. Many good sushi rolls as well.
Yes, I came back - and yes the kimchi fried rice was as good as I remembered. Everyone enjoyed their food. The missing star is for the loud r&b music and the busboy who started wiping down our table before we left.
The best spicy tuna crispy rice. Great food cool ambience. Really great Vegas dinner spot we go at least once each Vegas trip and are always happy. Sushi samba is great too and a little cheaper
My wife and I dropped in while staying at the Palozzo with the hope of having dinner, then hitting the club.... Rats!  No club on Sunday nights!  . Stayed for dinner and glad we did.  The place was crowded, but we were still able to get a seat.  It was a bit noisy but the atmosphere was good.  The decor is awesome.. We started off our meal with TAO-Hito's (drinks) and loooooved them. For appetizer  we had a crispy rice and tuna tar tar which was excellent. For main I had the Buddah Chicken, which was a Thai chicken dish which was pre sliced and presented very nicely. The taste was excellent as was the quality of the meal and flavors. My wife enjoyed her glazed salmon.  . With so many great places in Vegas and the bar raised so high it is hard to give out 5 stars. In any other city my visit would be a 5 star meal. In Vegas they roll with a solid 4!
I really like the Asian fusion dishes here. There is something for everyone and no one in our party was disappointed with their food selection. It's not too expensive so the average person can go and have a nice meal. When you finish they will walk you over to the club with no cover if you just want to hang without a table. I would definitely recommend a table but they are always pricey so if it's not in the budget just walk over early enough that you can stake out a spot bc it will get busy and crazy. I wouldn't say this was 4 or 5 star cuisine like you may be thinking of at a fancy shmancy place but I'd say my over all satisfaction rating would be a 4!
The kobe beef dumplings were our favorite.  I think they were a special that night, but they should be on the menu.  The nigiri was fresh, and Tao has a nice wine list.  We ordered plates to share, just a bit at a time, and we never felt rushed.
This place is great! The food was awesome. If you come here and you don't get the lobster dumplings you are doing yourself a disservice. The server said their signature dish was the miso sea bass, definitely worth trying, and our server suggested the sausage fried rice with fried egg on top, also amazing. Service was great, drinks were tasty. . . So why only 4 stars?  A couple reasons. Number one, I don't like being sold something right away. When we sat down our server briefly went over the drink lists and immediately asked if we wanted something from the bar. Nice to ask, but how about giving us some time to look through the lists you just pointed out. Or even better, how about offering some water first.  And when I say offering, I mean offering all options. Not just bottled water. It just seems like a sneaky way to get just a little more money out of me. I don't want to feel like I'm at a car dealership when I'm eating at a restaurant. . . The second reason for the downgrade was the robotic repetitiveness in the restaurant. Explanation. We got our appetizers, ther server came by and asked us if we had everything we needed and we said we were fine. 5 minutes later a  manager came by and asked us if we have everything we need and we said we were great. Our entrees came out and our server asked if we had everything we needed, we were fine. A few minutes later a different manager came by and asked us...you guessed it, do we have everything we need. Not how is the food or how are we enjoying everything so far, just do we have everything we need. Now, you might say to yourself that's not so bad. But it was just me and my friend, and all the tables of two are literally right next to each other so we can hear the interactions of all the tables around us.  We had 3 tables within earshot of our own, and I must have heard "do you have everything you need?" 15 times between the servers and the managers. It's one of those things that once you notice you can't help but hear it. . . Normally I wouldn't even nitpick over something so trivial but i also heard the other servers in the area ask for drink orders immediately and only offer bottled water.  These are all clearly restaurant policies that take away from the restaurant. I don't want to feel like a step in a training manual. All those little annoyances aside this restaurant is awesome. It's not the quietest restaurant in the world but as long as you understand you are eating essentially at a nightclub I highly recommend this place.
I've been here twice, the first time awhile back and I remember loving it. But as my taste have changed I wondered if it would be as good the second time around. We started off with a couple drinks, all of which were delicious. We then had the duck spring rolls that came with a delicious sauce. The next course we had was a mix of raw fish. I enjoyed this dish as well it was very fresh. For the main course we ordered the chicken sausage fried rice and the Chilean Seabass.. . The fried rice was really really good. They even put a fried egg on top and then the server mixed it. I had Chilean Seabass previously and remember it being delicious. It did not disappoint. It was just as good as I remembered it it was totally succulent. I will dream of that sea bass!. . Our server was great and the atmosphere was really great. Overall I enjoyed the meal and would try it again!
Delicious food (sea bass melts in your mouth!) and good service overall but quite busy and loud, with tables VERY close together. You definitely know you are on the strip when the check comes!
Got the roasted Thai Buddha chicken...huge portion however it only comes w veggies, no rice! Cheapest side of fried rice is $13 (but it was a huge portion). Those two combined with a beer and my meal was over $60 after tip. Ouch ...BUT food was really good! IF it was a bit cheaper I would give it 5 stars.
Very good Asian cuisine. The atmosphere and service were superb. I had the red curry scallops. They were cooked perfectly. The sushi is very fresh. My only criticism is; the portion size is not adequate given the price.
If you like the one in NY, you will like this one. . . What I like about it is that the service is great, the ambience is awesome & the food is good. This is a place to go, not just because you want to eat, but because you want to indulge all of your senses. . . The hubby & I went here after a show to share a small meal & enjoy the place.. Everything was great.. The only thing I can complain about is that the NY location has (or had .. I don't know anymore because I haven't been in a long time) a bigger cocktail menu which included a mojito menu. I specifically remember a blackberry mojito which was amazing. Unfortunately, they don't have a mojito menu at this location.
