So I stopped in here the other day because I heard SOOO MANY great things about this place- better than Kogi?! I had to try it. I ordered a carne asada taco in a corn tortilla and 2 bulgogi lettuce "wraps". I gotta say it was yummy and very good, but I don't know if it was better than Kogi. Kogi is pretty innovative; their tacos have bulgogi and kimchi and really emphasize that Korean flavor. These lettuce wraps had pico de gallo in them, and it wasn't super reminiscent of the flavors I was expecting. The carne asada was pretty solid, no complaints there. But what's up with Vegas Mexican restaurants putting rice in their burritos?!
After my brother in-law had endorsed this place we had to try it.  I typically don't travel this far for tacos but, the fusion of Korean, Mexican, American, and Chinese... come on you gotta try it.  The owners of the small restaurant are husband and wife.  The wife was super nice and was always attentive and shared stories of how they started the business.  And, the husband does all the cooking.  Anyhow, business was good and people that were in and out were on a first name basis with the owners (that's always a plus).  We started our meal with chips with salsa and guacamole.  With the chips we were also given Chinese Zodiac place mats....only at KoMex (gotta love the quirks).  Skimming the menu I started with a craving for the fusion tacos (Korean/Mexican) but, then I wanted a plate of noodles...LOL when does that ever happen if you're not at a buffet.  We ended up getting 5 Bul-gogi (Beef) tacos and a rice plate with Daeji-gogi (pork).  We were going to order more but the owner recommended that we didn't even though she could of just let us order.  And she was right, the quantity was more than enough!  On to the quality...the Bul-gogi tacos were filled with green and brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, lettuce and your choice of sauce.  They brought a smile to my face.  Also, the Daeji-gogi was so delicious!  For me I have to have KimChi on the side as a pickled garnish.  Anyhow, after finishing our delicious Korean/Mexican meal we ended our visit with a sliced orange and fortune cookies for desert.  The only thing that I had an issue with was the location.  I just wish this place was a little closer and they would definitely have a regular customer.  My brother is coming to town at the end of the month and I love trying to impress him with food spots they don't have back in Chicago.  This is one of the hole in the wall places that will definitely make an awesome impression on his taste buds.
I love LA's Kogi truck and have been going through withdrawals looking for something comparable in Las Vegas.  Well, that search is finally over because KoMex's fusion tacos has filled that void.  And it's even better because it isn't on wheels and it is much cheaper. My husband and I ordered the beef, pork, and chicken fusion tacos and they were surprisingly very filling because the corn tortilla was exploding with marinated meat goodness.  . . I also ordered the fusion bulgogi burrito and upon first bite, it reminded me of late drunken nights and midnight runs to Jose Bernstein's in Westwood.  Although KoMex serves the kimchi on the side instead of inside the burrito like I am used to- it was a burst of  flavors that melded so perfectly well.  Who knew that Mexican rice, bulgogi, cilantro, onions, pico de gallo, lettuce, and asian sauce nestled inside a flour tortilla would be a match made in heaven.  . . The wait for our food was quite long (but at least we had a basket of chips and salsa to avert the grumpiness induced by hunger pains).  We placed our order "to-go", but we learned our lesson and will call in our order in advance next time...and there will DEFINITELY be a next time. Besides, I must try the chinese food on the menu too!
Gosh, after hearing and reading so many great reviews about Komex, we decided to stop by for lunch after 90 mins of pilates/yoga. It was quite a distance(22+ mins) and in the hood, but was worthed. We were quite excited to see on the item of the week board "4 tacos for $5, fusion/Mexican".  This is a great deal to sample different tacos. . . My friend, Patty, and I each got the. - bulgogi: this taco reigned supreme by Patty and I.  Unique and delish. We put the Chinese hot sauce/salsa on this baby and got ourselves a flavorful and tantalizing heaping of greatness. . -asada: top this off with the Mexican salsa...good, but My taste bud could not forget the bulgogi. - carnita: oh how the pork was kinda crispy...I forgot about the bulgogi taco for a nano-second. -pollo:  I was full when I came to this taco. So I tried a piece of the chicken. Can't stack this up against the aforementioned three. Earl finished this taco for me.. . We also tried the spam musubi. Portion was big. Was alright. . . I had a taste of the bulgogi burrito and it was very yummy with the Kim chi in it. Like what every other yelpers have mentioned, the burrito is gianormous.  It has value written all over it. . . Additionally, the Kim chi was super delicious. . . There isn't much decor and the seats were not the most comfy seats, but after eating the food, I forgot about it. . . We really wanted to try the pork taco on the fusion but they ran out of it. Boo. I was really excited to try that one too. Has to be for next time then.
Unbelievably delicious Mexican-Korean fusion at ridiculously low prices more than makes up for the lack of atmosphere and the slow, inattentive service. Try for takeout!
This is the kind of place that Yelp is made for.  It's a hole in the wall that is faaarrr from the Strip.  I don't even know what part of town I was in.  Thank goodness for GPS.  It's located in a tiny strip mall and is simply furnished.  There was one asian woman running all the tables, and she did a great job considering the steady stream of customers.  We ordered the pork and beef taco for about $1 each.  Incredible how much they gave you for that amount of money.  I was pretty sated with my two tacos, but I whipped my wimpy appetite into submission and downed half a chicken burrito and 1/3 of the kim chi fried rice rec'd by all you Yelpers.  They were both good, and even tastier with the hot sauce (salsa?  kim chi?  kim chi salsa??).  (There were 3 sauces on the condiment basket...I think the other were regular asian chili sauce and something with a hint of sweetness...iunno.  the salsa was my favorite).  I enjoyed the food enough, but am not sure if I'd go out of my way to return here when there are so many other places to try out in Vegas.
I'm not sure this place is worth a trip off the strip if you're visiting.  The idea is novel and sounds great - but the meal was just ok - and with so many great deals and choices around town - it's hard to justify going out of your way to try this place.  I actually have a regular korean-mexican spot that I love - and it blows this place away.  The staff is super friendly here tho - and that alone deserves an extra star.
I wanted to try Korean-Mexican fusion. Ordered me some taquitos, but instead of guac they added some creamy sauce over the top with a powdered cheese. It was delicious. For my meal I got the Dak-gogi(chicken) burrito. The portion was huge. Too much for me in one sitting. . The place is family-owned. The staff was very friendly, so much so that their customers greeted me as I walked in. My first time there, but I already felt like a regular. I was so hungry, and I wanted to eat fast. The problem is that anything Mexican only takes 5 min to make. So if you wanted to eat any of the Asian side of the menu, the wait is 20min for your order. My plan for a return visit is to simply order ahead.
This is a great hole in the wall place. The chicken fusion tacos were pretty amazing and so was the bulgogi burrito. We also had the yummy chips and salsa with guac. So good and so cheap, only spent about 10 bucks!
UPDATE:. . Man, I love the food at KoMex. Their bulgogi tacos are some of the best tacos I've ever had, their teriyaki chicken is awesome, and I still like the cute girl who works here .. . My problem now is thatthe wait is really long. I recently walked in to order a few tacos and stuff, and I waited almost 40 minutes. That's not cool. . . Still, I like it here. I'll just have to order my food ahead of time for my next trip.
I love this place because I don't have to compromise anymore when I want to eat Asian food. If my husband wants a burrito  or a hamburger I can say " Let's go to  KoMex!" The only bases they are missing from my husband's cravings are lasagna and pizza. I think those are pretty good odds! . . We were served chips, salsa and guacamole while we waited for our meal. I thought that was pretty cool because usually guacamole is extra at most restaurants. The guacamole was fresh and chunky.  I also had free won tons which were crisp with my Yelp check in offer. . . I ordered the Bulgogi Beef Plate (marinated beef) for $6.99. The beef was tender and flavorful. It came with a nice side of white rice. My husband had the Carne Asada burrito for $4.99 that comes with Spanish rice and beans. He said that he could tell the beef was a better quality than what they use at  Robertos because there was less fat . I'm glad we both enjoyed our meals. . . I like that the menu has a wide variety of choices, the food was yummy and the prices can't be beat!
Say MexKo. When I was a kid I saw this commercial where someone carrying a piece of chocolate fell into someone holding peanut butter, and peanut butter cups were discovered! Now, that's fusion! I don't know who fell into who here but mixing  Korean and Mexican did not have the same effect as the peanut butter cups for me. And don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad but I would rather have either Korean or Mexican, but not mixed, which they also serve. I did like the chips the salsa and the guacamole they were very tasty, and I would stop here just for that.. Service was very good, very friendly and attentive. The place is small but kept clean. Oh! And the Korean lady taking my order and asking me how I wanted the food made, in Spanish! Now that's a bonus star! (Review went from three to four.).  I will probably stop again  and try other items, Mexican or Korean but not mixed. For now, I'll just stick to my own Korean, Mexican fusion..... me and my Hyundai.
A little late but better than never, review from visit Sept 2011. . The freebies upon arrival: . *Home made guac/flour tortilla chips/salsa (chips are a little greasy...but can't complain too much especially when it's free!). *Bottled water....not the nasty tap stuff that tastes like lead pipes. . Food...I've only tried their fusion tacos and fusion burritos, but the meat is flavorful/tender....quality of what you would find at the korean bbq places but placed on a tortilla or stuffed into a burrito.  The chicken taco seems like just normal grilled chicken to me...so I would opt for beef or pork tacos.  The portion sizes are generous especially given the fact that their tacos are $1.29 each and burritos are $4.99.  And there's the bonus gift of a side of kim chee if so desired.  . . Sauces:. Chinese sauce-"nose starts running" spicy to me...they usually put this with every order unless you request the other sauces.. Korean sauce-extremely red in color, but has a sweet-spicy kick...my personal favorite and needs to be requested if ordering to go.. Green sauce-never tried...green sauces scare me.. . Ambiance....LOL there is none....other than this screams hole in the wall joint.  This place is down right ugly inside....but the friendly korean family that owns this place makes up for the dismal interior.  The seats are a little ghetto...WARNING: for all those without junk in the trunk....if you sit in the wrong spot where there is a hole in the bench cushion you may get sucked in. . Rumor has it they are going to open another location soon along the 215....and for those who are too lazy to cook for parties....you can order party platters.  They give you a big stack of tortillas, big platter of meat, and the vegetable slaw/dressing on the side...so you can assemble them fresh at home for a very reasonable price!
The food was more like a 3.5 star but the service puts it at 4 stars!. . We came one evening on a weekday so it really wasn't busy at all.  It's a fast food place in a little strip mall.  Since we were 2 families, we had 4 rugrats with us and I really appreciated how the lady took her time to make sure we didn't over order for the kids and was so accommodating in varying the dishes a little to accommodate our picky eaters.. . As for us adults, I have to say I was very excited reading the menu and wanted to order everything.  But I was informed they have generous portions so I will have to come back to taste more.  =). . Overall, the food is freshly cooked fast food style --- if you want this type of food and like Korean food, then you will be quite satisfied.
After much searching for this place the bf and I finally went! A tiny little hole in the wall tucked inside of a very bland string of other businesses. Barely noticeable from the street, I wonder if I would ever have run into this place if on my own!. . Walking in, the lime green walls and"older" furniture left me wondering what kind of boyfriend I had and whether I should turn and run. Thank goodness I didn't! We were seated immediately and given drinks and fresh guac and salsa. The chips tasted freshly fried and delish! . . I was weary about the fusion type. Can these two foods REALLY go together? Are my beans going to run into my kimchi and vice versa? I left my worrying aside as I ordered the fusion burrito. I chose chicken to be safe. The bf had bulgogi tacos. Our food arrived pretty quickly. My eyes grew huge when I saw my burrito! WTF?!?! The thing was gigantic!!! When I opened it up and started to eat I paused after the first bite. HOW DAMN DELICIOUS! The thing was too big to finish and I regretted having a big lunch before stopping here for dinner! haha! The marinated meat was better than I had at more expensive restaurants with nicer decor, etc. The tacos were great too. I just had to steal a bite. The meat was soft and cooked just right. Not overcooked or rubbery as we've had in other fast food places. The people working were so sweet and checked on us often. . . Towards the end of our meal when I thought I could not fit in another bite, our server came up to us with half a sliced orange and two fortune cookies. It was a very sweet gesture. Free dessert AND a palate cleanser! ha! The perfect touch to a great dinner!
Korea and Mexico are almost 7,000 miles apart.  The only herb in common, cilantro.  Why the fusion works?  Who cares.  Its just really good grindz.. . All three fusion tacos (bul-gogi, dak-gogi, and daeji-gogi) are great.  The proteins are all deeply marinated, slightly charred and overcooked (it works) and served hot with cabbage, tomato, cilantro, green onions, all overstuffed in a corn tortilla.  Perfect contrast of both temperatures and textures.  Add some kimchee and hot sauce (several choices but the Asian works best) and you got it all (sweet, sour, bitter, spicy).  Fusion street food heaven!. . The burrito is equally good.  Same great beef, chicken, or pork with the same taco toppings and the addition of seasoned rice all wrapped up in a flour tortilla.  Once again, squeeze some lime, add some hot sauce and its all good!  (It even taste good cold especially at 2am at the tables). . . Prices are...heck, dirt cheap ($1.29 a taco, $4.99 for a burrito).  Dine in and you get free chips, salsa, and guacamole.. . Recommended.
This small, but popular Korean/Mexican restaurant, is located on Decatur Blvd. The staff was very friendly and offered to take our order while we waited for a table.  Our fried wontons, 4 per serving and costing a mere $1, were good, but totally unnecessary since they were preceded by complimentary housemade chips, salsa and guacamole.  Our order of 4 barbecue tacos (2 pork, 1 chicken and a beef) came with cilantro, lettuce, onions and kimchee, the latter being optional.  Each was very good to excellent, though next time I would skip the beef in flavor (sic) of the pork or chicken
After getting our flex on at the gym, Mikey Elite ops for KoMex. At first the thought of this fusion restaurant wasn't jiving with me. The "hear says" and reviews weren't bullshit'n!. . Off the bat, the nice lady asks if we checked-in. Free fried wontons! Come up! I love Yelp supporting establishments. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!. . They offer four different types of hot sauces. The green and red chille sauce that usually is seen at a taco joint. I think the other two were Korean and Chinese hot sauces. . . We got beef tacos, a beef tostada, and a beef chimichanga. The tacos were fat and delicious. I like how you can opt for a lettuce wrap instead of a tortilla.  The tostada had a fried ricecake for its' base. It complimented the bulgogi chill'n on top with the herbs and spices. I had a sample of the bulgogi chimichanga. It was cheesy and delicioso. . . Although everything was awesome, the tacos were the winner for me. They've placed 2nd on my taco favorites. MMMMMMM BATCH!!!! I like running into new creative restaurants. They pulled it off yo! :)  @ $16 we felt like pigs. STONER STAMP OF APPROVAL!!!. . EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
You want a fusion of Korean and Mexican food at an outrageously reasonable (almost feel guilty it's so inexpensive) price?  Komex is the place!  When you are seated, they give you chips and salsa/guacamole.  You can tell the chips are homemade, and not store bought.  I ordered the Bulgogi Burrito and Fusion taco with green tea.  The taco was very tasty.  The meat is sweet and combined well with the coolness of the slaw.  They have their own Kimchee salsa that goes very well with it.  The Burrito was Huge.  I always finish my food, but I could only eat 1/2 the burrito.  Again, the meat was sweet and mixed well with the spanish rice and Kimchee salsa.  The entire bill was only $8.50!  The burrito was under $5, the taco was $1.35 (or something like that).  Well worth the price and well worth the trip.  The owner was extremely nice and the service was great.  Try it if you are in that part of town.
At first I was a bit skeptical about a korean-Mexican fusion restaurant, but this place had great reviews from other Yelpers so I gave it a shot. Boy am I glad I did! This restaurant is superb! I had a taco with Korean beef and all the fixins' of a regular Mexican taco. The beef literally melted in my mouth...sweet and spicy at the same time! My friend and I also shared the beef fries...comparable to carne asada fries, but with Korean beef. This place is amazing. The service was a bit slow which is why it gets 4 starts instead of 5. Komex...you are on to something magical!
I'm in town often for business, so I'm always looking for the best eats off the strip. So, as usual, Yelp led me to the best. I'll admit, when I walked in I was expecting to see a menu or listing of items on the wall, or even some Komex signage inside, but instead I was stuck standing at the counter looking stupid. I wondered if I was even in the right place. It is a little hole in the wall. Nobody asked if I needed help or wanted to order. Finally, after having stood at the counter for some time I asked for a menu. Everything sounded good.  I couldn't decide on the bulgogi tacos or burrito. Naturally, I went with BOTH. And, of course I couldn't leave without the chips and guacamole. The chips were the bomb! Korean BBQ AND Mexican? Freakin GENIUS!!! Komex please make your way to San Diego!. . Everything was SO good. This is definitely one of my new favorite places to eat in Vegas.
good food for a great price. chips salsa and guac. large portions with great taste. it is a must go to for folks that love flavor. if you don't like flavor then move on...
This was my first Korean-Chinese-Mexican fusion experience! and I loved it :D. . I'll get right to the point- CHEAP, DELICIOUS, SIMPLE. . I had the BUL-GOGI (BEEF) FRIED RICE BOWL ($6.99)- okay so the flavor was "eh" in fact, it didn't have much flavor, but for the price, they give you enough for lunch, dinner, and lunch again. I mean the portions were huge. I would get this plate again ONLY because if you pour a little Korean sauce on it it tastes delicious!. . My BF had a taste of the Pork, Beef, Chicken, and Fish tacos- loaded with tasty toppings and only ($1.29 each) not bad. The final verdict was PORK tacos, YUM. The fish taco was tasty but they put sour cream when it might have tasted better with a creative fish sauce or "KoMex fusion" sauce of some sort- just sayin... . . MUST TRY the BULGogi Nacho Fries- OMG soooo goood! . . While you're waiting they give you a side of chips, salsa, and guacamole and no tap water for these peeps- it's bottled water all the way baby!. . The restaurant itself is small and it seemed super busy during the lunch hour. The service was mediocre but the waitress was friendly and helpful for us first time customers :)
Had to try this place after reading all of the awesome reviews.  I went on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm and all the booths were full.  The owner quickly mentioned there would be a 45 minute wait once our order was put in since they had so many before us.  We were able to snag a small table by the door and it took a little while for them to come take our order.  We ordered the Bulgogi Nacho's, which were absolutely amazing.  They were so flavorful and we were able to demolish the whole plate quickly.  I liked their homemade chips and guacamole as well.  Next came out our Daejiogoi Burrito with fried Kimchi, which we ended up taking to go since we were so full from the chips (burrito was good, but I will try it with bulgogi next time and without salsa).  I was also pleased with the egg Musubi and chicken taco.  The price and flavors cannot be beat!  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!
I know I wrote a review for this...WTF?. . My first visit was decent, but it had a few hiccups that made me not too sure. I thought my tacos I had ( al pastor, daegji gogi and bulgogi) were good. We were first served by who I think is the owner and she was friendly and nice then there was a new girl and when tabulating our bill (they hand write it) it was way over. Also there was dustbunnys at the corner of our table. I'm okay with hole in the walls, but really, a dustbunny? . . We decided to try again and this time it was much cleaner. Food was still consistent. Now they have vegetarian options which is a plus so I had a tofu fusion style and a rice/beans and vegetable. The tofu was good, the veggie one only came with rice on mine but the veggies on it were fresh (stir fry mix- think broccoli, cabbage, carrot, etc).   BF loved the shrimp fusion style so now he says anytime we come here he has to get that. There is a check in special for free wontons. They are little meat filled ones (4 pcs) with some sweet chili sauce. . . The BF and I thought his family would like it so we brought them and they enjoyed it. Mom got enchiladas and she's a green sauce girl and with our luck brought them when they were making some but she said it would be better with it. The surprising standout was grandmas mongolian beef. I took a bite and that was really tender and flavorful. BF and I stuck to the fusion tacos. . . Overall, I think this place is solid cheap eats with a little something for everyone.
Wow who knew that combination of foods work deliciously
Ate there the other day, and best description of their food.. "wow".. . Instant seating, ambiance & location would only rate 1 star at most.. but the food makes all the diff and that IS the point of a restaurant.  . . I had 2 Fusion Tacos, one with chicken and the other with pork. I had no idea so much filler could fit on those little tacos, but they were both excellent - I especially loved the chicken one.  Hubby got the Bulgogi burrito and I could have sworn I saw little hearts fluttering around him when he bit into that monster.  I'll admit, I was surprised by the amount of damage he did to that, since I think there are countries with less land mass than that thing had.  And yes, I had a taste of it.. definitely a winner.. . Oh, and I had made the mistake of ordering the Spam Musubi - not that there was anything wrong with it, just no room left to fit it into my tummy after the tacos.  Once I started on them, the musubi just kinda got forgotten about.. I took it home, though, and had it the next day - still tasty despite being a day old, so I'm betting it would have been fantastic when it was fresh.. . We will definitely be back, and soon =D
All I can say is WOW!  What an experience here?  I was finally in the vicinity of Komex so I took that family to try out this place. I told them I was going to Dairy Queen....  Yeah right, who would go to DQ for frozen foods that are reheated...... . 1.  Why here?  Have no idea why this place is located on the north side of the 95 and Durango in a small strip mall however, it is very crowded.. . 2.  Groups - Most of the tables are wide enough to squeeze in five not so huge people, and they have two areas where seating for about 6 is very comfortable. However, possibly about 40 people can be in this place so it time your visit well.. . 3.  Food - Absolutely creative and amazing. If you are fond of Korean food, this is really cool.. . Tofu Taco with Kim Chee - Nice tasting, flavorful and a bit of spice.. . Bulgogi Taco - If you like the spicy salty sweet taste of Bulgogi, in a taco it really is nice.  I really liked all the kim chee on it, the chili paste, and the small round taco that is perfect to hold and eat.. . KimChee Fried Rice - This is a truly great dish. I am a BimBimBap person myself, and so this was a unique dish full of flavor and very red overall due to the Kim Chee.  We brought some home as leftovers. It was great.. . Bulgogi Slider Burger - My  son had this and he really liked it. He was quiet for awhile as he scarfed this down.. . Mongolian Beef with Rice - Could not decide if this was better tasting than the Kim Chee Fried Rice.. . Teriyaki Chicken - Yeah, I know yet I have young ones and well, they like the more traditional stuff.  They do like Bulgogi and Kalbi and all the meats, however, sometimes you gotta get the Macaroni Cheese of Asian food... It was good.. . Port Won Ton Fried - 8 per serving. Tasty and what a good deal. . . 4.  Price - What an inexpensive place. Very nice on the budget.. . 5.  Soda's a great variety of drinks all seemingly purchased at Costo and sold. You can pick it yourself out of the fridge and they will add it to your bill.  I did ask for water, and they take bottled water out of the fridge and so, I did not check my bill to see if this was paid or free.  I prefer fountain soda in larger cups however, I was here for the food.. . I like this place and will try it again for sure.  I think, that I am a real lover of the traditional Korean Style food, and I do like this place overall.. . GK says, if you are in the neighborhood, check it out.
I loved this restaurant. I think that the fusion between Korean and Mexican food is incredible. I had  there a fusion burrito with the Korean Beef and it was huge once I received it we also ordered the fusion nachos with the Korean Beef. It was really good. I would highly recommend this place to any one. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The only thing that I wish they would change is to make there Mexican style salsa more spicier. But other than that this place rocks!
Very good food loved the noodles and the service was outstanding.  The only knock is the outward appearance, a little strip mallish
I have to admit I was not as impressed as I expected to be, but I was not let down either. I liked everything we ordered, which was the fusion chicken fried rice, fusion tacos (chicken and pork) and a fusion beef burrito. The tacos were my fav, the pork especially. The tea was perfect, hot jasmine tea, yum.  Our waitress was very nice, the wait wasn't too bad (felt worse cuz we were starving).  I wouldn't get fried rice again, maybe not the burrito, but tacos yes.
We ordered the fried rice, chow fettucine, and tacos. All were delicious. Huge portions and inexpensive. It's a hole inthe wall but the food was really good. I think their tacos are actually better than the Kogi taco truck. The tacos don't have as much filling, they're small but flavorful and only $1.30 a piece. The other entree dishes are huge - sort of a Chinese style share dish. I am definitely going back to sample other items on the menu.
Who would think that a fusion of Mexican and Korean would work?  Well, it does.  It was fun to check out all of the different options.  The prices are low and the flavor was high...great combo.  I tried four different things, all of which I enjoyed, but the Kim Chee fried rice was my favorite.  . . The restaurant was a hole in the wall, but I guess it will keep the prices down if the rent is low.  . . I would have liked to see a soda fountain, but not too big a deal.
The Korean/Mexican fusion thing has been popular for a couple of years now. Some places do it better than others, and KoMex definitely does it right. If you are new to KoMex fusion just remember to keep an open mind. The experience is not like going to a great tacorilla, nor is it like going to a nicer Korean restaurant. It's different, but delicious. The wife and I always order way too much food trying to sample as many dishes as possible. But just like Chief Lone Watie, we always "Endeavor to persevere." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csEzTwKemwY. Today Tacodillas were on special. Kind of a taco inside of a quesadilla. Fantastic!. Bulgogi Tacos came next. Also absolutely delicious. And we finished up the night with the massive Bulgogi Nachos. A great meal, with drinks, all for about $16.
This food is amazing! My family went to try Komex last weekend because we love Mexican food, and we love Korean food. We heard about it from Las Vegas Weekly magazine. We tried the Bulgogi rice, bulgogi nachos, and the teriyaki chicken. The Korean flavors are the best! They have a Korean spicy sauce that is to die for! Not spicy! Just perfect. The only complaint would be the service. For a first timer it is a little confusing because you really don't know if you need to seat yourself or if there is a waitress. Well, we just sat down ourselves and a waitress did show up. It was busy so I understand...The food outweighs any problem with service. I would recommend this to anyone who wants good food!
Forgive me diet, for I have sinned.. . Okay I'm not really on a diet, and if I were I certainly wouldn't be ordering Bulgogi Fried Rice as I did this afternoon for lunch.. . 2nd time at KoMex. The first time I had an order of 3 tacos, each with a different meat and the optional kimchee on top.   Absolutely loved the meal, and lunch for 2 dining in (6 tacos and 2 drinks total) came out to some absurdly cheap price ($15?)  . . This time I called in a take-out order of Bulgogi Fried Rice because calories and self respect be damned, I was hungry for Fried Rice (which only happens about 3 times a week so I had to act on it).   Upon arriving the restaurant was full (great sign!) and I was warmly greeted and served and brought my food back to my office.   . . Upon opening the container I was shocked by the sheer mountain of fried rice that greeted me and I quickly closed it for fear of a co-worker seeing it.   Coast was clear so I took a few bites and was initially somewhat disappointed before realizing that I hadnt put any hot sauce on it.  Rookie mistake.  My impressions greatly changed of the dish after that in a good way, but overall I still found the bulgogi itself to not be as strong a flavor as I was expecting.   You could have told me this was a beef fried rice from some other chinese restaurant in Vegas and I probably would have been fooled.  It was still decent and combined with the previous 5 star experience and amazing value we're sitting at 4 stars overall for me.
My husband and I decided to try this place based on a friend's recommendation. It was very good! We tried their Bulgogi burrito and it makes you think why has no one ever done it before. The staff was helpful and friendly and through the yelp deal, we got a free order of fried wontons. Their chips and salsa was also tasty.. . The only downside is that I wished they had a bigger location do seating wouldn't be a problem. With how popular this joint is becomingg, customers are having some trouble fighting for tables.
place isn"t new but a gem . wait service is on top of it and food is awesome. we will be back.
I gave these guys a try a couple weeks ago. I was truly impressed with what I ate. This establishment gives LA's Kogi Taco trucks a run for their money!
Came here on a friend's recommendation.  Definitely good, flavorful food.  Seems more mexican than korean fusion, but good nonetheless.  A true 3.5/5 in my book, but I will round up to a 4 since it was better than a 3.. . The location sucks.  It is in an old part of town, near nothing else, but the food is worth it if you are around this part of town.. . We tried the tacos and the fries platter, both with kim chi, and both were yummy.  . . Overall it was good and I can see myself coming back again, just not running back anytime soon
Yummy, yummy, yummy!
I've been to Komex a couple times now.  I first visited when they were brand new and gaining a following on Yelp.  While I was impressed with their pricing, I wasn't as impressed with their veg-friendly items we ordered.  There were no Korean-Mexican fusion eats for this girl.. . It took a while for us to make it back, and the thing that changed was that they added tofu to their menu.  While I'm not a big tofu eater, I thought maybe this addition could help improve some of the times on their menu so I decided to finally stop back.  Guess what?  I can finally get fusion things here!  Hooray!. . I'm a big, big fan of the tofu fusion tacos.  The tortillas are fresh, the marinated cabbage adds nice crunch and flavor, and it all comes with a selection of sauces to add!  The tacos are filled to the brim, so a fork and knife are pretty necessary here.. . I've also had the Chow Fettuccine noodles.  They aren't bad, they aren't spectacular, but they are a decent noodle with tons of veggies for an awesome price.  It's definitely a cheap way to fill you up.. . My husband has ordered the veggie burrito (not fusion) and I don't care for it too much.  They add broccoli and baby corn and some other things that I think make it a little strange.  But my husband likes it and that's all that matters.. . I have a feeling meat-eaters really enjoy this place.. . Good food, great prices, awesome people.  Definitely worth a trip.
Finally got over to this place! It's a bit hidden in a tiny strip mall type building but easy enough to find. The food was very good, no complaints at all. I tried the tacos (one of each) and two burritos, one regular and one fusion. I prefered the regular burrito to the fusion one, it seemed to have a bit more flavor. I prefer the burritos at Cafe Rio, these are about the same size (huge) but not quite as good. . . The standout was the tacos, spefically the beef ones, these are what is gonna get me back there. The flavor was excellent and the price is right! Worth checking out for sure!
I had the bulgolgi taco and fries for ~11. . . - Taco was savory! i enjoyed the kimchi substitute. . - Fries are creative yet too sweet. I prefer the regular carne asada fries. . - Pricing is very reasonable.. - Great service. I was delighted to find out that the bottle of water was free of charge!. . ^____^!
Great food at a resonable price. So good you don't even mind the older small dining area. The have plans to update the dining area soon. The best items are the fusion menu items: enchiladas, nachos, and toastadas. The best meat is the pork by far. If you eat pork skip the others meats if you don't try the beef. Great value for flavors and porition sizes.
This place is soooo good.  And love the prices, it's a small place but they're remodeling!  Offers American and Mexican sodas ::thumbs up::
Yelp steers us well to a great off the strip find - news at 11!. . But seriously, I rented a car on this visit to town so we could partake in some off-strip dining a la Yelp recommendations.  Being a lover of Korean & Korean fusion this was a must-try, and I was not disappointed.. . They give you A TON of food here.  My honey and I are big folks and big eaters but we agreed afterwards we both should have ordered half orders of our dishes.  He got the bulgogi nachos and I got the bulgogi fried rice.  I ate less than half of mine and was stuffed.  He ate about half of his.  This is a GREAT place to feed a family on a budget!  Alas we didn't have the whole family so we had leftovers.  GET THE HALF ORDER unless you are sharing - you have been warned.. . I love their chips.  They alone are worth a visit.  And, they serve them with guacamole which is a huge plus.  . . I would have preferred bigger slices of bulgogi in the rice, it was actually a bit difficult to tell it was bulgogi fried rice vs. some other fried rice, until I put the sweet chili sauce on top which gave it a more distinctly Korean flavor.  The bulgogi nachos had a bit bigger chunks on them, and they were good too - surprisingly a totally different flavor profile than our local DFW korean fusion place's version of korean nachos.. . The server was very nice, but seemed overwhelmed by the lunch crowd that piled in right after we did.  It's not fast food so don't come when you're in a hurry, but do go.  It's different and it's good and it's a bargain.
Strange, but quite tasty. The restaurant looks kind of dingy, but the food far exceeded my expectations. The bulgogi anything is delicious -- the flavor of the beef is so excellent. Chips and salsa were also really tasty. Portions here are HUGE and for a good price! Service was also really friendly.
Great place! Somehow it works.
Being Korean and loving Mexican food... I of course had to try this place.  Also the great Yelp reviews helped.. . I wasn't disappointed.  Wow!  This is one of those places where you wish they had a location near your home.  Unfortunately, it's only in Vegas.    . . So if you're in Vegas you have to make a trip to try this mom and pop shop with the yummiest pul go gi burrito.  Awesome..  yummmy spicy  korean pork nachos... that's right you heard me... spicy korean nachos.  I know.. I originally though.. uh-huh cheese and korean pork... doesn't go together..  WRONG!  it's ono licious!  lick your fingers. yummy!. . It's not the easiest place to find if you're going by strict GPS directions.. once you get really close 500 feet.. you have to use your eyes to find the place.. . The only mild negative is that, BECAUSE it's made to order... you have to wait.  We waited 20 minutes, but it was worth it.    The food is hot and fresh, like mom or grandma would have made in their kitchen.. . If you like spicy and sweet... with some teriyaki style flavors... this is the place for you!
I love this place. It has pretty much never disappointed me. They're cheap, delicious, different, and addictive. My favorite items are just their fusion tacos, 3 of them, one of each kind of meat, with kimchi. They're fast food prices but you leave there oh so satisfied. And they give you some complimentary guacamole to go with your chips while you wait for your food.. . Why not 5 stars? Because not everything on the menu is exceptional or noteworthy. It's just decent food but nothing you must have.. . They should really open up some more of these around town.
This place is awesome and tiny.. . I had:. -Fusion  Taco (Korean BBQ inspired Tacos) on Corn Tortillas....$1.29 . Choice of Meat w/ marinated green & purple cabbage, onions, cilantro, pico de gallo. Delicious!!!!!!!!!! Highly Recommended.. . -(Steak) Mexican Taco on Corn Tortillas..................................................................................................................$1.29. Choice of Meat with Onions & Cilantro ***. Honestly, what carne asada taco isn't good? I won't say it was special but still tasty.. . He had:. -Fusion Taco. . We shared:. -Fusion Quesadilla...(Beef or Chicken with Mozzarella Cheese on Flour Tortilla)...........................$5.99. SO MUCH CHEESE!!!! :D :D :D. . We were stuffed after that and the chips and salsa they bring to you on the table (which we fought for). Order extra chips and salsa!! Extra salsa extra guac!! . . YOU WILL WAIT FOR YOUR FOOD BECAUSE IT IS MADE FRESH. **There is actually a sign hanging up in the restaurant that says this.** . . If you want fast food go to McDonalds you idiot. Also, what are you doing on Yelp?. . Be prepared. Service isn't the best but the food is worth the wait.. . Can't comment on price because I didn't pay but my boyfriend was happy when we left and I'm pretty sure it was because the food was great and it was cheap too.
So delicious! I stumbled upon this place a few months ago on Yelp, and knew I had to try it. I dragged a friend in and instantly we were hooked. We were greeted with smiles and a large bowl of chips, salsa, AND guacamole. . . On my first visit I went straight Fusion Taco. One beef, one chicken, and one pork. The waitress asked if I wanted kimchi on top and I most certainly did. All three tacos were fabulous and for $1.29 each you can't really go wrong. My friend and I made the rookie mistake of each ordering three tacos and an order of Fusion Bulgogi Fries (everyone raved about them on yelp so we had to give them a shot). We were so stuffed after the three tacos that we barely made a dent in the fries, but they were great.. . On my second visit I went with tofu fusion tacos and even tried one as a lettuce wrap. They were both great, but I forgot to ask for kimchi so not quite as tasty as the first visit. . . Visit komex with a big appetite and expect a bit of a wait if you're going at peak dinner/lunch hours. And, don't forget to request kimchi on your fusion tacos!
Surprisingly good. Very good actually! I ordered the bulgogi tacos just to taste it. The tacos were excellent. Also ordered the bulgogi fries, the bugolgi fries were tasty but I could've done without the jalapenos. And I requested a side order of Kim Chee which was laughable due to the portion size. I will return. All in all, very good!
This little hole-in-the-wall place is amazing. The bulgogi beef tacos are so good inside your mouth. Don't miss out!
I was given a heads up by a couple of friends that this place was really good, and it's walking distance away from my house.  Finally something good in my ghetto?  We shall see!. . I ordered the bulgolgi burrito to-go.  I was impressed!  The finely chopped veggies were fresh and delightful, and the bulgolgi was well prepared, although maybe a little saucier than I like.  While not the best Korean food I have had in Vegas, it is better than most.  I enjoyed their Mexican take on the dish: wrapped in a flour tortilla burrito in style.  The best thing about this place is the price, about half the cost of my favorite Korean spot!  For your hard earned bucks, you get an amazing quality of food here.  Be careful coming here on the weekend for lunch, the place will be jammed packed!  . . Thanks to my Yelp friends for giving me a heads up on this one.  I will definitely make this a usual spot especially for a super fast and cheap meal by my house!
Holy Crap - I'm not in the dark anymore!!!! . Finally today, we made an effort to drive to the "very much out of our way" Komex.. . Right away they give you chips,guacamole and salsa.. . The Bulgogi fried rice was awesome and topped with the chunky hot sauce that is offered on each table was awesomer - (not an actual word, I know!!). . The BF had the fusion tacos with bulgogi - I thought it was yummy. He said it was alright but he was more excited by the house made chunky hot sauce on the table. . . My daughter had hmmm...take a guess????   = FRENCH FRIES!!!. . Nothing special there other than the fact that they offer bulgogi fries.. . I do not like the inside - it feels yucky and hot. . . The BF thought Komex was OK but I  would love to come back and try other stuff -  . . Komex is tasty,different and affordable!!!!!
If it weren't for Yelp, I would've never discovered this place! This place is just full of delicious food. Before this, I had never had Korean-Mexican fusion food, but KoMex has made me a convert! . . If you eat there instead of ordering take-out, they give you free homemade chips and salsa/guacamole. The fusion items come with a choice of 3 different meats (beef, pork, or chicken), fish, shrimp, and vegetarian. Kimchi can be added on to any fusion dish if requested, but I'm not a fan of the sour element kimchi adds, I'd rather add lime. I always get the fusion tacos, burrito, nachos, or bulgogi beef fried rice. I usually prefer chicken, but there's just something about their bulgogi beef that has me coming back for more. Portions are huge and prices are reasonable (although I've noticed they recently increased their prices by a small margin). I admit I haven't tried their Asian or Mexican dishes yet, so that'll be on my list next time I go. All in all, every friend I have brought to KoMex has loved it!
OH MY GOSH!!  Not only was this the cheapest place I had ate at in Vegas, but also by far THE BEST fusion I have ever tried before.. . The only thing is... don't count on eatting the food to-go or "later" you have to eat it fresh.... Portions are big so order accordingly.... . Free Appetizer- fresh tortilla chips and "guacamole and salsa" 5.0!! YUMM. Super fries like-- 3.5 ( lack of sauce) but still yummy. Torta- 4.5 needs more sauce guac. or salsa would make it a ++++++. burrito- 5.0 my goodness too good!!!!. . Hole in the wall, worth the drive out of the strip.  A must tryyyyyy!!!
Komex is one of the hidden gems of Vegas. If I hadn't found it on Yelp, I probably wouldn't have discovered the awesome fusion food it has to offer.. . The bulgogi fries are amazing, and they give you a TON. Even with 3 people sharing it as an appetizer, we've had to bring home leftovers. It's just the perfect blend of cheese, salsa, and bulgogi on a bed of french fries.. . I've been here a handful of times now, and almost every time I order the fusion burrito with bulgogi beef. Usually, I like to try different things when I go to a restaurant, but when I go to Komex, I'm craving that fusion burrito and can't be deterred.. . The service is a little on the slow side, but they're all really friendly. You also have to realize they don't have a really big kitchen to work with. They have even put up a sign recommending you call in first. My hope is that they one day expand or find a bigger place because it is almost like a hole in the wall joint right now.. . All in all, Komex has really decent fusion food to offer for a great price. Definitely worth checking out.
I met one of the owners , she was very welcoming and has a great smile. The fish taco was tasty, so was the spicy pork taco. I dined in, so received the chips salsa and Guacamole all very good. The owner gave me a free second helping of the Guac and a free sample bowl of a seafood soup they are experimenting with and thinking of selling, it had kimchee and seafood lt was like a fusion of Mexican seven seas and spicy cabbage soup my tasty buds where whirling in confusion hehe.
This place has great food, the Mexican and Korean fusion brings great flavors.. If you like to try new things I would recommend you to visit them!
This is interesting. Any way you can pack bulgogi into a mexican container is good by me.. Cheap, fast and heaping portions along with the fusion aspect makes this a worthwhile. A little one-trick-pony-ish in the long run, but good stuff. Small locale, fast friendly service.
It's definitely worth the trip to North Las Vegas for this little hole in the wall. Try their fusion tacos in beef, chicken or pork and ask for kimchi on top. Korean barbecue in a taco is gaining popularity and KoMex is the place to go if your hankering for a few of these deliciously cheap bad boys.
pretty good tacos
This place saved me from the vote. My brother and husband both wanted Mexican food and I wanted Asian food. We solved our delimma by going to Komex! The place was super packed so we waited about 10 minutes . . . I had their KimChee fried rice which was really good! I was nervous about ordering it because I thought it would be too salty.  It had the perfect amount of spices though. The portions were big so I had plenty of left overs!
Yummy food! Great service! Cheap prices! one star off for ambience, but you can go wearing t-shirt and flip flops
We were starved so I searched my bookmarks on Yelp and saw that we were near KoMex Express. It's a hole in the wall specializing in freshly prepared Korean Mexican dishes. Yes, Korean and Mexican. Marrying these bold flavors is a slam dunk of deliciousness.. . We snacked on chips and salsa while we waited. Waits can be long because everything is made to order. The tasty guacamole will whet your appetite and you'll be eager to dig in when your order is up.. . We had the Fusion Bulgogi Nachos and three tacos: pork, chicken, and beef with a side of stir fried kimchi. . . Neither of us are too familiar with Korean dishes. So, I can't vouch for how authentic these flavors are, but they are indeed tasty.. . The Nachos were ginormous and better than most you'd find in Mexican restaurants. The chips are crisp and can easily support the sweet heat mountain of toppings. This is a feast. The only complaint is that we wished the cheese was thoroughly melted. . . The tacos were really great too. This visit the chicken had more flavor than the other two. I'm usually the biggest fan of pork so this was quite a surprise. The kimchi on the side was decent, but the weakest link. It just didn't pack the punch the tacos or the nachos did. . . These fusion bites are good eats. It's a nice find for when you're craving something a little out of the ordinary.
Bomb diggity! Vegas secret no more! I'm telling everyone. This place is a great idea and the flavors blend very well. I love the fusion between the Mexican dishes with the Korean flavors. It seems like it was starting to get packed when we were about to leave. On top of being well attended too, and extra food choices, the meal was rather inexpensive! Bonus all around. KoMex, you will be a stop while I'm in Vegas again. Thank you.
Soild 4, for all my ballers on a budget the food at this family run joint comes out quick, hot and yummy to boot! I try to make a visit when I'm nearby. I usually get the burrito with some form of Korean meat! Comes with a side of chips & dip! Nom motherf*uking nom.
"It's a good thing this place is near my work, or else it would have taken forever to take the time and effort to go here." That was my initial thought. Turns out, this place is very worth the time andeffort to get to.. . Never mind the interior design and the small parking area. The food here is good. I tried the bulgogi burrito for the first time, and I never knew it would be that tasty. A little spicy, but still it gives me a symphony of flavors. . . Although I was confused at first whether to order at the counter or sit down, I soon figured out it was a sit-down place. Doi. Go figure.. . Anyway, the burrito is huge. Worth the price. They stuff it with tons of ingredients including the oh so tasty bulgogi. As I was halfway finished, the tortilla ripped apart and I was left with a pile of stuff. Delicious stuff. And I used my hand to eat it all up. You know it's good when you finish a mess with your hands.. . Must go here again for more exquisite deliciousness.
So goood.. Sweet sweet cholesterol. Nursing a hangover from the weekend, my friends and I decided to venture away from the pricey strip options and search for some highly rated, 1 dollar sign places on yelp. Lucky for us, KoMex satisfied our only 2 requirements. . . We shared a plate of bulgogi nachos and I had the chimichanga. Everything was fried, oily, and absolutely delicious. Excellent food for getting rid of that death feeling after ingesting too much alcohol at 3am. However, I wouldn't exactly recommend eating here with 6 of your friends and then cramming onto a plane back to the Bay Area. Sorry again for all the farts, UA1463.
I wasn't really sure howI would feel about a mexican/korean fusion joint but I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. This place really exceled at the fusion tacos, especially the bulgogi (beef) tacos which really went well together. Also I was really impressed by the fried rice as well. The only down side was the spicy pork was a bit of a dissapointment, not that it was bad, but I have had better elsewhere. Staff was nice and friendly and the price was very reasonably as well.
3.5 stars.. . Food here is pretty solid.  I've had Korean in LA (which is much better back home, and I'm not trying to sound snobby, rather it's just something I can compare to), and the food here is a pretty decent.  I think the spicy pork is pretty good here, and the bulgoigi was just 'ok.'. . Bulgoigi Tacos $2 -above average-The bulgoigi tacos were pretty good.  They came out within 5 minutes of our order.. Spicy Pork tacos-$2- above average-Same as above.. . Bulgoigi fried rice $9-slightly above average-Pretty good.  I wished they gave a little more bulgoigi though.  Had some trouble tasting it.  I think it might be ok to pass on this if you aren't in the mood for fried rice.. . Bulgoigi & Spicy Pork-slightly above average-The portions on this dish are massive!  Big enough for 2 people to share.  My only gripe was the bulgoigi was a bit over-cooked.  I enjoyed the spicy pork.. . Tips:. -Complimentary chips w/ your order. -Where's my kimchii at??!?!  I would've liked a complimentary side of this :P. . Overall a solid choice if you are in the mood for Korean.  Like I said above, 3.5 stars
Drove from the Strip to eat here. Worth the drive. We could eat here again and again and never try all the wonderful food. We took food home with us because we had to much. Will Korean Nachos be good after driving 4 hours to California? Guess we will see. At least we'll have food if traffic is slow getting back to LA area. Oops spoke to soon, traffic just stopped on the 15 and were nor even to the stateliness. [Nachos may not make it to CA]
all of their food is good. i like the flavors and the different types of sauces you can get. being korean the flavors are familiar to me but everything works well. the fresh guac is always good. i always get some tacos and a bulgogi quesadilla with kimchi, cant go wrong with that. i dont know if im really sensitive to MSG but i always get the MSG symptoms really bad. . . thirsty and sleepy. . and the amount i eat is usually moderate. so its not the itis. the only time i seem to get that way is when i eat at a chinese place that loads up on the MSG. maybe they add a lot of salt. NO MSG!
Whenever I travel I love checking out cheap and good places where real locals love to eat. Having asked a few of my friends for suggestions the #1 recommendations was Komex.  . . Parking: I'm guessing during the day time this parking lot gets packed but luckily Komex has its own strip mall parking Thumbs up. . Atmosphere:. Being from Hawaii the place is alright. Kinda old school looking. Otherwise its not much to look at. Basically what I would expect out of a Hawaii Plate lunch restaurant. . Service:. All I can say is the service was fast, food came quick and everything worked out great. . Cost:. In Vegas standards this place can be really cheap or somewhat on the pricer side. Either way I think for a complete meal your looking to spend at least $6 per person.  I had a half order Kalbi nachos and 1 taco and I was pretty good and that was about $7. . Food:. Seeing all the Yelp reviews I had to try the bulgogi Nachos and a pork taco.  Both items were definetly worth the money.  The Pork taco had a tad bit of spicy but was tasty and not to faty.  The BUlgogi half or nachos was pretty good and loaded with meat, cheese, salsa and other toppings.  The Bulgogi had a nice flavor and you know it had to be marinated for hours.  I do have a feeling that the nachos were zapped in the microwave oven though.. . Overall:. If your looking for cheap and easy then this is the place. I waiting for my next trip to Vegas so I can try the highly recommended fried rice.
The bulgogi and calamari tacos are awesome! Definitely worth a trip off the strip. The food is so tasty, serviing size, ad price is just right!
Massive portions, great taste and everything freshly made to order--I am in heaven.  If you aren't a big eater or sharing, the half portions will suit a normal appetite fine.  This is a family run restaurant, with Mom taking orders, Dad doing most of the cooking and 2 cute daughters as wait staff.  The Bulgogi burrito is huge and so yummy, as are the fish tacos.  Drinks are all canned or bottled, so no free refills.  If you want water with your meal, it is bottled, and is free..  Such a nice touch.  There is seating for about 30 or thereabouts, so you may have a small wait if you hit right at lunch or dinner hours, but I have never waited more than 5 minutes for a table. . Last visit cost 21.70, including tax for 3 people.  Nice job, Komex--I look forward to my next encounter with your kimchi..
Ate here tonight and it was all it was cracked up to be. It's a take out with same tables and no atmosphere (thus the 4 stars), but the service and food were both great and the prices are unbelievable. Who wouldhave thought, bulgogi in a burrito or a chimichanga, but boy does it work (especially with the hot and tomatillo sauces - complimentary condiments). Could not eat the whole thing, but did anyway because it was too good to stop.
AMAZING!!!! I had the bulgogi fries and another dish I was so full but couldnt stop eating..will be going back for sure!!
KoMex Fusion Express, the name says it all. It is perfect for those that either can't decide between Korean or Mexican, or simply wanted both for their next meal. Not to mention that these two cuisines with their affinity for their optional fiery kicks just pair well together.  In case that is not sufficiently enticing, there are some Chinese (friend wontons disappeared quickly off the plate here) and American added in for good measure.  Did I mention that it is reasonably priced too. . . First timers should test drive their Fusion Tacos or Burritos, prepared with Korean BBQ inspired fillings in traditional Mexican corn tortilla shells or flour tortillas.  Optional Kimchi can be added to the order, but I think it tasted better on the side and not in the tacos or burritos.  I rarely order nachos, but their Fusion Bulgogi Nachos was worth deviating from my customary ordering habits.. . This small mom and pop restaurant is operated by a nice couple.  It is located in what appears to be a rather worn out looking strip mall, but don't let that deter you from what will most likely be a surprisingly good experience eating out. Enjoy!
finally hit KoMex - not even close to my neighborhood, nor do i seem to have a reason to be in this area but i driven a heck of a lot farther for less quality food.. . Tried the fusion tacos ( beef, chicken and pork - $5 includes a canned soda ) , beef fusion burrito and the beef fusion quesadilla.  All great but i give the Gold to the burrito - great stuff, reasonable prices - this place is worthy of expansion to the rest of the valley !
Have a craving for Asian food but want Mexican grub? This is the best of both worlds! All of the fusion dishes are full of flavor and spice. Warning: spice level is not for the faint of heart. The spicy pork will set your mouth on fire. Bulgogi fusion burrito is a must try! The fried rice dishes also hit the spot. . . My only complaint is that there isn't more than one location, since the restaurant is way off-Strip.
I have been wanting to try this place for a little while now.  So when we had visitors in town that wanted some Mexican food, I thought what a perfect time to come check out this place. Although it really is off the beaten path for me, it was worth the trip to experience what Korean Mexican fusion was really all about.  The waiter brought out complimentary homemade chips with guac and salsa dip to start our night out.  We ordered the bulgogi burrito and kimchi fried rice and our friends had their fusion tacos.  Both dishes were quite good and fulfilling.  The portion size is huge and the ingredients inside were very fresh.  Although the bulgogi could have been more flavourful, their special house sauce and other hot sauce condiments really made the burrito stand out.  I really enjoyed this fusion restaurant, but because it is so far away from me, I think I will only be coming here if I am in the neighborhood for some other reason.  I took one star off because I had to ask the waitress for a knife to cut the huge burrito and extra plates so we can share our dishes.
Would have given 5 stars if they served alcohol and if our server wasn't in training. Place might do better at a container takeout place with dine in sitting.  I ordered the fusion tostada with chicken. It was great. Also ordered the chicken sope. It was ok. Next time, and there will be a next time, I order 2 tostadas. My girlfriend ordered a vegetarian fusion burrito, and its one of the only times I've seen her that please by food she didn't make herself. Coke products are always a plus!!!!
My first time eating here at Komex... but it was the best food I've had from such a small place.  I got the Mongolian Beef and it was awesome.  I expected it to be spicier.
Very far from where I live but since I was around the area, decided to try this place out because of it's insane amount of reviews. Considering the ratings, was a bit surprised at it's location and the ambience but you can't argue with good food and good value.. . got the 4 tacos with the chicken and the bulgogi, an imported pepsi, and something like a burrito. It was a lot of food, tasty and very inexpensive so I understand the good ratings. Probably stop by if Im near the area.
I had the spicy pork and chicken with rice when I came for the first time and it was good. Very tiny hole in the wall but the food was good, I would go back again.
Hmm Komex is still awesome, but they have changed up a few things which really put the place over the top since I last stopped by.. . Came by a few days ago with Pratik W. and noticed that the whole place looked different. They eliminated some booths and opened the place up which is good!.. . But sadly they have eliminated the Yelp check in offer for the free wontons. Really bummed me out - show love to your Yelp fans!. . Also, one of things which I loved which was the free bottled water has now been replaced by tap water. They used to serve water in a glass straight from one of those small Costco water bottles, now its tap. I understand that it may have been costly but tap water sucks and they could have at least gotten a Brita as some people do expect this.. . But of course the food is still awesome. Great fusion you can't get anywhere else!
Love the bulgogi fries! So much better than carne asada fries. Kimchee fried rice is so awesome too! Reasonable prices and they give you lots of food. My hubby & I had enough leftovers for the next two days.
I had just landed at LAS and my friends picked me up at the airport. My first stop in Vegas was KOMEX. . . It's in a small shopping center and has limited parking. We go inside and there are about 8-10 tables maybe?? They greet us as we enter and asked if we'd like to dine in or get carry-out. We dine in and they let us choose where we would like to sit. We satdown, looked over the menu and got chips & dip, bulgogi fries, bulgogi taco, chicken taco and kimchi fried rice wth a fried egg on top. . . Everything was UHh-may-zing. bulgogi tacos came on corn tortilla with really fresh pico de gaillo type of toppings--diced tomatoes, white onions, cilantro, red and white cabbage.  We asked for hot sauce and they brought over a spice tray, which is amazing for us spicy-hot lovers. I was expecting Tobasco sauce but they came out with red chili mix sauces (total of 4 on a tray). We tried every single one of them and they aren't too spicy but they still have some kick to it and were very flavorful.  Bulgogi fries came out with fries at the bottom, topped with bulgogi and melted cheese and the usual toppings. SOOOO good. the fries weren't soggy (yet) and it came with jalapeno peppers, which was an awesome bonus. The Kimchi fried rice was spectacular. It came out a little later since they cook everything to order.  It was hot, it was spicy, kimchi was good and slighly crunchy, and it was really delicious. I highly recommend this dish.. . The server was very attentive to us and everyone else there. She was really nice and checked up on us frequently. It was about 3pm when I arrived, so perhaps they weren't all THAT busy during that time.  But people came trickling in.  I saw that other people ordered burritos, which looked good from afar. Next time I visit Las Vegas, I gotta stop by here again and try the other items.
Korean/Mex fusion is not a new thing. But this place has got the recipe down. I came with Angela and we both ordered some bulgogi tacos and shared the nachos.. . The nachos hands down is amazing. Really amazing. You can absolutely come here and just order this as your only meal. Or, get some bulgogi tacos. Yeah they're good. Not the best I've ever had. Wish they made their own tortillas but almost no does in the States. But you get a ton of food on one taco.. . Oh yeah, take a look at the pic I took. Its unique, I was amazed that no one else has taken this pic and posted it. It's not food, it's the sign about KoMex not being fast food. Seriously, this sign says it all. I think out of principle, I'd eat and support any place that has an equivalent sign.
Tasty and unusual, but far from healthy is a decent way to start.  This tiny restaurant combine a Korean Chef and a Mexican Chef who magically mix two cultures into one interesting flavor combination.  Everything I have tried so far has been tasty, but leaves me feeling a little greasy afterwards.  Good lunch, but get there early or you will NOT get a seat.  Definitely worth a try if your want something new and interesting.  Delicious food!
Went to KoMex for the first time for my friends birthday...one word DELICIOUS. Once my friend mentioned the place I checked it on yelp and the ratings were 4 to 5 stars so I was pretty excited to check the place out and try the food. . . For starters we ordered the bulgogi fries and nachos both half orders. Beef bulgogi kimchi fried rice, combo fried rice, spam musubi that we all shared. The fries were worth trying, as for the nachos they were good as well. But if I had to pick between the two to try its woulddefinitely be the fries. The kimchi fried rice was delicious, especially being a kimchi lover. The combo fried rice came with veggies, beef, and shrimp which was good. . . If you haven't been here you definitely have to try this spot out, worth spending some bucks on.
Very much a hole in the wall. Very unique and very good. I ordered 3 different types of fusion tacos and all of them came out really good. I'm very big on vegetables and those were loaded with cabbage, tomatoes and etc. Very good. Prices are reasonable. Would recommend.
Having just moved to Las Vegas from The Bay Area, I wanted to try something new and delicious. Enter KoMex. Now, I am as Mexican as it gets. And being so close to San Francisco's Mission District and San Jose's East Side, I was blessed with some of the best Mexican food in the United States, so of course my palette tends to be a bit critical when it comes to Mexican dishes.. . That said, this place was actually really good! We were seated promptly and during out stay we were approached twice and asked if everything was fine. Now that's pretty awesome customer service. . . My friend ordered the fusion flautas and I ordered the bulgogi burrito. I had a flauta and it was delicious. Very crunchy and flavorful. My burrito was pretty big and it was really good but I felt that it was missing sour cream. I mean, who the hell eats their burrito without "crema mexicana" or failing that, normal sour cream? Not a bad overall burrito but definitely not game changing and not amongst the best I've had. But again, my standards are ridiculously high.. . They ended the service with orange slices and fortune cookies. Which was a nice touch. And over all the meal ended up being less than $20 for the two of us. Score!. . I'll definitely be back. Maybe next time I'll get some of those flautas or try something else on their really yummy looking menu.
Great mix of flavors, I had the bulgogi nachos with kimchi, the other people at my table were blown away by how good i their burrito was.
I broke my Komex cherry yesterday. Went for a late lunch yesterday so I kept it small. We split some Bulgogi nachos which were Fan Tastic! I had the fusion sliders(with Bulgogi). Two nice sized sliders loaded with meat. Bulgogi is well seasoned and so flavorful! I need a return trip to try the spicy pork.
I was craving some messy goodness so I decided to come here since there has been so many positive reviews.  . . SERVICE BREAKDOWN:. When we first walk through the door, there were 4-5 seats with 2 people already seated.  I thought there was a line so I sat and waited to be asked how many in my party, etc.  Nobody stopped by, nobody acknowledge that we walked through the door.  . . After waiting about 5 minutes, I finally asked the 2 people next to me if they were waiting to be seated since they just got done cleaning 2 tables and was told no, and that they were here to pickup their take out.  I was extremely unhappy since I was starving and really wanted food!  I actually reconsidered going somewhere else to eat... . . I finally had to stop a waitress and told her I needed a table for 2 and she told me to wait a few minutes.  Thankfully a minute later we were seated.  . . After all that misunderstanding, the service quality quickly turned around.  The waitress, who I believe is the wife, was friendly and polite.  All the staff stopped by our table throughout the meal to make sure we liked everything and check if we needed anything else. . . FOOD BREAKDOWN:. Chips and Salsa (complimentary) - I really loved that the chips were made there and not the typical store bought ones.  The salsa and guca was not spicy which was fine since we werent told that it was spicy.  I did like that they had a spice tray (similar to the ones you would see in a Thai restaurant) so you can really make it spicier if needed ^_^. . Fusion Chimichanga (Fried Burrito topped with Enchilada Sauce, Marinated Cabbage, Onions, Cillantro, and PIco de Gallo) - I picked the Spicy Pork as the meat of choice for this dish and it was flavorful but had no kick to it whatsoever.  I will say for the price ($7.99) the size was completely worth it ^_^ It was pretty much the size of my head which was totally awesome!  The chimichanga was loaded with the topping and served on a warm plate.  This is not something you cant eat with your hands!. . Fusion Bulgogi Nachos (Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno, and Korean Hot Sauce) - We did a half order and I wished i got the full! This was my favorite thing out of the two items.  I wish other restaurants made their own chips cause it was what made the dish!!  I loved that you can add Kimchi without any additional cost!  It was so delicious that I need to go back and order this again.
I love this place. I usually order bulgogi fusion taco or chicken taco. Their bulgogi fries is the bomb. The reason I gave four instead of five is they are little stingy on their kimichi. Last time I ordered 6 taco and they only gave us tiney little cup of it.
fusion yummy. good tasting food. not sure if i went on a busy night or if they were short-staff'ed. a bit slow on the service, but oh well, yummy food.
Yummy!!! Who would've thought to combine Korean and Mexican food? Who would've thought it'd be so successful?! The kim chee fries and kim chee fried rice were amazing!!! Always always get the specials!! My girlfriend had the taco special for $1.90 and they were huge!
Read about this place for cheap eats os 2012 during my visit to Vegas. Place was not hard to find and so glad I made the trip out. The bulgogi nachos were amazing and the prices are really reasonable. The nachos were crisp and full of flavors. The bulgogi was so tender and juicy. The cheese was stringy and sweet. All the flavors blended together so well. Had the chicken taco which was amazing and tasted so authentic. Wish I could have one of these in my neighborhood because this would be weekly visit and definitely a drunkie's dream come true!
BeforeI tried Komex - which my brother has been raving about for years - I thought I hated "fusion."  Every fusion thing I had tried before was gross.  But, because it is my brother's favorite place, I went into it with an open mind.. . There are vegetarian options (tofu, veggies, bean & cheese), but it seems like this place is more of a winner for the meat-eaters.. . I had the cheese enchiladas (not fusion style) and the seasoned fries.  (The menu has fusion stuff, just Mexican stuff, Asian stuff, and American stuff.)  My plan was to make my own fusion - enchiladas and fries!  Who does that!  No one!  Fusion!  I got a side of kimchi as well, in case I felt like getting real nuts.  (My brother got a side of the stir fried kimchi ($2) and this is way better than the normal kimchi - go for it.). . The enchiladas by themselves were nothing special.  I think they had mozzarella cheese on them, which was weird.  There was just too much cheese in general.  Beans were good though.  I tried some bites with kimchi, and it was a winner.. . The fries were great though.  I put some of the sauces they give you on the fries, along with some of my side of kimchi, and they were booooommmmb.  This should be something you can order - feel free to call it "Leslie's Favorite." . . Because of this good experience, next time I'd be willing to try an actual fusion item - which is a big step because before Komex I had sworn off ever trying anything fusion again.. . Service was great, but I didn't like all the people waiting for a table staring me down while I was trying to enjoy my meal - put those suckers behind a screen or something!
Whew, let me tell you, if there is an open parking space: 1) park 2) Dash inside 3) get a table!. . This place is really popular.  So unique, too. On the surface, Korean/Mexican/Chinese fusion does not sound like it should work.  Well, as you can tell by the reviews & ratings, it does work & work well.. . Also, come hungry, because the portions are, ahem, large.  Cheap, too!  Lotsa food & cheap, what every growing boy needs, right?. . I had a Pork Bulgogi taco & Chicken bulgogi fried rice.  The classic, eyes too big for my stomach situation.  The taco was tasty & spicy, with a mild sweetness (bulgogi, of course). It was pretty big for a street taco, but, I think that is becoming the trend for street tacos. The chicken fried rice was more than plentiful, with chicken, egg, carrots, peas, & scallions.  Some ginger & garlic in there, too I think.  Light on the soy sauce which is a welcome change from street corner Chinese fare.. . The place itself is pretty tight on space & the food takes a bit to prepare, but this is not fast food.. . If you're in the area, you owe it to yourself to drop in & try.
Bulgogi burrito.  It makes total sense.  And the spam musibi - heaven.
Just a great value. Good food for a great price with great service. Definitely a "do over"!
We ordered the beef fried rice and four fusion tacos (chicken and pork). The pork had more flavor but both were good, we had no complaints. You have a choice of different sauces you can add on your item which really kicks up the flavor a notch! Best part; complimentary chips and salsa/guacamole! Plus our bill was less than 15$
Here's the thing:  I liked the food at KoMex and thought that all of the food was solid.  I'm just a little confused at the overwhelming amount of support that comes off of the Yelp-o-sphere at how amazing this place is.  I mean, it's good, but is it really earth shattering like so many Yelpers make it out to be?  Perhaps it's because I'm a resident of LA - the undisputed progenitor of Korean/Messican fusion food - that I've become somewhat blase to the whole scene...  for reference, your humble author cut his proverbial teeth on Jose Bernstein's Kimchi Burrito in 1996, a full 10 years prior to the inception of Kogi tacos.. . Anyway, since Corazon and I had anearly dinner reservation at the exxxcellent Lotus of Siam, we split a couple of tacos (bulgogi and pork belly) and a half order of the bulgogi fries.  As I said, the food was reasonably priced and everything was tasty.  I was surprised that they actually had table service at this restaurant, but all of the wait staff were friendly and approachable.  I am almost 100% certain that they are all close friends or family members of the owners.. . In summary, it's always great to see local restaurants succeed and it seems like KoMex is on their way up after reading signs of future franchise options.  Despite not being blown away by the food like many other Yelpers, I was pleased with the quality and price and I hope continued success in their future endeavors.
This restaurant has over 500 reviews and has nearly 5 stars so you'd have to be sorta not too smart not to understand that this is a good restaurant. . . The people who run the place seem very nice and are super accommodating. . . It is a little cramped but the tasty food makes up for having to nearly brush elbows with the person next to you. . . When I'm in Vegas, I will be back!. . Oh, I had the bulgogi and rice which was delish but I have to say that I did miss all the side items that usually accompany traditional Korean restaurant meals.
I FINALLY made my way to KoMex after long anticipation and boy, did it live up to its hype! . . I stopped in after finding myself on "that" side of town and had luckily arrived ten minutes shy of their opening time. My guy and I sat in the car to wait until the clock struck 11. As we did, I noticed car, after car, after car pull into the parking lot. I kept eying the rearview mirror saying aloud, "I wonder if they're going to KoMex..." As I watched the first car full of people make their way towards the KoMex door, I jumped out of the car and dashed for the door (I entered first by the way). . . We took our seats and browsed through the menu. While there were many items on the menu I wanted to try, we agreed that we HAD to try something off the fusion side. We decided on sharing an order of the Bulgogi fries and musubis on the side (the latter selection mainly due to the fact that I have a man from the islands). So, the place filled up within minutes of being there and while we waited, we were served homemade chips that were warm, crisp, not too salty, not too greasy. Just my style. . . The fries arrived first and man, were they delicious! The mixture of flavors of everything atop the mound of goodness was perfect-- It somehow tasted as though you topped off an order of Gordon Biersch's garlic fries with perfectly cooked bulgogi. Let me tell you, it tasted better than an order of Roberto's carne asada fries after a night of intoxication. The musubis arrived shortly after and didn't disappoint. I've actually never seen them molded the way they did-- they were wider and flatter than other places usually make them. . . Two things I did observe during my visit which is the only reasons why I didn't tack on that extra star:. 1) As a holder of a food handler's card with lots of knowledge of food handling, I did observe one of the workers wearing the same pair of food handler's gloves the ENTIRE time I was there. The same pair was used to scoop ice, serve drinks, serve food, get items from the back, move the kitchen curtain, etc. I received a plate with a little bit of food on it as well as the drink I ordered having remnants of food that wasn't mine. . 2) I should've chosen my seat differently. I sat in a position directly across from the opened gate that separates the little prep counter with the customer seating. This gave me full view of the large garbage can that I wish I hadn't had view of during my entire meal. Next time, I'll sit elsewhere. . . Can't wait to return!
What can I say? This place is great!. . Korean-Mexican fusion. My review will focus on two items on their menu: Pork Belly Taco and Bulgogi Burrito.. . Pork Belly Taco. This dish was amazing. In no way did they skimp out on the taco itself. It was full of meat and veggies. The pork belly was deliciously succulent but not too fatty-feeling and the combination of lettuce to spices complimented the pork in the corn tortilla. perfect.. . Bulgogi Burrito. Sweet, moist and succulent! yes this burrito was awesome. It had just enough sweetness from the bulgogi's marinade to accent on to the mexican rice within the burrito. Ok i'm getting hungry just thinking about it.. . If you're in vegas this is a must try!. . It's missing a star because it closes at 9 pm :( boo I wish it was open later!
I love both Mexican food and Korean food.  Nothing can really go wrong here.  I love the menu, the food, the price and the service at KoMex.  I wish it's closer to home and work but beggers can't be choosers.  I told my boss about it, and it's one of her favorite places for lunch now.. . Favorites:  Pork Tacos, Beef Tacos, free chip & salsa starter, prokkimchi fried rice. Friends' favorites:  Pork Tostada, Fulgogi Fries. Taste great but look like a heard attack:  Chimichanga
I''m not going to repeat what so many already know about KoMex.. . My favorite thing(s) to eat here are the fusion tacos...5 stars!  I also enjoy their trio of sauces/salsas. . Honestly not a fan of their kimchi fried rice...uber greasy!  It gets 2 stars.  The signature bulgogi nachos also weren't as good as I was expecting...3 stars.. . Great waitresses & the food comes out in a reasonable time considering how busy it gets.  People call in to go orders when the doors open.  I always manage to get here right as they open, so I haven't dealt with any wait time.  However, the place is always filled up with customers waiting by the time I am done eating.  FYI...they DO take reservations.
Enjoyed the fusion tacos.  The place was empty when we arrived for lunch but quickly became packed and there was a line of people waiting for a table out the door.  It's nothing fancy on the inside but the food was delicious.  Planning on going back to try some different menu items.  Just remember they aren't open on Mondays!
KoMex is very different. For one, despite the very affordable meal, you get the sitdown restaurant treatment, menus and tables and all, when they could easily have made us fall in line food-court style for the quality they're delivering for the price-point. Even just the crisps they serve you when you first are seated are generous, considering your bill will likely over around $4-$7 per person by the end of it.. . The service is very friendly, warm, but efficient, which makes this very busy and small establishment more cozy than hectic. That was unexpected, too.. . More unexpected was the fact that I actually liked their tacos - the seafood was very good, not quite fantastic, but definitely good. The textures could have stood to be more sharp and firm, but it did make for a pretty nice cohesive taco. It was a little bit on the harsh side, with the combination of strong spices and strong citrus, but it's a nice tasteful kick instead of being outright offensive. Besides the tacos, the bulgogi fries were very, very good too, and the water was ice cold and frequently filled. . . I'm not a taco person by any means, but these are tacos I'll definitely eat, especially at a bargain like this, and with such a cute, welcoming, clean, but very casual set-up like this. Definitely very different.
I'm an avid foodie, who also unfortunately has a gluten intolerance.  However, I know that Mexican food tends to be safe, so I figured that if my husband and I went here during our trip to Vegas, there would at least be something I could eat.  . . We arrived about 10 minutes before open, and I'm glad that we did.  The place filled up very fast.  The great thing about this place is that because everything is made fresh, I was able to verify what items contained gluten.  My server was unsure of which fusion meats were marinated in soy sauce, but he promptly got the owner who was able to answer all of my questions.  . . I was disappointed to find out that all of the fusion meats have soy sauce, except for the pork.  The Kimchi unfortunately has soy sauce too.  So my options were semi-limited, but  I was thrilled with the fact that I could still try some fusion food.  . . I had the Bulgogi Nachos with pork and my hubby had the Fusion sliders with pork. His sliders looked fantastic and he was very happy with the heat.  My nachos were  phenomenal.  I loved that the chips were nice and thick, and therefore didn't get soggy.  The tast of the sweet/spicy pork with the cheese, pico, and hot sauce was unlike any other nachos that I've ever eaten.  . . The star of the show was definitely the sauce that the pork is marinated in.  I loved the sweet/spicy/sesame flavor.  I tried to ask the owner what was in it, and he advised that his brother makes it on site, and that it's a secret recipe.  My hubby and I loved it so much that we bought some to take home with us back to Arizona.  I was hoping to duplicate it, but so far no luck.  . . The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five is because I was disappointed so many menu items have soy sauce in them, and are therefore off limits to me.  But the food that I did have was absolutely outstanding.    . . We both enjoyed our meal so much that we have decided that KoMex is a must on all of our future trips to Vegas.  We even wanted to stop by before leaving town, but couldn't due to bad planning.  This was actually one of the highlights of our entire trip and I can't wait to come back, even if it's just to try those tasty nachos again.
It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican is outta sight. Hit it!. . I wanna eat right now. I'm Greg N, and I came to chow down. This place is not internationally known. But on the Yelp App on your new iPhone. It's near the top and so highly rated. In Las Vegas: and that's going to be debated. After you order, they give you fresh cooked chips. With pico de gallo and guacamole dips. Some of the best chips that I've ever had. This free offering made me feel real glad. Order three tacos with beef bulgogi. Right on par with that truck called Kogi. Keep the flo' cuz. . It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican is outta sight. It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican isoutta sight. Hit it!.  . I can't believe that here in Nevada. I ate the most amazing fusion tostada. Thick "nurungji" shell at its base. The fried tortilla with rice replace. With spicy pork bulgogi on top. With shredded cabbage here they don't stop. Pico de gallo they placed on too. And gochujang hot sauce was the flavor glue. One of the best dishes I've had all year. It made me happy, it made me there cheer. It's like PSY and Carlos Santana collaborating. On a megahit song. I'm celebrating. If you go here, order this dish. You will also say this is delish'. . It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican is outta sight. It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican is outta sight. Hit it!. . Now the bulgogi fries are just OK. Not amazing as other Yelpers may say. And the kimchi fried rice was so-so. Many other places for kimchi fried rice would go. Just skip these two and just get. The tostadas and the tacos and you'll be set. Once you get a-hold of these two plates. And you chomp into the food so great. You'll be throwing your hands in the air. And waving them like you just don't care. KoMex is a foodie find. Get off of the buffet grind!. . It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican is outta sight. It takes two to make a food so right. Korean/Mexican is outta sight. Hit it!
I've been wanting to try Komex since I read such great reviews on here, and finally I made the leap.  We ordered the full order of combo fried rice, a small cheese quesadilla, a burrito with chicken, and a bulgogi chimichanga at the chefs recommendation.  The chimichanga was mouth watering, so good that the burrito seemed flavorless!   The fried rice was also surprisingly good, my daughter ate it like it was the best meal she'd ever had.  The quesadilla was cooked just right with tasty cheese, but the burrito is where the meal fell short.  It was the first of our order brought to the table, and wasn't hot inside as I expect food to be, but reheated the next day was a nice left over meal!. . I will def be frequenting Komex, and the chimichanga will be a staple!
Mmm, I think I could eat here everyday!  So far, tried the torta, sliders and kimchi fried rice. All yummy! . Found a bone sliver in my bulgogi once, but won't that that ruin it for me. . Go early or prepare to wait!. Staff is more busy than friendly, but once you sit down and order, your food comes out pretty quick - and did I mention yummy?. I'd give this place one more star if the place could accommodate all the people who eat here and they had enough help who didn't seem uptight all the time. . It's stressful wondering if you'll have to wait (& how long) for a seat every time you come here.
I love Korean food. And I love Mexican food, how awesome is it to combine the two? Well, it's really good!!. . Definitely must-try's are Bulgolgi fries, even the half size is very big... lots of fries with jalapenos, cheese and bulgogi- it's a very savory and filling mix. And OMG, the kimchi fried rice was HELLA good, greasy, but that's because it's fried. The fried rice packed a lot of flavors in every bite, my favorite dish here! If you want a healthier option, the chicken fusion burrito is delicious and feels very light. The chicken tasted like it was lightly grilled or boiled, but something about it made it very moist, yet very healthy (non-greasy). The salsa in the burrito is really refreshing!. . The restaurant is a little crowded. The workers are sooo nice and pretty attentive. The prices are really good considering the amount you get. . . Just fyi, if you want spices, you have to ask for it. :). . They also give you chips, salsa, and guacamole when you come in.
I dance at the studio next to KoMex on Wednesday nights so its a quick eat b4. I always order the Calamari tacos with coleslaw. It's still excellent and so busy. My favorite dish is the Mongolian beef.
We had been meaning to try this place for a while, but weren't sure if it would be picky-eater (aka, the kiddo) friendly so we went while the wee one was away on vacation.. . It's tucked in a strip mall and the space is very small but it seems like a small operation so don't let that deter you from trying it out!. . The service was more like when you go to a friend's dinner party and they're running around all crazy trying to play host/hostess... a little chaotic and sporadic but they get the job done.  Also, they are very friendly!. . The food was great.  I had chicken fusion taco, the hubs had chicken fried rice, and we split the fusion bulgogi fries.  They also bring you chips and salsa to snack on while you peruse the menu.  The chicken bulgogi in the taco was delicious (btw, they are wee tacos,  so if you want to try different kinds, you could probably order 3 and have an entree-sized meal), I really enjoyed it.  We had a half order of the fries and it was plenty for 2 adults (and we both are pretty good eaters).  The fried rice was better than your standard take-out fried rice, and the hubs didn't cover it in soy sauce like he usually does.  . . All in all, the food is great, next time I might just call in an order and pick it up.. . They also had a note on their menu that the menu has been truncated to allow for expansion....  no indication of where the other location will be, I hope it's closer to me though!
Good place to stop for lunch.  Nice menu and very friendly folks.  Ordered the BBQ sliders and they are really big and tasty!  I could only eat one after the complimentary chip, salsa and guac.  My son had several of the tacos and they were all great.
I see why this place is so popular, the idea of Korean food and Mexican mixed into one seems weird, but once you try there taco's! Yummy!
We found this on a random list of things to eat in vegas.  The writer recommended the Bulgogi Fried Rice (Jim's Rice)....and it was so delicious. We also had the Fusion Chimichanga and it was just as tasty!  Atmosphere was just so so, but the food and friendly staff made up for anything that atmosphere lacked.  The portions were ample and the price was hard to beat.  We're in Vegas for a few more days and may just venture back for seconds!
This place is amazing. A small restaurant with a great mexican/korean mix.  Anything with the bulgogi meat is delicious. There is a reason it's rated so high on yelp and it's not because of the high population of a korean/mexican mix. . . If you don't try this place at least once while visiting Las Vegas you have significantly diminished your experience there. If you are a local and don't go here on a somewhat regular basis, move to Idaho. . . Trust me, you'll love it and if you don't then you don't love america.. or mexico... or korea.
Little else can be said about KoMex other than get here as soon as you can. The flavors and the textures are a party in your mouth. . . Come really hungry because you're going to want to "overdo it" and order way more than is reasonable for a party of your size. . . You'd be wise to only look at the "Fusion Specialties" section of the menu. Our bellies were so happy:. - Bulgogi nachos - hot damn! These might be my 'last meal'. - The four hot sauces available on the table:  unique, not too spicy, flavor packed (you're going to want to put them in your bag/purse). - Fusion wings - extra crispy, only slightly spicy and slightly sweet - perfect to share. - Fusion flautas - YUM, everyone seemed to be ordering these, so we did too. - Fusion enchiladas - also yum, although we couldn't tell which enchilada was which meat (we ordered the combo) . . If you're visiting Vegas and have a rental car, this place is 120% worth a visit. . . I'd dish out five Yelp Stars if it weren't for the woman who was our waitress - who aslo seemed to be the manager. She had a bit of an attitude that put us off and also constantly yelled at the other staff (in front of customers).
If my friend hadn't suggested we eat here, I don't think I ever would've known to or wanted to try this place out, especially since it's located so far off the strip. The place is located in a small mall, where the you have to either make a turn in advance or make a U-turn, and to be honest, I was kinda "eh" about the place when we pulled up to the restaurant. Once I walked in though, the food smelled SO GOOD! and the workers were so nice and patient with our large group. They were so nice and very accommodating to us, which allowed me to have a great first impression of this restaurant and forget about their slightly tacky Asian themed business sign out front.. . They have fusion items on their menu, and they have strictly Korean or Mexican. I tried their Bulgogi Cheesesteak with fries and despite how messy it was to eat, it tasted delicious! We also got Bulgogi Fries to share, which tasted alright to me, but in my opinion, it wasn't anything to die for. I like how you can request to add kimchi to any item we order. I should've added that in to my sandwich!. . All in all, food was good, price was right, service was awesome :) I think I'd come back if I'm in the area!
Yes I'm updating but keeping the same rating.   Man has this place really gotten busy since the time they opened!   Came back to dine-in for the first time in over a year, and there was a 10-15 minute wait, and this was later in the afternoon (1:30).  Service was friendly, but they really could have used more help.  The waitress seemed a little frantic and it seemed like several people were at all times trying to get her attention.. . The food was as good as the first time I'd eaten there and the price still can't be beat.  Got 3 tacos and a Voss water and it was roughly 6-7 bucks total.   From my standpoint and from what I've had, the tacos are definitely the way to go still.   Choose your three meats and make sure you have the condiments at your table and go to town.   . . Maybe their new location will help the overcrowding and MINOR service issues which are the only things keeping this last visit from being a 5 star experience.
I don't know what it is, but I really enjoy checking out fusion places. . . I've been to KoMex a few times now. This most recent visit I brought some first-timers with me & of course I had to order the bulgogi nachos to give them a taste of this place! My friends had a fish taco, fusion enchilada plate with chicken & a fusion burrito with bulgogi. Sadly, they mixed up the meats for the burrito & enchilada. One friend got a nice surprise, the other.. not so much. Yours truly decided to order the pork belly musubi & a (yes, singular) fusion flauta. I was a little disappointed with the pork belly musubi. Two pieces took up the whole plate. I could barely hold it, so I used my fork & picked at the pieces. My fusion flauta was pretty tasty though, so I was satisfied.  . . I love the bulgogi nachos/fries! I'm glad that you can order half orders now. Definitely coming back when I have my next craving for them.  ..which might be soon.. :)
The atmosphere is very casual very mom and pop. But who cares cause it's the FOOD you're really here to enjoy! The service is solid the people are friendly and you cant beat the price. We got there at about 5:30pm on a Wednesday and the place was full.. . We ordered the bulgogi nachos and the bulgogi burrito. The meat in the burrito was sooo tasty and the combination for the rice and beans and salsa mmmmm mmmmm good! The nachos...seriously I cant really remember cause we WOOFED it down sooo fast!!!  I was worried that the hot sauce would be too spicy so I asked for it on the side but it was just enough kick and it fused everything together!. . I recommend to order a variety of dishes and do family style on your first visit so that way you can taste a little bit of all the tasty goodness....I could have just eaten the free chips salsa and guacamole all day....its not your regular chips but I wont give it away...just go and try it! . . This was definitely a winnah winnah chicken dinnah!!! (waving my shaka in the air). Thank you mark m for the recommendation!
Korean/Mexican fusion? Who woulda thought of that but I'm glad someone did. Pretty good. . . My brother brought me and my gf here. He had the bulgogi nachos (huge portion), my gf had the fusion chimichanga w/pork and I had the combo flautas (all 3 meats with cheese then fried).. . I tried everything and all were good even the free chips and salsa. If we make it back here I'd get the fusion chimichanga.. . Service is friendly and very helpful if it's your first time.
The place is small and tables are close together so be prepared to hear the conversation going on at the table beside you...other than that, and the lack of parking due to it being in a strip mall...the place is great!. . The food was amazing.  Complimentary chips and guacamole (small portions size, but enough to hold you over until your food arrives). Of course the begogi fries are a must have and the fusion chimi is delicious.   The service was good, there is a board informing you that KoMex is NoT fast food so be prepared to wait a little while.  The wait is worth it!
Went because we were at a basketball tournament nearby. Had good Yelp reviews so gave it a try.. . Everyone really liked it. I had a pork belly taco and it pretty much ruled. Beef noodles were awesome too!  Wanna come back and try the burrito.
Its good, a hole in the wall. But slightly over-rated I think. Nice selection, but the tacos and burritos are not as good as Kogi or the other knock-off places. Usually has a long wait.
Bulgogi tacos & Korean pork tacos with kimchi are excellent. The wonton appetizers were great too. Lucky local Vegas residents to have this place in the neighborhood.
I was lucky enough to try the kim chi fried rice when a friend brought it home to go. So after nearly a year of anticipating the fusion goodness, My BF and I ventured to the other side of town and ordered the Bulgogi Fries and Kim Chi fried rice with chicken. . . It's a hole in the wall shop that boasts flavors and service very unmatching with the decor, It got pretty busy and the food that was laid out on either side of us looked and smelled amazing. . . I can't wait to go back!
Good food on the cheap. A little far from where I live but if I'm around the area, I'd stop by again. I ate the taco's and it was filling.
The Mongolian Beef was the BEST item on the menu, but they no longer serve it because of Franchising issues. This hole in the wall still offers great food such as the calamari tacos and the bulgogi fried rice. However, dont take the service personally from the asian male since he is not qualified to be in the front line. The ladies are nicer and have front line experience.
This is a tiny little hole in the wall in a strip mall on North Decatur. I have been reading about on Yelp for a long time, finally decided there was no time like the present to try this restaurant. . . There are maybe about 10 tables. We came early which is good, because as dinnertime approached it became much busier.. . All the food was absolutely wonderful. I had the bulgogi plate with chicken and pork belly. Very nice. The carne asado tacos were so good I'll definitely have to order them next time we come back. . . All food is prepared completely from scratch, to order. So, it may take a little while to get your food, but wow, well worth the wait! Service was fantastic, very efficient, and prices were beyond reasonable for the quality of food we enjoyed. We'll be back!
Incredible tacos!!!! Beyond impressed with food quality. Staff was very nice and more than willing to help explain the menu.
WIth all the rave reviews on yelp, my friends and I thought we'd give it a try. . . The restaurant is pretty small, and rather crowded with other yelpers. Expect to wait a few minutes for a table to clear up or order take out. . . The food was decently priced for the portions you were given. The bulgogi burrito was amazingly delicious, and I would recommend it to any first timers going to komex. Sharing fries was a good decision, as it took 3 of us to finish the plate. . . We had to pay at the counter, like a school cafeteria, but that was most likely because of the limited staff. . . Good food, good price, not the best environment.
Solid spot. The food is delish! Had the bulgogi chimichanga and the bulgogi fries. The meat was so good and flavorful and went along so well with the Mexican flavors. My chimi was HUGE! and loaded with sour cream, gauc, tomato and lettuce. And how can you go wrong with the bulgogi meat on the fries, again loaded with all the toppings. Next time I'm trying the bulgogi cheesesteak.... . I gave 4/5 stars due to wait time and also the ambiance leaves a little to be desired. Staff was great and very friendly though! Definitely will be back for more.
I really didn't know what to expect from this place. The combination of Korean and Mexican didn't immediately appeal to me, but the reviews were good so I figured I should give it a try. It is up the street from Meadows Mall in the corner of a strip mall. Which made me even more leery.  On the plus side, it was pretty packed on a Wednesday night...a good sign right?. . They serve house made chips, salsa, & guacamole while you wait. We ordered chicken fried rice, flautas, and a cheesesteak. Everything was pretty delicious and made to order. The service was good. The bill came to under $25 and we had enough left over for another meal.. . This place is pretty small, but definitely worth checking out. We will be back!!
This place is pretty hidden, but thank goodness for GPS, because it's literally in the corner of the plaza that it's located at. When entering inside, everything is plain, but don't expect the food to be the same way either...Well except the bulgolgi beef.. . I knew exactly what I wanted when I went inside, so I went ahead and got the fusion burrito along with chicken. Once done ordering, I paid and waited for my order. They definitely take their time making your food and I'm not complaining at all.In fact, I like that, it shows that they really need to prepare their food. About 15 minutes of waiting later and my burrito was ready. . . The burrito is pretty thick and like most other places, but upon taking a bite, things were a lot different. It definitely gives off the KBBQ-esque taste with the kimchi, rice, and the beef. There's a nice spiciness to it and everything was great. I was sad that the wrap fell apart though and all of the food started spilling. (Luckily, not that much fell to the floor, because I was salivating the whole time I was eating it.). . The beef is plain though and is comparable to a $10 all you can eat KBBQ, but if you're going to compare the beef with those kinds of places, have a reality check. This isn't necessarily a KBBQ restaurant now is it? It's a Korean/Mexican fusion and it does a much better job than the Kogi Taco Trucks back home in California.. . The burrito also came with a fortune cookie and mine said that with every burden comes a blessing? My burden today? Finishing my burrito, but the blessing is knowing that I finally found a place I really enjoy while living in Vegas. I'll definitely come back in the future to try more of the menu, including those fries.
Alright this place is a definite regular go to for me and my companions for primarily two reasons 1) food is deeeelicious 2) prices are super duper reasonable. . . First, after you order, you get complimentary chips with salsa and guac, which is already hard to not like. Also, while, I haven't tried everything on their menu--recently, they added more to their repertoire including pork belly spam musubi, which was really really tasty. The pork belly was just the right amount of stomach fat (sorry if that sounds unappetizing) and meat, and cooked so that it was slightly crispy on the edges, but still able to melt in your mouth alongside a bite full of rice and seaweed. Other than that, my go to's are usually the fusion tacos, or fusion---anything and I usually get the spicy pork. The bulgogi is good, but it's a little to sweet for me, so I opt for the pork, which is just the right amount of heat. Also, another fave of mine to add onto everything is their homemade chili sauce thing? I'm not sure what it is? But it has bits of, what looks like, kimchi and chili paste and it hits the spot every time! . . The only critique I have is.....they don't serve alcohol LOL. Not that I'm an avid drinker, but sometimes it'd be nice to have an ice cold beer while eating my Korean-Mexican fusion tacos. . . Lastly...if you, like myself, drink water/non-sugary drinks like a camel, I recommend ordering regular ice tea. It's less than $2, I think, and the glass is way huger with unlimited refills...and for some reason they refill these faster!
what can I say about this place? It's damn good.. one server in the place but she had two people helping her.. She has it down tho..I watched her go from table to table taking orders and answering question about the menu... . Her answer to the food.. "ITS BOMB".. and it definitely was.. . a "half order " of bulgogi nachos can feed two... bulgogi tacos. and a bulgogi burrito.. tasted all three..all were "BOMB". . I can't wait to go back again.. that is all.
Lives up to the hype but I don't know about 5 stars.  Great hole in the wall and prices!
K.O. turned me on to this place as she knows I love korean food and mexican food.. . I had the Pork Belly Chimichanga with pork belly. This was melt in your mouth good.  The outside was crispy and flakey just how a chimichanga should be. the inside was seasoned well and there was no shortage of meat. The top of the chimichanga was drenched in a delicious sauce along with melted shredded cheese, some lettuce and pico de gallo.. . I highly recommend the chimichanga here. Only thing that sucks is that the oil eventually hardens the bottom of the chimichanga crust and makes it difficult to cut.
Good impression fusion resto. The chili fusion hot sauce gives me the firemans sweat kind of hot!!! Love the bulgogi during my first visit, the upfront disclosure and neatness. I will definitely come back for more to try the other interesting palate enticing dishes!
Kimchi fried rice was so good. I didn't know what to expect since I have never tried kimchi, but this was amazing. I ordered the half size and had to share with my family since it was so big
No fuss. Asian fusion. Comfort food. Fast. . . My fiance and I decided to try this place out after having this place bookmarked for quite some time. We came in around 3pm and we got seated right away. We ordered the bulgogi fries, kimchi fried rice with pork and combo plate of bulgogi and spicy pork.We also got the free chips and salsa/guacamole. While we were devouring the chips, we decided to try the 4 different hot sauces that they have. One really stood out, it was like a combination of salsa and the Korean chili sauce, super yummy! . . When the food came out, we killed them all fairly quickly. We were already starving by the time we came in. Kimchi fried rice was definitely the star out if the things we ordered. It was very flavorful and had just the right amount of spiciness. The combo plate was just ok and a tad on the dry side. Bulgogi fries was pretty good, especially with the awesome spicy sauce added to it. We ordered all small sizes because we know that we won't be able to eat all of them in full sizes. The overall experience was good, the server was nice and the food came out pretty quickly. We were in and out in less than 35 minutes! That showed how hungry we were ;). . I'd definitely come back again. The only downside is that the location is quite far from the strip.
Felt like I was back in Pyeongtaek, Korea!! Had the bulgogi plate (the 1/2 was more than enough) and it was delicious. Nice price and nice service
I'd come back.. _____________________. Food Quality: 4. I've been to one other Korean and Mexican fusion, and it was a mess that put me off of the idea. This restaurant, and I'd come back to try the other dishes. They have a simple 2 page menu: the left page is fusion, the right page is mostly Korean fare. We got bulgogi nachos, which were like regular nachos with bulgogi and some sort of Asian spicy oil sauce (see picture). It tastes like they do their own chips. I also got an order of bulgogi, with fried veggies. The veggies had a light taste of asian stir fry. There is no soda fountain. I completely disagree with the '$' rating. For two entrees and two drinks, our bill was over $20, so it is more like '$$.'. +1 good food. . What I'd Get Here: Stick to the fusion. Bulgogi nachos.. _____________________. Service Quality: 4. The service was attentive, but not overly friendly. They have a giant banner warning you that the food may take awhile because they make it from scratch, but I would say that the deliver time was on par.. +1 attentiveness. . _____________________. Ambiance and Location: 3. This is off of Decatur and Washington, right off the freeway, so it's easily accessible. However, it's in a shady strip mall, and there is no other reason I could imagine going here. . +1 right off the freeway. -1 shady strip mall.. This would be a good place to take a: gourmand who wanted to try asian/mex fusion.. _____________________. Cleanliness: 3. On par cleanliness. Had less than a B rating (see below).. Health code rating: A. Was a B (3/4/11 and 8/31/11), but has surprisingly few demerits currently.. . Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(4.5) = 4
I do like the food here and it is a good price, but nothing really tastes that Korean to me.. . I have had the fusion flautas, the cheesesteak, and a fusion burrito.
Food was delicious. I def taste the fusion of Mexican and Korean. Flautas were bomb.com. Service-fast especially since it was busy. One of the servers was a little bit aggressive and felt she rushed us, after it, it was our first time. I def will come back.
Came to Vegas and a friend showed me this place. First time here and love the food. The only thing keeping me from giving a 5 star review would be the service. This is a small hole in the wall looking joint with amazing fusion food but the service disappointed me. The waitress was so aggressively in a hurry I simply just said ok to anything she said and she moved on. I understand the place is small with a lot of traffic and she does move fast, however, she rushed my table when ordering and no one appreciated that. Other than that this place is great.
This is the best MexKorean fusion place I've been to in a while.  Next time I im Vegas I will be coming back.  Food is awesome.
Even though I'm Korean, my BF has a bigger love for Korean food than I do. (And he's Vietnamese). . With that being said, he literally woke me up from my post-drunken slumber to eat some Korean/Mexican fusion for lunch. At first, I was really dreading the drive to god knows where just to eat some lunch when I could have just ordered room service and or just make the trip downstairs. But nooooo, the BF HAD to eat here for lunch!. . I was kind of in a grumpy mood by the time we arrived here because we drove a good 10 minutes outside the strip to some little hole in the wall joint.  Normally, I don't mind a good hole in the wall but I think I was still drunk and super hung over. The owners are Korean and they are very kind. They're English is very fluent but I still decided to speak to them in Korean which they really appreciated and liked. They moved fast which I really liked and the owner moves in the speed of light cleaning the tables, taking orders, and delivering food. Pretty good service!. . We received the menu and we ordered the musubis, tacos, and bulgogi fries. OMG. When the bulgogi fries arrived, I was in awe.  There was SO much stuff on it I just didn't even know where to begin. I dug right in and the flavors were very good! Surprisingly good! I really liked the mix of bulgogi, kimchi, jalapenos, and the fries.  It was a first for me actually to eat bulgogi fries! I've had carne asada fries and adoba fries but no bulgogifries! Supeerrrr good! A must get if you come!. . The tacos and musubis were also delicious! The restaurant does a great job of keeping the authentic Korean flavor while putting the Mexican twist using the typical Korean ingredients. I really enjoyed eating here for lunch.  My grumpiness quickly turned into happiness because I got myself a bomb.com lunch. (:
Thank you yelp software man.  'cha-ching'. This place was close to my son's soccer tournament in Las Vegas's Summerlin neighborhood. I needed a break from 'team food'. I pulled in and got 1 order each (two in each order) of spam and spam/egg. Large musubi with an 'obi' of wide nori seaweed. They were excellent and a meal unto themselves. . . 2 kalbi kimchi taco's were double corn tortillas fit the bill. It was more than Max and I could eat, late night back at the hotel. I would want to try their soups, if I was eating there. The hotspots and soups of Korea and Mexico go hand in hand with their use of spice and acidity (read vinegar). Next time...... . Highly recommended. Almost very table was full when I was there. The Korean gentlemen running the place does a great job! Thank you!!. . Summerlin, NV and the surrounding areas have been easy to navigate - pretty community. For you futbal fans, perfect pitches!!!
My friend has been trying to get me to try this place for a long time. I wish I would have come here long time ago. Great food at cheap prices. Must try pork belly tacos and bulgogi nachos!
