Fantastic!  There was six of us so we decided to do the 3 course meal, family style.  We started off with some beef tartare, a frisee salad, shrimp, and buffalo mozzarella, all of which were superb.  Then we were served 5 different cuts of steak, although I only had the filet mignon (medium) which was good.  Lastly, we were served a bunch of desserts, here I would recommend the cheese cake.  Soooooo yummy, by far the best I've had.  . . I only gave it four stars because the steak, or main course, could have been better..
I'm not a big eater of steak, so when I eat steak, it better be good. Craftsteak had the holy trifecta of steakhouse goodness--a wide selection of choices w.r.t steak (i.e. every cut, size, and cooking style you could want), delicious sides, and a hearty wine list. As I ate my braised short ribs (cooked for many hours in a low simmer of fatty goodness), sipped my malbec, and partook of the fingerling potatoes / baby spinach / kale / chanterelle mushrooms in the center of our table, I found myself drifting into a blissful state. The decorations are reminiscent of Chicago steakhouses--heavy on the dark colors, leather materials, and ruddy wooden tables and chairs. I felt encased in a womb of beefy goodness. If you're ever on the Strip, I recommend coming here for a strip...steak.
If you want great steak this is the spot. Very classy place. We had reservation at 10pm and the place was still packed. Service was very friendly and helpful.
I don't eat a lot of steak (at home or at restaurants), but this was pretty amazing taste-wise. I had a grilled NY Strip that was cooked to perfection (medium), tender as could be, and flavorful. I had the wild arugula salad, and our table had some other sides (fingerling potatoes, assorted mushrooms, etc.). The service was great--though we were a big group and put in a separate room (which was nice). Not having much to compare this to, I'm not sure how pricey it was, but my steak was $48.
Tom Colicchio...Please pack your knives and go...just kidding...you win!. . After seeing Tom, the judge on Top Chef, my wife and i decided to check out Tom, the chef at Craftsteak. We arrived around 6PM on a Saturday, and the restaurant was near empty, but by the time we left at 7:30PM, it was packed. So get their early.  Together we tried:. . (1) Spinach Persimmon Salad - i don't eat rabbit food at a steakhouse, but my wife thought it was good (??/5). (2) Wagyu Beef Tartare - the best thing i ate, share with at least 2 people(5/5). (3) Brussel Sprouts with Bacon - a little too salty, but delicious nonetheless (4/5). (4) Yukon Gold Puree - fancy and buttery, but still mashed potatoes (3.5/5). (5) Ribeye Steak - perfectly crispy on the outside, and tender and juicy on the inside (4.5/5). . The damage came out to $200 including tax and tip w/o drinks for two people.  The service was impeccable.  We were never without water, and there was someone checking in every 10-15 minutes to see if we needed anything.. . I would say the food is excellent, but on par with some of the other premium steakhouses I've tried.  I guess if money isn't a factor it would be nice,but considering us normal people.  I've had food just as good for less. 4.5 Stars
Overall, I would say that Craftsteak is definitely coasting a bit off the Tom Colicchio/Top Chef reputation, but still provides a great meal.. . We were excited for the seafood platter which unfortunately was a little disappointing.  I can't remember what types of oysters they gave us but they were a fairly bland and flavorless selection to put on our sampler.  The rest of the platter included shrimp, crab legs, littlenecks and a littleneck shell filled with some salty delicious caviar, but the only real highlight of the platter was the lobster salad, heavy on the citrus and with no trace of dairy, just the way it should be.  Still, I'd avoid this item in the future, despite an abundance of interesting accompanying sauces that I hesitate to use too heavily on delicate seafood items anyway.. . It would be a mistake for anyone to come here and not order the lobster bisque.  Unfortunately, not being lobster-crazed like much of this country, I made this mistake.  But the tastes I was given from friends' bowls revealed the most delicious, rich bisque I have ever had the occasion to try.  The bisque is overflowing with delicious lobster meat, and the base is just amazing, a well seasoned, creamy amalgamation of full but delicate lobster flavor, tarragon, and a level of complexity that allowed you to experience multiple different flavor changes across the few seconds that spanned each bite.. . Our steaks were delicious, although overpriced.  I think even in a great restaurant in Vegas, $60+ is really pushing the limit for a standard preparation of a classic NY strip.  Also, in a rare swap of personal preferences of certain intangibles, I think the sample I had of my friend's filet here may have beaten out my NY strip.. . The final highlight here was definitely the creamed spinach.  Made with a bechamel sauce, grated parmesan cheese and chili flakes, the spinach is an unbelievably rich, full and delicious side dish that carries just a tiny bit of kick which is unexpected and extremely welcome.  I cannot wait to try to replicate this dish at home!. . Our waiter was extremely kind to allow us to order a bottle of wine only listed on the by-the-glass menu and simply charge us as if we had ordered four glasses.  Two of these allowed us to kind of go all out ordering and still manage to keep the bill to $400 before tax and tip.  Less than we were expecting I suppose, but still pretty pricy.  Anyway, I probably wont be back, but mostly for the sheer volume of exciting cuisine in this city.
4.5 stars!. On your way to Vegas? Can't decide where to eat? Sushi, Italian, French, seafood, or even a famous Vegas buffet? With so many choices, a decision can be difficult. Let me give you a suggestion: How about Craftsteak? Craftsteak is fine dining, exquisite ambience, professional service, scrumptious food, and hearty portions. Yes, you will have to drop some serious scratch and, yes, you will need a reservation. Listen, if you have even to ask these two questions then this place is not for you. I'm talking about fine dining at an elite steak house on the Strip. If you don't understand what that consists of, please stop reading this and wasting your time (The 99 cent value meal from the golden arches and the two for one buffet are down the street).. Reservations were for a Friday evening at 7:15pm. Arrived approximately 7:10pm and was seated right away. Restaurant was packed. Hostess proceeded to seat us in an awesome booth in the corner of the dining room. Perfect view to see everything that was going down as well as everyone coming and going. At first glance the menu can be a little daunting, but with help from the knowledgeable server, ordering was a breeze. (Hint: Go with what they call the chef's menu) We decided on the Wagyu Beef menu-Three salads, three side dishes, two cuts of meat and three desserts.  We also had the audacity to order the Maine lobster a la carte. We decided to go this route instead of ordering the Wagyu surf and turf for one simple reason. With the surf and turf you don't get to choose your cuts of meat. The way we ordered, we got to choose our cuts of meat and still get the lobster. . After placing our menu selections we received homemade rolls, which were excellent. A few minutes later we received grilled prawns. Simultaneously my girlfriend and I looked at each other and promptlyinformed our server we did not order that particular dish. He informed us that each table receives a warm appetizer. I hate to say it, but the prawns were our least favorite dish. Not bad, but just could have done without. The salads followed and were absolutely spectacular. We ordered: the Persian cucumber, watercress and ginger; the wild arugula, shaved pecorino, and pine nuts; and last, but definitely not least, the Italian buffalo mozzarella with hazelnuts. All three were unbelievable.. At this point we were very satisfied with the quality of the food and service. But let's continue on to the main course. Our sides included kale with pancetta and navy beans, heirloom cauliflower with garlic, and faro with pork confit and wild mushrooms. All three were divine. The kale dish had a real southern flavor (and was my personal favorite of the side dishes).  The cauliflower dish was not only visually stunning but also delectable (the girlfriend's favorite side dish). The faro was absolutely delicious as well! As if you didn't know what was coming next. Yes, the MEAT. We ordered the Wagyu Filet Mignon and the Ribeye. Both cuts were cooked perfect (rare to medium rare). Tender, juicy, melt in your mouth goodness.. To be completely honest with you, words cannot and have not done this meal justice. Absolute culinary mastery. Except for one thing... what happened to the lobster? We never received the lobster. My girlfriend and I noticed early in our main course that the lobster was not there, but both of us decided not to say anything unless it ended up on the bill. (Maybe the server didn't hear our order correctly, or maybe another server grabbed the dish by accident and our server thought someone else brought it out. I don't know.)  But, we were both so full at this point I was actually secretly glad we didn't receive the lobster. I don't know if we could have eaten any more without bursting at the seams.. Dessert, oh sweet dessert! If you have read any of my other reviews you would know I am a big fan of French press coffee.  Craftsteak has one of the best French press coffees I have had. Next came FOUR desserts: Fresh fruit, Chocolate torte with homemade creme fraiche and orange marmalade, Mango basil and lemon sorbets, and Cinnamon Monkey Bread with Cinnamon Ice Cream! Are you effing kidding?! Heaven on earth! The cinnamon monkey bread was out of this world. Pure bliss!. Upon receiving the bill, I informed the server that we never received the lobster. He was very apologetic, adjusted the bill, and gave us the coffee on the house. Craftsteak was a memorable experience. I would love to give Craftsteak five stars, but just can't.  Five stars is perfection! If the prawns would have never come out of the kitchen and the lobster would have; Craftsteak would and probably could have achieved just that. Overall, I HIGHLY recommend Craftsteak for any occasion and would most definitely go back! . 10-4 good buddy. I'm out!
Service is good. Staff are attentive and knowledgeable.. . Food is good. My steak was cooked as I ordered it and was properly seasoned. My wife's chicken was succulent, not dry. Sides (asparagus and potato) were cooked correctly.. . I would suggest the chefs tasting menu but as my wife has different tastes than I, we didn't do it. It looks to be better value.
It was my birthday, and I wanted a tasty steak. I knew this ahead of time (that is, before my birthday), so I researched Vegas steakhouses, and was very intrigued by the menu at Craftsteak (particularly the side dishes), so I made a reservation for my boyfriend and me. . . We showed up at the scheduled time and were promptly seated at a spot between the door and the bar, which means it was kind of noisy. No big deal, though. The seating was quite comfortable, very living room-esque. I was okay with that. . . Because we have the unfortunate curse of being red wine haters, we started with champagne (err...sparkling wine) from Italy. It was some of the best I've had. In fact, I'd like more now.  While munching on the tasty garlic bread, we decided on what to order. I got the roasted pepper salad, Alan got the beet salad, and we decided to share a ribeye and kale. . . I know that a steakhouse should be primarily known for its steak, but I was entirely too impressed with the salads we got, especially my roasted peppers. I mean, I love me some roasted peppers in any context, but it tasted like they put crack in these or something. I wanted two or three more plates of them, but then I wouldn't have room for my steak. The beets were also fresh and tasty, and I got to try a pickled egg for the first time. (It came with the beets, and I approved.) . . Now, that ribeye. They said it was 16 ounces but it had to be more than that. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, just beautiful. The only thing was that my steak knife seemed pretty dull, so I had more difficulty than I'd expect cutting through the beef. That obviously didn't affect the taste, though. The kale had been braised with bacon and navy beans and had a great savory and bitter (but not too bitter!) flavor. . . We were so packed by the end of the meal that we couldn't finish all of the kale. However, it was my birthday, so I wanted to get dessert anyway. I knew that one of the big desserts was out of the question, so I got some of the chocolate malt ice cream, which was absolutely splendid. Most ice cream seemed to pale in comparison.. . Service was slightly slow at the beginning but was perfect after the courses started arriving. Overall, this was a lovely day to spend my birthday evening.
Steak, Chicken, mash potato, salads,  cheeses, bread, muffins, oh my! My girlfriends and I went to Vegas to celebrate the last "hurrah" for our single gal pal. The only thing she wanted to do was eat at this restaurant. We tried to make a reservation, but it was almost impossible to do. One of my girls had to sign two, not one, contracts to get a reservation. In addition, they weren't very specific about the details until the last moment. While that was annoying and very upsetting (hence the lost star), the food was incredible! OMG. I ate so much that I had to roll back to my hotel. The short ribs were so juicy and tender that I didn't even need a knife to cut them. The vanilla cheesecake is a must. The drinks were just awesome. A great selection of wine. When I go back to Vegas, I'll be back to eat at this place.
I was very impressed with this place. I have been to a lot of high end restaurants in Las Vegas and this one is on my list. The mixed drinks are great and the wine list is extensive. However, it is the first place that I have ever "dismissed" a Somelier. My family was shocked. The guy was a jerk.  There is a girl Somelier who is much better. Always make sure to tip your Somelier.
Once again you did not disappoint CRAFTSTEAK. We were so excited to take our friends here but also concerned whether we had over-hyped our first experience here. . . We did the 3 course wagyu tasting (grade 7 meats) for $140pp. However among us four, they allowed us to do 3 orders which was more than enough food. . . To start off, they have these fresh mini sweet buns that are served fresh from the oven-melt in your mouth yummy.. . Next 4 appetizers were served: prawns, buffala mozzarella & hazelnut, frissee salad with blue cheese & bacon( delicious, one of our favorites), wagyu tar tare.. . Next came the wagyu filet mignon, rib-eye, and the New York strip. Of course, the best cut and most well prepared was the filet mignon, medium rare and melt in your mouth good. However, from our last trip, the skirt steak was our favorite and still is. It was prepared to perfection and it was infused with flavor in every bite despite its lower grade. Who would've thought. Our strip did come out overdone, but we sent it back and a medium rare piece came out quickly and perfectly.. . As our sides, wegot the mushroom assortment, Yukon gold mash, and the garlic spinach. The highlight was of course the Yukon gold mash potatoes- creamy, buttery goodness - which was raved by all other Yelpers. Among us four we couldn't finish our 3 cut of meats.. . Lastly, we had 6 desserts that came out. It should've been 5 but our waiter forgot our request for monkey bread and brought out another dessert by mistake. Don't worry we don't mind the extras.;). We tried a variety of sorbets, cheesecake, monkey bread, apple fritters, and their bread pudding. Surprisingly, the highlight for me was the cheesecake. It was extremely light, fluffy and creamy served with blood oranges. So yummy. My hubby liked the Apple fritters most this time compared to the monkey bread which was his favorite on the last visit.. . Overall, another pleasant and enjoyable dining experience with great company. This will probably continue to be our go-to restaurant for steak.
Went here for dinner on my most recent trip to Vegas. Oh Tom Colicchio you have not let me down.. . I partook of the chilled shellfish sampler and the harris ranch ribeye.. favored sides were the sauteed spinach and the nantes carrots (which were roasted with local desert honey and were excellent!) . . the meat was done to a perfect medium rare throughout, and the shellfish was fresh and delicious. i suppose my only complaint would be that the shellfish platter was skimpy (but then when isn't it at restaurants like this)? portion size aside, the food was of amazing quality. a month later, i still distinctly remember being wowed by the texture of the lobster tail and the freshness of the crab meat that was included in the platter. =) . . overall - an amazing dining experience (the service and the ambience were fantastic)... only ding would be that the price pointis just a tad too much on the high side for what it delivers (as great as it is).
I went here in a large group about two or three years ago. I wanted to write this review before I lose my memory even further. If I remember correctly, it was around labor day, and it happened to be restaurant week, so the menu looked something like this: . . Appetizers:. . Shaved Fennel, Lemon, Olive Oil. . Italian Buffalo Mozzarella, Hazelnuts. . Persian Cucumber, Watercress, Ginger. . . Entrees:. . Grilled Angus Skirt Steak. . Prime Beef Flat Iron. . . Side Dishes:. . Brentwood Sweet Corn, Green Onions. . Organic Baby Shiitake Mushrooms. . Yukon Gold Potato Puree, Chives. . . Dessert:. . Pastry Chef's Selection of Confections, Ice Cream and Sorbet. . We had an assortment for our large party of the items above. The buffalo mozzarella was awesome, as well as their meats. I don't remember which was which, but they both tasted great. Their Yukon Potatoes and Sweet Corn dish were to die for. This meal was definitely a bargain for $50. We had so much meat that we were able to take an entire plate home.
I'm a HUGE top chef fan and my expectations were very high. I thought some things were done very well such as the steak, but I was not a fan of other dishes. I'd give it 3.5-4 stars.. . Started to the meal with beet salad appetizer. The beets were beautiful but didn't quite have enough taste... it needed more salt or something. But I did appreciate the natural sweetness of the beets and the 3 different types of beets on my plate.. . My sister ordered the short ribs and honestly it was WAY too salty. Like almost inedible. Tried to pair it with some sides but it was just still too much.. . I ordered the surf and turf, 6 oz. filet mignon with half a Maine lobster. The steak is excellent. It's tender and flavored well with that nice meaty taste. The lobster was cooked well and not overcooked but had a very slight fishy taste. Portions are generous (prices are expensive too but the cuts of meat are thick).. . We also ordered 2 sides: the snap peas with horseradish and the hen of wood mushrooms. The snap peas were delicious with lots of butter but you couldn't taste the horseradish shavings. The hen of wood mushrooms were amazing! They had a nice earthy taste and the top of the mushroom was slightly crispy but the root was chewy. It had so much flavor and really wowed me.. . Dessert we tried the mini apple donuts and the ice cream/sorbet platters. The mini apple fritters had a nice crispy outside but the inside was too doughy. The consistency was slightly off. Also, I wanted them to be really hot and freshly fried but they were warm and not hot enough to my liking. Ice cream/sorbets were solid and I enjoyed the lemon, kiwi, and hazelnut best.. . The decor was great and warm feeling. The restaurant is big and definitely packed. We had 2 waiters and I found that kind of awkward... they would switch back and forth. Overall, I had a positive experience and I'm glad that I tried it. I wouldn't necessarily go back again but I'm very interested in trying Tom Colichio's restaurant in New York.
got the wagyu rib eye and ordered medium, but came out well done, and i didnt complain just because...the beef was good, but a bit disappointed with this go around...the service was great though and that is always appreciated
One of my favorites in Las Vegas.  Great steaks and good atmosphere.  Good presentation and reasonably priced for Las Vegas restaurant.  Like the semi casual atomshere and only reason not 5 Stars cause it's a ways to get there at the MGM GRAND.  Maybe if you take the TRAM instead of taxi it would be better.
So being a fan of Top Chef this place needed to be visited. It is owned by Tom Coliccio the head judge for Top Chef. So let's say high expectations were already in place. The first thing that came out were the dinner rolls, they were small but topped with some butter and freshly grind-ed sea slat. It was agreed that if this was any indication of how the rest of meal would be then it was the best choice. . I ordered some oysters, now being from East Coast I am picky and they were OK. A little on the small side but flavorful and good quality shell fish. Then my T-Bone came out. It was cut away from the bone to ensure the proper way I wanted cooked, medium of course. Then the fillet side was so tender I could have cut with a butter knife. The sides we ordered were the carrots and roasted potatoes. The waiter recommended that we split a side and they were large enough to accommodate us. . All and all one of the best steaks I have enjoyed thus far. Cooked perfectly, great service, not too obnoxious and good atmosphere.
More 41/2 than 4. Wanted to try this place because I read good things about it on yelp. Overall an excellent dining experience the reason for the 4 stars is because I was disappointed with my steak otherwise every other facet of the meal was outstanding.I enjoyed the atmosphere but I'm always a little disappointed when a restaurant of this caliber feels the need to have TVs anywhere near the establishment. I started out with the Wagyu tartare which was tasty and contrasted well with the crostini I highly recommend this as a starter. Like I said before I wasn't  thrilled with my steak and I believe the cut had a lot to do with that.I ordered medium but it came out medium well and a little chewy,that was suprising considering steaks are what they specialize in.At Ruth's Chris the waiter/waitress have you cut the steak to make sure it's cooked to your liking, no such luck here.  The sides of risotto and baby spinach were great and enough to serve two people. The cocktails were made well and I recommend the cucumber martini. Next time I'll be having the Wagyu tasting menu.The meal came out to about $360 including tip but that's because of the seven drinks between me and my bud.  That's about average for most high end steakhouses that I have been too.
My husband and I have been wanting to try this place for a very long time. We both love a good steak and I am a huge Top Chef fan, so we decided that for our 10 year anniversary we would finally see (taste) what everyone was talking about. I made the reservation about 2 months ahead of time online so that was not a problem. The night of our visit (4/30), we ran into the "cab line from hell" so we called to let them know we were running late. They were friendly and said it should not be a problem. When we arrived less than 5 minutes late for our reservation we were greeted and told that it would be a couple of minutes. We waited over20 minutes to be seated as they were very busy. The "reservationless" people that inquired about tables were told that none were available until 10:30 PM (it was 8PM at the time). . Once seated in a very nice area of the dining room (don't sit in the bar unless you have to) we were promptly greeted by both of our waiters. We quickly ordered drinks and were served the delicious rolls and butter that everyone else has mentioned. They are delish- I tried to avoid eating my 3 before my meal arrived, but they were so good I could not resist (also I would have been really starving had I waited, but more on that later). I ordered that Black Cherry Fizz and my husband had a Captain Morgan (Private Stock) and Coke. Both drinks were great. Our waiter gave us a very thorough explanation of the menu, especially the 3-course section. We decided on the 10oz filet for me and the 6oz filet and half lobster for my husband, as well as the fried zucchini blossom on the side. . So began the wait, and some more wait, and more wait. The staff was friendly and attentive, but nobody said anything like"sorry it is taking so long", etc. In all, I believe our meal did not arrive until 40 minutes after we ordered. It seemed like all the tables around us were waiting just as long, so maybe that is just how they do service there. We had not ordered any appetizers or a 1st course so we were starving. . Now for the good stuff-the food was great! Both steaks were cooked exactly to order-rare and medium rare and tasted wonderful. My husband's lobster was excellent also. The only thing we did not "love" was the zucchini blossom. It was truly fried and a bit too greasy. The tomato aioli dipping sauce was a nice accent though. We ate every bite of our meals and so we were too full for dessert (the selection looked great).However, one of the the food runners brought us each a plate of 4 mini chocolate pies with pieces of carmelized pineapple on top. Wow- that was absolutely great. Maybe because it was not expected, but also it was a very tasty dessert and I usually only order Creme Brulee or an ice cream dessert. There was no charge for the dessert so I think that they gave it to us because I had mentioned in the online reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary. . Overall we had a very excellent experience at Craftsteak. The plus side was the food. The downside was the extensive wait time to sit and to eat. We would probably only go back for another special occasion since it is very expensive (my hubby wouldn't even let my see the bill), but we knew that going in. I am still a big Tom Colicchio fan and am glad to have shared the Craftsteak exprience!
I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party and we decided to do a nice dinner here before heading out on the town.  loved the ambiance and the staff were so incredibly nice. our table of six girls made up about 90% of the female clientele in the restaurant since many of the other tables looked like they were full of business men and guys out for their bachelor party. since we were planning on a long night out we didn't want to cut it short by eating ourselves into a food stupor. the staff were so nice and accommodating about us sharing our food since they said they usually serve family style.  Here's the food breakdown:. . Oysters on the half shell: fresh, crisp, tasted like they were straight from the ocean.  No complaints there.. . Frisee Salad: Basic salad. good nothing amazing, but I enjoyed it. . . Porterhouse (shared 3 ways): Meat was definitely high quality and delicious! I like my meat cooked rare, but since I was sharing with 2 other people we went medium rare so the meat was a bit more done than I care for.  The meat was still flavorful and super juicy. We actually didn't even finish the porterhouse even among 3 girls with very healthy appetites!. . Sides: We ordered asparagus, yukon gold puree, and hen of the woods mushrooms.  At a steakhouse I'm really all about the meat so quality of the sides are important, but not my main focus. I enjoyed the asparagus and the yukon gold puree.  I usually enjoy any and all foods, but I have to admit the hen of the woods mushrooms were new to me and definitely had a taste that I found peculiar and just didn't work for me, but everyone else seemed to enjoy them. . . Dessert:  Table of 7 girls shared a chocolate souffle. IT WAS AMAZING.  Enough said... I'm not that big on chocolate but that souffle made me feel some feelings. ;)  . . Overall, food was consistently good and the offerings were fairly basic steakhouse fare. Staff was wonderfully attentive and nice. I would have appreciated a better $50-$75/bottle selection of wines.  I know it's a finer dining experience, but after dropping all that money on food a decent affordable bottle of wine would have made it that much better. :)
Food: 4.5 stars. Service: 5 stars. Value: 4 stars. . It is a high-end steak house that runs by an award-winning chef, Tom Colicchio. We ordered their Fall tasting menu which included appetizers (salad of roasted beets and pickled egg, warm goat cheese with red cabbage and saba, diver sea scallops with shaved fennel and lemon), main course of prime beef flat iron and roasted fillet mignon with sauce bordelaise, side dishes (roasted brussels sprouts with smoked bacon, butternut squash with sage, and sauteed shitake mushroom). . . I normally don't eat beef, but I couldn't resist to try a tiny bite of the flat iron and the fillet mignon. The meat was really juicy and so soft that it just melt in my mouth. The scallops were perfectly cooked and super delicious. All the side dishes were excellent and in decent portion for five of us. . . The tasting menu included the desserts of Chef's selection (cinnamon monkey bread, vanilla bean cheesecake, chocolate ganache cake... and some I didn't know the names.) All the food for just $85 per person (tax and gratuity are not included). The services was out of the world. We had three waiters served us and the food arrived our table in perfect timing. Although the dinner was a little pricey for my standard, I have to say that the food and service did worth it.
Great steaks! Love this place. I usually just sit at the bar, all the bartenders are fabulous and live up-to that old school bartender/steakhouse vibe. The frisee salad delicious with a poached egg on top!
Good food, but nothing really blew me away. I've eaten in Craft in Manhattan and nothing compares. Excellent sides and proteins, and price wise there is a family style dinner available that was super reasonable. Since there are so many great steak houses in Vegas I probably wouldn't go back. For the MGM though if your looking for a good steak this might be the place to stop in, but it's not worth a special trip.
When you go to a place like this expectations are high... and they should be at these prices. Tom Colicchio delivers on his promises. Nothing pretentious... clean simple really good food. Is it worth the money... that's a whole different topic of discussion. But I left very happy.  I shared a rib eye and a hanger steak with my friend. Both were cooked to perfect medium rare. The wine reduction was just right. Sides- salad greens, red peppers, spinach... all good. My other friend had the Filet and he was disappointed. That's why I don't order the filet it usually does disappoint!
wow! their food was delicious!!. . from beginning, we set reservations at 7pm on a friday night so waiting to be seated took a bit extra time. we just grabbed a drink from their bar. no big deal. after we were seated, our waiter explained the menu to us and of course, suggested the wagyu prix fixe meal which we agreed to. . . apps: scallops, two types of salads, and beef carpaccio? if i remember correctly, i didn't have the carpaccio bc that's the only thing the boy would eat b/w the four apps we got. i ate the scallops which were good and tasteful. the salads were delicious but i can't quite remember the names of them. ah well.. . entree: wowowow!! skirt steak. OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!! seriously the best cut and grade EVER!!! i really liked this over the filet mignon cut. oh wow! the steak was juicy and tender and just melted in your mouth. ridonk!!! it really is that good. the filet on the other hand was a bit too red for the bf so they cooked it a bit longer and for me, i liked it the first time they brought it out so i didn't enjoy it as much as the skirt steak. . . sides: yukon mashed potatoes, mushroom medley, and asparagus. the mushroom medley - i took full charge of. i didn't like how the asparagus was prepared (it was a bit too overcooked for me) and the boy didn't like the different types of mushrooms they had. it worked out perfect for us bc he liked the asparagus (and my pee wouldn't smell) and i love all mushrooms! lol! the mushrooms were the perfect complement to the steaks we were eating. soo good!!! potatoes were a bit too runny for me, i like the fluffiness of potatoes, not when it's too liquefied. . . dessert: cheesecake (yum!!), chocolate ganache (meh), fruit platter (nothing to write home about), and gelato (i've had better). . after our meal, we had a lot of leftovers and they were just as good the next day as when we were eating it right from the kitchen.. . . waitstaff: very very attentive and worked like a great team should. . . *** negative 1 star. idk what it was but my stomach was not feeling good. i finished my first drink from the bar and i felt fine. i then had a glass of wine but after ONLY a couple sips, i started feeling out of it. i requested to send it back. he asked if i would rather have another drink but i told him that  i'm done drinking for the night until i felt better so i said i'll stick to the water. after apologizing, i was expecting something to be taken off the bill, only to see them coming out with two glasses of champagne. WTF!? i said i was done drinking........ why in the world would they bring out alcoholic beverages?? i didn't drink it. dumba*s
I was really surprised we were even able to get reservations...we called less than a week in advance, had a group of 7, it was right after watching the Paquiao fight (which was also at MGM Grand). Plus, on top of all that, it's Tom Colicchio's restaurant!. . I ordered the steak and lobster which came with half a lobster and filet mignon. The filet didn't really come with any sauce but it was cooked perfectly and went well with some side dishes. The lobster was excellent, very moist and tender. My bf was loving the lamb. . . Overall I'd say it's 3.5 stars. Pretty standard steakhouse. The menu wasn't too innovative so there's no suprises there. I guess that can be either a good or a bad thing. If you like steak, you'll like this place. Great place for large groups in a semi-formal atmosphere. Everything is cooked perfectly, just the way you request it.
I've eaten here twice now. The service has been outstanding. The steaks good, the braised short ribs are to die for.
Two words for you -- "salt" and "butter."  That is the key to all their food.  They do not add a lot of fancy sauces but try to let the natural flavors of their food speak for themselves.  They season their dishes with generous amounts of salt and butter making everything very rich and flavorful.. . We enjoyed both the rack of lamb and a rib eye steak with three sides.  That is a good amount for two people.  Maybe three sides was a bit much and could have easily have gone with two.  If you get the dessert, go with the chocolate souffle.  It is "worth skipping a few bites of your meal to make room for it" good and to me was the highlight of the experience.. . The atmosphere is what brought my experience from 5 stars to 4.  For starters, it is somewhat loud.  There are a lot of hard surfaces that just reflect sound and nothing to really absorb it.  Also, they play blues and country music in the background which sort of cheapens the atmosphere.  I felt like the waiters were going to come out at any minute and do a line dance in the aisles.. . The food was excellent, although I do question the high prices of everything.  I feel like many people praise Craftsteak because they spent $50+ for a steak and another $15+ for side dishes.  It was good, but I've had decent steaks at half the price elsewhere.  But hey, this is Las Vegas and if you going to spend hundreds of dollar on something it might as well be a fine meal instead of losing it at the craps tables.
Almost perfect meal.  I deduct one star and that is not entirely the fault of the restaurant.  The food here is so delicious and the service was wonderful.. My friend and I had dinner here during a business trip.  We are both fans of Top Chef and thought it would be cool to judge, the head judge of top chef.  I ordered lobster bisque, the rib eye, and chocolate souffle.. The first bite of each dish will always tell you the quality of the dish.  After one spoonful of lobster bisque, I was sold.  It was so rich and flavorful!  The lobster pieces were so tender and juicy.  My ribeye was served sizzling in a metal pan.  I had ordered it medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly and the flavor just exploded in my mouth.  Each bite left me craving more.  It was unbelievably good.  My meal was finished off with the amazing chocolate souffle, that was a perfect ending to an amazing meal.  . The servers were spot on and showed that this was definitely one of the best restaurants in Vegas.. Why the deduction of a star you ask?  The tables are too close to one another.  You're practically sitting with the people next to you.  In this case it was very very bad!  We were seated next to some loud mouth guy that was bragging about how much money he made.  He also went on to talk about how he had been in rehab since he was 16.  I swear it was disgusting!.  We were tryingto mind our own business, but you couldn't help but hear this guy's stories because our tables were so close.  I don't mind conversation during a meal, but I'd rather not hear about someone's sexual history and how many times a night a guy shags his wife.  I spoke with the manager about it.  She was very apologetic.  She gave me her card with her persoanl contact information and requested that I contact her about the evening.  I wrote a letter to  Lauren Vacca, the VIP manager.  I haven't heard from her since.  Which is fine.  I didn't really expect her to reply.  I just think it's bad management to not follow up on a letter of complaint.  Especially when I spoke with her in person about the situation.. Nevertheless, Colicchio's Craftsteak is a good dining experience.  As long as you have decent people sitting at the tables next to you.
So, me and my friend always try to do a steakhouse in Vegas.  We've done Prime, Gallaghers, and this time, for the ease for us to get to, decided on Craftsteak this time.  . . This place is much larger then it looks, and the decor is fantastic.  You walk through, and notice a lot, the pictures on the walls, very clever, and the all wood, including legs, tables.  . . We were extremely tempted to do 1 of the prix-fix menus, but we were not hungry enough to do that, as we ate more then we should have at happy hour.. . Bread- I have to point out that the bread was extremely good, and addicting, they will just continue to bring it out in the tray it was cooked in, try not to fill up on the bread, as me and my friend partly did.. . I started with the Maine Lobster Bisque soup, and my friend got the Warm Frisee Salad.  The presentation on my soup, was incredible, mostly cause it was so unexpected.  They brought the lobster over with all the seasonings in the bowl, and then bring the liquid part of the soup out in a aluminum warming dish, and then pour it over the lobster, which was great, it doesnt cook the lobster too much.  And the soup was very good.  My friends salad was very good, maybe even better then my soup, the pieces of smoked bacon were nice and thick cut, and the farm egg was fantastic.. . Main course, I ordered the Beef Shortrib, and my friend ordered the ribeye, both med-rare.  My beef shortribs again came out in a little serving dish of its own.  I've had a lot of beef shortribs, these were incredible, possible one of the best i've had.  What was nice and refreshing about this was that the sauce was not a real thick almost bbq like sauce.  The shortribs feel apart fantastically, and the onions that were cooked with it, amazing too.  Easily would recommend that.  My friends ribeye, was surprisingly good.  You can easily screw up a ribeye, or make it have no taste, this was not the case in this situation.  . . Overall, yes there are better steakhouses on the strip, but this places easily holds it own.
We had a really great meal here on Sunday night. The service is impeccable, the restaurant is beautiful inside and the food is really good.. . (I'm a great restaurant reviewer, no?). . We started off with cocktails: a Macallan 18 for him, a Blanton's on the rocks for me. My bourbon came with a single massive ice cube. So classy!. . We had the beet salad and roasted red pepper salad to start. I pigged out on the warm rolls they served while my husband wisely abstained to save room for steak. I ordered the filet mignon, the husband got some strip steak. We shared bites and groaned. The meat was so delicious - peppery and tender. Our side was the au gratin potatoes, which were...you guessed it...really good. I have a way with words.. . The only reason I'm giving this place four stars is because we both felt  that it's overpriced for what it is. We both agreed the steak was perfect, but it wasn't the best piece of steak either of us had ever had.. . But what you're really paying for is Colicchio's name, and it was an experience we're both happy to have had.
After having been to Craft in LA, I was really excited about coming here. I couldn't wait to stuff my face with the finest in red meat and partake in elegant wines. I came here with three friends on a Saturday night as part of our Vegas excess weekend. We got a 10PM reservation and we waited about 15 minutes before being seated. The inside is pretty big and the decor is pretty much what Craft LA looks like - modern with earthy colors, clean lines and warm light. The service was great. The server was able to answer all of our questions and the sommelier came by when we had questions about wine.. . The bread they served at the start was hot, fresh, buttery, and sweet. It reminded me of Kings Hawaiian sweet rolls. It didn't need butter, but if you wanted to slather some on for good measure, it was there. We ordered a bottle of red wine and settled in for the meal. I don't remember which red wine we got, but it was very smooth and went well with our meal.. . We started with the warm frisee salad with bacon and egg. It is one of the most decadent salads I've eaten. The warm egg coated everything in a creamy blanket as you mixed up the salad and the savory crispy bacon punched through as you ate everything together. If salads were always like this, I would eat it every day.. . For the main course, I got the 12 oz. domestic wagyu skirt steak, medium. Two of my friends shared the 32 oz. dry aged porterhouse, and my other friend got the surf and turf. We also ordered sides of spinach and yukon gold puree. Usually at steakhouses, the meat comes out piping hot because the plate is hot like a space shuttle on reentry. Maybe they just don't do that here, or maybe our food was waiting a while for pickup, but my steak was just lukewarm when it arrived. I was a little disappointed. That said, the skirt steak had great flavor, had perfect tenderness, and I ate the whole thing.. . I could see my friends that ordered the porterhouse were struggling, and I saw why. It was so massive. I tried a piece, and it had a quick hit of great flavor, but the sheer size of my piece had me munching on it past its flavor burst, like a piece of gum.. . The sides of spinach and yukon gold puree were tasty too, but also, for some reason, were not very hot when they came out.. . We didn't get dessert because we were so full, and we didn't want to feel like beached whales.. . Overall, it was an awesome time with great friends and great food. My only gripe was the temperature of the food when it came out. It might seem like a nitpick, but having your food nice and hot when it arrives makes a big difference.
Ate here alone in February '11 and everything was comped so i went a bit overboard.... . Started with a salad and remember it was good.. Asked for a nice glass of red (was $50 or so and tasted good with the steak). The wagyu filet mignon at a whopping $300 tasted good but well... tasted like a big cut of filet mignon (thank God this was free). The yukon gold puree were excellent as was the mushroom assortment (couldn't even finish it). . The staff from hostesses to my server were VERY friendly.  They charged my phone while I was there and made jokes all night.  Good people, good crowd, good vibe, good food.  Left extremely full and satisfied.
Loved loved their dinner rolls. I always end up eating almost a dozen of them we're here..can't resist. The service is great, just make sure you make a reservation beforehand since they do get pretty crowded. BF and I got the mashed potatoes, lobster bisque (highly recommended) and a 10 0z filetmignon cooked medium which was delicious. Our friends got the scallops and rib eye which were really good as well. Side dishes are about $15 each, entrees anywhere from $50-$120 depending on what you get. Definitely a special treat whenever we're in Vegas.
We got the two cheapest steaks and they were AWESOME. I loved the hangar steak. The bread at the table was fresh and delicious. We had a couple different cocktails, all of which were great. Service was good too. Loved the decor. Those were the only things we ordered, and I think our bill came to around $130 (two people).. . It loses a star because, after I ordered a Diet Coke (Tom Collicchio did those commercials for it, remember??), they brought out a tiny aluminum bottle (AKA, no refills). And when the bill came, it was $4.50. I expected better from a fellow DC fan, Tom.
You haven't had skirt steak until you have been here. Meat so tender that it melts like fat in your mouth. Wow. Amazing!. . Risotto, potato puree and scallops for sides. Risotto was delicious, mixed with fresh peas and mushrooms (perfectly crisped on the edges) on top. Potato puree was also very good. I'm still thinking about it as I write this review. Scallops... Not so much. Wouldn't recommend for price you're paying. I felt bad since the waiter didn't really recommend it but we chose it anyway. Better go with the recommendations next time!. . The bread is mostly butter. Be ware it fills you up really quick! We had to doggie bag some of the food because we ate too much bread.. . Syrah was delightful as well. Full bodied and smooth. Yum.. . Service was really amazing also. So lovely and nice.
Awesome steakhouse.  We were a group of nine guys of less than wealthy means but the waitstaff treated us with great respect and were always attentive.. . I started with some oysters just because I hadn't had any in a while andenjoyed them.  I had the New York strip, and it was the first time I've ever had it perfectly cooked to medium-rare, truly delicious.  I paired it with a glass of their syrah which was one of the best glasses of my limited experience.. . No one in our group complained and most raved.  For nine people with normal entrees, a few side dishes, and drinks all around the bill came to ~$900 but I imagine most people would spend more.. . Finally, the atmosphere was classy and understated, a welcome relief
Overpriced and over wraught were the first words that popped into my mind within the first 5 minutes of sitting down at our table.. . Except then I realized that this wasn't over "anything"  - it was THE steak place for goldilocks and the baby bear - juuussttt right!
Ate here last week.  The meal and so so, but the service was excellent.  My steak was a little overcooked.  The side dishes were good.   Pretty good place.
I would have given this a 5 star but the service lacked. Our waiter only showed up at the first 10 minutes and at the last 5 minutes of our visit. His helper and the busboy were the only ones semi-paying attention to us and that's even with us ordering 4 of the $160/ea surf and turf tasting deals. . . Well, 4 stars for the beef, lobster, potato puree and risotto cooked with chunks of pork. . . Beef (Domestic Wagyu): One of the best beef flavors and texture I've ever tasted. I was totally mesmerized with each bite. They serve the Flank, Rib-Eye, and NY Strip. The Flank was my favorite. Just incredible Wagyu Beef! . . Lobster (about 1 lb for ea person): This was cook al dente. Some people might think it's under cooked but it's not. Al dente lobster has the perfect texture and has that great lobster taste you can't beat. But here, even though I loved the lobster, the Wagyu beef was the superstar. . . Potato Puree (Yukon Gold): Buttery and creamy; the best potato puree I've had. This is a must side dish because the buttery taste matches very well with the beef or the lobster. . . Risotto: It has stringy chucks of pork in it. Savory and the right amount of moister. They have this side dish down to a science. . . The rest of the side dishes, starters and some of the deserts were just ok. Something I can make at home by going to my local Von's for some basic ingredients. . . PLEASE BE AWARE!!! If you have any left overs and you want them wrapped up for you to take home, make TRIPLE SURE the busboy confirms he will. We had a lot of expensive left orders and my brother-in-law and I told the same busboy we wanted to take them home. He threw it all away and said we didn't tell him anything. They semi made up for it but boy was I pissed and it kind of gave me a sour stomach.. . p.s. the seats in the booths are of suede but are very worn and feel as there is food crumbs.
Walking into this place, I knew that I was in a high class restaurant. We were seated in our own individual booth shaped like a U and facing the rest of the restaurant. . . Their steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection. My rib eye's temp was just right and the meat was extremely flavorful. I also got to try the Wagyu NY strip...$135+ for a piece of meat as big as my fist! But heck, although I felt like I was eating gold, it proved to be one of the most delicious piece of meat I'd ever tasted. It was melt-in-your-mouth, flavorful, and absolutely the most tender thing I'd ever had. . . The side dishes, like the wild mushroom medley, were absolutely delicious!. . The service was excellent. Some of the steaks were a little too charred and, unintentionally, this was casually mentioned to the manager who was making rounds at each table. She apologized profusely and comp'd one of each of the entire dessert menu! Wow, now that's wonderful customer service. I would not hesitate to come back here again...gosh, if only it wasn't so pricey! The desserts were so delicious and so delicately made. I'm normally not one to order desserts, but knowing how deliciously they made their desserts, I would definitely save some room next time.. . Craftsteak, you are (so far) an unbeatable Vegas favorite (for a steakhouse).
I'd have to agree with the 4 star average rating.. . I've eaten here a few times and have come away content, but not blown away.  Everything is done well but not over the top, which may be their intent.. . Food wise they do offer a great selection of beef from domestic, domestic kobe, or the way out of my price range imported A5 wagyu.  They seem to always push the domestic kobe skirt steak, which is actually really good.  Don't bother with the scallops as someone else mentioned.  They are small and way overcooked.  You are at a steak house.. stick with the steak.. . Sides are really good.  They offer roasted sunchoke which is something I've never tasted previously, but I do miss the pan roasted sweet corn.  Warm frisee salad is always a winner to start with.  . . Ambiance is nice, kinda dark inside unlike Carne Vino or Joe's.. . Oh they do have the BEST rolls.  I could eat about 50 of these.. . 4 Stars!
I decided to write my first Yelp review as I very much enjoyed my meal here last Friday night.  I was celebrating my bday in Vegas and my friends took me here for a surprise bday dinner.  Nice decor and didn't feel too stuffy.  Waiters were very helpful and attentive.  The wine suggestion he gave turned out to suit us just right.  I had the braised short ribs which was delish! So tender and full of flavor.  Some friends shared the 32oz Porterhouse while others had the rib eye and T-bone.  Had a little sample of each and all were cooked well.  We also shared some sides, the corn was yummy and mushroom assortment too.  The sugar peas I could pass on.  But overall, a great meal! I hear the one in LA is not as good as the Vegas one.  I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Honestly, one of the best steaks i've ever had. The flavors were perfect and the steaks cooked to perfection. Also, the bread was INCREDIBLE! A must try!
Great food! Great Service!  I was with three others and we had a fantastic time.  We all did the 115.00 dollar dinner where the chef or server chooses your appetizers, sides and deserts, you chosse your meat.   Everything was exceptionally prepared.  Drinks were also very well made and the deserts (monkey bread, soufle, gelato, cheesecake, etc) were great.
My buddy and I were having a late dinner in the casino and walked up to the hostess stand.  I had heard of Tom Colicchio and his restaurants. (Had eaten at Witchcraft in SF before too) Our first encounter looked like we were not going to be helped. However, the manager strolled out and we tried again.  This time we got seated!  I had a very good steak and started with their warm frisse salad.  The service was very solid and we ended having a very good chat with the assistant manager who was really informative and interesting.  All in all, a great meal.  Thanks Tom!!
We've been to Craftsteak twice, most recently a few weeks ago.. . Both times we had some bites that were amazing. Favorites include:. - The rolls (best when warm). - The tasting menus. - Hen of the Woods mushrooms. - Red Pepper salad (I will NEVER look at peppers the same). - Cinnamon Monkey Bread . - Mashed Potatoes. - Corn (not my thing, but Mr R loves it). . Next time I'll skip on the:. - Plum sorbet (so wrong). - Shrimp (nothing special). - Plum sorbet (worth mentioning twice, its that bad). . We still talk about our first experience to this day as it was such a memorable dinner.  We went back a few weeks ago and still had a nice time, but experienced some service issues.  I was ready to remove Craftsteak off my "Last Meal on Earth" notes in my Yelp profile, but thought to send management an email letting them know what happened. The apology I received in return was so genuine and their response was so overwhelming. They really went above and beyond to ensure that we are happy and returning customers.  The restaurant's management went above and beyond, so we will be back...and I expect the service problems we experienced were just a one-time thing.
Some of the best steak I ever head but you pay for it! I got the Australian Wagyu Tasting Menu with several friends and had some of the richest steak I have ever experienced in my life (Apparently since fukushima they  have not been exporting it from Japan) The sides: mashed potatoes, asparagus, and mushrooms were quite good. It was fun to do the tasting menu with several people to get all of the different cuts and sides of meat but a much more expensive way to go about the menu. Very accommodating to a group of 14.
Awesome job Tom Colicchio!! Dinner was everything we expected and more. Decor was great. Service was excellent. We had a few servers, and they were all very friendly and helpful. Food was also excellent.. . We had 9:30pm reservations and were there for about 2 hours. It was a bit loud when we first got there, but as it cleared out, it got nice and quiet.. . Complimentary Bread and Butter. Brownie points for the warm bread, that was similar to the Filipino Pan De Sal. No brownie points for the butter... it was cold.. . Domestic Wagyu 3 Course Menu for 2 ($300). 2 salads: Warm Frisee Salad (excellent), Cucumber (refreshing). 2 appetizers: Grilled Pacific Prawns(great flavors), Hand-Cut Wagyu Beef Tartare (excellent). 2 cuts of steak: Skirt Steak & Filet (both excellent). 3 sides: Asparagus (good), Mushroom Assortment (good),  Yukon Gold Puree (good). 4 desserts: Milk Chocolate Creme Brulee (boyfriend really liked it), Mochi Ice Cream & Melon Sorbet (my favorite), fruits (refreshing), I can't remember what the 4th one was called, but it was good too.. . Corkage was $30. Bottle Fiji Water was $9.. . Definitely way too muchfood, but it was, for the most part, ALL YUMMY! We would definitely recommend this place!!!
Who doesn't like unbelievable oysters on the half shell and a Kobe Steak.. . Tom Callichio's restaurant was just what I expected.  I only wish I loved steakhouses more.
The wagyu skirt steak was pretty awesome.  I am not a big fan of wagyu cuz its like eating a fat piece of fois gras.  I should like fat on fat cuz i am fat but its just too fatty for me.  WTF happened to the Fatty A.  Lame.  The skirt steak was perfect cuz the meat is tougher but with the extra fat it was perfect.  I compared it to the bone in rib eye and both had different flavors and texture.  The only bad part of the meal was ordering wine at this joint.  The winelist is massive and it took them over 30 minutes to get someone to take my wine order.  Lamers.  We tried a bottle of the Vineyard 29 but I wasn't impressed.  -1 suckaz.
Nice place, up little upscale so be ready to spend some $$$. Food was good and the service was excellent.
Ate with a big group so we got to order a lot.  Ambiance is awesome.  Place is packed so reservations are a must.. . Free bread.  Hot off the press.  Looks like a dinner roll, tastes like Challah.  When they say don't eat the bread to save room for the meal...it's ok in this instance.  Eat the bread.  It's so freaking good.. . Porterhouse- medium rare. Delicious but I still think Mastros is the best steak house.  . . Wagyu- medium rare.  Better than Cut but I still like the porterhouse better. (Personal preference). . Risotto- my favorite side dish of the night. SO, so good.  Just the right amount of flavor-- not overly salty but packed with flavor.  Cooked to perfection.. . Mashed potato puree- this is the best "mashed" potatoes I've ever had.  I thought I always liked lumpy mashed potatoes but that's only bc I've never had potatoes as smooth as Stripsteak made them.  Sorry mastros, as much as I love the lobster mashed, Stripsteak wins this category.. . Sweet potatoes- also very delicious.  Simple cubed sweet potatoes with brown sugar crust.  My 2nd favorite side after the risotto.. . Beet salad- not a show-stopper but not bad.  Your typical.  Feel like the beets were too chopped up (small).  . . Key Lime pie- best key lime pie I've ever had.  I don't typically like tart desserts, but dang this pie was good.  The crust was how a pie crust should be-- and sweet, crunchy yet crumbly; the silky filling melted in my mouth and was oh so smooth.  The flavor was awesome.  Not the fanciest dessert out there but don't let the simplicity fool you-- that was probably one of the best desserts I've ever had.
We arrived a few minutes before our reservation, so we hung out in the bar for a bit and sampled the Innis & Gunn Highland Cask Oak Aged Beer. You can definitely tell that the beer was aged in casks previously used to age single malt scotch. Good beer. I note that the Bar Alcohol menu had six pages of single malt scotch options!. . Had what has to be one of the most expensive meals I've ever partaken in. Five of us had dinner here one night and we opted for one of the sampler meals - which included a number of appetizers and salads - including a Steak Tartar. The main course included a Flat Iron, Ribeye, Filet Mignon, and New York Strip steaks - cooked medium rare and pre-sliced, served in cast iron pans.. . The Steak Tartar was excellent, as were the tasty salads. The steaks were really good! My favorite was the Ribeye, followed by the Filet Mignon. The Ribeye was buttery and melted in your mouth. The main course also included a pot of whipped potatoes, sauteed mushrooms, roasted Brussel sprouts, and Risotto.. . For dessert, there was a range of plates brought out - my very favorite was the Monkeybread. Delicious!. . I needed a Bellhop to come and wheel me out of there in a wheelbarrow when we were done. That really was to much food for me - most I've eaten in a long time.. . Service was excellent! 4 Stars - simply because the place is soooo expensive!
I don't normally enjoy high end steak, but I went along for a bachelor party. I generally think steak restaurants are wildly overpriced. This is still overpriced, but the quality of cuts will make it seem worth it. The side dishes are fantastic, the drinks are also prepared to perfection. I had the 2lb porterhouse and took a high pleasure in devouring it all. If you have a bunch of money to spend on dinner and want a steak, I don't see how you could not be satisfied here.
This place is good but pricey to go with.. . The steak is AMAZING and is ridiculously tender; however, please note that Kobe beef is NOT available right now (not sure if prior reviews are aware).  The US is not importing any Japanese beef right now and has not been for several months due to health concerns after Fukishima.  What they have replaced Kobe beef with is the Australian A5 Wagyu beef.  I would recommend the chef's selection (two person minimum) of the Australian A5 if you're looking for amazing array of different cuts.  Though I never got to try their Kobe beef, three people from our group have dined at Craftsteak before and noted that the Kobe beef was noticeably better, so I'm a little disappointed there.. . A lot of their appetizers are also worth commenting on.  First, the tartare is great and if you have only appetizer option, go with this.  The mix of mushrooms and the prosciutto also deserve a mention.. . The service was exceptional.  The staff was very attentive and the sommelier was able to assist with selecting two bottles of wine.  However, one person at our table was a celiac and we ordered the proscuitto specifically for her, requesting the pretzel bread sticks to be excluded from our order.  Unfortunately, they were not, and we just had to make sure to give her only the pieces that were "untouched" by the bread.. . Overall, worth a try if you're willing to spend a little extra on an amazing steak.
I've been to Craftsteak twice.  I don't count the first experience because I was sick with the flu, so I had been looking forward to my second try and ideally being able to actually eat the food I had ordered.. . Service was 5 stars.  We made a reso less then a week out, got a great booth table.  Drinks are good.  Servers are friendly and attentive.. . We had the foie gras, beet salad, rack of lamb, maui onions, mushroom assortment, and a wagyu ribeye.  Last time I went they had kobe beef on the menu, but apparently the menu changes every so often.  . . Everything was excellent.  The wagyu ribeye was good, but a bit disapointing.  Maybe when one buys a $100 steak expectations are unrealistically high, but I wasn't that impressed.  Maybe next time I'll stick with the standard filet.. . In any case, Craftsteak is a win and if you are looking for a great meal in an upscale environment you should check it out.
When you pay this much for steak you expect it will be good and it is.  If you're a real high roller you can touch the Way-Gu menu which was out of my league.
The wine selection and the Sommelier are were both top notch! The domestic waygu chef's selection was awesome! I also had the best beef tare tare of my life. Will definitely be back and can't recommend Craftsteak enough!!!!!
BEST SHORT RIB I HAVE EVER HAD! paired with yukon gold potatoes and it was perfect.
My NY daughter, who is fast becoming a food connossieur herself, was very interested in trying a restaurant by one of her celebrity chef idols, Tom Colicchio.  Although there are a few to pick from in Manhattan, she came with us to Vegas to have her first experience (and ours) in one of his restaurants.  For all of us, this was our one big splurge meal on the trip.  While not much in Las Vegas is reasonably priced anymore, we went here knowing this would be the case.. . Overall, I give Craftsteak 4 stars, but as it honestly reminded me so much of Mastro's, I found myself comparison rating it up one side and down the other.  I really liked the food at Craftsteak, don't get me wrong, but I didn't think it was worth the prices they charged, and yes, they were more expensive than Mastro's.  They pretty much served the same types of entrees and sides, but I really think Mastro's is one cut above (no pun intended.....well, maybe a little).. . Service was good, but nothing and no one will top Erin @ Mastro's in Thousand Oaks.  She was truly that notch above and made us feel like we were the King and Queen of dining.  We wanted for nothing.  However, the two male waiters @ Craftsteak were nice, but I often felt uncomfortable asking for their assistance, and they certainly weren't treating us all that special.  I think they stayed a little too much in the background, but yes, they got the job done.  I will say, however, when I did ask questions, they were forthcoming with their opinions of the food, and we were not steered wrong.. . There was one aspect that was disappointing........both my younger daughter and I LOVE rack of lamb, and while it was on the menu and we wanted it, it was NOT available by the time we placed our order.  Big letdown.....but not the restaurant's fault, either.  Here is what we did order........... . 32 oz. porterhouse steak, served with bearnaise sauce - at $96.00., it should have been outstanding, but it was very good.  The meat was a little tough in areas.  It became excellent with bearnaise sauce on it.  Well done on a sauce that I haven't had in YEARS.  LOVE that sauce.. . Diver sea scallops - waiter recommended, and they were excellent.  A little light on flavor, but cooked to perfection.. . Grilled asparagus - very nicely prepared and seasoned, and not too lemony as I feared it might be.  Asparagus is truly my favorite vegetable.. . Roasted fingerling potatoes with rosemary - while not dried out, it needed some kind of sauce, and I was a little disappointed that the promised rosemary was not infused into the potatoes in a much bigger way, instead of just a sprig decorated on top.  I dipped them in the steak au jus, which was quite good.  If it were me ordering a potato side, this would NOT have been my choice, especially with all the choices available.....but my daughter selected, so this was what she chose.. . Mushroom assortment (4 different kinds) -  a wonderful introduction into some exotic mushroom types - maybe could have been sauteed a little more, and perhaps with a bit more butter / flavor, but still, they were good.. . Caesar salad with pickled anchovy - we ordered 2 caesar salads, which were split in half, and there was MORE THAN ENOUGH salad to go around between the four of us.  Very generous portions.  Not a huge fan of lettuce leaves in their whole form.  I much prefer the lettuce be cut already, but it also didn't detract from it for that reason.  What did detract was the ever-present lack of enough dressing issue.  Always happens.  What leaves did have enough dressing on them tasted just fine.  The pickled anchovy wasn't too bad, either, esp. if eaten sparingly.. . For dessert, my daughters ordered chocolate souffles with caramel sauce and a simply divine hazelnut ice cream laced w/chocolate shavings.  The ice cream was TRULY amazing.  I didn't care too much for the souffle, though.  I think it was a bit undercooked.  Never been my thing, though.  My husband and I split the cinnamon monkey bread with sour cream toffee ice cream.  Not sure how I feel about this dish.  The ice cream was dreadful......waaaaaaaaaay too much on the sour cream.  Strange.  As for the monkey bread, yes, it was delicious, esp. with the ooey-gooey caramel sauce over it, BUT........I felt like I was eating a breakfast food item.  It just didn't smack of the stuff elegant nighttime desserts are made of.  I don't know, I just wasn't feeling it.  Because we were celebrating my younger daughter's birthday, they brought a complimentary cheesecake w/ a raspberry coulis. . . While I have been somewhat critical of the food, overall, we definitely enjoyed our meal here.  However, for this restauranteur's celebrity status and the matching prices, I honestly expected better from him.  That being said, I would certainly return to this place.  I just can't give this a 5-star rating.
Amazing dry aged bone in New York strip, French fries were phenomenal, lobster bisque superb! Great service although the kitchen took a while to produce dinner. Everything cooked to perfection.
We ate here Saturday night with a group of friends before seeing a show.  We arrived early and informed our waitstaff we had to be out in 90 minutes.  Our table was a large group (9) and I suspect this was an unreasonable request.  The starter cocktail was a surprise because so many places don't know how to make a proper Manhattan anymore.  This was perfection. The beet salad was excellent, a great collection of different beet styles.  Hubby had a Caesar salad which was fine (I'm pretty bored by Caesar salad these days, but it wasn't bad).  For an entree, neither of us got steak which might have been a mistake.  Because we have access to some of the best steakhouses on the earth, we usually try non-steak items.  I had rack of lamb which was delicious.  Tender, flavorful, and seasoned to perfection.  The sides I tried risotto, hen of woods mushrooms, brussel sprouts, creamed potatoes, and spinach were wonderful.  The mister ordered salmon which was a disappointment to him (hello, craft...Steak). The end of the meal was a mad dash to pay and make it over to Ka, but we did end up on time after all. I would recommend this for a nice night out, but be careful about taking a large group before a show.
great people watching in MGM with tables in the middle of shopping venue -- interesting decor -- good steak, everything a la carte -- table service didn't match food nor decor and distracted -- good wait service -- over priced for quality received
What a great atmosphere and wonderful food. At times inside a side room with the wrong crowd it can get LOUD but that's that. As for food (steak, fish, chicken or appetizers) I have to give them a solid 9/10. Buffalo mozzarella however (to me) epic fail. . Sorry Tom...
My boyfriend and I made reservations to dine here because his friend highly recommended this steak house.  Our reservation was on December 27. 2011, at 6PM.  We arrived on time and was seated promptly. The decor was simple, yet elegant.  Think lots of dark wood and spacious seating arrangements.  . . Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and suggested we go with the chef's tasting menu.  For $120 per person, we were on our way to sample a trio of starters, a dual of angus steaks, a trio of side dishes, and FOUR different desserts!  The fourth dessert was added because I mentioned we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday (even though it was still days away, LOL).  . . For starters, we were served the cocktail prawns, warm frisee salad, and the lobster bisque.  The prawns were perfect.  My favorite starter was the salad.  It was just absolutely delicious. . . For sides to accompany our steaks, we were served the mashed potatoes, mushroom assortment, and risotto.  My favorite was the mushrooms.  Our angus steaks included one ribeye and one New York strip.  Both were prepared perfectly.. . As you can imagine, when dessert time rolled around, we were already pretty stuffed.  $120 per person is on the expensive side, but the chef really gives you way more than enough food.  For dessert, we were served the cinnamon monkey bread, sorbet,  farmer's market fruit plate, and a flourless chocolate cake with ice cream.  The monkey bread was my favorite.  It tasted like a gourmet cinnamon roll.. . Overall, the service was superb and the food was good.  I wouldn't say it's the best steak I ever had, but as far as the tasting menu goes, it's the best value.  However, we ate only half of the food and couldn't take it back to the hotel because we were off to see Ka.
why 4 stars?!?!?!. . my boyfriend and i had reservations at 8:30, We got there an hour early, they hesitated on giving us a seat, but I guess the manager told the hostess to seat us. We sat a few tables from the entrance, DO NOT SIT THERE!!!! you will have people hovering on the side, in front and behind you. That kind of killed the ambiance. [You're] paying about $150-200 per person only to have someone look over your shoulders to see what the first entree is. I had to tell someone to back up a little because they were just way too close. . . the food:. It' was really good!!!! We had the Wagyu and Lobster course meal. SOOOOO much food!!! The Cucumber salad, and another salad that had panchetta and bleu cheese dressing were amazing. The beef was really tender. My only issue was that it was pre- cut. i would have liked to enjoy cutting it on my own, Lobster was tender as well. Their butter sauce was sweet, not greasy. Best part was dessert. They had this dense chocolate cake. it was smooth like a truffle but not as sweet. its was amazing!!!. . my conclusion:. It was over all an amazing experience, with amazing food. But if [you] do go- make sure you sit towards the back of the restaurant. Would I eat here again? Not anytime soon, but maybe again in the future. :)
Being a fan of Top Chef, vising Craftsteak was must on our trip to vegas! We didnt have a reservation, but were able to get seated on a cute table right by the bar. It was alittle nicer than being in the inside hall, since the lighting seemed to be brighter outside. . . The atmosphere of the restaruant is very nice.. it is very calm but very professional at the same time. We started our order with Lobster Bisque. This is a must get if you have never tried it..or a fan or lobster. It taste like... wow did you melt the shell inside it too?? that is how deep and strong the flavor of the lobster is. They mean business when it comes to getting the flavor. I loved the soup!. Foie Gras was also delicious, cooked very nicely and it went well with the Kumquat.. The potato guratin was a little heavy, but it went well with everything. . The main course the meat... i had the Filet Mignon, which was cooked very nice, medium rare just the way i like it. Perhaps it was not the best piece of steak that I had, but none the less it was yummy!. . I also have to rave about their bread! Talk about coming straight from the oven! The outside was crispy and the inside was fluffy! I think the bread was also the highlight of the evening!!
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday in January 2012. We're big fans of Top Chef, so expectations were high. We ended up ordering the Chef's selection, which includes an appetizer course, main course, and desert course. It was a TON of food. Quantity was not an issue here.  What we got:. . Appetizers. 1. Lobster bisque . 2. Shrimp cocktail. 3. Casear salad . 4. Wild arugula salad. Main course. 1. Three steaks (NY Strip, Filet Mignon, Porterhouse). 2. Sides (potato puree, mushrooms). Deserts. 1. Cinnamon Monkey Bread. (there might have been another desert, but I forget... I was in a food coma by this point).. . The appetizers, sides and deserts all deserve 5 stars (the lobster bisque is one of the best I've had). Ironically, the steak was the weakest point of the dinner. We asked for medium and the filet mignon was more like well done. The NY strip and porterhouse were better than the filet, but they were just ok. I've had much better steak at other restaurants. BTW, I also recommend the cocktails. They're very good.. . Overall, an excellent dinner and restaurant. However, given the issue with the steak, I can only give Craftsteak 4 stars. Sorry Tom.
Went during NYE and even though they were busy the service was excellent.  One of the best steaks I've had in a really long time.  Had a terrible dinning experience at MiX earlier and I was a little gun shy but Craft did not disappoint.  Had the flat iron which was buttery and awesome but the veggies really made the meal great.  .  . Definitely worth another stop when I'm in vegas again after I curse out the a-holes at mix.
The best things about this place: the mini dinner roles w/ sea salt, the short ribs, three philosophers beer, & our Ethiopian waiter!  It's difficult to find short ribs on a menu, so thank you Tom & co.  Great food, would recommend & go back for sure!
Wow! Hubby and I made reservations for Craftsteak thanks to our fellow Yelpers. We had originally planned to go to Seablue, but the poor reviews for service made us change our mind. 6pm reservation, and we were seated immediately in an almost-empty restaurant. That sort of freaked me out--what Vegas restaurant is nearly desolate on a Wednesday evening? The good part of that was that our food was delivered very promptly...and the food. Oh my God.. . Bread: Comes out in its own mini baking tray. Six perfect rolls topped with sea salt and served with delicious butter. They were deliciously addictive, and I wish we hadn't eaten so much of it. It really dampened my appetite.... . Lobster Bisque: Holy caloric explosion, Batman! The bowl is placed in front of you with huge chunks of lobster in the bottom, and then the sous pot filled with the creamiest bisque is poured into the bowl. It was truly amazing. My husband had the Caesar salad with pickled anchovies, and it was perfect--crisp, cold, flavorful and very big for an appetizer. In hindsight, we should have split an app instead of ordering two.. . Main course: Hubby got the surf and turf. His filet was delectable, but his shrimp were just okay. He liked them fine, but he referred to them as "nothing to write home about." My flat iron steak was perfectly cooked, and so flavorful that I closed my eyes with each bite. It was nearly a religious experience. . . Sides: We ordered two sides, not knowing that one side would have easily sufficed. Husband got the fingerling potatoes, which were perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. I ordered the sugar snap peas which had just been picked THAT MORNING. They were so delicious--al dente, crisp, sweet and served on some sort of light chili sauce that made the favors pop. Truly amazing.. . Dessert: Just couldn't. I couldn't even finish my meal, so I wasn't about to go hog wild on dessert.. . Service: Top notch. We had at least three separate staff working our table, including one woman whose only job was to place our silverware. I want that gig. Everyone was friendly, attentive and congenial. One of the most expensive meals of our young lives, but worth it in every way. And Joe was the bees knees. We'll definitely be back!. . Tips: Order one side for every two people. Share your appetizers. Easy on the bread. And why bring kids to a steak house where the cheapest cut of meat is $40? Enjoy!
I planned for our dinner at Crafsteak to be on my birthday since I'm a huge Top Chef fan and have been looking forward to this for months.. . We made 7pm reservations and were seated immediately into a huge booth. I ordered a raspberry martini ($17) and my husband ordered a Chimay red.  We had already talked about it before hand (in my months of studying the menu) and we went with the Domestic Wagyu tasting menu.. . Here's what we got:. . Starters/salads-. Prosciutto San Daniele with seckel pear. Ceasar Salad with pickeled anchovy. Pacific Blue Prawns with cocktail sauce. Frisee salad with poached egg and bacon. . At first I wasn't happy because I've never had prosciutto nor shrimp and didn't think I'd like either. Stupid me. I'm at CRAFTfreakingSTEAK. The prosciutto was like butter and was so good when paired with a bite of the ceasar salad.  I don't have a good reason for never trying shrimp before, but it just never appealed to me until tonight. Of course the waiter had to show me how to remove the heads, but they were firm and mild and super tasty.  My husband enjoyed the frisee salad a lot.. . Steak/sides-. Filet. NY Strip. Yukon Gold Puree. Glazed White Carrots. Asparagus with lemon zest. . The filet and potato puree were the most delicious things I've ever had (save for the lobster mashed potatoes the previous night at Kokomo's) in my LIFE. Wow. I couldn't stop eating them. The greasy, glazed carrots were a throw-away. Boring and too crunchy for us. The asparagus was pretty average too. The NY Strip was underdone (we asked for medium) and left a lot of blood on my husband's plate. I took one piece, took a bite and put it back. Not for me. My husband enjoyed it though.  I mentioned the temperature problem to the waiter and he offered to buy us a drink, so I got another martini that I never finished since I was getting so full.. . Desserts-. Fruit plate. Strawberry sorbet and apple pie ice cream. Monkey bread with vanilla ice cream. Flourless chocolate cake with blood orange sorbet. . We were SO full by this time, that we only had room for a few bites. They were nice enough to put candles in 2 of the desserts (my husband's birthday was the day prior), which was sweet.  The monkey bread was heavenly and I loved the apple pie ice creams. The sorbets were really delicious too.. . Overall, we were very happy with our dinner and cannot wait to make another trip to Vegas.
Awesome place! Food, service, drinks... all excellent.  Could not have asked for much better!  Extremely expensive, but enjoyable.  So why only 4 stars? Here's my thing... if I can find anything to complain about at all, it can't be 5 star.  Overall, I loved it.  But there were a few buts.... . Food: new york steak - yum! Had a few tough grissly parts (which a $60 steak shouldn't have), and could have used a little more seasoning.  Potato gratin - great flavor, needed to cook a little longer.  Potatoes had a bit much crunch to them.  Monkey bread dessert - OMG out of the world yummy!!!!. . Drink:  I was in the mood for a pommegranate martini, so they made me one.  BEST DRINK EVER!!! seriously... i will have dreams about this cocktail.  so good!. . service:  excellent.
Excellent meal for 2~ not sure it was worth $300 (without even one cocktail or dessert)  but the food, service and ambience was mostly excellent. . Had the arugula & pinenut salad, glazed baby carrots, pancetta risotto, assorted mushrooms and surf and turf (filet and scallops)..  The salad dressing was VERY tart and the salad was way too big or shouldve been shared (wish the waiter mentioned that). Salad could have used a few more ingredients ..maybe egg and/or bleu cheese...definitely needed something to cut the sour vinaigrette. The filet and scallops were seared perfectly and delicious.. The assorted mushrooms and baby carrots with rosemary were also very good but maybe a little big for 2 people. . Great meal, bring a huge wallet.
Best steak and tasting menu ever.  Love it. Worth the money. We had three different kinds of steak, a cucumber salad with a super well balanced vinegarette, quail, mashed potatoes, cord, and a lobster bisque. Everything was exceptional and simply made. . . We are going back every time we visit Las Vegas.
We accidently made reservations for the wrong night but they still honored our reservation so that was a relief and very kind of them since it was a Saturday night.. . Lobster Bisque. Really good and creamy....they actually bring you a soup bowl of lobster and then pour the soup into the bowl in front of you so that was neat.  . . Wagyu Tartar. Very tasty, comes with little pieces of crusty toast.  Pretty decent portion, there were 3 of us sharing this and there was enough to satisfy all 3 of us. . . Braised Short Rib. Very heavy, rich dish....it was also very salty....came in a big pot....probably should be eaten with some kind of starch.  I will say that the meat was very tender.. . Broccoli. Just a side of broccoli drenched in butter/oil.
So I did go here two years ago, not recently, but I loved it so much that I just HAD to review it! I didn't know much about the Colicchio restaurants when I went here but my boyfriend and I were staying at the MGM Grand. It was the week before Christmas and this was one of only three restaurants open in our hotel so we decided to go our first night. And I am so glad we did! It set a high bar that was never cracked. The food was unreal, service great, and ambiance felt very cool and hip but not too loud. They also had monkey bread (made from cinnamon roll batter) for dessert! I had only had this at sleepaway camp and didn't realize it existed elsewhere! Very pricey, but hey, what isn't in Vegas? Definitely worth it but not to attend as a regular.
We had a large group dinner here on Saturday night and I must say, they took care of our group very well. I thought all the steaks were very flavorful...NY strip Wagyu was my favorite...and Rib Eye was pretty damn good as well. They had a nice wine selection (mark up wasn't too too bad). Overall sides were prepared well and tasted great (we stuck to mainly the Vegetable selection: asparagus, green beans, mushrooms, and mini squash). Overall, I would definitely come back.
Recommended by our buddies Mark and My, Janette went here to celebrate a bunch birthday/graduation/early anniversary.. . We ordered the Wagyu Prixe Fix.... and wow do they give you a ton of food, especially for 2 people.. . Buffalo Mozzarella - pretty good... slightly gamey tasting, comparable to a goat cheese flavorwise, but not as pungent or creamy. The red peppers really brought out a nice flavor to the cheese.. . Caesar Salad - nothing really spectacular about this, other than it being a standard Caesar with ultra fresh ingredients. If you like anchovies like I do, you'd probably want a couple more.. . Wagyu Carpacio - excellent. Wagyu carpacio with a quail egg in the middle. This was insanely tender and flavorful, and went well with the crusty bread.. . Avocado Salad - also amazing... what stood out were the onions and cucumbers which were a perfect sweet and sour, which aided in complimenting the creaminess of the avocado.. . Roasted Corn - the server said this would be the best side... and I agree. This was amazing... perfectly roasted, sweet, and just the texture... crunchy poppy... . . Chive Potato Puree - too salty. a lot of butter which is normally good but it was definitely over slated. This makes me sad only because I love chives and potatoes. I still inhaled it though.. . Mushroom Assortment - this was OK... a good assortment of mushrooms that had a variety of textures and flavors that ranged from very woody to chewy. Maybe i expected portabellos.... . Wagyu Filet - not gonna lie... this was incredibly tender, and you could really notice that there was a higher fat content in this than typical filets by the way the flavor was retained. Perfectly cooked rare to our (my)_ liking. And like most good steaks, the seasoning was simple.. . Wagyu Ribeye - surprisingly leaner than i expected, considering I've had my share of great steaks. I was expecting this to have tons more fat equating to tons more flavor. This is the first time I prefered the filet over the rib eye. I also realized that I may prefer aged rib eyes as well.. . Monkey Bread - very similar to what Janette makes, with the only difference being that the dough was less dense. . . Apricot and Citrus Sorbet - another great dessert to cut the richness of the dishes. A good amount of citrus acidity and flavor. . Strawberry shortcake (modern take/deconstructed). very interesting take, with the rice crispy adding a great textural flavor. The strawberry ice was refreshing but had a slight amount of bitterness. This also cut the richness from the meal.. . Assorted seasonl fruits - plane jane stuff. All were sweet. nothing really spectacular but still also a refreshing end.. . Overall the meal was great... a lot of highs and a few disappointments. Pricewise, you're actually getting a good deal for Wagyu in comparison with their Angus, as Wagyu can run twice as much, and you're only paying about a 20 dollar difference per steak. The service was spectacular and the ambiance was great.
I try my best to eat at a new steakhouse every time I'm in Vegas. This past trip, Craftsteak was one that I had been wanting to try for awhile now. . . I went here with a party of 5 and we all decided to do the chef's tasting. We ended up doing the wagyu tasting, which I believe was $140 per person. Just FYI, if one person wants to do the tasting, then everyone has to do the tasting, they won't just do it for a few people in your party. It's just because of the way they serve it, family style. But i think the tasting menu is the way to go because you get to try so many things!. . First off, the service was absolutely amazing. We had two waitresses, but then other waiters/waitresses would come by to check on us as well. Everyone was great and very friendly which is a huge plus for me.. . We decided to go for the wine pairing because it was easier then trying to find some decent bottles of wine that everyone could agree on. It came with three wines, a chardonnay I think from nickel nickel, a cab from Jordan winery, and then some kind of dessert wine. I'm not usually a fan of white wine, but it did pair well with the first course. . . First course was all appetizers. I honestly can't remember everything they brought out but there were 5 or 6 appetizers in total that came out and they were all delicious. . . Second course was the meat and sides. I know one of the sides was mashed potatoes, the other one was carrots, we had peas with hot sauce, and asparagus. I didn't try the peas because hot sauce of peas just didn't sound appealing to me, but according to the other people in the party, it was good. I always make the mistake of filing up on mashed potatoes because that is my favorite side of all time, and this time was no exception. . . They literally give you 5 or 6 cuts of meat! It is heaven. Here is the mistake we made and you should definitely try to avoid this if you like your meat medium rare/rare: since the meat comes in cask iron skillets, take out all of the pieces of meat and put them on your regular plates. What happened was that we left the steak in the skillets (rookie mistake, I know) and by the time we got to the last few cuts, it was well done. So the first few cuts we had were absolutely amazing, however, as we got to the better cuts (we saved best for last) they were overcooked :( All in all, still a very good meal. . . Just when you think you're going to explode, dessert comes out. You seriously want to save room because it is quite the spread. Any dessert you're craving, they will have it. I seriously think they brought out 8 desserts for the 5 of us. They were all spectacular. . . This place is definitely worth the money but just know that it is not going to be a cheap meal, so save your pennies or walk away from that blackjack table while you're ahead!
We've ordered the Waygu Skirt steak and the Waygu Rib-Eye. The skirt steak is hands down their best cut. I'm usually not a fan of skirt steak and more of a ribeye or porterhouse fan, but at this place it is very good. Super flavorful and tender. The ribeye wasn't anything special. Their steaks are all pre-cut when they bring it out, it might be a personal preference but I like cutting it myself. . . We weren't too impressed with any of the sides and for dessert you have to try the monkey bread. You'll never be able to get something like that anywhere else.. . All in all it's a great place for a great meal.
Food here is excellent and drinks are strong! Great place to go if you want an excellent steak house on the strip!
Wowzers, this was one of the best short ribs I have ever had. And for only $39 it was a steal. I love it when I don't need to use a fork on my meat, it was so tender. . . I also got the heirloom tomato salad which was huge ($16). My friend got the ceasar salad and it came with anchovies which he picked out LOL. For my starch we had the the potatoes pureed ($14) and gratin ($14). I like the puree better with the chives. The gratin had a funny sour taste to them for me. I don't know if it was the fancy cheese they used or what. . . Service was impeccable. Wish he had a better table though but we took what we could get without any reservations. . . You can easily spend over $100 per person here so be careful! Serving sizes are HUGE, we took everything home.
Solid meal. Service was almost impeccable. . . I took my husband here for his 30th birthday. What better place to take a dude than to a steak house right? RIGHT!. . We went with the domestic wagyu chef's tasting menu. They say "three courses" but what they mean is you get three rounds of food piling up at your table. There were multiple appetizers, multiple steaks, and multiple desserts. If there was something you really wanted - they were pretty accommodating in making any changes.. . On top of the three course meal - we also ordered a dozen little neck clams.. . Appetizers + the clams came out and they were outstanding. The clams were fresh and delicious and the appetizers were really good. I hate to say this - but I'd even say the appetizers stood out more than the steak (I know... blasphemy for a steak place). The shrimp were the highlight of the appetizer section followed really closely by the clams.. . The steaks: I can't remember... but we got 4 different cuts of steak and a bunch of sides - including the really delicious mashed potatoes. Although by this point, we were literally bursting to the seams. We ended up packing 1/2 away for snack later.. . Dessert - 4 different desserts - although one of them is a fruit plate but I think that still counts since it wasn't just fruit cut up... At this point we were just trying to eat whatever wouldn't keep for a few hours because our stomachs were packed.. . While the three course tasting was fun - I'd probably do this place a la carte. The portions were ridiculous for 2 people and I felt like I couldn't enjoy my steak as much since I was pretty much full after all the appetizers. . . Overall, worth a visit - but come with a hungry stomach!
I went here for my birthday and I was really happy I went here instead of STK.  The food was really really good!  I had the mussels for an appetizer and it was so good I had to refrain from eating all of it (it was a very large portion) otherwise I would have been too full for my steak.  I had the filet mignon and my bf had the tbone.  They were both cooked to perfection, so tender and juicy.  We ordered asparagus, carrots and potatoes au gratin for the sides.  The asparagus and the potatoes were so good and they give very good sized portions...I took off one star because I was not a fan of the carrots...me and my boyfriend ate one piece each and could not stomach another piece...pass on the carrots!  Other than that the food was great, so great I stuffed myself and had no room for dessert, which really bummed me out because I wanted to try their monkey bread (I heard it is yummy!)
I don't know who this chef is, but one of the girls from the conference was raving about him and this steakhouse. I don't eat beef so I ordered a salmon entree while she had the 8 oz. flat iron steak. Another girl had their scallop appetizer and we all shared the Italian buffalo mozzarella, potato puree, and baby spinach side dishes.. . I have to admit that the potato puree was fantastic, especially when eaten with the garlic spinach. It was so smooth, creamy, and flavorful with a sprinkling of chives! The biffalo mozzarella was also delicious. The tapenade on top with hazelnuts complemented it well. My friend enjoyed her flat iron steak. She was in beef heaven! She also had a dark and stormy, which is some kind of cocktail with ginger beer. It reminded me of a moscow mule. My salmon dish was pretty good, but not spectacular. It was a pretty thick filet with a nice crust on a bed of swiss chard.. . For dessert, we had the cinnamon monkey bread. I was so full, but did have a bite of the ice cream with caramel sauce. While the ice cream was tasty, the sauce was way too sweet! I couldn't handle anymore and didn't even bother to eat the cinnamon bread, which was drenched in the caramel sauce.. . It's a very expensive restaurant with excellent service and a nice wine list. We were seated at a table that was perfect for people watching. My friends and I did notice the fairly large number of men that were there in groups. And they didn't look like bachelor party type guys either. They were older gentlemen in nice attire, drinking wine and enjoying their meat. Totally right up my friend's alley! I predict many outings to steakhouses in her future.
Went with 4 girlfriends this last weekend. Food was absolutely delicious and the service was great. One thing we learned was the portions were huge. 4 of us left ceasar salad on the plate for the 1st course. We all ordered different steaks for the main course. Two of us could have shared a steak - they were that big! The sides we had were all great: Grits, potatoes, spinach and mushrooms. The grits really stood out. We were too full for dessert.
Craftsteak was really a great Steak House experience. I came here with 4 of my boys for our big dinner out during a bachelor party weekend. (There are plenty of other reviews covering our Shenanigans). . At any rate they won me over from the start because they carry Hudson River Whiskeys' line of fine whiskeys including, the Baby Bourbon. That immediately got the night off to a great start! . . I started off with the Lobster Bisque which was excellent! One of the best I've had with a generous serving of Lobster. The bisque was prepared excellently. Then I got right down to business with my 20 oz Bone-In Ribeye with Blue Cheese. I ordred it medium-rare and it also was prepared excellently. The side dishes were excellent too; sauteed spinach, mushroom assortment, and ground grits with bacon. I paired my main course with a nice Willamette Pinot Noir.. . All in all, it was a great steak. I wasn't sure it was the best steak I've ever had, but with the amount of steak houses I've been to I'm not sure I can really tell anymore. The service definitely puts on par if not apart with the big boys like Morton's and Capital Grille. I throughly pleased and unlike the Big 4, it's not everywhere!. . It was a great dining experience, if you're in Vegas definitely check it out.
Bachelor party weekend 1st night kick-off dinner. Had Reservations for 5. They walked us all the way through and straight to the back. OH HELL NO!. . Corrected that real quick. Seated us in the main area...ahhhh that's better, nice ambiance.. . After all the partying up to that point and with a full night ahead, I didn't want to pass out late night so only ate a lil bit of food. . . Ordered a Cesar salad---just ok & Sea Diver Scallops---very tasty! I opted for wine this evening (again trying to pace myself) Riesling was delicious. . . Couple guys had steaks and sides. Some ordered Lobster bisque and shrimp cocktail another guy followed my lead and ordered a salad.... . With tip the bill was just over $300 so very reasonable for a high end steakhouse.. . Service was good but you know it wasn't special... (reminds me of a frat boy saying "yeah I $#%^@* her". . . I feel the same way about Craftsteak it's just a restaurant, what you see is what you get. But we did have a good time and enjoyed our meals so recommended without reservation yelpers!
We had a work celebration dinner here the other night and spent over $4,000 on the meal and cocktails for everyone.  I was lucky enough to try several things on the menu because it was served family style.  It is a very traditional steak house, with an impeccable attention to detail.  3 items that I will remember were the flat iron beef, which had a great flavor and perfect char.  Our potato puree was a great accompaniment.  Very rich and creamy.  For dessert, the sorbet was awesome.  All ice cream flavors were delicious and unique.  I would put this restaurant in my Top 10 Steakhouses for sure.  There were no famous TV chef sightings ;-). . Property - 4 stars. Staff - 5 stars. Ambience - 4 stars. Food - 4 stars. Price - 4 stars
A great guy's night out dinner spot. Very expensive, prepare to PAY. Even compared to the other Crafts, this one stands out on price. . . Take note, the fries are huge! A great thing to share with the table.. The grits were tasty.. The sticky bun dessert was wonderful.
Fantastic new york strip! . . They correctly cooked the steak to medium rare, not medium nor medium well. . . The side dishes could use a little work. The spinach and the asparagus were both over cooked, that being said, all the entrees and appetizers were delicious.
You honestly don't even need to read this review, but instead just know this: My experience at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak was one of the best I've ever had: anywhere.. . Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?. . Quick and knowledgeable, even though the place was absolutely packed on a Friday night. No complaints here. Star Granted.. . Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?. . This is tough, considering my party essentially ordered an all-you-can eat, four course feast. Can you put an acceptable price on all-you-can-eat dining of the highest quality? No, but Craftsteak decided it amounted to about $200 per person including drinks. That's high. Very high, but not only is this Vegas, but it's a restaurant inside a hotel, let alone the MGM. To be completely honest? I'm usually a sticker when it comes to overpriced luxury food, but this was so good that I can't complain. It's Vegas: treat yourself. Star Granted.. . Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?. . I will be the first to say that I have no appreciation whatsoever for fine dining, especially when it comes to steak, but this was some of the best food I've ever had. From the fantastic rolls to the appetizers ranging from peppers to prawns, the meal was made even better by the various cuts of meat and breathtaking dessert. Dual Stars Granted.. . Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?. . I would, without question, eat here every day if I could afford it, but I'll pump the breaks here just because, at the end of the day, you really are overpaying based on the atmosphere and the high price point set by Vegas dining. No Star Granted.
Came here for my birthday over Labor Day weekend with my husband and it was fantastic.  We didn't go all out with the course meals, instead we ordered filet mignon, new york strip, the mushroom assortment, and the potato puree.  Also got a bottle of wine to go with it.  . . Everything was good.  I ordered my filet medium rare.  Only the center was really medium rare, a good 3/4 inch around the edges were more medium to well done which I didn't like as much but it was very tasty.   I really liked the mushroom assortment - lot of butter but it was unique and I liked the different mushrooms they had.  The potato puree comes - it's literally a pot of mashed potatoes.  Fatty but delicious- the pot was quite big.. . Overall I liked it, and it was convenient as we were staying @ the Signature.
I really enjoyed eating here.  I liked the decorating and it was inviting.  I got the filet mignon and it was good but could have used a little more salt.  I tried the sun chokes for the first time and loved them.  Loved the bread!  I liked the warm frisee salad but there was a lot of it for just one person.  Would definitely go back.
Still one of my favorites for steaks in Las Vegas.  Though the menu is on the pricier side, they have some of the best steaks you will find in Vegas.  Their kobe beef cuts are excellent and their filet mignon is always tender.  If you are eating with a group of people who are really hungy their kobe beef tasting menu is a great value and worth the experience.
Best Lobster Bisque I've ever had, by far. I don't get excited about food often, but this soup is amazing. Deep bowl with giant nugs of delicious lobster.. . Other food is great as well... typical high class steak/seafood joint in vegas.. . Only reason I didn't mark 5 stars is the price, but it's Vegas so no surprises there...
Overall, this was a fantastic experience. We had reservations for 6:30 and arrived about 25 minutes early. They got us in promptly with no issues. The hostess was extremely nice. Our waitress arrived shortly after we were seated and was exceedingly pleasant along with the rest of the staff who served us.. . My date and I each got the three course Angus Chef's special (a little pricey at $119/person, but not ludicrous for this type of place). The meal choice was the best thing we could have done. Each course was a surprise of 4-5 dishes, all of which were delicious. Our cuts of T-bone and Rib eye steak were tender and seasoned to perfection. The cuts of wagyu beef are supposedly better, but it's hard to imagine the extra cost being worth it with how tasty our meals were. By the time our four dessert samples arrived, we were pretty full; however, we manged to try everything. Make sure you save room. It's worth it.. . My only qualms about our dinner was it took longer than it should have to get our drinks and a long time to get our final check. Otherwise, I'd rate this 5 stars. If you're looking for a fancy dinner with lots of food options, check this place out.
Food/table service: 5 stars. Bar service: 0 stars. . We loved this place so much on the last trip, we had to go back!  The visit started shaky... seems like reservation or not, you're waiting for a table every time.  So we finally found a seat at the bar.  Omg... bartender wasn't friendly at all. and soooo impatient.  when he decided to grace us with his presence, i had a question about a drink. nope... he just threw a drink menu at me and moved on to other people.  no, they were not THAT busy.  came back and it was the same thing... if you don't have an immediate drink, he was rude.  the people behind us said the same thing.  oh, and the drink he made sucked.. . ok, moving on to the table things got so much better.  the waiters are really really great.  really, service was perfect.  super helpful, very friendly, incredibly professional.  and the food.  ooohhhh the food!!! we did the full wagyu experience - apps, salads, steak, dessert... the works.  perfect. all of it.  steaks were cooked and seasoned to perfection.  ribeye was my favorite, the bf loved the new york.  green beans were our fav of the sides, and we went nuts for the frisee salad. could have eaten that all night. dessert, you MUST try the monkey bread. i don't care how full you think you are... order it!!! it's life-altering kind of good.  wine was also excellent - the waiter made a great selection for me.. . yes, we'll totally be back. next time, we'll just skip the bar.
It pains me to write this, but Craftsteak was a letdown. Or, rather, the steak was a letdown, and, at that price, a letdown feels pretty devastating. . . Everything but the steak, though, was great. The decor was hip and elegant and comfortable. The service was impeccable.  The corn was the best we've ever had--it was an actual revelation. Ditto the fruit and monkeybread.. . But you don't got to Craftsteak for corn or fruit or monkeybread. You go for steak, and our steaks (domestic Wagyu) were overcooked, and not particularly flavorful.  I've had better, several times, and for far less money. . . So, if I had to do it again, here's what I would do differently:. . No Wagyu.. . No tasting menu. Two tasting menus for two people = an obscene amount of food. One appetizer or salad, one or two sides, and two entrees would be a much better proposition.
Made RSVP using open table, thinking we would get a decent table. We were placed right next to the bar, it was loud and a bit crowded. . Our waitress was really nice, she took attention to answer all questions we had. For our first course, My hubby had the lobster bisque and i had spinach salad.  portions were pretty big, we should have shared the salad.  Main course, he had  NY strip and I had filet mignon. He said his steak was good. Mine was good, cooked to my liking Shared green beans and fingerling potatoes. They were really good. We left stuffed, was bummed didn't get dessert. Oh and side note, I loved that the waitress made my meal dairy free when I told her I was lactose intolerant.  Overall, It was a great experience. The restaurant itself was not what I expected and we felt a bit overdressed but in Vegas no one cared.
Great food, decent service, and downer of ambiance is the only way of describing Craftsteak. Almost everything we ordered was amazing. The mood of the restaurant was a downer on the night that we went. No subtle mood music, in fact, I was more aware of the staffs conversations then what was going on with my party.. . Onto the positives! The Kumamoto oysters are ordered individually and were delicious. They come with the traditional mignonette, horseradish, lemon, and cocktail sauce. The steak tartare is a staple for my group now. We are trying to find the best in Vegas. Tom Colicchio has a solid one, but not the best. The flavor components are sound, but something more impressive than a plain crostini is needed. The stand out appetizer was the warm friscee salad with blue cheese vin and a poached egg. All very simple ingredients that combine to make magic. Once the salad is tossed and the egg broken, it adds another dimension to the dish. I have never been more dissatisfied with dining family style. I wanted it all to myself.. . Moving on to the 8oz of Australian wagyu. It is seriously butter. It melts in your mouth and makes you go limp. At a hefty price tag, it is still worth it. The filet and New York strip were delicious, but pale in comparison to the wagyu. The rack of lamb comes in four pieces and marbled to perfection. No need for forks and knives, they are to be treated as lollipops once my party got to them. The diver scallops are tender and the fennel salad compliments them so well. The yukon gold mashed potato is what everyone raves about. Are they good? Hell yes, please keep dishing it out. The assorted mushrooms are rather dreamy as well. The Maui onions could keep on coming.  The one downer were the grits. They sounded awesome but fell short. . . All in all with two bottles of wine and split between 5 it still comes out to a hefty price tag. It is just hard to put too much emphasis on money when the food is of this standard.
Tried the Wagyu Beef Chef's Menu, paired with wines.  Very tasty and more than abundant food.  My one regret is that we didn't get to try the desserts at our leisure.  We ran into a time crunch to attend our show and had to pack out our sweet treats for late that night.  Overall a good steak house with high quality food.
A friend made reservations at Craftsteak for our group of seven and, after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, I was a little worried. Well, let me say that all of my concerns were unfounded. We were seated promptly, and the service was first rate. Our waiter was wonderful, and tended to our every need quickly and fully. We all ordered the 3 course Angus Beef dinner, and it was spectacular. The variety and quality of appetizers, side dishes, and deserts was awesome. The beef was mouth watering, and cooked to perfection. This dinner is not cheap (with wine and/or cocktails, about $200 to $250 per person), but worth it for a once a year special evening.
This was my second visit to Craftsteak, my first visit being one of the top meals of my life at the time.  Maybe my expectations were a little too high because of that, but I didn't feel it was as spectacular as the last time.  However, it was still very very very good and I would go back again.  We did the Kobe Surf and Turf tasting menu which at $160 a person ain't a cheap date, but the selection and variety was amazing and we left pleasantly stuffed.  We had 3 types of salad and a shrimp cocktail, 3 types of steak, asparagus, the most delicious buttery mashed potatoes, scallops, and lobster, and a litany of delicious desserts. The service at Craftsteak is wonderful... even though you have a total of 4 people serving you, everyone was very attentive and were playful and not stuffy when they realized we were a laidback casual group.  I really enjoyed my meal but after 2 drinks per person and some very good french press coffee, with tip it was $240 per person, and for that amount, I want my mind to be blown.
Tom, this was a hard decision to make. You left me at a 3.5 but since yelp saved you with a 4. Meat? Delicious. We both had the American wagyu to celebrate and my god, that skirt was the best compromise of quality and price ever. Fantastic at every bite, you could feel the marbled fat melt into tender, buttery meat. Foodgasm that brough silence to the table. The ribeye (which was double the price) was delicious but lost out some of it's flavor due to the fact that it was just sooooo thick. That cut was close to 3 inches thick and made it hard to be a consistent medium all around. . . Mussels were good although I wish there was spoons to taste the rich wine broth. The risotto we ordered as a side went untouched once the steak got here- flavorful and buttery but forgettable even with chunks of bacon inside. . . The service was pretty perfunctory, it wasn't that they didn't try to stop by but it felt rushed and a little insincere since there were just so many other tables they had to pay attention to. There was also a fly that kept visiting our table- when you're dropping over $300 on a meal, you shouldn't be waving flies away. . . The atmosphere and logistics was what failedthe most here though. The LA Craft is romantic, with beautiful layout, quiet atmosphere and amazing service. The tables here are so close, I had to tuck my purse in close next to me so it wouldn't touch the man in the booth next to me. You had trouble getting in and out of inside seats for fear you would brush up against people's dinner plates. The worse were the lounge style dinner tables right out by the front. Total failure of keeping that upscale feel when you feel like you're being packed in like money sardines. If they could give me the LA feel with that delicious wagyu, I'm all Tom's.
4.5 Stars.. . One of my all time favourite steak houses. Located in the MGM at the very back of the casino. Be prepared for a hell of a walk from the strip entrance doors. It's essential to "bring your appetite" if your going to brave the tasting menu.. . Service is spectacular all around. This is old school service, waiters are in tuxedos that make you feel like your the only one that matters. Very impressive. . . They have a great beer that pairs well with Steak. It's called Harviestoun and is aged 15 years in a Highland Park distillery cask. At $30 a pop, it's pricey but a nice treat. . . We selected one of the tasting menus - the chef selected domestic Wagyu beef selection at $160 / per person. This included:. . - Three different starters. We selected the frisee salad, prosciutto and organic lettuce salad. Top ratings on them all.. . - The steak entrees were 1) 8 oz. fillet Mignon and 2) Skirt steak. All cooked medium rare. The beef melted in your mouth. Some of the best steak I ever ate.. . - You get 3 side dishes -  I picked 1) brussel sprouts, 2) mixed mushrooms and 3) potato gratin - all amazing again. The brussel sprouts were the stand out with caramelized bacon and prosciutto. . . These are all good size portions. I'm stuffed at this point but it's time for the desert course. The waiter arrived with a huge dessert plate with 4 different items -  1) Monkey bread (like a cinnamon bun) , carrot cake, cheese cake and and an ice cream selection.. . I have a big appetite, well above average but this was just to much food for a single sitting. Next time I will skip the tasting menu and likely save some money as well. . . Overall... Craftsteak has excellent food and service but very pricey. It's worth it in my opinion, once a year on my annual vegas trip.
I am a huge fan of top chef so I really wanted to try this place out. I came here for my birthday dinner and it was fantastic. The service was great and quick. Seriously the bread is to die for too! Lol. I had the surf and turf. Delish and cooked perfectly. The sides we chose were the asparagus and the garlic potato gratin. They were good but not outstanding. Either way it was a great dinner and met my expectations.
I was here on business and a group of 8 of us were there for dinner.  The dinner rolls were delicious...loved the rock salt on top of them.  The butternut squash soup is incredible!  I would highly recommend that to start.  I also had the watercress and cucumber salad which was also delightful and a nice light start to the meal.  I ordered the rack of lamb...rare.  It was incredible.  I did notice it was a little on the fatty side, but the cut was nice and big and it was so delicious, that no matter how full I felt, I had to finish it.  The table got quite a few sides...assorted mushrooms, pureed sweet potatoes, fingerling potatoes, asparagus and potatoes au gratin.  I wasn't a huge fan of the fingerling potatoes...it was just baked and lacked flavor.  The pureed sweet potatoes were my favorite with the asparagus a close second.  For dessert, you must get the Monkey Bread.  That was absolutely incredible.  I wasn't too fond of the pairing with the Brown Sugar Sour Cream ice cream, but a good vanilla ice cream would be great with the monkey bread.  The ambiance is great although I would do without the paintings of cows with a steak cut written on it.  That is just plain wrong.  lol!
I've had two very good experiences at this establishment and would recommend this steakhouse to anyone visiting Vegas for a special dinner. Yes, it's pricey. You pay for the name. But the quality is very good as well. Please do get the sauteed mushroom side, the hen of the woods variety are my favourite and cooked perfectly. All four of our steaks were cooked as ordered, not more, not less. I just wish we hadn't filled up so much on appetisers so that we could have enjoyed more of the desserts!
From start to finish, this was among the best dining experiences we've had. The service was impeccable, even for a late reservation on New Year's Eve. The food was simply spectacular. I did get the sense that we were on the continuous 'upsell upsell upsell' path though which got frustrating after a while. . . FYI - there is a steak on the menu for $260. . No - I did not have it.. Yes - I defy anyone to spend that sort of money on a steak.. (Yes - if you buy it, I would love to try a bite)
Went before a show and had a terrific meal.  We got nervous when the fabled bread arrived and - frankly - was terrible.  But after that our steaks, our sides, and the service was terrific.   No surprises here but if you are looking for a steak, shrimp cocktail, and a Martini - this place is rock-solid.
Went here to try the Japanese Kobe beef after the US ban was lifted. If you decide to get it, don't get the filet or the australian. Get the New york or Ribeye, whichever they have at the moment. Other than the Kobe steak, it was a regular steakhouse. I'd pick Mastro's over this place any given sunday!
We went to Craftsteak for my birthday, and it did not disappoint. As many yelpers note, the rolls are buttery and hot.  They are serious, try not to fill up on them, but I think you will.  It's okay, happens to the best of us.  They are big league carbs.. . My wife ordered the heirloom tomatoes appetizer, and we had an unfortunate incident.  The server spilled them down my wife's back, and she was wearing a white shirt, so it was beyond noticeable.  But, the manager couldn't have been more friendly about it.  She quickly offered to pay for the dry cleaning and of course replaced the dish, gratis.  So, although that was annoying, accidents happen and they handled it excellently.. . The prosciutto appetizer was a table favorite, as were the shrimp.  My steak was fantastic, a big fat ribeye (if you read any of my other reviews, you will notice a pattern in my choice of steak).  Textbook medium rare  The wine list is very solid, but it's expensive.  But, if you are eating at Craftsteak, you probably weren't looking for value menu pricing.. . Definitely good for a special occasion.
I'm a huge fan of steak as my reviews can attest to and so I'm happy to try them all out for you and report back!. . This restaurant is by far one of the most beautifully laid out restaurants on the strip. The lighting, the wood accents and just the very low-key, mellow ambiance is just fantastic. I couldn't ask for a more beautiful place to dine.. . Before I even get to the food I have to also say that the service here is incredible. You can always tell you're in an expensive restaurant. The wait staff just shines. It's no exception here. No empty glasses, excellent wine and drink selections and no waiting for requests. Being waited on hand and foot is exactly my style!. . Onto the true beauty of this restaurant: the food. Yes, it's a steak restaurant, yes, there are many in Vegas, but none do food quite like Craftsteak. The originality combined with all of the other aspects of this place really elevate it to a different level. . . The food choices are essentially the same for most steak houses. I had the bone-in ribeye and my associate had bison strip loin which I had never tasted. Mine was delicious. It was a nice size steak with just enough marbling to make it melt in the mouth without it venturing into that fatty, greasy taste. It had a nice seared crust that gave it a little crunch to go with the tenderness. Really a nice combo in the mouth. My associate's bison steak took me aback. I'm not a big fan of alternative meat, if you will. Bison just does not conjure up BBQ if you know what I mean. I see prairies and high grass, not a divine piece of meat on a platter. I'm happy to say I now see it both ways. Bison is extremely tender. I was expecting a gamey taste, the sort found on most wild animals (I know, bison are farm raised, but still - BISON?), but was happily surprised with the mild, tender meat that I encountered. I definitely think if you want to step out of your comfort zone you should try this cut of meat. Delicious. . . As sides go they have an amazing assortment. My associate surprised me by ordering grits. I KNOW, RIGHT? I, being from Texas, know what a grit is. I will only eat it for my grandmother. UNTIL NOW. This was the best tasting grit I ever had! It was cooked so perfectly, so tenderly that I wanted to ask it why it didn't taste like this when I was a kid, but grits don't talk. Not even in Texas. So, these white corn grits were topped with bacon and Gruyere cheese and let me tell you if that's all you eat I will not tell anyone. They were an explosion of fabulous taste. I was shocked. I will never think of grits the same way again, I can assure you of THAT.. . We also had the mushroom assortment and they were good, but they weren't done in a way that you'd ask for them again when you went back unless you're a mushroom nut. They were fine, I liked them, next.. . No dessert here, but that will change next time I go. The assortment they had made my mouth water just reading them!. . There is an incredible menu here. It's extensive, but don't take that to mean that they don't everything with flair. Nothing gets left behind here and that's surprising. You'll love it, though. Please bring me some grits when you go, okay? Don't tell my grandma.
It was pretty great, and the price was what you'd expect in Vegas. The whiskey works there too
First I'll start with the reservation wait time since this was what the 1 star deduction was for. I made a reservation for a party of two at 7:30 PM on a Tuesday night during the off-season. When I arrived I was told I would be seated shortly and that tables were just being cleared off. Instead, we waited for 30 minutes and were forgotten about. It was only after I went to speak with a different hostess that they seemed to have remember we were waiting and then we were seated within 10 minutes. So approximately a 40 wait past the reservation, which I find to be unacceptable for such an established restaurant. . . As for the food, the quality was second to none. I had the salmon and my boyfriend had the domestic Wagu strip steak. He thought it was the best steak he has ever had and is a big steak fan, and I thought for a steak house especially, that the salmon was great. Both dishes were cooked perfectly to order. The sides were AWESOME. We got the potato puree, vegetables, potatoes, and a few other things. Portions are HUGE and easily share-able. Also the bottle of red wine which was approximately $90 was very good and complimented the meal well. The server was very friendly, attentive, and knew a lot about the menu and suggestions/parings. . . Overall great experience and great food.
Came here for NYE and had a great time with my friends. Only complaint is that  took 1/2hr to get table ready after we arrived for our reservation time. Besides that food and service was great. Menu may be confusing, but waiter will be happy to explain anything, just ask.
my husband took me here on my birthday and it was probably one of the best meals i've ever eaten.  getting the wagyu skirt steak was the best decision i made.  a pricey steak, but i don't think i'll ever eat a steak as delicious as that one.  we both had steak entrees, a couple sides, a cocktail and a dessert.  dinner was about $200... well worth it.  not something i would do all the time, but a great treat!
Got the Wagyu tasting with 4 other brave souls who would go in on it with me.  I think it came with 5 cuts (prob about 1 lb per type - filet, ribeye, sirloin, short rib, etc.) and almost all the apps, sides, and desserts.  It was definitely not cheap (~$200pp), but in hindsight I think you could actually order that tasting for 2 people and then get 1-2 other entrees and basically share it with 4 or 5 other people.  I also went back with my family and had a great normal meal there.  The food was cooked perfectly and the service was great.
Although there are more than enough people to vouch for TC's Craftsteak, I still feel the need to talk it up.  I went to Craftsteak recently, end of December - New year's eve weekend.  . . I'll go right to it.  The best way to start any meal would be with that tasty, fluffy, buttery bread/rolls they serve.  I could not stop eating. I would go back solely for the bread and the lobster bisque.  The bisque was the perfect temperature, creamy, well seasoned, and had pieces of lobster in it.  Yay!! My only regret is that I shared. . . . I decided to go for the typical filet mignon, which was marinated nicely.  It was slightly under medium rare, which is one of the reasons for four stars instead of five.  Overall, I enjoyed my black angus.  For dessert, I had the chocolate souffle. It was yummy.  I love any melting chocolate with a scoop of ice cream.  My only complain is that I would have liked a warning about how small it was - couldn't even get my spoon in there.  . . Another reason it has four and not five stars is because there are paintings of cows everywhere! COME ON!!! I'll never go vegan, I love beef too much.  However, I don't want it staring at me while I am eating it.
Craftsteak use to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Unfortunately something's changed and it just wasn't the same.   Still good but not sure I will be back. . Bourbon list is extensive and the best part of my evening. Ordered oysters to start which were good. Wine list is also extensive but lacks middle of the road cabs. . . Waygu NY strip ordered medium rare came out more medium and lacked that pop I was expecting. Cheesy grits with bacon was delicious.
This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.  Why am I giving it 4 stars?  It's because it's so damn expensive.  The steak and the sides were great, the portions were humongous, the desserts were delightful, but was it worth $460 for 2 people?  Uhhh....not so  much.  Yes the meal was better than your run of the mill chains like Claim Jumper or TGI Fridays, but for half the price at a place at let's say....Ruth Chris' Steak House, I would say I'd stick with that.  We had the pre-set menu with the American Wagyu Surf N Turf.  For a special occasion, like Valentines Day, yes it is well worth it.  But would I go on a regular basis?  Probably not, I'm going to stick with Morton's or Maestro's for my usual Steak cravings.
The atmosphere was nice but the table booth was a little small.  Avoid a booth if you have a larger group.  The appetizers were great.  Especially the caesar salad and the fresh baked bread for the table.  We all did the 3 course domestic wagyu meal which is a great way to sample all the cuts, sides and desserts.  The NY cut was delicious.  The filet melted in your mouth.  The wagyu ribeye lacked that fatty buttery flavor which you come to expect from a ribeye.  Was not really impressed with the "wagyu" and suspect the regular cuts may be a better bang for the buck.  . . For sides, the potato puree and the bacon brussel sprouts were heavenly.  The dessert assortment was also stellar.  The chocolate souffle and bananas foster were both a treat.
Not to shabby- Few other places I prefer (Todd English and Gordon's places) but this was a great meal and we were very well taken care of.. . Try the basil gelato!
Tried the restaurant out with a bachelor party of 15 people.  We had a set menu.  Bread rolls, some type of beef tar tar, asparagus, potatoes, mashed creamy potato, rib eye, braised beef, a third type of steak, ice cream, lime cheese cake, and a glazed pastry.  Overall, some in our group thought the steak was like butter, but I do not think the steak was to that extent.  The rib eye was good, but I had rib eye that was more tender at other places.  The braised beef comes right off the bone.  It was delicious.  The third steak was a bit tough.  The meat comes pre sliced as family style.  The bread rolls were good and I really liked the tar tar.  I enjoyed the sides, but it is probably similar to other restaurants.  I am not much of a desert person, but I thought the glazed pastry and cheese cake was a bit too sweet.  I did not like the lime flavor the cheese cake as well.  There were several sorbet flavors.  I enjoyed it.  . . We had some issues with the service.  We had better service at Chef Ramsay's hamburger restaurant.  We had several servers that were very nice.  However, I noticed a server taking away food that was not finished.  Especially, when I took some of the braised beef and did not want to be a piggy and left some for others.  Afterwards, someone mentioned they wanted to take the last bit and it was taken away, but we left that issue alone.. . After our meal was completed, we had more than half the food leftover (steaks, appetizers, sides, etc.).  A person in our group announced to the waiters to "pack it".  We all heard it.  After we paid and waited for some time.  I already speculated that they did not.  When we asked our waiter about the food, he told us to hold on and got someone else to greet our table.  Most likely a person that cleaned the table or another waiter that I do not remember too much.  His demeanor and response was rude and unapologetic.  He stood at the corner of the room and asked what happened.  As we explained the situation, he had a serious pissed looked and said "I did not hear you" sternly.  We all responded together that we heard him say it.  The waiter with the same annoying look, "Well, I did not hear you, what do you want me to do about it?", "well, I'm sorry" (serious annoyed look).  We paid over $100 a person.  The way he spoke to us was damn rude.  If he just showed some sympathy and sincerely apologized, which I think most of us would for throwing away half a dinner that cost over $2,000, we would half walked away.. . We spoke to the manager and he handled it well.  He apologized and gave us a credit on our bill and a round of drinks.  Good job sir!  I can not really blame all the servers for one, but I had to let everyone know about this incident.  The steak is better than average, but not the best I had.  It is not enough to allure me to come back.
Scallops were perfect. My corn side dish was amazing and I'd eat the entire thing by myself if I could. My friends enjoyed their filets and chicken. Would I go back? Of course.
service, food, and ambiance was great!
I really like this place! The layout, atmosphere and ambiance is just right. The bartender is topnotch. Out booth was very intimate and our waiter was very attentive and professional. I really wanted to try every single appetizer on the menu, and this is what I should have done. Yes, our scallops appetizer was fantastic, and our entrees (New-York and Rib-Eye) were cooked to perfection. And the side dishes are not your usual steakhouse side dishes, not to get into the details (see the menu online) Bare in mind that the meat are a good portion, and If you order generous sides, it will be a challenge finishing the meal...Unless you have just ran around the Las Vegas airport and you are super hungry! Next time, we will focus more on the appetizers and less on the main course.... By the way, their wine and booze menu is over the top. There is a serious Single-Malt selection my friend! As the matter of fact, I believe their drink menu is about 20 times mores extensive then the menu...If you like the good stuff....
Amazing food, outstanding service, great bar staff.. . It's a bit loud, and if you have a large group, you'll pretty much be resigned to talking to the people immediately around you, but that's ok.
Huge portion of lobster bisque. Delicious with huge chunks of lobster. Yum!. . Also had the stuffed squid... which was interesting... not my fav. Pan seared scallops were cooked perfectly. I got the hanger steak which had great flavor and thin. just the way I liked it. Also got the ribeye steak.. it was delicious.. . Got the lemon tart and the earl grey ice cream (my fav!) for dessert and they were both yummy.. . Great ambiance for date night. Must go!
One of the top steakhouses I have been to. Food is great and love the atmosphere.
Excellent service, cocktails and oysters!
Tasty
Excellent experience here. Great service, incredible steaks and 24 hour shortrib, excellent desserts (apricot sorbet blew my mind). Loved the caesar salad, too. The only slight disappointment were the sides, specifically the hen of the woods mushrooms and garlic potato gratin-- both were very oversalted. The potatoes had good base flavor, but they were sliced a little too thick. Definitely worth checking out.
Amazing skirt steak, huge portions, and a very accommodating staff. I went with a friend and we were seated against the wall in a booth that allowed for really fun people watching. We split the aforementioned skirt steak, which I highly recommend. Other highlights include the mushroom assortment and asparagus. We ordered way too much! We would have been totally stuffed with the steak and a single side. On the upside, we had awesome leftovers the next morning. . . Minus one star for the outdated decor-- the place has that tacky Vegas look that doesn't match the food quality.
the steak and lobster were both amazing! definitely one of the best steaks i've ever had. the steak was juicy and the lobster dipped with butter was just to die for. we had reservation for dinner right after it opened so we didnt have to wait at all. we had a show to catch at 7 and told the waiter that and he made sure that we would be done with our dinner before then so we'd make our show on time. He definitely kept his promise. Customer service was supreme. we had two waiters who catered to us. both were very knowledgeable with the food, wine, and steak. One guy was even giving us a history lesson on vegas and the strip and the casinos...so that was super interesting!
Good but to really appreciate it you must be ready to spend
We had reservations @ 7:15pm. . . . We were seated in a booth, which made it better.  The place was pretty full.. The ambiance was romantic and modern.. . Kevin, our waiter was AWESOME! He was very informative and friendly.  Service with a smile and personality! Very personable! Thanks!. . We had the lamb, duck, 32oz and 18oz steaks with the sides of the potato puree and mushroom melody. Steak was amazing! Juicy and flavorful.  I was kind of disappointed with the duck, it wasn't as crispy for my taste.  Servings were so humungous! We had tons of leftovers.. . the most memorable part of this dining experience was all the iphone owners raising their iphones as soon as we got notification of the thunderstorm that was happening and cheering! haha sooo funny! iphone users unite.  (which was most of the restaurant)
This place was fantastic!!! I was looking for a place to take my husband for his birthday. We were originally gonna go to Charlie Palmer steak but  my sister and good friend totally changed my mind and I ended up canceling the reservation the night before and made one for here. It's place is deep in the MGM grand but not hard to find. When we go there, we were sat right away. The hostess was very friendly and asked how we were doing while she took us to the table. We sat down and looked over the menu. One server comes over and greets us and takes our beverage order. he was kind of a younger guy. then another guy comes over (a little older) and takes our food order. I got confused because I wasn't sure who was our server. I guess when the first guy came over, I wasn't listening to him introducing himself and his co-worker that was gonna take care of us. I think that's awesome they partnered up their servers at this restaurant, they can be on top of things. But anyway they bring out dinner rolls. They look like normal dinner rolls with sea salt sprinkled on top. I buttered it up and took a bite, it was a little toasty on the outside and so soft on the inside and oh my that salt goes so well with the roll. I didn't want to eat anymore because I knew I was gonna get full but I did anyway haha. We ordered the Hama Hama oysters and there were a few condiment. It was amazing and so fresh. We wanted to order another half dozen but didn't. We also ordered a Caesar salad, i didn't care too much for it. My scallops were cooked perfect! And my husband's domestic wagyu was like butter and phenomenal! We also got the whipped potatoes (delicious!) and risotto (okay). Souffle was yummy and they also gave my husband a complimentary dessert for his birthday. It was a panna cotta with berries.. That was amazing!! Definitely wanna come back! If you want an wonderful experience, come here!!
So we had the Domestic Waygu tasting for $140 . A great deal for what you get in 4 courses. . . Appetizer. Entree . Side dishes . Dessert . . Cesar Salad, Grilled Corn medley, Scalloped potatoes and assortment of wild mushrooms. The star of the appetizers was the Waygu tartar w/ quail egg and chives!!! Holy crap batman! Mind blown!. . Recommend going with a group so you can taste many different cuts of beef. The 5 of us got all five cuts . Filet, New York, Ribeye, Skirt and Hanger . Then they sent out 5 amazing desserts. . . Final call: Belly's were full and it didn't kill us in the pocket. . Btw a rather robust woman thought she should chime in as she passed saying save your money. Ladies we love you, but you lose against a bloody steak. Chime on.
The BF and I decided to go all out for one dinner in Vegas and we chose Craft which came with some recommendations from friends.. . The food was amazing and the atmosphere is really divine. I'd go back in a heartbeat for the steak that melted in my mouth. . . Only 4 stars because the waiter was a little too pushy for my taste.
Had a great experience at Craftsteak inVegas. I've been to Colicchio and Sons and that was another great meal. Had the rib eye and it was incredible. The only downside to the meal was we didn't love the sides (risotto) but everything else was superb. Marvin was our server and easily one of the best servers we have ever had.
The decor of the restaurant was unusual resembling a modern barn.  The service was excellent.  We ordered a calamari appetizer which was the worst that I have ever tasted.  Each Calamari was stuffed and as I cut into it, the stuffing would escape through the small orifice.  It looked unappealing and tasted worse.  I asked to send it back and the server explained she didn't think I was going to like it as it is often sent back.  The main courses were awesome.  The steaks were prepared as we asked and tasted great.  I would say overall I was expecting more because of the name.
Steak was pretty unbelievable here!  While nothing we ordered really stood out beyond the steak on the menu, the steak is still a good enough reason to go.  Service was very good and as one would expect at a top restaurant.  A little thrown by the "family style" of serving items, but wasn't enough to turn me off.  Definitely recommend if craving meat in Vegas!
my favorite steakhouse, ever. . . i frequented the craftsteak in nyc whenever my pockets would allow (not as often as my stomach would have liked) because it was just good steak done right. so when it closed to make way for colicchio & sons (confession: haven't been), i was downright devastated. sidebar: mr. tom colicchio, how could you do this to us new yorkers?. . but then i heard about the one in vegas (there's one at foxwoods, but i'm at vegas more than i am there), and i was ecstatic; could barely contain my excitement. surely, something i built up so much in my head, had dreams about, cried about (not literally), couldn't be as good as i remembered (glorified?)..... . but. it. was.. . the fresh rolls with butter glazed on top + sea salt? pillows that melt in your mouth. steak? perfectly cooked. side dishes? perfectly seasoned. i mean.. you can't go wrong. . . assuming you haven't lost your life savings at the tables/slot machines, set aside $150 and come treat yourself to a classy steak dinner and chocolate souffle for dessert. . . yes, it's expensive. but 1. you're probably on vacation, 2. it's delicious BEEEEEEF, and 3. you won't be disappointed. i swears.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!  I came in just to order and take back to my room, I ordered the NY Strip, Mashed Potatoes, and a salad.  They included fresh baked rolls. Just know that when you want a good steak, you pay for a good steak. Worth every dollar! Though I couldn't enjoy my meal at that moment, it was just as good the next day.  What can I say, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...okay, I drank way too much and thought a steak and bread would cure my stomach, but just the thought of eating made me sick. lol it's okay though, my boyfriend had no problems helping me enjoy this meal the next day lol. The staff was friendly and very funny. They helped entertain me while I was waiting to take my order back to my room. The guys were friendly and all smiles. Wish I could remember their names. But when I come back we will be sure to dine in and get the full experience of this amazing restaurant.
Lobster bisque...chunky and delicious.   Oysters were cold and clean.  Steak was perfect.  This is a return visit and it was nice to have a go to place.  Service was a little weak, but I'm picky.
Very nice and swanky place.  A little on the pricey side, but still great food.  I had the grilled ribeye and the wide had filet.  Both were cooked perfectly and some of the better steaks we've had.  All steaks are a la carte but sides are large enough to share, but should be at about 15 bucks a pop.
Make sure you ask them to serve the steak while it's still hot. Overall great experience. The quality of the steak was so good I didn't mind it wasn't served as hot as I wanted. The wagyu tartare is awesome and so is the lobster bisque. Expect to spend $90-$100 per person easy.
Late one evening, my friends and i were stumbling through the MGM Grand in search of a hearty meal after a long day's work. They have it all: Italian, Seafood, Chinese, French, you name it...but nothing sounded better than a good steakhouse...so Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak it was! . . I am a huge Lobster Bisque fan, so I couldn't resist trying theirs, and I was really impressed with the overall flavor and the large pieces of Maine lobster meat. I would highly recommend it if you are a lobster fan at all. How much do I love lobster, you ask? Enough to order Surf & Turf with Lobster for my main course (we were at a steakhouse after all)! It was also delicious, and the 6 oz. sirloin was cooked precisely to my request...nice and juicy, but not bloody. The entrees are listed separate from the sides, a I decided to get an order of their Rosemary Fingerling Potatoes, which were the perfect accompaniment to the rest of my meal. I did manage to snitch some of my friend's butternut squash risotto though, and it was ridiculously amazing!. . The atmosphere was very low key and quiet...a nice change from the typical hustle and bustleof the rest of the MGM. If you like your fermented grapes, they have a nice wine selection as well! Everyone in my party enjoyed their dinner and would certainly venture back when in the area, but service was a bit slow even though we were there way past the dinner rush, so I unfortunately couldn't give Craft 5 stars.
The sides were spectacular.  The steak was solid but I think CUT by Wolfgang Steak or Lawry's is slightly better.
Ya... it was really good... but your going to pay for it.  Wasn't the best steak I've ever had but was still very good.  Service was excellent.
From the outside, the restaurant looks small but it's bigger than it looks. I like the ambience and decor. If you're looking for a quick bite,  this is NOT the place to go. Our sitting was about 2.5 hours and there wrre 6 of us. We had the Market Spinach Salad, Foie Gras (sooooo good), $55 rib eye, and chocolate souffle with cappuccino ice cream. Quality of food was good, but I did find a small piece of paper of some sort in my water. It wasn't a big deal to me, I just drank my husband's water. It was a great place to catch up with friends.
K they redeemed themselves. After wanting 23 min past my resv, svc was excellent. Food great and it's a lot. Did the 140 per person, choice 2 steaks , appetizer , salad, sides, and dessert OMG
Three course dinner ftw!! . I'm so glad that the fiance and I finally got to try craftsteak. I've been wanting to try this place for a while because we do love our steaks :). Our favorite place for steaks is Mastro in Beverly Hills. We've also had really great experience at CUT in Vegas. So this time we want to try something different and we chose craftsteak because of the reviews on yelp. We made same day reservation and we were seated immediately after we arrived. . . The server was just alright, he explained the menu very quickly that we both were kinda lost on how the three course menu work. I felt like he shouldn't be in a hurry in explaining the menu, especially because we told him that it was our first time dining there. We have to ended up calling him back to explain it again. Thoroughly.. . We got the domestic wagyu three course meal, and we wanted to get ribeye for both of us but he said that you can't have the same cut of steak in a table, which is weird. So we settled with New York and ribeye cuts. We are allowed to choose 2 salads and 3 sides. We got a wagyu beef tartar and a shrimp cocktail. The tartar was quite amazing (that was my first time eating it), the shrimps in the cocktail was huge and plump, the mozzarella salad was quite yummy and the pork belly salad was just ok (nothing special). . . When the steaks arrived I realized that my ribeye was missing the fatty ring around it, which usually makes the steak much more juicier. I was a little sad, but my fiance's New York steak looks amazing! So I just let it go and moved on to try the sides. The Chanterelles mushroom was delish, the potato gratin was creamy and yummy, but the risotto was too cheesy and looked almost like Mac and cheese. We finished everything except the risotto, which was disappointing. . . We were stuffed at this point and we almost forgot about the desserts. The desserts were chef's choice, so we didn't know what we were getting. The brought out 4 plates of dessert! Wow. We got the monkey bread with caramel and vanilla ice cream, the chocolate peanut butter mousses with chocolate ice cream, white chocolate ice cream and spicy (fruit) sorbet and a plate of mixed fresh fruits. We really liked the monkey bread and the mousse, but the spicy sorbet was bland. . . Overall it was a nice experience to have and we would probably come back once we've tried every other steakhouse there is in Vegas. The ambiance was nice, the service could be better but it was prompt, and the food was really good for the most part. If you feel like trying this place, I'd recommend getting the three course meal for sure. You are going to be getting full size of everything and you will definitely be stuffed at the end. We spent a little bit over $300 before tips, but it was worth every penny because we got a lot of different things.
It's pretty damn good, but with all the great steakhouses in Vegas, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. However, if you're staying at the MGM, its a must try.
So this will be short and sweet the food was really good the servers were awesome. Stacy was verynice!! My one complaint is I was charges $9 for Fiji water but all I drank was ice water from the pitcher on the waiters station right next to my table....next time I'll have to read my receipt before I rush to pay...
Great steak. Juicy. Medium was really a perfect medium. Lobster Bisque is amazing. All the sides were perfectly cooked. . . Definitely expensive. . . I'd come back.
Fantastic is all I can say!. . The 10oz. filet and diver sea scallops melted in my mouth and the fingerling potatoes complimented these dishes nicely.  . . This is a must try and I'll be back again.
If you haven't tried Craft steak in LV, you need too. I had the ribeye and some mussels, and the ribeye was one of the best steaks I've had. The sides are absolutely tasty!!  The service was good, not great, but good..  They need improvement in that area. I also had one of the best martinis I've ever had there..  I enjoy a very filthy martini!!  :0). Ooh la la!  The hand stuffed bleu cheese olives were a delicacy all on its own.  I enjoyed the ambiance, the high quality and taste of their food and didn't think twice or flinch when the bill came..  It was well worth it!!  I'm planning to go again soon.  I really believe you'll enjoy everything about your dining experience here..  Treat yourself every once in a while..  Remember, YOLO!!  (You only live once). Bon appetite yelpers!!  Eat Well!!  YBW (You've Been Warned). PMAN
Craftsteak is.. for the uninitiated, one of the Las Vegas strip's finest steakhouses.  Located at The MGM Grand, I think it is better than Gordon Ramsay at Paris, on par with Jean Georges at Aria and the strongest challenger to the throne of my personal favorite, Carnevino at Palazzo.. . The sexy, elegant, and modern lounge and bar give way to a beautiful and relaxing dining room featuring an open kitchen, comfortable banquettes, lovely booths and ambience to match. This could be a five star experience, however there were some service issues that bothered me.. . For instance, while the service was good per se, and professional, it was also a little stuffy and curt. Again, I felt as if a case of reverse age discrimination was in effect just because me and my dining partners look young and were a bit rowdy and loud as the night wore on, we were written off as poor customers. Excuse me but between the eight of us we probably know more about wine, food and service than most working at Craft, but whatever. Just don't speak to me like I'm an idiot. Hate that.. . There were several attempts at choreographed drops and pick ups of food at the table and all staff members were clearly not on the same page and it made for some uncomfortable glares across the table as well. Awkward. Really? Instead of just dropping my food when it's hot, standing there till everyone is ready? I get it, I really do, but it was a little much. . . It's not a Justin Timberlake concert or the NYC Ballet, it's running food. Gimme it. Drop it. I'm hungry!. . For a party of eight doing a tasting menu on a reservation, and having industry connections, I thought we would have been shown a little more hospitality as was the case up and down the Strip all month. I believe we all felt the experience was a little rushed.. .  Not only did support staff hover around the table but before you could put your fork down from your last bite your plate was being whisked away and the next course being rushed out.. . Another issue.. I don't know if this is just our server or everyone at the restaurant, but aggressively filling the bottled water and bring refills of cocktails without asking Is inappropriate. I've worked in Michelin starred restaurants,  I've worked at a Texas Roadhouse. I don't care where you are, you ask before bringing it. Maybe I didn't WANT five Dark and Stormies?. . Anyway, aside from the rushed, curt service and blatant money grabs, the food was outstanding, the space is beautiful and that's why this place gets four stars. . . We started out with six interesting 2006/8 Italian blends and a enjoyed a big, beautiful,  Bordeaux for dinner, but we never saw the Som, or we probably would've ordered more. Again, was it our Age?. . We all ordered the American Wagyu tasting menu. From the brief, rushed description by our waiter, we were to get three courses.  . . For the first course, appetizers disjointedly flooded the table, and I recall the Handcut Wagyu Tartar as a standout amongst them. I recall also, the risotto underwhelming most at our table.. . As second course, I remember trying numerous salads.. my favorites being the Italian buffalo mozzarella, pork belly, and pan roasted red pepper. . . As the steaks rolled out, so did that lovely Bordeaux.. I wish I could remember the name of it, but I was three or four dark and stormy's deep, not to mention all that wine?. . Steaks.. 14 oz pieces of marbled, juicy heaven from Snake River Farms, all varying cuts. As I mentioned there are a lot of places to get $150 steak in Las Vegas.. Carnevino, STK, Jean George's, Strip steak, Delmonico, Gordon Ramsay.. and of them all, Craft Steak is probably one of my top.. two or three.. . A bunch of the usual sides were at the table but all I remember are the white corn grits. Oh god.. white corn, bacon, Gruyere, and chives and oh my God I could've eaten four more bowls.. . Again before I could even rest my fork, my plate was being whisked way and dessert was brought out. Awkward.. . A TON of delicious food hit the table for dessert, along with some nice Ruby Port. Cinnamon Monkey Bread, Vanilla Cheesecake, Farmers Market Fruit, Ice Creams, and Spicy Sorbet. . . Well, that was a nice surprise. So the meal ended up being a pretty good deal now that I think about it.. considering my steak alone would've been $105.00 plus the appetizers, salads, sides, and dessert. Well we ended up ordering ton of wine and a bunch of cocktails so I guess the restaurant made out well, too. . . If Craftsteak figures out their service glitches and hires some people that want to sell instead of take orders and make sure the Sommelier hits every table, they'd have a five-star restaurant. For now four stars. This is a Tom Colicchio restaurant figurer it out.
Since we didn't hit Craftsteak on our last trip to Vegas, I made a point to eat here this time. No tasting menu this time now that my husband and I have lost 120lbs together and are just eating differently. So, we were a tad more conservative, but still splurged and left with our bellies full. . . We split the lobster bisque to start, which was good, but cannot compare to Kokomo's (which is now closed to make room for Tom's Heritage Steak BOO). I didn't like the large pieces of tarragon on top, which feels like chewing on pieces of grass, but it was tolerable. The lobster was nice and tender.. . For dinner we split the 10oz filet, the potato puree and the risotto.  This was still so much food! The risotto was made with butternut squash and prosciutto and was so rich and creamy and really wonderful. I know this is what properly made risotto tastes like and how easy it can be to get it wrong.  The puree and filet were absolute heaven.. . For dessert we ordered the pumpkin cheesecake and I was pretty disappointed. It was a small circle of mushy pumpkin with a vanilla cream of some kind on top of it. I hate to say it, but Cheesecake Factory cheescake was better than this stuff. Major bummer, thus the deletion of a star. When you pay $15 for dessert at a place like this, you want to shove your face it in and eat 15 of them, not just pick at it and wish it were more like at a chain where you hate their food.
The food, ambiance, and waitstaff is great at craftsteak. Upon arrival my husband and I had some delicious free rolls which came in this nice hot pan with a sprinkle of sea salt on top. Then we shared the diver scallops for our appetizer. They were jumbo sized and cooked perfectly in a light sauce with lemon and fennel. . . For our entrees we shared a rib-eye steak and shortribs. The rib-eye was a huge portion. It was enough that we could have split that alone and been stuffed. I ordered it medium rare and it was spot on, really flavorful and tender. The shortrib was only okay,so I wouldn't order it again. Comparatively the steak was much better. For sides we split the potato puree and the corn grits. Again, huge portions! The potato puree was really smooth and a great complement to the steak. The grits were tasty but pretty heavy. I would only get 2 sides again if I was there with 3 or 4 people. We were beyond full and had to leave a good amount of food on our plates.. . When the check came we expressed how full we were to the waitress and she said next time we could totally share an entree. Score! Next time I'll save some money and have enough room for dessert! I love that they are an uber fancy restaurant but don't mind people sharing.
Nothing "Out-of-the-Box," yet everything was cooked to perfection.  All three meats we choose as a table of four to split were the best 3 meats I have had.  Again, nothing special about the asparagus and carrots, but still perfectly cooked leaving your mouth watering for more.  . . I'd highly recommend spliting a-la-cart items.  It seem like their combos are way too over priced.  . . Service was great and they know their wine!
Amazing meal except........   Too much food.    We went with the tasting menu.    Lobster bisque was really good and had a lot of lobster in comparison to most.    We stuffed ourselves on the main course to the point we couldn't take it anymore, leaving almost have the entree course uneaten.  Just when we are ready to go,  they bring out the desert course.    With FOUR huge plates of desert (there were only two of us).  . . Go hungry..... And don't fill up on the bread.
Creative sides, AMAZING steak and terrific service!
I didn't know what to expect when my brother said, "we're going to craft for dinner". Anyway when we arrived we were promptly seated. I checked out the menu online and knew exactly what I was going to order. I had the spinach/pear salad, the 16oz ribeye and Maui onions. Everything was ala carte. The bread came warm to our table with a touch of sea salt on top. Everything was delicious. The ribeye was cooked perfectly but I barely touched it. I was already full from my salad. I was happy that the ribeye was cooked on the bone as that is where all the flavor is. Not once were our water glasses empty. The. Waitstaff here is exceptional.
steak is very good.. . one of the hosts told us rudely..there r no seats available and twirled her hair..a second later another host told us.. i can seat you guys!  what a weird first encounter/impression craftsteakhouse!. . bone in rib eye was amazing.  we got that and lobster salad, pureed mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts.  the lobster was good but had too much lemon.  it was too sour.  brussel sprouts has bacon and i didn't like em that much. other people ordered spinach and that looks less buttery and better.. . id say order bone in rib eye and mashed potatoes and ur good.  big enough for 2
Every year my boyfriend and I go to Vegas for our anniversary because we met in Vegas. To celebrate our 2nd year together we decided to go to Craftsteak.. . The restaurant is dim lighting and all the tables were filled. . . Bread Basket- Freshly baked bread! I have to wonder why I didn't take this to go! I love bread but I usually get full off the bread basket from eating one to many rolls! lol. . Hand Cut Waygu Tartare- I think I like eating my meat raw. Less chewy but full of flavor. The waygu was tender and great on the crostini. . . Porterhouse- I'll be honest, I only had to pieces because I was so full from the bread and waygu tartare. I cant figure out what makes meat good. It wasn't chewy, the meat was tender and had alot of flavor. My Boyfriend ended up finishing most of it. . . Potato Gratin- creamy, but on the heavy side of coarse. I would probably recommend getting a veggie dish. . . Risotto- My boyfriend loves risotto, however he would agree I make the best risotto. Craftsteak risotto was very heavy and I didnt like the gritty texture. . . No dinner is complete without Dessert!. We got the Earl Grey Ice Cream and Strawberry Ice Cream- I love Earl Grey ice cream, its one of my favorite flavor. As well as Lavender. . . Overall food was great, but it not a place i would come every year. I feel like there are a ton of different steak options in Vegas.
