I enjoyed this hotel a little more then others that I have stayed in at Vegas and like this location.  I don't remember the name but the Chinese restaurant in there was probably the best Chinese I have had before and the steakhouse is pretty good as well.  The NYNY environment in hear is kind of neat to see and a lot more appealing then the typical other casinos on the strip.
Didn't really spend that much time in the hotel as my friends were staying at MGM but they had good food, footbridges to MGM and Excalibur and good gambling. The roller coaster is fun but a bit expensive ($16)...but hey, it's Vegas. Everything is expensive! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay on the strip at a hotel with everything you need without completely breaking the bank.
I didn't ride on the roller coaster.  Booo!  But then again... spending $14 to ride it might seem like it was good that I didn't ride on the roller coaster.  It's still something I would probably do once and that's it.  When I came to check in, there was a portion of the counter that was closed because the roof was leaking water in multiple places.  They were using trash cans to catch the water.  I don't know what happened there.  The staff at the check in counter all seemed nice.  We paid about $73 for 1 night on a Thursday and it was from Travelocity's website.. . When I was here, it didn't seem like I was there for leisure because I had business to take care of which will bring me to my next point: the business center.  They had a business center where you can check your email, fax, and print stuff.  I needed to photocopy something and there was nobody there to help.  The other person who was there tried to help even though that's not his position.  All the computers in the business center require you to use a credit card (maybe a debit card too?) in order to use their computers.  The prices varied for each transaction.  Eventually, I got everything I needed to do taken care of.. . One thing I liked about the room we stayed in was the internet.  I think it was included but I forgot.  It was an ethernet cable that you could plug into your laptop.  The room was roomy and the bathroom was good, too.  I don't think anything stood out in the room so that's all I'm going to say about the room.. . There was an arcade but I didn't get to look at it when everything was turned on; instead, I quickly walked through when it was shut down in the morning.. . Other than that, this place was good to stay at and I wouldn't mind coming back (especially to ride the roller coaster).
This review is for the casino and gift shops :).. . I think this casino is the most "family" friendly compared to other ones on the strip. The Arcade area by the Roller Coaster entrance was pretty impressive for kids all ages (including me). Too bad I'm such a chicken, I didn't ride the roller coaster. . . The casino is just like any other casinos in Las Vegas. I have to say, I love the gift shops merchandise. They have cool t-shirts compared to other casinos. Who doesn't love a t-shirt with New York New York writing on it? On top of that, the t-shirt has Ed Hardy feels to it...of course you will love to get one (now I'm being sarcastic). . . In all seriousness, I will consider to stay at New York New York for my next visit. :).
I would totally stay at New York, New York again. We upgraded our room  so we could have a view of the strip. Although a little pricey, the room was big for a hotel room with floor to ceiling windows which gave us amazing views. Not a lot of timewas spent in the hotel room, but the views at night left amazing memories. . . I was warned by a friend that the roller coaster is noisey but it was actually pretty silent, it was never loud enough to bother or wake us up. The friends we went with were pretty stoked to hear that you can ride the roller coaster for free if you stay at the hotel (i think its about $10 to ride the roller coaster normally).. . The beds were really comfortable with super soft sheets. I never sleep good on hotel beds but I actually had a really amazing sleep the nights we were there. The room was always nice and clean, as well as the rest of the hotel. . . As for downstairs, theres a Espn sports club as well as a Coyote Ugly. Dont forget tons among tons of slot machines and card tables, but since its NYNY there are New York facades that have breakfast and lunch foods for pretty reasonable prices. Its really cool to walk around down there before adventuring onto the strip. On the same floor as the arcade, theres a Nathans NY Hot Dogs that has amazing chili dogs, hamburgers, chili fries etc. . . NYNY is definitely worth checking out.
Great view, great service, great rooms! I'd totally stay here again. The rollercoaster was a little noisy, but oh well... I slept through it lol. I would definetely recommend it for family/kids... This place is alot better than circus circus! 10X better! The roller coaster was awesome. Rode it like 10 times lol. They offer military discounts on the rollercoaster so we went for it!
I always like hitting the food court here because of the unique variety. Unlike the other vegas casinos a good number of the food places are actual new york or east coast institutions. Also the restaurants are setup to represent famous parts of new york city
I LOVE New York, but in this case... New York New York.  Just walking around the eateries inside the hotel was enough to remind me of New York.  The plus side is that I also won at this casino compared to the others.
Embarrassingly, the only thing I remember about my stay at New York New York was that the rooms were small, the bathrooms ... I don't remember, but the pool was incredible.. . This is probably one of the few properties I stayed at where I stayed during a time where going to the pool was possible. For some reason I tend to avoid Vegas when it's a reasonable weather outside. The 92 degree day meant that the pool was the perfect place to chill, literally, and relax with a drink and have absolutely zero agenda or worry while the boys went gambling through the casino.. . I heard that they have great minimums, especially during the day or late late at night but I'm not too much of a gambler so I wouldn't know. My stay here was so memorable because it was so relaxing, which isn't really a word you usually use to describe a Vegas vacation. Nevertheless, there is a small complaint. What is with that Coyote Ugly bar? I was so expecting some hot girls at the bar.
Only in Vegas, can you have France, Italy, Africa and seemingly every other theme.  So why not place a hotel which highlights the civilty of The Big Apple...Thats right...Place the city which never sleeps, in a town, which frowns on resting...add some gambling, booze, shows,  food and you have yourself a casino. . I like NY, NY, especially since Vegas is so under capacity, its darn cheap to stay really in any casino.  The benefit to this casino is location, its reasonable minimums and pedestrian, yet enjoyable food..... . Rooms, service and amenities are on par with the rest of the other themes
So many bars to pick from....do them all!!
Another great Las Vegas hotel and casino located on Las Vegas Strip on the corner directly accross from the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. My check-in and check-out went without a hitch. The hotel is well maintained, has alot to offer and is centrally located. The pool areea is small, but, quite nice. I ate at the hotel's Gallaghers and the Nine Irish Men, which were great restaurants. I would rate this on a par with Planet Hollywood, which is also within walking distance.
Although the gimmicky era of Las Vegas Hotels has come to an end- due in part to the elegance of the City Center and Cosmopolitan- The NYNY is still a great place to stay. Here's why:. . 1. Entertainment- With a cirque show (Zumanity) an irish bar, a piano bar, coyote ugly, and a nightclub (ROK), you won't know how to split your time equally amongst the choices. Plus they have a roller coaster and arcade for the kids.. . 2. Deals- Sign up for a players card if you are going to gamble. The NYNY marketing team is very generous with their offers. I got 2 free nights, 50 dollars in free play on the slots, and 2 for 1 mgm show tickets on opening NCAA Tourney weekend with out having to lose the t-shirt off my back. The only stipulation is to get GOOD deals you must bet at least 15-30 dollars a hand consistently..  . 3. Location. Directly across from the MGM where you can take the monorail all the way to the North End of the strip. Also a 5 minute walk to the City Center. Also if you are renting a car, the parking garage here is conveniently located to the freeways for easy access to off the strip adventures.. . 4. ETC. Newly renovated rooms, (ask for one closest to the elevators) good sportsbook, tons of food options from italian to mexican to japanese at good prices, nice employees,  and a great atmosphere.. . Other than a noisy roller coaster and unflattering gimmicky design, The NYNY is a great value.
Pretty nice hotel.  Conveniently located on the strip. The rooms were newly remodeled and the service was great.  It has a 24 hour restaurant, America.  The food is nothing to write home about, but it can be quite convenient after a long night of drinking.
The hotel was nice, the room price was great for a weekend with a lot of big stuff going on (CMA Awards, NHRA, Final Four).  Housekeeping was on top of everything. Late check-out was easy & free.  The pool is just okay. It was clean & warm, but the bar ran out of beer by 1:00.  All the other MGM Hotels have 2-5 pools, this just has one.  . . However, I travel a lot for business. I've stayed in 5 star luxury hotels and Roach Motels. I have NEVER stayed at a hotel that didn't have a coffee maker and/or a fridge in the room. NYNY rooms were newly remodeled and didn't have either. No coffee maker? No fridge? All the resturaunts serve huge portions, but you can't take any leftovers with you because you don't have a fridge. You have to go down to the casino and spend $6.00 on a crappy coffee because there isn't even a single-cup maker in the room! I guess this is typical now of Vegas.
This really deserves a 3.5/5 stars. The room was the largest I have stayed in, with a separate suite, but the view was poor and it was loud due to the roller coaster. The casino itself is great. Would recommend this to friends.
I loved my stay over here. Me and my wife went to the marquis suite and loved the view of everything. It felt very classy. I loved the location of the hotel and the atmosphere. Only thing I didn't like was the tv they give you. Its a crappy ass tube t.v. I guess I need to go up a few levels next time if I want flat screens. I feel as if a stay is as good as your room. You get better deals if u go during the weekdays. No drunk crowds its just real couples during the weekdays. I wanna go back soon.
we have stayed here 3 more times and booked yet another stay in May.  I can't wait.  Love the service. love the spa room.  Some of the rooms are small but you are there to be in Vegas not in your room.  Gallaghers is awesome for dinner (split an app, a caeser salad and a bone in NY strip.  It is so much food for 2.  The Irish pub there is great.  And the AMERICA dinning room is the best.  If you are up at 3am- lots of funny people watching at the circle bar. --heck lots of that bar at almost anytime :)
Wow! this place got so many restaurants!. So interesting and it right across from Hawaiians Market place!. Came here to see a show here and had to go back to our hotel.... Very Interesting place!. Next time I got to check out Hawaiian Market place across the street!
I've only been to LV once, and I stayed at New York New York. I loved that I could mix two of my favorite US cities together like that :D. . The first thing I did when I arrived was throw my bags in my room and then went straight to the roller coaster. I call it the CSI coaster, since Gil would ride it when he was in deep thought at the end of a CSI episode. I decided to ride it just like him, pensive, with no smiling or yelling. It was hilarious. . I loved the smell when you walk in....like vanilla. It was so nice! I loved the pizza place downstairs, and the piano bar....the magic shop....everything about this hotel I loved. . The room was nothing special but who hangs out in their room? I would stay there again in a heartbeat, although I would like to check out some of the other hotels (except Circus Circus...who would WANT to stay in the Clown Hotel??).
Came across an excellent deal on a JetBlue vacation package to Vegas and decided to give NY NY a try. I tend to go through Priceline for my hotel bookings, so it was nice to actually pick a place on my own for once. I am not too fussy about hotel accomodations, but I wanted to splurge a bit this time since it was Vegas and there are many great hotel resorts throughout the city.. . Check-in is probably the hardest thing to do when you are staying a Vegas hotel. The lines tend to be very long. NY NY is a good hotel, but not one with the best profile so the line was not too bad here. Checkout is super easy though. You can even checkout using the TV!. . I checked in at around noon so the room I wanted (king bed/non-smoking) was not available. Rather than wait for a room, I checked into a 2 queen bed/smoking Park Avenue Deluxe room for my first night.. . However, I was able to change over to my desired room on the following day. I just called reception to request the change. Once the new room is ready, you will get a message from them about where to move. No need to go downstairs to change your key card though. Just use your current card to enter the new room. I have to say that staff was very professional and handled my request with grace and patience.. . The rooms here are stylish. The marble tiles in the bathroom are classy. It really does have a New Yorker cosmopolitan vibe to them. The Park Ave rooms are quite spacey at 400 sq ft. and are located on a high floor. Because of that, you take a different elevator to get to your room than guests staying in a Skyline room.. . The room amenities are kind of basic though. Expect the usual of fragrant toiletries. But no coffeemakers or mini fridges. There is wi-fi access here and it is included as part of the $15 a night plus tax resort fee. That resort fee gets you a daily newspaper and access to the pool and gym.. . As for hotel attractons, the casino here is okay. The slots are kind of stingy. Knew I did not like Monopoly's Mr. Moneybags. Restaurant selection here appeals to a general audience and priced moderately. There are a quite a few cheap/affordable fast food options here too. And they have serval places here like Nathan's in which you can try NY food fare as well.. . Location is on the south end of the Strip. I would have liked to stayed closer to the middle so I did not have to walk so much. There is a free tram at the Monte Carlo next door that you can take to the Bellagio if you want to rest your feet a bit and the Monorail is across the street at MGM.. . Overall, I liked NY NY and enjoyed my stay. Though I think that I would stay a little closer to the middle of the Strip next time.
This hotel casino is one of the places my husband and I always come to play some slots. They have horse racing that you can sit and bet on, gambling tables with girls dancing on them to put on a show, plus all of the different slot machines. Plenty of bars and restaurants to grab something to eat at. We also road the roller coaster. I had promised my husband that I would ride one before he deployed because I'm not a huge fan of roller coasters,  but all in all it was a lot of fun. After the ride was over one of the attendants gave me a high five! lol
Stayed here for a 3- night stay to watch the Pacquiao fight. I would say the amenities could be improved, mostly because our first room was a little outdated with an old school tv. But once we made a complaint they were quick to change our room, free of charge. The new room we got was bigger, with new furniture and big flat screen tv. I think they put  you in first available rooms, but if you're not satisfied, definitely make a complaint and they will accommodate. The service is fast and the staff very friendly.. The location is very convenient, right on the strip with many cool places to go inside the casino and hotel. We love the Bar at Times Piano Bar! Also Coyote Ugly is in there but not a big fan of that place. Food court at ground level, so if you need a quick cheap bite you can just go downstairs. The gym is nice and new but the pool could use an upgrade. But overall a good stay for a Vegas get away!
The New York New York Hotel and Casino is one of a few hotels I like to stay at where I come to Vegas!!! Nice rooms and the front desk staff at checkin and out is really nice!!!
Stayed here because I got a good deal online. I liked the room, the hotel, the bars were great. There's a little area that's designed to look like the streets of new york with bars and some hot dog stand type eateries. Coyote Ugly bar! The restaurants located in N.Y. N.Y. were so so. Unfortunately the roller coaster was closed for maintenance when I was here. The location is good, I would have preferred to be a little bit more central on the strip but for the price, the room was right!
This place is modern and clean.... . Lots of gambling to be played here.. Limits are affordable at $5 minimum.. A food court is available and ESPN zone has an adult arcade, try playing the football throwing game.. Roller coaster is fun to ride, unfortunately the coaster was closed due to some bees swirling the area.
Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the NYNY.. . The good:. - NYC theme is cute, and pretty well executed. - Room was a good size, beds were comfy, everything was clean. - Casino floor is sprawling, with lots of food/drink options. - Some fun penny slots for the gambling n00bs (my favorite being The Wizard of Oz - Big Event!). - Decent price. . The bad:. - On the far end of the strip, so you'll be truckin' your butt across the desert if you want to hit up other spots. - While I'm sure its intentional, the layout can be confusing - we got lost almost every time we were trying to find our elevator. . I'd stay here again :)
I never stayed at this hotel. I've only been there to ride the roller coaster and walk around the casino. It does feel like I am in NYC which is one of my favorite cities. New York New York is a nice casino and the roller coaster is the best. Not sure if I will ever stay there if I return to Vegas cuz I know people who stayed there and said it wasn't what they expect. Who knows?
Stayed here over the May long weekend (in Canada) and had an amazing time! Was able to book a package through Southwest that gave us free tickets to Cirque shows as a bonus. We received an upgraded Park Ave room and it was huge and lovely. The beds are very comfortable and we loved the funny packaging on the toiletries provided. Our bathtub drain was ridiculously slow, but otherwise everything was great.. . I would recommend checking out the room-service menu. We browsed through it the first night we were in and found that their specials (and meals in general) are very reasonably priced. We got a huge slab of prime rib, that came with veggies, potatoes, buns, and a side salad, an entree salad, and a plate of nachos all for $50. There was more than enough food to feed the four people we had staying in the room, plus leftovers. And the menu is fairly similar to the 'America' restaurant down in the casino.. . There is a wide variety of gaming options in the casino, plus food and bars to keep you entertained. Note that the Zumanity box office is the only one that sells day-of tickets in the afternoon and can usually give you a better price than the other ticket retailers. Watch for the Rok reps walking around the bar as they'll give you wristbands to get in free and there is free champagne for ladies from 11-midnight. There is always a giant line for Coyote Ugly but if you're a lady and are with all girls, head up to the front of the line as they'll let you right in. Guys, befriend girls as this will be your ticket to avoid the lineup. . . I would definitely stay here again as the walk to the center of the strip isn't too long and the hotel has everything you could need. We had a fabulous time and really enjoyed all of the subtle signs mocking NY/NJ.
I didn't stay here, but it was nice playing table games while scantily clad girls danced on tables in front of you.  Made it less painful to lose money in roulette.
The NYNY is one of my favorite stops on the Las Vegas Strip for a lot of reasons. Some of the following include:. . 1. Location (Tropicana and the Strip. Nice.). 2. Theme. 3. Price. 4. Gambling Facilities (that I like). 5. Dining options. 6. Size: not too big, not too small, not hard to get lost. . I the NYNY casino because of the fact that it's in a great location and the theme that it offers is rather genius. I honestly do not have a desire to go to New York city, however, I do have an appreciation of the fact that the designers of the casino did an excellent job at making sure that the details were made to look really nice! It's a classy place, and for me, it wasn't over the top, which some places feel like. . . It's location on the South Strip is nice. Most of the facilities in that particular area are really new, mostly stuff built in the 90s, with the exception of the Tropicana (which I hear is perking up). Either way, it's good for families that choose to go to Las Vegas. It's the epitome of the "new" Las Vegas, which is what Al Pacino calls the "Adult Disneyland," as he describes in the movie Casino. For the record, though, I'm abig fan of the old school Vegas, where you can have your whiskey and gamble at the same time while trying to be somewhat classy, but not way over the top like many places are now. . . The Theme. Awesome. What can I say? The design is brilliant and fun. . . Prices for hotels for this particular hotel are average for this area. Book online and you will find good rates. If you like living on the edge and know that travel season is not "hot" or it isn't fight night at the Mandalay or MGM, waiting last minute can be awesome too. . . Gambling facilities. I like the smaller sports book this place offers. Also, I appreciate the fact that the sports book is distinctly separated from the race book. I like the racing aspect of gambling and appreciate the fact that cocktail waitresses are quick to offer beverages for gamblers in this area. They were also really nice, too. . . Food. Good food makes a big piece of the casino. The Burger Bar they have in here is really good. Go see my review. . . The size of the whole resort is really big. It's not as big as the Mandalay Bay, MGM, or other similar resorts, but there's still a lot of room. I wouldn't be surprised that if they gutted out the casino floor, they can host a huge monster truck show and fill it up with about 20,000 seats in there. Either way, I appreciate the fact that casino is roomy and structured in a way that I won't easily get lost in the sea of tables and slot machines. I hate the fact that I can get lost in a casino and take hours for me to find my way out (case in point the MGM Grand). . . Yay! I'm a fan.
I stayed at New York New York for a weekend while in Vegas. When I checked in I asked for a good room and was not disappointed. The very nice check in clerk set me up with a corner room which provided views almost 180 degrees around. Awesome. . . After we checked in our bathroom sink was clogged and not working. We went back to the front desk to tell them and no less than 2 hours later it was unclogged and working. No big deal, and they fixed in quickly. . . I love the restaurants at NY NY and the casino area. There is easy access to other casinos with the bridges. . . The pool however is not so great, I have seen larger pools at airport hotels. Tip if you get a lower floor you might have to deal with the sound of the roller coaster, which I heard complaints about. So when you check in ask to be put away from the roller coasters. . . Another reason why NY NY didn't get 5 stars is that the elevators are slow and there are only two of them to get to some of the rooms. So had to wait sometimes up to 5 minutes just to get upstairs. . . But overall this is a great place to stay for not alot of money. Employees are nice, the rooms are nice, the casino is nice so this place is all around nice.
We stayed over 4th of July weekend and this hotel was awesome!  We were comped concert tickets and our room so I figured it wouldn't be all that great, I was so wrong! Our room was nice it was a park avenue suite, kind small but definately comfy and served its purpose. Probably the only thing I would have changed was our sliding glass door shower, after a day of walking up and down the strip I really love to soak in the tub not possible with that model. Plus the hubby is a big broad guy so it was kind of cramped on space.  We walked down to the registration desk to ask about our free concert tickets and met Christian (think that was his name) he gave us such a hard time , was a total smart ass made us crack up laughing I loved him! We are definately staying there again, we had a blast!!
I got a chance to stay here for a night in a complimentary room. I LOVE the interior decor, it has flare =) There's even street names! Some places to check out: Sirrico's for pizza (big slices of pizza for less than $5!), Fulton's Fish for fish n chips! Il Fornaio has good Italian food, but it's on the pricey side. Don't forget to take a ride on the roller coaster at night! Great views and fun!. . Wifi comes with your room too. Big bonus in Vegas, where you usually have to pay for wifi!
New York New York is a nice hotel. Can't really complain because I always stay here for free. The rooms are nice and always clean. It's conveniently placed at the beginning of the strip so you don't have to decide which way you want to walk first. I also like the eateries inside. Chin Chin is a really good asian food place. Their seafood noodles and friend rice are amazing! Very nicely seasoned and not too salty. The cafe with the desserts is really good too. I love my chocolate! The hotdog joint is really good as well. I recommend their chili cheese dog. It's SOOOO good!. . I know I'll be staying here again since free rooms are always offered! :)
Good location. Clean rooms. Check in took at least an hour.. Didn't eat inside hotel cuz everything closed around 10 or 11pm... Nice to have a rollercoaster outside your window..staff was very friendly
I really had such a good time at this hotel.  We loved the interior of the casino, the small restaurants are laid out like new york neighborhoods and has a really cool and fun feel.  We ate at Greenbergs Deli every morning for breakfast and ordered the Nova Scotia smoked salmon platter and it was amazing.  I would say they give you too much smoked salmon but I don't think that is possible.  The Nine Fine Irishmen pub has a pretty good happy hour and handsome bartenders with Irish accents!  Chin Chin was a decent place to go to for some sushi. . . The rooms themselves were pretty nice.  We upgraded from the cheapest room that we had reserved and it was very clean.  The TV would mysteriously change channels on occasion, honestly that is the biggest complaint I have for the room.  . . The pool isn't that big and it doesn't get deeper than 4 feet and that is only close to the volleyball net.  The pool area does stay shaded for a good portion of the day but I am so fair skinned that I didn't mind though my friends who were looking for a tan were a bit disappointed.  It was a great way to stay cool in the 100+ heat plus you are allowed to take your drinks with you in the pool.. . I'd definitely stay at this hotel again and again!
New York, New York will always hold a special place in my heart because, well, it's New York. :) . . I'm a serious sucker for themed re-creations, and New York is Vegas' prime example. Their little downtown shops & restaurants, complete with phony upstairs apartment windows and fire escapes; their Coney Island;  their Brooklyn Bridge. Just charming.. . I've stayed here before, and I'm definitely a fan. Prices are reasonable, and this hotel maintains a high level of quality, even though it's not brand new. The inside just sparkles - it's completely mesmerizing, and you can totally get into the NY vibe.. . If you haven't checked this one out, it's a must visit. I love New York!
So NY NY is my favorite casino.  I'm not sure why but the energy here is just pretty cool.  It's fun and laid back and the amount of douche-tards walking around is somehow kept to a minimum.  You've got a good selection of entertainment.  There's the cirque show Zumanity, the nightclub Rok and a few restaurants that are just yummy.  Nine Fine Irishmen is the irish pub with great fish & chips and guinness poured the correct way.  There's a midway area for kids and a pretty damn cool roller coaster.. . As far as the rooms go, they're pretty standard.  But check this out....for about the same price (or less) than you would pay at another hotel on the strip, you can upgrade to a spa room which has a clover-shaped jacuzzi in the room.  The spa room is a bit bigger than the standard room which makes hanging in your room and relaxing pretty cool.  The amenities are pretty standard for a vegas hotel.  Nothing really over the top.  The beds are comfortable but nothing special.  Bottom line is that if you're staying on the strip, NY NY is a nice convenient place to stay with a couple of affordable upgrades!
Only writing about roller coaster. FUN!
Pros: . 1. Location. Right next to Excalibur. From Excalibur, take a tram to Luxor or Mandalay Bay. . . Right next to Monte Carlo. From Monte Carlo, walk into Aria or take a tram to the new Crystals mall or the Bellagio. From the Bellagio, walk across the street to Caesar's Palace (which is across from Bally's and Flamingo).. . Walk across the street to MGM, M&M World, Coke World, and GameWorks arcade.. . 2. Spa Suite. Spa Suites (with jacuzzi tubs) on the Strip range in price with the Luxor and NYNY on the low end, MGM and Monte Carlo on the slightly higher end, then up to Treasure Island and Caesar's Palace, until you get into the super expensive hotels like Bellagio and Venetian or hotels that only have jacuzzi tubs in pent-house priced suites like Paris. . . NYNY's spa suite is spacious and the tub is a clover-shaped tub with four jets in the bottom. The jets can hit the small of your back or your legs, but because of where they are located, they cannot massage your back or shoulders. There is plenty of room for two. For the price, well worth it (we paid $80/night in August). . . 3. Nine Fine Irishmen. Good food with real Irish (or at least British) fare as opposed to an American menu with fish and chips thrown in. The food is quality (I highly recommend the butter and caramel bread pudding) and the vibe is relaxing. . . 4. Dueling Pianos. Throughout the afternoon and evening, one bar has dueling pianos where two pianists take requests from the audience and play them on the piano and sing. However, it's more than that. They are entertainers and will sometimes parody a song. There's no cover, actual tables (but also dance floor) and food and bar service. It's a great way to have an entertaining evening without the ridiculous cost of a bottle service at a night club and since you can influence the music being played, more likely to cater to your tastes. . . 5. The resort fee includes the wi-fi. . . 6. Access to Monte Carlo's pool. . . Cons. . 1. Temperature control in the rooms. The thermostat is not programmable. You just toggle a little bar from "warm" to "cool". Our room was freezing, but if I moved it just a smudge toward "warm," the heater (and it's bad, unused heater smell) kicked on. . . 2. Pool is unimpressive, but you have access to the far superior Monte Carlo pool as a NYNY guest.
One of my favorite MGM properties.. . I haven't stayed at NYNY since 5 years ago, so I can't really say anything about the rooms, but I love this hotel for the feel and for the main public area and the restaurants!. . First off, my favorite steakhouse anywhere is Gallahger's.  It's is the same Gallahger's as the one in NY and when dining inside, it does feel like a NY steakhouse.  It's not the fanciest, yes, but it is just good steak.  There's a display fridge showing you how they dry age their beef and shows you that's exactly what they serve!. . There's also plenty of other eateries that's legit.  It's overpriced, especially for pizza, but having a pretty authentic NY pizza at 2am in the morning is awesome.  Also others that's a little more "fast-food-ish" but they all have something to do with NY.. . Lots of bars, such as the Irish pub/piano bar.  It gets packed on the weekend and the crowd is a little older, but the pub does offer a good Guiness on draft.  Probably due to the crowd and moving through kegs faster, it just tastes fresher, or maybe it is the psychological effect :P. . One thing is that the casino floor is a little dark and a little random for me in terms of the placement but it's still "new" enough compared to some of the other hotels on the strip!. . As a themed hotel, it does a pretty good job in presentation, albeit corny, but c'mon, can't expect real NY in Vegas!
walking around streets of New York.  always worth a visit
This place is pretty neat, It's new york themed of course and it has an awesome Roller coaster on the top as well as a game room.. . The pizza place is pretty expensive I got a large coke for about $4 and some change. One of the many perks about Vegas over paying for a simple item.. . The atmosphere is nice, they have cool gift shops as well.
We didn't stay at this hotel but will choose it for the next trip to Vegas. . . We were WOWed by the fact they had so many affordable food options compared to the other hotels on the strip.. . The village eateries were inexpensive and good.  Sirrico's Pizza was delicious and they had a special: slice and beer for $6.50 - can't beat that in Vegas. . . America restaurant is open 24/7 and they have delicious food too. . . The roller coaster is a good adrenaline boost.. . We also liked the casino and dueling piano bar a lot.
I wasn't expecting the rooms to be all that nice here due to being next to Excalibur...(which has crappy rooms) but I was really pleasantly surprised. The style of the rooms inside reminded me of the comsopolitan's decor. They were very modern and clean. I thought compared to the price of other similar rooms at other hotels - the price was fair too. I would stay here again, for sure. However, we were given vouchers for the "breakfast buffet" but we ended up going to the wrong one. The restraunt (I think its asian themed) thats next to the elevators to the rooms - SUCKS. Dont go there for breakfast if you want a quality meal. We paid way too much money for the "buffet" which consisted of nasty eggs, boring hashbrowns, bacon and overpriced orange juice. They didnt even have belgian waffles, pancakes, or french toast (pretty obvious breakfast staples) and there was no variety of tasty food. The cantelope they surprisingly offered was dry, tastless and out of season. I stayed at a Quality Inn for $50 a night in a not so great part of San Diego last weekend, and their FREE breakfast in the lobby was much better and had more variety. So thats sayin' something!
I've always liked the New York-New York. It certainly has one of the more exciting street-fronts. They have a fun little casino in a mini Time Sq type area. Lots of slots, not too many table games. Good drinks. I really love the NY Pretzel joint at the top of the escalators. MMM.
First place I ever stayed in Vegas it was like 13 years ago. It has aged well. Roller Coaster rocks!
I really loved my stay at NYNY during the first week of November 2011. The room was awesome (Park Avenue Premium View on 29th floor of Century tower). The beds were super comfy, especially with the cushioned headboards. The view was awesome. I really have no complaints. . . As far as dining options, Gonzalez y Gonzalez was soooo good! I am still dreaming about the shredded beef crispy tacos and the guac they make tableside. Chin Chin was pretty good too as was America. We ate at America for breakfast (veggie egg white frittata-yum) and carried out rueben sandwiches at 3AM  that were pretty good. The fries are really great, good seasoning. It was nice to have a 24 hour restaurant to order what ever you want and take to your room. My only dining warning is to stay away from NYP-the pizza place they have. It is worse than Sbarro! Cold pizzas that were cooked hours ago with very little to no sauce on them that are then reheated in the oven when you order a slice. They were really gross and the garlic knot I tried was dried out, hard and flavorless. . . The center bar was a cool place to chill with leather couches all around (2 drink pp minimum which was no problem for us!) Pour 24 was a pretty chill place to with a great beer and cocktail selection. . . NYNY was exactly what we were looking for. A comfy room to crash in, plenty of restaurant and bar choices, good casino with decently loose slots and great walking distance from the other main hotels. And I hit the jackpot on one of the penny slots for a cool $1300! Thanks for paying for my trip and then some NYNY! I will definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Vegas.
NY-NY.....Great spot on the strip.. . Clever use of space for a fake neighborhood food court.  Great gaming area and home to the Coyote Ugly Bar.  Its touristy but I enjoy it.  You get Nathan's hot dogs on the second floor and delicious pretzels.. . Love the look of the outside and I think it is one of the best themed casinos in Vegas.
My husband and I spent three nights in Vegas as part of our honeymoon. We stayed at NYNY and we had a great time here. When we first arrived we were greeted by a bellhop and they took our bags off our hands right away. They gave us a claim ticket and told us to call when we got to our room and they would deliver our bags to us. Check-in was quick and easy. We made it clear we did not a room too close to the roller coaster and they accommodated that. We barely heard it at all. We decided to upgrade to the Players Suite for an additional $90 a night and I am glad we did. It was a great room. When it said there was a spa in it I assumed it would be a spa bathtub but to my amazement it was an actual spa!!!! It was so relaxing and we enjoyed it. It had two TV's and a sitting area. Now I am spoiled and addicted to suites. LOL. They have a very extensive room service menu and the prices are not too bad. They are also very prompt and polite when you order room service. The only real issue we had here is when we first checked in our phone in our room was not working. That is why I am deducting a star because that should not be an issue at all.  I used my cell phone to call downstairs to have someone to fix it and the lady who answered seemed to not believe us. I also requested our bags at this time and they sent someone really quick for that. Then she had us push all these buttons and then she said she was going to try to call the room and of course it did not work so she finally sent someone up. It kind of took a while and we called back and said we want to go out so how much longer and they said we did not have to stay. As we were getting ready the guy arrived to fix it. Turns out the phone needed a new cable. Kind of annoying but it got fixed and that's all that matters. The casino was great and I love how they had it set up like NY. I thought it was cute. the outside of it looks really cool too. There is no shortage of games to play and we had a blast. We have a list of hotels we would like to stay at so we will change it up next time but I do recommend this hotel. I will stay here again one day.
Never stayed here but I love the casino and Zumanity! Will hopefully stay here next time around & will be sure to update my review!!
NY-NY is a huge hotel. Just like all the other casino/hotels next to each other. Although this hotel is nice, there is nothing really that stood out to me. I would come and stay here as well.
stayed here for 6 days. I eat at there nicer restraunts. went to there show, did a bit of.  gambling had pretty ok time. i would have maybe liked a little better customer service. spent  a bit of money and never got noticed. but over all the place is nice and pretty clean and rooms are good but the pillows suck.
I'm a fan of New York, New York. It's a great location on the strip, and it was super convenient to the MGM Grand where we stayed. We ended our night on their gaming floor and lost some cash in Roulette, but the waitresses were on the spot and really friendly even though we weren't playing any high stakes games.. . The high ceilings make it comfortable and airy- definitely no claustrophobia in this place. . . We did get a chance to ride the roller coaster at the top which was a little pricy for the length of the trip, but I'm glad I did it once.
Stayed here for 3 nights when I was in Vegas to get married. The rates were awesome in December and since we planned on venturing off the strip quite a bit, it had great access to the interstate without having to drive on barely any of Las Vegas Blvd. . . We did not gamble at all, so I have nothing to say about the casino, but it seemed much more open and airy than a lot of the other ones we walked through. . . All the staff I encountered were very nice and pleasant. The room we had was very clean and had a nice TV and a great view of the strip and the roller coaster. . . I haven't stayed at any other hotel/casinos to compare it to, but there was nothing I could really complain about. . . The only thing I noted about the other hotel/casinos on the strip that I may have liked better was that they had more "cheaper" food options.
I stayed at the hotel for day and the rooms were fantastic. I got the room for 45 a night. I stayed for three days days at monte Carlo and wish that I had booked nyny instead. The only disappointment was that checking in at the registration was a pain and it took an hour. I would love to stay there again. The casiono was OK and if someone is looking for 5 dollar Black jack tables on Sunday night then look no further.
Rooms are ok. The building's facade is really fun and interesting! Love that there's a roller coaster in the casino, and a resident Cirque Du Soleil show, Zumanity (which I've never seen) . The inside aesthetic is cool too, it mimicks old world New York City and I think that's just great!. . The Valet can be tricky to get to but the self-park is def a better alternative anyway. . . There is NO security at the elevators making this a fun and hassle-free destination for men seeking companionship. The reason this place gets 4-Stars instead of 3 is actually due to the lack of security.. . Oh! Oh! There's also a fun arcade. Ok that's it X3
Stayed here for my 1st time in Vegas like 10 years ago, back then I was 13 and didn't have much to do. I remember hanging out by the pool and the roller coaster. This time we went in just to waste time and gamble before the NYE countdown. I loved walking by the dueling pianos, those bars are so cool in a nerdy way! And the hole in the wall hot dog shack, those hot dogs were huge! We saw a Michael Jackson impersonator do some cool moves and at midnight we were right in front of the Brooklyn Bridge. When we inquired about tickets, the vendor said it was  $170 each, that's kind of crazy... For free beads and you still had to buy your own drinks. View was just fine from the street, although I'm pretty sure I remember getting hit in the face by some beads (at least I got to keep them). At one point my drunken claustrophobia hit and I did start pushing, SORRY! It was still fun. And NYNY is right next to where we stayed, Monte Carlo.
We got the recently renovated Park Avenue rooms, with a pretty sweet view of the roller coaster, Luxor and that side of the strip. All in all, unless you are going with a girl or meet some girl, rooms are just used to pre-game and sleep after a long day. This place gets that done and some. Came with a nice closet to hang out coats and jackets, an iron board, and a nicely stocked bathroom.
New York New York has been my go-to hotel/casino for well over a decade, and I'm only 22. It's a step up from Luxor and two steps up from Excalibur and Circus Circus and a bit more. It might not be the most luxurious hotel, but it has its odd charm and their nice staff. I've experienced some of the worst customer service at Wynn, so that's telling you something. . . My review is going to answer some of the complaints below, just because I was annoyed.... . This isn't a very big hotel and it doesn't have a very big casino. So, if youget lost... urmm.. good luck? Let's say you come off of the NY Tower, to exit, you can either walk straight and turn left at the round bar and follow the path to the escalator (go up), and you'll be given two choices-go right and you'll end up at Excalibur and go straight and you're at MGM. If you didn't want to go there, follow the path by Il Fornaio, and in front of the front desk is a path leading to the taxi area or walk passed the front desk towards the bell desk and you'll end up at Valet. That simple! If not, the other exits include the one by the Sports Center (goes out to the bridge), Nine Fine Irishmen, and another one by the parking garage-ish (never use that one, it's weird).. . As for security, although there aren't many in uniform, you can count on the retailers and shoe-shiner and other employees there. There was once a shooting upstairs by the NY Pretzel stand and the first person to take the shooter down was an employee at the gifts shop. So don't underestimate the security, also notice the numerous cameras by the NY Tower elevators, it's there for reason.. . Yes, the hotel is a bit "outdated," built in 1997 (when I was in the 2nd grade lol). But it's not as old as Tropicana, Excalibur, Luxor, or MGM.  There's a complaint about pillows, which I thought was weird. Anyway, if there isn't enough of something, you can always ask...it's not difficult to call Housekeeping and ask for more pillows, the standard for most Vegas rooms is 2 plus the one or two extra in the closet. . . For first time Vegas goers and New York State residents, you can't really take NYNY Las Vegas seriously for the real thing.  It's a themed hotel, and they'll try to mimic as best as they could, it's not going to be a perfect replication.  It's like taking Excalibur and Luxor as the real thing, which would be absurd.   And before you stay at the NYNY Hotel, why don't you just check where it is on the map, how stupid of you to complain about the walking distance to another hotel, it's not like the hotel can move and be closer to your destination. STUPID.... . . Now to answer the big topic of the day, resort fees. All of the Vegas hotels have resort fees, so suck it up and pay it. The Harrah's Entertainment Group (Paris, Rio, Harrah's, Bally's, etc) say they don't have resort fees but you still have to pay for your internet and all those small items (we all know someone brought a laptop to Vegas). NYNY has one of the smallest resort fees, incomparison to the Wynn, Aria, and Vdara at $20+.  The wireless was fast each time I used it, so to those who had connection problems, I have no idea what you did (I used the internet to check-in for my flight to Southwest, A group all the way).. . To end my "review," let's talk about food.  Check out casual dining at Greenberg's Deli in the Village, awesome sandwiches for your tummy and chicken noodle soup, there's also Nathan's Hot Dogs in the Arcade and 2nd floor Promenade.  Also don't forget the sit-down restaurant Il Fornaio and how can I forget Gallagher's, the only casual steakhouse on the strip (lamb chops bomb.com).  Room service, try their Ribeye Special from 3pm-10pm for $14.95 and their dinner entre Cedar Plank Salmon with extra onion strings for $17.95. . . That is all for now, I can say so much more, but so little space. =]
This one is mostly aimed at the outside sights.  From excellent photo ops to just it being "informative" at least pictorially for non-NY resident, it is quite awesome.  We walked South on the Strip and came up on what I believe was a Brooklyn Bridge replica which made for some cool pictures.  From across the street you can take in each of the buildings and if you know your history you'll be able to identify them.  Around the corner you can take a picture with a Lady Liberty replica and there's a very nice memorial for 9/11 public servicemen.  It is worth the walk to and the time to take it all in.
This is a great place to stay if you're on a slight budget or if you have kids.  The rooms are kind of on the small side, but they're just right for a group of 4 if you're just planning on staying there to rest your little head.  I remember staying in an updated room which looked really nice!  The bathroom is of normal size - not small, not large.  Everything was clean & I didn't have an problems during my stay.. . I feel like the hotel has a lot to look at - architectural wise with the NY-style image they portray.  Interesting for kids I'd say...  plus, there's a roller coaster that runs through the inside of the hotel/casino & outside on LV BLVD.  . . Gonzales y Gonzales is a good place to check out if you're craving Mexican Food.  Portions are big & their margaritas do the trick.
Rooms are nice, service is great, gift shop with liquor store down stairs, bar by the pool has plenty. Restaurants all over. Location is good also. I will stay here again
I was at the NY NY  fro 6 nights  from the 9th to the 15th.  It was a great time. M life is a great rewards program.. for what my parents and I spent.. I got comp'd  2 nights, 2 meals and 4 resort fees!   Oh yeah! It was awesome and I am very happy with the room service, front desk, registration service etc... It was a great experience for my family as well. . . On the weekends instead of the girls dancing near the tables, there was an awesome Michael Jackson Impersonator.  It was awesome.
Simply put. Glad they renovated the place. I think the overall hotel is a fun place. They have little areas for children to enjoy and areas for adults to enjoy. It's got variety and lots of options as far as things to do. IT's also a convenient spot to really see a lot of the strip without having to walk so much. You can cross the bridge to shop at the small shops and watch a movie at the Shocase Mall. Also, the M&M Factory is just a few steps away, alongside the ultimate arcade, Gameworks! The other bridge also sends you to Excalibur if your in the mood for a nice renaissance adventure.. . The rooms are very nice and clean. Very spacious (I mean like can get 20 people to dance in the common room special) for a standard suite. The bed is big and comfy with a small little lazy seat. The bathroom however, is small but I guess it's because the wide open spaces are taken up by the big living area and sleeping area. Great view of Las Vegas as well! . . OH...definitely DO try the roller coaster. It's just too fun of a ride to pass up (definitely take front or back to get the full experience. Middle is for the weak and timid!).
Based only on casino.  A 4 because. Only casino I won at while there!
I actually felt like I was in new York!  This place is huge with great gaming!
The rooms here are comfortable and the staff has been friendly the times I have stayed here. I stayed here for a bachelor party and the front desk was very helpful in allowing me to upgrate my room to party size! The casino has been renovated over the last couple of years and has a much nicer feel than years past. The dining situation is so-so. Numerous fast options that aren't that great largely due to the fact that they are not operated by the hotel but by ARK Las Vegas. Galligers and Chin Chin are quality food. Nine Fine Irishmen is owned by the hotel and is a cool Irish pub. A little on the spendy side and not as nice as some of the other Irish themed places in town, but I still grab a Guiness there every now and again. They have outdoor seating that looks at the Brooklyn bridge and on to the strip. Overall, it's a good room value for the money, it's located right on Las Vegas Blvd at Tropicana, but I'd probably eat and drink elsewhere.
Very nice clean place in a good location, but the sports book section sucks.
I am a fan of this casino. I like where the elevators for the rooms are located (at the front of the casino, not the back) and that it is at the four corners. This casino is a very good home base casino. The prices are usually pretty reasonable and the staff typically very helpful.. . One of my go to places when in Vegas.
I really like this casino, but the rooms were just ok.  I think they are overpriced for what you get.  I could stay at the Monte Carlo for cheaper and get the same room.  The casino is great, though, and they have good food here.  There is a pizza place downstairs where the little city streets are which has the best pizza at the casino.  Upstairs is the NYNY pretzels, OMG, must try the jalapeno pretzel.  My hubby loves Nathan's hot dogs, and that is upstairs also.  I love 9 Fine Irishmen, they have good food and a fun atmosphere.  . . As for the casino, there was a big jerk working at the center bar, Vincent or something.  He talked down to all the customers he waited on, including us.  So avoid him if you go there.  . . We are part of the players club, and although, for us, I thought we spent quite a lot of money, we only got $8 back toward our room bill from all our slot play and things we charged to the room.  BUT the lady at the players club booth was so nice, she refunded our daily resort fee, which is around $15 to $20 a night, which was a great surprise!. . 4  stars for the casino, 3 stars for the room... We probably won't stay here again unless we get an awesome rate.
The coolest looking hotel that we stayed in for sure. We had fun walking the streets of New York. The bed was clean, and we watched an in-room movie of "Tower Heist". That was fun. This was our last night, and we slept like rocks on the soft bed. We had a minor problem, and guest services fixed it for us. Good job on their part.
This was our second time visiting NY NY. We had a blast as we did the first time. We enjoyed how the crowd skews young and how there is always a buzz about the place.. This time we upgraded to a Spa room and it was worth every penny. The jaccuzi tub was amazing and the room was a perfect size for a couple to feel pampered. The housekeeping service was efficient and did a great job tidying up for us. One downside was that there was an aroma of stale vomit beneath a bedside table that sorta detracted from sleeping on that side but, hey, it's Vegas, these things happen. The sheets and bed were luxurious although the pillows could not handle my big head and were rather uncomfortable.. The table games are great in a fun environment. Dealers are hit and miss but when you get a good one it makes for a fun evening.  . We rode the roller coaster this time and it was enjoyable (for my wife, not much of coaster fan myself, had to make up for the time she spent escorting me at the blackjack tables) for a really decent cost. . Gallagher's is a must for a fancy evening. One of the best steaks I have had in my life and some really decent vegetarian options for my wife. The wine list was great. Our server, Preston, really added that something special to our evening and is really good at his job. . Had a really horrible corned beef sandwich at the deli, the culinary low point of the trip. But Il Fortino was a great meal when we first arrived.. All in all, a great Vegas experience at a decent rate! We will be back.
Younger crowd, tables are priced high compared to some of the cheaper casinos nearby, but the women that go here are better looking.  The dealers are more stoic than some of the cheaper casinos and drink ladies are slow but the rooms are always nice, even the cheap ones, and the pool is filled with hard bodies at all times.
New York, NY is a nice casino that makes every effort to mirror the atmosphere of the real New York. They do a pretty good job of it, especially when it comes to food. There is a good variety of restaurants available in the "downtown", and upstairs, they offer a good selection of fast-food variants. Lots of character. I have been coming here for years and it never seems to disappoint.
Replica of NYC. I like the concept of the theme. Even indoors feel like you're in NYC. They have a small food court who has NYC food. Haven't tried any of them yet but I will next time. They have a roller coaster too. The only one on the strip. Shara closed down and Stratosphere is far away.
I didn't stay here, but my bf and I came by to hang out and humblea bit! This place was bumpin!! They had the best music at the center bar!! Also at one point, there was a Michael Jackson impersonator, he was AWESOME!!!!! Makes you wish, you had a chance to see the real thing in concert! The only thing about this hotel that I would change, would be that there was more then 1 restaurant, that was a nice restaurant, to be open longer at night. There was only a steak house open and I really wanted something else, oh well. We'll be back, so fun!!
We stayed one night here in the Empire State Building. We booked a non-smoking room through Expedia, and were kind of disappointed that our room had been a smoking room until recently. Unfortunately the smokey smell was still present in the room. Aside from that, this hotel and casino was pretty fun. Our room was big, although the bathroom left something to be desired with it's tiny shower and low shower head.. The casino is pretty nice compared to others on the strip. It's comparable to the other MGM properties. The food court area designed like a New York City street is fun and offers a decent variety. The patrons seem less pretentious here than at some of the other casinos. I would probably stay here again.
I was a little hesitant to book our stay at this hotel due to the ratings, but my best friend mentioned her friend stayed here and enjoyed it, so we gave it a shot. I'm so glad we did because I loved our room at the NY-NY hotel. . . We signed up for the Park Avenue Deluxe room, and the room was exactly what was pictured on their website. We asked for 2 Queen beds in a non-smoking room,and the room was quite spacious, and the beds were extremely comfy with 4 pillows on each bed ;) We were located on the 6th floor, and had half a good view of the MGM grand, but the other side of the view was a part of the roller coaster. It wasn't that loud, except minor hearings of the riders screaming, which didn't bother my friend and I. The room had AC which we were able to adjust to our preference (very nice!). The bathroom was nice and clean, and not too small. I wish the bathrooms had double sinks, but we didn't mind the one sink. The shower was clean and did not have any mold (YAY!) You could tell that the room and bathroom had been thoroughly cleaned before we arrived =). . The only thing I disliked about the hotel was the smoking in the casinos. When we arrived through the front valet entrance, we located the registration desk, but we had to walk through the casino to get to our rooms. I was sick with a bad cough so the smoke did not help. Another thing that might bother someone is getting around the hotel. Do ask for a map at the registration desk. =) Also, be sure to ask which elevator to take to get to your room. There are several elevators with different names that take you to different sections of the NY-NY building. This will help you with your stay so you don't get lost! =). . We arrived at the hotel around 5pm, and check in did not take more than 5 minutes. Our receptionist was a young, pretty Filipino lady, who was extremely nice and helpful (Thank you Christine!). Check out also took only a minute. Partially because we did not order room service so all we did was return the room keys, and she printed out the bill (just the hotel fee per night). Beware that practically every hotel on the strip will charge you a resort fee per night. This  fee will include the usage of internet at the hotel so it didn't bother me too much.. . We only tried one place to eat at NY-NY, which was the New York Pizzeria. The pizza was big, soft and crunchy. YUM! ^_^ Overall, I really enjoyed our stay at NY-NY and am so glad we had a great experience with the hotel. =D . THANK YOU NY-NY!
Great place.  Nice room.  We were upgraded to a spa suite (and mysteriously charged less - go figure).  . . Hotel is a little bit older than some of the others we stayed at on the strip, but well maintained.  Views are great.  . . Only gripe with this place was the fitness center check in clerk.  A little on the rude side.  One lesson for her would be to answer the question asked and to not assume things.  We asked where the pool was.  She responded that the fitness center was only for 18 and up.  I said "my son isn't going to the fitness center.  Where is the pool?).  I was going to the gym while my 11 year old and my wife went to the pool.  The pool looks like it is undergoing a renovation, so we weren't able to use it while we were there.  . . It is also a kid friendly hotel.  There is an arcade area for kids right by the roller coaster.. . Resort fee reasonable compared to other spots on the strip ($17 compared to $25+)
You have to visit the Food Court at New York' New York. You have everything from Pizza by the slice, Steak house, fish & chips,  to Katz's Deli, etc. I recommend you stop here before you go to a Pricey restaurant. At least you feed your Craving.
Fun Casino to tour.  We enjoyed visiting and waited there for our Zumanity Show. I'd recommend going to the show and getting a slice of pizza.
Would definitely stay here again. Wished we were on a higher floor, but great place to stay. Best part: fantastic, comfortable bed! When we came back at 2am, it was nice to sleep in such a great bed! Loved the rollercoaster and all the great restaurants. The pool was nice and the staff was great! Just wish housekeeping didn't replace the bathroom towels each day as we were trying to be green... ya know conserve water and energy and such!
Probably one of the nicest casino I managed to walk into during my trip to Vegas. I'm 19 so I wasn't able to gamble, but I have to admit that I felt the urge to because of how attractive the casino appeared to me. . . The arcade is amazing; spent a couple of hours there with my family and we found ourselves there for the ice cream a lot too at the entrance of the casino. . . I'm glad that there was the tram station about 3 minutes from New York, New York that was able to take me back to Mandalay Bay.. . The first night, we walked the whole LV strip, and the tram possible saved my feet from bleeding,
I heart New York-New York! . . The skyscrapers, Statue of Liberty, roller coaster, the Fire Dept boat and harbor all make this an  incredible icon on the strip. I even love the bathrooms here, they have a real subway feel, just without the smell. The interior of the casino is electric. Lots of food choices, lots of bars and clubs. Rooms are okay, and you can get pretty good deals to stay here. Service on the casino floor is a little slow for drinks, but our waitress brought us two at a time. (Yay!) The best thing I can say is that the strip wouldn't be the same without it, and I will always lose some of my money there on any visit to Vegas just to make sure they keep the lights on.
Tres bien place.Accueil parfait. Check in un peu long mais sinon, super!
This was my favorite casino out of all of the casinos on the strip. I loved the design of the New York "streets" and eateries within. Gorgeous. I had some great New York style pizza and also some amazing beer battered halibut in "Chinatown." Yum. I agree with other reviewers that there were many afforable options to eat compared to other casinos on the strip, along with high end restaurants. We were there on a Friday for Zumanity, so the atmosphere was club like. The music was great and we had a great time playing the slots. Before we headed out, there was a Michael Jackson impersonator that was kick ass. The crowd really enjoyed it. I don't know that I would stay here because it is towards the end of the strip, but I would definitely hang out here again. There is a roller coaster and arcade, too...lots of variety!
Is it bad that I loved the New York- New York? After all, I am from the big apple. Neeew Yooooork, concrete jungle where dreams are made of there's nothing you can't do!. . I took a walk through on the way to the Roller Coaster. The casino was very fun themed and full of busy bright lights, a lot like the city I love. Even the guys handing out flyers, and discount books added the New York flavor to the hotel/ casino. There were pretzel shops, pizza shops, ice cream stores and a coyote ugly to definitely make you feel like you're in the heart of New York. . . I definitely wonder how it would be to stay at the hotel and constantly run into that type of traffic.
The casino it'self was just like any other casino in Vegas.  It was clean, large variety of games.  I'm happy with that.  I am THRILLED with the selections of food options at NY NY.  You name it and it's there.  Love everything I had to eat.  The hotel was extreamly clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.  NY NY will be where I stay in vegas from now on.  Loved It!!  Just wish all the restaurants were open 24/7.
I really love the layout of this casino as it's easy to get around. Also, the ceiling is very high so you can breathe unlike some of the smoky casinos with low ceilings. There is a good variety of places to eat. The only negative for me is the roller coaster. The line was very long and the ride itself hurt more than it was fun. This is coming from someone who is a roller coaster junkie.
Good location on south end of strip but away from most of the crowd. Get 'park avenue view room', we were on the 30th floor of the Chrysler building, nice view. . Looking for cheap drinks? Check out the 'chiller' stand in the casino, souvenir cup is $16 but refills are only $12 and you can really taste the alcohol so you get your money's worth. . There's a New York pretzel stand that sells 'pretzel dogs', but don't get any there, goto the Excalibur and check out Auntie Annes. You get more for the same price and they make it fresh when you order. . The sign says parking is only for guests but they give you no decal or anything to distinguish you as a guest of the hotel and they wave everyone in, so be careful about locking your car.. There's a 'resort fee' of $18 a day but they'll waive the fee if anything is wrong. We found a wet spot on the carpet when we checked into our room, they took two days off. My boyfriend accidentally used a towel stained with grease and he was able to get 3 more days off, so that we didn't have to pay the resort fee at all. . They have a Cirque show 'zumanity' playing at the hotel but it wasn't playing the week we were there, although we did see the KA show across the street at the MGM, a must see if you can get tickets. There's an indoor 'tix4tonight' box office across the street inside the coke a cola store front, we got a good deal from them, at least a $40 discount from reg price. But if you want KA or another really popular show you should show up at least by 9:15am to stand in line the day of the show, they open by 10am. . The Chin Chin restaurant is a good choice for their breakfast buffet or for dinner. The breakfast buffet is really limited but they have a rice dish with pork, peas, and carrots that is delicious.. All in all it was a good hotel to stay in, we would use this hotel again.
Stayed here for 3 days and had a great time.. My wife loves this place!! Just hung out by the pool!!!!! Great time!!!
I absolutely love New York; it has been my spot since I turned 18.  I had the opportunity to go to New York last year and I cannot wait to return w/ the boyfriend in the future because everything from the 24 hour subways, food being delivered (bagels, Chinese food, Thai food, etc.), and the freedom to live w/o a gym membership because w/ all the walking (no car required [I hate driving, too]) is the life that I used to envision for myself.  Now that vision has dissipated because it's not just me, myself, and I anymore.. . Walking into this hotel brought back good memories and I love the pizza that my boyfriend and I shared at Sirrico's Pizza.  The architecture, the atmosphere, the food.. everything reminded me of New York City so kudos to this hotel for creating that experience!
Free craps lessons here at 11am-12pm. . . I won $500 on the $1 slot machine last trip in january and this trip, I won $1,080, also on the SAME machine. I wish I kept the monies :(. . Greedy, I went back to where we were staying, Aria, and lost it all back and more.. . Will try again next time :)
Spent some time in New York New York Casino today.   I'm ambivalent on this review.  I liked it but I lost a shitload of money.  Okay... maybe we define "shitload" differently, but still.  . . My favorite parts of the NYNY Casino:  . . ~VERY decent sized casino.. ~They have that AWESOME piano bar and guess what, during the day, NO COVER!   I hate paying a cover to go into a bar so I can BUY a drink.   In the evening, there is a coever, but not in the day time!  YEA!. ~The bathroom stalls have cup holders.  LOVE THIS~!. ~Checked out the pool and, wow, I like it.   Compared to the Venetian, looks way more fun... has some spraying things and places to sit and just overall, small, but fun-looking. ~tons of restaurants and bars and check into the 24 bar and get a free jello shot at the Center bar.   Yea!  Free is good.. ~ rum and cokes ordered while playing actually had rum in them!. ~Very good arcade... even had ONE pinball machine; more pinball would have equaled better score.. . Not so favorite: . . um, I lost a hundred dollars!
This hotel was horrible. The staff was too nice the food was too good and the room was clean and spacious. If i had a fridge or microwave I would have said 5 star. If you like that sort of thing stay here as for me I'm not staying here again til the next time
Better than I expected!  . . After stopping by a few times, I actually stayed for the first time.  The Tower rooms are pretty nice - newish, plenty of drawer space and free if ineffective wifi.. . The casino is usually lively at night - plenty of craps tables.  And really tiny but functional horse-racing space.. . Plenty of cheap food at night as well.  Il Fornaio for breakfast was fine (basic breakfast stuff:  pancakes, etc), but I'd probably go to MGM across the street for more interesting choices.
I actually enjoyed my stay here.  Please forgive me for being a year late in my review.  I am sure things shouldn't have changed much since then.  But the casino is decent, they have the Zumanity Cirque du Soliel show there if you are interested, they have a night club, Coyote Ugly, a roller coaster ride, a decent bar that features people singing and displaying their talents, and restaurants among other things.  Typical Vegas.  . . The rates were reasonable when I went in September of last year.  It is at the very start of the strip so it is a long walk down...HOWEVER, if you are going to be on any end of the strip, this is the one!!!  This year, I stayed on the opposite and very far end of the strip at Hilton Grand Vacations and I will review that later.  The NYNY room is reasonably sized.  I will say it fits two comfortably.  Of course you have the resort fees which is a downer - but to be expected in Vegas.  I really have nothing negative to say about the place.  I would stay there again.
One of the four Casino's I hit for gambling consistently. Part of the four kings as I call it ;). . The food is decent, and varied, but I have not tried them all. They have these GIGANTIC donuts in one of the coffee shops. . . Gambling here is pricey, but that's gambling for you. :). . I hit the craps tables and you won't find anything less than $10 a play.
This is the coolest of the theme oriented casinos in Vegas.  It's cheesy but it works.
Isn't this exactly the kind of hotel you think about -- or dream about or fear -- when you think "Las Vegas?" There it is, a jumbled pile mock-up of the venerable Manhattan skyline -- the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, the Public Library -- allcrammed together, along with the 150-foot Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, all built to approximately one-third scale. And as if that weren't enough, they threw in a roller coaster running around the outside and into the hotel and casino itself.. . Inside is a different story these days. Once as highly themed as the outside, the main casino space has gotten a makeover that has removed much of the New York detail. Gone are the Big Apple Bar and Central Park-themed gaming areas, replaced by a sleekly modern decor that while pretty, is nowhere near as entertaining. The replica of Greenwich Village, down to the cobblestones, the manhole covers, the tenement-style buildings, and the graffiti, remains (Yes, they even re-created that!), and you'll still find enough of the Gotham silliness elsewhere to probably evoke a smile or three, but dizzy laughter over the sheer spectacle is a thing of the past.. . Upstairs is the arcade, which is Coney Island themed (naturally) and this is where the line for the roller coaster starts. There are many restaurants, all housed in buildings that fit the theme of whatever New York neighborhood is represented in that particular part of the hotel.. . Rooms are housed in different towers, each with a New York-inspired name. The place is so massive and mazelike that finding your way to your room can take a while. There are 64 different layouts for the rooms, which have moved them ever farther from the original Deco-inspired decor to something bland, albeit comfortable, and though the bathrooms are small, they are pleasantly decorated. There can be a loooonnnggg walk from the elevators, so if you have ambulatory issues, you had best mention this while booking. Light sleepers should request a room away from the roller coaster. The health club and spa are nice but nothing to write home about and the mediocre pool is right next to the parking structure.. . In addition to a particularly good food court and the aforementioned restaurants, there are several festive and beautifully decorated bars and club opportunities plus the topless and adults-only Cirque du Soleil production Zumanity, which we think is improving but not the best that Cirque has to offer.
The hotel rooms are big like where you can have a small party in the room. The beds are soft and comfy. Casino is cool. A good variety of restaurants. I enjoyed staying there.
Great hotel! I love the atmosphere. Restaurant section on the casino floor is so cool!
I had never been to Las Vegas before and I think we all see the glitz and prestige of "the Strip" dramatized and characterized on TV and that sort of excites one to go. I will say out of all the hotels in Vegas on the strip, NYNY is the best hotel I have seen that has a total them inside and out. My sister and I decided to walk down the strip (bad idea with my sister in flats) since we didn't know there was a bus/trolley that goes up and down the strip (bad planning...I know). As soon as we saw NYNY we made a quick turn into the hotel and instantly it's like an overwhelming sense that you're in NY w/o the smell. I just can't sum up how well themed this hotel/casino is. It's like you hardly notice the slots and casino feel off it because it's like you're really on vacation. . . We didn't get a chance to ride the roller coaster outside, but I'm sure it would have been a blast. The food was excellent. The slots were looser one that day than most of the other casinos on the strip (disclaimer: probably not going to be loose on the day/time you go.... :P ). We stayed in the Stratosphere but next time I go to Vegas I definetly will be staying at NYNY or that other hotel that has a man made beach inside or Luxor.
#30DaysOfYelp: 17/30. . My first time playing slot machines in Vegas! I only lost $6! (From $23, haha.) Woohoo! . . This casino sticks to the cheesy NY-NY theme really well. Statue of Liberty outside, cool art deco art & structures, the restaurant area fashioned to look like streets...all in all, I was impressed with all the sights! Had some pizza, & Reuben sandwiches for dinner. Prices were ok, considering the area. There are some sit-down restaurants I'd consider trying in the future. We passed by a dueling piano bar that would be fun to hang out in - I always wonder how they remember all the songs! Also, they have a roller coaster upstairs in the "Coney Island" arcade! We didn't go on it, but I suspect it's expensive or has a long line. . . The casino part was pretty standard, but I don't know much about casinos or gambling. They all kind of look the same to me. Hourah Ghostbusters & Batman game though - high tech visuals & vibrating chairs! Hostess came by 3 times & each time we got our "free" drinks...got a bit hammered so I was having fun. I think it would be cool to stay here one day, especially if rooms are themed too!
When you were a kid, did you ever want to have a giant slot machine? Well, I did. . How are you expected to get on the elevator, past reception, with that giant slot machine staring at you...laughing in your face because it knows it's going to take all of your money. . . True story folks. It all started when I put $20 in this machine. First few pulls and I'm down. Next few pulls and I'm up. Up, down, up, down, up. Now I'm exhausted and have a crowd around me as I've been here for about 20 minutes (I'm sure people were just gathering because they were fed up with me not sharing the machine). I am heaving and hawing, yanking on that machine over and over. Every time I got back to  the original $20 I had put in I told myself I was going to leave, but I never did. . . Downward spiral. In a matter of minutes went from $47 to $1. I took my last $1 pull and gone, the money is gone. I share a moment with the machine, pulling my face close to it...more like using it to cover the tears gathering in my eyes. I take a moment, step back and take a breath. No longer than a minute and someone else has already taken my place. $1 in. . . DING, DING, DING, DING. $1, 1 pull, jackpot of $4,793.54. For realzies?. . Things to remember:. 1. That was a true story. 2. You can't ask someone for a cut of their winnings, even if it was you who had just dumped an endless bucket of cash in the machine for over 20 minutes. It doesn't go over very well. . 3. Don't go in March because the pool is closed (I learned that the hard way). 4. Nice accommodations, good value.. 5. They have a chipper in the hotel :)
Our first time staying at this hotel.  . . Check in was longer than most. But this is a large hotel in Vegas so you expect lines.  Once at counter the agent was friendly and engaging.. . Very nice room overlooking the strip and roller coaster.  You did get some street noise, you're overlooking the strip, but the roller coaster was not an issue, I thought it would be, but was not.. . The room was clean, quite and decent size.  Doesn't have coffee in room, refer.  But does have safe and separate AC/Heating.. . The whole ambiance of the casino/hotel was fun. Just like being in a NY neighborhood.. . Staff was friendly and efficient.. . Our friends had a Zaggat suite. It was 1200'. Big room for a great price.  Had a lot of windows, big couch, mini bar area, Jacuzzi tub with view. Shower separate sinks.
I think I had more fun here than anywhere else I went in Vegas. This is the ONLY casino that still has Sic Bo machines (there are no more tables in LV). The roller coaster is rough, its not a smooth ride as I had expected.  Good Casino layout, and food at the restaurants.
I just finished my second visithere and for the price it is still a good place to stay. Some of the other casinos on this intersection are showing their age, but NYNY is keeping up pretty well..  I will probably stay here again if they continue to keep the promo's going.
hotel staff was great check in great  entertainment great check out great. but be warned there breakfast buffett at chin chin resturant was verry disapointing had only 8 iteams and  cost 15.00 bucks
Great Hotel, great value.  Not expensive, but the rooms are beautiful, the bathrooms spacious.  AND the only hotel I've stayed at where you don't hear the other guests in the hall or in their rooms!  Heaven.  Make sure to get breakfast at Il Fornaio off their casino.. The rollercoaster jerks you around a LOT, so if you like that kind of thing, go for it.
I hadn't been to Vegas in 15 years much has hanged. The strip blew my mind. My husband and I took our 2 boys ages 8 and 10.  I chose NY NY because I was told it was one of the best kid friendly hotels and room rates were low. We got incredible value! Our kids practically lived in the arcade! There are so many great places to eat or grab a slice of pizza, Deli sandwich hot dog ala Cony Island style. . The hotel is across the street from M&M World and Coca-Cola store. Kids loved it!. We were all too scared to ride the roller coaster, but enjoyed watching others screaming by us. Maybe next time we will be brave enough because we will definitely be returning.
Hotel New York New York sends a general outline of Manhattan. The entrance is a 45-meter high replica of the statue of Liberty, surrounded by buildings, typical of New York. Front of the statue of liberty is a copy of the Brooklyn Bridge.. Roller coaster "Manhattan Express" run around the entire complex and returned to the store "Coney Island Emporium".. Inside the complex there is a casino area of 7800 meters and kvadrtanyh imitation of New York's streets with lanterns and sewer manholes.. Casino was one of the biggiest one with lot's of possibilities for gambling..
Aside from having to pay a resort fee to stay at this hotel of approximately $20/night (BTW, this fee is taxed), I had an enjoyable experience. It is interesting to peer out of your window and see a roller coaster go by your window. . . Since it was my first time staying at this hotel, I was dreading having to enter into this property since it is located on the NW corner of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. Since I was exiting off the 15 freeway, I wasn't sure if there was an entrance off of Tropicana. As I was making my approach, I did notice an entrance off of Tropicana Avenue. However, the left turn lane can be easily missed at night. Also, there is a long curb delineating the left turn lane so if you miss it, you will have to enter through Las Vegas Blvd which is not really the best idea due to the traffic congestion. When you get to the parking garage, there is an attendant who supposedly monitors people entering the garage but all he does is just say hello to you. Once you find parking, there are two pedestrian bridges that lead into the property on the 3rd floor. Actually, they both lead into the lobby registration area so don't worry about getting lost although the signage can be spotty at this property as I was confused initially as to where registration was.. . Being that it is a MGM property, many of the properties are right next to each other such as MGM across the street, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay are pretty close by if you just take the free tram.. . I love that New York New York has a wide range of restaurants from budget to pricey food, there is something for everyone. I really wanted to eat a Nathan's hot dog, but of course got distracted from all the other food and entertainment choices on the strip. Since I was inebriated for most of the time in Vegas, I found myself stumbling to Sirrico's Pizza frequently. . . Even though I was on vacation, I found myself also heading to their gym on the 3rd floor of the Empire Tower. It was actually a very decent facility, must bigger than the gym at the Tropicana. Since the gym was included in the resort fee, I might as well use it since I was paying for it. . . The casino area had a wide range of games that seemed to be quite reasonably priced for the strip that is, although if you wanted lower limit tables and slot machines, the downtown Las Vegas area would be better for that. . . Overall, I enjoyed my experience at this hotel and casino.
Stayed here twice so far. Rooms are clean and modern. Tons of shops inside, great restaurants, large central bar. . . Walking through the hotel halls is like walking down a city block. If your room is located further from the elevators, prepare to walk a good deal. Concierge was helpful but the lines moved a bit slowly as expected.. . It's on a good part of the strip so you'll have fun which ever direction you decide to take. It's location is on the south end but not more than a few min walk from all the great casinos. . . Airport is a 5 min drive directly down Flamingo and the freeway is another 2-3 min drive going the other direction. Price is mid-range for Vegas.
This is a great casino.  Lots to do in here, lots of very good places to eat.  It is also conveniently located, next to Monte Carlo and across the street from MGM.  More than enough tables and machines to gamble on. My only negative is that you cannot walk into this place from the bridge without being hit on for money or someone peddling their rap CD's for their "burgeoning careers."  This seems like the place where the TV show of the LVMPD spends most of their time busting trouble makers.  But it is an awesome experience inside here.  Great dining area and roller coaster that has people screaming while you're eating your meal.  Awesome! Very vibrant place.
Each year my work takes us to Vegas, and each year we stay at a different hotel.  I must say I enjoyed my stay at New York New York.   The standard rooms are ok, nothing special, however we decided to upgrade to the spa suite for just $40 a more a night....This was worth the money.  The jacuzzi spa was wonderful after walking all over Vegas during the day.  The people that worked at New York New York were nice and helpful!  The restaurants on site were affordable and offered a nice selection of  different food.   I would for sure stay here again.
Spent 6 nights here on a business trip to CES.  Check-In time is offically 3pm but they will start checking in a couple hours early for an additional fee ($50 I recall) and you can store your luggage with the bellhop service if you decide to wait.  I arrived around 11am from the airport and was told by the very friendly and courteous attendant at the front desk that if I didn't care about a view, I could have a Spa Suite on the 3rd floor right away.  I wasn't there for the view so I accepted and went up to the room and immediately realized why this room was available......It's surrounded by large VERY VERY NOISY fans and other roof equipment.  The windows in the room (357) look out onto the top of the roof of another section of the hotel.  No big deal, like I said, I wasn't there for the view.  But the noise was insane!  Sounded like a diesel truck engine running in the room!  I went back down to the front desk and told them about it and they said "no problem, we'll move you up to another suite as soon as one opens"  which turned out to be a couple hours later.  The new suite up on the 21st Fl was excellent.  Same basic room layout as the noisy 3rd floor room, very spacious bordering on huge, king bed, 2 person hot tub in the bedroom, decent size bathroom, free wifi, nice TV, and a really great view of the West side of Vegas and the scenic mountains.  Only thing really lacking was a refrigerator.  Not even a small one in the room.  The next size upgraded suite apparently has one it but not  the Spa Suites.  Hmmmm I'm used to having a fridge even in a basic Hilton room!  Anyways..... The bed was very comfortable, tons of pillows, and really no compaints about anything in the room.  I was a little worried about noise when I first looked out and saw the big arc of the roller coaster where the coaster climbs slowly up to the big drop.....and everyone screams......but unless I was listening for it, I didn't even notice after a short time.   having the hot tub in the room was awesome too after some long days on my feet doing a lot of walking around.  So nice to come back and relax in the hot tub in the privacy of my own room.  . The casino is well laid out in a central location and most of the rest of the first floor is filled with eating establishments.  Being there for 7 days and 6 nights, I got the chance to try many of them and was very pleased with the variety and quality of the choices.  They run the full range from very cheap to rather expensive too so there really is something for everyone's budget here.  . They have a couple shows to see as well and my wife and I saw Zumanity with a nice discount from the hotel conceirge.  Good show for adults...a bit odd at times but very entertaining overall.  . I'd highly recommend not renting a car from the hotel's Avis desk though. They charge twice as much to rent from the hotel as they do from the airport which is a 5 minute cab ride away.  I only needed the car for one day so it was worth the cab ride over to save $100.  . So overall, I'd recommend the hotel and wouldn't mind staying there again but I'd make sure I got a room with a fridge next time and wouldn't even think of anything on the lower floors due to noise.
I will give this place 5 stars when I actually have the opportunity to stay here! I have always wanted to because of it's perfect location on the strip and becuase some of my favorite places are located inside. . . Sorry Venetian, sorry Paris, but New York, New York has the best themed indoor-but-you-feel-like-you-are-outdoors area! I just LOVE walking the streets, stopping for a hot dog or popping in to the dueling piano bar. Coyote Ugly is a great place for a more laid-back club experience (I say laid-back loosely... it's still a club-like atmosphere, just more laid back in comparison to, say, Tao or The Bank.) and the frozen drink vendor outside of it has the best bang-for-your-buck drinks- even better than Fat Tuesday! I also really enjoy the Nine Fine Irishmen bar, and, even though I do not enjoy sports of any kind, I even like the sports bar and grill.. . NY, NY is a must-see casino when visiting Vegas. Don't pass it up!
Want to start by saying Vegas is not my preferred Vegas destination; my bf chose the city, I chose the hotel based on location, size, and proximity to the attractions I wanted to hit. I'm glad I went with NYNY. . . The hotel itself is not as massive as some of the other resorts we visited (MGM, Caesars, Bellagio,) so you don't feel like you're walking for days between your room and the exits or somewhere else in the hotel. The staff at check-in was fantastic and accommodating -- we had asked for a room near an elevator and while she tried to up sell us to an upper floor for $50, we stayed on the 3rd floor, about four doors down from the lifts. Also, I had a fabulous chat with the ladies at the MLife desk (I wish I could remember their names... One was from NC!) and felt very much at home at NYNY. . . While is isn't much in the way of shopping, the restaurants are superb and I recommend hitting up a slice of NYC-style pizza on the cobblestone streets for $4 (or $7 with a drink). Plus,at night you can listen and dance in the street to the piano bar through the open windows. . . Also, I don't know what other people are talking about... The mattress in my room was incredible. Best sleep I've had in a LONG time!
I had last stayed here back in 2007 and had said "never again". Spring break with the kids  all drunk at the pool was too much for me. My sister made the reservations and we saw the reviews had gotten better over the past few years. I was so glad to see so many improvements in the lobby and casino bars etc. Much cleaner and easier to find things. the City area in back is even better with food choices more and menu selections more varied! The starbucks helped too! The arcade and coaster area upstairs is still a fabulous place for kids and grown ups alike! The center bar staff were fabulous and the 9 fine Irishmen still rocks!
I have now stayed multiple times at this hotel and have little to complain about.  The prices are in line, if not lower, of other strip locations and offer rooms that have recently been remodeled with great matresses. The tower room set up is also a big plus to me- I appreciate stacked rooms that are easy to access instead of walking miles to your room.. . Food variety in this hotel is great. The offerings have a steak house, chinese, italian, express and a sports pub. . . Entertainment is great, Zumanity is one of my personal favorite Cirque du Soleil show matching the hotel well. Times square also has a dueling piano bar which is packed at night, much fun. . . The location of the hotel also is right near the center of the strip which is great for driving/ walking access.
I have always disliked this part of the Strip. My previous Vegas Vacation's (yeah, I went there) have been further north - Mirage, Paris, etc. However, due to budgets and the desire to try something new, the six of us stayed down at NY NY for a bachelor party recently. I must say that I was impressed with the hotel in a way I didn't expect. But I still don't like this part of the Strip. . . We arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday and I expected a long wait at check in. But...there wasn't. We had our keys within 5 minutes or so. We had two Park Avenue (base) rooms, and one Madison Avenue room. . . Park Avenue - Small but comfortable. The bathroom was large enough, and the beds were comfortable. Everything was very clean, the TVs were nice and had plenty of channels. . . Madison Avenue - On a corner overlooking the Strip and the airport (great, because I'm an aviation nerd). There was more room, but also an annoying column that was randomly placed and took up park of it. There were plenty of windows, a large bathroom, two comfy beds. . . Food options are good, and mostly on the affordable side. I recommend the Greenberg's Deli or the Broadway Burger place. Also Nathan's which is quick and cheap. Bar wise, Nine Fine Irishmen is a blast. Pour 24 is okay. Coyote Ugly is a great place to get a to-go frozen beverage for the road, but I have no desire to actually go inside. . . The casino is fine and has all of your standard games, but feels (only feels, I have no facts) slightly smaller than others. The sports book is awful - best go across to either MGM or Excalibur, both of which have better sports books.
We stayed at NYNY when our original flight was canceled due to weather.  The room was clean (basic room), bathroom was tiled with marble, beds had crisp fresh sheets and fluffy pillows and we had a great view of Las Vegas Blvd. Only small thing was sink was cracked. We were impressed with the speed of check-in, the professionalism of the valet and bellhops and how easy it was to get some food and good show tickets (Blue Man Group) for the same evening. All staff had smiles on their faces and were very considerate of our being stranded. We would stay here again. It was an area of Vegas with plenty to do and see.  We had a blast! Food was on the pricy side. Only downside was the volume of slot machines, my ears were ringing after walking thru the casino floor. We caught the double decker bus ($8 for a 24 hr pass) across the street in front of the MGM and toured the strip and a few other casinos.
I had a conference at Paris Las Vegas, but I was unhappy with the group room rate, a price I was able to beat by a couple dollars by doing merely a few minutes of e-searching. After a couple weeks of on-again, off-again digging for cheap prices, I came to the conclusion that NY NY was a good option for me. Although Paris seemed to brag about not having a resort fee and NY NY has a $20 daily fee, I was still able to save ~$40 a night by staying here. After talking to a fellow conference goer, I found Paris charged extra for internet access anyway, so the wifi included in NY NY's fee made the deal even sweeter. The fee also included use of the fitness center and the ability to print out your boarding pass in the hotel's business center - be sure you have your confirmation number withyou.. . Overall, I was very pleased with the space. I was given a basic "Premier" room with two queen beds - meh, I don't need a king - on the 14th floor in the "New York Tower," with a view of the roller coaster. I found the bathroom to be quite large and stocked well with towels. There is no desk in the Premier room, so if you need one, you'll need to obtain a more expensive unit. No refrigerator, microwave, or coffee maker. I did use the ice bucket to keep my yogurt chilled, which worked well for me.. . Not having been to Vegas for 10 years, I was surprised at how much the Strip had changed. Remembering the major pain it was to cross the street way-back-when, I did a happy dance when i saw there was a pedestrian walkway from the mezzanine level across the Strip toward the MGM Grand. From there, it was a 10-30-minute walk to Paris. "A 20-minute difference," you ask? Yes, 10-30 minutes. A 10-minute walk at 6:30am if you walk fast, but otherwise, if you need to get anywhere quickly during the day, forget about it, unless you're assertive/borderline aggressive. There are just too many slow, alcohol-infused bodies.. . NY NY offers express checkout, perhaps predictable since establishments in towns 1/10 the size of Vegas often do so, as well. Because my workplace is partially reimbursing me for this trip, and because I work for the state government, I had to go through the traditional checkout process for paperwork reasons. Front desk staff, as they were at check-in, were friendly and helpful. My only issue with NY NY was that, upon asking where I could pick up a shuttle to the airport, a staff person said I needed to call in advance. Um...what? In Vegas?? When the airport is such a short distance away and there are a bazillion people coming and going at all times? Sheesh. When I picked up the house phone to make a reservation, the operator connected me to a shuttle company that didn't come for me on time. Luckily I was able to get to the airport via another shuttle service. So, if you're making reservations in advance, you may want to clarify the shuttle issue--unless, of course, you win big and score a limo.
Hotel is nice. NYNY has easy access from freeway and their parking structure is very easy in/out access. The hotel has a lot of fun places to eat. Pizza, steak, ice cream, Starbucks---all at your fingertips. Rooms are nice and they let us check in at 10am which was a big perk. I recommend joining the M Life club at hotel as makes it so you can check in in a preferred line. Also, sports book in great location. While book is small you can still get the bets down so its all good.. . Biggest drawback is as in most hotels in Vegas every time you walk through casino you get coated with the stink of cigarette smoke. Never understand the stupidity of people who still smoke but they are still plenty that do.
First time staying here. Liked the convenience of their location, central to what I was looking for. Checked in late at night and just beat the crowd, getting there before midnight. Rooms are nice, nothing out of the ordinary. Clean and comfortable what else could you ask for? Food options are not great but I really enjoyed the Nathan's pretzel dogs. Nice sized casino with all the games you could want. Cocktail servers were attentive and kept the drinks coming. Nice fitness center that apparently doesn't seem to get much usage. Daily resort fee includes daily USA Today from the gift shop, free fitness center access, free internet (wireless and wired.) Would stay again.
I was travelling with a friend who was visiting Vegas for the first time. As we were roommates in the real NYC for many years, I thought it would be funny to stay at NYNY in Las Vegas.  I haven't been to Vegas in over 3 years, so I was curious if it had changed much, and curious how exponentially more expensive Vegas is now than in the many times I had been there over the past 12 years.. . We arrived on a Thursday to check in around 5:30pm.  Despite traffic on the strip being a gridlocked parking lot, the NYNY wasn't crowded at all. There were only two people in front of us in the check in line, and very soon we were in our room on the 21st floor. The room was a looooooong walk from the elevator, but I didn't request a room closer to the elevator so I can't really bitch about it.  We faced the Orleans and Monte Carlo and had nice views of the sunset. And, despite being close to the roller coaster, I didn't hear it at all, as many online reviews had warned.. . As far as large resorts on the strip go, NYNY is probably the smallest, which is a good thing for me. I am partially disabled so walking at length can be painful.  The casino, restaurants, gift shop, and exits weren't a ridiculously long walk unlike other places (MGM, Luxor, Venetian). I didn't gamble for long at all, but the cocktail waitress swooped down on me like a hawk getting me a drink in a New York minute.  Lots of new machines in the past few years:  The Hangover, Sex and The City, and Pawn Stars to name a few.  I'm waiting for HoneyBooBoo slots!  . . The only restaurant we ate at was the America restaurant, which had very good food and excellent service. And, the prices though high, weren't ridiculous for the strip. Cocktails were strong as an ox and were a better deal than the food. There was NYC favorites like Ben & Jerry's and Nathan's, plus higher end options like Gallagher's and Il Fornaio.  I wish they had a Blimpie like I used to get in NYC all the time.  Blimpie is far superior to Subway sandwiches.. . The rooms were the smallest Vegas rooms I'd stayed in, but not exactly tiny either.  The beds and sitting chairs were very comfortable. My only complaint was the bathtub which drained slowly and had the highest step-in I've ever seen. You almost need a foot stool to get in the tub.  The resort fee was extortionary but every Vegas hotel has this now, not the NYNY's fault.  At least the wifi was the fastest hotel wifi I had ever used. Even faster than my broadband at home.  Maid service was good and didn't steal anything, always a plus.. . In summary, I enjoyed my stay at NYNY and would definitely stay here again.
It was a great hotel. The lineup was a bit long at midnight. Because it was my birthday, they upgraded our room. We got a $50 food voucher and we went to buy pizza, a huge one. My only complaints were that the hot tub was out of order the last day, but they gave a resort fee refund for that day. The other complaint was the roller-coaster kept me uplate the night because it was loud. Besides that it was a great hotel. I loved the mini new york
This review is for the casino area. Nice layout, I love the central park area.. a number of restaurants and shops in a Manhattan style layout.. This place is kept nicely updated and seems state of the art.
I have TONS of family who now reside in Vegas, so I rarely make it down to the strip to hang out. I'm there so often during the year that I'm considered somewhat of a local. However, I went to meet up with some friends yesterday @ this hotel & was quickly reminded of how cool it is!. . First, we nibbled on affordable $5-6 pizza slices @ New York Pizzeria. The slices were big & tasty (I was hungry so I completely forgot to take photos of the food b4 we started eating). Shame on me! Then, we took a ride on the roller coaster. It's only $14 for a 3-minute ride with a minimal wait (we were in line for about 5 minutes). The ride is hella fun with all of the dips, twists, & turns! Since I was acting like a tourist, I decided to pick up a few items in the gift shop next to the arcades. I was long overdue for a new sippy cup (it's purple w/the Welcome to Vegas sign on front) and yet another beer-opener magnet for my fridge (as if you can ever have too many of those, right?). After my brief shopping spree, we hit the slots & roulette table for a while. Unfortunately, none of us hit it big, but we still had a good time enjoying the ambiance. . . Overall, I had a great time & was pleasantly pleased @ my 1-day casino visit. Guess it's ok to play the tourist role every now & again because I ended up having a blast! :-)
- MGM properties (MGM, NY-NY, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Luxor...) are pretty good at giving locals/military personnel discounts so inside NY-NY the Coyote Ugly and Times Square bars waives the night-time cover charge for locals. . - 24/7 $5 blackjack table(s).  When I was here on Sat/20 Apr about 8 pm there were 2 such tables near the escalators and if I recall correctly blackjack still payed 3-to-2 (some places, eg Excalibur, $5 blackjack pays only 6-to-5).. - The "Times Square" bar with the dueling pianos is also pretty cool, though it draws an older (over 28) crowd.  At night cover charge is $5 or free with local ID.
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause my kid at heart is at play. I haven't done much time in NY, therefore, cannot comment if this properly emulates the feel of the city, however, for what it is I had fun. If you're one of those people whom can't stand children, I would stay away from this hotel. There is a fun arcade in the hotel. I have yet to do the roller coaster. The souvenirs are cheesy "I love New York" souvenirs, however, more in it or the laugh than actual retail therapy. Not a lot of interaction with the staff personally but they looked all happy serving people at the front desk.
Great rooms. Very clean. A fun casino floor that makes you feel like you're in the big apple. Cocktail service is okay. Table limits are a little high for us low rollers. Great overall experience.
I walked and walked and walked ugh... . I have walked all over this casino and for the life of me I cant find a poker room. Really no poker room. I cant imagine going to NY and not being able to play poker. So why would the NYNYC be any different. What am I to do at a casino that don't have a poker room? Eat & shop... (I'm a POKER PLAYER.)  When I think of casino I think (POKER ROOM). This casino is a nice local spot to hang out. The people who work here are kind and very professional. That alone is a reason to return and shop and support the things that are going on inside this casino. You have to enjoy people who make you feel at home. If you have not had a chance to stop in and share in the fun do so today. I go often.
This hotel is great if you have kids because they put a roller coaster ride which i thought was to attract a lot of families to stay at their hotel and bring their kids and make it great for the family too. Their prices are decent to stay and their rooms are very nice. You don't get all the glitter and glitz that you would like some of the other fancy and classy hotels on the strip but this hotel is still great for a vacation for families that can't stay away from the casinos and still want to have fun for the family. The pool is nice and the ride will keep the kids entertained. The food is great so you can't go wrong if you chose this hotel on your next Vegas vacation.
Great hotel..great rooms ..good restaurants and a roller coaster... Not much of a gambler but the casino is pretty mid sized and has all the basics. The restaurants serve some great choices, from Mexican, Italian,Chinese,Pizzas etc.. The restaurant staff is very friendly and helpful.. Rooms are nice and big.Not very modern I must say.But clean and ample storage for clothes.. They have a roller coaster ride for $14 which is one helluva thrill.. Have stayed here twice and its always been a great experience.. We New Yorkers are biased.You cant really take a new yorker out of new york, can you? This hotel is home away from home..:-)
Loved it! We were looking for a hotel my son would enjoy (he is 12) and that we would also enjoy so we decided on this hotel.. . The roller coaster was a blast. . Rooms were clean and fine (although they need more outlets for technology. . Loved all of the shops downstairs made to look like new york restaurants.  . . Pool was beautiful and a lot of fun for kids and mom and dad. . . I would definitely stay here again with out son, you can't beat the deal you receive.
I enjoyed my stay at this hotel!  The room was clean and spacious, it is located on the southern end of the strip and there is plenty to do in the hotel.   My one complaint is the resort fee.  They should just hide that fee into your stay....not make is secrete because it really doesn't give you anything.  No discounts. No free ride tickets. Just a $20 per day fee on top of your nightly rate.
I enjoyed my stay here while I was in town for work. . . The pricing is what first caught my attention when I was looking for a hotel, plus they have a roller coaster so that was some incentive as well. . . I was able to get the spa suite with king bed to fit in my budget which was really cool and seemed to be a better offer than some other casinos that I looked at. . . The room was clean and on the newer side and the jetted hot tub was a nice touch. If I wanted to be picky I would say the bathrooms need some improvement but in reality its not a huge issue. I did notice you can hear the jetted tubs running in other rooms but I don't think there is much you can do about that. . . Service was good for the most part and they helped me out when I had to extend my stay longer than expected. One gripe is the line at the front desk would pile up and it seemed like they should of opened more counters when it gets backed up like that. . . Overall this was a really fun hotel and when I didn't feel like walking in the 110+ heat, staying within the casino was still very entertaining. . . I would stay here again and for the price I feel its worth it to go with the spa suite.
This hotel I stayed at a few months ago.  The staff there is great and the trip booked through expedia.  Upon check in there was a line of about 5 or 6 people with the 2 open lanes both customers had problems about the rooms.. . I just waited got my room.  The room was nice and clean and stayed that way the entire time I was there.  3 nights it was quiet as if no one was next door.  . . The casino has gaming just like any other.  It's located at the end of the strip but wasn't a problem.  Parking my car in the lot was no problem and no charges for doing that.. . I ate at the Italian restaurant which wasn't as good as I thought it would be.  But the sports bar in the hotel I have a review for that later.. . The check out was optional and I just texted message my check out.  No hassles no fuss.  The room also had a small safe which I used and had no problems.
Had a great time here!  Spent a majority of one day gambling at the blackjack tables in NYNY.  I loved the decor of the casino, and all of the authentic New York eateries.  Unfortunately we were still super full from breakfast so we did not partake in the deli, which smelled amazing.. . The free drinks were nice and strong and I got a pretty good buzz while gambling!  The dealer was funny and witty and it was nice to have her engaging the table rather than just standing there dealing like most of the places.. . My only gripe is about the roller coaster.  We wanted to go on it, but I had a small cross body purse with me.  I needed to put it in a locker but I had no quarters.  I went into the roller coaster gift shop and they refused to break my $10 - I had to buy something (which I refused to do).  So, if I wanted change, I'd have to cash in my $10 all to quarters, which was out of the question.  I ended up getting annoyed and pulling hubby out of line and we just left rather than dealing with that pain in the ass.  For the money, I can't imagine it's really worth it - we live 2 hours from a real amusement park so I'd rather just go there!
All in all, I can't complain about the place. We upgraded from a Park Hotel room to a Marquis suite and I gotta say, unless you're in need of the mini Jacuzzi that comes with the upgrade, it's not worth the money. We were in a group, and had three rooms at three different levels, and I'd say the Madison Ave. room is all you really need.. . The hotel is fun. The pool is no frills, it's got some good music, but it's family oriented and not the day club atmosphere. The pizza when you're coming back from a late night hits the spot, and the Greenwich Village Coffee company beat Starbucks hands down in my book for a good pastry and cup of iced coffee. . . The rooms were clean, the service was good, and so it goes. The one down is a down not just for New York New York but all the M Life hotels- not only is their loyalty product beyond confusing, the customer service for that in particular was incredibly horrendous. I looked into it since you can transfer points between that and Hyatt now, but I must say, it's nothing impressive whatsoever.. . So stay at New York New York if you are looking for a cool mid range hotel on the strip, with some good eats inside, and some fun just around the corner!
This place has awesome decor. I have never been to New York but for what I have seen this Casino is very close. While here we did play some slots and the most we won was $50. Not very good cause we lost a bit. They have a lot of restraunts from a quick bite to a sit down place. We did not stay here but, from seeing all the people here I don't think its bad at all. Oh and this place has an awesome game area for kids to adults can have fun and to what my husband says a great roller coaster.
First time staying here and I liked. The staff is very helpful....room service is great. And house keeping is also very good. It's very nice place to go eat by the where all the restaurants are it very cute and you feel like you're no longer in a hotel.. . Casino is just like any other not much of a gambler so it all looks the same to me.. . The beds are comfortable. I didn't really like the bathroom it was a bit small. The room itself was nice though but our view sucked.
My mother in law works here so I may be biased lol.. . We usually just come in to see my mother in law but a couple nights ago she got a room. The registration line was amazingly long for a Sunday night but they were quick! The lady who worked there was very friendly and gave us a room with a strip view! So we went up to the room and it was a pretty good size. The room had enough space to run around in and it was just your standard two queen beds size room. As for the bathroom though it was on the smaller side, which surprised me. Other than that everything was great!!
What a cool casino, I love the interior looking like the different neighborhoods of NYC.  There were so many places for food and drinks, you definitely have a lot of options.  My two favorite things inside this casino was the Irish Pub and Cirque show "Zumanity".  I think I may have to stay here next time I'm in Vegas, as I really enjoyed wandering around this casino.
Absolutely well worth the hype of staying on the strip. The ease of entrance to n going to the strip was very convenient. The luxurious jacuzzi was a plus. The hotel gave complimentary buffet with the reservation. The blankets were not as comfortable as when I stayed at Treasure Island...Zumanity was a fun filled experience compared with what other shows had. Remember to tip the hotel housekeeper for their awesome room service.
The coolest part about this hotel (besides the roller coaster) are the old NY places. I loved walking through this hotel and seeing Nathan's Hot Dogs, Coney Island, and NY Pizza. Cool.
I really enjoy going here and having drinks with friends.. Good times, and good people around in the casino
I've stayed here twice but the last time I stayed was a couple of weeks ago as part of my honeymoon. The check-in line was long and kinda dragged, which is why I gave it 4 stars. Everything else was great. . . The lady checking us in upgraded our room for free since we mentioned we were on our honeymoon. We got a spa room, which is just a room with a hot tub in it. I LOVED the view from the room! We were on the 33rd floor with a great view of the strip. The bed was comfortable, the hot tub was great and I loved the fact that there weren't a lot of rooms on our floor. We didn't hear much activity up there and felt like we had the whole floor to ourselves. . . We ate at a few different places while we were there. We knew to stay away from America since a lot of people got sick there, according to a few reviews. I tried the buffalo wings and fries from the Sportsbar restaurant (I can't recall the name). The wings were ok but instead of dipping the wings in the buffalo sauce, they cooked them in it so they came out a bit dry. Still pretty good if you dip them in ranch. The fries were really good! We had one order of the regular fries and one order of the parmesan fries. Get the regular fries. My husband got thesliders. They were ok. . . We then tried a place that was famous for it's burgers. I can't recall the name of this place either but you can't miss it since it's around the same area as the Sportsbar place and they literally have all kinds of burgers. It's their thing. I really liked that place. The burgers were good!! The service there was awesome. The waiter we got was very attentive and made sure we always had our glasses full. . . As for the gambling, I don't gamble much but I did play a few of the slots. They were ok. . . Overall, I would stay here just because the rooms are comfy and I always get a room with a nice view.
I stay here everytime I come to Vegas. Why? Well, beacause I like the location of the hotel. It's A bridge that connect you to Mgm and Excalibur and both of those hotels have the tram to take you to other locations on the strip. Also, I like the fact that NyNy is not so huge to were I get lost when trying to get around the hotel. They have plenty of bars that play good music for all ages and they have plenty of restaurants to choose from with America restaurant open 24 hours. Vip check in is always fast & they always remember us everytime we come back to visit. Rooms are always clean and comfy and because of this, I will always be back to NYNY.
Affordable fun hotel! Spacious room, comfy bed, awesome shower, great decor, beautiful view of the city, great restaurants, & a roller coaster! I have to be honest I wasn't expecting much from this hotel. I got a great deal through Expedia which included two free buffets so once I actually saw the room, I was pleasantly surprised. I would definitely stay here again. One added bonus for any iPhone users: iPhone charger dock right next to the bed which I LOVED! . . The only reason I'm not giving this hotel 5 stars is because when you have signs all around the hotel advertising $5 dollar blackjack tables all day and all night but then ONLY have two tables who are running that special then you probably shouldn't advertise that. It was very frustrating to never be able to find a $5 dollar table when it's constantly promoted throughout the casino.
Had a great time here. All kinds of good places to eat.
Ok it's not the Bellagio, Wynn etc. for the price nothing wrong with it. . . Clean, furnishings ok etc. did not use the pool but seems small. Check-in fast and efficient.  . . Would actually give it five stars but so sick of resort fees just build them into the price.  Resort fees were originally suppose to be for if you took advantage of amenities the resort has to offer and it was always a choice.
Came here for a 3 night and 4 day stay in August. This was a last getaway before summer ended.. . Room: 3.5/5. We had the NYNY tower, and stayed in a double queen room. Room was clean and specious. TV worked well, free wifi is provided, however don't expect to stream anything, though. Checking email and surfing the net was sufficient. The room/non smoking floors didn't have any scent of smoke, which was a big plus. Nothing fancy, but a decent room to stay in for a few days.. If you want to pamper yourself, look somewhere else.. . Service: 4/5. Friendly and accommodating. Gave us a free room upgrade. One reason why I took off a star was because it took us 4 calls to get our room cleaned. Friendly Concierge and Bell services. Upon checking out, we stayed a few more hours, and checked our bags in. Check-in and out was no hassle.. . Hotel: 5/5. It's in the middle of the Strip. Great access to all the local resorts...it's literally walking distance from MGM. And since it's part of the M life chain hotels, it was easy to pick up my Ka tickets at the Concierge..  . Final Verdict:. Will probably be my go-to LV hotel from now on. Gotta love NYNY!
Get a room with a view on the strip. It's only 15 dollar a night extra but it's totally worth it. The hotel is fine. They have a nice selection of restaurants. I would recommend the italian place and the oriental restaurant. Great Hotel to get into the Vegas Vibe.
A very nice hotel but some additions could be added to make it better. For one thing having a microwave and refrigerator in the room would be nice!  Also at the front desk they told us there was a computer we could use to print our boarding passes and when we went to use it the computer stated it was a $5 charge to use it which was fine but then when I checked my bank statement I got charged two $11 charges for it. One of the charges then fell off when the charges went from pending to posted. I didn't make a fuss or anything about these charges but users beware! Also in this hotel the ATM charges were crazy. To use the ATM with your debit card it was like a 6 dollar charge and to run a card as a credit card on the ATM was a 19 dollar charge and if you were running it as a credit you would get a receipt from the ATM machine that stated you had to take it to a cashier to finish the transaction because it was run as a credit and not a debit.. . Overall though the hotel and casino was very nice and I would stay there again. The bell service was amazing and I called the operator 3 times during my visit over little things such as needing Kleenex or requesting someone to come pick up a bag of garbage in the hall way that some drunk decided to kick over. The hotel acted fast and was extremely friendly with every interaction.
This was the first hotel I have ever stayed at while visiting the Las Vegas Strip. I was very impressed by my choice of hotel!! We booked a Madison Ave Deluxe room and it looked big! The view was 'ehh' considering they gave us our room on the 4th floor but hey, its Vegas right?? I came to enjoy the ambience of the Strip, not to stay in a room all cooped up all weekend!! The staff was very friendly here. We ate at their buffet, which was at the Chin Chin restaurant. It was very affordable at only $14 a person! Other buffets were going for above $30. Heck no Im not paying that amount!! Their breakfast at the buffet was very delicious. Its cool that their hash browns are little and triangular in size!! I hadn't seen those since high school!! The casino area was pretty big, which also reeked of cigarettes, which also didn't bother me! We checked out Gonzalez y Gonzalez restaurant and club in the night time. It was a small place but with a good ambience. The music was great-Spanish music, the best kind to dance to!! Especially if you wanna see some ladies shake it!!! Since it was only a one night thing, we didn't get much of a chance to see the rest of the hotel. We did venture around it for a little bit on the day of our departure. Its cool how outside of Coyote Ugly, they have a little machine that lets you take free pix. The significant other fell in love with that and was hooked instantly! Women are such shutterbugs!! Yeah, this hotel isn't one of the new ones like Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or The Bellagio, but this hotel is very cozy and very affordable in price. Oh yeah, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez has no cover charge; just a little donation in the entrance is recommended. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who is looking for a great hotel at a very affordable price. For only $20 extra at the time of booking, you can have your room ready by 10:00am. That's what we did and I must say, it worked out to our advantage! The pool was okay. Honestly, I saw much better looking pools with a greater ambience at other hotels we were checking out. I'd still give this hotel a very high recommendation to anybody. The only reason it gets 4 stars in my book is because I was looking forward to walking across the Brooklyn Bridge they had there, but it was under construction! Boo! Check out this hotel though, people! Take my word for it, it is very nice and one worth staying during your rendezvous in Las Vegas
stayed there this past weekend and glad I did. The location is great, the check-in process was smooth and Monica who helped me was fantastic as she found my friend and I rooms in the same tower, so we were able to use the same bank of elevators.. . I had a great view of the roller coaster and the noise didn't bother me at all.. . they had TWO Starbucks! wonderful for me, because I need my coffee. The Chinchin restaurant has a great sushi bar.. America coffee shop was a great place to get breakfast, and the even had a food court.. . The beds were wonderfully comfortable.. Room was clean, and houskeeping did a great job.. . the walls were a little thin. I could hear whole conversations from people in the next room but thankfully it's Vegas so no one stays in their room for long.. . my only semi-complaint is about the toilet paper....it was cheap and very rough. We even joked about bringing our own rolls next time. LOL. . Overall, I would recommend.
I am apparently a fan of the cheese factor when it comes to themed hotels/casinos in Vegas. Paris. Venetian. New York-New York. . . The decor here is just adorable. I've never been to NY, but whatever, I love it. . . We stayed across the street at the MGM, so we ended up spending quite a bit of time here since it's so close by, and I was having a love affair with the decor. I love all the little streets full of quick service food locations. The casino floor is pretty extensive. They have a Coyote Ugly Bar too, if you're into that sort of thing. . . They have a bar upstairs near Coyote Ugly though that serves good, strong drinks for a good price too. It's good for people watching. . . The decor here is awesome though. They definitely put a lot of time and effort into it. It's a fairly family friendly hotel too. Especially with the Roller Coaster. . . The Cirque du Soleil show here, Zumanity is awesome too. It's adult themed though, it's like a cross between Cirque du Soleil and Burlesque/Cabaret. We loved it!
hotel room was very clean and worth every every penny. first floor had A LOT of eateries and the casino was fun. second floor had an arcade and a roller coaster. hotel was located right on the strip so shopping was easy. the only downside is there is no exhaust in thebathroom but I would def stay here again next time I'm in Vegas.
Stayed here for Halloween weekend. . . Out of all of the Vegas hotels I have stayed at, this has been the only one that did not let us check in early. We had the option to pay extra, but we didn't wanna do that since we never had to do that at other hotels. We were able to "check in early" meaning we would call this number starting at 1:30 and they'd let us know which room was ready. Hmm okay.. We called at 1:30, room wasn't ready. 2:30, room wasn't ready. 2:59, we got a room! . . We got a Madison room on the 19th floor with a view of the pool and roller coaster. The room was so much bigger than I thought! It was clean and the bed was super comfy. Also loved that it was pretty central on the strip.. . Decent food options, esp for late night cravings.. . Overall, it was great & we would stay here again if the price is as good as what we got for this stay!
Rollercoaster = OMFG!. . During a recent trip to Vegas, I didn't book a room at NYNY because they were more expensive than nearby Luxor and Excalibur.  I did, however, do the iconic Manhattan Express rollercoaster ride here-- which made for one of the most memorable experiences of my visit to Sin City!. . Admission is $14 a pop (half price for a repeat ride), which is kinda steep for a thrill ride that's over in a couple of minutes.  We figured, 'what the hell, we're in Vegas!' and went ahead with it.  All I can say is WHOA!  This thing loops, twists, and plungesit's way along a skinny metal track high above the Las Vegas Strip and alongside the faux New York skyline.  It was a blast, but I was happy to step out of the roller-taxi alive and without tossing my cookies.  What a rush!. . No cameras are allowed on the ride or in the loading area, but they'll sell you photos from your ride for $15 each (of course).  There's also a large arcade/midway located just outside of the rollercoaster loading area. . As for the rest of NYNY, it was pretty much the same as all the other mega-casinos on The Strip: lots of overpriced food and drink options, and of course tons of gambling.  As far as I could tell, the rollercoaster is really the only thing that sets this one apart.. . Oh yeah- we also bought a 32oz daiquiri here for $16.  Not exactly a great value, but pretty damn tasty!
Pleasantly surprised and I will be open to coming back "if the price is right".. . Got a $118/night rate on Priceline for Thur - Sun. My last time through Vegas I stayed at Caesars Palace but needed a place on the south end of the strip for a conference I was attending.. . Gotta love the digitization of gambling: no "cha ching, cha ching, cha ching" deafeningly pounding into ear drums, no dirty coins to mess with for the gamblers in the crowd and video game looking  machines that almost tempted me into giving them some electronic cash (but not quite, lol).. . The hotel, casino and shops were all clean (not a given in some of the place on the Strip), the staff were consistently friendly and attentive and the room was great. The wi-fi was free, if not super fast. The pool was well attended, although we didn't have time to do more than walk by the lucky sun worshipers. . . There we a couple of kids in strollers at New York New York, but no more than anywhere else on the Strip.. . I wouldn't pay rack rate but if I can get a reasonable nightly rate, preferably $100 or less but up to $130 in a pinch, I will be back.
Very cool hotel & casino. Had so many restaurants and a Starbucks (very important) and we got food right there before heading out to the club and strip. Our room was very nice. Only complaints are that their toilet made a lot of noise when not in use - yes, weird- and the "Mexican" restaurant Gonzalez Gonzalez was just not authentic and food was poorly "re-heated" so just skip that. Other restaurants and delis were pretty good. We stayed in the 29th floor and the view of the strip was amazing. I would definitely go back.
I've stayed here a few times because the location and price were right. I go every year because of the Strip at Night half marathon. This past weekend, my husband and I decided to upgrade the room to a players suite for more square footage and just to be comfortable. We enjoyed the two tv's and my girlfriend and I enjoyed foot soaks in the jetted tub that is in the room.. . I'm inspired to write this review because we mainly stayed here and got to pretend we were living in a New york apartment. Go downstairs for breakfast (grab a cronut at the America place, or breakfast samich at the italian bakery) or heading down to go to a show or grab lunch. I like choices. While there is no buffet (we walked to Cosmo for Wicked Spoon which is amazing!) I did like the diversity of quick eateries that were available.. . The one thing I would stay away from is the Cell phone accessories place located on the Mezzanine level. That guy is a total con artist. My phone charger broke (it's a cord I bought at the swap meet) and since I was only there for one more night I didn't intend on bothering to charge my phone. I passed by it and specifically asked if the item in my hand was the cheapest iphone 5 charger. He said $24 and then proceeded to try to sell me a phone case that included a charger. I asked if that one was cheaper than $24 and his reply was it's $99. Did you NOT just hear what I was asking you. When I stepped away to leave he tried to pull me back in and say he would sell the first one to me for $20. When I asked what time he would open til (because I still wasn't justified in $20 purchase for just 12 more hours til I got home) he said "I won't be open later for you, after you leave, I'm closed". That was the last straw.. . Later as i was passing the Essentials shop by the Empire elevators, there was a Best Buy machine! the cord I needed for charging my phone was $15!! PERFECT since it's an actual APPLE product and exactly what I would need to buy once I got home anyway.
Great choice for a strip hotel. Coffee maker and mini fridge would be nice ; however, these $ grabbing hotel chains want to try to squeeze every penny out the consumer. To avoid walk across street to McDonald's for your $1 coffee & have breakfast lunch elsewhere i.e Denny's or food court across the street. . . Friendly staff, great valet parking and nice Casino area. Their restaurants & bars are severely over priced ...maintain your own room bar!. . If you have a car rental drive farther south on the Blvd. About 10 min. out bargain priced liquor outlets! $1 brand named coolers put a smile on my wife's face. We're on a fixed income & we can't afford to throw $ away if not necessary.
My last review was written as a Vegas local, time to update my review.  Since I moved out of town a few years ago, we've stayed here twice.  In addition to the points I made with my last review, which still hold true, I'd want to add that the rooms are a little small  compared to other rooms at the hotels on the Strip.. . Despite the small rooms, this is still a fun hotel to stay at because of the location.  It's close to the MGM Grand and Hakkasan and not too far from Mandalay Bay and City Center.  I'd stay here again if the room rates are at a good price.. . Return Factor - 75%
Great hotel- on the strip, right across from MGM. This was my first trip to Vegas and chose this hotel because it had a good deal on Travelocity and it's on the strip! . Isn't far to walk or take a little bus down the strip to visit other places.. The casino looks great but we didn't really gamble this trip. . The pizza place is good and there is a Coyote Ugly inside the hotel which was pretty fun. . All the staff were helpful and overall, we had a great stay!
Got a really amazing deal on Expedia to fly and stay at NYNY for 3 people and 3 nights for around $200 a person coming from Denver.  Maybe its the season since it's colder but I will take 45 degrees vs Denver's current less than freezing.  . . Thought the hotel is gonna be less than desired but the rooms are super clean and beds are comfortable!  I love our location, I can see In-n-Out burger from our room with an amazing mountain view.  It's easy access to all the surrounding Vegas hotels and the interior looks like a mini NY with cute shops.  Who needs room service when the pizza place downstairs is open until 3 a.m.?  . . Gonna go across street today to check out the M&M store.  I will for sure be back again.  Took away a star because we waited in line for 30 mins before being able to check-in.  Mind you, it's low season December, on a Tuesday night....  but great customer service at the counter once we got there.  :)
I've stayed in many of the big themed hotels on the strip over the years, including some of the higher end places, but on our recent trip this was my first time staying in New York New York.  While certainly not high end, it's still a decent 4 star hotel, especially considering the price, you can get some really good deals here.. . However, with that comes the main downside - while a 400 square foot room is adequate for a short stay, I'd advise anyone to upgrade if they are staying longer or look for a deal elsewhere.  It just feels a tad cramped, and while staying in the room is not anything we really do much of, for me who is used to a lot of space at home it just makes me feel a bit claustrophobic, like they just tried to cram a little too much in there.  One thing they failed to cram in is a fridge - this is not the only hotel on the strip I have this complaint about by any means, but it still bugs me and adds another slight level of inconvenience.  Beyond that though, the room was nice, the king bed was really comfortable and the room was clean.  Can't really complain for the price we paid.. . The casino here is great, especially the tables - has some of the friendliest dealers I've experienced in Vegas, and also seems to draw really friendly people to play as a result.  It was really fun playing here and while we tend to wander all over on the strip when visiting Vegas, on this last trip this was the only hotel we actually played in.. . Food options are good here - I highly recommend Nine Fine Englishman for any meal be it breakfast, lunch or dinner.  II Fornaio (Italian) was good for breakfast.  I have separate reviews posted for those.. . It was a really fun time - I think considering the deals you can get and the great location of this hotel on the strip I'd certainly stay here again, maybe with a room upgrade!
We went here for our company party just to ride the roller coaster, I had never been here yet and the casino area was amazing!!! Super clean and pretty.  Though I didn't gamble they seemed to have a lot of different fun and interesting slot machines.. . The process to get on the roller coaster wasn't to bad, not sure the cost as my bosses paid.  There was not many people in line for the ride yet there wasn't much order.  The ride was fun but scary (still cant believe I did it). . I looooove that they take pics of you before and during the ride!!! Thought that was an awesome touch!. . I cant wait to come back to New York New York to play some games......no more rides though :)
I liked New York New York each time I have visited the location. They have a big statue of liberty made out of jelly bellies which is cool. The outside also had a smaller version of a cable bridge you can walk over which is a nice touch. There is a section of restaurant shops on an upper level with the casino and other restaurants down on the lower level. Prices for most of the options here are decent when compared to some of the other hotels. They have a roller coaster which goes through the inside of the casino which is something you do not see everyday. Pretty cool location that you should check out on your visit to Las Vegas.
I recently stayed here for five nights with my partner. The check in and check out process was fast and efficient. The cocktail waitresses there are lovely as well. Just wish the slot machines weren't so tight. Generally speaking, it's quite aesthetically pleasing and the faux streets of New York are a great touch. The rooms are spacious and clean. Overall I would stay here again.
First, got a great price on the room through bookit.com.. The room was nice and clean, no issues with the room. Really liked the downtown area that looks like old school New York City. The only issue I really had was the wifi. I couldn't connect because of their slow Internet connection.  So no Internet during my stay.
On the corner of the Strip and Tropicana are four iconic casinos: NY NY, MGM, Excalibur and Tropicana.  You can't miss them.  They all look cool, although Tropicana is out dated in comparison.  I think the coolest looking one is NY NY.  Statue of Liberty, Brooklyn Bridge, NY Skyline and the roller coaster.  Day or night, it's a Kodak moment here.  Then you walk inside and see a nice, not necessarily great, but nice casino.  Plenty of table and slot play here, even it it isn't the largest one.  Room towers are nearby directly connected to the casino, unlike other casinos that make you walk forever to get to the actions.  Rooms are nice and clean, but they are small too.  View outside of the room are pretty good from most angles.  The big negative is that the other casinos are boring surrounding this one so you may need to jump in a car tor more action.
