Came here last night on New Years Day to celebrate grand opening weekend and see Kaskade who I just can't get enough of.  Luckily, my group had hookups and we were able enter the club anytime.  HOWEVER, I did get dinner at China Poblano around 8pm (separate review - 2 stars) which is in front of the Marquee entrance and wow...the line was LONG!!!  Wrapped way down the hallway and for it being only 8pm, I was surprised.  Granted, it was opening weekend, but still.  I can imagine that anyone who writes a review based on waiting in that line will give the club 1 star or something.  The line looked awful, and Marquee has a strict dress code, so NO SNEAKERS GUYS!  I bet a lot of guys were turned away after waiting in that long line because they were wearing sneakers.  . . Anyway, my crew rolled up around midnight and were walked right in.  Ladies were $20 and guys were $50 (this could have been an opening night price list especially with kaskade performing).  The layout is very windy and spread out kind of like a maze.  I remember getting lost multiple times just because it's not spread out flat like XS is.  The dance floor is in the middle surrounded by tables that are kind of elevated up similar to a cirque del soleil layout.  There is a large outside area that was surprisingly open for it being so cold last night (35 degrees).  There is also an upstairs that is more of a loungy area that is called the library (from what I remember at least).  A good part about the club being so spread out and maze-like is that there are a lot of different areas for people to hang and drink.  I think that once the initial buzz gets worn out, it'll be easier to get in for the general public.  I'm excited that kaskade will be spinning there regularly though!  I'll definitely be going back when he's there.
The newest addition to the strip and thus a bitch to get in. Especially on NYE/NYD/opening weekend. Usually this means waiting in intolerable long lines, paying peak period cover charges (yes, ladies, too) & perhaps not even getting in. . . It's times like this when it pays to know people who can make miracles happen. I wouldn't even bother coming, otherwise. Let me take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to all the rad people working in town who help facilitate the fun & minimize the bullshit. Everyone knows I don't do lines or cover..which is why I don't go places unless I have a connection. So, thank you to all of my friends in town.. . So, Marquee..not as big as I envisioned. You take an elevator down to the main room (2nd level), which is the largest of the 3..strictly house/edm with a bananas sound system & all kinds of fancy lights/lcd screen flashiness going on. 3rd level is the boom box room: dark, simple and hip hop. 1st level is the library..decor is self explanatory..a good amount of leather seating and a pool table. Loungey music. There is a catwalk you can enter from this level that overlooks the main room below. This is the room my group & I stayed at for the duration of the night/morning on NYE/NYD..and we didn't leave until after 6 in the morning or so. Morillo was spinning and he didn't stop until about 10 a.m. from what I hear. That's one great thing about spending NYE in Vegas versus L.A.: The party doesn't stop two short hours after midnight. . . On NYD night, my girl, Chanel D. flew in and I took here here for our 3rd stop of the night. Again, stayed until about 6 a.m. Both nights got in with no sweat. Had a great time dancedancedancing the night away. Had a blast. One of the best NYE/NYD's I've had. . . Looking forward to checking out the dayclub portion come spring/summer time with my beautiful ladies. That means you, Marian B. And you, Chanel D. And you, Sade J. And you, Joanie G. + giraffe fam. . . Ah, nightlife. Always in it for the dancing & good times with the girls and shunning all the douchebags, assholes & jerk-offs.  . . Since 2010.. . This is your friendly fitness whore, Joy B. signing off until next time. See you soon! :)
So I went to Marquee New Years Day or rather the 2nd day of the new year, being that it was 2am.. You have to take an elevator from the bouncer to the actual club. Then you are greeted by another bouncer : ) . There are three rooms:. 1st room- the "hip hop room" was ok. Didn't see any hot guys and the floors were super sticky from the spills. Stuck around maybe 5 mins.. 2nd room: the "main room" was super crowded. So hard to just walk in the door. Music was so loud I couldn not hear a word anyone said. Lol. House music. Hung out maybe 15 min.. 3rd room- "the library" has pool tables and areas to sit and lounge. Played fun music. I danced to old school Bobby Brown. Things got interesting here. And that's where my review ends.. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
After checking out the Cosmo and loving every inch of the hotel, I was uber excited to see what their nightclub had in store for us.. . From what I've read on Twitter, it seems like a house kinda of club w/ house DJs (which isn't normally my thing) so, when I heard DJ Vice was gonna kick off it's "Industrt night" (for locals) on Mondays, I WAS ALL ABOUT IT.. . I wasn't expecting too much since the last time I had high expectations for a club (HAZE @ Aria), I was disappointed.. But, Marquee was a pleasure. Very reminiscent of Tao. Which is to be expected since it's run by Tao Group.. And like Tao, it's super spacious and dark. . And from what my guy friends said: THERE ARE GIRLS EVERYWHERE!!! THE GUY TO GIRL RATIO IS 3 TO 1.. So guys, if that's what you're looking for (DUH! Stupid question. It's Vegas). Then, here ya goooo.. . The cool thing is there are more than 1 room in the club that plays different music from the main room, since there are 3 floors. (From what I remember!!?!??! Forgive me -- it was all a blurrr). . One room is the Library room with pool tables, a sit down area, and waitresses dresses as school girls (DUH.). There's the main room with a big dance floor and ability to see everyone on the dancefloor with the way they did the floorplan.. My absolute favorite part of Marquee was the pool area/top floor. SO PRETTY w/ all the cabanas and palm trees! Reminds me of Drais LA's pool deck. . I cannot wait to see what the Day Club will bring us in the summer.. . . You'll be sure to see me at Marquee every industry night. . Mondays will never be the same. GidddyUpppppp
Typical Vegas club with 3 levels of hip hop/house music.  Make sure to arrive early as this is the newest club on the strip inside the swanky and glitzy glam Cosmopolitan.  . . Useful tip:  Promoters hang around the Queue Bar on the casino floor around 8:30pm-9ish and they seemed to be giving out free wrist bands and stamps to girls and guys chilling there.  Open bar til 10pm with anything and everything your thirsty little heart desires.  NIIIICE!!. . We were led into an elevator to the 2nd floor and once the doors opened, we were greeted by attractive waitresses holding trays of beer and wine.  All complimentary!  Snazzy!  Loved the VIP treatment!. . Sexy mixed crowd.  Cramped dance floor.  Spacious and stunning outside patio.  We were definitely impressed with the outstanding service and beautiful decor. Glad I got to check out the hot new club!  . . Drink up, shake yo booty and take in the exciting pleasures of what Marquee has to offer.  After all, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas (except for herpes) so play safe party animals!
The newest Vegas club, house/electro main stage with a hip hop room and the Library.. . The elevators reminded me of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion. The concensus of the group agreed.. . Very well done and flashy. The decor is beautiful and the sights of being on the rooftop in Vegas are unparalleled.. . Tips:. -The place is less crowded into the pool area, if you're looking for a place to lounge. . -The bar by the restroom is the least crowded, so head there to grab a drink if you can.. -Be careful as there will randomly be workers running through crowds trying to get cups from one place to another. It's a logistical issue that is too great to go unnoticed.. -Get there early. lines can get hot with all the people. Saw someone yack and a girl in barefoot step into it. City of Sin does not disappoint.. . The lines are crazy. Get there at 8:30 and expect a wait of over 1.5 hours, "guest list". . There are monstrous lines everywhere. Mixed crowds. However, it's really not too different from any club in LV, sans the extra glitz for being the newest cat in town.. . $30 for guys, which is nice in retrospect to so many other places in Las Vegas.. . Glowing ballet dancers on point toes with pink mohawks, epic.
Marquee in the Cosmopolitan will become the next big club in Vegas. From the moment I walked into the lobby to being in the night club. I was in awe.. . This club is giant, you have take an elevator up to the 6th floor and up there were 3 levels to the club. The first floor you get off of is the main dance floor where the dj is. Lots of tables and a pretty big dance floor. A long bar and the nicest bathroom ever with lots of sitting room but they don't let you sit for very long. They make you leave after a while.. . If you go downstairs, it's called the Boombox. A smaller dance area with another bar playing different music than the other floor. If you go up one level from the main floor, you're at the library. Definitely just a place for you tochill and rest up, again playing different music from the other floors and has its own bars and some pool tables. From that floor, there's a balcony that you can go on that is above the main dance floor and you could see everything. There's also an outside part to club by the pool? with an outdoor bar and cabana seating. We didn't stay out there very long because it was freezing but I bet it's really nice during the summer.. . The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that there's not that many places to sit on the main floor. And when it gets crowded, the walk ways are almost impossible to go through without squeezing past one another.. . Other than those, I'll definitely be going back to this place when I get the chance especially to see Kaskade since he's made his home here for the next year! He'll be there once every month!
The New Club in Vegas. . Beautiful outdoor patio with pool perfect for lounging, vies, full bars, several rooms playing a variety of current club music, go-go dancers, young crowd, the line.. well it's the hottest new club in Vegas so yeah the line is not fun but the views make up it
This review was for the accommodations at an exclusive party. . . Before you even get there, you are welcomed by the Cosmopolitan, one of the newest hotels on the strip.  You walk in, and there are just droves of well-dressed people.  Making your way to the nightclub entrance; it's quiet, except for the fact that you are behind velvet ropes, and there are bouncers everywhere.  A well dressed woman takes our VIP tickets, and we are escorted to a set of elevators.  They guide us in, and take us up. . . The moment the doors open, we are greeted with wine and cocktail options.  A brief nod of the group we are on the move to the main dance floor, booths are set stadium style.  They are leather lined, soft and relaxing.  Walking outside, there are villa style booths lined, next to infinity pool designed hot tubs. There is an explicable sense of luxury.  Look up, and you see Aria, Mandarin and the towering City Centre.  . . So how does it feel to go to a party were we purchased the entire club?  Well, the drinks were flowing, quickly; the decor was hot, the lighting rig moved and the DJ in the house got us all up on the floor.  For a place that was 5 days old, I have to commend them on the . . There are reasons to go to Las Vegas, and this place makes coming an exclusive affair.
Possibly the hottest new club in Vegas.. . #1: We were 6 girls & 1 guy and we got on a guestlist. Girls got in free and our boy had to pay $30... Ahh well, tis' Vegas! :). . #2: 2 dancefloors: The main floor plays mainly house and the crowd was bumpin' and dancin' the night away without a care in the world!! The downstairs floor played Hip Hop and that crowd was bumpin' and grindin' till 2 (or probably 6) in the mornin'! Upstairs was some type of lounge with 80s type music?. . #3: Got SUPER crowded at ~12:30AM. . . #4: Very spacious venue (though somewhat small dancefloors). You getting heated? Walk outside and lounge with your friends in the courtyard. . . My friends were dancing the night away and I definitely had good times with fabulous company in an amazing club. Thanks Vegas!
had to check out Marquee while in town since supposedly its the new 'it' club in town...and i have to say i think it def lived up to its hype! minus a star since we had to show up at 9pm to avoid a wait and all the stairs involved climbing the different levels, but other than that, this club is amazing! haha . . 10 ppl - even ratio of girls to guys and on a guestlist, girls got in free while guys paid $25 on a saturday night. pretty typical for vegas. whats amazing is that even when we showed up at 9pm, the place was already pretty packed by the time we got inside haha. by 1ish, there was hardly anywhere to move, let alone dance so i guess it is a good idea to show up early and claim a spot haha. . . loved the different room/type of music approach so that there is something for everyone. boombox = hip hop, main room = house/trance, outdoor pool area = chill hang out spot attached to main room, and library on the top floor = lounge, was playing older hip hop/r&b music. my friends and i spent a little bit of time in every room to get a feel for it and am just super impressed with everything here. i bought some cactus cooler shots and they were $15 a piece as to be expected. didnt have any problem getting the bartender's attention and getting served. no line for the ladies room and the couch in the waiting area was greatly appreciated at 1am in the morning haha. . i've been to most of the clubs in vegas at one point or another and i have to say without a doubt that Marquee is my favorite!
It was a pretty nice club with a decent interior, although I did find the wallpapers filled with women's faces a little disturbing.  I liked how the women's restroom had individual vanity mirrors with cushioned chairs.  That was cute and a thoughtful touch.  The music was okay and the crowd was okay.  The only downfall of the club was that it was filled with stairs.  Imagine climbing up and down those stairs when you're drunk or buzzed. Yikes!  In the end, I think I would go back again.
Pros: Cool decor, main room plays house. Cons: Can get crowded pretty quickly, lines start getting long a 9PM, stairs. . Wow. Good stuff Cosmopolitan.. . XS at the Encore is pretty cool, but this place is cooler. Marquee is the newest club in Vegas and it definitely raised the bar. This place has 3 different rooms. The main room is the biggest room and the DJ plays techno/house music. In the "boombox" room, they play hip hop. In the "library" lounge, they were playing old school hip hop and R&B.. . What makes this place so cool is the decor.  The main room and the outside pool areas are just as nicely decorated as the rest of the Cosmopolitan.. . The drinks here are your typical vegas fare (i.e. $15 bucks), but that's too be expected.. . The only downsides are it gets pretty crowded and there are lines at 9PM.  It might just be because this place is new, but we'll see.. . Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas.
Marquee is the new talk of the strip. The venue is gorgeous and has a heavy European influence in terms of music and design. If you are into house music, this is the place for you, they are only contracted to play house music 24-7 in the main room. I enjoy pop music in the club so we didn't spend the rest of the night here. The booths were fun because there was counter area to dance on and the service was very friendly. Downstairs you will find the hip-hop room which is a mini club within itself, not your average small sectioned off genre music room.
Marquee is a fabulous venue and the trendiest hot spot in Vegas!. . We got bottle service and were quickly escorted to "The Library", an intimate dark room with beautiful people and great music. I believe the rest of the club plays House music whereas The Library plays top 40.  The Library is more of a lounge and fits my taste perfectly.. . Our escort was Joe and he was super accommodating.  He kept apologizing for our wait and bought us shots to make up for it.  Instead of giving me directions to the bathroom, he personally took me there and waited for me to finish so he could walk me back to our table.  The ladies who poured our drinks were fantastic as well -- they provided top notch service. . . Minus one star for the confusing floor plan, thus making it nearly impossible to find our way around.. . Thanks for the wonderful night, Marquee!  Till we meet again!
Came here to check out Robbie Rivera throw it down at Marquee and was definitely pleased with the venue. The atmosphere was super girly in the sense that everywhere I looked there were color schemes or pink, black, and purple - there were chandeliers EVERYWHERE. There were girls EVERYWHERE; seriously the girl to guy ratio was probably 5:1. I felt like a sorority house exploded. Maybe I went on a good night or maybe all the ladies just love Robbie Rivera ;). . . The nightclub has three floors (4 - 6). The 4th floor spins hip hop; I would have loved to stayed in there longer but the room was packed. You can escape to the patio where they have speakers bumping or make the trek to the other floors using the stairs.. . The 5th floor spins house and trance. They have one dance floor and tables lined up all around the floor. if you reserved a table, ding ding ding you're a winner. If not, no biggie, you'll have fun exploring the nightclub anyway.The 5th floor also features an outdoor/balcony area. When it's cold out they have these chic heating lamps in the shape of nightstands. Go out here, have a smoke or get some cold air after tearing up the dance floor. . . And last but not least, head up to the 6th floor to play some pool, lounge a bit and listen to some late 90's music OR, if you want a better view of what's going down on the 5th floor, sneak off to the balcony and get a perfect view of the DJ. It's a great spot to just chill - you'll have plenty of room and it's not crowded. . . Quick Tips. - if you're coming here for a special event, buy your tickets online then when you arrive, present your email confirmation to the ticket booth located on the first floor. Tell the Bouncer you're there to pick up your tickets then go upstairs to the second floor and report to the Ticket Holder line. . - This place has STAIRS. Be prepared. Ladies make sure your stilettos are not only chic but super comfy! Don't be that girl that falls on her ass cause she drank too much and nobody wanted to catch her. You know what I'm talking about - you've seen it, you laughed, you pointed. Don't be that girl!
Marquee is absolutely stunning! GLAM GLAM GLAM everywhere to be seen! Crystal chandeliers, neon laser and strobe lights flashing everywhere! . . Each room has a separate DJ and therefore different types of music. The Boombox is like an underground club that was playing mashups of top 40's that night. The main room has a 40foot LED screen above the DJ booth! Around 1:30am, the screen opens up and gogo dancers get to their stuff. The library is a more intimate setting on the top floor that was playing old school hip hop. It's more like an actual lounge because there are chairs/couches to sit down on when you're tired from dancing or just want to get away from it all. . . The outside area has a lot of cabanas and a couple of pools, but it being winter now, it wasn't that exciting to be outside - there are only that many heat lamps you can crouch around. . . I'm sure on any other day I'd give Marquee 5 stars, but there being a pretty lame crowd that night, my girlfriends and I left early to elsewhere to find a better crowd to hang and dance with.
This venue is huge!  The atmosphere is extremely glamorous.  They hire only the top DJs in the EDM industry.  Kaskade played on opening night, and ATB played while I was here.  If EDM isn't your thing, there are two other rooms that feature different genre's of music (hiphop and top 40).  . . I give it four stars because we had trouble getting in with a 5 guy to 7 girl ratio.  Maybe it was because the club is still experiencing the new opening boom, or because ATB was playing.  Even though we got in for free through a promoter, we still had to wait in line for a good three hours.  . . There are plenty of spillover areas for dancing.  When you get too hot, you can head outside where there is an unobstructed view of all the surrounding hotels (the club is on the 17th floor rooftop of the Cosmo).  Drink prices are normal.  Bottle service is quite expensive, but should considered if you have a large party since there are no areas to sit once it hits around 1 or 2 am.  The crowd is young, good looking, and ready to party!  Marquee has definitely cast a shadow on club XS.  Definitely come here for a good time if you are in town.
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. The place was great but it was a little bit cramped. Granted every club in Vegas is cramped. Friendly staff, friendly security guards, and very small table space. We had 12 people in our party and the table that we got could only fit around 5. It was kind of weird. We were located at the boombox room. They played very FUN music - I mean music that you can dance to and not have to be on drugs to listen/dance to. I would probably prefer this place over XS because of how many rooms there are and the staff is a lot more friendly. . . . Unfortunately, we didn't see any Tron goo goo dancers. =(
Came back to see Kaskade.. . Kaskade rocked. He is god.. . Got presale tickets. The people working the presale ticket booth really need to standardize their process. It was an hour wait when it should've really just been 20 minutes. There were crowds of people trying to talk their way into buying tickets...and the ticket booth people listened!?. . Stood in line with a lady who told me Kaskade was a hardcore traditional Mormon.. . Anyways. Good music. Packed house. Hard to dance and navigate. Amazing caliber of DJ's they have lined up. The bar by the restroom is the least busy. Buy your drinks there. Lots of space in the pool, especially deeper in.. . Mostly house/electro with a hip hop room under, and lots of goddamn stairs just getting into the venue.. . They line up groups of girls against the elevator so when people ride up, it looks popular, Las Vegas style.
since this club is new, going to marquee is like going to china town. it is taken over by almost the entire asian population of the west coast. i dont really know whats up with that but it happens everytime theres a new club in vegas.. . i dont think marquee is open on tuesdays but they were for the magic convention. as the newest club on the strip, i expected it to be extremely crowded and a big headache as all new clubs were. but it was actually not as bad as i thought.. . of course the guys at the door are really uptight and act like big jerks, no surprise there. they all do at every club in vegas.  we got in pretty fast. we had a table reservation and the wait for it was pretty good. the table was on the outside part where the pool was. it was really really nice out there and im sure it wuld be awesome i the summertime. there was also a dj booth and a dancefloor out there wc was convenient. they had these really cool glass jacuzzis too.. . the layout inside kind of reminded me of haze for some reason. the main dancefloor was a good size. the music was a good mix of hip hop that night and turned into more house music as it got later. the service was good. we had attentive servers.we had asked for a table inside after awhile because it got so cold and they accomodated us almost instantly.. . one of the best ideas in that club was their photo booth. i guess they are the new thing now. they are so much more conveneint and so much fun to use. they had the whole set up with the props and everything. . . its a good place to check out. an overall great experience. although the same as always with any of the other clubs in vegas.
Came here to see Sander Van Doorn in February.  Since we were ticket holders, it was a pretty speedy entry (I'd say 10-15 mins to get in).  I thought the security guards were kind of chill (this was upon entry), I even made one laugh.  Anyways... I don't remember walking around the entire nightclub, but the first place we went to was the outdoor patio/bar area.  . . I loved our bartender (she was so sweet) & she made my drink strong for just a red bull & vodka.  I fell in love with the outside decor & has convinced me that I want to come back here during the Summertime to get a daybed cabana.  Later in the night, some guy ordered liquid cocaine shots (goldschlagger, jager, 151) + patron (which was cabo wabo instead) & that's when everything went downhill from there.  A.K.A., I blacked out & don't remember anything after that... except getting a free chaser from our lovely bartender.  (I think she saw the look I gave on my face).  . . I felt so bad that even before Sander came on... I was thrown out.  Woke up the next morning w/ bruises everywhere (mainly on the left side of my body).  . . ... this was my first time getting escorted out of a club.  I was fine before the shots.  Beautiful club from what I remember & will be coming back before you know it!  ;]
Definitely glam, absolutely gorgeous. Just like the Cosmopolitan, it's filled with sexy lighting and some of the world's best DJs. I saw Above & Beyond on 2/19, and I was impressed by its decor.. . The only downside to my visit was the volume of people in the club. It was impossible to navigate through crowds to ever reach a point to sit or stand. Even the dance floors were full, so the entire night was spent walking until a bouncer asked us to move.. . The outside area is lovely, but freezing! I recommend this place to anyone who doesn't mind pushing through crowds.
HELLOOOO fancy smancy club!. . I've never been to a club that seemed like a maze trying to get to the main level! Once you reached the main level, there's a dance floor and a huge walk way that opens to the outside pool with bottle service tables.. . This place is great! Always popping! Dranks were stiff in prices but hey! It's Vegas so that's expected! One of the things I love about Vegas is that they don't cheap you with alcohol!. . Checked out the boom-box aka hip hop room in the 2nd floor and had to use the stairs on the side while it was freezing - no bueno! This room was suuuuper packed!it was so hard to dance in the dance floor! If some one decided to  cropdust us it would have been game over!That was not the case luckily! So my girlfriends and I decided to stay on the outside of the dance by the bar! Thank goodness! We had the hottest bartender in the world!LOL! I wanna give a shout to PAUL! we LOOOVE u!!. . One bummer bout marquee is that you have to use the stairs exiting out of the club! Can you say LIABILITY to girls that are stumbling getting out of the club?!?! Not only drunk girls but girls who are wearing 5in heels like myself. It was truly a pain in the ass! BUT i looove MARQUEE!
Great new club! Open layout, lots of fresh air and seating outside and room to groove inside. There is a separate hip hop dance floor (which is always smaller for some reason) and house music floor, but both are fun! Young and hip crowd, and I did not encounter any nasty old creepers!!! Definitely coming back here next month. Thank you marquee for an awesome night!
wen there saturday presidents day weekend when above and beyond was playing.  club was very nice.  but it was so packed you couldnt even lean like a cholo (elbows up, side to side)
Getting into the Marquee on Saturday night during President's Day weekend was interesting. . . As my friends were eating at Holstein's, they saw the line grow starting at 8pm to get into the Marquee. Around 9:45pm, we decided to go wait in line. It turns out there's a separate line for hotel guests which was much shorter. After a little running around so that I could get our group of 6 in, it turns out that only 2 hotel guests per room are allowed to go in for free. However, my other 4 friends were able to skip the lines and pay cover. $20 for girls, $40 for guys. So all the running around was worth it in the end. . . I also learned that hotel guests will always be able to get into the Marquee no matter how busy the night is excluding, of course, paid concerts like the Black Keys. . . We take an elevator to the main room of the Marquee and it is packed. And a rude bunch of a crowd too. A lot of pushing and shoving. We couldn't dance. By 10:30pm, there was already a fight on the main floor. . . The DJs are awesome and it was great to see Above & Beyond. The sound system is fantastic.  I can hear and feel the bass in my hotel room on the 69th floor. . . But the stairs are a killer. I wore my heels for an hour and went back to my hotel room to change to my flats. And what a difference! Screw heels here. And the dress code wasn't consistent. There were a few people wearing sweats and regular day clothes. So I didn't feel bad about wearing flats. . . The bouncers are great and really nice. . . My favorite room is on the 3rd floor in the Library. There are doors on the opposite side of the bar. Go through them and you'll be on a balcony overlooking the main room. It is awesome.. . I also loved the Dayclub. My friends and I relaxed here and played with water in the jacuzzis. I can't wait to come back when it's warmer.
Marquee is a hot mess, but a glamorous one =). . The lines to get into the club are ridiculous and look completely unorganized but the bouncers/ door guys know exactly what lines are for what. They make a chaotic scene look under controlled! . . There isn't really a dress code. And that is sort of a disappointment. Some girls are in flats and leggings and guys are in tennis shoes and tee. . . Navigating through the club can be a challenge, I admit. The stairs are killers- yes. The dance floor gets too crowed and you feel like your in a can of sardines, yes. But those are things that can be overlooked. Haah. . . The DJ and entertainers are great. The sound system is crazy. And the bartenders are good looking and nice.
One word.... CROWDED!!!!!!!!!! I couldn't even tell how "glamorous" it was in there cause all I saw were PEOPLE!!! . . There was a DJ in the "Library".. and the pool table was FREE all night!!! Drinks were tasty but pricey. But what do you expect? Your in one of the newest clubs in Vegas located in a SUPER sophisticated, glamorous, baller status hotel/casino. I got 2 patron & pineapple, 2 shots of patron and 2 beers for $72.  . . WOMAN: Wear some cute open toed strappy sandals cause yes, there are a lot of stairs! Because it was so crowded, I got my toes stepped on a few times.. but I'd rather get my toes stepped on and be able to dance then having to rest my feet every 30mins from wearing heels.. I'm sure glad I did after reading all the reviews, thanks yelpers!! Also, you better know somebody that knows somebody that KNOWS somebody if you expect to get in this club with no line. I'm sure glad I did!!
THIS CLUB IS SEVERELY OVERHYPPED!. . However it was still extremely nice, but not on the same level as XS for many reasons. . I came to Marquee over the weekend with a group of about 15 people. My promoter got us all in for free and quickly which was one of the only things it had over XS which could be a pain in the ass to get in sometimes. Anyways the music in the club was mainly trance and house however they did have different dance floors and rooms for different genres. I know they played hip hop in the boombox down stairs from the main room. The crowd was very diverse which i really enjoyed. I hate how Asians are invading everywhere even though I am Asian myself. The drinks were strong which is a plus in my book because it means you would need less to get drunk hahaha.. . I came mainly to Marquee because I wanted to see Makus Schulz which turned into the biggest fail ever since i blacked out. However from my friends I heard that he killed it. Marquee seems to be getting better DJ's than XS but other than that their music is the same. The main dance floor is rather small for a club that has so much hype. They closed it off around 1AM since it was so packed. Would have been better if it was more open to avoid ppl bumping you with their drinks.. . The one thing I have to complain about Marquee is STAIR STAIRS AND MORE STAIRS. I have never had to walk up to many stars to get somewhere. The layout of the club was honestly designed by a person who did not care about the easy flow of drunk people and girls in high heels. To get in you need to get packed into an elevator and to leave you need to climb down like 4 stories worth of stars. Everytime i was in the stairwell I could hear girls complaining hahaha.. . . Overall a very nice club with good drinks, good people, and most importantly good music. However XS will always remain on top mainly dude to the wide open spaces and abundance of ramps! This is a must see club though but don't trip if you don't get in.
Okay, I'm not going to lie about this place. . . My bf and friends and I decided to go to Marquee on a Saturday night for his cousin's birthday. We decided to go a little later, about 10pm. Bad idea. The lines were HORRIBLE and that was already for the guest list. We ended up waiting for 3 hours despite being on the list. *Note to self before going there, it is much better to either buy tickets or get a table if you are not patient enough to wait that long". . Getting in was a different experience though. First, they lead you to the elevators where they take you to the main hall. They have 3 levels, the main hall, which was Trance, then the lower level was Hip Hop and th upper level was more of a kick back chill place with pool tables and a fireplace. The music and the effects, light, rain and all, was fantastic. The outside was a sight too. It was amazing, although I don't remember much because of too much Hennessy in my system. HAHA! But yeah, it was one terrific night. . . All of us branded it as "worth the wait". And it definitely was worth the wait. :)
Really nice nightclub. Library room is especially nice. Even my highly skeptical bf enjoyed it, and he hates clubbing. . . Bartender was gorgeous and gave us free drinks when the ones we ordered were taking too long (they were out of bourbon).
Had bottle service at Marquee. They have table minimums and not bottle minimums. The service wasn't bad but they stuck us at a table that was too small. It could fit maybe 6 people at most, but we had 8. After one of my buddies started talking/arguing/yelling with the help, they moved us to a much better spot in the library.. The layout is a bit funky. Our table was up on the 7th floor in the Library which is more relaxed. The main dance floor is on floor 6 and the hip hop room, called the boombox is on the 5th floor. You can go to different floors for different moods and music. It's kinda cool in case you are feeling a certain way. When I went the outside area was closed, probably due to the cold weather. There was an outside balcony for smokers, but I found myself going out there a few times just to get some fresh air, as weird as that sounds.. The place gets packed! Luckily we had bottle service so we had a place to rest and chill.
3/ 2011. . The Marquee, visually is incredible! The decor is very modern and the layout is unique in comparison to other clubs in town.  . . Pros-.  * Awesome layout / Decor ... visually stimulating!.  * Music variety .  * Friendly staff.  * Fast guest line . Cons-.  * Drinks are extremely expensive!  3 drinks for nearly $50 !.  * dance floors are way overcrowded.   . Tips-.  * hold on to the railing when you go up/down those stairs!  especially if you've been drinking..  * drink before you get in!.  * Get here early unless you want to be waiting in line forever..  * Monday is industry nights and free for locals.  . . Overall, I like this place.  I can't wait to go back (most likely on industry night) where it's free for locals.  Can't wait to explore this place more in-depth next time I come.  So far so good!  I didn't like the drink prices, but what do you expect from a trendy Vegas nightclub?  Don't let the long line intimidate.  It was extremely long, but the wait wasn't that bad considering the line was that long!  They seemed to be pretty organized.
ah Marquee..  the new IT club in vegas.. . i came here just last weekend 3/4/11 & Dirty South was spinning. . Tips: 1.) get there EARLY !! seriously the line starts forming around 830, we got there exactly at 9, and managed to get in the front of the line, easy entrance for girls, and it was free! $25 for guys since we were so early. . 2.) dress code - FANCYYY. my friend wore a blazer jacket but didn't have a dress shirt on the inside (such a noob move), just a regular shirt & they wouldn't let him in.  Also no tennis shoes at all...even if its all or 90% black, strictly dress shoes. . 3.) don't LOOK/ACT/SEEM drunk. they are nazi's about this, one slip and they kick you out.. . otherwise, Marquee is a really nice club, has 3 stories, the main story where the dj spins has a spacious dance floor and banging speakers, perfect for those hands in the air moments :). . my favorite part of marquee is the outdoor area, really big, where the pool is and it over looks all the brightly lit vegas buildings around it, gives it a really nice ambiance, and it just so happens the weather was perfect when we went.. . #1 likes about this club is, there are so many bars around, you never have to wait long to order a drink (unlike XS where it takes 1 hour just to reach the bar) at Marquee, the bartenders are nice & quick & no hassles around the bar. perfect !. . really nice club, maybe not as flashy as XS but definantly a TOP 3 club you must go to in vegas!
Came for Dirty South last weekend when my friends were in town. The venue has 3 stories: Main room (for the headliner DJ), house room, and hip-hop room. I only stayed in the main level the whole night. In fact, my friends got a cabana for us to hang out in outside the main room. . . Pros: decent music from the headliner. awesome large, exterior patio. . . Cons: crappy mashup hip-hop house music before the headliner. the bathroom was a pain in the ass to get to from the outside. the main dance floor could be bigger IMO.. . Tip: If you know you want to go to Marquee, just buy pre-sale tickets a few days ahead, and there is virtually no line at around 9-10 pm. If you do purchase pre-sale tickets, get your actual ticket on the first floor of the casino, jump in line on the third level (past the pizzeria), get yourself stamped, and then go back to your room to liquor yourself up and enter any time you want.
I had an awesome time here. I heard it was super hard to get in so my friends and I got here mad early haha. In fact, I was the first gentleman in the club, so i took a leisurely stroll around the venue, stood in the middle of the dance floor by myself, walked upstairs, downstairs, just checked out this mofo. . . Pretty nice club, although I think the best part about Marquee is the outside patio. Lots of space to move around, and multiple bars make buying drinks a breeze. I never waited more than 5 minutes to order, and the bartenders were pretty friendly overall. I forgot how much drinks were, but beers were $9/each.. . As for the security, I believe they're pretty strict. I didn't get kicked out, but a bunch of my female friends got kicked out for stupid shit like touching the jacuzzi water, or stumbling. Cmon man... we in a club.. in vegas! Whatever, I had fun.. . Side note, the staff at the cosmopolitan were very helpful. As I was holding up the hair of two females yacking outside the club, I was offered assistance on two different occasions in the form of a portable trash bag and a personal (and cordial) escort for me and my friends to the taxi line.. . Thanks Cosmo! ooot ooot!
The only reason it has 4 stars is because we got to pass up the 200 people line because our friend lies about getting into med school. LOL. And LMAFO was performing live. And our friend that we did not know was there had bottle service.. . But as a general admission point of view I would hate it. Do not wear uncomfortable shoes. You will be in them all night. The bouncers will yell at you if you take them off. Also, the club gets CROWDED so the dance floor is packed. There is a smaller room upstairs you can go to do chill out for a few. That is a plus.. . All in all nice club. But it literally is LAX but larger.
Marquee is a new nightclub rivaling other popular Vegas clubs XS, Tao and Surrender and is located one escalator ride up in the beautiful newly open Cosmopolitan Hotel.  . . The wait time for entrance into the club can apparently be up to 2 hours depending on how late you get into line. I highly suggest being in line by 9:00-9:30pm to get in easily, and you'll also save a couple bucks. Guys havebeen charged $50-$70 for entrance after 11:00pm. Bouncers are douches and narks and will find every reason to kick you out; if they get the tiniest notion that you are too buzzed/drunk or even just because they don't like you, they will confiscate your id and kick you out! I had to literally BEG for one to give my friend back her id although she was sober and just wanted to know if the water in the spa by our table was warm. They probably just want to make room for more people, who knows, but yes JERKS for real. . . Other than that, the inside is okay looking, I expected it to be designed better but its not. Restrooms are bright and clean with stools by mirrors so you can sit. The best part was the outside area in my opinion. The view is beautiful as its situated nearby the City Center, and there is lots of room to move around, always a plus! Pushy crowded areas tend to get me cranky. There are also plenty of large heating lamps that you can stand by if it gets too blustery since you are outside on a top level. Also lots of different bars to order drinks at! Fast service from bartenders, drinks are about $14-$18 for cocktails. Music is mostly house/trance/dance music :) . . TIP: Early arrival, Guestlist ahead of time, Ratio of girls to guys should be at least 1:1. Check online to see who's spinning Fridays/Saturdays. Have fun!
This is one of the newest club in VEGAS! It is located in one of the newest hotel COSMOPOLITAN.. . This club have been open since December 2010.. Every time I go to vegas I have to make sure I hit this club. I would rather be partying here instead of other club... . The only part that sucks is the wait. If your not on the guest list that means your gonna have to wait in the general admission. It is usually a 2 hour wait.. . But that not my case.. Make sure your on the guest list it will take less time and you get in quicker.
So I heard this place was more "disgusting" than XS.  Which means I had to go give it a try.  There is a line at about 8 o clock at this place...which means if you don't get in early, your pretty much waste your night waiting in line.  Cover was a bit more than XS, i paid $45, and when I got in I was sort of disappointed.   They have 3 levels.  The top level is a loungy area with pool tables where you can hang out.  The middle level is the main level with a decent sized dance floor and a patio that opens outdoors to a small pool.  The bottom floor is the hip hop floor which I though was a little tight and hard to get around.  The ambiance and decor is nice, but I prefer XS cause I just felt more comfortable there.
xs is better.
Cool club. Feels like another typical outdoor style mega club in vegas. In the day time its a day club with cabanas jacuzzis. I went with 11 guys and 12 girls for me and my buddy's birthday. We got a table on the outside cabana. Its where the wooden area is with orange couches and a jacuzzi in front. The minimum that night started at $3k but we ended up having to spend over $3.5k (not including 38% gratuity) to get where we wanted. Paul Van Dyke was a special guest DJ and he got the place jumpin. The waitresses and drink pourers were very cute and didn't beg for tips like other places. One thing i noticed compared to getting a table at surrender though was that we didn't have our own security. One complaint I had was at around 1am, I left with my lady to go dance to PVD and when I returned, the table was empty. I guess a couple of my buddies partied a little too hard and got kicked out. However, since the table was under my name I don't understand why I was not notified before they cleared the table. They even took all the girls' cameras and guys' coats to the lost and found. Talk about inconvenient.. . Marquee is the place to be.
I like Marquee, but again I like XS a whole lot better. . . One major concern: STAIRS. Never a women's best friend especially since you know, we like to wear stilts. . . Lower Level: Top 40s/hip hop, will get extremely crowded. . Middle Level: Main room with the headlining DJs of the night. Above&Beyond, multiple thumbs up! The dance floor is fairly small for being the level that catersto the majority of people. This floor opens up into the outdoor area where bottle service and for the people avoiding the crowd. Heat lamps are everywhere, so huddle under one of those on cold nights. Otherwise, once the weather starts warming up, the outdoor area should be amazing.. Top Level: "The Library." Bottle Service. Pool table. Balcony overlooking the main floor. Old school hip hop and a mix of current day hip hop. I like this room the best but there's no dancing up here. . . Don't get me started on the line. IT IS ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. Don't even think about getting into the club until 2hrs after lining up if you get there later then 10. There are so many lines, I have no idea which ones go to where. Bottle Service line. General Admission line. Guestlist line. Mixed guestlist and general admission line. But barely any lines for the bathrooms or drinks. So, that's something to applaud Marquee for. If you need a reference for how Marquee is laid out, think of TAO except a whole lot better.
Wow!!!  This place was packed!!!!  Thank goodness that we had bottle service cuz not sure I could have handled the amount of people that were in this place.  Music was great (above and beyond)  and the place had a nice layout.  I will agree with some of the others, I think XS is a nicer layout, more open, definately doesn't feel as crowded.  I would go back but probably only if I was on guest list (so don't have to wait in the ridiculous line) or had bottle service.
New hotspot? Yes.. Living up to it's hype? Yes and no.. . Let me explain why... the club itself is beautiful and in the same league as XS and so forth. But I'm pretty sure everyone prefers the layout of XS more, in regards of less congestion and easier to maneuver your way around the club.. . When you're out and you finally spot that cute girl you want to dance with... the last thing you wanna stop you is losing her in the crowd because you can't get around some fat guy and a group of grenades. The solution would be more open space and a clear walkway.. . I definitely enjoy the crowd here. Not because it's full of Asians but because everyone seems younger and the music is just awesome, sure to enable a "crackin" night! They have resident DJ's and guest DJ's all the time, make sure you check it out. Kaskade, Tiesto, ATB, and Above and Beyond are just some of the famous spinners who stop by here and make your night LEGENDARY.. . Another thing is, it's definitely hard to get into Marquee if you're just a group of guys. You can't even pay general admission if you're by yourself, you need an even ratio of guys/girls.
Had a really great time at this club last night! The club has three levels, so there are changes in scenery and an abundance of places to dance (unlike other clubs).  The outdoor area that is a little more lax and is a great place to cool off after dancing all night.  They have multiple cabanas and pool areas for those who want to swim (in the day time) as well.  The one thing that I LOVED about this place was the abundance of bars. There's literally one every level and everywhere you turn it seems.. . Oh, and Monday night is Industry and locals night, so entrance is free!. . I gave this place 4/5 stars because the drink prices are a little too high. All drinks were $14-$15 (and small).  My advice, either find out when they have free drinks or pre-game at the casino or a smaller bar.
Came here on Saturday.. first time here since i haven't been to vegas since the Cosmo opened, beautiful hotel btw.. . Marquee - very nice venue, it does get very packed and a bit hard to move around, but if you have a table its fine. Outside is beautiful, with pool and cabana. Def coming back in the summer.. . It can be a bit hard to get in, i do see ppl lining up at 9pm... gotta have those hookups, and the door security ppl can be rude. Get in touch with your VIP host so you can walk right in! One thing i didn't like was the stairs... a bit annoying for girls when ur wearing short dresses and tall heels. Other than that loved the club.
Wow this nightclub is gorgeous! They treat everyone like a million bucks here. The valet service was amazing. They offer water, and the waiting room to pick up your vehicle was superb. We sat inside on cozy chairs. This hotel is hands down HIGH class!! and trust me they know how to run a business!! CUSTOMER SERVICE!! I love it here. There were three rooms. One was hip hop i love it!! the other one was a trance/house room super big. It was an indoor that reaches outside to the pool area. The other room was a lounge, where you can mingle, rest your dancing feet, and hope to get a one night stand. haha This club is awesome!! The lines to get in were super cool too... they have a separate line for ladies, which is awesome considering guys love to bug us tohelp them get in. Great idea!! The separate ladies line means no men in view. Woowhoo!! smart!!
Getting in to the club is an experience by itself. We were on the guest list and very quickly rushed from one staging queue to another - kind of like cattle - by bouncers who really don't like people much. At 10:30 I expect the bouncers to be a bit nicer and peppier. For our trouble though we got in for free AND received drink tickets. . . The Main Floor had the best music and the most crowded dance floor. The Boombox had a chiller atmosphere with music to match. The Day Club was perfect for taking a break, enjoying a drink and doing a little people watching. . . Security was interesting - there was a pick pocket at The Main Floor towards the end of the night and myself along with about a half dozen other people had items stolen - they weren't terribly interested or responsive. Again - you're kind of treated like cattle. . . Even with the theft, we had a fantastic time and I'd definitely go back.
Great venue, great resident DJs, and I love the pool outside.. . The bone I would have to pick would be that the bartenders tend to skip over people at the bar.. . And I had to climb seven flights of stairs from the third floor entrance just to get in! They said it was the "guestlist" line. Granted there were less people at that entrance, but it sucked climbing those stairs in 5-inch heels!
love this place... just came here last sat. and we had an amazing time!... nice and airy where the pool area is... music was good. i'm sold!!
this review is strictly for MONDAY nights. . . Simply put, it feels like a different nightclub. . . Right when you walk in, you'll notice the main floor is no longer endless runs of house/trance. Instead it's a perfect blend of electro, hiphop, & a splash of house. It brings much more flavor to the main floor. . . In doing so, this gets rid of Con#3 on my previous Marquee review in where everyone stares at the DJ and dance like zombies. Instead, the focus is on the dance floor. Much much better. . . Naturally since it's Industry Night, you'll see a lot more locals compared to weekends. A fun twist too since they are always excited & curious to meet ppl outside the city. . . the warehouse stairs r still not fixed in the venue (probably never will be) but hey... their change in Monday Nights is a sure start in the right direction in creating the ultimate nightclub in Las Vegas.
This is seriously theee nicest and coolest club I've been too so far. Going to into the Cosmopolitan was itself a pleasure to walk through. Valet parking is free so take advantage of that if you didn't know :). The wait to get inside the Marquee wasn't too long of a wait, but the fee to get in for guys is pretty high. So if you get a chance try and track a promoter down so you guys out there don't have to pay so much. But even with the reduced cost, it was still pricey. It costed my boyfriend $45 to get in and that was with VIP passes. I wouldn't want to imagine the regular cost to get in. Ladies are free from what I know, but most clubs usually allow girls to get in without any cost. . . Going inside the marquee was an adventure of its own. An elevator came down to bring us to the club and the boucner there was trying to get us pumped up before we got inside. That was really exciting! As soon as we got into the actually club, the music was jamming and people were already flooding to the dance floor to get moving. We decided to explore a bit and my favorite part of the club was the outdoor decor. There was a large swimming pool in middle with heated lamps along the side.. We also saw jacuzzis and female dancers dancing around the platform above it. . . Music there was most house, trance, electro, techno kind of music. Most of us didn't care for it, but we thought that was the only floor there until later notified by a friend that there was a another floor that had more main stream, hip hop music. DARN!! It was on the second floor i believe.. . Overall, my experience here was amazing, minus my feet which were killing me because of the shoes I was wearing. I'd definitely would come back here the next time im in Las Vegas :).
This place has an amazing sound system capable of sucking the air from your lungs and releasing the fluids form your inner ear.. . The lighting systems move up and down like UFOs beaming powerful colored LED lights in all directions to properly scorch your retinas.. . They have a monster multi level stage in front of a 50 foot screen with throngs of wildly gyrating half naked women.. . Top shelf drinks that will drain your wallet faster then the dollar slots.. . Cool small lounges and VIP areas with a platoon of NFL linemen pretending to be bouncers, escorting the expensive ladies of the night.. . Get off the smart phone, turn off the computer, step away from the gambling tables, and get your moves on.
This club is very nice. Us girls didn't wait, just got right in because we were on the guest list. No cover for us either. Thanks to our promoter. . . We had so much fun but WTF? I remember my feet hurt because there are three levels there and we had to take the stairs.  OMG! This club is definitely made for people who are in shape or not overweight because going up and down the stairs in HIGH HEELS and being lightly buzzed, SUCKS ASS.  The security escorted us into the elevator twice but that was it. . . My feet and calves hurt from having to walk so much. I think I should train for a 1/2 marathon before coming to this club. Ladies, bring a purse, stick your flats in so that you can switch back and forth. :-)
OMG CRAMMED!! My group was staying at Cosmo and had no trouble joining our friends who were already waiting in line. The line moved pretty fast and we were able to use these passes (admission for 2 girls or half off for guys). . . The layout was pretty cool but confusing at the same time. Outside was pretty with the see thru jacuzzis. However, it was freaking windy and cold at the time and so everyone was pretty much huddled near the heat lamps. The main room had trance/house DJs, but the dance floor was super tiny. The library upstairs had a lounge feel with pool table and books to peruse. The speakerbox on the lower level played hip hop and it was definitely hard to get your dance on here as well. I'm wondering how they're managing to stuff more people in when it looks like they're already at capacity. I would def watch your purses and pockets cuz you won't feel a thing if it's that crowded and you can't even move.  . . There are bars conveniently located everywhere. :] Just to let you know, if you plan to get your hand stamped for reentry, they'll make you return through the exit and make you feel like you're crawling back to them with their 3 flights of stairs. ughhhh. Also...try not to lose your friends. I got lost for 10 min and it was the most nerve racking thing ever esp since I didn't have my ID, money, phone, or room key on me and again ...it was PACKED!!!
LEGIT.. . VIP, massive party rooms indoor and out, good company, booze, and Kaskade. Only downfall is the lonnnnng line that wraps around. So unless you've got a table with bottle service, VIP, or both.. get there early! . . Overall, I'd say the night was an awesome blur. Oh Vegas, the things you do!
I really had a great time here!  It was my friends going away party and we had a table here.  It's a beautiful club with a very friendly and professional staff.  I wrote a blog post on the event if you wanna see pics.
The Cosmopolitan itself is the nicest hotel in Vegas. The club is really nice. It looks very similar to Drais in LA. Has an outside area to chill and a big screen where the DJ is where they put up pictures. The music was hip hop and was okay. The dance floor was packed so that part kind of sucked, but overall a nice place.
Marquee is amazing! Music is good, drinks are strong, crowd is good looking. BUT... marquee, please tell me why you spoil us by taking us up in an elevator...but afterwards, when I'm drunk, stumbling, and my feet hurt from wearing 5 inch heels, you force me to walk down a billion flights of stairs to exit?!?! And on top of that, it goes from like carpeted stairs to steel stairs where all i can hear is CLANK CLANK CLANK of everyone's heels? Stairs of hell, you are the reason I took off a star, but other than that, Marquee is awesome :)
I came here for Kaskade last weekend, and it was just spectacular. The inside seemed very crowded and loud, so a table in the patio area was perfect with the cool 70 degree weather. It was easy to socialize and it was just as poppin' as the inside. My best advice? Come early, or it is impossible to get in even if you know people, especially when it comes to the bigger name Djs like Kaskade and Above & Beyond. Also I think this place is a hit or miss as it depends on what kind of DJ comes to play. . . I am not a fan of raves, and events like EDC (why would I want to take E and party with a bunch of 16-18 year olds?), but I do love the house/ techno DJs when they play in Vegas clubs ( more mature crowd and classy)... Marquee is an outstanding club, but it does flirt with the idea of being a rave level club, so therefore I will only give 4 stars. As big and hype Marquee is getting, XS will still hold its reign for the best club in Vegas because it stays a true nightclub.
It's a amazing club once u get in. We came on a Saturday. The process of getting in is so frustrating. There are sooo many lines and people. The worst part there is no air conditioner while u wait to get in. I stood there sweating for a hour!!! My buzz went away which is a big no no. Once we got in it was cooler but the stairs are no joke. Ladies bring sandels!!!!! U will have a better time. I promise.
Marquee opened just this past January 2011 so it's the newest hotspot in Vegas. On Easter weekend, it was packed so I can only imagine what it'll be like over the summer. The venue is pretty but not as elaborate as the Cosmopolitan nor themed like The Tao Group's other properties: Tao + Lavo. Its multi-faceted design with 3 separate areas + an outdoor patio caters to clientele with different tastes who want to party all night to the 6am closing time. Love the lighting effects + the ease of finding a corner to sit + rest my weary feet without having to get table service, but what kills it is the STAIRS! And I don't mean 1 pretty flight of stairs spiraling between 2 levels like at Tao or Pure... I mean the narrow, dark stairways (hidden if not for signage like this http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=c_NyhX9Rsg-o9jy-SZ2XRQ at the back of the club) that you have to climb to get between the 3 areas on 3 different levels. . . * Location - While the club itself it on floors 5-7 of Cosmopolitan, the entrance http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=2UXu2vtfFG_hxAXQWoqkkw is on the ground floor between The Chandelier + Queue Bar.  . . * Parking - The Eastern parking garage is the closer than the Western side, but the Western has valet. Self-parking is free. . . * Venue - Huge club designed like a maze with dark corridors + multiple stairways. The 3 areas split onto 3 different floors are the Boombox Room on the 5th floor, Main Room + outdoor pool patio on the 6th floor + the Library on the 7th floor. Each has a different vibe from the music to the decor + from the seating to the lighting ambiance. With an epic amount of stairs separating each level, we primarily stayed on the 6th floor for its large dance floor with 40' LED screen behind the DJ booth + the outdoor patio http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=FGSaWfN5tIurdh_zuVg8rA. The Library is a pretty chill spot with books in shelves along the walls + a fireplace http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=CJOxBoirLSOv3OLYXC2WaA. From the balcony, you can get a pretty cool view of the Main Room dance floor down below http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=0nz-CQ2uYRMVjpAbi-JrNQ. We avoided the Boombox Room because it made us claustrophobic after just attempting to get on the dance floor.. . * Cleanliness - Quite clean bc it's still new... but by 5am when the crowd on the dance floor thinned out, I could tell the cleaning crew were getting sloppy as there were empty glasses on tables + random crap tucked into corners on the floor.. . * Crowd - It looks to me like the trend-setters have migrated from XS + Surrender to Marquee. In mid-April when it's still a bit too cold to be at the aforementioned predominately outdoor clubs, the young + hip are here for the best of both worlds.   . . * Music - As mentioned, the rooms on each level have different vibes + thus a completely different music experience. Gone are the days of hip-hop + top 40's dominating the dance floor as that genre is delegated to the small, overcrowded Boombox Room.  The Main Room + the outdoor patio feature house/edm DJ's while the Library is a mix of oldies, funk + mellow jams I didn't particularly care for. To each their own.    . . * Bar - 7 bars total throughout the venue so the wait isn't nearly that bad except in the overpacked Boombox room. The outside bartenders + table hostesses had on these adorable purple little eskimo dresses + boots. I wish I could have stole one of their outfits.  . . * Drinks - I haven't had to pay for a drink here... but expect pricing ~$15 for shots or cocktails for a decent drink. On the high side for Vegas pricing indeed.   . . * Bathroom - Plenty of bathrooms, yesssss! No signage so ask the bouncers for directions, but each level has at least 1 so we never had to wait for more than just a few girls ahead of me. I was very amused to note, though, that the GUYS bathroom behind the outdoor patio bar had a line of 10+ nearly all night, ahahaha!  . . * Price - As always GET IN CONTACT WITH A PROMOTER! Girls have no excuse whining about having to wait in line or pay cover if they don't make the effort to get a hook-up. With our promoter, we were walked right up to the door, + yes, it was the 2 longest flights of stairs in my life just to get to the lowest level of Marquee, but we were in free in less than 5 mins. Done deal.  . . . By the end of the night, the staff closes off the Library, outdoor patio  + Boombox room so that the crazy party people still there until 6am are left in the Main Room. Thank goodness, they let us take the elevators down to exit the club rather than having to trot down a zillion more stairs... no wonder some girls thought to wear flats. . . I'll be back.  Especially with the Dayclub http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=CFeeG61GNiCQJVLaaRRwpQ that just debuted, Marquee has a bright future ahead of it.
i had sooo much fun here!!!  i have a bunch of pic's on my blog if you wanna check it out ;)
XS?  No, it's all about Marquee!. . New club in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip.  As you're walking towards the club, the first thing you will notice is just... how perfect this hotel is for girls, and it's actually quite smart of them.  The decor has a lot of bling, pink, red that just attracts girls' attention.  Vegas glam with a modern twist.. . The club is no different.  The entrance is located on the 2nd floor and as soon as you walk in to go upstairs, it just grabs your attention.  You are brought to a House Floor where they play everything electronic.  Most of the weekends there is a famous DJ spinning on the main floor.  Huge huge LED screen right behind the DJ, so that's pretty cool.  There's amazing talent each week spinning and it's now Kaskade's official new resident in Vegas.   Keep walking, and there's an outdoor area with cabanas and tables for bottle service.  I was lucky enough to get in for free and friend had a table near the table so I got to enjoy bottle service.  The outdoor area is not as big as XS but it feels more accessible and not as random.  Of course, no jumping in the pool and I don't think the bouncers even let girls soak their feet in the jacuzzis if you have a cabana.  There's a bar near the end and the restrooms are towards the corner (mucho important).. . One floor below is the Hip Hop Room.  Good music throughout but didn't stay long since friends were on the main floor.  There is a "Library" room above that plays a mix of everything as well.  I can see the older crowds up there.. . Drinks are around $13-15.  Bartenders are nice and be sure to tip well so you can keep going back to him/her!  At one point... I think my Kettle & Tonic was just pure... Kettle, not that I'm complaining :P  Bottle service here is just ridiculous though.  2K-3K minimum so if you're with a group of guys... tough.. . Be sure to come early!  Even if you are on the guestlist, if you're not there early (9pm), you're gonna wait.  Be sure to have 1:1 ratio or else... good luck.  Bouncers are douches here, inside and outside the club.
April 30th, 2011 ... Marqueeeee... What a club... Thank goodness for our VIP host.. This place is not a place you can just get into, unless you're some hot chick or a group of hot chicks... TRUST ME! Bottle service, hosting, or greasing up a doorman (I don't recommend the doorman option,never consistent in price, and they're not pleasant to work with).. Groups of dudes.. Really, you're not welcome here.. This is a venue run by Tao Group and they frown on groups of guys more than any other group.. I knew this, and prepared for it. First off, make sure you use a reputable host who can get you in on the third floor. There's less congested traffic there and it immediately guts out the general admission crowd and other people. . . Now.. before I even get into details on the actual club, I'll give you an idea of what I saw before even going upstairs to meet my host.  My buddies and I were chilling by the Chandelier Bar on the casino floor. As we're standing and waiting for our phone call, I saw a line of 20-30 girls following one guy up to the escalators. And mind you, these girls weren't your average females.. I swear, if I had some sort of rating system, the average for that group that I saw would have been a 9.5. And that's on a Vegas scale... Unbelievable.. We hung out at Chandelier Bar for about an hour and saw two groups like this. We were blown away. And felt that we made the right choice for the evening.. . So shortly after, we meet our host, we get in with flying colors and we're in.. Wait.. No.. not yet.. We climb a BUTTLOAD of staircases, and then we're in. Lol.. not even nice carpeted staircases.. It's the emergency exit type of staircases, the type that echo every time you step on them.. Miserable, but yeah. So we're finally in. Immediately 3-4 girls to 1 guy. Several groups of bachelorettes and singles (well.. single in the Vegas sense).. . Now.. the main floor is absolutely shoulder to shoulder! BLAH!! Impressive lights, images, and beautiful dancers. But we look over to the right, and see the Marquee Dayclub open!! Woo hoo!! Awesome! The DayClub area is not very large like the poolside at XS. But then again, you're several floors above the ground so you get a nice view of surrounding properties. I couldn't imagine getting a drink at the bar near the main floor. The DayClub bar is the way to go. There was always a bartender available. The main floor and DayClub means all House music, so if you prefer other music, hit up the Hip Hop room or The Library.. . Hip Hop Room: Sweaty, crowded, great music, crowd is crackin, but I could only withstand being that crammed for about 30 minutes. Danced with a few girls and the whole crowd was surprisingly enthusiastic for being so squished in together. I was done. No more hip hop room for me or my buddies.. . Now for the top floor.. The Library. Smaller more loungie area with a mix of music. I heard some 80's, some 90's, recent stuff and a lot more Pop music in general. It had a nice feel. Definitely more relaxed and getting a drink was fairly quick as well. The Librarian girls were so freakin sexy! Definitely the hottest uniforms I've seen at any venue. The thick, dark-framed eyeglasses, skimpy plaid skirts and all!. . Overall, had a great time, was turned off by a few girls who were trying to score free drinks, but hey, it's expected in Vegas, just like creeper dudes to girls. We met people from all different locations and the crowd there is generally friendly. I think getting in is more of an exciting factor than anything else. I would come again, but I wouldn't prioritize it. I still like XS better than Marquee based on the fact that the layout is much nicer for moving around. But if you want to go where the hottest girls are hanging out at around this time.. Marquee might be the spot for you. But the fellas must come prepared with a plan to get in. I was in a group of 5 guys and it was no problem getting in with the right connection. So.. Enter at your own risk!
Let's face it. Part of what makes a club good is the crowd. Yes the music, ambiance, and drinks make a difference. But we all know what really makes a place pop is the people there. I've always said that all the really matters is the people you are with, but we all know everyone wants to go to the poppin' places. Currently Marquee is that place. The line can get pretty crazy and the tables are crazy expensive. However, the venue is very nice. The decor is done really well. They have both outdoor and indoor areas, with many rooms with varying types of music. No matter what music you like I'm sure you'll have a good time at Marquee. The drinks are pricey, but that holds true at most nice clubs. The thing that I really like is that marquee gives you the option to pre-purchase tickets. This allows you to pretty much bypass the line and get in much quicker. The disadvantage is that girls also have to pay, but I think its worth it. Paying 70ish dollars is way worth it to get in quickly without having to drop $1500 for a table. It allows you to avoid everyone trying to get in via guest list etc.. . Marquee is the happening club in Vegas. If you want to go here I suggest buying pre-sale tickets or a table, as the line gets pretty crazy. Common on your in Vegas just spring for the pre-sale and save time. The tickets cost about the same as a few drinks. Jut buy the tickets, pre-game in the room and have a great time in the club by avoiding the long wait in line!. . The only disadvantage to this place it that there are many stairs. So ladies try to wear comfortable shoes or your feet will be hurting at the end of the night.
showed up at 1am after getting pretty buzzed playing slots and hopping around bars at aria and was walked right in. the music was awesome and we danced all night until we literally couldn't stand anymore around 4am. lol. stumbled back to the hotel room at aria and passed out as the sun came up. ahhhh. vegas.
First off, what's up with all the douchebags?! This club had the rudest people. And the only way up/down in Marquee was the stairs. Well-thought out, Marquee. Girls love their 5" heels. Heels + 6 flights of stairs = potential disaster & unhappy girls & complaints. . . **tip for the ladies: buy "fast flats"! You can get them at Target/Walmart type stores and they're $10. They'll take up most of your wristlet but damn, those babies saved my feet. My friends were all jealous as I pranced around in my flats while they had to keep their 5" heels on! :). . That aside, Marquee was good but not great. I'll give it another chance when I'm back in Vegas again but I hope it doesn't disappoint again :(. . I would've given Marquee 3 stars, but we were walked in and comped so an extra star for that :) . . -RM
Definitely one of the nicer clubs I've been to in Vegas. . . wait wasn't even that long, despite it being a busy weekend. inside was definitely on par with XS, and there are at least 3 or 4 different bars in the club so you don't have to wait as long to get a drink. shoutout to the guy in the elevator who got us pumped up for our night! music was also on point. . . only gripe is the fact you have to walk down 233532852080523 flights of stairs just to get out! WHY?!?! when I am drunk and my feet are killing me from wearing 6 inch heels, why can't I just take the elevator?! if you're trying to go in and out, you are only allowed re-entry in the stairway also.
In love with the hotel the club and the day club. The Nightclub is amazing its huge the only thing ladies ladies ladies!! Those stairs are ridiculous especially when you have had a few cocktails! It's about 3 or 4 flights of stairs and is absolutely retarded not sure why they did it so be prepared for that. Women also find those guys on the street that can get you in on the guestlist on the third floor entrance there is absolutely no line up there.. . The day club is awsome never been there on their busy days so I can't really comment on that. The pool is pretty good sized the servers are smoking hot and the staff overall are very very friendly. If you happen to be there on their slow days like during the week or something its free and much more laid back which I prefer.. . The hotel itself is amazing well done!
First off, let me just tell you that traffic getting to The Cosmopolitan/Marquee is absolutely horrendous.  Granted, this may have been because it was 11:30PM on a Friday night, but that's besides the point.  I would strongly suggest getting here as early as you can.. . We were told to meet our promoter by midnight.  We walked right in through the entrance towards the back of the casino, and then up a set of escalators.. . Around the Chandelier you'll see a massive group of people to the right.  It didn't seem like there was any sort of method to the madness.  Luckily,  we were told to go to the 3rd floor and meet up with the promoter.  There were WAY less people up there.  We told them who we were with, and got let in for free with no problem.. . Little did we know that we were about to go up 6 flights of stairs, in heels mind you.  We made it to the Boom Box Room which mostly plays Hip-Hop music.  Our promoter gave us a little tour and took us up to the pool area and main (house) room.  We also got drink tickets--super cool of him!. . Marquee is HUGE, and just plain beautiful.  The view from the club is a little bit ridiculous.  As we headed into the house room, I noticed this girl on the floor.  Then I saw security lighting a flashlight in her face.  Turns out, she fell in someone else's throw up on the ground.  How nasty is that?  The look of utter disgust was enough for me, I felt awful for her.  I hope they gave her a comped room or something for her to get cleaned up.. . Aside from that nasty little incident, we headed straight for the dance floor.  I'm not a huge fan of house music and it was a difficult to move as there were SO many people crammed into one area.  Made me think of Rain and how the dance floor there gets full so fast.. . We decided to go to the hip-hop room in hopes of more space and better music.  DJ Politik was spinning lots of hits and we were dancing the night away.  One guy was a TAD bit too pushy with trying to dance with my bestie, one of the girls in my group almost beat him up, literally.. . All in all, we had a great time til our feet started hurting.  We then called it a night and headed for Pho So 1 for a wonderful late night meal!
I really like Marquee. It's still new, and it's got a number of huge levels. Size does matter, after all.. . My main gripe with the club is that they make you walk up these jenky stairs to go up into the club. Many, many interminable levels, in your high ass heels. It hurts. It's not nice. We already get enough cardio dancing, we don't need a stairmaster workout before the drinks have even started flowing.. . I like the cabanas around the pool. I like the hospitable people with bottle service up there too, with their free-flowing alcohol for the ladies. :) We ended up staying on the electro level, even though my love is for hip hop. But Kaskade was spinning that night, and he was awesome. Can't complain.. . The decor is stunning, as expected from a gigantic new club in Vegas -- especially in Cosmopolitan. And might I add that the hotel itself is breathtakingly gorgeous. If I were loaded, I would stay there.. . If asked to choose between XS and Marquee, I would have a hard time deciding. I am infatuated with Marquee, but my love for XS is a deeper, mature love that has stood the test of time. I would just say, go with both. :)
Pretty damn cool place to go. The day club is amazing and in my opinion much more fun. The nightclub is HUGE but still over crowded, and too air-conditioned. We were outside most of the night to get warm, until later the A/C couldn't keep up with all the body heat. Oh and again OVER CROWDED (can hardly dance).. . The outside area is pretty cool day and night. You can swim or go in the glass hot-tubs which are see-through from the sides. There are two bars and the staff work their butts off. The music is 4/5 at best. The washrooms are nice and big (outside) so you're never waiting in line.. . Inside around the dance floor there are booths for bottle service. Pretty cool, and the bartenders are chill about letting you get in without proof of knowing anyone.. . If this is the hottest club in Vegas I'm a little disappointed, but nonetheless it's a rad place to be.
The hottest night club  in Vegas and who know who you,ll run in to. the only thing I didnt like wasmthatmthe hip hop room aka the library is small and too crowded. The main room and the outside only plays only house type music. Overall its a cool spot and make sure you get bottle service.
Marquee, as far as I can remember, was extremely fun.... except the 500 steps you have to climb up to get to the club in the first place.  However, when you get in, not only are there bars everywhere, the dancefloors and club is just HUGE.  The music was great, and Above & Beyond was playing and everyone was just going nuts.  However, it was so crowded that after we left the dancefloor, the security actually started forbidding anyone else from entering the dancefloor, and we ended up walking around so much, we just went up and outside to the pool area.  . . Marquee was extremely hyped up since it had just opened recently, but I wasn't too impressed by the overall presence of the club.  First of all, it was wayyyyy too crowded, and when we got there, there were still like 500 people in line to get in... poor them, and second, the decorations and ambiance was non particularly of character or all that great, which is a HUGE contrast from the gorgeous hotel & casino Cosmopolitan.
In a Stefon (from SNL) voice:. . "Las Vegas' hottest club is Marquee.  This place has everything.  Lights, confetti, cold air, foam, ballerinas, mermaids, a cool bartender with nerd glasses, and just when you think the fun is over, unce unce who is there?  It's Kaskade!". . But forreal, Marquee Nightclub is pretty tight.  The space alone is unique and stands apart from all other clubs in Vegas right now.  I am not saying that it is the best layout but it is different for sure.  The endless stairs to get from floor to floor in Marquee made me thankful that I wore sandals instead of heels.  The stairs aren't even nice stairs, they are fire escape stairs haha.  There is the top trance main floor where they have the famous DJs spin.  They have a hip hop floor but I only saw that floor when I was trying to get up to the trance floor.  I heard the music was good.  But I needed to be with Kaskade.  There is a library floor on the top, but once again, too focused on the trance dance floor.  You can wander outside where the Dayclub and pool area is if you need to get some air.  It is right outside themain dance floor and there is a big screen projecting what the DJ is doing inside so you can still be part of the trance love.. . I really love that Marquee brings in the hottest DJs from around the world to spin.  It is even cooler that Kaskade is their resident DJ.  Freakin' awesome!  Marquee is raising the bar for Vegas clubs.  I wish I was there this weekend to see ATB and Armin Van Buuren.  The Dayclub brings in pretty cool DJs as well, but it's all about the night.  At night the music comes alive and the lights are beautiful.  The giant screen behind Kaskade was pretty mesmerizing... as were the ballerina dancers accompanying him.  The effects such as the bursts of cold air and the foam falling from the ceiling make the experience even better.. . Getting in can be a tough feat.  My friends and I all bought tickets for Kaskade in advance so that we wouldn't run into any problems the night of.  Female tickets $20 and Male tickets were $60.  But if you contact a promoter (shout out to Jenn Tang!), she can give you passes for the girls to get in free and discount for guys!  We all had tickets except my bf who decided to go to Marquee at the last minute, after the online sales had stopped.  He wasn't able to wait in the stand-by line alone because you need a 1:1 ratio of girls to guys.  So they told him to come up with the ticket holders to see if he could buy a ticket.  Amazingly he was able to.  The bouncers were being extra nice... maybe cus he was with 5 ticket-holding girls at the time.  He used a discount card and paid only $45.. . I would recommend girls to go to the all girls line with a pass on the 3rd floor.  Guys I would say buy tickets in advance.  Even with guest list the line is ridiculous.  Get in early (9-10pm), get your stamp, go back to the hotel, preparty, return by 11pm.  Kaskade didn't start playing until 1am but you want to be on the dance floor maybe by midnight so that they don't close it off.... which they did periodically cus the floor is tiny!. . As for the Dayclub... you can contact a promoter to get you on the list because I would not pay to get in to this pool party.  There is basically no where to sit if you didn't buy a cabana!  My girls wanted to lay out and tan, but with such limited space, it was nearly impossible.  You must have swim attire on.  Two girls got kicked out of line in front of me cus they didn't have bathing suits on under their clothes.  Don't bring a backpack.  My bf had to walk back to our room to put his backpack away.  By the time he got back, we had realized that it wasn't worth it to stay.  Dayclub is not the best.  The private jacuzzis by each cabana are pretty cool though.. . Marquee + Kaskade = happy me.
Ordinarily "mega" clubs are a huge turnoff for me. Especially ones that cater to mainstream dance music....and Marquee is certainly both of those things. But I can't lie - this place is GORGEOUS, has a bangin' soundsystem, really damn good resident DJ's, and is packed with some of the finest local and out of town women I have ever seen in my 37 years of existence. No....SERIOUSLY...packed to the gills with gorgeous females as far as the eye can see!!! And a tip of the hat to the bar staff - they make some obscenely strong drinks. Sure, they're expensive, but you're getting your $$'s worth. My tip tho - find a local with pull for the guestlist, otherwise you'll be in line for friggin' ever. When in Vegas - go get your Marquee on!
So this place is really nice and the people, in my opinion, were really cool. My friends and I didn't get a table so we had to post up in the pool kinda by the stairs but that didn't matter because it gave us a chance to see and talk to everyone that came in and out. Also, the staff was really friendly. They let us put our stuff under someones table while we played in the water with new friends.. . I don't know who the DJ was but the one they had this day (5/28/11) was really good. I've never seen some one get a crowd of people so amped... this place was seriously goingin' off. My only knock is the drinks were not cheap but then again your in Vegas...nothings cheap.
Whenever I'm at Marquee, I always come prepared w/ pre-bought tix for the event I'm planning to attend.  Its always cheaper & less of a hassle if you do.  I am always able to skip the line & cut right through w/ no problem.  I've never had to wait in line thus far to get into the dayclub/nightclub.  The security guards are A-OK in my book & the staff is cool & attentive.  . . I love the drinks I order & they're usually strong enough to get me to a nice buzz.  Long Island, AMF, Mojitos, Sex on the Beach just a few of the drinks that left me dancing to the music of Scotty Boy, Cedric, & Above & Beyond!  . . Next time I go back, I want to get a cabana/lounge area cause standing around w/ no where to place your stuff kind of sucks.  But I will admit that we had a good view of the DJs that day while still being in close proximity to the bar.. . ... till next time!
It ain't no XS (at the Wynn) but damn this place is hoppin' (+ bonus points because they know their bands and DJs).. . Here's a tip - get your tickets the day before (first floor at the Marquee ticket booth - just ask around) anytime after noon and you'll skip the long line later on. Makes the experience THAT much more enjoyable. Trust me.. . When the pool area is open it's like heaven. Personal jacuzzis per cabana? Wa wa what? What a nice touch. . . Only reason I docked you one point is because you don't have enough seating for those NOT willing to shill out the boo koo bucks on bottle service. Damn, Cosmo, girls with high heels can't always be struttin' their stuff..they need to sit!
Upgrading my rating for the Dayclub.. def one of the better pool parties in Vegas.. not as crazy crowded as Wet Republic or Rehab, and fairly good service at the bar.  bring ur $$$$ though cuz a can of light beer is $10!
We came here for a pool party during the day. It was super packed and we had to wait a little bit to get in. The club itself is beautiful. The pool is lined with palm trees and they have awesome glass jacuzzis. They also sell food (not sure how good it is). The bartenders were the only disappointment. They weren't very friendly and steadfastly ignored my requests to close my tab several times. The weather was perfect when we there, which really added to the experience. I'd definitely come back here to another pool party and to check it out at night as well.
Got in for free with line cuts after going through a promoter for my friend's bachelorette party. . . Drinks are typically priced for Vegas.... $15 for a shot of goose.. . The pool area at this club is so gorgeous. Best i've seen in Vegas. . . Music is mostly house, but there is a floor with hip hop.  . . My only gripe is the insane amount of stairs you have to go up and down when you're trying to navigate your way around the club. Also, we got lost trying to find the exit. It's like a maze in there when you're not completely sober.
Visited: May 29th, 2011. . The eight of us wanted to go swimming at some point of our trip. We could have gone to the pool at our resort, but since we could get into a dayclub/beach club, we decided on that. So I hit up Scott the day before our visit and and asked him if he could put us on the list for the Marquee Dayclub. As soon as we went outside to the car so that we could head on over to Marquee, we saw the gloomy skies and were worried that it was not going to be warm enough to swim. Nevertheless, we still went on over. We arrived at the Cosmopolitan about 15 minutes later and walked upstairs to the club. Let me tell you, the Cosmopolitan is one of the nicest looking hotels in Las Vegas. That chandelier in the middle of the hotel is exquisite. We walked upstairs to the club and had to wait in a line. The manager looked for my name on the list, but couldn't find it, so he then asked me who was supposed to put me on the list. I told him that it was Scott Reading, and the manager wrote my name down on the list and told me that he knows Scott from Thunder From Down Under. He then gave me a slip and it gave us ladies free admission. Score! :) Anyway,  the VIP line was longer than the general admission line and it was divided into two because there was a walkway to the horse race betting area, and the line couldn't block it. . . Because of that, some naive people thought that the line ended before that walkway. The girls behind us were getting pissed because there were people cutting. My friend Isabel was getting pissed at this one couple that pulled that grimey move, and then they had the nerve to tell her that she was wrong. So my other friend called the manager and escorted them to the back of the growing line. We had that issue as well with other people, but the manager caught them. We didn't catch these two girls cutting in front of us, and the guys in front of them were trying to vouch for them (even though we could all tell that those two girls weren't with the group of guys). One of those girls was making some kind of comment about the line, and my friend Kerri told them that they cut the line and there were people waiting behind us longer than them. One of the girls told her to not make such a big deal about it, and then laughed. Kerri mocked that laugh because that girl had an ugly laugh. I didn't get involved, but I couldn't help but laugh inside. All I can say is that the management at this club did their job as best as they could with controlling the line. Kudos to them! :) As soon as we got to the front, we were given waterproof wristbands and escorted to the elevator. As soon as we went outside, it started to become a little cold and windy. The sun came in and out, and it was really hard to enjoy the club because of that. . . All I can say about this club is that it really is nice with all the cabanas and the swimming pool, but it was totally not the right day to be out swimming or tanning.  I think one thing this club needs to work on is the seating arrangement. For those who don't purchase the cabanas (some with personal jacuzzi tubs), they only have the options of standing or sitting at the planters. It was pretty awesome to get into this club for free, and we probably would have enjoyed it more had it not been so windy and chilly.
Marquee is really THE club to be at in Vegas right now, so I recommend for everyone to try and experience this club and the Cosmopolitan.  . . Great place, but it takes planning to get inside.  I've been twice to the night club once in April and recently on Memorial day weekend and once to the day club.  Cute girls contact a promoter, follow their instructions and you'll get in no problem, but getting to the right line might be a bit of a trek so give yourselves an extra 15 minutes to figure out where you're going.  . . Whenever I go theres always cool DJs and I always have a good time. I love how this club is both indoor and outdoor.  . . Theres music for everyone at this club because it has so many different spaces.  I don't know how the pricing is because we either had open bar, bottle service or someone else always bought our drinks in this place.. . The day club is fun too, but crowded (can't expect anything less on Memorial day weekend) as far as I know Marquee day club was free on the guest list.  Drinks were difficult to order.  the cabanas look amazing and each had their own jacuzzi - that seemed really cool.  LMAFO were also chilling at the pool that was a fun sighting.
Marquee was impressive (always a plus to be able to talk your way into VIP admission).. .  I hate techno, but still had a great time.  Outside by the pool is pretty, the dance floor is a techno fan's haven, but for hip-hop heads, the Boombox is where you need to be.  It's a little hard to find, but it was great - a basement party playing old school early 90s hip-hop all night (or at least as long as I was there.)  Marquee is at least three clubs in one, and I have the feeling that I missed some more.  I guess that i need to go back.
WHERE: Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino!. . WHEN: Mondays & weekends!. . WHY: One of the newer clubs in town!. . WHY: Mondays are industry nights/local nights! So, it may be a good time for y'all local folks to mingle it up!. . WHAT: I have been here a couple times already, and I despise the lines and the stair system that they had going on!. . My family and friends decided to go one night (a month into its grand opening I believe), we had free passes to get in, got there at 10pm, stood in the glist line, and didn't get in until 2 hours later!! What the heck is that!!!. . We went again 3 months ago, we actually got walked in by my new promoter friend, BUT we had to take the stairs to all levels!! They claimed their elevators weren't working! And, a girl cannot be in heels for 5 hours, or they just get crabby!! (Or maybe I'm just speaking for myself, lol). . . Another thing, I am not that much of a fan for house or trance music, but they sure do play a lot of it in the Main room! In the smaller room, or the "boombox room," they play a mixture of hiphop and pop music. On the top floor is the Library room, where you can just go up there and chill, play pool, and or dance. That was undoubtedly my favorite room!. . At the end of the night, it was down the stairs we went!! & goodbye!
I normally would NEVER review a place like this. I don't like big, loud, douchey nightclubs, and it would be stupid for me to write bad reviews on other ones I've been to (I won't be writing one on Haze at the Aria, which I was also at on this debaucheries LV weekend) when it's the entire scene in general that's not up my ally. It's like giving a bad review to an Italian restaurant when you don't like Italian food in the first place. . . Anyways, if you like nightclubs and wanna go to one in Vegas, I'd make this my choice. It's HUGE, beautiful, and has a completely different vibe in different rooms/floors so there's something for everyone. Honestly, I know there's a lot more to this place that I didn't get to check out, but what I saw I liked. The pool area was gorgeous and there was lots of room to sit & mingle w/friends. I'm not a big fan of electronic music, but this area was huge as well. Later in the night (well...early morning) I checked out the hip-hop area and adjacent patio, which was also a lot of fun. . . I can talk about lines, cover charges, rude bouncers (which I didn't experience here...stand-offish, yes...but not "rude"), but at the end of the day that's the Vegas club scene so you probably already know that if you're bothering to read this review. Plus, everyone has a different experience when dealing w/promoters (if you go that route) so the logistics of Marquee is hard to comment on. I will say the drinks are expensive in general, but on par w/Vegas standards (as far as in night clubs). Of course you can always sneak a flask in (who, me?). . . At the end of the day, Marquee is a nice nightclub and if you're gonna do the club scene in Vegas I would recommend it. If you absolutely detest this whole scene, however, I don't think this place is necessarily gonna make you convert so I'd definitely come prepared to deal w/douchebags. Just have an open mind I guess :)
This review is for the Dayclub.  Came on a Wednesday, so it was a chill day, but still lots of fun.  I was impressed with the bottle prices for during the week (about half the price of Encore Beach Club).  Had a cabana for  a $500 spend minimum.  Our waitress was great and the food and drinks amazing!!
Get there early, be on the list or know a promoter and make sure to have hott girls with you! the line here is long!!. . awesome club.. Must go!
First off, it definitely pays to have a connection or know somebody who can get you in with a table. Otherwise, you're going to be in for a long wait. Before you do get a table, make sure the ratio of your group is spread out (typically they always like more women than men). Luckily I know a promoter who got us a table and bottle right away, and the wait for that is not too bad considering how big your group is.. . Marquee is definitely one of the more unique clubs in Las Vegas, as there are different rooms and areas for different means of clubbing (a main dance area with the DJ stand, the Boombox room for Hip-Hop, and the outside pool for socializing and also dancing to an outdoor DJ/system). What I really love about Marquee is the pool outdoors; at least you don't need to be shouting over your friends to talk in order to actually hold a conversation, and its a nice area to come get a breath of fresh air from dancing inside. You should definitely aim to get a table out there since there's a lot more room to dance around your cabana and get some free space. Be careful not to finish your entire bottle right away, for the instant you do, you'll be ushered out so the next group could take it. . . My only drawbacks is the dance floors are very tiny. I agree that the stairs are a liability waiting to happen for anyone drunk and strutting around on platforms, but that's why I always try to club in cute shoes that aren't heels. ;) Otherwise, I had a blast at Marquee! Definitely a switch up from all the typical Vegas clubs that have one standard theme, at least this one switches up the atmospheres! I have to say hitting up Marquee on the weekdays is a lot better than the weekends from a local perspective, especially on Monday nights!
I would have to say that I had a lot of fun but it definitely helps to have a connection or know someone who works for the club who can get you in with a table.  The night I went was a 3 bottle minimum.  I think we were very lucky they did not enforce that for me and my girls.  We were also very lucky one of the girls in our group knew someone to help us hook up our bachelorette party.  . . There is a long wait if you don't know anyone or set up something with the club before hand.  There was a line for general admission, for Cosmopolitan hotel guests, for VIP's and for Guest List.  . . I really enjoyed our home base (the Library room with table service).  Music was great and of course it helped that the night we were there, Kaskade was spinning.  Hip Hop room was fun too but this club gets packed!  It was a lot of fun and atmosphere was energetic.
Who had the brilliant idea of STAIRS?! . Those stairs are killer. I must start off by saying... LADIES, BE PREPARED. Drunken people with multiple flights of stairs, and girls in heels? Such a horrible, dangerous mix.  . . We knew a promoter so we didn't take the main entrance to get in... we went up to the 3rd floor and got in right away.  You're given stamps on the inside of your wrist and on the top of your hand.  Very structured and very swift at getting people in.  Onto the club.. . The Boombox Level was the hip-hop floor, and the one I parked myself in.  The dance floor is tiny - and it filled up extremely quickly.  The bar right by the dance floor works fast and they're friendly.  Just be prepared to pay outrageous prices for drinks (always).  They have a door that leads you to the outside patio area, where the bathrooms are located.  . . Bad news?  Even if you're waiting for someone in the bathroom, they won't let you sit down. ANYWHERE. The only place you can sit is bottle service.  Or on the toilet.  Speaking of which... the bathroom is tiny. Way too small.  But the line went fast and the girls in there were respectful.  Sometimes a mix of alcohol and a room full of ladies can bring out the worst in someone.  No problems here.  . . The major floor at this club was the house/techno floor, which I'm not exactly a fan of... but we decided to check it out.  They had a dance floor, lots of walking space, and an outdoor area as well.  Plenty of bars on this level, so there weren't ridiculously long lines.  . . The top floor of this club? Don't bother.  It's weird.  There's fireplaces and pool tables?  Why would you go to a club to play pool? I don't know, I thought this level was a bit random.  Anyway.  After checking out each level, I was in love with the music on the first one.  So we faced the stairs, made our way back down, and danced the night away.  Girls are invited to dance on top of the tables (right next to the DJ) for a few minutes, then are helped back down.  One of my friends got to do it.  Lots of pretty people here. . . I will probably be back here, if I make my way to Vegas anytime soon.
We checked out Marquee for the first time ever to see Fatboy Slim on MDW. He was playing at Marquee Dayclub and he heard some great things about it. We bought tickets in advance, which turned out to be the way to go, and got us in very easy. Met upwith Melvin, who is the man at Marquee and he got us set up with a great table near the pool. The unfortunate part about that Sunday was the weather, awful! Things were blowing all around the pool, freezing cold, and people were just not feeling it. Most dayclubs, probably would just let everyone bare through it and not do to much else.. . Not Marquee! They clearly put in alot of work and moved the ENTIRE dayclub, in to, the night club! AWESOME. We got to see part of Aeroplanes set inside and then Norman Cook came up to tear the roof off. It was an awesome scene with everyone in their bikini's and boardshorts dancing inside, totally fun.. . Our waitress was absolutely awesome, very attentive and took care of us very well. A+ service for sure. All of the hosts were equally great and really worked to make sure everyone was happy. Oh and the food was delicious as well, from what I can remember?. . In the end, Fatboy Slim was amazing, and the crowd was loving it. I think Marquee is easily one of the top spots in vegas now, day or night. Check it out!
The hottest new night club in Vegas. Seems to be going strong and building momentum. This place is expensive, like EXPENSIVE. It makes being a guy in vegas extremely tough. Because if you're broke, you should probably turn back even before you get into their outrageous line because GA is $50. . . Bottle service is great, beautiful model-type waitresses pouring your drinks...Great, until you see the bill anyway =P. Which can range from a mortgage payment to a small down payment on a nice exotic car.
Definitely one of the more crowded spots we visited during the weekend, but they have the space to accommodate it!. . There were different levels/rooms playing different types of music as well as an outdoor area.  We mostly stuck with the hip hop room - but it soon became uncomfortably crowded so we ended up chilling in the outside area by the end of the night.. . Overall good music with plenty going on so there was something for everyone.
This club is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS. . Downside: the huge crowds of people trying to get in. Advice: get there early or pay for a table or go with only a group of hot girls so you can get in for free/ join a table (:. . I can't believe how large this club is. There's a beautiful outdoor area with a pool... with MERMAIDS swimming in it.  There are tables with bottle service inside and outside.  It's so nice to have an outdoor area to hang out when it gets too stuffy and warm inside. . . All I really wanted to say about Marquee is that it's the most beautiful club I have ever been to... and it's definitely worth checking out when you're in Vegas.
This club is pretty cool . It opened not too long ago ... like half a year ago . There's house music on the bottom floor and hip hop on the top . There's an outside patio with heaters and a small little pool . The bathrooms are super nice and luxurious . The bathrooms carry perfume , deodorant , hairspray , etc. for your use which is very convenient . There is a jar for you to leave a tip if you want .They also sell perfumes which is cool if you don't want to use the cheap perfumes there .
Despite the 1 1/2 hour wait and the fact that the Jukebox DJ never played the song I requested... I had a blast at Marquee!. . This club is still pretty new so of course the line stretches 100+ feet long but if you can get in for free, or for cheap DEFINITELY go.  My group had a hookup with free admission tickets before midnight (just for girls) and boys paid $50. The time in line flew by - for me at least - and got in by the hair at 1 minute past the hour. My friends that handed in their tickets 3 minutes later were denied free access, had to pay general admission and ended up leaving.. . This venue is very swanky and has lots of space to move around on the main floor, which has high ceilings so I didn't feel as claustrophobic as I did downstairs at the hip-hop room. Top floor is typical Vegas music, mostly house, very danceable and fist pump-able. Downstairs has great hip hop djs that played a great mix of old school and mainstream music. Both outdoor areas had speakers and places to lounge.. . Drinks were pricey but STRONG, I paid $45 for two specialty drinks and a well drink, but it's Vegas so not surprising. The bartender at the lower level was very sweet and attentive.. . Bottom line: is it worth the $50? Since I didn't pay, I'm biased but this place was tons of fun, stayed open until after 4am & the cab line wasn't too long so I'd definitely try to frequent Marquee whenever I'm in Vegas.
Ridiculous line but girls got in for free and line moved rather faster than it seemed on a busy saturday night in June. Just as the story goes in Vegas, guys had to pay a wholesome price of $45 at the door but I had a slight feeling that they didn't mind the price too much once they were in the pool of hot girls dancing around them on a dance floor. The dance floor was rather small but the club was pretty big with 2 bars indoor and 2 bars outdoor. The outdoor area was actually a poolside and even had blackjack tables even though I didn't see anyone playing cards. . . Every once in awhile, and as bizarre as it was, the guard carried out two ladies in mermaid outfits on a oversize cart like the ones you see at the CostCo then picked them up and dropped them into the pool so they could swim around in a pool that was by 11pm filled with cocktail straws, cigarette butts, and some unidentifiable trashes floating here and there. It was entertaining alright but rather in a more shocking sympathetic way. . . Overall, it is a great venue to drop in on your weekend trip to Vegas if you are into clubbing but don't want to get smothered in a crowd of Tao. It was super windy outside when I went which I heard is often like that but It is worth an escape of Tao crowd for me so I think I will stick around going to Marquee for now.
I went to Vegas this weekend for my niece's 21st birthday and it turns out that it was also the EDC event and the Britney Spears concert (eh). So it was pretty crowded and crazy over the weekend. My cousins and I had plan this trip for months and made sure we had to be in the guest list otherwise we would be screwed and had to wait in line for about 2 hours or more. We had about 25+ people in our party and none of us had to pay and we probably waited in line for 20 minutes. Luckily, my cousin Jay got us a good hook up. . . As for the ratio goes, we had to have an equal number of girls and guys to get into the VIP guest list and we all had to be there at 930 in line otherwise if we were missing some people we had to walk back to to the very end  of the line and start all over!. Since we had a pretty big group we decided not to get tables because they we're offering to give us a table and bottles but every person has to pay at least$130...ummmm how about no?! I don't think paying $130 is worth going to ANY club...for what, just to dance for a few hours ? haha  i mean, personally i don't think spending that much money is worth getting in. If you want to drink and get chocolate wasted just pregame it before headed out to the clubs otherwise drinks at this place is $14! . . What is pretty cool about this place, there are 3 floors..The main room is humongous which has an outside patio. Very big, there is a pool and gambling tables on the sides. The only downfall about this floor is they play techno music all night long!! So if you like that kind of music and know how to fist pump then this is where you want to be at! Otherwise, you can check out the second floor where they play hip hop music. (which sort of sounds like techno too...but a remix version?) Now this floor is a lot smaller than the first one. The dance floor was a big disappointment. There was no way you can shake your ass or at least do the two step. It was too crowded, i had to shove some people to get out of my way, but hey! you got to do what you got to do! haha We didn't get the chance to get out the 3rd floor, but one of the security guys told me it was just a lounge, a place to just chill and relax nothing too fancy.. . Overall, it was pretty cool, just wish they play better music. So, plan ahead. Get on a guest-list asap and drink before going there...UNLESS you go to the tables and gamble. Order your drinks from waitresses and all you got to do is tip them.. WORTH IT then paying $14.. That's how i got mess up and didn't spend too much.. oooh yeah!
It was extremely crowded when I went (EDC weekend). Hard to dance when there isn't any space at all.   Did the presale tickets so we didn't have to wait in line too long.
Didn't live up to the hype, but still pretty cool.. . We were abottle service add on and still had to wait over an hour. Bouncers tried to hustle us for $600 to get 5 guys to the front of the line. Some losers paid that much only to move 10 feet to another line. . . Inside can get over crowded and really hot during the summer. The outdoor pool area felt nicer, but the pool itself looked really plain and boring (it's a rectangle).. . The music was off the hook! Electro House all night. But they need to fire the MC, he was friggen' annoying.. . Typical Vegas drinks: expensive and strong.
Came here on New Year's day January 2011. The line wrapped around the hotel and we weren't going to wait in line for three hours.. . 'Money talks' in Vegas and we were able to skip the line and were in the club within ten minutes.. . It's true, there are a lot of stairs, but it made up for my missed cardio session that day. Security inside was personable and not hostile dicks.. . Will be back this Saturday July 2nd and hopefully our experiencewill be as good as the first.
Came here for a friends birthday a few weekends ago and I was impressed by how the place looked.  First of all The Cosmopolitan just has that fancy, contemporary, new money type of look and feel to the place.  A crapload of chandeleirs throughout the place.  The way to Marquee is a crazy maze and makes you feel like you are in M.C. Escher's paintings with all those stairs that go nowhere.  Luckily I was with competent people that have been there before that lead us in the right direction.  . . Once we got to Marquee the view of the buildings on The Strip were pretty amazing.  You've got the pool that comes right up to the lounge chairs to the right and then all the bright lights, signs and buildings surrounding you.  There are a few dance floors inside and there is another area outside that has almost jacuzzi like pools with tables.  So if you're feeling stuffy and just want to get out off the dance floor you've got options here.  bars are abundant in this place so you don't have to trek far to get your next drink.  There's even some blackjack tables that are available for those that didn't get there fix downstairs for $25/$50 a hand.. . Overall:. -Pros:  Great view and casino, plenty of bars for drinks. -Cons:  Stairs, Stairs and more Stairs
This club is so nice! We went in with bottle service and originally planned to spend around $1500 but the bouncer told us they were didn't have any more tables outside so the inside table was going to be $3500. The price changed sucked but we agreed since it's Vegas and might as well go all out.  The table space inside is small and I like the outside ones better because there's more room. Security here is way nicer than at other clubs. Overall, the environment was nice and great music.. I had a great time!
OMG I love this place!. . Came here this weekend for the Avicii pool party on Sunday. Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! It was an awesome day party. Very intimate space to dance to your favorite dj!. . The line didn't seem very long but the guy working tried to discourage people by saying it would take an hour getting in. What a dick. He must have been sick of dealing with people for the day. Anyway, we got in less than 15 minutes. It was relatively cheap entrance for a pool party during a busy weekend. . . Girls, be careful in heels. Floor is extremely slippery even when not wet. I wear heels all the time but almost slipped because the finishing on the floor. I swear I wasn't drunk (not yet, anyway). . . The pool itself is pretty small and murky. There were pieces of mint everywhere. I'm guessing from mojitos spilled in the pool. There were plastic cups on the bottom of the pool floor too. Anyway, the music was great. The crowd was rowdy and fun. Everyone in the pool was splashing water when the music was going crazy. There were these little platforms in the pool that you could dance on. Made it look like you were dancing on the water. So awesome!. . Drinks are normal Vegas prices which means expensive. So bring your plastic or lots of cash. . They have pitcher drinks available for 50. Not bad eh?. . Cedric Gervais came out after Avicii. Again, awesome!. Marquee Dayclub is just as awesome as the night club except you don't have to go up and down a bunch of stairs!
I love love loved my time here last weekend at Marquee. I can say that it definitely made up for the first time that I came here.. The first time wasn't so successful.. but this time I had a lot of fun!. . The lines are ALWAYS super long so be prepared.. remember... money buys you things... lol. . Got in around 1130-12, this was extremely late for us, we usually never go to clubs this late in Vegas but we were lagging as usual.. . Drinks are very expensive, bottle service is even worse.. but it is definitely a great time here.. . Good music, good company and GOOD TIMES.
Absolutely gorgeous club! . . My friends and I came on a Monday night, with complimentary admission and open bar for ladies from 10-11 pm. That's right, my night was completely free!. . Since we had to show up fairly early, the club was fairly empty when we got there except for an army of girls, but it filled up very quickly. As it was early, my friends and I got to sit at one of the outside booths which are normally reserved for bottle service. When it was time to leave, a staff member kindly asked us to give up our seats. I appreciated the fact that he didn't kick us out of the booth rudely as I'm sure they would do in Vancouver.. . Drinks were crazy strong: we only needed one or two to give us a nice healthy buzz that lasted the whole night. And Patron in my Long Island Iced Tea?? For FREE?? Why, yes please!!. . The main room and outside patio/pool area played house/electro/dance all night, which my friends and I aren't too crazy about, but the beats were good enough to dance to. Upstairs was old school/modern hip hop but no room for dancing, just bottle service. We unfortunately missed the 3rd room, but that gives us a reason to come back one day.. . The restroom was awesome. A powder room with a few seats, mirrors, and a small beauty shop complete with perfume, hairspray and accessories, flip flops for sale, smokes, you name it, they got it. Then the main bathroom area itself, with lots of lighted mirrors, couches, and plenty of CLEAN stalls. Great washroom attendants too.. . It would've been a five star night had they played better music. I wish all clubs were as awesome as Marquee.
Bad-ass motha lovin club! Best in Vegas. Maybe cuz I love the music (trance/house) so much and it's played in the multitude of rooms. I'm a dude and I got in free! How? We grabbed a bunch of girls that were in general admission line and pretended they were with us. The more ladies the merrier! . . Drinks are super expensive. $28 for 2 Jameson and Ginger Ale's? Aye Chihuahua! Get your pre drank on before coming up to Marquee. Dress NICE damnit! They let in some dude wearing a flannel. Really? Kinda hard to figure out who works here sometimes so much in fact that I myself who dressed all fly that night was posted up by the elevators and people came up to me thinking I worked here. And did I pretend to be a Marquee employee for the night? Yes...yes I did. Directing the drunk traffic and all the annoying stuff security does.. . Bottom line, a bunch of good looking people in a good looking club having a good time. But seriously, you want to get in? Do this:. . 1. Bring a higher girl to guyratio. I'm not talking 1:1. I'm talking about 3:1 or at least 2:1. . 2. Find a hook-up for guest list.. 3. DRESS NICE DAMNIT.. 4. Get there early.. . Enjoy ya'll!
Located at the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, I went to both the Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub -- and they were both awesome.. . Dayclub:. I love pool parties and I've been to the different ones like Encore Beach Club, Tao Beach, Rehab, and Wet Republic, but Marquee Dayclub definitely tops them all.  I love, love, LOVE house/trance music and that's all they played.  Drinks were delicious, especially the frozen drinks. (I highly recommend the "painkiller")  The cocktail servers were attentive.  The pool was smaller than some of the other pool parties, but they had beach balls and everybody was playing water volleyball with each other.. . Nightclub:. It's definitely A LOT bigger than it looks.  The interior design is classy and posh.  Drinks were pricey, but it IS Vegas... the music was good on every different floor.  They even had a "library" where there were chairs and pool tables.  I prefer XS over Marquee for nightclubs, but Marquee is definitely up to par.. . I would definitely recommend stopping by Marquee if anybody plans to go to any pool parties or nightclubs in Vegas!
Nightclub review:  Love the music, love the multiple rooms, and love the people that go there to have a good time.  Staff is friendly and helpful and there to make sure you have a good time.  . . The place is visual overload and Grand Central Station for over-stimulation (feel free to use that in your marketing collateral).  . . Nice work, Marquee, you'll have us back very soon.
With so many over-the-top luxurious nightclubs in Vegas, party-goers are a tough crowd to please whenever a new hotel/club opens.  Lucky for the Cosmopolitan, they launched truly engaging advertising campaigns to lure visitors to experience "Just the right amount of wrong.". . Glitz and glam in seductive city nightlife is how I would translate the Cosmopolitan and their most talked about attraction: Marquee.  . . For my best friend's birthday, we came here to see Kaskade.  As expected, it was packed with die-hard house/Kaskade fans.. . For whatever evil reason, Marquee likes to make their guests walk up what seemed like 10 flights of stairs just to get inside.  The wait wasn't bad for the girls, but we were heaving from climbing up with our high heels. . . Like most Vegas clubs, there's a central location where the pool and main bars are located.  It was gorgeous.  We hung out here most of the night so that we can actually get a few breaths of fresh air.  My biggest annoyance was with this one incompetent bartender.  She was drunk, slow, dumb as a rock, and constantly asking her colleagues how to mix certain drinks.  Seriously?  It's Vegas on a busy Saturday night and you don't know how to make a simple drink?  It took 30 minutes to get a couple of shots.. . Anyway - with a big group, it was inevitable that we would all get separated (especially with so many layers/floors at Marquee).  The stuffy downstairs area had the hip/hop room, and the main upstairs room was where the DJ was.. . Let me tell you why Marquee is a money-hungry genius.  They set up this "layered venue" so that the girls would have to constantly run up and down stairs, get their feet swollen from their uncomfortable heels, and be forced to buy fugly, cheap $10 Old Navy flip flops in the bathroom.  The ones I bought were bright pink with polka dots.. . As you can see - there were A LOT of negatives.  It's Vegas though.  In comparison to the other well-liked clubs like XS and Tao (which I'm not a fan of), it's actually not too bad.
Personally I still think XS or Surrender have the nicest looking setups, but as far as overall experience, I give Marquee a solid 4.5 stars. The club has multiple levels, but a huge plus is the room that plays hip hop. I'm a fan of techno/house and whatnot, but this feature is very nice to have to convince my buddies to go here. . . Given that I went with a group of people (mostly guys) on my birthday, we were better off buying bottle service, which to me ended up being worth it so we didn't have to wait super long to get in. Especially if it were all guys, there was no way we were gonna bet let in for awhile. This place is as packed as any other crackin' nightclub, but it kinda reminds me of Tao in the sense that it took forever to get around. I wanted to spend more time in the house room, especially since ATB was spinning that night and the crowd was super into it. The hip hop room is actually kinda small, and I expected the pool area to be a bit wider/more elaborate. Still nice though. . . The bottle service waitresses were very friendly and attentive. One of the ladies wished me a happy birthday, blew air into my ear, and poured a shot of crown royale into my mouth. yep, friendly and attentive indeed. . . Overall, its worth a try to come here at least once. There's different roomsthat provide music that mostly anyone can tolerate or enjoy, and yeah its pretty classy itself. Have fun peeps.
My new favorite Vegas club! While Marquee has a few cons, it's definitely earned its reputation as one of the best clubs on the Strip. . . As many people have noted, Marquee is freaking huge! Some comments about the layout:. . Pros: There's a little something for everyone with a bottom level playing primarily hip hop, another with mostly house music, and the Library on the 3rd floor that's more of a lounge. I can't really comment on how enjoyable the first level or the Library are since we never really moved away from the bar by the house music. (What can I say? My girl friends know how to have a good time... ) . . Con: Stairs are a terrible terrible idea. Intoxicated girls in heaven-high heels trying to navigate their way up and down several flights of stairs? It's a huge lawsuit waiting to happen. . . ** Tip: If the stairs are a bit much for you and you're starting to regret wearing those hooker heels you just couldn't leave at home, just invest in a pair of flats that they sell in the bathroom. (Hey, it's Vegas -- they think of just about everything!). . Also, because of the popularity of this club, it gets absolutely packed by 11. The promoter claimed that there were 7,000 people in Marquee the night we went and I completely believe it. The dance floor was crowded to the point where it was difficult to even get onto the floor, much get your groove on. . . Drinks here were typically priced for Vegas but were decently strong and rather tasty. Also, the crowd here was great -- young, hip, fun, and generally easy on the eyes. More importantly, we didn't meet any really creepy guys and everyone was just out for a little fun. . . One last note, Marquee is supposed to be one of theharder clubs to get into. For girls at least, the easiest way is to wander around and get in with a promoter. He (or she) will walk you in right when Marquee opens at 8, you get your hand stamped, and then you can leave to eat/pre-party/club elsewhere before coming back and entering through the re-entry line (which is infinitely shorter than the main entrance).
Peep Game... Me and my boys were there on Monday and I must say it was DUMB crackin there... I felt like I was in L.A, Miami, Vegas all at once. . . It was our last night in Vegas and I saved this club for last since I heard this was the new kid on the block. And that night for some reason for the first time in my life my "PAC SWAG" was the highest its ever been. I felt "invincible" for some reason, like I could do no wrong and no female could resist me and my boys since we SUITED UP!!!!  Anyways back to the review. . Beautiful Females all over the place and all of them were down to at least make out with you. I kinda lost count with how many women I made out with. The only issues I had with them was that one of the door men was an ASS Hole to us and giving us Shit for some reason and refused to let us in and we were SUITED UP but the other guy let us in with no prob. We took an elevator upstairs where the club was and we were greeted by a dude that was screaming "Welcome to Marquee Monday Aeee" so that was  pretty cool.... . The Layout was cool a indoor spot and outdoor spot plenty of room VIP spots and the dance floor inside got crowded pretty quick, and outside was big as well with nice cabanas/booths and pools around also. Inside they played hip-hop and outside they played tech/ house garbage. . Now The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the Music... Listen DJ's I know were in Vegas and u gotta cater to the Vegas/ LA/ Euro crowd, but damn Bruh there are some Cats form the BAY AREA out here too. Cater to us more... U cant play a small sample of Too $hort "Blow the Whistle"  and when we BAY Folks get rowdy on the dance floor u change it to some lame Techno shit. Thats Sissy Shit.. Thats just what the Fuck we do in the BAY. And u didn't play Drake "Im one One" prob the "song of the summer" in my opinion thus far..  But u did play 6,7,8 foot, Cat Daddy and the Dougie but still keep it diverse for all please. But we all got play that night so it kinda didn't matter bc we prepared for this type of STUPID music 2 weeks in advanced to going to Vegas, Thanks Wild 94.9 . . Now if u a dude and u tryin to go a few recommendations:. 1. Derss to impress button up and or slacks/dress shoes I saw niggas get rejected bc the didn't come properly attired . . 2. Get there earley between 10:00- 11:30 bc it could be a long line. . 3. If I dance with ur chick better than u do than and she like it u might have a problem. But u prob wont bc I just wanna be entertained . . 4. Most important  VIP bottle service = Bitches and more fun (unless u party with me and u gonna get chicks regardless lol). . . . Now If ur a women few recommendations:. 1. Don't come already drunk bc u wont get in the door. . 2. I wouldn't leave yo man unattended bc u might lose him to another chick I seen it happen there. . 3. Don't be too stuck up now just bc ur a pretty lady. Just have fun and dance with the average Joe DAMMIT...  It's F@#%'n Vegas. . 4. Quit being Thirsty!!! lol. . Next time I go to Marquee im getting Bottle service 4 sure. . But u will have a hell of a time regardless tho Bottle service or not... . Swagg.....
This place is packed!!! we were on the guest list and it still took 2 hours!!! My preparty buzz disappeared by the time we got in, so we had to take a double shot to get the night going.... . the one cool thing about waiting in line is that, once in a great while u meet cool pplz and the chit-chat makes the time go by faster...got to continue the fun inside and turned out to be a spectular evening... . . vegas clubbing is 1000X better than LA clubbing, everyone is just much more happier, down to have a good time!!!! one of my favorite clubs!!
One of the nicer clubs in Vegas, I highly enjoyed my night. Even though it was a Monday evening, the place was packed with people, both inside where the stage area was and outside by the pool area.. . I wasn't into the music, mainly because I was told it was going to be hip hop (and the fact that that was my 3rd straight night partying to house music, I wanted something else). My situation aside, the music was actually not that bad.. . My only concern was the fact that I had to climb what it seemed like 400 flights of stairs - past the escalators, we had to go up a few more flights, which lead outside (because we had G-List), then once we were lined up outside, we had to climb more flights before we actually got in. This stairs situation ain't good if there's drunk people trying to get home, which I'm sure they have on a regular basis.. . Absolutely great crowd. Also love the view out by the pool/cabana area. The lay out was great too, and I like it better than XS' lay out. . . Will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas again.
Apparently the hottest club in Las Vegas right now, situated in the hottest hotel in Las Vegas right now, The Cosmopolitan.  . . Hip Hop room was intimate (as Hip Hop rooms usually are- and the techno rooms are usually massive, for the greater population), don't really remember the other floors.  Beautiful views outside. . . Really wanted to visit Marquee's pool party during the day, but came too late! Is on my list for my next Vegas trip.
Marquee is probably one of the best clubs I've ever been to. The overall design, the location, and vibe were all great. The music was A-mazing! And the crowd was so much fun! . . We got there pretty early so we got to scope out the club, and it was just incredible. Once it started getting packed, we simply got caught up in everything. We were there for the majority of the night but it certainly went by fast! . . There are only two critiques I hope they change:. . 1) There was nowhere to sit down. Luckily, we swooped in on a big loungy couch outside but other than that, if your feet really hurt, you should just leave.. . 2) There is no elevator to exit the club. Come on. Not only was walking down 3 flights of stairs in heels painful, but it was super ghetto. I know Marquee makes enough money to spend on another elevator. Get working on it!
If you do reentry, you might be able to enter through the pool lvl. :] I wasn't able to stay long this time around, but this club is still very crowded. We had to dance around the main floor cuz it was so packed. I wouldn't want to dance in a can of sardines any way. Personally I like the outside pool area to dance/chill/mingle. Start your own dance floor!! . . A good tip is to find out where all the bathrooms are located (as there is one outside and you don't have to push through the crowds to use the inside one)!! Unfortunately my friends didn't know this. At least now I know the bouncers are pretty cool. They keep a watch on everyone. They also supposedly try alerting your group in case you get escorted out, but...I dunno if this really happened... . Another good tip if you're staying at Cosmo is to have your guests' names put on the room list in case they aren't holding a key and the key holders are still in Marquee. That's all I got for now. Hope you found the tips useful!
Marquee is quite the crackin' nightclub. . Alcohol clouds much of my memory, but i remember an elevator ride up which opened to a visually stunning club. Gigantic trance room and a dance floor there for which to get down with the breezies. Lights everywhere and people getting down. The pool outside was beautiful, though not as beautiful as surrender. I think people who wanted to talk and chill came out here. I remember the hip-hop dancefloor wherewe spent most of our time. The DJ was pretty sick and played a lot of hits that got us going.. . The only thing I had trouble with was leaving. It was 4:30 in the morning and my friend was absolutely wasted so I had to navigate towards the exit on my own. I walked around the club like twice trying to find the exit going up and down stairs but couldn't seem to find it. This shiz is like a maze. A maze ing that is, because I had a blast and I eventually found my way out.. . My favorite club in vegas as of right now!
This placee....hands down best nightclub in Vegas as of now. went there on my second night after a ok night at Tao. This place is crackin for sure...strict dress code and strict on ratio which is great. the night over roger sanchez was spinning live, drinks came out quick and the atmosphere was just perfect. will be returning for sure.. . TIP:. get in line early or your going to waste your night IN line.
Great vibe, and music, and smaller, cozier than XS. . . Since Marquee is being touted as the newest "hot spot", my gfs and I decided to check it out.  We were able to get on a guest list (provided we got there at 8:30) so we could get free admission.. . Getting in was relatively quick and easy. Since we were inside before the rest of the crowd, we wandered around to check out the decor.. . First thing (to all the girls out there).. there are a lot of STAIRS. Stairs up. Stairs down. And there are 3 levels. If you're scared of the stairs like I am, then this can cause a bit of a problem.  Also, the very top level is just a small lounge with a pool table. No point in making the hike up unless you really really want to check out every corner of this place.. . The dance floor inside is pretty small (for the main floor). Although they told us it was for house music, the dj ended up spinning mostly club hits and other top 40 songs, so my gfs and I had a blast.  Plus, its easy to pop outside for some fresh air (and more dancing).. . I was definitely impressed by the music and fun times on my visit there, and I'm looking forward to going again next time I'm in Vegas!
Day club- was amazingly awesome, nothing but beautiful people with nice body's and great atmosphere. . . Night club- hip hop room always too packed. Main room: all trans music, much more room than hip hop room, light show/ visual effects were dope. Overall marquee is the most happening club, especially on a Saturday.
Fun and pretty club with a good mix in the crowd.  I THINK this might be smaller than XS but for some reason, it's so easy to get lost in the crowd.  Regardless, it's still a favorite!. . 1 star off for the stupid stairs we had to take to exit the club.  Drunk girls + high heels + metal stairs = trouble...and I have a bruise to prove it :(
Humongous 3 or 4 level club, I chose to stay in the outdoor area the most of the night since it was so hot.  I went in the spring when it wasn't too hot yet, summer it might be killer hot.. . Lots of stairs, and I know my female friends complained a lot about that, but this is the latest and newest club in vegas, which seemed like a must hit hot spot.. . drinks are the usual 12-15 dollars each, nothing new here for vegas.  The music was decent and buying the pre-sale tickets and entering on the 3rd floor was a breeze, no wait!. . I'm looking forward to coming here again.
I love this place! Good deals, plus for having a large line and being packed they gave ladies an open bar for a couple of hours, and not the cheap nasty stuff. Good deal! Very roomy and once again, I am a fan of the indoor outdoor setup. I would come back here again!
Last minute birthday weekend for 4 of my friends and they talk about Marquee.  I've heard many things, good things, from Marquee.  I must admit was a bit excited to finally see what the hype was about.. . The venue of the place, in my opinion, was awesome.  You have this roof, pool party feel going on.  There is the dance floor in the pool area that looked like it played mostly house music for the night. To switch it up, there is a lower level that mostly played hip hop. Overall it was a pretty good experience. the only 1 BIG complain I heard all day the day after, and I agree with this, is the stairs that one has to walk to exit Marquee.  I mean seriously, for girls, its an accident waiting to happen.. . drunk girl + long metal stairs = @#$!#$$!~#!$@#%!!!!! lol. . It was pretty good, though I feel it did not live to the hype that I heard and my expectations.  I wouldn't mind coming back, but defiantly won't be the first in my list of choices.
Loved the size and excess of this club (multiple rooms, beautiful pool area with cabanas), however, my experience was mainly tainted by how packed they allowed it to get. Most good Vegas clubs are crowded beyond belief, but this was a new level of "if there is an emergency, we're all dying in here" packed. We ended up going outside and dealing with the freezing wind to avoid the crowds indoors. Still love the concept, and I'll try it again when it's warmer and hopefully some crowd dispersion outside will ease the crush inside. I agree with other reviews regarding the staff being somewhat rude and pretentious. They are definitely riding on the fact that Marquee is the new 'it' club in Vegas. Also, we did have to walk up several flights of stairs to get into the club, which is quite a challenge in hooka heels and small, tight dresses. All in all, however, it's pretty impossible to taint anything Vegas for me, so I still had a good time and will return.
Came here for Kaskade.  . . I can't say I remember the night enough to give a detailed description, but I will try my darnedest.. . There were multiple levels, my favorite being the library room which had uhh..books and bookshelves and pool tables.  . . The outside area had some water and stuff and that's all I remember.. . Kaskade was good but I didn't get to hear much of the set because my friend got kicked out for excessive drunkenness so I had to leave and go find said friend to make sure no arrests or abductions would occur, thereby ruining the weekend for the group.. . The End.
Nice. A tad overrated, but elegant. . . Good music, somewhat decent crowd - although my hunch is that this place will soon be passe. . . The price is absolutely ridiculous but alas it is vegas....so what can you do?. . Love the outdoor section and the card tables, I can see why this place is so successful. . . The only horrible part - The 7 flights of stairs you have to go through to GET OUT. I mean honestly, why not just build a jungle gym in the middle of the exit while you're at it. Someone fire this architect.
Marquee is an awesome club! Not that I remember most of the night but I know that I did have a lot of fun. We got there super early so, no one was really there but man, those stairs were a nightmare. How smart is it to have girls sweat off all of their make up before even getting into the club. The crowd here are a lot nicer than say, Surrender. ATB was playing the night we went and from what I was told, it was an awesome night. The club was a tad bit toooo crowded but I had a great time =] I would definitely come here again.. . . P.S. Bartender who was in the hip hop room, HOT! lol
Yep, ended up at Marquee both Fri & Sat nights this Vegas trip. Super awesome club? Well, mostly because we were staying at Planet Hollywood & Cosmo was right across the street from us. Didn't feel like cabbing to XS (slightly regretting it...), plus promoter hookups for both nights = free (for the ladies obviously...the lone guy in our party had to pay $25) & speedy entrance. . . Marquee is gorgeous, I would say a larger version of TAO (from the same creators). Different levels, music & decor and very maze-like. Indoor & outdoor. Luckily, we went with someone who has been there before, so she showed us all the different rooms without us mindlessly wandering around. . . "Boombox" area (I think the 5th floor?) = the best music (mostly hip/hop) if you like the top 40's. The main dance floor (6th floor?) is mostly house. Good variety for those with groups who like both types of music. . . Guy to girl ratio was pretty ridiculous for both nights. Lots of girls! I have to say, crowd is (from what I remember) waaaaaaay better looking at XS...or maybe because I spent all my time at the hiphop floor. . . 3 stars, bumped up to 4 because free & easy guestlist, & proximity bonus. Go get some pizza afterward on the 3rd floor of Cosmo!
There's gotta be a reason why in 2 weeks, I've come here 4 times already - 3 for day club, and 1 for night.  Maybe if I came here for another night and made it 5 times, I'd give this a 5 star.  jk.. . The day club is pretty amazing especially with bottle service.  For a larger group of doods, its definitely more chill in a spot so that you can just sit back and kick it or party in the pool when you feel like it.  The hostesses are all amazing and very accommodating.  Partywise, the tracks are good and the crowd is definitely in the mood.  ALSO, they have food!  Pizzas are good, fries are good, JUMBO SHRIMPs are AMAZING, even at $19 for 4 pieces, its definitely worth it.  The pitchers of mohitos are definitely refreshing and does the job to get that buzz going, but if you need it, just get a bucket of beers.  . . At night, its hard to say what goes on in the hip hop room, although having stumbled in there a few times it was pretty cool.  If you're drunk and walking around though.....you might get lost. . . But generally, Marquee is no doubt the happening club right now.
Ok, do me a favor.. Click on the actual page so u can see all the reviews for Marquee. Hit Control F.... type in "stairs". and search.. . So i'm adding more to the list.....what the HELLLLLLL is up with the 409 flights of stairs?!?!? It's beyond ridiculous....I'm not even exaggerating. And they're like emergency exit type of stairs...which are NOT fun when ur wearing 5 inch heels.. . Other than that, this place is amazing...just look at all the pics others have posted.. I'm totally not into the club scene, but was told I need to check it out. It's a great place to go with a big group, especially if ur gonna reserve a table. The Cosmopolitan was just overall very impressive.. . If it wasn't for the dumb stairs, i'd definitely be giving it 5 stars
the cabana we had for our bottle service was amazing. perfect spot. i was drunk but even after roaming around the rooftop, i still found my way back to our cabana. the people who worked there were really chill. bottle service was great, always kept checking up on us. and it helped that our server was beautiful, she was 1/4 korean 1/4 something 1/4 another and 1/4 amazing, i was already gone when i asked her..
I liked this place. It helped that ladies got free drinks.. . There was an outside area in addition to the main dance floor and an upstairs library. We stayed long enough to take a couple of pictures outside because my contacts were being blown dry. . . The dance floor was almost as big as the one at Bank but the VIP tables were separated by a path and that seemed to make a difference. The only complaint was the freaking bright lights that they would flash once in awhile. Why do they do that to our retinas? . . It was easy enough to get in but getting out was a different story. There weren't any elevators going down. Instead, you had to walk down multiple flights and once outside, a bouncer would greet you with "Watch your step". So you think it's the immediate step and then you look up at the beautiful view of the strip and the pool area and there, a tiny but deadly step that the guy was talking about. I caught it in time but the paramedics were already on the side helping a fallen victim. . . Once you clear that step, you have to walk around the pool area to escalators that take you to the mall level, the floor above when you enter the club. It was great PR on their part to get the guests to do a walking tour of the hotel amenities.. . Did we go anywhere else with our broken feet? I don't even remember. Oh wait, we went to Jet.. . Getting in:. We were on the guestlist via www.freevegasclubpasses.com. With that, it took maybe a couple of minutes while the guys found our names on the clipboard and got themselves organized. Free.
Hmm... What do I have to say about this club... . . So my cousin's and I decided to get bottle service at Marquee. That was cool. We were able to bypass the long ass line and enter the club pretty quickly. When we got inside the club and seated at our table we were right behind the dance floor! I knew it would get messy over there. And it didn't help that our table was on the house floor. I wasn't really digging the house music. But whatever, I enjoyed my time there. lol. . . The room I really enjoyed was the library on the top floor. The DJ was playing old school hip hop. If I had a choice I would've liked our table to be in this room.. . Bottle service was dope! Having a place to chill and drink without having to go to the bar. But we had to lock down fort on this. People will be sitting at our couch with out asking. People picking at our ice with their bare hands. WTF,  get your dirty ass hands out of the ice bucket.. . Hostess: Our hostess was dope. She really took care of us. (i forgot her name.. my bad). Mixed up drinks for us. Brought us back bottles when they got empty. And just checked up on us every so often.. . Security: OHHH.. DAMNNN... you know how i said it would get messy? well here is the messy part of where our table was. So I'm just chillen, sitting on the couch, trying to enjoy the music and drinking. And the next thing I know my jeans are wet. I'm thinking to myself "WTF." and I look at our table and some fat chick was sitting on our table and she knocked over all our bottles and ice bucket. With out saying sorry or anything, she got up with her dude and tried to hide in the dance floor. Security came to us, quick, and asked us what happen. Then they brought my cousin to the dance floor to see if we can see her. Her fat ass couldn't get far so security handled them and they got kicked out of the club. Thanks security.. Ya'll rock!. . HAHA good times marquee!! I'll see you again when I'm in Vegas
I've come here for industry night for the last two weeks. I love this place! The layout is awesome and the decor is very artsy. I really like being outside, checking out the view to the strip, and seeing all the lighted jacuzzi tubs. It makes me want to check out the day club! The first night we went, they weren't playing any hip hop music because that room was closed for the night. That was a little disappointing, but we still had fun outside and in the main room. The second time we went it was up and running, so we spent most of our time there. We also made a trip to the library, which was pretty nice. There's a pool table, bar, and a lot of places to sit. There are also about 5 hostesses that are dressed like extremely sexy librarians. Both times I've come here, I never had to wait in line more than ten minutes because we were on a guest list. I saw how long the line got outside though, so I was very glad I didn't have to wait in that. I even got an open bar wristband each time as well. The wristband was good for vodka drinks from 10-11pm, so I made many trips to the bar between that time and I never really had to wait behind people there either. . . The industry nights, minimal waiting with guest list, open bar, themed rooms, and good music make this place a 4 star club for me.
I heard from many people that its the hottest nightclub in Las Vegas right now. So I absolutely had to check it out. The place is pretty decent. There are about three or four different floors from what I remembered. There's a "library" room, which is more intimate, the main dance room that leads to an open outdoor/ pool area, a balcony room, and a house room. The outdoor/ pool area was absolutely beautiful! . . The layout of the club is nice, minus the stairs and the non-working elevators that night. . . We waited in the second line in the back to get in because we had a promotor hook us up. Apparently there was a bazillion people in the first line and the wait was 232431 hours. The wait wasn't that bad. It literally took like no later than 5 minutes for us to get in.. . I'll definitely come back again to check out their day pool.
Despite the drama that can come with being in a group of 10 girls who mostly just want to get their drinks for free, I had a blast at the nightclub here. The DJs who stepped up to the booth were phenomenal, and the crowd was pulsing to the music.. . Like most of the big clubs in Vegas, this is not your walk-up kind of club unless you feel like waiting. Get on a guestlist or your experience will easily be two stars because of the wait. We got in pretty quickly, and it was incredibly crowded. Stay away from the walkways unless you know exactly where you are going and don't mind getting hustled along by security. The Library Room upstairs provides somewhat of a refuge from the madness, but...it's upstairs. Call me an amateur, but I can't do that more than a couple times in ridiculous heels.. . One thing I did appreciate, oddly enough - that the music was loud enough to feel enveloped in, but wasn't so loud that you could feel your eardrums vibrate with every beat. My hearing was relatively intact the next day, despite the rest of my body punishing me for dancing so much. It's a delicate audio balance, and I was totally impressed that Marquee found a way to achieve it.
The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I wasn't able to go into all the different rooms. I think they closed at 1 am? Not sure, but they were closed and that was a bit too early!! :(. . I went on a Tuesday, industry night. Was guest listed by a new friend so I didn't have to pay the monstrous cover from what I heard!. . Let me just say my elevator guy (the guy who takes a group of people up to the club deck) was such a goof ball, so fun! We danced in the elevator and he gave us such an enthusiastic welcome into the club..... . WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. there are no words. The music, the shot girls, the pool, the tables outside by the glass walls overlooking the strip that have TUBS right next to them. Omg. Definitely staying in The Cosmo next time I'm in Vegas. I heard it's $50 all day in the day club. . . everything was BLING. I LOVED IT.
Ladies Free and Guys $45 on guestlist?? Something like that..I can't recall all the details really. This club experience is pretty awesome. Beautifully decorated. You take an elevator uuuup and it's PARTY TIME!. . I like the room that plays hip hop, but it gets crowded quick. Main floor is ok if you like house/trance/techno (I don't know the difference). Pretty spacious dancing area indoors. However, my friends and I ended up hanging out outside. We made our own dance floor!. . Pool has mermaids swimming in them. It was like they were inviting me in to cool off from the Las Vegas dry windy heat! (It was in the high 80s that night). Only bummer is that we can't go into the pool. Not even to dip our hurting, blistering, high heel wearing feet!! WTH!?!? . . You can play some games since they have tables outside. I don't gamble, so I can't share on any specifics. . . Drinks are expensive so PRE PARTY! The ONLY gripe I have about this club is the fact that you have to WALK down ugly stairs (think fire escape route) to get outta there! BAD planning on their part. Took my money and left me to cry walking down the stairs. :( No bueno Marquee! It's like a horrible one night stand....They lure you with their sexy look, get you drunk, dance you up, then toss you out the back door! . . Nevertheless, I would definitely come back!
beautiful, huge club, for sure, but i only loved the music in the hip hop room, which had no ambiance whatsoever.  the rest of the club was a lot more impressive, but i didn't really dig the music.  i thought the outdoor area was great - just wished there was a little seating to rest my feet for a bit!
I haven't been to many nightclubs on the strip, but I thought this one was pretty sweet! We were on the guestlist and the guys only had to pay $25 on a Friday night, which we thought was a pretty good deal. You take the elevator up (or down? I honestly to this day still don't know) and in you go! My favorite part is the outside area, because the fresh air really helps when I feel like I'm suffocating inside. I also saw some blackjack tables which looked fun if they weren't packed. . . My favorite room was the library, so do some exploring! . . Only negative that keeps it from a five star: STAIRS. GAH! :(
There was a mermaid* swimming in the pool. That is all.. . *with a fish tail and e'rythang
pros:. multiple floors. multiple check in locations. decent music. decent crowd. cool decorations. roof top pool/ lounge is amazing. library room is cool pretty interesting. . cons:. pretty confusing to get from floor to floor. . i think my favorite part is the rooftop/ pool lounge. you can step out of the club to get some air without exiting and it has one of the best views of the strip. pretty good way to end the night!
4.5 stars. Definitely one of the top three vegas clubs, if not the top. . . Inside the BEAUTIFUL COSMOPOLITAN!!! . . Make sure you get on the guestlist & come early for reduced admission for dudes/free females. . . I love their outdoor rooftop.. Gorgeous pools and expansive space.. Really nice cushions to sit/lay back and relax. Really nice little waterfall. Fun little hanging egg seats. A photo-booth that lets you send the pics to your email for free! love that! (this is what you do to entertain yourself because you got here so early to avoid cover haha). . . This is a very large and pretty club. . . The main floor is large.. usually playing more house/techno than I enjoy, so I tend to make my way down to the hip hop room. Not quite as many 'beautiful' people as you see standing around up by the pool.. but the best dance music! :) . . Decent AC.. and for you ladies dying in the heals there is a handrail that goes around the side of the dance floor (hip hop room only) separating it from the bottle service seating.. it makes for the perfect place to lean against to take a rest or maybe hold onto as leverage while you dance especially if you have gotten a little tipsy haha.. . There is some kind of library/cigar room? It's always looked pretty unhappening and boring to me.. but maybe a good place to take someone you actual want to get a chance to talk to? Personally I'd rather just shake my bootayy! . . oo yes but like all the other reviews tell you the levels are separated by STAIRS.. but there is also an Elevator.
I guess this is the new place to be in Vegas. Lines are insane here so it's pretty much a good bet that you should get a table with your friends.. . The place is split up into sections. There is the Boom Box Room where i guess they mainly play hip-hop. There is the library (which i didn't check out...or did i? i can't really remember....), there is the outdoors and finally there is the indoor main floor. The night i went, ATB was spinning in the Main Room. That was a bumping good time. However, Marquee is mad crowded. They let everyone and anyone in. In addition, theydon't really discrimiante. You'll see youngins, old hags, skinny ppl, fat ppl, all sorts. As long as you have the $$$ its all good. . . I preferred the Main room over the Boom Box room. After killing the 1st bottle in the Boom Box room, the host was able to upgrade us to the Main floor area for our 2nd bottle. That was really nice of her. . . Overall the vibe is great and the music is pumping. However...it is hard to move anywhere since it is so crowded. I wish it was either A) a bigger venue or B) they regulated the # of ppl that can enter the place.
Lines are insane ... you gotta know some peeps.. Awesome music, clean, this is where you wanna club in VEGAS!
Was here last Saturday and had the time of my life.  I went here with a group of 7 girls, got on the guestlist for the day club through a promoter, which are more than happy to help you get in everywhere for free if you have a larger group.  We were a last minute add, so when we got there they didnt see my name on the guestlist, but I patiently came up to one of the security guys and explained my situation, and got in no problem. They are super accommodating for the most part. They were sold out of day beds unfortunately, but we made our way to the bar which sprays an ongoing mist of water because it was 107 degrees, and that mist made the weather bearable.  bartenders were great, people were happy, pool was big and not super packed.   Music was amazeballs, if you're into house and electro.  I would come here again and again and again.
This club is the newest and hottest club right now! i went here just last weekend (labor day weekend) and was really intimidated. The bouncers were strict and quoted my 12  group of girlfriends 40 each but one of my friends kept talking to the bouncer and somehow managed to get us all in for free :).  It has various rooms and we were mainly in the hiphop room. Drinks werent as expensive as XS.
I think my ears are still ringing from LDW 2011. The daytime pool festivities are fun and thenightclub is a hit! Though the daytime pool is ridiculously crowded, the music was great and that always makes it a great time. The drinks are overpriced, but what ISN'T in Vegas? The nightclub was  interesting ... the layout is not ideal in that the booths are spread out all over and only a few actually surround the dance floor. The top floor of the club is actually more spacious and less crazy. Really friendly staff ... shout out to AK!!! Thanks for a great time, Marquee.. . So why a 4 and not a 5? The drinks are WAY too overpriced.
Went to hear Fatboy Slim and Chuckie at the dayclub on Sunday Sept. 4th. Had a blast! The crowd was fun and lots of people dancing! Its better than other dayclubs Ive been to. There are mist areas and lots of shaded areas. drinks were good and cold! security was not as uptight as other clubs. got in quick after picking up will call tickets. not much room to move around but fun!!
Wow I cannot imagine this place when a well-known DJ (which is almost every other week) is playing at the Nightclub here.  This place is packed and packed and PACKED. The lines to get into the club are ridiculous--to be more specific, it's the line for those who have contacted promoters in advance.  Which means there is barely a chance for those who are not on the Guest-list to even make it inside. Sorry about it. . . One of my favorite moment was the elevator to get to the club after going through security.  They totally make you feel welcome and the bouncer completely turns the light grumpy light off and gets ready to party on with us as we enter the club level.  . . This place is a little bit confusing to get around if you have already pre-partied before this or starting to get intoxicated from the moment you enter the place.  There initially are a lot of different areas to dance in, but depending on the crowd mass some dance areas might just turn into standing around area.  . . Outdoors is great because the view of seeing the Strip was gorgeous AND there are couches to rest in! This is quite rare! . . Finally, to exit this place I felt like I was walking into a Cosmopolitan hotel room...very discreet and smooth getaway, loved it.
Nightclub-. Fun. Several rooms playing different music. Super packed. Kind of annoying to get in after 10:30 pm. & that's all I remember!. . Dayclub-. AMAZING!. Never pay for daybeds u. We got two hours of free open bar and three drink tickets- PERFECT:). Fun crowd. Great music. You won't want to leave!!
Marquee is the IT club at the moment in Vegas and the sister property of the original Marquee in New York City. It's nicely done but with a few kinks to improve. The location of the club and the entry lines were a bit confusing:. . If you're entering from the ground floor, you have to take the escalator up to the second floor for general admission and table reservations; If you pre-sold tickets, you have to go visit the box office on the ground floor, then go back up on the third floor to get in. There are suits with directional signs indicating where you should go based on the type of arrangement you have (does not help however, when there are thousands of people trying to get in). . . We got there around 11 and got in quickly(thanks J!).  Once you're in the club, you have to climb about 12 flights of stairs in a fire escape-esque hallway (could've at least painted a posh color!). It was miserable as most of us ladies are already in uncomfortable heels. I would say this is the biggest flaw of this club. I understand not putting in elevators (due to capacity issues); but I'm not sure what kept them from putting in a few escalators in this tier 1, multi-million dollar Vegas establishment.. . The main dance floor isn't huge but it opens up to the outside area. Big LED screens and tons of attractive people so dress to impress! The outdoor area had tables with tubs (which you are not allowed to use), bars and gambling tables. The bouncers weren't very friendly as they were shoving everyone to "move it along" despite it was dead obvious that the place was way too crowded to move at your desirable pace. We did not visit the other two rooms because that means we'd have to brave the stairs again. Not going to happen in 5" skyhigh Christian Louboutins and I'm pretty sure the in-sole's probably already covered with my blood from the initial climb...Shout out to the lady working the bathroom with those $10 a pair Old Navy flip flops. Genius business decision.. . I would only visit Marquee again on a less high-profile weekend. Labor Day weekend was incredibly packed to a point where it was uncomfortable. They also had some sort of strobe light going on which I thought it was going to give me a stroke or something. Should've pulled a Jersey Shore and wore my stunna shades inside!
Finally went to Marquee after hearing how it's is the new "in" club in Vegas right now. The venue is big and nice and it was definitely crowded.. . Marquee is more known for their house music, but there's a small section where hip hop is played.. . Getting in wasn't that bad compared to the other clubs I've been to in Vegas. Our ratio was more guys than girls, but we were able to get in at the discounted price of 25 bucks. Not badat all.. . I'll probably have to come back since Marquee is the new belle of the ball,  but if house music isn't your thing, you might be better off heading over to XS or Tao.
Don't come here expecting to dance. The dance floors were extremely packed. There was even a fight that broke out where a girl shoved another girl into my friend who ended up with a sprained ankle. Other then the very crowded dance floors this club was my favorite this past weekend. The bartenders were fast and very friendly. The security was very prompt and girls got in with no problem. Boys had to pay $40 which is not bad considering that lame Tao was charging guys $50. . . We were planning on coming to the Dayclub but it started to rain very hard w/ thunder and lightning. I was kind of bummed but I rather be bummed then electrocuted. Other than that, this place was so much fun!!
Definitely the nicest night/dance club I've ever been to - energetic DJs, three uniquely designed floors of swankiness, nice bartenders, and an awesome night view of the City Center towers from the rooftop pool area. Yes, it's not cheap, especially if you're a guy - I spent 45 bucks to get in and that was already with a slight discount - still, I thought the experience was worth it.   . . Everyone here is pretty well dressed and there's definitely a lot of room to move around without feeling too squished, unless of course, you're near the dance floor. You'll probably find hip hop on the bottom floor, house music on the larger middle floor (huge awesome screen btw), more alternative sounds on the smaller and library-themed upper floor and more popular music outside the middle floor - as I said, all the floors are really well designed. Drinks, not surprisingly, are priced like any other club/bar. . . I do have to admit, I probably would've given this place a better rating if it wasn't for the exit - you have to go down a good three or more four of stairs to the first floor - I think this is pretty much a safety hazard if you factor in people who have had a bit too much of drink or girls who are wearing heels (take them off ladies). The irony of taking a nice elevator up to get into the club only to come down through a bunch of stairs was not lost on me - just sayin'!
Bottle service girls are extremely sweet and fun (along with being sexy and scantily clad-duh)! This place is great because its indoor/outdoor. Expensive drinks- obviously. Crazy ass lines to get in...definitely get aggressive and don't even waste your time waiting in the actual line. I don't think I've ever seen anyone actually get in via the line. Or, maybe just go baller style, get a table and forget all the door issues, and walk in with your own personal chauffeur/security guard :). . Always great lineup- have seen Above & Beyond, Gareth Emery, Dirty South, Armin Van Buuren, Cosmic Gate, Aviici, Kaskade, Marcus Schulz...just to name a few. Best club in vegas by far-for the moment! 5 stars for the nightclub. . As for the day club.....Y-U-C-K. I'm sorry, I know some people love the day parties, but I really just cannot STAND them. No matter if it's in the nicest club or not, its still gross. Cracked out people who have great bodies, but huge sunglasses covering their faces (warning- DO NOT ask them to take off the glasses- they cover their faces FOR A REASON!) The pool is more of an oil bath as opposed to a water hole (eeeughhhh nasty) and FILLED with people who can't move an arm. And even though we reserved a table with large bed/chairs, things were STILL crammed, and people were so rude they must truly enjoy invading personal space. The only plus was watching the many girls wearing pumps (serious 6 inch heeled shoes) and bathing suits...hilarious. Pair that with the juice heads pouring drinks all over themselves and you've got quite a circus show
This place is a full on shit show from the moment you step into the Cosmopolitan (in a more bad than good way). I still haven't decided how I feel about Marquee but I'll go ahead and like it for now.. . The negatives (and they are HUGE negatives):. . - MASS chaos on all bagillian levels of the Cosmo that have entrances into the club. Follow the mob of hundreds of people on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd floor trying to get in. It's so ridiculous that the club actually hires people to stand with signs that have arrows pointing people in different directions- table service that way, promoter lists this way. Like a bad amusement park. Once you actually get into the line you belong in, you realize you're a million miles away from the front door. FUN.. . - the layout of the club irks me so bad. Okay, so it's obvious the people over at Cosmo have a ton of $$$ and can afford to create a hot club but DAMN can we say huh for a minute. For a club so huge, the dance floors are STUPID small, like oops, we forgot to put in a dance floor! Let's slip one in here. Thousands of people and you want me to dance where?! And the club is a maze. Which floor is wha? What's around that corner? I've been a couple times sober and still got lost. The layout just doesn't make sense to me. . . The positives:. . - tons of big name guest DJ's. IF the DJ that night plays your kind of music expect to have a badonks night. If not.. well.. find somewhere to sit. Like on top of their trashcans. (No joke. Don't judge.). . - it's pretty freakin gorgeous outside. I love the outdoor space as much as XS's. Mini-pools, strands of lantern lights dangling above, an amazing view of the strip.. it's so sexy. I wish they'd carried the same thought inside.. . - the crowd is really cool, not necessarily the most diverse, but surprisingly laid back. And since the club has so many different rooms and patios it's easy to start conversations with people and score free drinks. Kidding!!!. . I've been on both the bottom and the top of the club door hierarchy - no hookup, got there late, trying to stand in line, all the way up to promoters, getting there butt early and table service. What I've learned: No hook up? No table service? Skip Marquee. It's DEFINITELY not worth the wait. Otherwise, go ahead..I mean sure, why not?
beautiful club, beautiful outdoor area with plenty of hidden spots to sit and chill, rockin music in all 3 rooms (Boombox =  hip hop, Library = hip hop/mash ups, main room = trance/electronica). . . i agree the stairs and lack of diversity in the crowd are huge minuses.  stairs to get in after a certain time, stairs to go to a different room, stairs to find the bathroom, stairs to leave.  wear flats ladies!  it's just not worth looking *cute*.  sure pain is beauty- don't kill your feet here, seriously.  i'm all about a diverse crowd with a mix of all types of pretty people.  i'm no way racist (hell i'm mex/spanish so how can i be?!) but it seemed like there were lots of asians.  where was everyone else on a Saturday night???. . they truly have something special here, but the layout is crap.  small Boombox room makes for a hot mess, literally.  if you still want to check it out:. . *get on a guestlist or get hooked up for a booth. *get in line early, like 9pm early, and save yourself a migraine from line confusion. *wear comfortable flats. *bring a flask, buy $4 sodas all night, and fill up (if you're on a budget). *again, get there early, dance your ass off, then keep it moving to a new spot once the crowds hit. *sure you can get a booth, but prepare yourself for overflow from the dancefloor
One of the newer trendy clubs in Vegas.  I liked this club a lot since there was so many areas to venture around to.  They have a indoor, outdoor, upstairs and downstairs area.  If you get bored of one type of music, just move to the next room.  If you are feeling hot and stuff, just go outdoor by the pool area.  There are plenty of bars to get drinks at as well.  The only downside is cover for guys here is a bit more expensive than other clubs.  Even with guest list the cost was $50.
Had an awesome time.. Place is my second favorite club in Vegas... Musics good, nice set up.. Really like the outdoor setup.. Unfortunately havent seen the other floors, but im sure theyre good.
I've been here 3 times in the past weekend and all the times produced different experiences:. . Friday night: my 4 girls and I were walked into the nightclub by a Marquee promoter and it was quick and easy. The crowd was an OK crowd overall since many people were just wandering around, hanging out and not much dancing. Chuckie was performing that night so we were excited to see him but he didn't perform until 12:30am. I also checked out the hip hop floor with a friend and it was really crowded and stuffy though :( OVERALL, 3 stars Friday night.. . Saturday night: my group of girls and guys went out with a speedy entry and the crowd was definitely filled with party people. We had a friend with bottle service in a cabana so everything was poppin, especially those bottles. 2 AMFs that night at the bar costed $30 so be prepared to front bills if you don't have bottle service. Arty and Rider performed that night so it was definitely a great night. It was a 4 stars type of night.. . Sunday afternoon: my girls and I were guestlisted in the dayclub pool party and we got in for free as well as open bar wristbands for free well drinks from 11am - 3pm. We arrived at 11-12pm and it was alright since not a lot of people showed up. We got to hang out with another party people group and got the party started dancing in the pool and mini pool stages but we were suddenly kicked out since someone of the other group was caught smoking a blunt. We were escorted out by security since they assumed we were all one big party group that came in together and that pretty much ended our dayclub but they pretty much kicked out the lives of the party. I would give it a 4 stars while we lasted lol
Not a big house fan. So knowing that they play mostly house, trance, electronica my friend and I decided to check this club out at 3am, after our pizza run.. Walked up the front, told them we were staying a Cosmo, they let us in for free. We were super hyped since we didn't have to pay or wait. Felt like a rave in there, we jumped on to the dance floor and started fist pumping like no tomorrow!. Nice club, really big, but crowded. I don't think I could stay there all night. I would also be super irritated having to fight the crowd getting in especially since it's not my kind of music. But coming in late and partying til dawn without cover or a wait works for me!
DAY:. See through jacuzzis. Go go boxes on the pool surface, drunk madness, beach balls - get there early or expect a wait. If you got there too early they have iced coffee from a can which was good. If you don't get there early, get a cabana. Pre-book your VIP chairs because day-of was more expensive. The hostesses are pretty and hot but not that friendly.. NIGHT:. Tuck your Dr. Scholl's in your purses ladies, those stairs are no joke, even sober. And there are more stairs to get to the pool level. The rooms are fun and awesome. The bar in the boombox hiphop room seemed the least crowded. And there are some benches and tables in the middle of nowehere if you need a seat to rest. We got to hear ATB!!! I would come shake my butt off here again - day or night.
A bunch of my friends have been playing in Vegas these past few weekends, so my withdrawals have led me to write reviews while reminiscing :'(. . The first time I went to Marquee Nightclub, I was not impressed. I heard a lot of hype as it was the newest club at the time, so I had a lot of expectations. I remember naming my photo album, 'stairmaster night.' What the hell was up with the bazillion stairs and lack of access to elevators?! My feet hurt so bad and I felt sick from the drinks, I found myself wanting to leave by 1230A. The second time I went, things didn't improve much. I was used to the stairs, but made the mistake of trying to meet a friend. The different levels and multiple bars were so confusing and everything was so crowded it was impossible to find people.. . It wasn't until my third visit that my opinion changed. I made a point to go to Marquee the night Roger Sanchez was spinning and I had an amazing time. Granted, I didn't use the stairs as much and mostly stayed on the main floor with access to the pool outside, so maybe that impacted my experience. But this time I was able to appreciate the large space of the dancefloor and beautiful environment of the outside landscape. It has amazing lighting and plentiful tables and cabanas as well...a girl's best friend :P And maybe it'sjust me, but due to the difficulty and high demand of getting in, I feel like it filters out a lot of creeps. I've had few encounters with weird or gross guys at Marquee, which is such a nice relief. . . So overall, even though I had a bad first impression, I'm always open to second and even third chances, and Marquee definitely won me over. I can't wait for my next visit!!
I sooo wish I had the chance to go to the dayclub but the nightclub is still lively and fun.. But I have to comment the dancers performing during ATB are ahhhmazing. I think I focused more on them than dancing at one point. Even though they don't do much and there faces are covered that is not the point. The little dancing they do is good nonetheless. And I loveeee seeing ATB. He's always on a good one and he actually djs for a long time.. Marquee does it right again and I always leave with pain in my feet and tired, but always ready to do it again the next night.
I'm sure this place is packed and poppin' every night, but on a night where Kaskade is spinning, it can turn into a zoo. Not that this is a completely bad thing because like a zoo, you can see many types of people doing things they shouldn't be doing. But who cares, its Vegas!. . Being on the guestlist is great because you skip the lines and for us ladies admission is free. Don't worry fellas, you guys get in at a discounted price.. . Thereare multiple dance floors depending on what type of music you're feeling. Second floor for hip hop, third floor for house. One thing that bothered me was how hot and stuffy the hip hop floor was. Turn on the AC please! Other than that I had an epic time dancing the night away to Kaskade!
Marquee is a stunningly beautiful club that has a lot to offer! However, as with many nightclubs, there are things to complain about.. . Firstly, the stairs. It's a common gripe, I know, but it's seriously a pain. It's a fancy nightclub that girls will undoubtedly wear sky-high stilettos to, yet there are so many flights of stairs! . . Secondly, the hip hop floor is so small! I like it when clubs are popping with some good hip hop music, but I really don't want sweaty faces smashing against mine while I'm trying to bust a move. . . Thirdly, it can get so crowded that the bouncers literally tell you where you can and cannot walk. Especially when there is a famous DJ spinning on the floor that plays house music, you have to walk around the dance floor while the bouncers direct you away from running into it and jumping up and down with your hands in the air like you had intended to. . . Despite my three complaints, Marquee really is a beautiful club. The decor is stunning and its sheer size is impressive. Beautiful club, beautiful people.
Marquee is the best club to open since XS and a welcome addition since Haze and Vanity pretty much flopped after high expectations. I love the main room minus the tiny traffic ways. That shit just gets annoying! . . The outside pool area is where I spend most of my time. It's the tits! The only reason I didn't give the venue 5 stars is because of all the fuckin' stairs! Seriously, I don't like them when I'm wearing my chucks so I can imagine how miserable it is for drunk chicks in 5 inch heels!. . For ladies they have a guestlist so you won't have to pay cover but be prepared to get there ridiculously early. For guys get bottle service or prepare to rot in line. Then again, that's pretty much the standard in Vegas with nightclubs.
I get why this is one of the top clubs.  . . Great music, great vibe, hot people, outdoor space.
Yes, I paid $50 and walked up 5 flights of stairs in 5-inch heels in order to dance on a VIP section table whilst Avicii was DJing here on a Saturday night. IT. WAS. AMAZING!!!!!! Minus the fifty bucks and all those stairs. Other than that, so, SO worth it (and worth the blisters, too). Also a pretty nice view from the top of the Cosmopolitan.
Never went to nightclub before in Vegas, so my review might be bias.  (first time Vegas trip).. . My friend told me this place is smaller than many clubs, but to me it's still fine!  I like their out door setting, even though not a lot of people on the day I went.  I mean it was not as crowded as I thought.  I expected everyone's skin stick together. (eeww...)  So I actually pretty glad there was not a lot of people.. . I had a good time there!
This place is definitely growing on me, the only thing keeping them from getting 5 stars is they need to get rid of those horrible stairs! Who wants to walk up and down 100000000 flights of stairs when you're drunk and wearing 5 inch heels?? NO ONE. Anyways, Marquee is crackin I must admit. Came here a couple times and the music is on point. The hip hop room is growing on me, but it's so damn stuffy down there. Main floor is the house floor and that's where the crazniess is! They always have good DJ's spinning like EC twins, Dash Berlin, and Dirty South. . . Marquee's Dayclub is also a ton of fun. The layout and location is awesome... who doesn't wanna party in the sun and have water fights on the very top floor of the Cosmo? . . Can't wait to venture here again :)
This is probably the best club so far in Vegas. I'm a Vegas veteran and I can tell you, out of all the clubs, this is by far the best one. . . I was JUST there for Dirty South on Friday September 30th and the crowd was amazing, the music was amazing, and the atmosphere and design of the club is just ridiculous. . . 5 stars if drinks weren't so expensive! Not a biggie for me though, since I was up from craps! :D. . Make sure you check out all the levels of this club. It's got different vibes and you will appreciate the design as well.
Nightclub!!! Went during the night Kaskade was there and it was packed!!! Literally our bodies were touching the person next to us. Definitely claustrophobic status. You could not make your way throughout the club without being pushed around. . . This club had an upstairs and a downstairs. The downstairs played all hip hop and the upstairs was where Kaskade was at. I loved the outside with the pool. Unlike XS I don't think you're allowed to go into the main pool because they had mermaids swimming in it. But you could go into the little pool all the way in the back since they did have some seats and cabanas out there for people to sit on.. . If you get on the guestlist and arrive by 11 you get in for free (only applies to the males). Ladies are always free. If males arrive later then 11, then they pay $50 just like all the other clubs in Vegas. So males get there before 11. :)
Got here a little late like, 3am. No need to wait in line, we already had our night set up.  Didn't get the full on experience because it was so late, but what I did get...I liked!!! . . Awesome DJ's...beautiful setup.  Bit crowded of course, but lot's of energy and tons of fun!!!. . Dash Berlin, EDX, Hardwell, and Black Jerrell!. . Like em on Facebook to get all the latest info on lineup and announcements!. . BTW:  I have no idea what people are talking about with 1000000 stairs. We took an elevator up and a cool glass elevator on the way down all the way to the bottom floor.
Just threw my brother his 30th birthday party at Marquee even though I've never been there before. It was well recommended by my friends and little brother. At any rate, great venue! There were no overwhelming huge pools like XS or Surrender, but the vibe is nice. It's a huge place with different floors and rooms for all types of music. Very up beat, great indoor/ outdoor space. Didn't break the bank to get in. Would recommend presale tickets to avoid long lines.
When it's free, everything seems that much better. We got in on one of the LMFAO nights and it was awesome. What a way to end your vegas trip. I like the unique feel of each room, especially the library where you're not bumping elbows to get a drink. I still prefer the layout of XS, but it's always cool to see the designers of these super clubs push the boundaries of creativity and above all else, giving people a great party atmosphere.
I came here with a group of 14 girls for a bachelorette party. Luckily we didn't have to wait in the extremely long line. We were unpleasantly surprised to find that we had to walk up way too many flights of stairs in heels. For the most party, however, this was the only thing we didn't enjoy.  It has a few bar areas, including one outside by the pool. The outdoor area was amazing and it was nice not to be in a sweaty club the whole night.. . For the record, the hot tubs surrounding the pool by the cabanas are purely for decoration.. they do not like it when you dip your feet.
Review of DayClub.. . First time at the dayclub and armin van was spinning and it was crazy.... . the water of the pool is heated.... . the atmosphere and everyone around was really fun... . i think cover charge was $20 when i went but it was so worth it... . i didnt order a single drink here..so i was on a good level of pregamming... . until next time!
Marquee is probably the hottest nightclub in Vegas right now and it is due to a few things - it's the newest clubon the strip located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and so with being new, everyone wants to go and check it out. It is also being run by the Tao Group (who also own Tao and Lavo - in both Vegas and NY) and they know how to run clubs. . . Overall, I think Marquee is a nice club, but sometimes does not live up to the hype. There are 4 different areas you can party/dance/hangout/drink. The main dance floor area is where all of the action is but is overly cramped - way too crowded for me to enjoy myself and so I find myself exploring and hanging out in other areas of the club. There is the Boom Box room where they usually play hip hop and the Library room which is more chill and not so club like. The outside area (which is Marquee Day Club during the day) is usually where I end up (mostly because that is where my table/cabana has been lately). The vibe is always going on at Marquee and it is always crowded - be sure to go early if you are not getting a table/bottle service and be prepared to wait. You can get pre-sale tickets online through their website and that is a very good idea especially on long weekends or nights with big name DJs.. . The pool parties are also very good and a lot of fun and sometimes I enjoy these more during the summer than actually clubbing. Nevertheless, another great addition to the nightclub scene in Vegas.
Dayclub Review:. . My first time at a real vegas pool party went like this.  Wake up in OC at 9am, drive to Vegas at 10, get to the pool area by 1:30pm and it was hotassballs (not a real word).  I really do not understand how these chicks walk around comfortably in what I can only describe as dante's inferno wearing HIGH HEELED PLATFORMS.  C'mon girl, keep it real... your face is melting and your thighs are chaffing.. . Drinks were about $14, so be warned, savor your ice cubes in your drink after the liquor is gone.  Each cube is a dollar.  There's no place to sit and it eventually gets soo hot you feel like you might sprawl out and die so you gotta psyche yourself up and talk yourself into entering the overly packed pool.  The DJs typically play house so you can imagine how house dancing looks like in a pool with a bunch of drunkards.  Good times.  At the Marque Dayclub they let you splash, which I learned will get you a stern warning at Encore's beachclub.  So when the beat builds in a song (think fist pumping) everyone starts splashing like 5 year olds... kind of fun to watch, not be a part of.  Needless to say I was drenched, imagine that, entering a pool and being slightly upset that you're drenched from head to toe in what is possibly pee pee water. =/  . . I got out of the water and noticed a divide at the center of the pool, people were trying to push something white from one side to the other and vice versa.  I looked harder thinking it was some chicks panty liner... but, nope.  It was a flippin tampon.  Yes, TAMPON! Oh Lord Baby Jesus, WHY!? *raises hands to the sky*  It was even a brownish color at the tip.  I threw up a little in my mouth after realizing my face was wet from drunk people's pee and a vajayjay blood. :(. . What does one do in a situation like this... take out her Amex, head to the bar and double fist alcohol until everything in the world is okay again.. . Why the 4 stars?  Because I had a blast laughing my ass off and retelling this story.  Sometimes the bad times make the most memorable best times. (Deep, I know... unfortunately not quite as deep as that girls escaped tampon)
Great people watching, lots of pretty people here. Bottle service is the only way to go, however they have some of the pricier bottles on the strip, averaging about $475 per bottle depending on what you order. No different than other clubs as far as "greasing" goes. Find a host, slip him $100.00 and start negotiating from there for a "good" table or booth and how many bottles you will need to order. DJ's were great spinning some awesome tunes. Our server was excelent and earned her gratuity, she was never more than a hand wave away when we needed something. I will definetly go back to Marquee on my next Vegas visit
This club is absolutely beautiful with beautiful people! The music is amazing, the outside patio is gorgeous, the bathrooms are trippy, drinks are made very well lol. Why only 3 stars? Unless you have bottle service get ready to dance like sardines, get wet from peoples sweat, have guys grab you when least expected. Thankfully when I went to Above and Beyond, we met the owner of the club, hooked us up with bottle service. Let me tell you LEGIT!!!!!!!! now I got the hook up everytime so next time I'm in vegas I'm sure my review will turn to 4 stars hahaha Oh and I love the fact that women can get in free and the 50/50 guy girl ratio.
My husband and I went there for the Halloween ATB party. It was our first time at Marquee but we really enjoyed ourselves. We are both a fan of ATB so we were super excited to see him perform and the party was amazing. As far as the location goes, oh man it was crowded. It was crazy on the dance floor, but I kind of expected it to be like that. It was a Halloween weekend and they had a world class DJ there. Tickets were $80 for hubby and free for me (local lady). ATB came out around 1 am, so we had time to warm up on the dance floor.
LOVE this place!! Went for halloween weekend, and had a blast!! We thought the line was going to be crazy to get in, but it wasnt that bad we waited at most ten minutes but then again we got there early for anticipation of a long line. The place was packed, the drinks came out fast and the music was great! I really wished they had played some dub but techno is good too! I love how it has the areas inside and then the pool patio area outside!!! And the bathroom has a vanity area so you can fix up your makeup!! I really had a good time and definitely recommend this spot to people who want to have a good time!
Came last week to see Benny Bennassi... it was insane and we had a great time!!  Definetly opt for the presale tickets as mentioned in other reviews, we were herded into the upstairs line and only waited about 10 min with other ticket holders before going in.  Bouncers were all polite and didnt give us any trouble.. . The club is just beautiful and the music was awesome.  Drinks were about $15 ea, and strong as hell, so we didnt need much to get a good buzz.  We danced our asses off... definetly try to rock the comfy heels, as there are many flights to the other rooms.  We will be back next time we are in Sin City!!
Fun fun fun!! Lots of different rooms. Lots of good music. Lots of open space to grab some air. We bought pre-sale tickets so getting in wasn't difficult at all. I paid $30 for tickets for Kimmy K's b'day party. I don't think she showed up! Boo on her!!
I was super excited when I first heard of Marquee because Cosmo had just opened and it was glitzy and glam inside. I expected the same for Marquee, and it's pretty nice. I think XS is still more aesthetically pleasing, but you can still have a good time at Marquee.. . So the only WTF thing about Marquee is its ridonkulous amount of stairs. Y U NO HAVE ELEVATORS FOR LADIEZ?! Seriously?! I think we had to climb like 3 or 4 flights of stairs?! I'm prettty sure I saw an elevator for guys.. UGH WTF . . Anyway, the club is big, has a huge outdoor area, and a really nice dancefloor/stage inside (Kaskade DJ'd this weekend). My girl friends and I got in for free on a guestlist and proceeded to do a lot of mingling among the cabanas and tables. I like that there are many stalls in the bathrooms (this is very important to me when I go clubbing!). I was pretty buzzed so I can't remember every little details, but overall, it was a good time. . . Oh yea, it was $45 for guys since Kaskade was there, but I think boys can get a discounted entrance price if they're on a guestlist or take those coupon thingies from those shady promoters on the strip.
For a nightclub, this place was entertaining! I'm not a huge night club person, I kinda gave that up a while back... but kinda had no choice since it was my friend's bachelorette party weekend haha.. :). . My very first table service experience at vegas! I can see why people do this; 1. you can take of your shoes off while dancing in your area (since you know it's clean) 2. Have your own bottle service set up and have our own personal bartender to make us drinks here and there, really friendly staff. Loved how we just got right into the club through the elevator in less than 10 mins or so. Great experience, good music (esp. when you're getting tipsy and totally feeling the beats) great atmosphere and with great people! :) We all had a awesome time that night! Just really expensive, of course that being vegas!
THAT NIGHT IS STILL RINGING IN MY EARS =)) one of the best experiences ive had going out had a great time even though it was crowded because of Halloween and ATB it was very fun and high energy all night the facility itself was very nice good sized dance floors and spas and pools galore cant say enough what a good night it was =)
I'm down. The Marquee is "the" club to go to in Vegas right now, and for good reason. They have awesome DJ's playing all the time, and is in arguably the nicest hotel on the strip. Also, girls LOVE this hotel and club, so there's always an abundance of them there, if you know what I'm sayyyiiinnnn'!
Came here on 10/15/11 for Kaskade =) He was amazing.. . The venue is hella big and spacious and the layout is beautiful! but more space=more people. It was SUPER packed with clusterf*cks all around. . . Despite the inability to actually dance or more in the main floor/stage area where Kaskade was, I still had an amazing time. The 2390293 flights of stairs was killer though. but I'll use that as my exercise for the weekend.. Someone told me there were elevators we could take?? But where?! I was already kind of buzzed by the time I got there so F it! Going up the stairs, like a baus.. . Kaskade didn't spin until about 1AM. So the group and I just pretty much hung around the bar area and the hip hop room. We also checked out the rooftop and man, it was beautiful at night. Dunno how much the drinks were 'cause I didn't buy any =P But I don't even remember what I had except I know I had a kamikaze shot in the beginning on the rooftop level.. after that, it was a blur =). . the BF and I and a few of my friends started getting closer to the main stage to where Kaskade would be at. Once he came on, everyone was screaming and it got even more crowded that I could barely move my arms. It was ridiculous. But it was worth it. He opened with "EYES" and it's sad I don't remember a lot of the songs he played because I was pretty much dunzo at that point.. I still remembered he played "Angel on my shoulder" which is one of my favoriteeeeees by him! . . At one point I was sitting on top of my bf's shoulders with the help of some white dude behind us. If it wasn't for the random guy, I probably would have lost balanced and fell. But at that moment I couldn't care less. I was at my happiest and I felt like I was flying =) Red bull gives you wings y'know? ;) . . So was Marquee worth all the pushin' and shovin' and getting stepped on 3940394 times and ruining my new nude chinese laundry heels and bruising my feet and legs and a cigarette burn on my thigh from some random dude who put his arm behind him and my thigh just happened to meet with the butt of his cig?! (luckily, the scar is gone now). . but my answer is... YES =) Well, Kaskade was a big part of why it was worth it.. . I would have given this place 5 stars but I docked a star off because of my battlescars and ruined shoes -_-
Marquee is the first ever club I went to in Vegas!. . I was with a group of 5 girls and we were all Vegas newbies and used to NYC nightlife. We weren't on any guest lists and we didn't know anyone. The Cosmo is such a pretty hotel but the taxi is like off to the side of the hotel which was a little weird. It also took a bit for us to find the club because there is a sign downstairs but we didn't realize we had to take the escalators upstairs to get in. . . Once we got to the top...we see a HUGE line of people. It literally wrapped around like a snake. We didn't know where to go or what to do so I went up to the doorman and this is the conversation that ensued:. . Me: "Hi, we're not sure how this works...?". Doorman: "How many girls?". Me: "5". Doorman: "Okay, come with me". . That was easy. We skipped the line and didn't have to pay cover! +5 stars =D. Marquee is huge! The dance area was super packed so we decided to walk around outside first. After scouting out the scene by the pools/outdoor bars, we decided to go to the dance floor...but got separate along the way because there is a bouncer to the entrance of the dance floor and only half of us got in. This began a 30min search for the other half of the group. After we found everyone...this random guy decided to follow us...to the bathroom and actually waited for us outside...wtf? (The bathrooms are really pretty and there are huge vanity mirrors so you can fix your makeup!) After we finally ditched him, we were able to have some fun!. . We didn't realize there were other rooms (because it's so damn big) and we were tired of the house/techno music on the dance floor, so we peaced out and moved on to the next club on our list. Next time I come, I definitely want to check out the other rooms!
I love being a girl. No lines and no wait and no guys to hold me back. . Marquee reminds me of LA/NYC but in vegas. Well given that Marquee is from NYC is has that stylish feel. Everyone here dresses a lot better and seemed a little more upper crust. The music was excellent and the crowd was good looking. Every girl needs eye candy while sitting down and resting her feet. Anyways, one complaint too crowded. Get a table or wear comfortable shoes. Oh, one more complaint, stairs. Really?!!
Guest list = free for girls, $50 for guys (yikes! I wonder what it is without guest list...) . . But my favorite club of all time (in Honolulu or Los Angeles) so far.. . Got in no wait at 9:30ish to the Guest-list line (2nd floor to the right), there were lots of lines to navigate through). . . Elevators up, main floor. "the library" themed room with sexy librarians standing around, a pool table and lots of seating. "boombox room" downstairs with a tiny floor and more private seating.. . I loved the outside portion with parka-ed dancers and fire lamps for warmth.. . Drinks are the usual $12, and ehh not too strong not weak but could be better. . . Bouncers and guards were so nice and joked with us about not letting us into the stairs area. Nicest guards I've met on the strip so far.. . Lots of space, different places to go depending on mood, 5 bars to choose from, 4 areas to roam... Good DJ, nice guards. High price for guys so high female to male ratio (good if you're a rich guy or gold digger).
Rating soley on the atmosphere and music. The venue is very nice, but the place was sassy packed and we had one of the rudest bartenders ever!!!. . Music was great though. I'd go back...
Marquee is freaking gorgeous! . . However, as many female Yelpers mentioned...this place was definitely designed by a MAN. I loved each floor and the mix of music, but the stairs got super excessive even though I had pretty comfortable shoes on!. . The club was POPPIN' off the HOOK on Party Rock Monday! Got hooked up through my friend who knew a promoter and got in pretty fast upstairs. The line downstairs was crazy - but we got in in like 10 mins as opposed to 30 minutes. And...it only took 10 minutes because it was some crazy back alley way to the club from the pool entrance. I thought they were gonna murder us for a while there, but luckily we turned out okay! . . The drinks were standard pricing but pretty hopped up. If you give a hefty tip, expect a hefty drink - that's just how it works in Vegas. The water was ridiculous at $8 a bottle but I guess it was Voss...so...that makes it ok? Meh whatever! . . I really liked the outdoor patio because it had a decent view and the system was BOOMIN'! However, the view from Caesar's Pure is MUCH better...too bad Pure hires douchebags (see Pure review). . . The bouncers were okay - not overly friendly but not super douchey either. It was pretty much, don't act a fool and they won't kick you out so that was cool. I have to say though that I really loved the crowd better on a weekday - I think its because the locals are there and they don't act stupid like lots of out of towners do (no offense). . . I met a ton of people here and danced my night away so I'm givin' a 4* for PAAAHHTEEE RAWK MONDAZE~!!!! :)
Now this was more my club.  It's not as upscale and expensive as XS but they have a better production.  First time I attempted to get it, it was a no-go.  3 lines that was so ridiculous, it put Disneyland to shame.  Second attempt, even though we were there early, we opt for a promoter just in case even though we were early.  We didn't want to miss a chance.. . This place was huge which is a major plus.  I need some room to dance people.  I loved how they had security controlling the dance floor because it seriously looked like it was packed.  I was so sad that I had to leave and wasn't able to get back in. =[  . I know they say there's 3 rooms, the main room and the hip hop room, the last room was a game room I think?  When I was trying to look for it, I went into this hall that was basically a behind the scene look at the Library.  It was pretty awesome. But when I found the room, there was pool tables and a bar and such.  I left because I wanted to dance.. The outdoor pool was beautiful.  I would love to see how it looks for the Dayclub.. . The music was amazing.  Loved the house music and the hip hop music so I got the best of both world's.. . Now the go-go dancers here were more entertaining than XS they were well choreographed and it was fun to watch while I'm dancing.  . . Major downfall: who's the idiot that put the effing stairs there?! I was so confused and lost because it didn't tell me which floor was which.  My feet were killing me and I was out of damn breath from hiking up those things.  And to have the elevators there and not working? What a tease man.  Not cool.. . So you can basically say that the main room (the Library) was a high-class rave type of club and the hip hop room was more like a regular bumpin' club.  Excellent.  Just work on those stupid stairs and I'm all game for this club.
Supposedly the hottest Day Club in 2011 according to various sources. It is housed inside the nouveau Cosmopolitan Hotel.  It may not be the biggest or most expensive Dayclub but it is surely the most popular.  Actually spent a good amount of time at the Night and day club on my past trip to Vegas.  Luckily we got hooked up with VIP entrance through a friend of ours. Got in relatively quick with no silly cover charges or extended waiting.  Of course they provide a limited number of tables if you want to play.  . . The place gets pretty jam packed especially toward the end of the prime pool party season.  I saw two famous DJ's here for the first time: Armin Van Buuren here and Dirty South which was awesome at a venue like this.  All the staff are pretty cool here and fit well into the party atmosphere.  I had a great time partying with our group here, so I can't complain.  I think the outdoor area of the place misses some of the wow factor that some other competing outdoor pools.  . . The second day here we ordered some food to see what they had to offer.  I got these chicken skewers that they told me would take a while to prepare... hoping that they'd present me with something rather good.  The actual chicken was forgettable but the salad on the side was alright.  My friends ordered burgers which I didn't feel like eating but might have been better.  Therefore, overall I can't muster this place up to more than 4 stars right now... even given the incredible pool party atmosphere.
FYI, this is for the NIGHT club only. . . PROS:. - AWESOME MUSIC. Lemme give you guys a fair warning though: it's mainly house/trance/electro/techno music. You've got world class DJs like Avicii, ATB, Kaskade, and Dash Berlin who play here (Kaskade has residency here, so be sure to catch him here!) so be prepared :). ** Tip: There IS a downstairs hip hop floor so if you ain't feelin' the euphoria of the top floor, mosey on over to this floor. BUT it's small, sweaty, and a bit ... grimes. . . - AWESOME decor. It's new so it's got nice couches, chairs, bars, trees, bathrooms, and a cool poolside area with purrrty trees :). . - BAR/TABLE SERVICE is awesome. I was lucky enough to come here with a group of friends who had bottle service. If you got the money to spend, try and get a table here. BUT be warned that this club is the hottest rage so you probably won't end up with a table inside. & the bartenders are quick for those of you just at the bar.. . - Really good ratio of girl to guy but seeing how strict they are, you'd imagine so.. . CONS:. - If you are NOT on guestlist/don't have tickets, do not bother coming here unless you're willing to get in line early and pay OR there are still tickets available. Get to know a promoter and get on that guestlist early!. ** EVEN ON GUESTLIST, the line can be SUPER long so be prepared to be at Marquee around 10 to avoid all the lines and craziness.. . - STAIRS EVERYWHERE and girls....it sucks. . . -IT GETS MAD PACKED ... especially on nights with famous DJs. They start fencing off the dance floor on the top floor if it gets too crowded and those bouncers are mean :(. . -SUPER strict on ratio. If it's not 1-1, don't bother unless you guys have a table.. . SO, basically here are my tips: get there early, go the top floor since it's the most crackin', and avoid yacking or bringing things in the club. Bouncers ARE strict and extremely good look outs. other than that, everyone should DEFINITELY hit up Marquee! You're bound to have a gooooooood night :)
Awesome club to go to, was my first time and had a good impression. Dj was great, music was loud enough. There are a total of 3 floor, 2 are dance floor, 1 is a library up stairs. Has pretty hot dancers too. Only thing not so good is that its very crowded and barely had any room to dance. Drinks were from $7-$16, tickets were $20 for girls and $50 for guys. If you are going with a group, make sure there more girls then guys, other wise they might not let you in. Also dress nicely, formal with dress shoes at least for entry. Have fun.
This club is happening and is really off the hook but.... it get's super duper packed.  To the point where you can't move.  It actually made me leave because I couldn't walk or dance or do anything.  If it's not so packed it's a awesome club.
Overall, Marquee is an awesome club and for my first Vegas club experience, I was impressed. Ironically enough, many of the clubs pros can also be cons however.. . Such as the multiple rooms and unique layout. Very cool and interesting while sober but extremely difficult to maneuver and keep track of after a few drinks. It's great that there are a few different settings to fit people's individual preference. We briefly walked through the hip hop room, which was small and packed, on our way outside. In November, it was quite chilly so we quickly headed upstairs to the main room. Then we wandered up even more stairs to the library, which had a nice, laidback vibe, which I would have liked better had there been a place to sit. As the night progressed and I had a few drinks, I found that locating the nearest bathroom and then finding my way back to my friends was a nearly impossible challenge. Luckily, I somehow managed to find my way but it was not without difficulty. . . I know there are plenty of people who like the techno/house that's played in the main AKA largest room but I've never been a fan. I need words to get into a song and dance. I remember excitedly shouting to my friend when a song with words finally blasted after an hour of steady beats. . . We were lucky enough to 1) get hooked up with free entrance by a friend's promoter and 2) be welcomed to someone's table for the night. I guarantee that my feet would not have survived an entire night of standing in heels so a huge thank you to the guy who let us crash at his table!  . . Another interesting note, there are a lot of stairs, including a random, vacant stairwell up to the club. Makes for an interesting evening for girls in high heels.
After reading a few reviews I wonder how many drinks some of you had or if you if even enjoy clubbing?  if you don't like loud music, crowds, sweat, spilled drinks, drunks, and to drop some paper,  then maybe you should go to a piano bar.. . Anyhow, this club is a love/hate for me.  I've been going here since it first opened and even before that.  So, I know wtf Im talking about.  . . Its definitely beautiful and the color and ambience is nice.  But its too dark in the mainroom.  Plain and simple.  The traffic flow sucks only because the bouncers who control the movement are over-bearing in making people move, which isn't really their fault because its over-crowded in the mainroom and people tend to stop and stare at the stage because of the magnificient 40ft. LED screen and exotic burlesque dancers in their over-the-top outfits.  I would stop myself and take in the view.  Its amazing but the bouncer ruin it.  Many people who travel once a year maybe two are going to be in awe of watching what's going on cause it becomes a show with the world's best DJ's.  Dancefloor should've been bigger anticipating the popularity of this place.  Only good table are around it and the view there is the best but it'll set up back a few GRAND.. . Tables inside the mainroom are small and expensive per person on the table.  This club is expensive overall but this is understandable being it's their first year and currently the hottest spot.  Alot of negative comments that there's alot of stairs and I agree.  A vertical club isnt the best idea for traffic flow and safety hazzards for the sloppy drunks and bare-footed girls trolling around (yuck).  . . However, each room is beautifully decorated with top-notch material and the sound system is the best I've heard.  . . Bottle Service isn't quite the best nor are the drinks you buy at the bar. The girls are hot but arent that attentive and do the least service as possible.  Don't expect to get her number unless you are tipping beyond the 20% auto-grad.  And she's only giving it to you to try and get you to comeback and do it all over again.  Nothing more fellas.   . . Getting into the club is a effin' nightmare VIP or not.  You got the outer heavy duty barricade, then once you pass that, then you have the inner rope, then it bottlenecks to the register/stamp regulator, then you have to wait in one of 3 roped lanes to go up elevator to get into the club.  . . SO be SOBER getting in and find a spot to chill for the night if you cant afford their tables.  The outside is very nice tho, so try that without falling into the pool. . . Kaskade shows are the best here.  SHM sounds really good too.  This place is made for EDM.
This has got to be my favorite club in Vegas so far. I have been here twice and I absolutely love it. The decor is fun and trendy. The layout is awesome. The different dance rooms for different djs and music lets me have options to wonder around. I meet a lot of friendly party people here too! Perfect place to get wild!!! =P
Staff - Great staff. Honestly if your don't know how to dress when you go out that your fault and is not the staffs fault. . . Lines - Could be better but is faster then the XS line when it first opened.. . Cover - Decent on weekdays. BAD on Saturdays !. . Crowd - All the hottest women want to party here! Every guy wants to see all the hottest women. It gets crowded, SO WHAT, ITS A F*CKING CLUB !. . Price on drink - Average.. . Bartenders/Cocktail Waitress - Great.. . Table host - Some of the most decent hosts in vegas. They dont try to leverage you for more bottles.. . MONDAYS ARE THE BEST DAYS. . SATURDAYS ARE THE WORST.. . also get there early or you'll pay too much to get in !!!
Oh Marquee. You were hella amazin & crackin on Party Rock Monday. You exceed my expectations of what a Vegas club is supposed to be even though a big name DJ wasn't present that night. Come on, admit it Redfoo is a mainstream trip hop group, not like Kaskade or R3hab. But still, I had one of my BEST Vegas nights with you.... . Line at Marquee? Pshhh. nonexistent. When I'm in Vegas, I go VIP...which means no waits AND no cover even though its a cockfest in my group. Vegas is all about networking. It's all about who you know. We skipped the line and got in within 10 mins without cover. Suggestion: try to mingle & network with a promoter who can give you VIP cover & line tickets. You'll get in w/o a hassle.. . By the way, there were 3 floors of LINES. They were ALLLL long so yeah try to network with a promoter or even the club people if you can.. . OH YEAH....beware of the stairs. We had to walk at least 5 flights of stairs before getting into mainstage. WTF. My legs were already sore from XS the night before, and now I gotta walk these stairs. FUCKKK.. . Bottle service. You NEED to do it here at Marquee since there is absolutely no room to dance unless you're in the walkway, but then security will be on your ass about moving. BOTTLE is worth it here !! There was a 2 bottle minimum that night, and we had a HUGE group that night so we got bout 5 bottles (500+ each). Our table was by the mainstage in the middle and had ledges you can climb on and dance. The girls LOVED those ledges. As a gay guy, I felt like a stripper whore hustlin for my monayyy though most of it went towards the bottles. HAHA. . We ventured around the club for a bit, and it was nice that they had a huge outdoor scene with a pool and cabanas with jacuzzis. The club felt more spacious and less claustrophobic but around 1 am...they stopped letting ppl into the club from the patio. So people had to enter through the side entrances. Um what?. . THE CLUB GETS PACKED. We got sick of the craziness so we hung around our table most of the time. Redfoo dropped a sick set to my surprise though most of the night was blurry. All I remember was Bounce - R3hab remix and some Mark Knight songs.. . Typical Party Rock to throw out inflatable toys during their set. Our group somehow got our hands on a inflatable animal and brought it home. Yayy !!. . The people here are so damn good-looking esp the girls !! I'm not straight but damn those girls were freakin hot !! LOL. . The party is hellaaaa crackin here so now you know what to do on a Mon night. PARTY ROCK !! Wiggleee wiggleee wiggleee wiggleee yeahh !!
What can I say about this place other than great energy, amazing DJ's, and the line doesn't take long to get through unlike many other clubs in Vegas.  . . I went for back to back nights and had a blast both nights.
Damn, the day club here was poppin'. The music was good and the bar tenders nice. Can't wait to go for the night club.
This club is pretty cool. Awesome dance floor and lounge areas. The outsidesection is incredible- a massive pool, waterfalls, lounges and bars, all with a great view of the strip. The dance floors are indoors and the DJ's tend to be great, my only problem is that its too crowded. I like crowded dance floors but when security has to block people from even dancing on it, its a little overboard.
PARTY ROCK MONDAYS FTW! . . As fortune would have it, on the fine Monday night we ventured to Marquee, Redfoo from LMFAO  happened to be there as well. Besides a large blow-up zebra being thrown off the stage, lots of smoke, flashing lights, and random exploding things...I don't remember much about his performance. But, I had an awesome time nonetheless. The energy of the crowd was off-the-wall and was probably one of the primary contributors to the awesomeness of the night. . . We mainly stayed on the top level since this was where LMFAO was performing. However, this suited me just fine since the top level was also my favorite. Similarly to XS, it features the 1/2 outdoor-1/2 indoor layout with a pool as well. . . If you're coming on a night when LMFAO will be there and you actually want to see something, DON'T MOVE if you manage to squeeze into a spot with decent views of the stage. As it gets closer to performance time (1am on the night we went), they start roping areas off, leaving only crappy side views behind. . . The only drawback to Marquee is all the stairs you have to hike up before entering the actual club. I'm sure many lady reviewers have mentioned this already, but hiking up a few flights of stairs in 5 inch heels is no fun :( Lucky for me, quite a few of my friends are podiatrists in training, and given all the abuse I put my poor feet through, I'm almost positive I'll be needing their expertise sometime in the future. . . I'm not sure how much cover would normally be for guys and girls since my friend who knew a promoter got our group of 15 in for free. But even if I had paid $20-$30, I still would've managed to party my money's worth. . . I may have been hurting on our flight back home the following morning, but Marquee was well worth the discomfort. FOUR STARS!
WHOO! ACTUAL SPACE!. . Came here the Friday before NYE and lo-ooo-ved it. I don't know if it was because it was such a stark contrast from the other ones I went to the previous night buuut this place is bumpin'. Good people, good music + lots of space (inside + outside, whoop!) to move your pretty self around. Even though our party didn't have to pay the cover, I would definitely have forked over the $ to get all up in this lovin'.. . A huge drawback is the insanity that is the stairs. I know everyone and their mothers (hey, why not) must have mentioned this but THOSE STAIRS. Wore a pair of 5 inch heels and Maqrquee's floor climbing experience has nearly made me swore off heels for life. . . Ladies, prepare to climb many flights of stairs. And if you're going through the promoters' side, many more flights of stairs. The upside is though, no matter which floor you're hiking your way up (or down), its worth it. I loved that the first two floors had good music & the third floor was more chill (complete with pool tables + all!) and relaxed. . . All in all, everything that it's hyped up to be (sans stairs), even on a NYE weekend. Loved it, definitely going back!
Marquee is still the crackin'est nightclub in Las Vegas, perhaps even borderline "cray". My favorite place to kick it is by the outside bar and the little balcony before getting dizzown on the various dance floors. If you enjoy having fun, avoid the "Library", or just stop by if you really want to check it out.. . The guys in our group decided to get pre-sale instead of getting on the guestlist with our girl group from some website called "wantickets". I don't know how this happened, but we got in at 10:30 on a Saturday night with no wait bypassing approximately 100 attractive girls waiting in line say whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!?!? I suppose this is my raison d'update (this top secret tip),  if I go again i'm definitely going the pre-sale route!
Okay, its amazing and beautiful in here. I love that there are different floors for different types of music. For the particular night that we went, we stayed on the house floor because Avicii was DJ-ing that night. It was CROWDED. Crowded where I thought I was going to die. Security guards blocked off the dancefloor and did not let anyone else go inside. Walking around the dancefloor was hell because people would block traffic. For a claustrophobic person, this was a nightmare.. . But I am giving this place 4 stars because its beautiful here. Honestly, when we walked to the hip hop floor, it was a lot more spacious. So that just tells me that it's either cause house music is trending, or its because Avicii was there. If you don't mind hip hop music (its good music, like Trey Songzz!!!), then go to the hip hop floor instead!!! . . I've heard horror stories about climbing the stairs up to the club, which us girls didn't have to go. But if I had to in heels, I would be unhappy. Definitely will be back when it isn't so packed cause it was New Years weekend!
MARQUEE night club, you cant fail me!. . All yelpers heading to Vegas, hit up Marquee!. . Came on a friday night to see Dirty South DJ that night, line was fat longggg, so i suggest coppin that presale ticket off their website a few days before, especially if it's other major DJ's like Avicii, Kaskade, etc. . . Their club here is huge! multiple levels, outdoor patio areas with private cabanna bottle service and over flowing jacuzzi's. They did an awesome job with Marquee. Also two outside bars and a couple inside bars to get all your drunken needs. Prices for drinks aren't bad at all, I'd expect them to be more but suprisingly fairly priced. . Bartenders are nice and chill, they're quick, and never takes too long. Downside: it gets crowded QUICK. imagine coming here when Kaskade is DJing! Theres also a downstairs hip hop floor which is real small but at least they were thoughtful! The crowd here is awesome: lots of cute females, doesn't disappoint. . Until next time Vegas, Marquee
I like the idea of multiple levels with different music, but the STAIRS! Ladies, you know what I'm talking about. Unless you've got someone willing to carry you up and down a few flights, stairs are not our friends, and Marquee has plenty of them.. . The mix of the crowd here was a little strange... Saw someone who looked like my friends dad on the dance floor. He was just standing still in the middle of all the madness texting.... . Maybe I'm nitpicking but I wasn't impressed by the restrooms here. They were kind of small and not too pretty.. . It was impossible to get on the floor towards the end because Avicii was playing that night. We were fine hanging outside by the pool where we made friends with a couple guys who had bottle service. . . I liked the pool area a lot. I loved the jacuzzis next to the cabanas! Too bad we couldn't use them :( The outside area is spacious enough where you can get some air, yet small enough that you can walk around and socialize. Or in our case, dance in our seats while random guys gave us lap dances.
My friend and I were able to get in for free (which I've never had the luxury of doing since I'm never in Vegas with just girls).  There are ins & outs once you get stamped, so after we had climbed up all of those warehouse looking stairs, we THEN decided to go get some free drinks at another place before the cut off time... so yes, we walked back down those flights of stairs just for free drinks.  . . The last time I was here, I got kicked out b/c I couldn't handle a drink a guy at the bar bought me and my b/f (jager, goldschlagger, & patron, but I think the bartender used cabo wabo instead).  So it was like I was seeing the nightclub for the first time!  I didn't make it to the Library, but I enjoyed the Mainstage & the Boombox room.  The patio side was also very nice (what I see most of my visits at Marquee).  I went on a Friday and it was crowded, but it honestly wasn't horrible. We were able to walk around and dance w/o being pushed around (with the exception of the mainstage dance floor).. . Drinks are still great and well worth it (I usually get an Adios or Long Island).  . Not sure if walking up and down the flights of stairs is the new thing they're doing now, but all of the other times I've gone, I entered and exited through the 2nd floor elevators which took us up to the nightclub level and back down to the hotel level.. . I can't wait until the pool opens up again - my FAVORITE DAYCLUB!. . Marquee never lets me down!
Packed, for a reason, such a poppin' club!. . This place is really really gorgeous, and everywhere you go, inside or out, is such a nice atmosphere. They even set it up for your in the elevators, where you just get even more excited to be there. It is really really cold in the winter, so while the outside is beautiful, ITS COLD, haha. . . Since this place is so popular, get a promoter to get your group in, it will make your time there go much more smoothly. We went in with a little uneven ratio, with one guy more, but it was still okay. . . IT can get pretty packed on the main dance floor since it isn't ridiculously large, but hey the music and the alcohol can make any place a good time.. . Also, the EC twins headlined our night. Apparently, they have a yearlong residency at Marquee this year..they are great!!!!!!
Free cover + nice bouncers + open bar + house music = unforgettable (or rather, forgettable I should say) experience! I will be back, Marquee!
I'm giving marquee 4 stars, because it is a popular club and not necessarily because I had a great experience there. Anyone yelping to find a good club in Vegas, marquee is one of the coolest clubs to date.. . Kalila and I went for my friend Sam's birthday on a Monday night. "Marquee Monday" is party rock themed. Go dressed in either "party rock" attire or semi-casual.. . "Party Rock" attire involves anything the guys from LMFAO would wear. Giant afros, big framed glasses, anything neon & bright, anything animal print, anything fur.. . This place was absolutely PACKED. It was hard to walk around and hard to dance, but that doesn't stop people from having themselves a great time. Being bumped into is a normal part of nightlife. Marquee is definitely doing something right if they can fill their entire place up on a MONDAY. They have a great thing going for them with their alliteration.. . They have 3 different floors. I only got to go to 2 floors. There was a party rock floor with all EDM (electric dance music) and "The Boombox" with all hip-hop music.. . When I left, I went to Pho Kim Long! ....which I also wrote a review for! ;)
Every time I go here I wish I were a girl and didn't have to pay the $40 - $70 cover. I guess everybody wanted to see Kascade that night.. . Anyway, this is one of the hottest new clubs in Vegas competing with XS. The layout is pretty novel. There's an elevator that takes you up on first entry. Once in, you can go to three levels. The hip hop floor, the main floor which has a pool and the top floor, which is more of a lounge. Personally, I've never gone to the top because I never knew it existed.. . The best part about this club is the re-entry. Which means you can go out, get some cheap drinks and come back in. The only problem is the maze you have to navigate through and the 15 flights of stairs you have to walk down and then back up. And also, depending on the time, you may get blocked from re-entry because of the sheer amount of people. Luckily I got back in 20 minutes before they shut it off.. . All in all, it's a pretty nice club. There's a waterfall in the back, pool on the main floor, dance floor in front of the DJ, tons of people to talk to and heat lamps outside for when you get cold. I can't tell you about the drinks because I'm sure it's $15 for a jack and coke like the rest of Vegas.. . Probably the funniest part is continuous line of people being wheelchaired in and out. Makes for a good drinking game.
Beautiful patio, seating, dance floor, lights, and performers here! I've come here on several occasions and it's always really fun. Some days I'll have off nights where I just won't feel it but I love the dj's who come here, which are mainly electro andhouse. So if you don't like this music, there's a second floor that plays hip hop!. . Watch out during huge events because the dance floor can get crowded, you can't even dance, and it starts smelling like sweat!!!! That's the only downfall so get there early and stay there!. . The group I was with was too large that we all stayed outside where it was nice and cool and we created our own little circle and danced the night away. . . They also have these cool hammocks. My friend and I were getting dance crazy and started rocking the hammock so hard, a security guard came up to us and said "Are you guys kids??" . . LOL. oops.
Just came here last weekend.  It was my second time and my experience was much improved from the first.  The first time I came here I had to wait over an hour in line to get in, and I got there early.  This time my boy talked to one of the promoters and let us in through the "secret line.". . This place is huge.  3 levels, the bottom level plays hip hop, the main level plays edm, and the top level is pretty much just a little lounge to chill.  I don't know why I can't give this place 5 stars.  It has so much potential.  Marquee books big name DJs to perform on the main stage.  The light wall behind the DJ is incredible.  If you don't like EDM you can go downstairs to get your groove on to some hip hop.  If you're a little tired you can go upstairs and take a break.  There's even access from the main floor to get outside by the pool for some fresh air.  And there's beautiful women everywhere. . . Here's where Marquee needs to rethink.  So you decide to make your club huge, 3 levels in fact, but there's a limited number of elevators you can access to get from floor to floor. No one wants to wait 20 minutes to get to from floor to floor.  Then you think it's okay there's stairs. The worst idea.  Nobody wants to walk a million flights of stairs either.  Invest in a ESCALATOR PLEASE!  Also, Marquee has to be breaking the capacity law because it's like sardines in the damn place.  I don't want other dudes rubbing up on me while they're trying to get pass me. . . On a side note: if you get faded, most likely you won't even care about all these problems.  So just have a lot to drink, and enjoy all the potential Marquee has.
Supposedly the "most visually appealing club in Las Vegas". We were here for a Markus Schulz performance so we bought the $30 tickets ($20 women) ahead of time. Before buying I called the club and asked them if hotel guests get anything special, and was told we get to use a special guest door. What she neglected to tell me, even after I specifically asked, was that we didn't need to buy tickets. I could have saved that money for 1.5 drinks!. . After this annoying discovery, I was at least happy to get inside and find a really dope club. This place is huge, and it has an awesome outside area with more bars, another DJ booth and pools. Had it been warmer, I'm assuming that's where the Dayclub is. The inside also lived up to the visually appealing claim. There was a huge LED screen / stage behind the main DJ booth with costumed women dancing around. . . Probably the only downside was the relatively small dance floor. How can you consider yourself a top dance club when there's barely any room to even move around? I basically just had to accept the fact that people were going to continuously bump into me to start having a good time. The shots helped too I suppose... . . All-in-all I had an amazing time. Would definitely go back.
Marquee is my favorite nightclub in Vega$ now!  . . I came here on a Monday night around midnight.  Lines were confusing, I had to ask the bouncer where the line for general admission started.  I waited for about 20 minutes.  Once I got in, it was jam packed!  I was expecting the main floor a lot larger but apparently it's all an illusion from what I saw in pictures.  Marquee has a pretty high ceiling with giant tvs, which makes it look a lot larger in pictures, but reality is not.  I bumped into people constantly.  The DJ table is right there in front of you and this makes it pretty cool though.  . . Anyway, DJ Vice was spinning that night and he was GOOD.  He played from Wonderwall to Top40, in between he mixed with house/techno music seamlessly.  He got me on the dance floor all night.  I also checked out the infamous stairs of course.  The library was having a karaoke night and the boom box was all hiphop.  I preferred DJ Vice for sure.  I stayed on the main dance floor for the rest of the night.  I have to say there are far less creeps than other clubs, maybe because it's a monday night?  I don't know.  I had only one drink and the bartender was very attentive and quick.  I can't comment on the price either because got a drink ticket from a guy but I am pretty sure it is priced at a vega$ price.  Overall I had much fun even though I was sober.  I will definitely go back!
Marrrqueeee. I need to thank you for a couple of things:. . 1. providing a legitimate cardio workout with the many flights of stairs that lead to the club. 2. the second entrance with the shorter line! Screw waiting in the line for the main entry!. 3. after I'm dying and nearly sober from #1, entering a club that has multiple levels on top of it. 4. constantly looking like a loner because our group kept losing each other in this multi-level venue. 5. the (very unamused) bouncer who helped me find my purse at 4:30am ... amazing.. . and lastly, thank you for putting so many escalators right next to the club. drunk people like me tend to drop things off of them. Like iphones for instance. But luckily my 4S is a trooper... and luckily it only fell one story. So for now marquee remains in my top 3 vegas clubs, but definitely will not top XS anytime soon!
This is one of the newer clubs that hit the scene recently in Vegas. I hear that it is over hyped and could possibly be. They have a nice day club for summer (but i went during winter). They have 3 floors, one floor that plays house music which is the main floor then a top floor which is called the library (probably my favorite) because it is so chill. then a bottom floor which is hip hop. . . I didn't get a table so i can't really talk about it, but all in all it seemed cracking. . . Something to note: wear flats ladies (lots of stairs...) guys? make sure you have a better ratio or at least money to pay the bouncers, or good luck getting in. Unless you know someone this is one of those establishments.
**Nightclub Review** . . Can you say: UNTZ UNTZ UNTZ? yes, I've always wanted to start my review off like that! The sound of thumping noise! w00t. . What makes this club stand out from the other places? Its kind of hard to say, but what I enjoyed the most was the DANCE FLOOR.  The LIGHTING and SMOKE effects helped create an amazing dancing experience.  I was *FIST* pumping all night! Sweat till you can't sweat no more, I say.. . Wipe that sweat off your forehead and head to the PATIO.  Its more or less impressive at night (anyways).  Being that it was Winter, I was not able to enjoy the poolside much but it was nonetheless good to look at as well as the surrounding hotels with pretty glowing lights.  There's ample room to move about, so if you get tired of body bumping on the dance floor, definitely come out here to cool off before you gyrate like a lunatic again. . . One more thing to mention, there's a little stage out in the patio with a ginormous display that lets you peep into what's happening inside.. . My lovely guests and I were on a guest list to their LIBRARY BAR which was a few flights up as you get past the Elevators.  Once you make it up the stairs and pass the bouncer, you are now inside a quaint bar that appears to look like a library.  And no, not like your local library, like a private home library inside a fancy home.  Hands down, a great secluded area to chill away from all that noise happening downstairs.  But if you want to checkout the action, there's a side door that allows you to stare down at the dance floor.. . While all these things are great and fantastic, the most "cray cray" and annoying thing about Marquee was the stairway that you MUST take to depart the club.  It was long and luckily I do not wear heels! That's the only complaint I have.. . If you have a crazy itch to get your dance on, I highly recommend coming here.  Happy UNTZ-ing!
This place is always crackin' and the guestlist line is always long, but moves pretty fast! Girls get in for free, but guys... if you wanna avoid the long line, just buy the ticket ahead of time and pick it up at the will call!. . Like I said in my previous review, there's a never ending flight of stairs you gotta conquer just to get into the club's main room/hip hop room! You'll see hella girls walking down those stairs with their heels in their hands by the end of the night!. . There's an outside area which isn't too bad! The bar there is always quick to serve you your drinks!!! The bathrooms are also located outside, and there's a small bar right next to it! VERY convenient! lol
The CLUB to be in Vegas. . . I've been here several times and it's never let me down. Monday nights are the industry nights, so the club is jumpin'-jumpin'. And once a month, if you're lucky to attend it is Party Rock Monday, hosted by LMFAO.. . The line waits are ridiculous, being on the guest list doesn't help. The only way to expedite the process is to shell out the money for a table and depending on the night, it can cost thousands!. . The club has an excellent lay out. A nice round dance floor, an upper level with a room called "The Library." This club has it all. The music, the signature cocktails, excellent VIP "celebrity" guests, excellent DJs. . . During the Summer Marquee Day Club is awesome! It's set up in a large square, so no one really gets lost. The cabanas are dope and have private hot tubs, which are see through... Sometimes that is a good thing, sometimes, it's an epic fail! (Think Grandpa!). . Marquee really delivers the "Vegas" experience and I highly recommend making this club a To-Do.
We got tickets for Dj Chuckie and were told to arrive at 9:30!! Way to early, we were one of the first ones in there. By 12:30 we were dead tired.. . Everyone always talks about the stairs... yes for ladies if  your wearing heals it is a pain but we stayed on the main floor so none of our girls complained. The EDM floor had plenty of room because it opened to the outside so not to much problem with crowding.. . The drink prices are vegas prices so no surprise there. Now back to arriving early. We started the party waaaay to early! One of our friends drank a little to much and we had to take care of her.  She was climbing on stuff and laying down so the bouncers got kind of mad but you can't blame them. by 12:30 we left....We didn't get to see Chuckie. Oh well.. . Just make sure to not arrive to early or you won't make it through the night.
Marquee is a fantastic super club located in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel. I came here on a Saturday night with my lady and it cost us $70 to enter ($50 for me $20 for her). The question everyone is thinkingis, is it better than XS? In my opinion no, I like the feel and attitude of XS better. While Marquee is slightly bigger and has more rooms with different kinds of music, some of these rooms do get very cramped. They play amazing music and this place is lots of fun. Definitely a great place to party, just not a 5 star establishment. The other negative here is that they don't let you drink while waiting in line, which for me is unheard of in Vegas. If you're going to make me wait 20+ minutes in line I should at least be able to have a drink.
I had an amazing time at Marquee on my last two trips to Vegas.  This Cosmopolitan club has been the go to club for the last couple of season and I have a feeling they are going to have a pretty long reign at the top.  They bring in amazing DJs that perform on their main dance floor, I was lucky enough to catch Kaskade on my last trip.  Warning thought, if a major DJ is playing the main floor will get PACKED!  If you want to fight it out for a good spot on the floor head over a couple hours before they go on stage.  . . Once you are inside there are three different themed floors, the main floor (house/EDM), the Boom Box room (hip hop and pop), and the library (a much mellower vibe).  The main floor also connects to an outside area that has another DJ.  The decor is dark but very artsy hip in the color theme of mostly black and purple.  I'm not sure if artsy hip that is the right way to describe it, but those were the words that I thought of when I went.  Of course there are bars everywhere to help you dance the night away and fight away the cold if you are outside in the winter.  The drink prices are pretty standard for Vegas...expensive, but that is Vegas for you.. . I highly recommend getting in touch with a promoter.  If you are an all girl group and it is a holiday weekend you should be fine getting in for free.  If you have a good ratio (I would say at least 4 girls to 1 guy if not more girls) than the girls again should be fine, but guys be prepared to pay at least $50.  If you are a big all guy group look into shelling out the big bucks for a table. When meeting promoters to let you in, be sure to find the Queue Bar that is a couple floors below the main entrance of the club because that is where they meet you to take you up to the club.  . . The only reason why this place loses a star is because of the STAIRS.  No elevators! You might get to use one if you get the right promoter on the way in, but after that you will feel your heels ever step up and/or down for the rest of the night.
This club is super spacious and beautiful!!  I loved the random quotes on the walls, the decor, the outside patio with the beautiful pool...etc.. . Yes, those (six?) flights of stairs were pretty crazy...but what a way to start exercising as the night begins!. . This is the popular club of the moment, so come check it out.  Girls get comped, guys I suggest ordering tickets online so you don't have to wait in line.  Drinks are around ~$13.
Everything else is to be expected. Good music, Girls puking in line at 11pm, $14 mixed drinks. Definitely the place to been seen and not heard. Bottle service looks like the way to go to have a good time. It gets you drinks, space, and seating.. . Not in love with the layout, but do like the different areas. Of course the top floor library was my favorite with its own DJ, Pool Table, semi free areas to sit, and outside access to see the dance floor on the main floor.. . Dance floors are small and are more like should to shoulder standing areas. . . Stairs get you anywhere, up and down, back up, and up then down and up and when you want to leave another 3-5 flights down, it can get you dizzy on itself. At least when you reach the bottom it leads you directly to the secret pizza spot.
I went the first time for my 21st recently and Marquee was my favorite!. The lines are SUPER long so make sure to get on a guest list to cut the long lines.  My 2 girlfriends were on the guestlist and waited 2 hours before they could even get in.. Word of advice, get in line before 10!. . When I first got in, I only thought there was 1 floor but I found out theres actually 3 floors! The main floor then downstairs is the hip hop room.  There's also cabanas outside by the pool to sit around too.  When I went, it was super windy outside so I stayed inside most of the time.. . It got really crowded throughout the night, people were spilling drinks everywhere; on people and on the ground.. . I loved the music they played on both floors.  I spent half my time on the main level & my other half downstairs!  Outside by the pool area is really nice as well.  The bathrooms are very clean too which is definitely a plus for girls.  It was filllled with Asians! But being an Asian girl myself, I loved it. haha. . It's definitely a place to check out if you're in Vegas!
PROS:. * Signed up with Gia and Scott (Australian, ladies). * Got there early to avoid a lot of people. * VIP - we had 9 girls - Bachelorette Party. * Became we came really early, they gave us one free drink and let us sit in the booth. It was awesome. . * Dancing and lights. * Free drink when you sign up for their mailing list. * big bathrooms for the ladies. . CONS:. * The stairs... omg. the stairs. I knew about it so I had my flats... but my girlfriends didn't... so... they were in pain. . * Outside was SO windy. So much room outside but it was just SO windy. . * If you're late, you will have a hard time getting in. * Men... you need at least three women to get in with a big group of guys. * There was this bartender that was really mean to one of my girlfriends (a girl bartender - come on now). . Overall... I had a good experience this time here. Every visit is different.
Have you ever seen a club in Vegas where the lines (yes plural) wrap around the hotel and continue up to the next floor... and sometimes up another floor? Welcome to Marquee Nightclub & Dayclub. Everybody wants in.. . Is it because their drinks are out of this world? Maybe they have a huge dancefloor? Or maybe they let everyone in free and you just have to wait in line? The answer is a big fat NO.. . Marquee came into the Vegas club game with their mind on the money... and money on their mind. They knew EDM (Electronic Dance Music) was on the verge of climaxing all over Sin City and they took full advantage of that. Installing state-of-the-art sound systems by Funktion One and placing world class producers & djs in exclusive residency contracts propelled Marquee into nightlife superstardom on the Las Vegas strip since Day 1... literally... they had their Grand Opening on New Year's Eve last year. . . I've been here so many times in the last year, I can't begin to count it. Sometimes I get in on discounted guestlists, sometimes I get in via pre-sale tickets, sometimes it's bottle service... but I NEVER EVER wait in line for hours-upon-hours. Except for Halloween 2011... when I decided to drive up to Vegas on a whim after work on Monday (yes wtf was Halloween on a Monday) to see KASKADE... no presales in hand meant waiting about 2.5 hours to get into the club but it was WORTH it to dance to Kaskade til 6am... take a nap at my friend's penthouse suite then drive straight back to LA for work.. . The trick is to come early, get stamped then go do your thing. One thing I like about Vegas clubs is that they allow in-and-outs... and I'm not talking about that disgusting SoCal based burger chain. Take advantage of their generosity and come early, get stamped then go grab food, drink drink drink drunk drunk or finish your hair and makeup. This applies for both Nightclub and Dayclub. Oh ladies, if you're coming to Dayclub, have a pair of heels ready in your bag, just cause it's a pool party doesn't mean they're not looking for ladies in heels to let through the line.
The decor and music in this place is insane. The patio is gorgeous, it was pretty cold so didn't get to fully appreciate the view without shivering. The place is huge and our feet were still in pain from the night before, so I definitely want to go back when it's warmer. There's plenty of seating in the patio, but it's closed off for invisible people because it was 2:30 am and the seats were still completely empty. I don't get why they have such ugly stairs for such an awesome place. Let's make those stairs a little more drunk people friendly. I understand they might be for a fire escape, so why not another set of stairs? and maybe better directions to find certain floors. I would definitely go back though.
I'm not gonna lie. This nightclub actually met my expectations of being a Vegas superclub.... . We bought tickets for the event so that we wouldn't have to deal with the line ($30 for guys, $20 for the ladies). We got there after midnight and were still forced to wait in a line, to then get into another line for those with tickets, and then ANOTHER line to get on an elevator to ascend into the club. Took an hour to get in. . . When you are let off, you are released into a bar. Walking around, you'll find this club has four main areas: the main dancefloor, which is surrounded by VIP suites, the outdoor pool area, the "boombox," which is the hip-hop area, and the library, a really swank VIP-feeling area with a pool table and bartenders dressed in tight white dresses. Each area had a different feel, and the library and outdoor area weren't too crowded.. . If you get there after midnight, and did not get on the second floor dance area, don't expect to get down there until around 1:30 a.m. as the bouncers will keep you moving. You'll get there later on in the night, but at midnight, almost impossible. If you can deal with this, you'll still have a good time.. . In terms of drinks, they were expensive (as expected), but they were mixed strong and well, which is something I wasn't expecting, but did make me (and many of my friends) really happy. . . Now, the stairs. If you have girls in heals in your party who are going to have trouble walking around, get ready to do some carrying. This place is on many different levels (literally and figuratively), so many of the ladies will be tripping, and I'm sure the club owners have to clean a lot of blood and skinned knee flakes off that staircase every night. They MUST find a new way to enter and exit this club. Still, probably one of the new standards ofclub in Vegas!
Sometimes I just like to go out, drink, dance and interact with strangers all while getting my ear drums assaulted by what can only be described as nasty bass drops. Yes, sometimes I like to go to clubs. And TAO group has almost never failed me in my clubgoing experiences and Marquee was no different.. . The first time I went was a brief walk through essentially-went with a friend who does not handle enclosed crowded spaces well. Yeah. I know. So after a quick walk through we left and I figured I'd never be back because while nothing displeased me at the club, I really only go if I'm guaranteed seating and a place to hide the heels that I've kicked off.. . Nearly a year later, came back for my best friend's birthday and she had a table (bingo!), so I got to stay, play and experience. I honestly don't know where we were in the club, just at a table, near one of the bars, but we could see a lot of the dance floor action and had a decent view of the DJ's stage. What I liked about Marquee mostly had to do with service. Typically, when you get a comp'd table, particularly with all girls, service is pretty subpar (there are other words I could use...) because the busser and hostess make an unfortunate assumption that a table of girls is not going to tip well. Our hostess did not do that-she was SO nice, came back to check on us frequently and didn't treat us like second class citizens. Even if she didn't want to be bothered with us, she never showed it. So we left her a FAT tip. It's very simple: don't be a bitch, and we'll leave a good tip.. . The music was great, the DJ was fun and someone threw a whole bunch of dollar bills onto the dance floor-so all in all a great experience.  Not sure I would come back without a table because of personal preference, but would recommend Marquee for an authentic Vegas nightclub experience.
This club is beautiful!!! The music... Not the best. We went when EDX was there and the light show was fun but the music wasn't popping enough for us to all dance. . . The hip hop floor was uber crowded. I felt like I was in front of the crowd at Lollapalooza! There wasn't enough room to dance. There was also another room that was more like a classy dive bar. I walked in when the DJ was mashing up a Johnny Cash song which was neat. . . Keep in mind that there are a LOT of stairs. A LOT. You will want to die in your heels (especially with all the walking you already did on the strip).
Flew in from Chicago last weekend and visited this Las Vegas club for the second time, it was great in many ways.  They handled the crowd, seating and bottle service much better than most.  Some attitude from staff is part of the club experience but we were treated in quite a friendly, calm and considerate manner considering the place was packed to the rafters. Management knows what they are doing.  DJ Vice was the DJ and format was rather a "pop" type mix but it fit the crowd and energy was high.  Big foam glow sticks were thrown to the crowd, dancers were sexy but not too sleazy as our female fellow guests commented.  We did not see one person not having fun the entire time we were there.. Sound system was superb - loud but so clear our ears did not even ring the next AM.. First time we visited they had LMFAO before they really broke it was amazing, you could tell they were going to be popular. . 20% automatic gratuity on service so watch out for that.
GOOD MUSIC, AWESOME CROWD, BEAUTIFUL HOTEL & CASINO. However, I think the space inside can get pretty crowded. I was here for Avicii, and I didn't even try going inside the club; I stayed outside by the pool and it was in the winter time. It can get a bit cold, but they have some heaters here and there. There are quite some sexy ladies and fellas chillin' around this place. I met a few myself, but if you are looking for a committing relationship, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE. The drinks at the bars are pricey - I spent $32 on two Tokyo Teas, but man, did that $32 worth of drinks make me have a "good feeling" throughout the night (if you catch my drift ... *hint* Avicii was DJing). Anyway, here are my 4 stars.
Despite having to pay cover the last 2 times I came to Marquee (both arriving after 1am), I still love it!. . Marquee's biggest draw is their huge circular House room. The DJ takes center stage above a sea of pulsating, fist pumping bodies. The dance floor is heavily monitored by the bouncers along theedges, but if you are a cute girl just smile and ask to be let in! Wham, bam, thank you m'am!. . My friends and I totted back & forth between the House room (left because all the confetti kept getting into our drinks) and the smaller Hip-Hop room. While the adjective glamorous describes the house room, the adjective raw definitely describes the hip-hop room. Quite a bit smaller, the crowd is more diverse and the hip-hop a good mixture of old school and the new heavy hits.  My fave part of Marquee/the hip-hop room was the outdoor balcony. Very refreshing and a great spot to take a breather from all that grinding/untzuntzing ;)
Decided to purchase the all access wristbands since we were staying at the hotel saw Dirty South on friday and kaskade on saturday.  I'm glad we went both nights or I would not of had a good time on saturday.  LADIES- wear your most comfortable pair of shoes. I made the mistake of wearing my 4 inch heels on friday and I was limping out of the place.  The best thing to do is to stand in line at 9- get your hand stamped and then go someplace else to drink until 11 or 12.  If you get there too early you won't make it until the guest dj's come on which is typically around 1 am.  Kaskade put on the most amazing show... would highly recommend going to see him!  As far as the outside goes- it's rather fabulous out there and a nice escape from the inside crowd.  There are a lot of  heaters set up and some of the cabana's have their own personal hot tub.  Also there are 2 bars that were very quick to get drinks at.  Little tip... if you are looking for a place to sit down- there are swings outside and upstairs on the level of the library room there is a couch and chairs in a halfway.. it's rather strange and in a secluded area, but if your feet hurt bad enough it's at least a place to sit and chill for a minute that doesn't cost $2000!
Review is for the nightclub only:. . Looking through the reviews, I saw two very common complaints: the security and the stairs.  To get around both, pay in advance.  It's a simple solution that allows you to get around being harassed by the bouncers (if that even actually happens as often as people make it sound) and allows you to use the escalators to reach the top instead of walking up six flights of stairs.  It also will end up costing you about half as much.. . Now that that's out of the way, we can talk about the actual venue.  The top floor is where everything seems to happen.  This is the house room where famous DJ's will perform.  We came for Ferry Corsten's show, and it was good as advertised.  Lots of the standard jumping, fist pumping (if you're into that), and all that stuff.  Definitely not disappointed, except for the fact that we got there at 11, and Corsten didn't start his show until 1:30 (maybe everyone else knew this other than me?).. . The lower floor was mostly a hip-hop room.  The DJ that night did a pretty good job, but he couldn't save this experience.  This room felt tiny, especially compared to the top floor.  After about 20 minutes here, we all agreed to go back upstairs.. . The outdoor areas were a nice touch.  As crowded as the house room, except with the luxury of open air, which became increasingly more crucial as the night went on.. . Last points: the crowd that night was mostly good, although the drinks were more expensive than any other club I'd ever been to in Vegas.  Overall, though I'd have to say that this place has correctly been described as one of the better clubs in Vegas, although I'm sure much of the quality of the experience is tied to the DJ that happens to be performing on any given night.
I enjoyed myself at Marquee when I came in October 2011. My girlfriends and I were on a guest list & got right in without any problems or wait. We ended up bumping into old friends from our hometown out by the pool, and they so happen to have rented a cabana so this was a + for the night. Before we ran into them, we were at the outside bar grabbing a drink. The bartender was great - came right up to us even though there was a big crowd standing next to us. Drinks were tasty, & from what I remember, not too expensive for Vegas. . . Dirty South was spinning and I would have liked to have been in the main room by the time he came on, but still had a great time outside in the cabana.. . I was a little shocked at the amount of young, sloppy drunks running around, considering this is supposed to be one of the top nightclubs in Vegas. But didn't lose any sleep over it ;) . . The Cosmopolitan is a BEAUTIFUL new chic hotel and walking through it before we came here was very intriguing. I'm coming back in May and will most likely plan a night out here again.. . P.S. I remember the taxi line not being long at all at the end of the night, which was a definite + when you've been dancing around in 6 inch heels all night & want to get back to your hotel fast. We stayed at the MGM so 2 minute drive :)
Don't know what the complaints about all the stairs are about. We didn't walk a single set of stairs. Rather, we took an elevator and guided to our pool side table. It wasn't overly crowded - although we could tell it was a madhouse inside where ATB was playing. Bottle pricing is pretty ridiculous ($1,500 including tax & tip for a bottle of Goose and Ketel One) but you don't go to Vegas to cheap out on going out. If you're going to nickel and dime yourself, stay at home. Seriously. . . Our servers and staff were attentive. Our VIP host, Marc, is the man... followed up after our trip with a thank you email. Will definitely go back and hit up the place again.
This nightclub was pretty awesome.  With the pool area it really makes it swanky and unique.  The inside is packed to the gills!  If you don't want to stick out like a sore thumb, be sure to wear your tiniest dress and highest hooker heels you can find!  I seriously don't know when it became so fashionable to look paid for!?!?  At least the guys are dressing nice these days!  Great club for house music, lots of famous DJ's.  Buy tickets in advance and show up by 10pm or you'll possibly not get in.
Kaskade = 'nough said.. . VENUE: We were guest listed and put on priority so we were the first to actually be in the club before anyone else. Thank you to Kay C.'s lovely promoter, might I add all of them were looking fresh and fine that night with their suits on. ;) Marquee is located at the top level of the Comospolitan Hotel so we had to take the elevator up. Once the doors opened and I walked out, I was blown away by the beauty and the grandeur of Marquee. The inside had three separate rooms with multiple bars for easy access, each room dedicated to different types of music. I swear to god, it was so big I got lost going to the restroom. (@___@)" But my favorite part by far was their outdoor patio where their gazebos and jacuzzis were located. They had a screen that's linked to the indoor main house floor and a bar located off to the right. I just loved the fact that you can see all of Vegas out the side windows and the pools were dimly lit with hazy blue lights and fire lanterns everywhere to keep one toasty and warm in the frigid coldness desert nights. Multiple gazebos were located on both sides with a jacuzzi per slot, I heard these were also for bottle service, but they had to close early that night because it got too cold? Not sure if they got a refund or not... But the place is just gorgeous, I would definitely come back during the day for their day club!. . BARS: Hadn't had trouble getting drinks (shots: $16), they were friendly enough to give us cups of water for free. Although once it gets packed, don't be surprised that you'd be waiting a while before you get to the front.. . Most of the night I had fun, but really you have to be either drunk or buzzing really good to enjoy yourself fully. By 2 am I was sober and the crowd was driving me nuts. People were rolling and drunk, I had alcohol spilled all over my hair and my foot stepped on while I was in heels. Some guy was ramming his junk behind me and it was just cray cray. But Kaskade's performance was pretty nuts, the lights, the bass, the dancers in their neon Lady Gaga costumes... Fucking awesome.. . Alas, I will be back for you Marquee!
Bottle sevice+Kaskade+group of ER nurses = i'm a happy camper. . I'm definitely coming back to this club again. I only have a few complaint about this place and that is rude bouncers!!!! They're very strict when it comes to trying to keep people moving in aisle. They don't want people standing around the aisle when there's a performance going on. If you don't' have a table reserved, good luck trying to  get a peek of who's playing that night. The bouncers don't care if ur a female , if you're in the way they'll shove u away.. . They also try to make this club exclusive, so they'll pick on petty things such as not wearing ur shoe in the club, hotel, elevator or anywhere on their property ( WTEFF? Most of us just danced the night away in ur effing club with our high heels on..give us females a break!) They'll kick your friends out of the club if they remotely look drunk even though theyre allready on their way out and hasn't made a scene (for ex: like throwing up at some random person's shoe, falling in the pool).. . Aside from the neg things I'll still give this club 4 stars for the music, atmosphere, awesome lineup of performers!
Go drunk, look hot, know a promoter and go and get crazy!!! otherwise, it is probably really expensive and hard to get in, av come out of this club before at like 3 am and there were still people waiting outside. I personally like the upstairs rave like department, everyone is super fucked up but my friends prefer the downstairs hiphop department. the Lady dj, i think she might be lesbian is super legiiiiit for the hip hop section and every time she plays i get a major crush on her. My friend gave her her shoes because she was overwhelmed.
This is a review for the Dayclub.. . Marquee Dayclub is like that one girl who ends up being smarter than you think she is.. but who still is not as smart as SHE thinks she is.  Yes, Marquee was sicker than I thought it would be(having been only to the Nightclub before), but it's definitely not as awesome as the promoters and "hottest day club of 2011" awards make it out to be.  Having been to a bunch of the other dayclubs in vegas, I'm going to say the venue, the drinks, the food, the service, the people... meh, average.. . With that being said, the shining jewel of the Marquee Dayclub is: the girls who work there are HOT.  Like seriously HOT.  Like I dont think I have ever seen groups of hotter girls before, not even on television; and that's saying something because my favorite shows include Entourage, Nip/Tuck, and South Park (that last one is not really conducive to my point but whatever).. . . So does an average club with nothing to set it apart from the other clubs but extraordinarily hot girls deserve a favorable review??. . Well, I have a Y chromosome. So yes. Yes it does.
Really nice place. There's several levels and the dance floor can be congested. There's a level that's more of a lounge, the main floor, and a rap/hip hop level. . . I saw that some tables have come with jacuzzis which made me want to see some really drunk people falling in. However, we were there too early for that. . . I was a hotel guest and there was a separate line for that, which took 15 minutes (we got there at 11). However, if you come here as a big group of sausages, you may be in for a longer wait. It was 50 for guys, 30 for girls on a Saturday night.
Visited 04/09/12. Cool place. huge, numerous bars; three rooms and outside (poolside) to party. the, "boom box" was closed (I have a feeling this would have been more our cup of tea). However, after a couple, literally 2 drinks we were having the best time!! DJ was interactive, confetti falling, night sticks being passed around. decent amount of diversity (that was in the main room only). We would visit this place again.
First time here during baker to Vegas weekend...long line but since there was 3 of us girls we were able to get in without waiting. Classy And upscale..
After having an amazing time in 2011 at the Nightclub for Marquee Monday with LMFAO, three of us decided to check out the massive pool party that is Dayclub!. . Vegas pool parties are probably the most insane in the world. Be prepared to roll with the craziness.. . We went on a Saturday to see Hardwell, and after having a couple of drinks at our hotel, we walked over to Dayclub at about 1pm. There was a tiny line in Cosmopolitan, so we were able to pay ($40 for guys, $20 for girls when we went in with 2 guys and 1 girl) and get to the 2nd line outside the pool in no time. . . Once inside we realized the magnitude of what we were getting into. No, you're not going to get a chair to lay on unless you already reserved a daybed or cabana, and you're not going to have a place to really stand unless you're in the pool.. . So, we dropped all our stuff at one of the locker and headed straight for the bar. Our bartender was fantastic! Strong drinks and was always easy to get to. Beers are $10 and drinks are $13 or so. Be prepared for a massive tab at the end of your day.. . The crowd was already energized by the music and alcohol by the time we got there, so it was fun from the first second. . . I'm not underestimating the fact that this place had the highest number of attractive people I've ever seen in one place. Lots of eye candy for girls and guys! . . We hung out the whole day in the pool and the crowd was great, especially when Hardwell went on. Beach balls and splashing all over the place, so cover your drink at all times!. . It would have been the perfect day if there was enough space outside the pool to stand and there weren't some idiots going around splashing everyone. Even with those two negative I can't recommend this place enough It's definitely an experience!
Marquee is in my opinion one of the best in Vegas as of right now. They always have great dj's headlining and there are several rooms to dance in. You can seriously get lost with all the stairs and rooms in Marquee! (WARNING: Drunkness will inhibit your sense of direction, especially at Marquee! Be ready to explore...) . . The Library plays old school hip hop and has more of a relaxed vibe. Bottle service tables, fireplace, pool table and a bar. Upstairs from the main floor.. . The Boombox is dance/hip hop mixes, very dark and gets VERY crowded. Has lots of tables inside, and direct access to the outside strip of balcony. Close to the elevators.. . Main Stage is pretty small of an area to dance in, but if you go to see a DJ get your spot early! Bouncers close off the ramps once they feel it reaches capacity down there. They have awesome audio/visuals for DJ sets and one of my favorites is when it gets a little hot they blow puffs of cold air! Exactly what you need to keep your groove going!. . Outdoors will play the same music as the DJ on the main stage just no special bells and whistles of course. But other times they have a DJ out there on a mini stage. Depends on the night. . And as we all know, it will cost you your first born for a drink in Vegas, no surprise there. Drinks will be no less than $20!!. . One thing is a plus is that they will offer free water! Unlike other clubs claim to only carry tiny bottled waters for $8!!! (AHEM, Haze). . Overall, a must in Vegas!
Marquee is huge! A lot of space for dancing and a good amount of space outdoors as well. Great vibe and good music. I also love that they have a library on their top floor with books along the wall and a pool table.. . Big fan of Marquee Mondays. When I went it was the cheapest club night I'd ever had. First the guestlist got me in for free and then it was open bar for ladies. I got 5 free drinks and only spent $5 to tip.
The nightclubs back home in Hawaii are NOTHING compared to this. DAMN. Marquee knows how to party!. . My best friend and I planned a trip for Vegas for a concert and just happened to be there the same weekend Avicii was performing here. Luckily, a few of our friends knew the promoters here, so we got in for free and were one of the first few people to get into the club early to kinda explore the place. I advise you show up there around 930 or so if you don't wanna wait in crazy lines! The place started to get packed around 11&it gets worse from there (Keep in mind we were there on a saturday night).. . LADIES, I know the club scene is all about dress to impress, but seriously, if you're gonna wear sky high heels, I'm almost positive you'll end up hobbling around bare foot by the end of the night. The club has 3 floors; the elevators are pretty crazy because of the high volume of people going in&out of the club. Unless you're happy all night with the floor you're on, you'll probably be taking the stairs a lot. I saw a ton of girls walking around holding their heels as the night went on. At one point, my heels were giving me unbearable pain, so one of the friendly promoters mentioned that some of their bathrooms sold slippers/flip flops for $10. PURE GENIUS. THANK GOODNESS. My throbbing feet were in heaven.. . There are tables for bottle service basically everywhere you go on each floor. There's not too many places to sit down by the time the place gets packed... so I guess it really depends if you want your wallet or feet crying by the end of the night. . . Good music always playing. The main floor is always house; they have a ton of good resident DJs for you EDM lovers, (Avicii, Kaskade, Above&Beyond, ATB, Cosmic Gate, &tons more) and even line up a lot of good guest DJs as well! The floor below it is the Boom Box, always playing hip hop. &The top floor is The Library, a small room with a lounge vibe; they got a pool table, bar, book shelves, a fire place, even bottle service tables here too. They play old school stuff. Pretty chill. . . My friend &I made some good friends with the friendly security&promoters there! Very accommodating during our visit.  Next time we go to Vegas, we'll definitely be back........with comfy shoes.
For my first true clubbing experience in Las Vegas me and a coupe of friends hit up the Marquee. . . The club is located in the Cosmopolitan, has 3 rooms, an outdoor patio area and several bars. . . The main room spin electronic and more top 40's hits and has a stage for visiting acts. It has ramps which allow for entry and several bouncers controlling the flow of traffic, which is great because it can get pretty crowded. Between the main floor and the patio area if a bar and a large space to hang out and give your feet a break from all the dancing but the main hang out space is the patio which has a great view of adjacent buildings and the decor is beautiful. . . The boom box room is located one floor up from the main room and spins mostly hip-hop and R n' B so you can change up the feel of your night.. . anyway pretty good all around, just make sure to get into the main dancefloor if it gets too crowded cause the bouncers may block it off
Marquee is probably one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. Mainly because clubbing here is so much more than clubbing: it's a huge production. . . Night club: . Super popular DJ's (Avicii, Above and Beyond, Kaskade, etc), ridiculous lights, confetti cannons and disco balls. Unfortunately, the dance floor is small and gets crowded. Plus, the inside is super confusing. Mainly because my first time there I had a little too much fun at the pre-party, didn't realize the place was a circle, and basically walked in circles for 30 or so minutes before a friend stopped me. Whoops.. . Day club:. Really really hot waitresses walking around in tiny swim suits, guys that are more than willing to buy you drinks/invite you to their table/give you free drinks (all okay in my book), and girls that like to take their swimsuit tops off, get yelled at by servers to put their swim suit tops back on, and proceed to pout and whine because they weren't allowed to take their swimsuits off.. . Okay the last one only happened once, but it was hi-larious to watch.. . Trust me, if you come to Marquee either during the day or night, you will have an amazing time people watching, dancing, and enjoying good music.. . Make sure to get on a list. Girls are typically free but guys have to pay, just like all clubs in Vegas. Sorry boys, Vegas is the only place where women have a one up in the world. Deal with it.
Marquee is what all clubs should be. It's not so huge that you feel lost, but not so small  as to make you feel cramped like sardines. It's easy to move around even with a massive crowd dancing. Staff is cool, and a good mix in the crowd. There are even some hilarious patrons that I wonder how they got in, but they were feeling the beat so it was all good.. . Best spot in up next to the DJ, with his own table and bottles, and a great view over the dance floor all the way out to the back and outdoor area. There you can really take it in and understand why the top world DJs love to play here. The setting, sound system and take on the crowd make you feel on top of the world. They have the usual circles of tier 1 tables on the dance floor, the tier 2&3 which are further back and higher up, and some private ones above the DJ and dance area that are accessible only by VIP door access. Those give you a great overview of the floor below, and of the DJ too.. . Best club so far...
Main 4th floor has a surprisingly small dancefloor and easily hits capacity with any of the big name DJs. Has incredible lighting but strobes got pretty annoying with the particular tech that night. . . Club has a beautiful, spacious rooftop with full-volume DJ projecting, which effectively extends the club. Rooftop cabanas feature individual hot tubs with transparent glass doors - pretty amazing. XS currently boasts a better line-up of major house DJs, but Marquee has a more intimate feel with multiple floors featuring different music. Favorite was 3rd floor, which was spinning amazing hip-hop - DJ booth is located centrally on the floor, which is super fun to dance by. . . Staff is professional and run a tight operation. Promoter got our bachelorette party into the club no issues.
There is something for everyone at Marquee. It feels like several different clubs in one: The main nightclub, "The Library" upstairs, and "Boombox" downstairs. During the summer months they open the dance floor area of the nightclub to the pool lounge (aka Marquee Dayclub"). The pool area is a fantastic place to do bottle service in the club - definitely better than in the main area which can get a little cramped. The Library and Boombox also offer bottle service, and I have preferred both of those experiences over tables in the main club area.
This review is for the day club. . . We originally had a cabana for the Insomniac party on Sunday at Marquee Dayclub. However, when we arrived, we decided that we wanted a daybed so we swapped. The staff were super accommodating and made the change promptly, placing us right in front of one of the grand cabanas with an umbrella, near the stage.. . All in all, this was my favorite dayclub experience in Vegas, one that I wouldn't hesitate to pony up the cash for again. What made it so great? . . The staff. . . They were friendly, and super welcoming - from security on down to our amazing waitress, who waited on us hand and foot all afternoon long. . . The food! The food is amazing gourmet food that's a cut above what's available at other day parties around the city, and of course, you have access to the best alcohols available.. . - crabcake sliders: delicious, tender. . - guacamole: spicy and oh-so-delicious (really!) . . - chicken wrap: amazing. . - fries: perfection (although a tiny bit overdone). . All in all, it was an amazing afternoon. I loved it, and I can't wait to go back again, even though I have to wait a little while for my finances to recover - but it was totally worth it.
Marquee is very pretty. Let's just put it that way. I give it 4 stars because:. . - it has an outdoor pool. - there is a large outdoor area to take in fresh air and try to talk to people... try. . - It attracts all the top DJ's who perform quite a lot: ATB, Kaskade, Madeon, Benny Benassi, LMFAO, to name a few. If there is a desert tour for top DJ's you'd be sure that some will definitely play at Marquee because it's the place to be. So just save the "ugh Marquee is so overrated" and go to the club if you're into that music scene. . - I got in for free because my group had a contact, so that probably made up for a lot of the pain that other people complain about. . I want to complain about:. - worse than usual crowd control. I was literally in a can of sardines. . - smallest main dance floor ever for such amazing DJ's. WHY??? Only table service around it too. My friend and I were pushed by bouncers to keep walking even though I just wanted my few minutes of ATB. So lame. . - the bathroom. As per usual... girls really suck. . . Anyway, everyone has to go once at some point. It's Vegas.
I came here and FarEast Movement had a table here. . they also performed, so we lucked out. . the dance floor layouts are weird. . it's super crowded in the front, then in the other side, it's dead.  Which is fine because they have a bar there too. . The music is great. . I love the atmosphere here. . Fun crowd. . I always love a crowd that can party all night and not die out at 3 am like the other clubs in vegas
Dayclub and nightclub were great.  It is super pricey but hey it's Vegas.
I was here for the dayclub only.  So much fun.  We got there early because we decided not to get a cabana or day bed so we wanted to find a place to hang since there were 12 of us.  We got a spot poolside between tables.  Kaskade was performing for Memorial Day Weekend.  You can imagine it was super packed but even with it having been MDW, they did a good job of keeping things moving.  Bartenders were fast and you didn't have to wait too long for drinks.  Bathroom lines went super fast.  It was a lot of fun & def worth a visit if you're in Vegas!
If you plan ahead (ie buying tickets way in advance), getting in here and having fun is easy. It's difficult to get the bartenders' attention but they work in overdrive. I have never seen a group of bartenders pour drinks and race as fast these guys. I nearly thought they were competing for game show status. They'll get to you in no time.. . Everyone here is gorgeous. If that makes you feel uncomfortable like I was, I wore some sunglasses and sat in a corner. The energy level in this place makes you really excited that you are here. It helps to have Avicii being the DJ and everyone is jumping and partying through his entire set.
Marquee!!!!!!!!. Amazing customer service! and STAFF! . My friend got dehydrated and somehow lost her :( and one of the security went and looked for me and asked if i was Tin.. lol. Anyway they then escorted me to the back where my friend was sitting down bc she was dehydrated :(. we didnt drink too much... it has just been SUPER hot! . But they kindly took care of her and even offered to get us a cab... . . Thanks GUYS! :). . Because of that I shall yelp you guys out!. . i love MARQUEE and will def come back again!! . . . P.S great DJ's!. P.S.S book me as a dj sometimes! haha
My first time going here was on Party Rock Mondays and it was the Monday after EDC ended in Vegas, so naturally they called the "official closing party to EDC."  That was definitely no joke as I felt like it was like a mini version of EDC when I went.  But I'm not into EDM or dubstep a whole lot so the majority of the time, I was in the Boom Box (all hip-hop and R&B room).  I came in with one group and left with a completely different group but it's all good because I had a lot of fun once I found the latter group.  . . The Main Room was packed as normal.  The girl I was with, we tried to get in but security already blocked off entrance but we caught a glance of Red Foo from LMFAO.. . We went outside and there was a decent amount of people in the dayclub area and we got drinks there (Drinks are not cheap!  Be prepared!).  Overall had a lot of fun, but I'll be only going when it's free for locals so Marquee Mondays it is!
This is my second time at Marquee for the nightclub. First time was good, and this second time around, awesome! Once inside, a promoter offered my friends and I a free table for few hours and couple of free drinks. And since the group that was suppose to occupy that table never showed up, we had the table until we left the club. It's good to have a table here especially if you want a space to dance! There was workers cleaning our table and area very often, and also a bouncer guarding our table and remembered us every time we head back after going to the other dance floor. The only "bad" thing I can think of is that it can get super duper crowded (especially top 40s down stair) to the point you can't move around. You just have to look pretty bobbing around the same spot you're standing at. . . The club is huge with three levels. Main level being house music, bottom being top 40s...all with live djs. There's a pool area on the main floor and pools at the very bottom floor too. All the floors were very nice and pretty. The bars are easily accesible and drinks were pretty strong and quick. Oh yes, the bathroom is also pretty spacious and equipped with perfumes, quick fix items and flip flops for sale. . . It's definitely the hot spot and my favorite right now.
Now Im a local, so I kinda feel like I get a better experience than tourists sometimes. Plus Im a girl, local+girl=WIN.. . Although Ive only been here a few times Ive gotten a pretty good feel of the club. Its def better than most out there on the strip. You MUST get there around 830-9 if youre on the guestlist!! Otherwise you could be waiting for hours! My fave day is Party Rock Mondays!! Free drinks and neon, MAJOR WIN! Free admission for ladies and free drinks, what more could you ask for? The music here is always super good and the djs are sometimes the hottest edm ones out there.. . They are multi level, here they have a boombox room where they play hip hop and reggaeton. The downside of that AWESOME room is its HELLA hot and crowded! LIKE HELLA HOT, NO AC FEELING HOT! Lol. They also have this other room, which I forgot the name, but its more laxed and has pool tables and is usually a lot less crowded.. . The downside sometimes here is that they have hella stairs and if your tipsy boom goes drunkie! To you ladies in heels, yall are crazy but I commend you for doing it, Ive seen broads walking up and down the stairs in heels all drunk and did it gracefully! . . Sometimes they have in the bathroom an email signup for a free drink ticket! You know I be using all 3 of my emails! LOL. I know, Im cheap! But sheet, you can come here on an open bar night and only have to tip maybe 10$ all night. Where in Vegas can you do that!?. . Anyway, I will continue to come here as long as I can get some free drink action! LOL.
Oh how I wish these existed in Chicago..... . Came here on a Thursday afternoon of EDC week, my group had free admission due to it being included as part of a show later that night, but cover wasn't that expensive anyway from what I understood. Once inside, you could rent a locker but didn't have to, which was helpful to store stuff. There were common areas for you to kind of leave your stuff, and since there was a big group of us we went with that option. There were cabanas for purchase, however we went the bar route.. . The club itself is gorgeous, great views and a nice pool to relax and party in. There was ample room for everyone and a nice sized dance floor infront of the DJ booth. The EC Twins were playing, and they were dropping a damn good mix all day. Drink prices were pretty average by Vegas standards.. . The crowd looks good and parties hard, and people are pretty friendly all things considered.. . I'm only taking one star off because the water was a little on the disgusting side, but i suppose that is to be expected when a collection of drunk people are inside it all day. Can't wait to go back!
Great nightclub!  Thanks for a night I don't remember ;)
Nightclub only-. . Ibiza in Vegas? Not that I would know since Spain is half way across the world, but Marquee's house & trance crowd is still going pretty strong. Great sound system and stage with lots of pretty LED lights. Only downside here is the smallish main dance floor which gets super crowded and forces security to cut off people. You can still hear the music outside in the day club area but it's not the same. If you find yourself downstairs in the hip hop room at Marquee, you're probably doing it wrong but to each their own.. . Haven't had bottle service here yet but one sure way to skip the lines is to hop on the presales sold through their website, guy or girl. If they aren't at capacity, there's in and outs the back way by the Boulevard Pool, where presales enter.. . Don't miss Kaskade when he's spinning here, or any other top 100 DJ for that matter. The clubbing crowd can be a mixed bag of like minded music lovers to super douchey bro types. However, don't let that get you down, Vegas is still learning to embrace EDM.
I am pretty sure it would get 5 stars had we not had to climb 5 flights of stairs. BUT it's worth it. The club is awesome. There is room to dance and room to breathe, and even a place to play black jack if that's what you are looking for. I definitely recommend Marquee for a Friday night. . . There were 6 of us that were there, and all of us agreed that it was the best club we went to. You should add it to your list :-)
It's cool but I expected the #1 club in the US to blow my mind. My mind was not blown. But it's def nice. However, I wish the hip pop floor wasn't so crowded. The Library was cool and I thoroughly enjoyed the 90s music they played.
I went here for a private party during NAB, so my experience may vary.. . I had never been in a place like this before. Holy crap. It was pretty much the quintessential Vegas night club experience I would expect on TV.. . We took elevators to the top, which was nice. I know there were stairs on the way down, but uh...I barely remember those.. . The dance floor was pretty small, but the lounge areas around it (and throughout the club) are awesome. The pool area was amazing. The bartenders were incredibly friendly. DJ was great. Basically, I had a fantastic time here and I don't think I really explored the place to the fullest.
I've been to Marquee nightclub twice. And both times I had a good time with girlfriends. Being a group of girls we never had a problem with getting into the club or paying for cover. . . I enjoyed both the house and hip hop room. The downside to the club is how small the hip hop room. Its so packed in there you can't even dance. The other downside is the stairs, You have to walk up and down 5 flight of stairs just to get from one room to another. Really? What's the point of having elevators? When I wanna cool off and just get away from the packed rooms I hang out at the roof top area. (FYI drinks are much better on the roof top, and I feel like the drinks are bigger.) . . I think I prefer going to XS or Surrender.
I'll just repeat what everyone else says.... what the hell are all those stairs about?!??! My girl almost took a header trying to get to the Boombox room, and she hadn't even been drinking! Damn new shoes and effing STAIRS.. Regardless, Marquee is still an absolute dream...probably an exact replica of what I had always thought a Vegas club would be. Opulent, crowded and people everywhere you turn.... you're going to be claustraphobic, let's face it. Grab a drink and get over it. The screen in the main room will have you so mesmorized that you won't even notice the people around you until you inevitably have spilled drank all up in your heels. True story. Once you feel like you're about to have a seizure from the strobing lights, take a trip to the Boombox room, where you can get your thug life on, as I did. Never made it into the Library, but I suppose that just gives me a reason to go back, right? And considering how much fun I had and how I never stopped dancing, even when I was walking, I don't think I need a "reason" to go back... it's happening.
Very nice club! The only thing that killed the experience was the stairs, 1) I'm a fatass, 2) Stairs and heels, not a match made in heaven, hence the 4 stars.  I didn't stay too long, but I could've.  I was diggin the music in the 2 rooms I entered.  Drinks were priced at the regular high ass Vegas Strip price, nothing out of control, and the security and bartenders were all very nice! I got guest listed through a friend of a friend, ladies free, gentlemen $30 (not bad), and no line, so I can't complain.  The club wasn't too packed, just enough room to dance around like a fool.  It was a good first night in Vegas, I'd definitely do it again if I can get guest listed again.
We celebrated my friend's 40th bday here and had an awesome time. We had about 15 people and more kept coming as the beat goes on.   He got two tables services and the drinks kept coming.  Music was great.   We dance til the crack of dawn.  Left at 5:30AM and people were still partying strong.. . If you need a break, step out onto their patio, they have several gambling tables for ya.  Don't let them get you when you're buzz and drunk people!!
Marquee is Cosmo's XS. A little bit painful to go through with the multiple floors through stairs and elevators but nonetheless a great, fun club. This place packs a great crowd with a main dance floor that is not too big which gets insanely packed (one big room, full of bad...). There's also an outlet to the open pool area. Marquee and XS are the places to be if you can get in.
Purchased pre-sale tickets for $20 and didn't have to wait in line, just went right on in. It's a mission just getting to the club! Took the stairs and it was about 3-4 flights of stairs to take before actually getting to the club. Drinks $15 . . There are 3 levels: Boombox, Main Room & Library. . . Boombox plays top hip-hop and rap hits. It's really a war to get on the dance floor, but me and my cousins found a way to the back close the rail that divides the tables and dance floor. It was really fun in the beginning, everyone was dancing and we even meet some cool people. The night I went was the night that Lebron James, John Wall, Paul George, Dejuan Blair and Matt Leinart decided to come and get a table. So more and more people just flocked to the side where me and my cousins were to try and take a picture of Lebron and everyone else. It was insane how pushy everyone got just to get a picture. Honestly Lebron was so tucked away in the corner you can barely see him. And the DJ was no help telling everyone where Lebron was. Also the DJ repeated a lot of songs, he played "Don't Drop That Thun Thun Thun" about 4 times, within 3 hours! really bro?. . Main Room was all house music that night. The lights were flickering throughout the whole night, it was pure madness. You can barely see people because the lights are just flickering constantly. . . Library is at the top and is really chill. Has pool tables and limited seating. The music they were playing was mostly reggae. . . It was pretty fun and an amazing experience seeing the NBA players. Just didn't like the flights of stairs, it was a super workout and how the crowd became once the players entered the building.
This along with XS are my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. I would give this place five stars if it wasn't for the funky layout. Right when you enter you have to walk up this flight of stairs that will make you tired if you aren't moderately fit. . . The cool thing is that there are several floors that play different music, and a pool room that is more ofa lounge area to chill. More rooms means easier to find people as long as your have reception. When this place gets crowded though, get ready to fight through people since most of the floor space is not open grounds where you can just squeeze through people. . . Guys...be smart and buy your pre-sale. I know, I know...you're a cool guy with LOTS of girlfriends and you get in free to clubs ALL THE TIME...stop being an idiot and just buy a pre-sale. Now you don't have to be at the whim of the females and you can pretty much just walk into the club since the pre-sale line is pretty short. Also, the tickets are cheaper.
For all those standing in line that Friday night I hope ya got in because it was a raging night! The nightclub dj is constantly spinning the hottest tracks! Overly crowded, but the right music and some drinks will make you dance the night away. . . Reading other reviews wish we could of tried out the Dayclub, but just another reason to come back to Veags.. . Tip: if you're a lady find a promoter to get you in so you don't have to wait in that mile long of a line. As for your gentlemens, may luck be on your side!
First & Foremost: Guys, sorry I have no tips for you on avoiding the horrendous line other than buy pre-sale, but ladies find a promoter and get yourself on a guest list, you'll end up avoiding all lines. . . This club has three levels all accessed by means of stairs, pre-warning to the ladies with their given footwear. Added tip: Ladies you can buy flip flops in the bathroom for $10 bucks . The club has elevators but they were an aggravation factor in the sense they are not available for public use til sometime after midnight per a security guards answer (though and my reasoning for taking a star I never saw them run and was there til way beyond midnight). . . The second accessed floor is the Main Room. By 11pm expect pure madness on this level, the crowds have arrived is an understatement. Markus Schulz was bringing the house/trance fusion to this level the night I attended. It was crazy inside with people just standing on the DANCE floor trying to watch and then the people actually dancing, hey what a concept, ha sorry sarcasm got the best of me. The interior dance floor next to the main setup is rather small so having human pillars on the floor was a whole new challenge. This floor is probably most notable for the outside area. Pools lit up, alcohol all around, music bumping, plenty of bars, gambling, and great view of the strip. . . The top floor, if your feet aren't already killing you, I'm telling you ladies be warned or pray to the elevator gods they are running all night, or pick up some awesome sandals  - Library room. Is extremely small very limited. I didn't stay here long enough to even pay attention to the music, though I admit I loved the theme of the room, felt like I should have been in a red robe Hugh Hefner style with a stogie. . . If I had to do it all over again I would most likely reserve a table and let someone else stress my drinks. But I'll save that for next time.
What I really liked about Marquee was its indoor-outdoor layout.  Hanging out by the pool and cabanas was fun for people watching, and you could still hear the music coming from the main floor.  No dancing happens outside, however.  Inside, the rooms had great music playing.  The hip hop room was completely packed, and we literally could not move at all.  So much for dancing!  . I would agree with another reviewer that your best bet is to have a promoter get you on the guest list.  Even with the guest list, we had to wait in line for about 30 min. at around 10:15pm on a Saturday night.  Thankfully, we did not pay any cover.  Overall, it's a fun crowd and a good place to have a good time.
Great dayclub, I went here with several other fellows and got considerably drunk off of some fancy drinks that was part of our bottle service. Although it sure as hell ate the money out of my wallet, this party was absolutely incredible.. . The pool was crazy. Girls are dancing all over the place. There are even miniature mobile islands in the middle of the pool where girls can go and dance. When the party got going and everyone was considerably drunk, there was just pure mayhem, splashing, and dancing going on. . . Poolside bottle service, gambling tables in the back, and several bars around the day club makes this place very accommodating and amazing if you are looking to have fun and spend money along the way. . . Quick note: They don't allow any bags in, so don't plan on bringing any unless you want to blow $20+ on a locker. . . Rick Ross - B.M.F
I have mixed thoughts on this place. . . We were excited to check this place out because we heard it was the spot where everyone goes.  In that respect, it didn't disappoint.  The place was packed and fun as hell.  The beach balls flying around was awesome and made for a good time.  The pool was a little shallow, but not the end of the world.  I thought the clear tables for girls to dance on was a nice touch.. . What I didn't like was all of the rules.  When we got there, we were told that our friend couldn't go in because he was wearing a wife beater/tank top.  It's not like he wasn't going to just immediately take it off, so I'm not sure what the issue was.  Instead, he had to go and buy a crappy $30 shirt from the hotel just to be allowed in.  I was wearing a sleeveless shirt, but somehow that was okay.  Next, we were told that there are no bags allowed into the pool area.  We had to fork out another $20 for a locker to store our bags.  Again, that seemed kinda inconvenient.  The next thing was the "Pool Nazi" who walked around the pool telling you that you could only have your drinks outside of the pool.  Do they not realize how much piss and other bodily fluids are already in this pool?!?!?!  Is there a difference between somebody spilling some of their $10 Miller Lite and somebody pissing in the pool?  I really don't think so!  Lastly, there was a European guy there wearing a speedo.  They came up to him and made him leave the pool and buy some shorts because his swimsuit was too short.  I felt bad for the dude.  The suit wasn't that uncommon for a European guy, but I guess these folks just couldn't stand for that.. . All in all, I had a great time though.  I would've given this place 5 stars, but I felt that they take themselves way too seriously in respect to all of their rules/regulations.  If I could've combined Ditch Fridays @ the Palms rules with this location/atmosphere it would've been the absolute perfect time.
I've visited 2x in one month and still want to go back to Marquee. Both times were at night and both times were a blast. . . Getting in:. Plan ahead. figure out your vegas hookup and utilize. I wish i could be more helpful here but we were a bachelorette party one night and i dont know how the guys we met the other night got us in (greased the door? it was past midnight?). Anyways, have a plan. We arrived by 10 and though it was a little slow inside it's worth it to come early to make the process super smooth. escorted in, and the best part was our elevator ride. The man, holding the door open was bouncing with a little head nod singing "to the back of the elevata.. to the back of the elevata" and as the doors closed he changed to "it's a party in the elevata.. party in the elevata".. then he gives us the run-down of the club and as the doors open he closes with "ya gotta dance of the elevata.. dance off the elevata".. yes you had to be there, but it's worth describing one of my favorite moments of Vegas: in a dimly lit elevator laughing and dancing  with the Marquee guy. . . Atmosphere:. Huge. (that's what she said). We tried exploring the whole place but with all the up and down unmarked stairwells we quickly got disinterested and went back to the main floor w/ an indoor dance floor and outdoor pool-side lounge area. It's a little warm outside for my taste but my friends who get cold easily loved it soi just knocked back a few ice-cold jack and cokes and strolled around the pool w/ them. Point being: there's something for everyone here. . . Crowd:. Crowd is what you make of it. All the girls i've met here are super fun and nice and sweet (I mean, most of them are w/ a bachelorette party and celebrating something fun so you'd hope they'd be friendly). My friends would tell you if there's a fight to be found at a club, i'll find it (no, i've never actually fought anyone. i just put my foot in my mouth a lot) anyways. no catty ladies here. Women will take photos of you w/ your friends and then tell you you look great (be sure to reciprocate!!)  Guys range. from fun and utterly charming to self-absorbed, d-bag reminders that chivalry is dead. . . Stating the obvious:.  Dancing on the designated dance floor at Vegas clubs is pointless unless you like a bumper-car version of dancing.. . Drinks are not cheap. either find the guys w/ bottle service that WANT to share, or pony up at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere that comes with your beverage.. Every bachelorette and her mom is here on a saturday night.. . great spot. great hotel. great time.
For the second of our friend's bachelor party we decided to go all out with the table service and everything. We got an outside table and it was amazing. Our table had an amazing view of the strip as well.. . It was kind of far away from the dance floor inside and I wish there was one outside as well. The main dance floor gets very packed and bouncers pretty much direct you to the sides in order to get into it. The other floors also get very packed, especially below the main floor in the hip hop room. That place is small and gets really stuffy.. . Our waitress Brittany was awesome. Super fun to be around, she got us all excited for night and was very helpful in getting us what we wanted. Even though I think some of us got a little 'touchy' with her when drinking too much. She was very gracious with us.. . I'd definitely recommend coming here. Energy is great and people are generally pretty nice.
To make this review a little easier, I'll break the day and night club up.. . Nightclub:. . It's not the greatest nighclub on the strip but its decent. They have a pool that looks pretty but nothing like XS. It's really hard to get a drink at the bar. The dance floor is kind of strange and hard to find a place to boogie. Not very memorable and got really uncomfortably crowded that the group just ended up bouncing.. . Dayclub:. . I'm a fan! It really helps to be on the guestlist or just know someone who can help get you in.  If not, get there EARLY because the line gets RIDICULOUS after 11AM. Luckily for my group, we've been able to get in pretty easily and avoid the long wait. There are places along the edge of the pool to park your bikini bottoms down (or trunks...or speedos...) and hang out. The pool feels amazing in the blazing heat. It's very easy to get drinks (~$10) and they open the inside of the club so you don't have to be stuck melting outside. Bartenders are sexy and super friendly. They were also selling poolside popsicles that we dipped and broke into our drinks and made vodka smoothies with.. . OK STORY TIME!. . We found a great spot to hang out (near the waterfall under the shade) and got ourselves situated, unaware of the sex show that was about to commence behind us on the cabana. Why there were some butter faced girls humping each other and purposely exposing their tatas was beyond me, but I'll bet it began with TE and ended with KILLA. But hey, maybe you'll get lucky next time and run into these girls.. . The end.
Made my return to this spot for my 4th of July Birthday weeknd and was really pleased with everything this time. Me and my friends came here on a Saturday Night this time instead of a Monday. The door man did not give us any trouble this time around although I asked him to play a little joke on my boy (denying him entry bc his ID was suspect lol) got a good laugh out of it too.. . . Once again there were beautiful women all around this establishment. In my opinion out of all the clubs I have been to in Vegas Marquee seems to have the prettiest women. Some were Stuck Up (As Expected) and some were Mad cool.. Got a few women that thought I was a Taye Diggs/NeYo look alike when I smile or have a cretan look in my face which I've heard before so it wasn't a real shock to me. But they were good fun to hang with and they bought me shots due to the fact I was a 4th of July baby. . . I also came back here bc when I came here last year the Hip-Hop Room wasn't open due to the fact we came on a Monday. This time it was open and it was DUMB crackin in there and hella packed just like the Main Room. With all the music I was accustomed to back home in the Bay Area. . . But yea great service, no drama, good conversations, dancing with women and good drunk birthday fun. I just wish they made the dance floors bigger tho and  that I had Bottle Service so I can feel cooler haha. And Yes once again I felt like I was in L.A, Miami, Vegas all at once, but this time I wasn't on drugs lol
After hearing mixed reviews about Marquee I wanted to check it out for myself. Personally, I thought it was a great club with plenty of areas to dance and get a drink without having to wait at all. Honestly, I don't remember half the night, but from what I do remember, I had an excellent time! Let's be honest here...pretty much everyone is in Vegas to have a good time so you don't have to worry about too many stuck up people or getting into any fights. So check out Marquee for yourself and dance the night away! . . *Drinks are usual price for a Vegas club: Average per drink is around $17+ tip. . . I also heard the day club was very good so that's where I'm headed the next time I'm in Vegas!!
Day club: five stars. . Night club: three stars. . Average of the two: four stars. . The night club was my first experience. The lines are way too long, the club itself is way too big, and there's literally NO WHERE to sit unless you buy bottle service and a table. And leaving at the end of the night?? Horrendous. It's a maze inside.. . The day club on the other hand is SO much fun. We bought a daybed, and it comes with a line of credit--we had $750 to spend on all we wanted for food and drinks. It goes FAR. All while being able to have a place to set your stuff, next to the pool, in front of the DJ who was awesome. It was really a GREAT time. So much better than at night.
So my husband and I always run into the most random circumstances and we met some cool people outside this club, shared a bottle of jager, and then got invited to their VIP cabana next to the pool. The club honestly wasn't amazing, it was over packed, lots of bumping into people. Nonetheless the music was good, dj vice was spinning and there are 3 rooms with different types of music in each. For guys I didn't see as many gorgeous girls as I have in other clubs not to hate but the level of quality women was a little low...lol. But we had belvedere and plenty of mixers and tons of really nice people to chill with. Shout out to the sweet girl from mo val I met in the bathroom who has a little girl too! When we did go to the bar when the bottles ran out the bartender was super sweet and a well shot of vodka to pour into our juice cup was $12, so typical Vegas pricing. Good overall vibe here.
The girlfriend and I are not avid clubgoers.  However, we love the Cosmopolitan and we'd heard good things about Marquee.  We had a pair of VIP passes to get into Marquee on the Monday night that we were in town, so in the interest of science and the spirit of adventure, we decided to check it out.  The cover charge is $20 per head on Monday nights.  I can't say with any certainty, but probably most of the people in the club on this particular night didn't pay this price.  The front of house staff and security were all business, but professional.  Of course, we were there relatively early in evening so, perhaps, the buffoonery doesn't start until later in the night/morning.   . . The club is a large, sprawling, multi-floored mecca of thumping beats and bodies in motion.  Each of the floors has a different theme/vibe with hip-hop downstairs, a chill library/billiard room upstairs, the main room/dance floor with the dj and gyrating go-go dancers, and a beautiful pool area with private cabanas and a more relaxed feel.  From an aesthetic perspective, Marquee Nightclub looked classy and pretty damn impressive!  From an aural perspective, Marquee sounded and felt impressive as you could feel the driving bass give you a sonic beat down!  Drinks, as to be expected, weren't cheap.  My gin & tonic was a steep $15, but to her credit, the bartender made it stiff one.  Marquee also has blackjack tables on near the pool area with comped drinks, made with the same strong pours, for players.  As luck would have it, a nice little run at the tables made for a very cheap night out at Marquee.  . . Marquee does what it does very well.  I can't speak to what the place is like on the weekends, but I think I definitely prefer the Monday night scene, which seemed more geared to the locals than how I imagine the weekend would be when it's overrun by out of towners.  In truth, Marquee is exactly how I pictured a Vegas nightclub should be.
First I'll have to say that XS at Encore has always been my favorite club in the world but there has been so much hype about Marquee that I was dying to go check it out.  So a girlfriend and I went on a Saturday night at around 12:30, trying our luck to get in.   We didn't know anybody and we had no guest list.  Needless to say the club was packed with people inside and out when we got there.  We went straight to the general admission line without talking to anybody and started lining up.  The line was huge and we were a bit worried about not being able to get in but then it was actually moving so it wasn't so bad.  Although there's actually a bouncer at the end of the general admission line as well checking you out before you're even allowed to line up.  We saw a group of guys got rejected trying to get in line.. . So we were just lining up, minding our own business and then something interesting happened.  A bouncer came up to us and asked us how many people are in our party, while we were still in the MIDDLE of the line.  We told him there's just the two of us, and then the guy turned around and started texting on his iPhone and 5 minutes later, the came up to us again and told us that he has a client with a main booth by the dance floor, right by the DJ booth and is wondering if we'd like to join them.  He said he'll personally walk us in and take care of everything for us.  This came as a total surprise but we thought "Hey, once we're in, we're in.  If they happen to be creeps then we'll just go to the bathroom and not come back."  So we accepted the proposition.. . Having noidea what to expect, the velvet rope was lifted and then the bouncer took us right through the crowd into the club elevator and off we go into the main floor.  He took us to the booth and to our surprise it was a nice group of very friendly guys and girls. One of the girls was very nice and she came right up to us and introduced herself and told us that it's her brother's birthday and would like him to have a good time so she asked the bouncer to bring over something pretty girls (aww... thanks!).  So we hung out, have a few drinks, danced, talked... and then it was time to say goodbye.  . . It was our first time at the club so we'd really want to explore and walk around.  The club was jammed packed with people.  The main dance floor was impossible to get in, and the pool area is beautiful but the pool water looked very murky that night it was kind of gross.  We got ourselves a glass of champagne ($15) and walked around and there were plenty of friendly (drunk) guys asking us to join them at their booths.  There are people dancing everywhere, the energy was great.  We had fun and we headed home.. . Marquee is a great club with good energy and a good mixed crowd.  Lots of Asians, myself included, but also quite a bit of Europeans and good ol' Americans.  It's a great club to go crazy, or just to chill and people watch, but set your expectations right - you'll probably have to go through a bit of stress getting in, and there'll probably be a steep cover charge and drinks are starting at $15.. . Overall, I'm still going to give my love to XS, my all time favorite.  However if I'm spending a weekend in Vegas and I'm spending a couple nights at a club, Marquee is now added to my "must do" list, just under XS =)
We went to the nightclub. Staff here was reallynice. Compared to most vegas clubs, this place was pretty awesome. The music was good, the drinks were strong, and the crowd wasnt bad at all. The only thing I did not like is that you have to take elevators to get into the club and I dont know if it was because I had been drinking etc but I felt like it would be difficult to leave in a hurry or in an emergency. But thats just me not liking inaccessible crowded spaces.. I cant stand this hotel but this club is definitely worth a visit.
I hate clubs. I don't dance, and I don't know any of the DJs here, or anywhere, for that matter. But, I thought this place was pretty damn good. The music was fantastic, and I can see why people like it there. . . Even if you're not into the music inside, the lounge area outside (yes, it's hot in the evening as well) is pretty good.. . The staff we encountered were all extremely friendly and helpful, even the elevator attendants.. . Though the group I was with didn't have any problems, it looked like it might be a bit of a pain to get into this place. It's obviously popular, but the wait looked pretty bad sometimes. Well worth it though once you do get in.
[This review is for the nightclub.]  . . Marquee Nightclub is hyped as the current 'it' club in Vegas, and for the most part, if you're willing to get through some of the pretty annoying parts of it, it lives up to it's title.  . . A couple nice things about the club include three different floors with different music playing on each, a pretty big outdoor patio area with a casino, and a relatively excited crowd there to celebrate.  The sets themselves are pretty extravagant too and dancing there with gogo dancers dressed in different garb, confetti, mist, and glowing tube sticks all add up to a pretty unique experience that I've never had until Marquee.  . . A couple things to note - there is an elevator (two?) that will help take you up and down the floors.  However, with how packed the club usually is on weekends, it's best to take the stairs on the side to go up and down so do expect some climbing.  Speaking of the crowd, with an excited crowd comes popularity and with popularity comes overcrowded areas.  If you want to really dance, try to get to the dance floor as early as possible.  Bouncers start to block off people from entering the main dance areas when it's deemed 'overcrowded' and will randomly let people in at times when they feel it's right so be like a hawk and try to aim at the right moment.  . . As always with these popular clubs, getting on the guestlist is a 'must' for a Saturday night along with getting to the club early (even getting there around 10:30PM will probably force you to wait for about an hour).  Don't expect to get in anytime soon if you arrive late and aren't on some list.  (I'd mention expensive drink prices but really, that shouldn't be much of a surprise.)  . . So again, if you love some spectacle DJ sets, a choice in music floors, and a great crowd beside you and you're willing to put up with some annoying parts, Marquee is a great nightclub.
Prepare for a fun crazy night and if you are going with a bunch of people, make sure that they have their phones on because there are several levels to this place and it's easy to get separated. . . BEST NIGHTS TO GO: Monday, Friday & Saturday. You have more celebrity hosts & performances on these nights. Monday nights is a better mix of tourist and locals. Me and the girls had such a blast here when we went on a Monday night.. . LOCATION: 2nd Floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. . LINE:  Opens 10:30pm. General Admission tends to be the right line and table check ins on the left. Don't hesitate to ask someone that works there to make sure you are on the right line. . WAIT TIMES: 45min-3 hours (Fri, Sat & Mondays) Quicker on Sundays. Best time to arrive by 10pm to avoid a long wait that can kill your buzz fast. . . DRESS CODE: Play it safe, don't wear any sportswear. Wear nicer shoes gentleman and come in wearing a collared shirt/ or sport coat.. . DRINKS: Mixed Drinks Start $15, Beers $8, Shots $8 Table Service Bottles starts at $475. Lots of bars/areas to get your shots going.. . TABLES: Most people i've talked to prefer mostly booking a table in the main room where most celebrity dj's play at. The library is more intimate, has pool table and the Boombox below has different music/vibe. I enjoy the Main Room the most every time i've been there. . . ENTRY: $30-$50 (Women $20). . **If you buy pre sale tickets, ticket holders will not go in through the General Admission lines but ticket holders will enter through a separate entrance which is usually much faster. For bigger events this is usually prefferable than the later.. . Sign up for guest list here:. http://www.marqueelasvegas.com/guest-list/. . Pre-sale tickets here:. http://www.marqueelasvegas.com/events/. . *Had the most fun the last time I was there taking out my Japanese exchange students. lol! They were really impressed with the place. We ended up getting a wristband from someone that allowed us free drinks until midnight, and getting fun freebies getting thrown to the crowd in the main room while confetti was flying everywhere. haha! I minus 1star  because of the layout & lots of stairs that tired feet in high heeled shoes can't take. lol
Came here to see Kaskade on opening night, and as expected, it was cray. The show (for the parts we could stand to be in there) was way worth it - over the top and very Vegas. Also enjoyed the Boom Box for their old school hip hop jams and NBA players.
I've been to more clubs than one would like to admit and Marquee was beyond belief of my imagination. Yes, the dance floor was obnoxiously overpacked but why would you go to a club where it's empty? I partied like a rock star and I felt like to rock star being there. Beautiful 4 story clubs with the access of indoor and outdoor and also we were able to sit at the abandoned reserved table with the set of swing when we needed to cool off from the dance floor (Be nice to the bouncers). It is impossible to describe how beautiful the venue and the stage set up was (Gogo Dancers popping out randomly above the DJ?!?). For those who immediately get irritated by just looking at the crowded dance floor, just walk over to a bar and ask them for a shot or two. This is a true vegas experience that everyone should experience. . . p.s contact Sugan Lagers tohook you up with the guestlist. Guys had to pay $50.00 but girls got in for free and all 6 of us did not have to wait even one minute; UNHEARD of in the popular vegas clubs. Susan not only got us in without any issues and also followed up to make sure my party had a good time!
Mrs M. and myself decided to make ourselves feel old by mingling with the young ultra chic crowd at the Marquee on our visit to Vegas last month. We opted for the pool party on a Saturday afternoon, so we donned our suits, which we knew wouldn't get wet and headed on over the Marquee.. Thankfully I have a friend who got us on the VIP list so we didn't need to stand in line, but instead were ushered right to the elevator to the roof deck after checking in. Boy did we feel fancy and hip! Upon arrival to the roof deck, we were ushered past another check in at the bottom of the stairs and then again at the top. Good thing as I wouldn't have stayed in line too long and would have backed out for sure, I'm actually not sure how you young-ins do it to be honest with you.. The pool area is really nice, the cabana's that surround it are really cool, especially those with the glass front hot tubs. I'm not that baller though so we just camped out by the bar and took in the sights while enjoying a few drinks. They're pricey here, my beer was 10 dollars and wifeys red wine was 13. Truthfully, I don't think anyone here is worrying about how much they're spending though.. The pool was really funny as everyone was so packed in you couldn't even move, but everyone seemed to enjoy it a lot and was in full on party mode. One thing I found odd was that people were ordering plates of food and they were sitting poolside in the sun which was a little gross to me.. DJ Scotty played that day and did a great job of getting the crowd going, the music was fantastic and had me bobbing up and down to the beat.. They also had Blackjack tables with a 50 dollar minimum if you felt the need to gamble a little.. All in all, I had a great time.I half expected to feel really out of place being 40 and everyone else is basically half my age. That wasn't the case, everyone was just having a good time, myself and my wife included. I also expected the bartenders to give me the brush off or make me wait since I'm not one of the beautiful people, but our bartender was attentive and fast to pop me a new beer when I needed one.. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be coming back to checkout the nightclub.
Saw Kaskade here for the second time recently.  Awesome!  Even discovered there was more than one room!  Great place, the crowd ate my phone tho..
I've been here 3 times and actually had good experiences. Here are my tips for enjoying this club (for ladies): . . --Walk around the strip during the day looking cute and a promoter will approach you. If they don't work for Marquee, ask them if they know someone who does (and they will). Contact this person and get on the list **this only applies if you are with all girls. . --Eat an early dinner, pregame in your hotel, and arrive early (before 10:30). You will be escorted in free, no line or waiting. . --Bring a flask with you if necessary to maintain your buzz throughout the night. . --Go directly up to the pool area (the top) and hang out there. It doesn't get crowded and there tends to be nice, cool people hanging around this area. All other parts of this club are completely packed. . . works every time!
"A Cheapskate's Guide to Having a Kickass Time at Marquee NIghtclub". . Who says that you need to be filthy rich, a celebrity VIP, or attached to a group of skankily-dressed girls in order to waltz into what is (supposedly) the hottest nightclub in the USA right now?  I'm a nobody, but they let me into Marquee -- and I had a blast!  Here are my tips:. . 1.  BE A HOTEL GUEST.  Assuming there isn't some special event going on, Cosmopolitan hotel guests don't pay cover (which, in the case of guys, is upwards of $50).  Hotel guests even have their own line, which means only 5 minutes of waiting instead of the usual 2+ hours.  That's all it took for me to move past the velvet rope.  (It also helps to be super polite to the bouncers and door staff.  They're used to self-entitled douchebags throwing money around, so a simple "please" and "thank you" will go a long way.). . 2.  PREPARTY APPROPRIATELY.  In my case, it was a Yelp event down the street.  In your case, it may be vodka in your room or a cocktail in the Chandelier bar (conveniently located across from the Marquee entrance).  Anything to avoid paying for $20 well drinks inside the nightclub.. . 3.  FIND A LIQUOR REP.  Speaking of avoiding overpriced drinks -- it turns out that many Vegas nightclubs have reps from beverage companies giving out freebies of new booze that they're trying to market.  Look for these people, be friendly to them, and tip them a lot!  The night I was there, Asahi beer reps were giving out free bottles, and girls in short skirts were carrying trays of free vodka cocktails.  Good times!. . 4.  WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES.  Marquee is a gorgeous venue, but it's enormous and spread out over several levels.  I was lucky enough to be whisked up to the club via elevator, but latecomers have to walk up some 4-5 flights of stairs.  On the main level, there is the main room with a dancefloor, the pool/dayclub/cabana area, as well as the smaller Boombox room.  Up even higher is the Library (my personal favorite), with a more eclectic music selection and stylish decor.. . 5.  MEET OODLES OF CRAZY BRAZILIANS AND AUSTRALIANS.  Vegas nightclubs are especially popular with international tourists -- and Marquee is no exception.  Foreigners are especially keen on meeting Americans, drinking with Americans, dancing with Americans, and then proceeding to make out with Americans.  Take advantage of this... if you dare.. . 6.  DANCE SO MUCH THAT YOU FORGET HOW MUCH YOU WANT TO SIT.  It's true that there's nowhere to sit in Marquee unless you're dropping thousands of dollars on table service.  Screw sitting down -- that's for wimps anyway.  I recommend that you stay standing -- and dance the night away instead.  :-)
Now time for the dayclub after I already reviewed the nightclub. Dayclub is just as fun, but definitely way smaller since they only open the upstair pool and part of the inside. It's pretty much free for ladies and about $40 for guys. There's only one pool so it was super crowded but enough space to bounce up and down to the awesome music. They don't allow drinks at the center of the pool, and patrols will come up and tell you to go to the side. BUT seriously, don't take your drink to the middle of the pool--people there splash water like crazy. I don't think chlorine and salty body-ful water taste good. In fact, some water got splashed into my eyes and they sting like no others. . . Oh yes for the guys, don't wear wife beater and try to get in.  I don't see the difference between a wife beater and a man-tank but yes, you're going to have to go to that fancy store at the corner and buy a $20 tank top if you want to get back in line.
Marquee is seriously one of the best clubs in vegas. Great music, great crowd. I guess the only drawbacks of Marquee are the high priced drinks. I think i spent $20 on a vodka redbull, and it does get really packed. Must visit for any EDM fan.
Tao has been my favorite nightclub in Vegas for a while (Always a Happy Ending) but I think Marquee might be my new favorite club.  At 63,000 square feet with 5 floors, outside patio areas this is the second largest night club in the world! I love how the different floors had different vibes and music. We found the floors that played hip-hop and stuck to those. . . Tip #1: Ladies there is no need for you to stand in line or pay to get into any nightclub in Vegas. Just visit the club during the day to get on the guestlist and arrive early (before 10). My friends and I went to Marquee on a Friday night, was on the list and entered the club through the ladies line located on the 4th floor of the Cosmopolitan.  No wait - you get stamped and can leave and reenter anytime after that.  . . Tip #2: Pregame! Drinks at Marquee are $14.
After 5 people I encountered, including a black jack dealer at the Bellagio and a manager for Marquee, asked me if I was going to Marquee that night I figured I had to give it a shot. As I was on the guest list with a plus one, we didn't wait in line or pay cover. Sweet.. . After walking through all the floors we managed to settle on the largest "2nd" floor. Tables surround the dancefloor and outside is a pool area. We met up with some friends who had an awesome table not far from the DJ booth where Hardwell managed to rock my face off.. . Downstairs is a hip hop room, much smaller and really crowded. Upstairs an area with seating for talking, 'the library". Can't say much about the bar, it looked crowded from my vantage point atop the couch I was dancing on. No idea about the restrooms either.  . . Great Monday night party. Had to rush out so as to not miss my flight but I'm sure I'll rage here again soon.
Kinda pricey and super crowded which usually isn't my thing, but the place is really big and really caters to different needs. I had a blast there with my boyfriend and totally appreciated the flashes of cold air. No room to really dance on the main floor on a Sat night.. But who cares! I totally had a blast!. I took stars out for price ($50 for him and $20 for me, ladies were free before midnight)
3 stars for the night club . Came here the first night my friends and I arrived in Vegas. Since we were staying at the Elara hotel, we literally just had to walk across the bridge and boom! There it is. As a first time in Vegas, I was highly anticipating to get in here. Clubs in Vegas are so glam, so posh, so ME. This club is pretty confusing because you have to go through all these escalators/elevators to before getting into the actual club! Get a promoter.... but then you should already know that because otherwise you can't get in anywhere! . So we were on guest list and we got in. The very top floor (where the pool is located) plays house/edm music and the second floor plays hip hop. There are tons of tables with bottle service and this place makes pretty good drinks! The hip hop floor is sort of small though...that's the only negative. And I prefer hip hop over house music so not having a big dance floor made me not want to dance. . . 4 stars for the day club . MUCH MUCH better. Ok the day pool party played all house music, but with the pool and it being a day party, it was all good. Never been to a day pool party like this and I had such an AMAZING time! The slushy drinks you buy by the pitcher is soooo good! Doesn't even taste like there is hella alcohol in it but there defs is! The pool is honestly looks like an STD pool. There is seriously so many people in that pool it's so gross....BUT! I went in anyway because I was trying to party! The water was so murky....... but it was so chill I tried not to think about it. . . Day club at Marquee over Night club at Marquee any day!
I actually had a great time here at Marquee, despite losing a toe nail! Dirty South did us so dirty that night.... . My friends and I arrived here at 10:15pm on the guest list. We had no problems with the bouncers, security, or lines. We waited probably 15 minutes at most and was inside no problem. Stairs? Forget about it! Those days are gone. You get the elevator treatment. And the man working in the elevator that night, genius. Friendly and makes you feel like you're going to have a great night already.. . Arrived early enough to find the photo "booth" area to take pictures and get complimentary drinks for the ladies. I love the decor and the special effects they have. Confetti cannon? Check! Puff of cold air? Check! Bubbles everywhere? Check! It's a gorgeous view from afar and an amazing feel up front.. . The only issue I have with this place is the limited dance floor space. It gets very very very tight, to the point where someone pushed me up against someone else. Packed like sardines. That's how I lost my pinky toe nail here... What I have noticed that sets Marquee apart from XS and Surrender is the crowd. There are more older men here than at XS or Surrender. "Older" meaning late 30s to mid 40s. Tables can run from $5,000 to $10,000 to $15,000. It's just all about the placement. But if I had a massive amount of money to burn, the $15,000 tables are beautiful! I was lucky enough to settle my butt down at each of these tables.. . Overall, might be one of my favorite clubs as of now! I just hope they don't further disappoint in the future! The trick is: get here early, get on a guest list, pregame in the car, and find a pair of steel-toed shoes.
Marquee is an incredible club. It's sheer size is impressive with awesome light shows. It's so big that you can feel kinda lost, actually. We waited 1 and a half hours to get in, which was upsetting, but we heard good things so decided to check it out. I didn't know the DJ. The dance floor was impossible to stand for more than 10 minutes (too many ppl) and the drinks were extremely expensive. I suggest you pregame. They only play techno, so if you don't like constant pounding beats, this place is not for you. I would come back but wouldn't make it my go-to place. It's worth checking out at least once though.
I really had a great time there! Love the outdoor pool area! Their Party Rock Mondays are soo fun!
Holy batman! line up. . . overall it was fun! Luckily, my girls and I waited for 30 mins to get in, used the elevator, paid $20 per cover, meet random people, and buzzed out.  PS. Thanks to the bouncers who got us in quickly. Big love. . . totally enjoyed my first time experience in Vegas.
Big ass club !!! Love the DJ LINE UP !!! the place to be in LAs VEGAS for party !! just the line is ridiculous.... Better have a table
Good crowd, nice upscale environment, quick service inside.... If you can even get in. The line outside is ridiculously lengthy and they hardly take care of moving it along. While the crowd and service is nice inside, it's overpacked no matter when you go and they'll shut you out of the dance floor if it gets overcrowded (which it always does). I'd rather be somewhere that I have some space but overall it's a pretty fun place to be
Fun club with different levels and music. It has a great atmosphere and tons of beautiful people. It does get very crowded though and I felt very claustrophobic in the hip hop room. Over all I'd visit again.
Short Review:. I've probably been here over 20 times in my life time so the excitement of this club is gone for me.. -Free for locals on Mondays.. -Has a dayclub/nightclub with major EDM artists that play here regularly.. If you haven't been here at least visit this place ONCE in your life time. -Ladies be warned! You're going to have to walk down/up some stairs whether you're leaving or re-entering (you take the elevator going in from the entrance) so make a sound judgement before you wear your high heels.  Ive seen many barefoot Asian girls running around after the club.
I've been here several times this year and it's always a good time! There are multiple floors, each with it's own theme of music so there should be something for everyone. Everytime I've gone it's packed even as a day club.
dayclub. . it was fun however i thought it would  be bigger, but it was fun cause most people  were nice, drinks were eh... preparty always in vegas but we got the hook up and some dude gave us his table or whatevers, which was right where the pool was, so that was really cool!, . . water was warm kind of gross so i stepped out and just danced on the edge of the pool, under the umbrella, summer heat and drinking, for sure no bueno.  for sure check it out, if not then go to encore beach club i like that one a bit more
I think the Cosmo and Marquee are just beautiful. I love the lighting and decor. . . Come on.. for a club trying to attract beautiful girls (& the guys who are going to spend cash money to spend time with them) its not the smartest idea to have flights of stairs necessary to get anywhere in the club. . . This club is one of the larger, but many people might not know because of the confusing layout. . . The main room has some of the best Electronic and House artists regularly. The problem is that sometimes the music can get a little boring if you are trying to dance, but that doesn't really matter because when someone popular is performing, you are sandwiched between strangers and have no room to move and dance anyway. . . The pool area is great to get a fresh of fresh air, and some much needed personal space. The lighting and waterfall are lovely, and great for ladies looking for photo ops! . . I love the photo booth out by the pool! Its free to send the photos to your email.
A club is a club is a club, but even for this jaded Houstonian, I was impressed. There's a boatload of stuff going on in Marquee. In terms of Houstonian comparisons: the poolside ambiance from Monnalisa, the electro/house action of Red Door, the swankiness of a place like Manor, and the occasional d-baggery of a place like Ei8ht. There's really nothing quite like it.. . Overall, it was an enjoyable if costly experience, and something I'm glad to have done once but will probably never actively try to do again. Here's our night in a nutshell, for those doing similar planning.. . Bottle service for a table of 8 guys was a 3 bottle minimum, with bottles around $500. Add in tax, gratuity and extra drinks and we hit 2 grand easy.. . The sales rep strongly recommended getting there by 10:30. There's a separate line for table service, but that apparently gets long too. Also, tables are taken as parties come unless you've got that special pull. Our sales rep called back the morning of the day of, which I thoughtwas respectable.. . Half our party arrived a little before 10:30, and we waited for a few stragglers. No issues getting in, and the name-check / deposit process was actually quite easy. Getting to our table was an experience straight out of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion, as we went into an elevator and navigated a couple hallways and stairs. I'm frankly surprised we didn't end up in some plush, movable black seats ready to become ghost hunters.. . The club was plenty packed as we made our way to our table, which ended up being outside by the pool area. I assume the in-room tables are more prized, but I liked the outdoor atmosphere, far enough away from the music to hear each other talk and cool enough to feel the breeze. Yes, I'm sure I sound like an old fogey.. . We toured the area at various times. I think I made it to two different floors, but judging from the reviews I don't think I ever ventured to the third venue. The pool is situated just outside the House room, and we also stumbled upon the Top 40 room as well. Poolside was honestly my favorite location in the club, for the old fogey reasons mentioned above.. . No complaints at all about the service, which was efficient and well-done. Our hostess came around enough times to ensure we were sufficiently stocked and having a good time. A manager also stopped by to check on us at some point in the night.. . Hmm, what else? Dress is fancy, obviously. Club stayed packed the entire time we were there (til 3-ish). There are gambling tables set up in the club for the addicts. Dance floors looked small, but apparently some big name DJs play here. Really close to Secret Pizza which is straight money.
Went to Marquee last Saturday and it was crazy packed! I love that they have a bunch of rooms that play different music. I just wish their library room was a bit bigger because I literally almost die with all those people in there dancing! But other then that, I love Marquee! (:
Avicii though! Came back for my bachelorette party this past weekend and of course it was packed. Thank goodness we didn't have to wait in line or pay to get in! :) I took off a star because i swear... they always let way too many people in the vegas clubs. It gets so packed, it's just hot and uncomfortable.
Party like a Rockstar!  I was there for my 30th bday and my friend all suggested this place since it is the newest club and everyone said we must go if we are in Vegas.  One of my local friend took us there and we went straight up  to VIP without the wait.  If I have to compare this to XS Club, I would have to say the pool area is not as big and fancy as XS.  The only downfall is the hip hop room.  It was either too crowded or too many people was there that night.  We could not bare less then 10 minutes.  The music was awesome but there was no place to dance or even move my body.  I was so wanting to dance the night away too.  Overall the club is like any club in Vegas, not  where my jaw dropped when I walked in like how everyone was raving about.
Loved this place.... the music was amazing on every floor.  I've been to Marquee on a Thursday and it was NOTHING like Saturday night... There was so much going on Saturday night.  The place is huge.... . Pros-  Awesome music.  They bring lots of cool DJ's; when I went EDX was there and I danced the night away!  Everyone that works here is amazing, from the bartenders, to the bouncers, to the ladies in the bathrooms.... . Cons-  They made us climb 18 flights of stairs to get into the club which was kind of annoying.  The dance floor on the main level is kinda small. . Overall, I loved Marquee and I would definitely recommend it to people... just don't go on a Thursday night ;-)
This club is fun! Has many rooms with different music to choose from. As we arrived we were professionally greeted by "DJ"- the security guard...he made us feel extremely welcomed! He described each room down to the tee....where they are located..what music they played...the type of atmosphere..etc...because of the way he greeted us...totally pumped us up to have a great night!
Best club I've ever been to.. . There's a lot of potential pitfalls, but if you just do a little bit of preparation, this place can be the venue for an awesome night out.. . I have gone to Tao and XS and unfortunately experienced the well-known horror story of the entrance lines for Vegas clubs.  If you just walk up to a club and try to get in, the popular clubs will make people wait up to 2 hours... which is a buzzkill (both for your alcohol level and your energy mood).. . This time, I made sure our entire group got pre-sale tickets.  I pushed for this heavily, and man was everyone glad I did.  When we arrived at the club, we saw a HUGE wrap-around line of people trying to get in general admission.  This was only at 11:20pm, so still relatively early.  I'm guessing those people had to wait at least an hour to get in.. . By getting pre-sale tickets (a hefty $50 for men, $20 for women), we bypassed the line completely and were inside the club within 30 seconds.  Awesome.  I highly, highly recommend getting the pre-sale tickets if you're a guy.. . Prices: Typical vegas club fare.  Cocktail for about $14-15 per person, beers are $8-10.  This is exorbitant by any normal standards, but typical for Vegas standards.. . While we didn't wind up getting a table, I was told that 10 people on a friday night would have a $2000 spending minimum.. . Now finally to the venue. It is amazing. There are 3 club levels, and the place is gigantic.  There's a main dance floor on the top level which is super crowded, with a surrounding walkway.  This is pretty much identical to the layout of XS.  However, this main dance floor has an outside pool area which is GIGANTIC and has multiple bars with plenty of space.  The top level is primarily electronic music.. . The middle level is smaller, but still a decent sized space for people to dance.  This room plays primarily hip-hop music.. . I didn't get to go to the bottom level.. . Throughout the night, they consolidated the rooms and made people migrate to the highest floor.  I assume this was as the club was thinning out, so they wanted the rooms to merge into one so that it still gave off the "crowded" vibe and didn't seem like the party was dying out.  I actually have to say, an excellent strategy as when club momentum is dying, people usually flee for the exits.. . The clientele was nice.  Obviously dressed up to a high degree, guys sometimes in suits and girls mostly in short skirts and high heels.  There is a dress code but it's not AS strict as they claim, as I saw plenty of guys in jeans and non-dress shoes.  I wouldn't risk it too much so just look somewhat nice if you'd like to get in.. . The women were really hot.  Just sayin'.  Also, this crowd had a very large Asian bias, which was kinda surprising.  I'm not saying that it was an asian night by any means, but I'd say the crowd was about 30-40% asian, which is pretty high for a generic club night.. . . There are some negatives, so I can't give this place 5 stars.  The prices are exorbitant, especially the $50 cover for guys.  The drinks are super pricey so you should either be a baller and get bottle service or pre-game before coming here.. . The bouncers never gave me trouble at all, but I can spot douche bouncers when I see them.  I imagine they can be trouble for some more inebriated patrons.. . If I were asked by people which club to go to in Vegas, I would say Marquee without any hesitation.
*Review for Nightclub ONLY. . Alright, I know that there are 1100+ reviews for this place, but why should you read mine..? Bundles and bundles of TIPS, that's why!!. First of all, I have been here twice-- once with a table to watch Kaskade and the second time without a table to watch Dirty South. . . Tips (especially for the guys):. . 1. If it is within your price range, get a table. Please. Get. A. Table. A table in the Boombox room/Library/outside will run you $1,000 minimum in alcohol and bottles, but don't forget to tack on the outrageous 38.1% all-inclusive tax (entertainment tax, gratuity, more tax, etc etc). Our table's base with tax ran us $1381, but it was for my birthday, so it was worth it. We had a table of 6 and everyone pitching around $250 is more than worth it. Remember that cover will run you $50-$80, tack on 5 drinks at $20 a piece, and you start nearing what you would pay with splitting a table!. . . 2a. If you elect to splurge on a table, the Boombox room is a great time; however, your party's interests may differ. The Library was calm and much more reserved, whereas the Boombox room offered hip-hop/top 40 and several more tables. The main room where the EDM DJ headlines will run you around $2500-$3000 minimum in bottles...absolutely ridiculous. Unless you win a nice chunk of change at the tables, this one is tough to swing. . . 2b. For a table reservation, we went through a promoter by the name of Amber Anderson and she was fantastic with securing our reservation, contacting us, and answering all of our questions in the days leading up to our reservation. I am sure that if you contacted Cosmopolitan concierge, they could give you her number and information. She even automatically placed us on the guest list for the Dayclub the next day where Dirty South & friends happened to be headlining.. . 2c. If in the Boombox room, request Bahara as your table host. She is Kim Kardashian's twin, no joke. She offered fantastic service and deserved every bit of her gratuity. . . . 3. If you elect not to get a table, get there early. I know it sucks to cut short your pre-gaming time in the room or wherever you may be, but getting there early will ensure that you get in Marquee in a timely manner and with a potentially smaller cover fee (especially with big headliners such as the aforementioned). When I say "early," I'm talking no later than 9:40 or so. As always, a positive ratio of women to men (at least 2:1, we had 3:1) will help you, along with contacting a promoter or getting on the guest list. . . . 4. No matter how drunk and unruly you may feel, be extra nice to security and the bouncers. I've heard other stories about people getting tossed from here for simply disagreeing with security. . . . 5. BIG TIP: If you want to have ANY chance of being on the dance floor for when the headliner steps up in the booth around 1:00, you need to secure your spot on the floor no later than 11:30. Try to go to the bathroom beforehand as once you leave the dance floor, good luck even getting back into the main room (the bouncers won't have that). Security shuts off the dance floor and you could miss your favorite DJ, so get there before 11:30! . . 6. Not a tip, but this place can put on a damn show! SENSORY OVERLOAD. Incredible laser/light shows, LOVED the confetti drop (I'm easy to thrill, apparently), and the blasts of cold air alleviated the 174 degree heat on the dance floor. Don't forget the bubbles and EVENMORECONFETTI.. . 7. Following your EDM-coma, hit up Secret Pizza on the third floor. Perfect ending to a night of endless dancing and boozing.
We just happened to be at Marquee on Party Rock Monday (good timing), so we had a great time up until it started getting crazzzyyy packed on the dance floor. Great tunes before Red Foo came out, top 40 and hip hop mashups, unlike last time I was here when it was strictly house music.. . We were not hardcore enough to stick it out on the dancefloor to wait for Red Foo, so we lost our spot and couldn't get back on the dancefloor when he eventually came out. Security were desperately trying to keep the crowds moving out of the too-narrow walkway surrounding the dancefloor.. . I like that they keep the patio open even when it's too cold to be outside. There's enough heat lamps to keep you warm though.. . The Library was playing some good music as well in the beginning of the night. I STILL need to come back another night and check out the Boom Box; it's always closed when I go!
Insane, downright insane. The crowd had to be on something,all of them.  If you go, make sure you have  one aim and one aim only- to have a darn good time because it is all everyone is there to do. The hype is well, real - You can tell when you're  in one. I can't stand hype, so I tend to analyze and reanalyze, but this was warranted. I have to say that the crowd was a good genteel set, no low brows ass grabbing spitting beings here. They were insane, but comfortable to be with. . . The lighting----is hard to be beat. Its like lighting on steroids. Amazing job with that. The DJ (I was in the EDM side) was not bad, worse thing you can do to me is get into electronic, and just leave the damn cuts running like even I can do it on any given afternoon (kidding, no I can't ;) but still) So, I can say that the DJ was good enough, not terribly exciting, but fine. . . Its classiness comes with a price. $50 for men. Unless of course, you have a room at the Cosmo, in which case its free. Thats enough a reason already. That, and no cabs after. . . This club is big in an odd way. Its stacked, with many sections, and the main room opens up to the pool area, which REALLY helps coz thats how many people are in there. The fresh air is a welcome breeze, and makes for a laid back vibe if you so choose it.. . Their exit stairs, however, is just horrendous. They throw you out of the club like cattle, walking mercilessly down three floors on metal fire exit stairs. And with heels---this was just a torture.. . Would I recommend it? Sure. For its pure energy, its gold.
Venue is amazing. . DJ's are always great. . Security is good too. . Bartenders:. . Jackie: really nice makes good drinks!. . Briana: she's cool too...but the important thing is she makes good drinks!. . Gonzalo: is a little second grader who thinks he's selling 15 dollar juice at his little juice stand
amazing venue and DJ's.. . Tips for girls:. -get on the guest list, no wait, free drinks from 11pm-12pm .. -secure your spot on the dance floor by 11:30pm , security shuts off the dance floor after that.. . love their outdoor patio area,but dance floors are small.
Maqruee is an AMAZING nightclub. I've only been here at night. I wouldn't mind coming back to see what Marquee is like during the day. The LED DJ booth they have is legit. I was there when the EC Twins were doing on a show on Christmas Eve. Probably the coolest Christmas Eve I've had. They were fantastic live!. . The club is an awesome venue. With their boombox and library rooms. We were lucky enough to get a table near the DJ booth. Service was great too. Drinks were what you'd expect to pay for in Vegas. But really, it was all about that LED DJ Booth and banging DJs.
pregame. pregame like you've never pregamed before. HARD bc the cover is hefty!! also for the gents make sure you wear dress shoes.. i seen some kid get deaded w his converses LOLLL!!!! but, not even gonna front, place was pretty poppin! make sure you're with people that go ham as well, i mean this is vegas after-all. can't be havin ppl come here and expect to fall asleep by midnight, nah mean!!!! don't hate on this spot it's pretty good.. like i said, just go w ppl that are down for whateverrrrrrrrr ;)
This place is said to be one of the best nightclubs in Vegas. I'm not much of a club person, I prefer bars. We ran into one of the promoters walking around the Cosmo and he gave us free entrance and put our name on the VIP list. This saved us about $30 each for cover charge. In addition, we got free drinks from 8-11pm (something like that) which saved us a lot more money. However, it was really hard to get a drink because the club was just so packed. . . Ladies, don't wear 8in stilettos unless you plan on throwing down for a table. This place has a ton of stairs and even in my 3 inch heels my feel were killing me. We waited for Red Foo of LMFAO to perform and then got the hell out of there. . . Would I go back? Maybe. Next time I might try a different club or throw down some major money for a table. It was just too packed.
So much fancy fun! Had a table here to celebrate Christmas and my birthday and did they come through, or what! We had our own private area roomy enough for our party to dance in. We were in the Boombox part of the club (lower level) where mainly hiphop - old and new - was being played.  There was a moment when the speakers, or some type of connection, blew as we were without music for nanoseconds. Weird to experience that in a Vegas club, but hey, I understand glitches happen.  In any case, we had a blast. Our Security prob did a better job than the hostess with keeping our party happy, as he made sure we didn't fall stepping up steps while on our six inch heels. MmHmmm.... . Drop by here to surround yourself around good drinks, dope music and beautiful people. You won't regret it!
I thought this place was really fun!. . We came here on our last night in Vegas.  We were on the guestlist so we got in for free. I heard it's pricy if you have to pay.. There were a lot of stairs, so ladies beware, especially with those high heels we all love to wear! There were two main floors that I was on.  The house/edm dancefloor and the hip hop and r&b level.. This place was packed, and there was a good ratio of girls to guys (even though there were more guys, but its better than when there are about 10 guys to 1 girl!). I mainly stayed on the hip hop floor and it was amazing. Near the end the dj stopped spinning for a good two minutes and suddenly edm music came on. The crowd was so mad and yelling that it finally went back to hip hop!. This place it a hit and miss for some people, but I think it really depends on the type of music you like.  I enjoyed myself because there was hip hop that night. . I recommend you check this place out for yourself. I definitely want to go back :)
Marquee brings incomparable talent! I am a huge EDM fan and in my opinion Marquee brings the best DJs. I went there both Friday and Saturday night this past weekend and I have been twice before. Bottle service is the best way to go if you can afford it because the club and especially the dance floor get PACKED quickly. This is the reason that Marquee lost a star from me. It is almost unbearable to stay and dance when they let too many people in. I go for the dj and the music and my experience is ruined when I am being shoved and bumped into. I wish they would control that better. . . On the plus side the decor is great and it is clean. They set off a lot of confetti which is always fun and the go-go dancers are great. Girls should definitely get on a guest list to get in free, and it can cost a lot for guys depending on who is DJing. But then again, everything in Vegas costs a lot for guys. If you stay at the Cosmo and arrive at the club early you can get 2 people in free with your room ticket. Something I discovered this weekend is that you can enter from both the second and third floors but if you enter from the third floor there is no elevator so be prepared to walk up a lot of stairs. . . The vibe is very energetic and everyone seems like they are there to have a good time and not cause any problems. There are plenty of bars so it usually doesn't take long for drinks. There was an open bar for girls from 10-11 on Saturday so that was a definite plus and there still was not a wait to order a drink. This is currently one of the best spots in Vegas and despite the fact that it gets over-crowded you definitely need to check this spot out if you love EDM.
I have mixed feelings about Marquee.... . Very popular nightclub with a good crowd and great EDM music (as well as a hip hop/top 40 area too). The legit DJs however make it so that guys have to pay a significant amount of moneys to get in w/o hook-ups - $50 ticket cover for my guy friends in our group. But Krewella was amazing. Probably one of the best dance seshes that night. THE LAZERSSS! We were also right up against the DJ, not too hard to get up there before midnight which is cool, well aside from the crazy amount of stairs there are.... . Drinks were quite intense - $80 for a round I paid for about 5 drinks...given they are legit, but $15 for a red bull vodka? Oi...also, security guards were quite unforgiving...One girl in our party was making a phone call to the bf in the stall, and when we noticed she was gone, she was kicked out of the building - no, no, not the club...the Cosmo...WUT. Apparently they thought she was doing some illicit activity because she took too long and never gave her side of the story a chance. :(  Well, being the good friends we were, we decided to keep her company that night instead of returning to the club.. . Tips before coming back: get hook-ups, can buy tix the night of for less ($20 off!), pre-party for sure, don't take too long in the bathroom when security guards are outside
MARQUEE NIGHT CLUB. . Overall: . This place is as beautiful as you can imagine it, but I think it's a bit overhyped. It's definitely one of those places that you have to visit at least once because the outdoor view is unimaginable. It would also be nice if you had a lot of money to shell out and grab one of those cabanas to sit on. The lights, and trees and well lit buildings surrounding the club is beautiful, but I don't like how there are 3 floors. I liked how they did have different music on each floor that consist of techno, rap and a calmer billiard room (Library room), but I felt like my feet were going to fall off walking up and down those stairs throughout the whole night in 5 inch heels. Near the end of the night, I even tripped walking down the stairs once (super dangerous!) Besides the main floor, which is already scattered, the other rooms are really tiny as well. I'm also not a big fan of techno... I mean, I like the music, but it's hard to dance to it. Too bad most of the clubs nowadays have techno DJ's playing. I'm glad I was able to dance to the rap music in the smaller room for the short time I was there.. . Drinks: . EXPENSIVE! Obviously, club prices + Las Vegas = expensive, but add convention weekend = might as well just give away free money because you're going to be broke that night anyways. I remember paying $80 for 5 shots, and $30 for 3 beers. That's just ridiculous, but I'm not going to complain. It was just ridiculous especially since that weekend guys had to pay $50 dollars regardless (we went Friday and the girls got in for free, but if it was Saturday the weekend I went, girls would have to pay $30).
I hate house music but I love Marquee's hip-hop room even though it can get insanely crowded. It's my safe haven away from the "noise" downstairs.. . Last time I was there, they passed out slippers to all the ladies at the end of the night which fit PERFECTLY! It was funny watching all the ladies snatch it from the worker handing them out. Poor guy. I was one of them haha.. .GIMME THAT!!
If someone were to ask me what the number 1 club in Vegas is I would probably say either Marquee or XS.. . . If you want to see a lot of pretty people then Cosmopolitan is the place to go.. It's new, hip and classy. which is also how you could describe Marquee.. They always have awesome headliners specifically in EDM genre... But if you don't like house or electronic music.. fear not! they also have a room for hip hop... The venue is pretty and they have a large out door area which is important.. Of course drinks are pricey here so I suggest pre-gaming elsewhere.. . We got bottle service here once when Dash Berlin was spinning and the cocktail servers were very sweet and nice and kept our drinks flowing.... If you need to get on the guest list i suggest contacting a VIP host.. we were helped by Bof and he made sure everything ran smoothly.. ;]]]. . As many people have mentioned.. the stairs SUCK SUCK SUCK. drunk people + high heels + lots of stairs = no bueno.
I've heard great things about Marquee, but just like when I was at XS, I Think that I would have had more fun on a night where a less famous DJ was there-we ended up going on a night that Benny Benassi was there... It was cool to be there, but we couldn't see and it felt like we were being cattle herded around with no where to go.  Through all the cattle herding though, we got to see the layout of the club.  With less restrictions on a more normal night, I think the Marquee could be a lot more fun... Ladies, watch out for those stairs
MONDAYS! oh my god. amazing. best time ever. drinks are typically expensive but if you go at 10 and are a chick it's open bar til 11! try to get into VIP also!
This club is my group's staple Vegas club. We go here 90% of our Vegas trips and we always have a great story or two from here. I even met a promoter/bouncer here and ended up becoming great friends with him and every time I come to Vegas we hang out and get some food together. This place cool because it has multiple dance floors with multiple music styles, the only downside (minus one star) is because of the size of the dance floors - they are way too small and have a tendency to get somewhat crowded. Other than that, it's a great night club and a fun place to hit up!
I'm not much of a club person, but I was very impressed with this club. The space is gigantic with multiple floors and different music is played on each. I hated this place at first due to the over crowdedness. I had VIP access yet I still had to stand in several lines. I later found out that those without this VIP perk will end up waiting in line for hours if lucky or will not get in at all... if you're a dude (sorry dudes!). The only reason why I'm docking a star off is because:. . a) Overcrowding. There was literally no room on the dance floor! I came to dance dang it! Although it's a spacious venue the dance floor is extremely tiny. Expand it please!. . b) Stairs! Ok, seriously, us girls wears heels to clubs. That's a fact! Yet we were tortured by having to walk down endless flights of stairs to exit. Walk a mile in our heels & you'll understand why this is a terrible design.
Been here a couple times, and its rockin' every time. Multiple entry lines on different floors for expedited entry. Nice variety of different genres of music for all walks of life. However, dance floor and club as a whole gets disgustingly packed, by packed i mean you'll die from suffocation. If you're a 5' Asian girl on the dance floor, bring a gas mask cause you're not gonna be getting any air lol. . Other than that, they have the best performing artists in all of LV, and it's pretty much the hottest club in LV.
The first time I went to Marquee it was still considered as the "new" club. I didn't have a good time because of the flight of stairs I had to endure.. . Luckily, I was able to redeem myself when I went this past year with my girls. We were able to get in for FREE and keep in mind it was already 12am. We saw some girls that had to pay, but we were so thankful that we didn't have to. We immediately went to the main bar and went straight for the LC and Henessey shots (2 LC & 2 Henessey = $60). It wasn't bad compared to XS (5 shots of LC = $75). . . My girls and I had so much fun at Marquee because we were lucky enough to get snagged by whole bunch of Asian dudes and hung out at their table. We had bottle service right next to the DJ stage. For the most part after this was such a blurr. . . We partied, We loved it, Came home satisfied =)
Tips and Advice.... . -Network with a host..they are easy to find on facebook/Instagram/etc. Getting in contact with a host will ensure that you don't have to wait forever in line. Arrange an arrival time before hand, simply text when you arrive and your host will walk you in. BE SURE TO GIVE A PROPER HANDSHAKE..i always gotten great service from Marquee hosts and take care of them.. . -Other then that, Cosmo hotel guests get a +1 with room key on Fridays and Mondays. There is a separate line too.. . -Best night to go is Marquee Mondays aka their industry night. Alot less hectic to get in, and they are more relax on the dress code. Don't be fooled..Monday parties here are more fun then the weekends. Bottles are marked down greatly ($500 on weekends drop to $350 range). . -Being a tier1 club..it currently has one of the highest table minimums on the Strip. If you want a good deal/lower minimum, plan on arriving early.. . -Hennessy/Patron are $16 a shot! Visit the outdoor bar for quicker service.
Staff is a bunch of assholes that treat there patrons like shit and drinks are crazy expensive $10 for a bud light bottle and $20 for a small redbull vodka. But aside from all that it was the best club i've ever been to, I still had a really good time. If the bouncers weren't such dicks and if the bartenders gave me a smile when i pay that much for drinks, I'd definately give them 5 stars and come back. Imma try XS.  next time
The marquee is an amazing night club, but they sure as heck don't know how to follow instruction when running a card ($6k for a table). My friend that was buying a table asked them to run the card twice cause it had a 3k limit per charge. What do they do? They run it once of course, so natural the card got declined. Once a card is declined they can't run that card again even if they make a mistake. So I had to pull my plastic out and pay out. Oh and they let us believe we had the whole area to ourselves, but the moment we paid they told us, oh yeah you only have half this area. . So overall great car, but sneaky workers though.
Ok, minus the darn stairs due to heels. I truly like the club. I think they should install ramps instead and what's up with the elevators not operating??? There are many different levels and a huge outdoor venue. The music was awesome, varied by rooms.. . The drinks are expensive, but hek it's vegas. For future, I would do bottle services.
Nice club. We did get a table and didnt have to wait in line. Beware of the the table slores..They come to your table to chop it up & drink you stuff then leave. They usually  roam in 2's. Monique was our hostess. She was awesome. . . We were there during Halloween...needless to say...good times.
Marquee is one of my fave! The venue is huge and has different floors offering different types of music. Each room offers a different twist, quirky, yet fun, and and interesting swag. Love the cabanas and nice patio seating outside....fun crownAlways packed but surely a place to visit if you are planning a Vegas trip and are considering bottle service.
Definitely the best club i have been to by far.. . Tickets to get in are pretty expensive: $50 for men and $20 for women. Keep in mind that these ticket prices are pre-sale so I'm guessing they get even more expensive as the night moves along. The advantage of getting the tickets pre-sale was that we didnt have to wait in line (and it was a really really long line). Drinks are also pretty price (average of $14 per cocktail and $9 per beer). . . The venue itself is awesome. There are three levels in the club; each with a different atmosphere. The main dance floor is very crowded. It also has a gigantic outdoor pool side. There are also multiple bars so the wait time for a drink isn't too long. This is the largest level. The other two levels are a bit smaller. One is a room primarily for hip-hop, while the other is more chill with pool tables and other games. . In summary, I would definitely recommend this club to anyone visiting Vegas. The only reason it got 4 stars was because it's a bit pricey.
The best nightclub I've been to in Vegas. It's a must go! They really put forth a lot of effort with the lasers and everything inside, its a pretty big club - indoor/outdoor and two dance rooms. The only thing is that it gets sooo crowded. It's tough to actually get on the dancefloor and be able to move...I'm not exaggerating, if you guys check it out you'll know what I mean lol but if you love to dance like me, you can always find a spot - like at someone's table while standing on the seats? lol. . I love the dayclub here too. They have cabanas with a private hot tub which my friends and I got comped in for (woohoo!!) which was a lot of fun! It's a beautiful pool area. . fun stuff- thumbs up!
There's a reason why this place has a reputation for being the hottest club in Vegas. Best talent, great sound system, great lights, and awesome day-parties. . . The bouncers can be a pretty pushy, so when there's a staff member that stands out among the crowd it really makes a difference. Brian T who promotes for Marquee has to be one of the best promoters in Vegas, which makes me even more likely to come to Marquee when I'm deciding which club to go to on a given night. A lot of people feel like they need to be some A-list celebrity to get into Marquee, but when you know a guy like Brian, he treats his people like royalty, and never gives any kind of attitude like some promoters do. Look up Brian T. At Marquee on Facebook, and he'll make sure you and your friends get in and have a great time. . . I'm a huge fan of the day parties. Way more of a party atmophere vs. getting dressed up and being pretentious. If you've had a bad experience on a Friday or Saturday night, come to the Sunday day party and see if it changes your opinion. Just make sure you hit up Brian first.
Pretty awesome nightclub.  Rooftop deck with pool, outdoor bar, and blackjack tables.  Dance floor is fun - only problem is if you try to go to the dance floor later, it gets really crowded so they regulate who goes to the main dancefloor VERY heavily. The club gets really crowded and there is little room to move indoors.
As with all Vegas clubs I have a love hate relationship. Everything really depends on the DJ. . . I've been here a few times when it was a lesser known DJ and so there was a ton of room to dance, and still have fun. Also the bouncers are always super nice at Marquee. They'll talk with you, ask how your night is going, and welcome you.. . Small venue, and gets packed really fast. I love the photobooth, but pictures take forever to send to your email. I can't really speak about the prices because I'm always in a large group of girls and get things free.. . Hip Hop room really gets jammed fast all night long, and it's even smaller than the small main dance floor. . . As for when there is a bigDJ, expect RUDE DRUNK people shoving and pushing on the dance floor. For girls, your only salvation is when one of the promoters guarding the tables starts inviting girls to join the large group of guys who buy tables.
In theory, I LOVE Marquee... in reality, not so much.. . THE GOOD (3 stars): The club is huge with 3 floors, each housing their own genre of music. It's a beautiful space, without a doubt. There's an inside and outside to cool down when it gets too hot inside, there are great views of the strip outside, and everyone is dressed to the nines because it's a tier-1 club in Vegas. There's world-class talent multiple nights a week spinning here, but if you're not an EDM kind of person, there's also a hip hop floor and top 40. That being said.... . THE BAD (2 stars): What kind of idiotic structural designer made a club where girls need to walk up/down 5 flights of stairs to get in? That part NEVER made sense to me. I love my leg workouts, but hobbling down 5 stories in 5 inch heels after a night of dancing gets... well, it gets fucking annoying. To get from one floor to the other is a massive shitshow when you're drunk, and the layout of the club makes it impossible to find anyone. I found the nightclub to be a nightmare to navigate every single time I've come here. The circular, labyrinth layout makes it easier to find Waldo in a sea of patriotic colors than a damn bathroom to relieve myself in because the club looks the same from every angle (the stairs too, which really doesn't help when you're trying to figure out which floor you're on). And you'd think that, for a club inside the Cosmo and with so much clout and real estate space, they've make a bigger main dancefloor. If you're not on the main dancefloor by 11PM, you're not getting on it for the rest of the night unless you tip the bouncer a 50.. . THE OTHER GOOD (that I re-added a star for): SECRET PIZZA. This amazing pizzeria is inside the Cosmo and when you see everyone exiting Marquee and making their way there, follow them! It's got to be the best drunk food I've ever had.. . Marquee was one of those clubs I wanted to love because the concept is great (multiple floors, inside/outside, great DJs, different genres, good-looking crowd, etc.) but couldn't because some designer totally cut out the practical aspect of his work. I can usually only stand being here for an hour or two before heading over to Wynn and Encore to finish my night. Anyways.... . DAYCLUB (that got another star): In my opinion, a lot better than the nightclub part of Marquee. There's less people, the heat gets you drunk faster, everyone looks their best in the summer, servers are friendly, and it's not insanely hard to get a drink. I was front and center for Dash Berlin when he played here. I still think Encore Beach club is more fun, but Marquee is definitely among the best dayclubs you can go to in Vegas.
If you want to get the "Vegas nightclub experience," this is your club. Marquee is 3 stories, including the main level and the outside pool deck on the first level, the Boombox (hip-hop room) on the second level, and the Library on the third level. I've only been up to the Library once so I couldn't tell you what genre is played there but I think it started off being dedicated to old school. . . I like some house music but I typically go to clubs to hear hip-hop. Therefore, Boombox is where most of my time is spent at Marquee and this room is extremely small. Bar, dancefloor: that's it. The music in the Boombox room is usually pretty good but I've come here a couple of times and they closed it down early or it was not open, or they played strictly House there. So as far as that goes, it's a hit or miss.. . When I come to Marquee I'm usually coming for the experience and not the music. It's an amazing club. When you come here you know you're not going to find another club like it in the US, if anywhere else in the world. I loved Party Rock Mondays with the guy from LMFAO. Every Monday is locals night.
This was my first club in Vegas and it definitely makes SF clubs look like shiz. We got in through a promoter so the girls got in for free. The guys still had to pay which sucks but guys have to pay anywhere they go in Vegas. There was no celebrity DJ but this place was so popping. All i heard throughout the night was untz untz untz. It was pretty much EDM overload and since I am not a fan of that music, I had to force myself to appreciate it. It is definitely an experience I will never forget, especially since I came out of that place with huge blisters on my feet. Lesson learned girls, buy those foldy flats. They will save your life.. . I think that the overall venue at Marquee is soooo pretty and gorgeous. It is super crowded inside and you will get pushed and shoved around like at any Vegas club. What differentiates this place is the BEAUTIFUL outdoor patio where all the bottle service is. There are bars out there, lamps, tables, couches and little streams of water. The only negative is that there is no actual seating for people who dont have tables. The only thing you can do is sneak a seat on the dividers between tables and hopefully those people dont mind you sitting in their space. It beats XS where there are even fewer places to rest your feet. . . **TIPS**. 1) Definitely check out this club and XS. Two different venues, same music and crowd, but this one feels a lot classier.. 2) Girls, bring foldy flats. It is so tough to find places to rest!. 3) Enjoy!
Went to the day club last summer in July, and to the night club two nights in a row in October. Place looks nice, and the sound quality is great too. Bouncers were chill towards me and all of my friends all three times I went. If you see a good, under-rated DJ you'll have no problem going back and forth to the dance floor; but if you plan to see a big name like Armin or Avicii, you might want to make it there early. When I went to see Armin at 11pm, the bouncers weren't letting anybody into the dance floor as it was already over-packed. Overall a legit club.
Nightclub:  Purely because my phone got stolen from our table/cubby, I cannot give it more than 4 stars. The music was awesome and you are totally encompassed by the pounding bass, crazy lazers and steam that is on the dance floor. We had a great table and promoter for a bachelorette party. This was the best club I have ever been to! If my phone hadn't gone missing I would have better things to say about it. . . Dayclub: OHHH EMMM GEEE... this might have been the most crazy, beautiful, insane, fun party EVER. Armin Van Buren - check. Bottles of bubbly - check. Goose - check. Not a cloud in the sky and surrounded by 1000 beautiful people (including our party of 20 hot ladies) - check! I am already planning next summer's Vegas Adventure and will not miss spending a day here. Truly the best time I've ever had!
This place is enormous and built for hosting DJs.  It's pretty chill on the outside.  It's definitely not cheap.  What's up with the multiple floors though?  Sometimes it's a maze to get to where you want to go
This was my first time in Vegas and my first time at Marquee Nightclub. A month or so before we were to arrive in Vegas we already knew that we were coming to Marquee on the Friday night so I contacted a promoter to request that he put myself and 4 girls from our group on the guest list. The rest of our party (10, mostly guys) were getting a table (approx. $600 a bottle x 3) in the Library.. . We got to the club around 10:45pm and found that there was already a line both for the general admission and for the tables.  Surprisingly the guest list line was short and within 10 minutes we were in. Cover was $50 for me but the women were free. As the rest of our group was still waiting in the table line we explored the patio area of the club. Wow! The night before we were at Surrender but this was even better. Cozy outdoor booths with jacuzzi's, lots of greenery and seating, space to walk!, and a good number of bars as well.  They even had a few poker tables setup!  All in all a great vibe.. . After about 20 minute our table was let in and we met them in the Library. Smallish space but classy and not overcrowded.  The music was just loud enough that you could dance to but also carry a conversation.  The table in the Library turned out to be a blessing in disguise because later on in the night when we ventured back to the patio and the main floor it was packed!! Bouncers were at every turn directing the herds of people and getting from the main area to the patio was a nightmare.  We did attempt to dance on the main floor but it was so packed that I thought I was going to be crushed. It was like front row at Lollapalooza all over again. After escaping the dance floor and EDM  we were happy to have the table in the Library to sit down and relax at.. . The drinks we bought at the bar were strong and as I found out over the length of the trip is the norm in Vegas. The bartender just kept pouring!. . At about 3am we got a pleasant surprise when our table server advised us that we could move to one of the booths on the main dance floor. Yes! We walked with her as she led us to a table right on the dance floor! The table next to us was popping humongous bottles of Dom Perignon. This is Vegas.. . This table was awesome as we had some private space to dance. Great way to end the night.. . As we exited the club around 4am we did find Secret Pizza but as the line was so long we decided not to wait.
I had only been to the poolside before, but went to the club for the first time! The bouncers were actually friendly, making sure there was enough space to walk around. The sound system here is amazing! Fun to see some great DJs! . . Two floors to the nightclub - the one upstairs is a lot larger!
Don't even wonder. Just hit this place! Lots of levels, plenty of space, outdoor pool area with gambling tables. Each level has its own vibe. Talent is deep. The staff isn't pretentious which is a real positive.
Hands down currently the best club in Vegas.. . For guys that sign up for the guest list, you still need a even girl/guy ratio. I tripped out on this at first, but now I think it's a good idea, which is what makes the club great.. . How I got around this was that my friend and I just walked around and askedgirls if they wanted to bypass the lines and go in with us (bouncer told us he would get us right in if we just brought up some girls). You'll be amazed at how nice some girls are guys, so just go up and ask them. And remember the guest list. And smile. And chewing gum for your stank breath :)
Came here for the pool party  on sunday for memorial day wknd Kaskade was dj. And this place was cracken! It was my first pool party in vegas loved the experience here. Met some cool new people. Everyone was splashing the water having a good time! drinks were ok cant complain hot girls everywhere.
The night club was not as good as I had hopped it to be but the day club was so much fun.
THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE NIGHTCLUB.. . I had so much fun! If you buy presale tickets, cover isn't too bad. I think it was $50 for guys and $20 for girls. Alcohol also wasn't too expensive, I think it was $15 for the majority of drinks. We found a really personable bartender that is originally from Texas and he made our drinks really well.. . The club does get really crowded, and if you want to be on the floor where the DJ is that's not going to happen unless you get there early and stay there. Not being on the floor doesn't matter though, because you can hear the music and everyone is still mingling/dancing where the pools are.. . Also, I think my fiance was impressed by some of the things I heard from guys trying to hit on me.. "How can you text me if you don't have my number?". "This is my friend Mike. Sometimes we call him Magic Mike" "My abs get better as the night goes on". "Is that your smile on the floor? ... OH THERE IT IS!". . If we go back to Vegas, we'll definitely come back if it's still as good as it was this past weekend.. . A lot of girls are complaining about the number of stairs. I didn't think it was that bad. Maybe the girls complaining just aren't used to walking up/down stairs.
Some girlfriends and I decided to go Vegas-ing for MDW. We bought presale tickets to Kaskade's Summer Lovin' (dayclub) and Armin Van Buuren (nightclub)--I didn't even know I enjoyed EDM until I saw these guys spin--both shows were incredible. . . We did typical girl stuff--finagled our way into the VIP area, danced, took pics of ourselves, ignored drunken sexual advances, etc.--but somehow everything seemed 1000x better at Marquee than any of the other Vegas clubs. The line was a little crazy to get in on the night of Armin Van Buuren, which was irritating, but understandable for a holiday weekend. Other than that, I don't have many complaints. Marquee is a solid club that's earned its reputation. We will be back for more soon.. . Other Pros: . -Delicious strawberry daiquiris at the day club. The bartender didn't skimp on the booze.. -If you get there early you can get a great spot in shade right next to the DJ booth at the day club.. -For the most part, the crowd was respectable.. . Other Cons:. -Delicious strawberry daiquiris were $15 each. Cheap for Vegas, but still a rip-off.. -If you don't show up early the lines are long even with presale tickets.. -A random drunk girl pushed me into the bushes near the pool and I bleed profusely. Not Marquee's fault, but crappy, nonetheless.
This review is strictly for Marquee Dayclub! . . This past Sunday I decided to stay the extra day and spend my time at day club... it was probably one of the better decisions I've made that weekend. . BUT REMEMBER GIRLS! YOU NEED A COVERUP TO GET IN -- I walked into the hotel with shorts and just my bathing suit top (as I did the whole weekend for Daylight and EBC) and was told by security that I needed a cover up, good thing our car was parked rightt there so going back to get a shirt wasn't a big deal, BUT I can imagine how much it would suck if you were staying at somewhere other than the Cosmo and had to taxi back! . . Anyways, we got through the line fairly quick and painless (since it was pretty early 11:30AM) on a Sunday. Came inside and put our stuff in a locker equip with phone chargers of all kinds - $30. Day club had all the cabanas on the side, they have one big pool and this little pool with a pretty fountain thing next to the stage+bar. The bestttt part about day club was the fact that Marquee gives out free fruits and ice cream! The gorgeous servers walk around with platters of fruit kabobs and buckets of Big Stick popsicles and offers it to everybody. WAAH, talk about win! The staff is really nice and helpful. My friend accidently dipped her phone in water so we ventured off towards the kitchen to ask them for some rice to soak her phone in. The staff was so nice, everybody directed us to the right place and showed genuine concern --after around 5 minutes of waiting, a worker came out with a container filled with rice of her, free of charge! When we were leaving, a worker saw us walking towards the garage and commented "OH, I see you got your rice, goodluck with your phone!! I hope it works", ahh that feeling of being remembered. :) Also, the lady working inside the bathroom next to the cabana is an absolute delight! She's sooooo nice and friendly and bubbly and she makes you feel like you're having such a good time! If I had cash on me I woulda tipped her just for her company. Also, my nose started bleeding when I was at dayclub (FML RIGHT??) so I ran off to the bathroom and of course, she was ever so helpful and acted like a concerned mother. AHHH I love her.... She helped me out and wetted a paper towel with cold water to put on my head, offered me a chair to sit on and kept saying "poor babyy, but it's okay you'll be okay".. She's such a sweet heart, I wasn't even trippin about my bloody nose LOL. . . Anyways, my overall experience at Marquee DAY CLUB was a good one (night club will be reserved for a different day...). I had a great time, and I'm thankful towards their welcoming and hospitable staff.. . OH* Another thing. No drinks in the pool. If you have a drink in the pool, you have to stay by the edge of the pool. and TRUST, they implement this rule, there is a worker walking around making sure you are not drinking anymore than 2 ft from land. Lol at first it was annoying, but it became pretty entertaining... poor guy... why don't people just listen to him.
This is "The Hot Spot" in Las Vegas!  . . Hip Hop Room is where you will find me -  Very rare in Vegas as most clubs only play EDM (Can't stand that music). . Light show on the EDM room was cool but that was pretty much it.. . We had a bottle service and the security guards took care of our group even escorted us the to restroom which I thought was cool!!. . price is $80/guy - might as well get bottle service!
Marquee... Both day and night club was crackin.. Pool party cabana we had was very cool and in the shade. We ordered everything on the menu and it was pretty good. Pricing was good for a pool party. Alcohol pricing was more than the night club. But at least you can see more of whats going on during the day. Marquee night club was also crackin. Its really big with the exception of the hip hop room. Hip hop plays good music but all the vip area just freakin sucks. And that's the only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars.
it was really fun. call a promoter and get on their guest list so you can bypass the regular line and also get in for free! we ended up hanging in their hip hop room (downstairs) for the majority of the night but also by the pool upstairs towards the end of the evening.  also... if you end up falling in the pool or swimming in it... you'll get kicked out. we saw two girls get the boot after doing that.  It closes around 5am.
Me and a few of my girls went to Marquee last weekend and it took a few minutes to get in through the guestlist line. We had a blast! The only negatives we could say about the club was the Hip Hop room was closed and when we left we had to take the stairs... Overall we still had a great time
Updating on top of my previous review: soon after a customer service rep Jennifer offered to make amends for the bad experience. They offered free accommodations and tried to use customer service to retain a customer.. . It was EDC weekend with Kaskade manning the DJ booth but we all had a good time, especially the birthday celebrant and my friends.. . I give the staff kudos for putting effort in rectifying any mishaps.
Nice venue. A little narrow. table and walkways are a little tight. mini pools and cabanas are nice. Must wear a bathing suit, no shorts for guys.
If you're going clubbing in Vegas, this is the place to go to! I make sure to visit this place every time I roll into Vegas. . Seems like people didn't get the memo about Vegas clubs.. Here it is: Any time you go to a club in Vegas, expect to pay for overpriced drinks, expect some bouncers to be dicks and expect big crowds. If you have a problem with any of those three expectations, then you're better off going to a bar or lounge. Not to say that you're going to run into all three at once for Marquee, but expect it so it won't ruin your night..   This past weekend I was able to go to both the Day and Night club. It's a fun experience. They did a job well done with the amount of space given for the club. I enjoy the fact that you can go inside and outside for the night club. The dance floors for both the hip hop and main floor get crowded fast (avoid hip/hop if you're claustrophobic), so I'm usually outside for the main floor where I could see and hear the DJ spin. . .  If you want a good drink for the price you pay, make sure you ask for Jason (coolest bartender) and ask him to make you a Liquid Marijuana. He's the only one that knows how to make it really good! If you go to the day club, ask any one of them bartenders for the Beach Bum (that's also a good drink). They're like $14 which is reasonable for a club drink.. . Girls --- Not to discourage you from going to this place with your beautiful high heels, but beware this place has lots of stairs to go from hip hop to main. Make sure the elevator takes you to the main dance floor, and I advise you to stay there. The Boombox room isn't that worth it unless you only like top 40's and don't care for EDM. Also, if you need to sit,  outside there's these concrete planters that you can sit on OR you can act like you're gonna gamble on the 21 tables and sit there lol.  . . Guys -- for the day club DO NOT take any bags/satchels/purses/backpacks they will NOT allow you up the pool until you put your shit in their lockers which is $30 (not worth it). Also, PLEASE leave the Euro underwear looking swimsuits for the ladies, fuck your confidence that shits nasty and it won't do you any justice.
If you love techno this is the place for you seeing as that's the biggest room they have. It very classy in all the their themed rooms on all five floors but it sucks having to take the stairs. All the rooms vary in size and style, unfortunately for me the hip hop room is the smallest.. Stay away from industry night on Monday, it's very boring for tourists with only one floor available.. This is a great place to take large groups.. BEWARE at the end of the night you will have to take a 4 story walk down stairs to get out..  Look forward to the balcony/patio view it's amazing!
Came here for the first time and decided I really like it! . . We got pre-sale tickets to Markus Schulz ahead of time just to skip the line. Arrived around 11:30 ish and we did not wait at all.  Smooth sailing to get in with pre-sale tickets. . . The worst part of going into the club was going up those damn stairs. After that it is cool. There are rooms with different music. I did not like the hip hop room at all...it was kinda trashy and bartender was crap. I totally forgot what it is like to go to straight club and thank god I don't go often lol. Men really had no class in this room.. . I loved the room where Markus Schulz was playing. Lots of lights, fog, machines that shoot nice cold air plus confetti, light sticks to wave along. It was a good night in that room. VERY CROWDED AND HOT. The bartenders at the pool were MUCH nicer and quick. Downside if you don't have a tableor booth or whatever they are called...You really can't sit anywhere. There is a nice view outside but no relief in heat since Vegas is 24/7 hot. . . Drinks were $14 pricey, so I don't know..Pre-Party!. . . Overall, I had so much fun. Music was awesome. . . . -Give it a try! . . p.s.: get pre-sale tickets...unless you know promoters and shizzz. . . p.s.s.: from what it looked like dress code was not strictly enforced, some people weren't even dressed up for an occasion.
The nightclub here is definitely Top 3 in Vegas. I'll usually swing by for a night because i'm usually here for 3 nights, hence... one club a night.. . I've had nothing but pleasant experiences so we'll start them off at 5 stars.. . Our female friends were in their room getting ready, you know how females are? We were downstairs gambling, eating, pregaming, and getting ready to go in of course... We approach the line and the bouncer says he is unable to accommodate our party due to the ratio. We had explained that the girls were getting ready and this was our last night so we wanted to drink our faces and race to see who would get alcohol poisoning first.. He didn't care. Understandable, still at 5 stars to be GENEROUS.. . You know the drill.. a hip hop room which was especially ratchet this night and MEGA crowded.. So crowded my shoes were trampled, girls hair was all up in my face, people grabbing so many asses including mine. PAUSE..... -1 We're at 4.. . The insides are the same, beautiful as ever. HIP HOP floor, MAIN room which the usually HOUSE/EDM DJ will spin and melt your faces, and the top THIRD floor aka the library is complete with bathroom and billards table for your lounging pleasure. . . The ratio was terrible that night. There were so many dudes there I felt like I was partying at an all-boys high school. It was awkward, weird, and lame all at the same time. Never experienced a ratio like that, guess I know why the bouncer was trying so hard to enforce at the door! -1 We're at 3.. . The drinks were obviously overpriced, its Vegas don't lose your titties... BUT I was super duper mega ultra faded and ended up losing my CREDIT CARD! AH! The last charge was made at Marquee so I assume I bought some rounds and left it there? Regardless, there were no other charges. I'll give Marquee staff the benefit of the doubt and say they held it and tore it up until I could realize and call my bank 2 days later lololol!! +1 star. We're back at 4!. . VOILA! THERE YOU HAVE IT!
marquee gets wayyyyyyy tooooooo paaaaccckkkkkkkeeeedddddd!!!. . but if you get a room at cosmo, you get in marquee vip style, free and no wait.. of course not where there's big DJs there, but you do get to skip the line.. . day club is always packed too, if you like packed clubs, marquee is where you should go.
Second night clubbing. Got on the guest list through Bryan. Thanks! He had asked a co-worker to bring us upstairs. A lot of walking. First is going up the escalator to the second floor. Then we were given the choice of taking the stairs or the elevator. We didn't think it would be bad so we chose the stairs... My feet started hurting already.. . There's three floors. Each floor had different kinds of music.. . The top floor has the pool. There's Jacuzzis and areas where the bottle service is, I assume. Bars are set up all over the place. Still expensive. Coming here early, everyone's just standing around. A lot of places to wander around.. . They have a souvenir kiosk thing.. . Also if your feet start to hurt they sell slippers and band-aids in the bathroom. That's just awesome.. . If you want to get from floor to floor you have to take the stairs. The elevators are for the promoters.. . A lot of good looking people.
I was debating on whether to give it 3 or 4 stars but decided to rate it based on the place itself rather than the fact that I'm not into clubbing anymore. This place does look great and it was crowded. The line was long but it moved very fast and I was able to get in free even thought the guy could not find my name on the list. Guys have to pay $50. But it is Vegas so I wouldn't expect anything else. The drink was good and the music was good. We danced for a little while but then ended up sitting outside by the pool area. It was gorgeous outside and that's the reason why I would give it 4 Stars. In fact that was the whole reason I came here because I knew they had an outside area where we could sit and enjoy the night. I can't do the whole dancing thing for hours anymore:-) .
One of my favorite clubs in Vegas! I'm not a huge fan of house music but I don't mind coming out to see whichever DJ my friends wanna see. I just can't really stay on the main floor all night because I would lose my mind. It can get super crowded, like swaying-with-the-crowd crowded, and my lack of interest in house music doesn't really help the situation. . . After about an hour or so trying to find a space on the main floor, I'll usually head down to the Boombox room which is a smaller floor where they play hip-hop. There's a bar on this floor too, as well as some VIP table area. It's not as big or extravagant as the main floor but I like it a lot better since I'm a bigger hip-hop fan. There's also a bathroom right outside so you don't have to walk through waves and waves of people just to freshen up. . . If you're on guest list, they'll generally let you take the elevators up to the club. However, if you leave before a certain time, you'll have to take all those flights of stairs back down to Cosmo.
My favorite club in Vegas! . I bought my tickets online for Kaskade, getting in was such a breeze. It took us no more than 10 mins. Kaskade blew my mind, his whole set was a full on experience. The good vibes and energy was amazing. We were on the main floor right under Kaskade and the cool bursts of fog, butterfly confetti, and strobe lights were so sick. Loved it
For our last night in Vegas, we decided to go see Kaskade for "Summer Lovin" at Marquee! Marquee is located in the absolutely gorgeous Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino. Everything about this hotel is fabulous and just screams Vegas!. . We met a promoter a couple nights before and he got us on the guestlist (thanks Danny!) and we had no problems getting in. Definitely get on a guestlist because this place was super crowded around 10-10:30! . . Marquee has multiple floors with different rooms and music but we stayed on the main floor for Kaskade. It's such a beautiful club and a very close second to my favorite, XS. The pool area is amazing at night! There are tons of cabanas and VIP tables outside as well as inside. Drink prices were pretty standard however I didn't drink too much because once you left the main DJ area, it was hard to get back in since it was so crowded. . . The one thing I didn't like about Marquee was the stairs! WHY are there so many!?! My 5-inch heels could not handle it but thankfully I brought some TOMS to give my feet a break. Ladies, do yourself a favor and wear flats, sandals, or wedges...your feet will thank you later, trust me! . . Overall, we had a great last night in Vegas at Marquee! I wish we had a chance to go to their pool party, but I guess that means we'll just have to make another trip ;) Marquee is definitely a must if you are in Vegas!
I (along with 5 other friends) came to see Weezer at Marquee and had a great time.  I'm not the Vegas club going type but if I were, this would be the place I would frequent.
Best night to go is Friday.  I have a love hate relationship with this place.  Once you are in and it is crowded you have no choice but to hang out by the pool.  And the exit going down several flights of stairs in not good for women
I am reviewing the dayclub, I drove to Vegas to see my favorite DJ Kaskade. I was hyped up and ready to party.  I picked up my tickets at will call and headed up the stairs outside to wait in line which it was 100 degrees out. I don't mind it as much as my friends did, they were dieing. I am from Vegas originally so I can deal better with it.   They need to add some ez ups outside so you aren't frying in the heat just saying, Anyway we finally get in after 30 minutes in the line.  Not too packed yet decent looking people had to wait a little for drinks at bar but service was friendly.  Drinks were good and strong.  When we got there Alex kenji was playing he was good but it was more like ultra loungy music then CLUB music.  So we got lucky to find us a spot along the side of the pool because once the people started flowing in the place was packed by 3pm. Kaskade came on around 2:30ish I think and the whole vibe of the place changed from chill to excited, pumped and just ready to have a good time. This was my 2nd time seeing Kaskade and he did not disappoint. He was AMAZING. there was bubbles in the air and CO2 machine going and great mixes and the pool was packed there wasn't any room left to get anyone else in comfortably. Once the beat dropped real good on every song he played  the whole pool was dancing and splashing it was awesome. So if any girls think there makeup and hair will stay yea right. It gets destroyed I along with plenty of other girls were pulling the fake eyelashes off hahaha.  GOOD TIMES KASKADE GOOD TIMES... Only 2 complaints but you really cannot control is Lots of people peeing in pool I am sure and tons of lotion makes the water foggy which kind of freaks you out and Kaskade only played for alike hour and a half I think but whatever I would pay to see him over and over again.
It being a long weekend, there was cover but an acquaintance had us on the guest list. We had a group of 15 to celebrate a bachelorette party. We were definitely ready for some fun!. . Once in the club, we escorted to the main dance floor and comped 6 bottles of champagne, for bottle service. I guess it helps to have hot girlfriends who were partying it up Sin City style. Being comped, from what I've read, is pretty standard when you're a group of girls. But, it still felt pretty awesome to get that many bottles for free.. . What happens inbetween the start of drinking and before I got separated from the group, shall remain unsaid..... . After losing my friends (accidentally!!), trying to find my way out of the club became an adventure in itself. Try four inch heels, three ass pats, a couple of dances later and, eventually, making it down a whole lotta stairways to get out of the club, in one piece.. . When I eventually found my way out of the club (so many stairs! WTF?), I saw half the party noshing on pizza and the other half with the bachelorette who was saying, "Where's Rianne? Oh, my gosh! We lost Rianne! Rianne never gets lost!" . . I felt loved. Interesting night, indeed. I was pretty sure I'd hate myself in the morning. But, I did have fun. It didn't hurt that there was no cover and a lot of free alcohol. =P
Marquee day club could be better, but Marquee night club is the best time in town.. .  We were guests of the Cosmo so we got in for free, and did not have to wait in line. The club itself is massive, but really sexy and cool. . . Although it was wall to wall people I never had to wait for a drink. The drinks surprisingly not that expensive  I only paid $14 for a Ketel one and water (which is amazing for Vegas). . . We were there to see W&W I have to say that put on an amazing show! The light show was crazy and W&W put out so much energy! . . The downside is the dreaded stairs. My suggestion is stay sober enough to tackle them.
Marquee is a great time! I've been here everytime I've visited Vegas n always had a blast!. . PROS: ladies can get in free on the guest list before 12 n guys are discounted. . ALL the promoters are great!. numerous floors for a variety of music.. You can go outside for a smoke n some air.. . CONS: lines are long as hell! Get there early!
This place rocks ! The huge Electronic Display on the dancefloor and live dancers give you a surreal mix of Digital and Live action to enhance the pumping and energizing music !. . If you got the FLAIR then VIP Tables and Cabanas are the way to go ! Actually its the only way to party right.. . I love to go here and be seen with some of the hottest people on the planet.. . Party it up PPL !. . Hit me up if you are in Vegas! If you are cool then MAYBE you can join our Table.. . HAHA see you soon !
Went to Marquee Dayclub to see Kaskade...and it was frickin' amazing! We got in line around 10am to get tickets and be the first ones in, earning us great seats on the side of the pool. The venue got packed around 1pm, so make sure you get there early to avoid the line. . . The place provides lockers for $30, which is definitely a gooddeal, since you'll need a place to put your wallet and phone. Trust me, everything gets drenched; it's inevitable. So invest in a locker! Additionally, my friends got their shirts and flip flops jacked, so beware of thieves!!. . The music was great, the temperature got hot, and everyone was having a good time. Once Kaskade started playing, water was getting splashed everywhere, so prepare yourself for a wet and wild time. . . I dropped a star because the drinks were a little pricy. I know it's Vegas, but some drinks are over $15. You can try playing some pool side blackjack, where they serve free drinks to gamblers :-)
This review is only for Marquee Nightclub. . . Out of XS, Surrender and Hakkasan, Marquee was my favorite venue to go to at night in Las Vegas. Maybe it's because I'm a sucker for lanterns at night or that Kaskade is a resident here, but I loved going to this club. Since we arrived relatively late, the main stage was blocked off and we stuck around the outer area, which was understandable.  The dance floors were relatively crowded but that was to be expected. . After my experience from Hakka-suck, I was very happy to see that there are areas outside where you can actually SIT and enjoy the music. The best part is that there are monitors outside for you to follow along as you sit near the pool and take in the pretty decorations around the area.
Review for the nightclub. . Great atmosphere. Loved the different levels. When i wasn't feelin' the hip hop I moved to EDM and vice-versa. The drinks were $$$ so pre drink before the club so you don't have to buy that much from the bars. The DJ's were good. I see a lot of reviews about how bad the security were. They were not bad at all, they were just doing there jobs. Other than that, I will be returning again this year!
I had a lot of fun at Marquee!. . Came here when Redfoo from LMFAO was performing, and a promoter sold us discounted tickets for $10.  We had one guy in our group, and he had to pay $20.  Still an ok price for Vegas, but man, guys really get the short end of the stick here.  . . Anyway, line wasn't that bad, but I think we arrived a bit too early because there weren't that many people around yet.  People here are giving the bouncers a hard time, but in my experience they were not that pushy.  I was trying to be slick and stole a "Party Rock" foam finger out of a VIP booth (yes, I had a little to drink...), and made eye contact with a bouncer as I was taking it.  He just laughed and told me to enjoy myself.  . . The outdoor area is a great area to take a breather and relax with friends.  Added plus is that you get a stunning view of the surrounding buildings! I would love to come back here while it's a day club; it was a shame to see the pool covered up.. . Only problem is that it became PACKED. Like sardines.  If you leave the dance floor for a drink, or to go to the bathroom, good luck getting back on.  We left for a few minutes, and upon coming back we were told that there was no more room on the floor.  We were told to keep moving, and were almost shunted out of the club, but we forced ourselves back onto the dance floor.  Isn't that a fire hazard? . . All in all, this is another club I want to experience again as a day club.  I also wish that we had been able to go to the different levels, but they were closed off for the special event.
Been here several times with my homies. I'll try to keep this short and concise. First time: we got bottle service at the rooftop. Rooftop is really nice since it is outdoors obviously (you get to breathe fresh air) and next to the pool (which kinda gives you a nice view). Our hostess was really nice and the dude that was looking out for us was chill as well. I believe that we got Patron as our bottles... I'm pretty sure they were a little watered down... but whatever. I am positive that we all had an awesome time. Most of us stayed til however long our bodies allowed us to. The club itself is pretty big. It is not huge to the point that you will get lost. Its the perfect size to not be packed. Every level has a different type of music so go dance to whatever you feel like. Full bar available everywhere pretty much as well. Probably one of the best clubs I've been. Thereafter, I just lined up or got pre-sale tickets. All the times I've had a blast.
I had a great time at Marquee Dayclub and the only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because the pool is very small. My favorite pool party in Vegas is Encore Beach Club and If you've ever gone there you know that the pool is hugggggeewith tons of places to sit even if you don't rent a daybed or lounge chair. Marquee's dayclub is sooo small, the pool is packed with people and there aren't a lot of places to sit and get in on the action. What I do love about marquee dayclub is that the dj booth overlooks the pool and they have this huge led screen that helps to get the party crackin'. They also have lockers downstairs that are pretty pricey but they have phone chargers in them so that made purchasing one a no brainer!  They also have blackjack tables(or something else, I don't gamble) if you want to hangout and gamble. All in all I had a great time and wouldn't mind going back to visit for some fun in the sun.
Came to the day club with a big group of guys for a bachelor party.  We had a cabana, which may skew my review towards the positive, as the service was excellent.  Our cabana attendant was awesome - very friendly and helpful.  In fact, he was a huge help in kicking out (with zero drama) a group of girls who latched onto us and who we did not want around.  The wait staff was also incredibly friendly and attentive.  Again, this is probably a function of the amount of money we spent.. . While a few people in our group were apprehensive about the amount ($3000, not including 20% gratuity, 10% entertainment tax, and 8% sales tax), even the most apprehensive among us ended up really enjoying themselves in the end.  I saw one of my most conservative friends, who didn't start drinking until after college, in the pool at the end of the day fist pumping to EDM.  . . The cabana itself (regular cabana, not a grand cabana, which can run around $10,000, but has a small infinity pool in front of it) was well-appointed, with nice decor, a couch, coffee table, fridge, plenty of space to store wallets, phones, etc (beware - they do not lock), TV (for watching all the college FB games we bet on), and two adjoining chairs in the sun.  It was also relatively spacious, providing enough room for 10 of us to hang out in and around.. . Although the place turned into the typical debaucherous messy drunken scene you would expect from a Vegas pool party (and I am not complaining about that), when we walked in, we were blown away by how nice the place looked - very pristine and exclusive (that soon changed, but it was a nice first impression at 11am).. . The food was surprisingly good (bar pies, burgers and fries).  We kept ordering pitchers of the iced tea vodka lemonade.  Delicious, but not sure how much booze was in them.  A good idea would be order a bottle, and add liberally to your pitcher.  Bottles are expensive ($500 for absolut), but what do you expect?. . There were a lot of beautiful women here also.  Unfortunately, there were many more that could use a salad and a trip to the gym.  Basically, it was your typical Vegas pool party scene.  . . All told, it was a lot of fun and, in my opinion, worth the money.  Mileage may vary if you do not have a cabana.
Marquee is one of my favorite clubs in vegas. The main dance floor can get really packed but the hip hop room is so much fun. (I'd rather dance to hip hop music then EDM) Staff is nice, and I like the fact that there are multiple ladies room unlike light nightclub. The day club is just as fun too! Ladies get in for $20 for day club which is pretty reasonable although I'd rather not pay for entrance fees at clubs. The nightclub also has a portable photo booth where you take photos with friends and email to yourselves. Also on some occasions there are open bar between the times of 11pm-12am for the ladies.
I think this is one of the better clubs in Vegas because it actually brings out good talent (unlike some of the other clubs that I'm convinced people go to just to look rich for a night).  I liked that it was a large club, but also had an intimate feel when you went inside and could be close to the DJ (well, maybe not at the peak of the evening, but certainly if you stay past 2).  The staff was very friendly overall, especially bartender Johnny.  Pre-sales are the way to go.. . The only reason that I am docking this a star is because one of the security guards was "not the nicest," for lack of a better word that would prevent my review from being allowed on Yelp.  My group ended up staying in one area for most of the night, so I knew where to find them and went to the bathroom by myself.  Do I recommend that females use the buddy system in clubs?  Absolutely, but I was not intoxicated and know how to hold my own.  They had started shutting down the outside area (without warning- it would have been nice to know when I headed to the bathroom).  I was confused about the shutting down of the outside area and explained to security that my group was outside.  She snapped at me "STOP SAYING WE!!"  Mind you, I never even used the word "we."  I'm sorry, I know the security guards have a job to do, but it absolutely disgusts me that they would not be more concerned about their female patrons - especially in a huge place like Vegas where many people are from out of town, unfamiliar with their surroundings, and have been drinking heavily.  The tone she took with me was totally unnecessary; I was nothing but polite to her and only said one thing before she came unhinged.. . All that being said, will I go back to the Marquee?  Yes, yes I will (see initial paragraph).  GIRLS, USE THE BUDDY SYSTEM!!! Security only cares for you so much.
My favorite club to go to on the strip. And honestly for one main reason, The Boombox Room. Every time I've been at the club, the Boombox room plays all the best hip hop songs that I can get a serious groove on to. It gets pretty serious. . . Yea yea yea this place has great dance music too, but honestly there's DJs every damn club here so I don't feel the electro dance music selection sets them apart from the other clubs on the strip. . . Dance music plays at the main floor and you can find the hip hop one floor below. If you want to take a break from all the chaos, you can hang out in The Library where it's more of a lounge setting, or just hang at the outdoor pools (assuming it's not winter time). . . The thing I don't like about Marquee, is that the staff all seem like they have a giant purple stick up their a-hole. More specifically, the bouncers, but then again who can blame them when they're dealing with lots of eager people who think they're too cool to wait. If you're a guy, good luck. Either you wait in a long line, buy a bottle, or pay the bouncer a big fat tip to jump ahead of everyone. Even with purchasing a bottle, you'll still have to wait in a line so that might not be the easiest way out. I believe minimum for a table is $500. Best thing to do is find a promotor out on the strip and get on the list, that could at least help avoid a lot of bs you'll have to go through before even getting in. Entry fee for guys is $50.. . And if you're a girl, bring like 5+ more girls with you so you don't have to deal with all that mess period. I'm not promising you 100% won't have a hard time either though. Again, get on a list and get in free! If not and you just want to take your chances and show up, I believe cover for girls is $20. . . There's definitely a price to pay to get in to one of the most popular clubs in town! But in the end, all is forgotten after a couple of drinks, dancing with hot girls and good looking men (lots of tool bags too), with a crazy a fog machine and confetti that's blasted into the air every once in a while throughout the night!
Marquee is hands down my favorite club in Las Vegas.  I love the outdoor area and the main dance floor! They have a hip-hop level if you're over the house music (which is mainly what they play).  Drinks are overpriced per the standard market price of any drink in Vegas.  . . Every time I have come here I've cut the line because I'm with all girls or have a table. I've also come on a Saturday and a Monday and I've had just as much fun both times. . . My advice? Don't come with guys or you'll be waiting in the "Guest List" line all night :)
I had a friend who is a promoter who helped  us get in but it was nice they had promos for all girl groups. . . 3 floors, 3 very diff environments. . It wasn't that packed so it was nice. . Good bartenders, hilarious security guys and good DjS . . Helps that secret pizza is right outside so that after a night if drinking and partying you can grab a slice and hang out some more.
The day club is always fun, and if you're in a large group of girls, they'll usually comp a table for you. I like the layout of the day club and I've always had fun here.. . The nightclub is fun as well, but I definitely prefer the day club. Marquee felt a lot like XS to me, but I liked XS more.. . 4 stars for the day club, 3.5 stars for the nightclub.
Had an amazing time at Marquee the second 4th of July weekend in a row. I will say it was PACKED way past capacity. But they staff A TON of employees to work the flow of traffic. This trip gets 4 stars only because they closed the elevators all night and those stairs in heels all night made us turn in early. I'm sure it's because of fire regulations they can't shuttle that many people in the elevators.. . Hundreds of people in line to get in.Still one of the hottest clubs on the strip.
Pros:. multiple rooms. Beautiful Outside patio . Fun times had by all watching ladies go into the wrong bathroom even though we told them That they were entering the men's.. Big name DJs. Random lady in the bathroom handing out free drink tickets. In the Cosmo. Super cool stairwell wall art . Strong drinks, albeit super expensive drinks. Really nice security.. . Cons:. If you're not on guestlist, one of the more expensive clubs.. Super confusing trying to find the bathroom. Super confusing trying to leave by stairs. Stairs, Stairs everywhere.. Small dance floors. Creepy old guys
its great to have a club that allows you to escape the noise and busyness to an outside area where you can talk to the special someone you just met at the bar.. . Consistently packed with the better than average looking and dressed crown, it's suprisingly easy to get in the front door.  Be a little bit patient and polite at the front door, pay a hefty cover, and that's it.  Inside, it's a little confusing trying to find the bathroom or exit, but there's staff around to direct you as you wander around lost your first time there.
I was really impressed with my most recent visit to Marquee last Friday. I haven't been here in awhile, but definitely still a great spot to party it up. I went to Hakkasan a few months back and I still like Marquee more. It's nice that there's a hip hop room and a main floor which playshouse music. The night I went the hip hop room was definitely bumpin' and it wasn't "ghetto" music, but more along the lines of top 40. Another good thing about Marquee is they have multiple outside areas, which most other clubs lack. These areas are the pool area near the main floor and the side area next to the hip hop room, which are nice for those who need a breath of fresh air and let some of that sweat dry off.  Surprisingly it wasn't super crowded for a Friday night like most clubs on the strip. That is the worse experience when you're trying to enjoy dancing and you can't even move because of the crowdedness. Drink prices are a bit steep considering I paid $36 for 2 red bull and vodkas, worst part is the bartender didn't bother asking me what type of vodka to use therefore automatically giving me the pricer one. I know for a fact that he served me the more expensive one because my friend who is a female only paid $32 for the same thing. Another downer is one of my experiences with a promoter. This past summer I tried getting my group on the Marquee guest list and the promoter asked me to send a picture of each girl in my group, really...?! I was shocked that he texted me that and decided to go somewhere else. With those negative aspects aside, Marquee will still be seeing more of me in the future.
Ok, so this time around I had a better experience at Marquee. My girl and I were asked to be at a table with the promoters where they were having bottle service. Couldn't pass that up. Free alchy! Also, we didn't come with people who brought drama. Thank god!. . I had a blast! Although the opening DJ wasn't that good, I danced the night away. We stayed in the main room the whole night. The restrooms were clean. I still hate the stairs.
I had a great time the few times I've been to Marquee. I've only been at night so I wouldn't know what the dayclub scene is like. They have great DJ's and several different areas and floors that have different types of music. . . Nikki sent me a message about a Hello Kitty event. So, I met up with another friend, went here a bit before 10pm, skipped the line, got our drink on...open bar FTW! We had as much Veuve, Dom Perignon, Hennessy and vodka our liver allowed us to have. Thank you, Louis Vuitton!. . What's funny was that nobody seemed to know what the Hello Kitty event was about and where exactly it was happening. But we know it was happening since we saw a few girls in HK garb. We walked outside at the cabana/pool area - nothing. We went upstairs to the library - nothing. Nikki and I (well, and my guy friend too since he had no choice) were on a mission to be one of the first 25 people there so we can get HK goodies. When we finally found the right spot, we all got our gift: HK bracelet and a HK mug, yay! They were also selling HK Philippines tote bags to benefit typhoon victims.. . Awesome night! Don't drink and drive, kids!
My boyfriend and I had a great time going to Marquee... thanks to a promoter both of us got comped admission to see Benny Benassi the night we went! . . We first went to the Hip Hop room, which was super fun because that's me and my bf's first love when it comes to dancing. We then ventured off to the main room, where Benny Benassi was playing. The stage was great, especially with the light shows and go go dancers. After dancing there for a while we checked out the outdoor area where the Dayclub is held, which was pretty refreshing since it was all hot and crowded inside! This area is pretty large, with booths and tables all around, and also pools (watch yo step!) We chilled by the bar for a while, and went back to the hip hop room where they played some good... until they played Ke$ha... seriously? Ke$ha? Who the f*ck requested that? That was our cue to leave and get some Earl's of Sandwich across the street lol. Overall, we had a great time here dancing and looking fiiooone.
Probably my favorite night club is Las Vegas! I love how it has 3 separate floors that accommodate a wide variety of guests! The bottom floor has a dance floor playing primarily hiphop music (whooo!), the main floor has a dance floor playing primarily house music (eh), and the top floor is for those who are just too cool to dance but love to sit around to chat :) There is also a pretty awesome view of the Strip from the balcony!
