"I'm goin goin back back to Cali Cali"...ok, I HAD to do that...moving on...!. . The last thing anyone wants to do is be at the airport on the morning of Christmas Eve, hungover, and with a little less than threehours of sleep. However, Sky Harbor Intl. Airport made my absolutely horrendous morning bearable and then some.. . I was expecting long lines when I checked in my bags at Southwest but it was surprisingly fast and efficient. I felt that my things were in good hands. I thought, "this is too good to be true! Security has to have crazy long lines!" Nope,  I was wrong. Security was a breeze. No lines. It all went by quite smoothly and it was nice of them to high-five me and wish me a safe flight. I think they could tell I was hungover and on zero sleep, but nevertheless, it was a sweet gesture.. . You'd think at 8 a.m. there would be millions of people at the airport but it was surprisingly very quiet. Stopped to get some food and a much needed cup of coffee and before I knew it, I was on my way back to the bay. Thank you Sky Harbor for making my trip from AZ back to CA effortless and stress-free!
Visiting my son in Scottsdale for the first time and I have to say the airport was clean, easy in and easy out. We flew Southwest so there was no nasty X-ray machine or anyone grabbing your goodies. :O)
I was reading a bunch of yelp reviews for this airport before my business trip to "prepare for the worst and hope for the best" (after all it's always good to know what to expect) but it wasn't the case for me.  I came from the Mineta San Jose International Airport to the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (as a connecting airport) and thankfully my flying arrangements worked out.  I was coming from one US Airways flight and was on my way to another US Airways flight.  I recommend trying to have the same airlines when connecting flights.. . I arrived at gate A6? (I forgot the gate but close enough) and had to catch my other flight at gate A27.  They were on opposite ends of Terminal 4 (where US Airways is) so I had to walk all the way there which took awhile.  It's not bad if you're not in a rush but I was almost in a rush.  I had enough time to buy something at Burger King (I wanted something for dinner before going on a long flight), eat/drink super quick, and board my next flight.  If that was already a "close call", then I don't want to know what happens if I didn't have the same airlines.  I wouldn't be surprised if it would be similar to other Yelpers' reviews about this place and not a good one.. . That's pretty much it.  Make sure you have the same airlines for connecting flights; otherwise, you might miss your flight.. . Oh and they sold hair gel at one of the stores; however, the hold of the gel was weak for my needs. Lol it was still better than no hair gel.
Phoenix airport (Sky Harbor) is one of the better airports to fly through.  Mainly because there's quite a few selections for bars / restaurants, as well as the weather there (hot / dry) means less chance of weather related lay overs.  = awesome.  Plus the "people-movers" are fantastic.
Always a quick in / quick out airport. Never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a security line, most of the time it is less than 5 minute wait. Lots of places to shop and eat, and there are multiple Starbucks.. . Free wifi but... I always have a difficult time with the connection. Perhaps to many people are "in the cloud."
Shocking news... Joi B is giving an airport a 4-star review (is this a first? Possibly). Well, it *is* tooted as "America's Friendliest Airport" and they don't lie! I like friendly airports!. . Oh yeah, I like this airport a whole hell of a lot. . . -extremely easy to navigate between gates in the terminal . -super fast check in (just about as fast as Kansas City, which is a much smaller airport) . -courteous security personal and getting past it is a breeze. I didn't even mind them throwing out my open bottle of water that I stupidly forgot to take out of my bag (I guess they are trained so that this airport lives up to its reputation. St. Louis Airport: you need to send your security personnel to train in Phoenix).. -adequate food and beverage choices pre- and post security gate . -bright and sparkling clean environs (Yeah, so it's dated. At least it's not dated and dingy. It also seems in keeping with a lot of the design styles I've encountered in my 5 days in Phoenix).. -good amount of bathrooms, clean and no lines. -gate/flight info is easy to find anywhere. -stunning view of the landscape from the wall of windows at the end of Gate D. -baggage area is clearly labeled and easy to navigate . -good signage all over. -there are tiny finches instead of rats hopping along on the floor looking for food (At LaGuardia, you're far more likely to find the latter...oh and btw I mention this because one just ran past my feet and my instinct was to jump up out of my seat. But imagine my delight upon seeing a cute bird instead of a filthy rodent! Woohoo!!). . Spending time airports is a regular occurrence for me and I dare say that this time has been a pleasurable experience.. . Only negatives: Not enough outlets (as is typical, SWA provides those uncomfortable bars you can sit at to plug in). Internet may be free but it's hella slow. At least it was today.. . Reading what some other people say about having to connect here and navigate the terminals, I'll hold back a star in case I ever have to deal with this inconvenience (and knowing my luck and past experience with airports, it's bound to happen).
The only fault is that the rental car place is a 10 minute bus ride.  . . Other than that, I find PHX to be easy and comfortable to navigate.  SFO, SJC, and PHX are probably the three airports I use the most.  I fly about 50,000 miles per year, and PHX has been one of the most trouble-free.  In-and-out.  I never have negative feelings with this airport unlike most of the others.. . Security lines are never terrible.  Signs and directions are large and easy to follow.  It rarely gets extremely crowded, unlike some hub airports which feel like a mile long subway train.  . . Travel can be grueling, and while not extravagant, airports like PHX try to make it easier.
The following is a few reasons why I dig Sky Harbor Airport. . . -Security moves pretty quickly.. -There are quite a few restaurant options. . -Everything is carpeted and very clean. . - They have free transportation that will take you from one terminal to another. . -Clean restrooms. -Free Wifi . - It might just be a Phoenix thing, but even the TSA agents were hot.. . I'm sure there are some cons as well, but all in all my experiences have always been pleasant flying in or out of here.
My review is based on Terminal 3, Delta!  Getting checked in at Delta was quick, security line was quick, and returning picking up my bags was quick too!  The signs are easy to read and easy to understand.  I was in Nassau, Bahamas' airport, the signs pointed everywhere!  Crazy!!
Sky Harbor Airport is one of the most modern looking airports.  On top of it, it has to be one of the easiest airports to get around.  You can either enter the airport off the 143 highway or you can go straight on 44th St going south.  Sky Harbor gives plenty of chances and warnings of which terminals to go to.  There is basically 2 different departure terminals and two different arrival terminals.  The arrival portion can be a bit confusing, so you need to coordinate with your ride to the airport.  Once you get out of the gate, you have an option of going to the South Side or North Side.. . I have to say that this airport never seems to get too busy.  I have come here during major holidays, and the traffic is never bad.  I am not sure if it is because of the structure or if there are not as many passengers going in and out of Phoenix.  . . I never really get airport food, but this airport has all sorts of varieties.  They have a few good bars near the terminals to relax and chill before a flight.
It's relatively easy to get in and out of here without hassle.
I just love going to the airport and sitting at the bar to people watch. It is a great place to meet new people. although I got bumped off of my flight it was a good time.
Phoenix Sky harbor Airport is a very busy place on most days. Terminal 4 is the one i use the most. It is organized and laid out well. If you read and follow the signs you will find your way around very easily. There are the people in Purple outfits that can answer your questions if you have any. It is a perfect grid with moving sidewalks so  you won't get lost and you get through quickly. Always give your self at least 2 hours before your flight because, sometimes security lines can be very long.  Not too much choice in restaurants,very high priced. Plus a few nice shops to buy this and that. They even have a drug store now,but be prepared to pay double. Parking in the garage is very high. So you want to park off site and take the shuttle in. Unless you don't care about spending. All in all a pretty nice airport.
Its an airport, folks!! I have no complaints about this place, really. Its clean and pretty simpleto navigate thru. The shopping is overpriced, of course, but I promise you this may be one of the best $4 bottles of water you ever purchased!! Another perk of this particular international hub is the fact that the security line is USUALLY pretty fast. This place offers free wi-fi, too!! The one downside: sluggish luggage retrieval.
Only was here for a couple of hours on a stopover.... . Lots of people on a Thursday morning.. Place looked new and clean with lots of eateries and shops available.. Looked way better, cleaner and newer than our San Diego location.
Very clean airport.
You are so clean, Sky Harbor. . I don't mind flying out of this airport. The flight attendants are nice.. . Security is fast and thorough. I really dislike one lady that works in security, because she was rude to me for no reason. It probably wouldn't have bugged me so much if it weren't for the fact that it was 11:45 PM, I had just worked a double, and I was being forced to fly to Ohio....where it was cold and still had snow on the ground.. Oh not to mention on my Spring Break. . . Anyway, the stores are nice and have a good amount of nice items to buy for your flight to keep you occupied. . . Flights are on time the majority of the time, and when they aren't they at least warn you.. *cough cough* Cleveland Hopkins International *cough cough*.. . I suppose it could use some remodeling.
I'm a little torn. Sometimes I really love this airport, and other times I don't. . . The food options are great, but since I live here I usually have a full stomach before I leave. The parking situation is a clustershuck (again, trying not to swear), so if you are picking someone tell that person to get their own ride. Unless it's your Mom. Then it's ok.. . The exits and return to airport are marked very clearly. Only jackasses have problems here. . . Redeeming factors: Navigating the inside of the airport is easy. Security is great and efficient. Paradise Bakery inside. Also, TONS of power outlets to charge your ish.. . Can't wait to fly outta Sky Harbor, and come back!
I like this airport. I had my layovers here and spent several hours roaming the terminals. . . It's clean, not TOO crowded, and most importantly, there's charging stations for your electronic devices. Well, at the Southwest gates, that is. . . Only downfalls are that there aren't too many "good" fast food joints and you have to scout out for the outlets to plug your electronic devices.
Average little airport.  Typical layout with the moving sidewalks between terminals.
I luv flying in this airport. Its super fun, easy and friendly staff. I luv how its always kept so clean even during construction times of different stores. . . Waiting like 2 hours for my flight and wishfully, hopefully thinking that please please please don't get canceled again! I was starving from the weekend... yes it was a rough one! I decided to peruse my options of eateries....Coffee and a blueberry muffin @ Paradise.. Pretty damn good - $7 worth of scrumptiousness... then . . I LOVE the fact I can still go to a Wendy's in an airport and not pay $ 10 for a sand which, they even had a dollar menu.. i know i know its all the way WTF? So note taken.. no price gouging here! . . Then to my surprise... my flight came and my little adventure in sky harbor had ended... til we see each other soon!. . Oh I will be back!
Fast and efficient but very expansive and large; it takes a long walk from one gate area to another
It's an airport, and what exactly does one look for/expect from such an establishment? Currently I want free wi-fi most. Free wi-fi at Sky Harbor... Check. Secondly, convenient economy parking is a must. Convenient economy parking at Sky Harbor... Check. Not to mention the shuttle drivers are always friendly and small talk-ready.. . The TSA folks here also seem to smile and playfully banter with travelers more readily than at other airports. Perhaps this is due in part to Sky Harbor's "America's Friendliest Airport" marketing ploy, but in any case it's certainly something to remark about.. . I doubt Phoenix will turn into any sort of true travel hub in the near future, but more non-stop international flights would certainly be welcomed. But until the demand is clearly defined we'll have to be content with a few flights to Europe, Canada, Mexico, and the lone wolf to Costa Rica.. . I am very excited to see the Sky Train completed and operational with Stage One scheduled to be up and running in 2013. This will allow connections from the light rail and offer a new mode of transportation from the east economy lot to terminal 4.. . I've seen previous reviews complaining about having to go back through security when changing terminals, which is actually the case in many airports throughout the world. The terminal is the secure area so whenever you leave it you naturally have to be screened again. There are a few exceptions, but the easiest way to circumvent this is to fly the same airline from point A all the way to point B. If you're connecting at Sky Harbor you should only be flying US Airways/United or Southwest so as to avoid a terminal change. If you're not flying these carriers then you're over-complicating things for yourself and you should look for different routing.. . The central location of Sky Harbor makes it extremely accessible for people living in most parts of the valley, which is a huge plus considering the location of other airports outside of their corresponding metropolitan areas. All in all, there's really nothing significant to complain about Sky Harbor.. . P.S. The Fox Sports Grill at Sky Harbor is a true embarrassment, not that one should expect a great deal from airport restaurants, but if Kraft Mac-N-Cheese (this is probably a poor example as KMNC provides a perfect vehicle for some truly delicious creations) is far superior to what you're serving, then you should just end it all. Fact.
My flight was delayed over 2 hours.. What kept me sane ?. Free wi-fi.. Why don't all airports have this ? . Great way to keep customers pacified.. (except the one arrogant lawyer who took pleasure in annoying staff and worrying other travelers). . There are limited food options once you pass security for JetBlue. . A kind TSA officer directed me to a bar near Delta gates. It involved a pass. thru security but with 2 hrs to kill I didn't mind.. While I had chauffeur service (courtesy of my brother ) the airport is accessible via mass transit.. 3.5 stars
Not very busy and easy to get through security.
I'm a big fan of this airport. It's clean and easy to get around.  The security line can be long, but it moves pretty fast.  They used to have the rental cars at the airport, but now they have a location that contains all rental cars.  You have to take a bus.  Takes about 12 minutes each way.  Very easy.
I like Sky Harbor a lot. This could be because it's my "home" airport, in that I'm from Phoenix and I fly back pretty regularly (every 2 months or so).. . I'm comparing it to 2 other airports I also fly/flew out of frequently: Denver, and Spokane. Denver: nightmare. Spokane: heaven.. . Phoenix/Sky Harbor falls in between those two. SH is definitely not as hard to navigate as Denver. If you get lost in SH, you're pretty pathetic. No offense, but there are signs everywhere and you don't have to take a train. Also, there are moving walkways everywhere too. And, when I've been there, those skycap guys who drive you around (if you ask) are always around too. So you could ask for directions, if you were that lost.. . On the other hand, terminal 4 can be a nightmare... when it comes to parking/being dropped off. I've done both, many times, and hot damn. I'm really surprised more people don't get into accidents at SH when they drop off people. Also, the security guys outside yell at you if you dare stay there longer for any more than 5 seconds. I mean, really. I was carrying a heavy bag walking to my boyfriend's car when a security guy yelled at him to "keep moving." Ummm... I'm right here dude!! Sorry I can't run any faster to catch his car!. . I fly Southwest mostly, though I've flown Alaska (terminal 2). Terminal 2 is obviously a lot less bothersome than 4, because it's less used. However, I don't remember how good the food options are in Terminal 2 so... expect fast food.. . Terminal 4 has pretty great food options. They've got my requirements: Einstein's and Starbucks. They also have some Mexican food restaurant options, and a Cinnabon! They really have a lot of options, so you won't starve.. . Free wi-fi. YES!. . Bags arrive quickly. YES! When Denver totally ruins your bag (thanks, DIA!) and it finally gets delivered in Phoenix, the Southwest front desk people are really nice and accommodating, no matter how pissed you are. I'm speaking from personal experience, in case you couldn't tell! :). . All in all, I'm always pleased with my trips to Phoenix. It's not as fabulous as Spokane but... it's also not Spokane, thank god!
Sky Harbor International Airport is the best international airport in Arizona. Ha, kidding. Seriously though I've been to a lot of airports and Sky Harbor is clean, the staff is friendly, and it's easy to navigate. They have pretty good eateries as well. They are doing a major construction project on the airport to add a high speed tram that will allow travelers to more easily get from terminal to terminal, as well as their cars if parked in long term parking. Once finished it should be even easier to get to where you need to be. Without much in the way of choices for airports it's good to have one that is so centrally located, easy to navigate, is comfortable, and has friendly people working there.
Another reason that I love the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is because I can always get through the security in record speed. I have never waited longer than 10 minutes and that is pretty amazing.
I feel like I've spent most of my waking hours in airports sitting in Terminal 4.They've got a decent food court; however, Terminal 4 seems to be one of the more busier terminals (I think they mostly house the Southwest Airline gates), so if you're in a rush, you might want to opt for a sandwich from the newsstand instead. Terminal 4 is also home to a flock of sparrows. Nature never fails to entertain when you're waiting for a delayed flight. I haven't been pooped on yet, which is also a good thing.
Sky Harbor Airport has the coolest dog walking area I have ever seen! It has a small doggie drinking fountain... its shaded... and it even has a FIRE HYDRANT! . . I think I will take it upon myself to visit every airport in the country and review the pet sanitary situation! :). . I am sure there is a website idea in there somewhere.
It wasn't until recently, when Sky Harbor was listed as one of the busiest airports in the nation, that I developed the appropriate appreciation for this Air Hub.. . Sky Harbor maintains that small town feeling that you get from other airports like John Wayne, Des Moines, or Sioux City while moving the volume like Chicago O'Hare, George Bush, and Minneapolis St. Paul do.. . Understand that NO-ONE can rival the efficiency of Atlanta's Jackson Hartsfield Airport.  If it wasn't in Atlanta, that would be my FAVORITE Airport.  But it is and that leaves the Number 1 spot open for Phoenix Sky Harbor.. . Friendly Staff, Helpful People, Good Food, Nice Shops - This Airport has it all!  And at the core is a well laid out, well planned airport that can get you from your car (personal or rental) to your flight in a minimal amount of effort and with all of the charm and relaxed pace of a small town airport.. . I truly hope you enjoy your flight out of PHX and BACK!
What can I say.. It's an airport, I don't spend much time here I usually arrive about 45 minutes before they board the plane. I've never had to stand in security very only except after the Fiesta bowl. . . employees seem nice, TSA has never bothered me. I like smaller airports like this one and Burbank CA.
Never a delay and that's why I am a fan!
A decent airport that features free wifi, limited shopping, and average TSA employees.  The lines are seldom long and their retired people in Purple that go out of their way to help you out.  They are building a sky train which will make transportation between terminals easier.  I would give this airport a 3 but free wifi makes me have to give it a 4 :) . . *insider tip: terminal 4 has showers in the bathrooms by the baggage claim
As someone who lives in Phoenix, I give Sky Harbor an enthusiastic 5 stars: the airport is incredibly close to downtown, you can park at the terminal and be walking through security about 2 minutes later, and the security line is rarely long.  Combined, these attributes enable me to leave my house about an hour beforemy flight, which makes the airport a winner in my book.. . However.... I can see how the airport would be lacking a bit for the connecting traveler.  Decor's a little outdated, some of the food options downright suck (Blue Burrito, anyone?) and seating can be hard to come by during popular flight times.  I consider the advertising for "free Wifi" to be a cruel joke, as it's taken about 10 minutes to load a single page each time I've tried.  The airport probably deserves 2-3 stars for connections, and I'll round up due to the fact that PHX has great weather, which minimizes weather-related delays.. . Taking the average, 4 stars: not too shabby :)
Wow, I am totally for airports with WiFi.  Give us a break and let us enjoy some surfing online and email checking.  Food here was average.  I ate this Yoshi's Chinese food and it was greasy.  Oh well, this place is getting huge.  Skytram will be coming in 2013 which will connect to light rail into parts of Phoenix.  Pretty cool!!!!  The scenery is just fantastic seeing all the mountains around you.  Great walk around terminals A, B, C, and D.  It's basically a big U shaped with arteries.  Great for speed walking before your plane leaves.
Great organization, rarely have to wait in lines, nice people and free wi-fi.  Out of the airports I fly into this is by far the best. Still only 4 stars because you may be great - but airports are still somewhat of a hassle!
Good airport. A lot of food and stores. There are "random" TSA checks upon entering a plane.
We recently flew to Denver from Phoenix and were very pleased with the efficency and friendliness of all the people working there. They made the whole process very easy and everything went smoothly thanks to their expertise. The Denver Airport had a lot more places to eat but they were very rude there. Yay, Phoenix, for doing such a great job!
Phoenix is one of the nicer airports that I have visited. I love the large area of restaurants and shopping to pass the time. The airport is very clean as well. No worries at this airport!
I have been in only about six or seven airports, but this one definitely stands out in my memory as being the nicest.  Due to a missed connection, I had to spend a good 11 hours in this airport on standby for a red-eye to Charlotte, NC.  And while spending that much time in an airport is never fun, if it had to happen, I'm glad it happened here.  There are a lot of options for food.  The lighting is bright and cheery (as opposed to the dismal airport we landed at in Charlotte), and there was free wireless internet (always a major plus for me).  And it was clean!  I never thought I would care about the cleanliness of an airport, but once you have to spend half a day in one, it definitely starts to matter.
Easy airport to get to get to and navigate thru security, parking, your gate, etc, although the food selection is rather sparse once you get past security.. .  The security lines are virtually non-existent, except for that morning after the Auburn National Championship game. Funny - I don't remember who they played, do you ever remember the loser of a title game? Anyways, the lines were practically out the door that morning.
Plenty of places to eat but this airport is massive!
Decent airport.  Relatively clean.  Southwest is terminals are easy to get to.  No security lines.  If you're not used to the heat though, this is truly... the gateway to hell.. . What makes this airport a win?  Thundarr the Barbarian reruns in the kids area next to my gate.  I almost missed boarding zoning out this this ish.
Day 037/365. Yelp Challenge 2011. . I ate a delicious black bean/two cheese/no lard burrito at the Blue Burrito Grille, located near gate A20, in the US Airway wing.  The lemonade was also bottomless ("immediate refills only" said their sign, didn't specify how long "immediate" really was).  There's also two CPK take out locations, along with a TCBY, and a Burger King, all in the same one area.  I haven't had TCBY since college.. . I emailed Levi in Tucson and let him know that I was just passing through AZ.  I've never been to the actual towns of Phoenix or Tuscon.
SkyHarbor seems to be cleaning up its act. The TSA lines are shorter and more are open than I remember from the past. I like the free wifi and the restaurant and shop choices are good. . . This is still a super busy airport, especially on SouthWest.
I travel a lot! And I have to say Phoenix Sky Harbor is my fav airport so far!  Never any issues with getting to where I need to go or coming back.  Always look forward to the next I have to travel on through!
I like this airport, it's huge. I usually dislike oversized hubs but I like Phoenix. It's layout is friendly and organized, the long, flat, escalators make you feel like your super-human-power-walking, love it.. . It has a ton of shopping and good bars. I think there is 11 jewelry stores in the airport alone, which would suck if it were anywhere else, but when your in Arizona your in the Mecca of awesome craft jewelry masters from all the local Native American tribes. That do amazing turquoise and silver work. . . Highly airconditioned so bring your hoodie. Barfly is a decent bar for a cold cocktail.
Free internet, clean and friendly people with tons of places to eat and shop.  It's seriously like a mall!  Huge and spread out so you might end up walking quite a way for a connecting flight, however, the amenities make you forget about the walk.  Plus you might need it after a meal here.  Oh yeah did I forget to mention free internet?!
Damn that's a big ass airport.  Not as crazy spread out as, like Minneapolis, but still pretty large.  Fortunately, plenty of moving walkways to get you around.. . Couldn't find any decent sit down restaurants, but they have some nice fast food style places for hot dogs and cinnabons and such.. . Only flown in and out of here a few times but haven't had any delayed flights like those that plague other airports (SFO, ATL).. . Congrats to Arizona for having a good airport despite being racist!!!
As long as I'm flying out of Terminal 4, I will cry no more.. . Ok, horrible attempt at rhyming but whatevs, I've always enjoyed flying in and out of here when I lived in Phoenix and now while visiting. However, only if it's terminal 4 since it's the biggest terminal with the most action going on. They've done a lot of renovations in the shopping area with new restaurants, a brighter appearance and such. However, my main gripe is that the restaurants could stay open later. I usually take the red eye home and if I want to grab something to eat right before, I'm SOL.Also, I could start with the annoyance that is the never ending construction at the airport but let's just not go there (on a brighter note they are getting the train line here in the next two years--faster access to the east valley!). . If you're not in too much of a hurry, try lounging in their wicker furniture before you go through security--very comfy!
I've never really had a problem at Sky Harbor. It's always been quick and easy. Airport is generally clean as well.. . PS - I hate the TSA and their feel-you-up searches.
Three stars if I'm departing and have to go through TSA in Terminal 4.  Four stars if I'm arriving because it means I'm home!
I have been to a lot of airports and have been to Sky Harbor probably a hundred times. It's a great airport to get in and out of but I can see how it would be a little confusing your first time. Security is always quick and easy and I have never been sexually assaulted by a TSA agent... yet.
Phoenix Sky Harbor, is well located in the middle of all the Valley citys. Parking, However is very exspensive. But, what can you do??     It is a large airport with a lot going on. At least one moving sidewalk to always broken which makes things a little harder to get around.     (Terminal 4) There is free Wi- fi and a few really over priced shops and places to eat. Other than that it is a great place to get from point A to point B.
Nice clean airport with lots of places to shop and lots of food options.  Terminal 4 is nice.. . Two things:  . . 1.  The marathon walk from the Southwest ticket counter to the D gates...good God, they need a tram or moving walkway.. . 2.  The Security bag screening machines are old and tiny; my bag got stuck; it's NEVER been a problem at any other airport I've been through (SMF, LAS, SNA, ONT, SAN, BUR, SEA, LAX...). . Oh, and if you rent a car, be sure to allow extra time because the shuttle ride to/from the airport itself is at least 10 minutes.  But it's a nice rental car area...
I cant believe the size of this airport! . . For the short time was there (changing planes) I did notice that for all the traffic that was going through this place, it was kept amazingly clean. Plus there is also a huge variety of food to choose from. So yeah, if you fly all over the place you could do soooooo much worse as far as airports go. . . ARE YOU LISTENING LAX!?
PHX, my old friend. You are a friendly stop between where I've been to where I'm going. US Airways, which lands here, has got me through some tough times. It's comforting to know that if I cannot fly out, it's only an eight hour drive to home. At the gate I landed at, there was a Starbucks and a Quizno's. This airport also boasts free wifi.
I don't have much to say about the Phoenix airport. I was here for a total of two hours split between two layovers STL-LAX, and I didn't explore much beyond the A gates in the low numbers. But there's one reason and one reason only that I'm giving this place more than the standard A-OK rating for an airport.. . Are you ready for this?. . There's a photo of Bono. A large photo. A mural, really. It's part of a tiny bar, but it's right next door to a Pizza Hut. And it makes me laugh and grin like you wouldn't believe. Bono found what he was looking for in Phoenix.
Probably one of the cleanest airports I have been in, and I have been in a lot of them.. . One of the first things I noticed as we exited our flight was the huge banner in the center of the airport that said "FREE WIFI HERE". Now that is kick ass! (you listening Atlanta airport which charges you for it?). . Seems like a lot of decent spots to grab a bite to eat, shop, and take care of business while waiting for a flight. Clean bathrooms. Good signage and easy to find baggage claim area. Luggage came out quickly and shuttle buses to the car rental area is clearly marked. The whole place is spotless and has a fun decor for an airport. Nice people working here too. . . Cool lobby area with an old fashioned propeller plane hanging from the ceiling descending into a canyon. Very Disney-like scene as even the walls were made to look like stone around it. Definitely one of the better airports I have flown to. Everything just seemed so effortless here.
Straight forward to get in and get out of the airport. The airport seems to be constantly updating certain areas each time I stop by!
i don't know what this airport has such a low rating...  i've been to a variety of airports around the country and this has to be one of the cleanest and most organized ones!  the only downfall i see is they need a few more signs to direct people to the correct shuttle areas...  we had a hard time finding the rental car shuttle.
This is ridiculous, but every time I come to this particular airport, I feel compelled to buy something from the souvenir shops. I don't do this at any other airport, just this one. Maybe it's because someone told me that it is supposedly ranked as one of the prettiest airports at night?. . What makes an airport pretty at night? I've only been here during the day, and I cringe every time because it means I'm in Phoenix. And sorry to say it, but who wants to go to Phoenix, unless you have family here. It's hot, flat, and a quiet town. Or maybe I just haven't been to all the right places. yet.
Airport was very clean and has the nice and funniest employees I have ever dealt with. They were so helpful and even made funny jokes to brighten my day. Hope I have another connecting flight here in the future, would enjoy passing thru again.
I was only in Phoenix for about 14 hours, but many of those hours were spent at PHX thanks to a super delayed flight.. . This airport is massive, but it's easy to navigate.. . FREE WIFI! It's not very fast, but free is just fine when you're being held hostage by US Airways' incompetence.. . The whole rental car shuttle system is brilliant. More airports should do this. BRILLIANT.
I'd have to say this is one of my favorite airports to connect though.  I've never been delayed and the food selection during layovers is decent - I recommend the burrito place. I enjoy the free wifi a lot too.. . There is a shuttle that goes to the metro that will take your downtown.  It's easy to use and cheap.  I highly recommend it.. . That being said, when you are flying out of PHX - give yourself LOTS of time if you have a rental car to return.  Like 2 hours to park the car at the rental place, get on the shuttle, and get over to the terminal.  I didn't give myself enough time and missed the cut off for my flight by like ten minutes and wound up with a PHX-LAS-CLT-IND red eye instead of my PHX-IND flight that I was supposed to be on. i'm still bitter about it.
PHX is one ofthe better airport experiences. C'mon people, we're not talking about a ritzy resort or spa, we're talking about an airport! And when it comes to airports, PHX ranks pretty strongly in my book. Sure, delays are the worst, but PHX is a pretty darn reliable place to fly.. . The food is good -- shout-out to El Bravo -- and the airport is super reliable (probably single most important criterion if you ask me). It's clean, relatively new (at least T4 is), and generally very fast. If I have to hang out for a couple hours in an airport, PHX is on my top 10 list of "pleasant airports" (sounds like an idiom!).. . Overall, great airport!
Spacious, clean airport with a nice smooth transportation system between the different parts; free Wifi is a bonus!   Not that many plugs which is a shame for an airport anymore.  Been here several times and don't recall it getting plugged up, even on the holidays.  Actual coordination between the baggage claims and the flights, with updated displays....something we lack in Chicago!  Central location to the town.   Car rental areas accessible by a bus.
Seeing that I fly out of PHL (Philadelphia International Airport) PHX is a dream.  This airport is huge, easy to get in and out of and has really nice TSA agents.  I really like how there are places to eat and shop prior to going through security so if you needed to wait and you're not flying, its very welcoming.
It's a nice and clean airport.  Dang airport security here is so over the top though.  I'm not sure what it is but every time I come through this airport it seems as if TSA here takes their job over-the-top (and not like the totally awesome movie Stallone was in).  But it is a clean and nicer airport.
Alright, I am reviewing an airport. I have been thru a ton of airports in my life and I would have to say that Phoenix is one of the easier and friendlier airports. I guess if you grade on a curve Phoenix would be one of the top airports around. That being said it's not a very busy airport so that helps them a ton.
Flew here not long ago for the first time and this airport is not too shabby! It's clean, easy to get around, lots of windows, good hub for SouthWest, and I encountered some friendly staff. . . It's great if you are looking to get to Phoenix or Scottsdale, both are very close. There are some good restaurants and shops in at Sky Harbor, worthwhile to check out if you are waiting for your flight. There are also a good amount of outlets are gates if you need to plug in your electronics. Found some super comfy seats to sit in as well while waiting. Best thing about this airport is they offer free wi-fi. That makes me happy, thank you for doing that. . . Overall, no complaints here, I like this airport!
Compared to the many airports I've visited, PHX is one of my favorites. . . The main terminal before you go through security is super nice and filled with pretty mosaic decor, a Paradise Bakery, a full Starbucks, and many more enticing shops that will draw you in despite the lack of time you have to make it to your plane. But alas, another awesome win for those traveling here is the quick and painless, security checkpoint. Unless, of course, you are stuck behind a couple that has never flown before and have to keep getting turned around to walk back through the metal detector to take off the belt, oh, whoops you forgot to take out your wallet too? Oh and you need to now go back to remove your juicy track jacket AND take off your flip flops?! Silly, traveler, and yes, all of us are silently (but some not so silently) judging you. But, that's not really the airport's fault. Anyway, in the summer times I have seen complimentary paper booties for those to put on who wore flip flops. and don't want to walk through barefoot, nice touch.. . After security it's a hit or miss on shops and/or restaurants depending what gate you have to go towards. Another one of the main bonuses of this airport is how clean it is and how well kept the bathrooms are! The staff working here are generally pretty happy and willing to help you out with any questions you might have. Oh, and Sky Harbor offers free wifi!
Due to flight issues, I spent four hours in this airport, and thankfully this was a great airport to be stuck in!  It's actually a beautiful airport...super clean and beautiful artwork all around. . . It's easy to navigate and has excellent food choices.  If you are in Terminal 4, you must eat at Paradise Bakery and Cafe! It is before you go through security.  Fresh muffins and lots of healthy sandwiches and salads.  There are also really cute shops and even an art gallery!  . . Luckily I kept myself busy and the 4 hours went by pretty quickly.
We traveled through the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport this week for work and found the experience A-OK. Phoenix is a clean, modern airport with lots of shops and restaurants and easily navigated. There was no line at security and we had our shoes off and on in no time. No complaints or problems whatsoever.
Clean airport with tons of fantastic veg friendly options for dining!. And, can you believe it.... the bathrooms were nearly sparkling. Not even joking.. . The End.
I flew out of (and into) this airport for the holidays. The process was painless once inside the airport, but their setup with the roads, ramps, and terminals is so absolutely convoluted. I've never been to a more confusing airport with regards to traffic.. . That being said, once inside, it was quick to check-in and get my bags checked. I also was traveling with my puppy who was so warmly welcomed by everyone, staff and otherwise. They had no issue with him being out, unlike other airports.. . A huge perk is a dog park they have outside Terminal 4 to walk dogs before/after flying. Made me feel a lot less nervous about the 5+ hour trip across the country, and I'm sure it made my dachshund a lot happier too!
Power outlets and USB outlets everywhere. What else does a traveler on a layover need?
4-stars because it is really easy to get in and out of the airport without a lot of walking or long lines if you're a smoker and have some time between flights.. . I was really intrigued by the woman at the TSA checkpoint, who was reciting all sorts of travel tips in a TV Voice, but with no expression on her face.  She was really kind of amazing, and the contrast of her facial expression and her voice actually made me listen.. . Not many food choices, though...a couple more restaurants would be nice.
The pros: Free wifi, short security lines. The cons: Not too much food selection as compared with LAX or even Austin. Takes forever to get to the car rental center like LAX. . Overall good experience!
I've been through better but this one aint bad.  I love the smell of airports too.  It reminds me of going somewhere fun.  At least it does since I don't travel for work anymore.  Sky Harbor has the average food choices, has been decently upgraded, parking is OK.  I really don't have much to complain about.
Nice and clean airport overall... enjoyable experience, except when you miss your flight and you're stuck there longer than expected.
The TSA was extremely friendly and understanding
I am a fan of PHX - and why not? It is my home town airport. . . Your experience will really depend on which terminal you fly out of - which most of my adult life has been terminal 4.  But I remember as a kid, Terminal 2 was pretty cosmopolitan and the short term parking was just across the street.  . . Terminal 4 is lacking in the food/amenities department, but they are working on it.  The best experience is on the concourse, before the security gates.  But if you didn't know and headed to your gate, you still have a few options, but you can't be picky.  . . My favorite is Blue Burrito - located near A26 side of the terminal. And there are plenty are Sbux around, however, pay attention to your bill.  I've been overcharged before.. . On my last visit, terminal 4 is getting a Modern Burger and Blanco Y Tequila spot...which is super cool.  They are both owned by the Fox chain of restaurants, so they are nothing uber unique, but he does have a knack for coming up with cool concepts to lure you in.  And spend your money.  So there is that to look forward too :). . There is free wifi and the security lines can be short...but when they aren't the TSA really stinks at managing them.  But how is that different from any other airport?  . . If you do end up in PHX ....the best experience to be had is outside of the airport.  And looking out of all the windows in Terminal 4 you can see all sides of the valley and the beautiful mountains you could be climbing.
Modern and clean facilities and generally decent customer service.  In my many times through here, it has always been very easy to get from point A to point B.
I fly here from SFO regularly. PHX is always clean, it has lots of dining options, the employees are genuinely friendly; this is overall a very pleasant airport. . . Their TSA seems to be a little on the strict side, but not unreasonably strict if you play by the rules and don't cause a scene (i'm looking at you, dude who refused to put his wallet in the x-ray tray). . . PHX is usually my starting point or ending point and I rarely make transfers or deal with cancelled flights. It is a sprawling airport so I could see how rushing from gate to gate could be a hassle.
I flew through PHX on my way to and from the West coast from Georgia. It has been a while since I've been at this airport.. . This time I flew US Airways which pretty much dominates Terminal 4 - A & B Gates. The almost 60 gates are spread out into four wings connected by moving walkways.. . On my way west, I arrived in the far A gate and my connecting flight was in the far B gate. I had an hour in between flights. This allowed me just enough time to casually walk the six or so moving walkways, use the restroom and grab a bottle of water. I must mention that I was also wearing heels, which slowed me down considerably since I haven't worn heels in a long time! So, if you are traveling with children, aren't fast on your feet or want time to grab some food, I would recommend booking flights that have a longer connection time.. . On my way back, I had an hour again but was in comfortable shoes; so, I was able to quickly walk between the wings with time enough to grab a snack. The only issue I had was that my departing gate was in the end of the wing. The gates are closer together and the waiting area is smaller. Out of the four or five gates within view, at least three of them were attempting to board at the same time. This caused some confusion amongst the crowd. I think it would be smart to stagger departing flights or at least have the announcers say the flight number every time they make an announcement. That's more of a problem for US Airways, but I thought it would be helpful to warn people to be aware of other departing flight announcements.
Plenty of shopping, plenty of food, and that's just in terminal 4 - I haven't even checked out the others, yet. I like this airport.
A little confusing but I got where I needed to go. I like how they have a waiting area for you and your car, while you're waiting for the person your're picking up. So you can use your cell and watch the arrivals on a big screen, very cool! Need one  in OC!!
Although I've never flown into or out of this airport, I've been here a few times to pick people up when I'm in town. Sky Harbor is ridiculously easy to access from the freeways and ridiculously easy to park at.. . The airport itself seems to be the standard, albeit a little small for the number of planes coming and going daily!  Plenty of touristy shops and cafe/restaurants.  I'm a fan of the small art gallery in A.. . Sky Harbor is friendly little airport.  No need to fear it if you need to stop by!
Easy to get in and out of the Southwest terminal (especially if you are A list).  I miss the days of WYDS (wear your dang shoes) and BYOW (bring your own water).
This place is almost like going to Bob Hope Burbank Airport in California (good thing) in terms of getting in and out without too much hassle. I am speaking from only one experience, but I had no problem going through security. My only complaint is getting there and driving all around inside the airport to finally get to your terminal. I'm not really sure who designed it, but they weren't the brightest I think...?
I'm a Flight Attendant based here, so I'm here quite a bit.  I love how easy it is to access Sky Harbor from the Freeways and 44th St., so it's always quick to get in and get out.  Parking is also easy.. . The TSA folks tend to be fairly nice here, but be warned that the customs area is very, very small and you can get held up for a while when the once-daily British Airways 747 lands.
I love to travel and have always had no trouble getting in and out of Pheonix Sky Harbor Airport.. The people are friendly, food choices are good and pricing is about the same you would pay at any airport.  I really like the cell phone lot that has a huge screen that tells you when the flight your waiting for comes in.. Really helpful!
I come to this airport more times per year than I care to think about. Over the years, I have watched Sky Harbor grow and some oddities:. . Where's Terminal #1? Ok, so the airport has 3 major terminals---since I've flown Alaska/Delta/Southwest in the past year, I have arrived at Terminals 2,3, 4, respectively. One day I stopped to gaze at the map noticing there is no Terminal 1. Hmmm, this is odd. (Footnote: T1 was demolished in 1991 per the web site.). . How many of my friends met their significant other/spouse in Sky Harbor? Answer is 2. I can't tell folks of any airport other than Sky Harbor where this has happened.. . How much time do I need to allocate for a rental pickup/return? Well, it depends on time of day and day of the week; but, 20-30 minutes is a bare minimum. I know there's a Sky Harbor train somewhere, but it's not connected to the rental cars.. . Who runs the airport? Oddly, the City of Phoenix v some airport commission.. . Are the Southwest terminals (Doors A,B, C and D) connected after going through the TSA line? Yes!....an undocumented feature is Terminal #4 is shaped like an inverse letter "c" in terms of layout. I suggest you enter semi-close to your flight, but if the line is crazy, simply switch entrances. A to D is the longest walk, but there are moving sidewalks.. . There's free wifi and lot's of choices on food and drink. I've only been stuck here when it was too hot for planes to leave due to lack of lift and during the occasional thunderstorm. (Re-fueling isn't a great move.). . All in all, I like Sky Harbor and its oddities!
Probably my favorite airport to date.  The employees are warm and welcoming.  There is never a crazy line at security.  On Thanksgiving there was no line at security!  Kudos just for that.  On the down side: restaurants close early, getting around the airport is super confusing, and chuck the annoying guys working outside the terminal.
I've been to this airport twice. Once on a layover to Vegas and more recently on a trip to Florida. So first of all, the aiport is nice, modern, and clean. . . I can't complain about that, and it's pretty damn huge as well. It's nice to have a lot of square footage, since sometimes layovers can take a few hours, but on the other hand it could completely suck if your layover only gives you a 10 minute time window. . . The food court and various eateries are great and it's not too expensive either. . . The only complaint I have is that the airline I traveled with  (American Airlines) moved the gates and they didn't inform the people sitting at the original gate. This was very unprofessional as I was on time for the correct gate and they didn't bother to announce it, causing me to miss my flight and a huge headache for the remainder of the trip.
It is a huge airport, but that's not the fault of anything but the passengers who take flights in, out, and through there. Getting around takes time, but you can do it. There is a remote terminal that requires a trip through the TSA Goon Squad on some connections, and that is not a good thing.. . On the upside, it's rarely going to be closed for weather issues. And, most important of all, it has free Wifi!
getting nicer each time I comes in here...
Once they can figure out their latest food contracts with HMS this will be one of the best airports in the nation.  Clean and well run my only complaint would be that the rental car stations are REALLY far away and the only way you can get there is by shuttle bus.  Plan accordingly if you have kids or lots of luggage because its a major pain in the butt to drag one or both along for the ride.
Very efficient airport.  Flying from SD, i have to stop here a lot.  It's always clean.
Sky Harbor has always been an easy airport to get in and out of. It's pretty much a giant loop. And since the renovations and whatnot, it looks awesome. They've even changed up the signage, making signs bigger and brighter. The layout of the airport is people friendly; one can navigate their way fairly easily through it. The people are friendly, and they have a decent selection for food, probably more so when some of the local restaurants are going to open in the airport.
I think this is my favorite airport I have been to in the last two months. I was extremely happy to find out they have free wifi! This is a major plus for me. They security line was easy breezy (I was traveling United) and the staff seemed friendly. Even when I sat down for a quick cocktail and bite to eat the server made sure I got everything fast. Best airport I've been to in awhile, and I travel a lot!
Great airport of you are here on a layover. TSA could be faster...however they could hire people under 50 years old. Great selection of restuarants and shops.
I've been flying out of or into this place my entire life.  Never a bad experience.  . . Be careful though - the north curb and south curb throw a lot of people off when you're trying to pick someone up.  Make sure you clarify.
Well-run, easy to use airport.  Need I say more?
I love Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. It is one of the nicest that I have been in, counting DEN, PHL, Ohare among others. I like the restaurants that are in the airport, as well as the shops. There is even a bus that brings you to the airport from the Metro Light Rail Station.
My home airport, so with work travel, I'm passing through here very often. I prefer Terminal 4 because of the variety of eating/drinking options for pre-flight enjoyment, and 2 and 3 are just OK and don't offer so much in amenities... but they're less crowded and that is a nice plus.  Also, free wifi!. . I rarely get lost in here and to be honest, security here has never been an issue... lines have been long going to gates in Term 4 but they move fairly quickly.. . I don't do body-scans (my personal choice), so if you choose to do the same, when you put your crap in the conveyor belt and you note they are only doing body scanners, alert the TSA person and let them know you'll need a pat-down (or a groping.. feel-up.... whatever you wanna call it ;)).  Electing to do this takes me longer to get through security, but I prefer it and plan ahead.. . Also, if you have a digital boarding pass on your iPhone or Android and go through a *different* gate (they are mostly all connected via runways, etc) due to the line at the gate you're supposed to go through, note that they may not be able to scan your digital boarding pass... this happened to us once when we went to another gate with a significantly shorter line.. luckily they had the kiosk just there so I ran out of line and printed them out while hubby held my spot.  FYI!!
I think as far as airports go, Sky Harbor is pretty great. As other Yelpers have stated, for such a large airport the security check goes relatively quickly. Terminal 4 is the biggest/best with restaurants, shops, etc but the other terminals are fine as well. Make sure if you're getting dropped off/parking a car that you're at the correct terminal. They're working on a tram but for now you either have a hefty walk or have to catch a shuttle to get to another terminal. Plan ahead, know where you're going and you'll be just fine. Free wi-fi for your layover pleasure and an overall well kept building makes Sky Harbor a great departure point from Phoenix...c'mon, you wouldn't want to be here when it's 115 degrees either.
Dubbed "America's Friendliest Airport" well this being my new hometown airport....I can certainly agree with that. Security was a breeze even though they make you totally undress and take everything out of your bag.....LOL.....just kidding there...but they are thorough. . . This airport has some of the best dining options I have seen at any airport....plenty of ATM's....and FREE WIFI....which is a huge plus for me. The airport is very clean....however as one reviewer put it a lot of what you may experience here will strongly depend on what airline your flying.....what terminal your in.....and of course what day and what time of day your flying.. . Example: we flew out on a Wednesday afternoon onSouthwest Airlines at terminal 3 I believe at gate 31....and everything went fairly smoothly....however if you fly out on weekends or during holidays of course things will be a lot different. The most important thing I can recommend to all who read this review....GET THERE EARLY. I worked for an airline for almost 7yrs.... and I can tell you without a shadow of doubt even at  "America's Friendliest Airport" you need to GET THERE EARLY no matter the time or day and you will be fine. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
I have been to Phoenix airport 3 times, all from connecting flights so I have never been through their security, parking, transportation, etc.  This airport is very clean and easy to get around. The "fast food" options are limited. . . Though on my last trip through, I noticed they have two huge Starbucks and they serve the breakfast sandwiches- that is unusual for a Starbucks in an airport.. . I've never had any delays or problems at Phoenix.
Another great airport, quick, clean, and easy to get in and out. The only thing that sucks now is the long hual to the rental car place. But not that big of a deal!!
Its not a very helpful place but It was clean. It feels old and outdated. I did manage to meet good people that helped me get to my location. For service Im okay if the place doesn't look good.
I've flown in and out of PHX a couple of times and I've been pleased with each experience.. . The airport has good signage and is easy to navigate through.. . The Rental Car Center is located a few minutes away from the airport and there's a free shuttle that takes you to and from the location.  If catching the shuttle to the Rental Car Center, the shuttle stops by the curb right outside of the baggage claim area.  The shuttle runs continuously and the wait time has virtually been zero for me the times that I've had to use it.  It seems to be avery efficiently run operation.. . Just an observation, but the airport is a little on the older, more run down looking side.  It is also not very spacious so the walkways and seating areas can get crowded.
I like this airport due to the easily accessible lounges. If you don't have a lounge pass then this place can be a lame spot. Although there are plenty of food and beverage options - the airport is spread out and you need time to0 get from one terminal to the other - especially if you are crossing the country. The regional stuff usually stays in one terminal - for us  - the B terminal. The terminal lounge in B only stays open until 8 pm.
Sky Harbor has always been one of my favorite airports to fly into. Maybe I'm biased because I used to live in Phoenix, but it's spacious, clean, and beautiful. It can get busy at times, but definitely not chaotic like JFK!
Sky Harbor is a good airport, it really is, but no match for my beloved Tucson International. I can't recall many poor experiences here, thank god! It's easy to get through, not too massive, nor too small (but Iike small). It's a pleasant airport. But Sky Harbor smells like Cinnabon and Burger King on every corner and every terminal, so I'm sorry, but I'm knocking a star for that! I don't mind the pizza hut smell though :) If Sky Harbor got a little facelift in the food department, I'd be glad to give a sold 5 stars!
As airports go, we are spoiled, Phoenicians!. This place has always been better than most other airports I've been to! Great food choices, easy to read signs, security moves quickly, and hello!? no snow here to make us sit on a runway!!!. . There are plenty of clean shops to find things to occupy your time on a long flight.. I don't know if you could have ever smoked here, but it sure doesn't smell like it. Outside by the curb only!. . Free wifi.. I miss ATA, only because they had some awesome flight attendants stationed in Phoenix. . . It took me a little while to get used to the new colors of the exit signs when leaving the terminals, but they are pretty clear once you realize it's just a color change! . . I've been here 100+ times over the years. Still get excited every time I come back from another state.
I can't think of a major airport I would give more than 4 stars to, so this one ranks pretty high for me. . Sky Harbor is HUGE! Do not book a connection for under one hour unless you thrive on stress and love spending time in airports.. This review is for Terminal 4 the USAirways terminal  There is a nice variety of food and shopping options past security. The gate areas are bright and open and the available seating is adequate. The corridors are usually easy to navigate although it can get quite crowded at times. Everything is well marked. Generally the staff, both airport and airline, are friendly and helpful. . There is free wifi. A big plus for me. A few more convenient outlets/charging stations would be nice. . All in all this is not a bad airport to have to spend time in between flights.
Luckily, I didn't have to travel far to make my connecting flight. And for this, I thank you, Phoenix.. . My brief layover was pleasant as the employees were kind and the flight was on time.  Hopefully, next time I can grace Phoenix with my presence for a little while longer.
USAir has gates in this airport. Flew from Charlotte to Ontario, Ca with a plane change here and found it to be very convenient.. . When you fly into SoCal, you have many choices.. With USAir you have the option to fly into LAX and deal with traffic or you can fly into Ontario with a short and easy plane change in PHX.. . USAir merged with AmericaWest Airlines in 2005. Since AW was HQ in Tempe it allows USAir to provide multiple flights to many Western cities and destinations in Mexico as well.
One of the best airport in US. Staffs are very friendly. Its pretty easy to get to off-site rental car center are readily available and convenient . . PARKING is EXTREMELY COSTLY at the terminal (~$24/day).. Allow yourself enough time and park at the Economy parking outside and take the shuttle.  . . FREE WIFI though out the airport.
I haven't been to many airports in my life, so of the few that I've been to, Sky Harbor is one of the better ones. And here's why: outlet stations. If you have any kind of electronic device that sometimes acts as an extra appendage, you can appreciate the sight of a row of outlets in an airport. I can't tell you how many times I've arrived at the airport, realized my cell battery was low and panicked at the thought of my phone dying before take off and not having any buffer to airplane small talk.. . Sky Harbor is clean and efficient with helpful signage as airport signage should be. I think I've always flown out of B or C gate and the food options are pretty good-better than your standard airport cuisine. Of course the prices are airport-appropriate (see: highway robbery), but should you be stuck there for an extended period of time, the eats won't be limited to mystery meat from the golden arches. Pretty much every restaurant I saw had a bar which is great for those of us with air travel anxiety. . . I don't mind stopping through Sky Harbor and should I get stuck there, I think it's one of the better airports to get stuck in.
Another delayed flight, what's new?  I've used the time to develop an airport rating system mostly compatible with Yelps five star reviews.  So on a scale of one to five stars, with five being A PALACE, "I'd rather spend time here than at home," and one being THE PIT OF DESPAIR (say it in the albino's voice for greatest effect) Phoenix's Sky harbor rates a decent 3.5.. . Sky harbor is on the small side of large airports and as such one expects a certain degree of difficulty getting to it and finding parking, one accepts this difficulty and plans accordingly (or one doesn't and misses one's flight).  Phoenix is no more or less agonizing than any big airport in terms of getting there.. . The external waiting areas (before security check points) are nice, there are comfy chairs with convenient charging stations throughout and a good selection of shops and restaurants (even a flight museum).  Shy Harbor offers free wireless, the only price you pay is nervous exhaustion waiting for the achingly slow connection.. . Security can be a bit of an ordeal.  The scanners appear to be some sort of already outdated beta test version that take seven seconds to violate your privacy rights instead of the more usual three seconds.   Upon exiting the scanner there are no seats for passengers to sit on while they gather up their belongings and put their shoes back on.  One small bench does exist, but as of the writing of this review it was hidden behind some temporary walls and a desk.  Lack of seating means people tend to clog up the exit side of security trying to snatch up their things and put themselves back together before moving out of the way of others.   The high point of today's trip through security was Mr. Grumpypants, one of the rudest TSA agents I have encountered in awhile, haranguing the senior citizens for leaving their paper tickets in their pockets.. . The open, modern terminals are clean, clearly marked, and fairly easily navigated.  There are no trams and surprisingly few moving walkways for a town full of retirees (I leave it to you to decide if that is a plus or a minus).   Once at the gate I found that there were wall outlets available but they were located about five feet up the walls and not always next to any seating.  Not exactly convenient, but at least available.  there are a small assortment of shops and restaurants in the terminals but the good stuff is all back past security.
Its an air port. Everything is over priced. The staff is under manned. Electric outlets are few and inconveniently placed. . What ever it gets me from A to B by bicecting the gravitational forces of the flux capacitor. Fuck u science!
Good airport.  I'm not a world travel or a weekly traveler, but this airport got it done.  Upon my arrival, they got my bags out quick and an exit was easy to find.  My ride easily found me and whisked me off to the golf course haha. . . On my flight out I arrived early and got checked in without problem.. check my golf clubs without as much as a hiccup and made my way through security.  It was 'early' in the morning so there was a chunk of business travelers. It took me about 20 minutes to get through security.  There are a handful of shops pre security (including paradise bakery) and then another handful of shops after security.  Plenty of places to sit and relax while you wait for your flight with plug ins bountiful.  . . My flight was delayed getting out for a bit, but what can you do?
Phoenix has a nice and very large airport with multiple terminals. You can find lots of amenities at the airport and some decent dining options.  Fair warning though that there aren't that many dining options once you get to the gates so grab food or eat before you get there if you want any diversity.  Multiple Starbucks through out the airport so it is easy to find your caffeine fix as needed.  Security can take some time, like most airports at times, so get to the airport with plenty of time to spare for your flight.
I've had the privilege of flying into PHX on one blissful weekend to run the 2011 P.F. Chang Rock n Roll Arizona marathon. Finding that cheap airline ticket from HNL was the challenge in itself, but it was totally worth it. PHX is about a10 minute drive from downtown Phoenix, so it wasn't too bad, although they also have a public transportation that's pretty noteworthy too. Using Delta Airlines as my prime carrier of choice, I connected through Salt Lake City, before boarding the small regional jet to PHX. There were some direct flights to PHX, but it was on US Airways, an airline I don't know much about, or do I really want to fly with anyways. I stick with what works and makes me happy.. . PHX itself is a regional airport, but is large enough to support a large flux of commuters and travelers getting into Phoenix and other destinations within the surrounding region or across the USA, if not farther than that. There is not much in the way of shopping here, unless you were to do the usual snacks, restaurants, and other pickups of souvenirs you want to snag at the airport before leaving for your final destination.  Getting in and out of this airport is similar to other sized airports, just go to follow the directional arrows to the baggage claim and pick up your luggage before heading to the rental car counter or shuttle, taxi cab area, or the waiting area for your friends and family. . . I definitely love PHX and the city of Phoenix and Tempe. Just like most airports, the ticketing area is very much together, unless mentioned otherwise. I do love the airline DIY kiosks, since I know I can do it myself without having to do much of anything. I normally just check in on my iPhone and print out the paper boarding pass at the airport. Sometimes, I should just use my iPhone app to go through security, just to save a little bit of time. Then again, I do like to keep those boarding pass mementos of 1st class seating, just because it's just an awesome feeling to be in 1st class rather than in economy. For now, economy works right now, since airline tickets are getting to be a pain. There is free wifi connectivity here at the airport, so that's a good thing when you need it. . . The baggage claim area at PHX is smaller than I thought, but it's pretty good. The only problem would be that airport prices for food and amenities do cost an arm and a leg. That's the crappy part of the entire flying experience for me. While I know they have to make money somehow, try to find some other way to gauge the flying public, please! I know I shouldn't really grumble about it, but I'm blessed to be flying when all I am doing is running marathons in every state in the United States. I probably won't come back to PHX in the future. If I do, it will just be passing through to other destinations still undiscovered by me.. . Fly away!. . B+
I've flown into and out of Phoenix airport several times in my life.  Well, not me, I've been inside a plane, but you already knew that.. . Anyway, the airport is clean, the people working there are nice, and it's one of the major hubs for US Airways.  The terminal we were in had a Starbucks, a Burger King, a Cinnibon and a Mexican spot.  There were a couple of gift shops with typical Arizona schwag (t-shirts, mugs, etc.).  They also had books for people who forgot to bring their own.. . We were delayed for 5 hours due to weather on the East Coast which sucked, but wasn't their fault.  They fed us snacks for free and kept us updated every 15-30 minutes or so.  . . Anyway, this isn't one of those airports with armrests on their chairs so it was easy, albeit uncomfortable, to take a nap.  Travel well, my friends!
Fast, efficient security lines.  That's one of the most important factors of how good an airport is (to me at least).  . Most of the good food is before the security gates, so if you're wanting to eat there before your flight, I'd recommend going about 15-30 minutes before you'd normally arrive at the airport.  The layout of the airport is fairly straight forward, moving sidewalks are way more convenient and efficient than trams, another plus.
It gets 4 stars for having free Wi-Fi.  Be aware that if you are on US Air (and more than likely you are), you may have a long walk between gates.  They do have a lot of moving walkways though.. . Other than that, it is your typical airport.  Feels a little outdated, but they are in the process of updating.
Ahhh... what can I say about Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. I'm no airport expert but I travel enough to know what I like and don't like. So Sky Harbor is clean, there's continuous improvements and upgrades and people are pretty friendly. Getting in and out of it is also painless. I cringe sometimes when flying in and out of the airlines that are hubbed there (not putting any carriers on blast here) as sometimes its a 2 mile trek to get to your gate. But overall, a pretty decent airport.  I would rate it 3 stars but I'm giving it a 4 because I met a super hot army guy there recently while waiting for a flight to Burbank. He may be the future Mr. Jenna R. so that deserves an extra star, right???
NIce airport, decent amount of shops but could use more variety. Lately they've been revamping their restaurants and getting some way tastier options.
All I can say was that it is a modern airport here, clean, very accessible for business travelers, high, opened ceilings. Passed through on a same day business trip - morning in, evening out - and the last memory I had here was sitting at the bar with my boss, sipping at a beer while waiting for our flight. Security check is quick too.
I am most likely considered a "casual" traveler, I take one to three flights a year at the moment, and I've had pretty consistently good experiences here at Sky Harbor, plus the thought of a bunch of wonderful local restaurants and breweries moving in sooner or later just makes me all kinds of happy. The traffic around the airport is always very manageable, whether it be foot or vehicle traffic, the runway has never been swamped enough to delay any of my flights, I have never been harassed or detained by security for any reason, and there always seems to be someone nearby if I need help with anything. I even will typically show up a bit early to hang around the airport and explore for a little bit... I've been to quite a few airports in my day and I've got to say Sky Harbor is my favorite.
You know I have to say I haven't had areally bad experience here. I have always been able to check in, check my bags and get through security within the span of an hour. The people haven't been rude, they certainly haven't had that down home charm but hey we are almost on the west coast...what do you expect.. . Its easy to get to and travel through on multiple airlines.. . No complaints!
When I first saw reviews on the airport, I was like "not like there is a choice what a silly thing to review" but upon pondering it for a quick moment, I'd have to say PHX Sky Harbor is a pretty good airport. Plenty of parking, pretty clean, not way out of town like alot of airports are, and free wi-fi too. In comparison to other airports I have been too over the years, PHX Sky Harbor has consistently been pretty good!
As far as airports go - this one is pretty damn good! Especially the main terminal with Southwest Airlines. There are so many great restaurants for an airport that showcase all types of food. The airport has a few halls that are museum-esque with their displays of Arizona artwork and photography. If you're ever lost or overwhelmed, just look for someone in a purple jacket and they'll happily get you the info or directions that you need! Oh - and a tip - if the line to get through security for your gate is too long, just go in another one. You'll have a bit of walking to do but they all connect and once inside you can take the moving sidewalks if you'd like. That way you're not stuck waiting to be xrayed.
The free wifi rocks here. And like the other reviewers, not too crowded and a lot of charging stations in the southwest terminal!
check out modern burger, its delish.
Good food, easy to travel in and out of. I enjoy flying out of this airport.
Great airport to fly in or out of.
Free WiFi!
This airport is sort of old looking, but I think what made it 4 stars to me was the food options and the Wi-Fi here is STRONG unlike most airports. . . There are so many moving walkways here though which kind of get annoying. There are really good food options and the one I enjoyed was Olive & Ivy. Next to that there are a few more restaurants that looked JUST as good! Wish I could try them all! Not really much else to say because this airport functions the same as every other airport!
Clean and planes show up periodically, cool
Easier to get in and out of than the LAS airport!  lol
I've only had one arrival and departure at the Phoenix airport and found it to be fairly delightful. I didn't have problems with long walks to my gate as other travelers, so perhaps I was just lucky? . . What did stick out during my travels was the overall friendliness of the people I met who work at the airport. TSA was cool, the lady at Starbucks was awesome and the man at the information desk was super helpful! It's a little sad that we live in a world where you expect a high level of grumpiness at the airport, but I think every traveler can relate. I found the airport to be pleasant and I honestly wouldn't have minded hanging out for while but alas I did have a flight to catch!. . One story which I will share (more for my own personal note taking) was that while I waited to check my luggage I observed a man openly berating his wife while they traveled with their four children. That dude was not cool and if I had my way, he would have been flying on the outside of the plane to his next destination. Could we make this a TSA security duty and have a douche or no douche scanner? Just sayin.... . 31 Yelps Challenge: #25/31
Unlike other airports I've been in where your options for food are your massive conglomerate chain restaurants like McDonald's and Burger King, Sky Harbor has a nice array of more local, higher quality restaurants for you to choose from (e.g., La Grande Orange, Olive and Ivy, Barrio Cafe), as well as some healthier choices compared to eating a greasy burger and fries (e.g., Paradise Bakery).  There are a lot of good parking options, whether you choose the airport's own parking lot or private lots that provide shuttle service.  I also appreciate the free wi-fi, it definitely helps whittle the time away while you are waiting for your flight!
I don't mind this airport.  I'm here more often than other locations since it's a hub for the place I always travel back and forth to/from.. . I like this airport because it's always pretty dead, or at least it looks that way.  There are lots of food options and usually seating, (or at least there has been when I've been there).  . . My only complaint is that the walk from terminal to terminal is SOOOOO long.  Literally every time I've gone through this airport, I've walked from one end to the other.  It's such a long trip, and if you're on a connecting flight with a short amount of time to make it there, it can be stressful.
Airport is nice, but getting here from Sedona was not fun. Gps took us to some private airport and we missed our flight. Don."t trust your GPS
Lots of places to hang out while waiting on your flight, even beyond TSA!  The only drawback of this airport is it doesn't have the long overdue sky train cars ready yet.  I hope to be back to experience it when the train cars are in full operation!
Very nice and organized. This is an airport that I can say that has a "personality", you know you are in the Midwest... the seated restaurants and the fastfood are really local and good.  Even the souvenir stores are well stocked, not only keychains and postcards. . Free Wi-Fi is definitely a plus.. If I need to have a stop b4 my destination... this would be my choice other than Charlotte.
I liked that this airport was not as chaotic as LAX. The layout is good, and nothing is confusing. Checking in at the Southwest counter was easy. Security moves at a good and steady pace. . . There are several dining options and several Starbucks locations to get my espresso fix. There are also souvenir shops that are reasonably priced if you didn't get a chance to pick up of a few things to remember your Arizona trip. . . It's a good airport to keep the stresses of traveling to a minimum.
One of the better "large" airports in my opinion.  As a business traveler, there are a lot of appealing design elements of this particular airport.. . I love how fast I can get from the Jetway to the passenger pick up.  In Denver, it's a 20 minute hike.  At Sky Harbor it's less than 5 minutes.. . Pretty good dining options here also.  A lot better than LAX which is probably the worst.. . The United Club in Terminal 2 is nice also.
I'm usually not a huge fan of airports because they are usually always a cluster-F...but something about this one makes going here less stressful.  Getting here is kind of goofy, especially if you are returning a rental car, but once you are here it is pretty easy to get in, get through security, and get to your gate.  There's a nice Starbucks before going through security and some cool Arizona touristy-type shops.  Once through security, which is usually painless, there's some fast food restaurants and a nice Mexican restaurant/bar right by the Delta terminals to help make the ride a little more enjoyable.  Not a bad airport!
I am frequently in and out of Sky Harbor both as a traveler and for pick up/drop off. I've been flying since I was in the womb and I've been to more airports around the country and world than I've been in shopping malls (true story) so when I say this is the BEST airport I've been in, that should carry some weight.. . The departure/arrivals area of each terminal is generally very accessible. Thank you, Phoenix, for not implementing annoying security guards to tell me I can't wait at the curb 2 minutes for my arriving guests when i know theyre on their way out like some airports do (Indianapolis International is horrible about this practice). It makes it much easier when I don't have to circle the airport again.. . The concourses allow for a multitude of people which is great. There's really no way to make an airport terminal not claustrophobic because crowds happen but Sky Harbor does a nice job of keeping the flow. The moving sidewalks are great for long treks and I've never waited longer than 10 mins in security lines even the day before Thanksgiving!!!. . My only beef is that recently, they've removed more affordable fast food restaurants from the Southwest concourses. I get it: support local restaurants and cafes and be healthier. No seriously, I love me some local Phoenix businesses and I appreciate a good, healthy meal option. But when I have a 5am flight that's about to be a 6 hour hike back to the east coast, I just want a $3 egg biscuit from McDonalds, not a $15 breakfast burrito I could have gotten for $4 at Fili-Bs. But that's really my only complaint because I am a miserly early AM traveler.. . Keep doing what you're doing, Sky Harbor. You make flying a more enjoyable experience for this frequent traveler and pick-up/drop-off extraordinaire.
It has been interesting seeing Sky Harbor airport grow over the years.... And there is a new airport train, and a new parking garage still being built.... Which adds to a little of the chaos trying to get around. Particularly on the weekend, when construction is in full swing.. . Ideally, if you fly out of Terminal 2 or Terminal 3 they are usually less crowded (shorter lines) than Terminal 4.
It had probably been about 7 years since I'd flown when I booked my flight through Sky Harbor so I was kind of nervous about the whole thing since I didn't feel completely confident about all the crazy rules and regulations people talk about all the time.. . My flight was at 7:45 on a Monday morning in September and I made sure I got there 2 hours early because I had no clue how busy it would be.  That ended up being way more time than I needed and I pretty much breezed through security.  I would say from getting off the shuttle to getting to my gate it probably took about 15 minutes tops.. . The layout was easy to figure out and the TSA agents were pleasant.  Not the way I had been picturing them in my mind, running at me with metal detectors and requiring a "random" strip search...I think I watch too many movies.  In all seriousness though my trip to Sky Harbor was stress free and easy and encouraged me to start flying more often!
Never had a problem here. I have always been able to clear security within minutes. Surprised at how few food choices there are for an airport of this size.
Always enjoyed flying in&out of PHX. It really is how they say "the friendliest airport" being used to Toronto Pearson airport this airport is much smaller with small lines. Not necessarily fast lines, but def shorter than the big lines you experience in Toronto.  Thankfully never had a problem at this airport flying in and out for the 4 years I lived in Arizona.
It's a nice airport with just a few caveats:. No access direct access between terminals behind security so if you're switching terminals, give yourself enough time.. What happened to Terminal 1? Seriously! It's not there.. If there's ever a fire in the Terminal 4 baggage claim, it's gonna be a roast. The way the barricades are set up hardly seems conducive to evacuating.. Oh, and the baggage claim carousels spin the wrong way; I'm a firm believer they should go clockwise.
Baggage, security and check-in were a breeze. I flew out at night so crowds were low. When I flew in during the day, it was busy, but not crazy.
If you are active or family of the military check out the new USO suite in Terminal 4.Also, I was most impressed with the ,"Lost and Found" service I received last week. They literally got back to me in less than an hour. Nice job Sky Harbor! I can't wait until the Sky Train opens too.
Before I moved to PHX it was lays my favorite airport to move through.. . Great shopping and food options before passing through TSA.
Great little-ish airport. Free wi-fi, a Southwest hub, getting in and out is usually really easy.. Never had a problem here, and AZ folks are generally very cool and friendly. A nice change from, say, LAX...
A much better airport than LAX. First of all FREE WIFI!!! Thank goodness. Secondly you can actually find outlets here to plug your laptop/phone in when they need a charge. Try doing that at LAX (you'll have to fight off hoards of people surrounding the dumb "charging stations" which only have FOUR plugs -__-). . Easy layout to navigate, although the food selection here isn't too good. Mainly fast food and quasi-mexican but at least it's something. Overall pretty good!
Out of the few airports I've been to around the country, mostly major hubs (NYC, Atlanta, Milwaukee, Chicago, Denver, LA, Houston, Phoenix, etc), Phoenix is good enough for me.  Take the TSA out of any airport and I'd be happy to rate all of them at least one star higher, but regardless, Phoenix is a fairly easy airport to navigate and I don't dread my time spent there.  I'm one of those paranoid travelers that absolutely must be at the airport 2 hours before my flight "just in case," so I always have time to kill when I'm leaving town.  That's where the FREE WIFI comes in, am I right?. . The shops are boring and overpriced, but for tourists who need last minute souvenirs, they're safe and definitely give off a southwestern vibe.  I appreciate the North/South sides of the terminals, as it seems to help with congestion, and when parking in the exterior lots, the free shuttle buses are consistently regular.  It's also easy to drop off/pick up people with a convenient road that loops around if you missed your passenger.  The cell phone lot is a place to get familiar with, as it's super conveniently located right at the entrance and there's a nice big lit sign that shows all of the planes and their ETAs within a few hours time frame.. . Also, the proprietors of this airport are currently in theprocess of adding more local flair to the different terminals (namely the US Airways terminal) and have partnered with a few favorite local restaurants to create a more..."on the go" feel for them without sacrificing quality.  I personally haven't been to any of them yet, but I like the concept of keeping AZ a destination for local love.
This review is mostly for Terminal 4. They have gone through a lot of changes here lately. Almost all new restaurants in the Terminal.. A lot of really nice ones as well. I spent some time there today and without being rushed or having to be somewhere, I really looked around.. I noticed that there is a Plug in station on level 2. Something that has never been there before.. This is the level that you check in, check your bags andget your tickets.. Also all new TV monitors have been installed. Making it much easier to read the gates arriving and departing. I like it! nice big letters.. Quite a few places to eat inside security and out. Also security seems to be running nice and smooth.. A few coffee shops as well that just seem to lull you over to sit down and have a drink and relax.. I even checked out the Brighton store whilst here. . Parking is still very expensive here. I do not know what can be done about that though. They do have a bus system that takes you off property to cheaper parking and it is covered.. They do still free WI FI also nice.
Very quick security process and effective communication through the loudspeaker (gate changes, etc.). Negatives include the long distances between gates and having to take a shuttle to the rental car area.
On my way to Las Vegas my US Air flight 688 stopped at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport Gate A37 located in Terminal 4. The airport has three main terminals: Terminal 2, Terminal 3 and Terminal 4. My connecting flight 6 departed from Gate A3 so I had to walk from one section of Terminal 4 to the other section of Terminal 4. It took about 10 minutes to walk including a moving walkway from Gate A37 to A3.. . When I arrived to Gate A3 in time the boarding process was delayed due to the late arrival of the crew for my connecting flight to Vegas. What else is new? So many variables regarding flight arrival and departures. This is the norm.. . PHX is quite nice while I waited for my flight to board.. . In the end my connecting flight was on time to Las Vegas, which is built into the flight schedules these days.
Sky Harbor is easily one of the easiest airports to get in and out of.. . Their terminals have always had decent food, but now theyve added a lot of smaller versions of local valley restaurants which is cool. They also offer free wifi.. . The main concourse is always clean and easy to move thru. Ive flown out of here several times when it was super busy and everytime the security line as been neat and relatively fast moving. Every airport employee Ive encountered has been nice/cordial and helpful.. . As far as picking people up/dropping them off: im convinnced that you cant beat this place. There is always open parking in their multiple garages, and its relatively cheap. All their signs to terminals are easy to follow, and each one is set far enough apart that you dont get caught in exiting traffic. There are plenty of taxis readily avaiable just outside of the north entry to baggage claim, and theyre pretty efficient as well.. . I would say the only drawback is that the rental car building is pretty far, but thats what shuttles are for, right?
Thanks YELP users.  We searched rental car agency in Scottsdale before choosing this one. Took the bus over from the terminal, the staff here was fast and friendly, we were in and out in minutes. We haven't rented a car in a very long time, but this was super easy, . . When driving out of the rental car lot, the oil light came on.  We continued on to our hotel and decided we would check the oil when we got there.  The next day, we called the Enterprise office and told them about the oil light.  The young man checked the records, said it had an oil change two days before.  No worries.  We never did check the oil until we arrived in Flagstaff, 175+ miles since picking it up.  Pulling off the interstate at Flagstaff, the motor began coughing.  We called the Flagstaff office and they brought over another car for us right away.  Were the same kind of friendly easy to work with folks we met in Scottsdale.  . . We turned the second car in at the airport in Las Vegas.  We didn't have the same car as our paperwork, we had no paperwork for the second car.  We were afraid it would either be super easy or super intense once we turned the car in.  The assistant Manager, Nick, greeted us and thanked us, sent us on our way.  The easiest thing ever!
One of the nicer airports I have been to.  I have not been to that many, but this is very nice.. . It isn't too big to where you have no clue where you are going, unlike some airports that take you 20 min to walk to the next terminal.  It looks really new and all the shops are clean and seem quite new and tidy. . . Everything is easy to find and had no problem locating the baggage claim and a ride from the airport.  I will definitely fly into here when I come to Arizona.
Free wifi that allowed me to upload photos from my trip fairly quickly to my online picture service provider.  Rental cars are offsite and require a bus trip.  Would love to see more healthy food options, but it could have been worse.  Friendly service from skycap.  Easy to navigate this airport. Upped stars as there is a toddler play area at gate 9. Tire them out so they will nap on the plane. Love it!
Really like this airport, they have a wide variety of local restaurants and shops, also inside the terminals. Only reason I won't give 5 stars is because I had to wait 30 minutes for my bag once.
Bright, airy and friendly, Phoenix Sky Harbor succeeds at making lots of planes take off and land every day. This was the first time I flew through there. I didn't have to go through security, but the people I overheard chatting commented that security lines always seem shorter there.
I fly through Phoenix Sky Harbor several times a year. It's almost as easy to navigate as OAK.. . Lots of great restaurants and bars. . . Several Starbucks locations, so that, if you had to drive by the 3,098,475 locations in Phoenix before arriving at the airport, you're not out of options. . . The distance between terminals and the off-site car rental facility is a bit of a hassle. Shuttles run often enough but allow for an extra 20-min if you have a flight out.
So..yes I live inAZ...not my first choice.  I am a Cali girl through and through...but one of the best things about Phoenix (if you're a traveler) is the outstanding PHX airport.  No other airport can hold a candle to the ease, convenience, parking, cleanliness, even aesthetics of this airport.  Hardly any trouble ever going through TSA, parking is always a breeze...terminals have very nice amenities (my one exception is the Jet Blue terminal shops close way too early and so the midnight JFK flight one cannot purchase water, or anything).  And of course PHX is wonderfully located and offers tons of nonstops.  So although Arizona is a nice place to visit (or in my case plan conferences) and living here is a challenge..the ease of PHX is one huge plus.  Do you HEAR ME DFW????? Miami????
A very good airport.  I've flown in and out of PHX and picked folks up from the airport.  In all instances customer service was good, parking was easy, and navigating around was a breeze.  Thumbs up, I am a fan.
The efficiency with which the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport runs should be a template to other airports that are similarly large in size and traffic. The rental car facility--which is newly built-- isn't too far from the main terminal and there are always shuttles running between the two. The airport is clean and the dining options are above average for an airport, I mean they really have gone a bit above and beyond to make your experience different from the rest. Lots of shops and the flow and directional signage is top-notch.
One of the easier airports to access.   Fair selection of food.  Always seems pretty clean.  Easy security access.  Friendly gate agents.  I never mind flying through here.
Phoenix's Sky Harbor International Airport's claim to fame as "America's Friendliest Airport" is something I do concur!. . Upon my arrival to Phoenix, I was graciously greeted as I entered the gate of the terminal for Southwest Airlines.. . They have three main Terminals 2, 3, and 4 available (not sure what happened to Terminal 1). But majority of the airlines are located at Terminals 3 and 4. I flew into Terminal 4 and it's pretty much one of the larger terminals compared to the others. In Terminal 4, their major gates are A, B, C and D. . . Airlines that fly through here: Southwest, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, Delta Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Frontier Airlines are just to name a few.. . Walking around like a lost child, I found directions from a cheerful, friendly employee who was able to help me find my way. In addition there were large directory maps to show you where to go if you were lost and also showed departures/arrivals. Using that, I was able to meet up with the parentals in Terminal C.. . FYI =. - Free WiFi. - Tax ~9%. - Many of the shops/restos are native to Phoenix (LGO, Olive & Ivy, Chelsea's Kitchen, and Barrio Cafe are just to name a few). - Golf cart drivers available to transport you around the PHX airport (from gate to gate). - Paging Assistance Locator (PAL) available to hollah at your lost ones. - Car rentals are all located in the same place, you must take a shuttle to get there. . Overall, I wouldn't mind flying through PHX! It's really a friendly airport and I didn't have any hassles or frills throughout my travel time here!. . Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #37
got to take a walk all over terminal 4 waiting for my plane. and I must say this airport is fun and well done.. With the new train they are building this ish is gonna be soooo connected to everything else it's gonna be insane.. . The airport has good services and lots of places to eat.. I wish it had been better connected to other terminals to check out other stores and/or restaurants. . . They also have free-wifi! awesome awesome.
Great airport! Very clean, security lines were not long. And free wifi is always a plus.
Woah...PHX is soooo much bigger than my hometown SMF! Nothing wrong with that; just different :). . Flying in, we deplaned in Terminal C, which one could obviously tell was an old terminal...small, dated looking, hardly anywhere to sit or get something to eat. And of course a marathon walk to the baggage area where we met our ride. . . Flying out, we boarded in the lovely, remodeled, up-to-date, lots of refreshment options, airy, open, Terminal D. . . Pretty much night and day between coming in thru a C gate and leaving thru a D gate!
Nice, clean comfortable airport.
I haven't been here for years as I usually drive in from Vegas, but I had a quick layover here to visit family.  Came back late at night and Pre-Check was closed, but the line was quick anyway.  And security only had the metal detectors, which is so much quicker.
Es'cuse me Phoenix airport...I must thank you for having less expensive food options compared to Dallas Love Field. Dallas wanted to charge me $4.75 for a regular sized Gatorade- I'll wait. You Phoenix only charged me $2 for the same drink. You also have 24 hour restaurants!! My tummy thanks you!
The C terminal for Southwest is so boring! They only have one tiny little bookstore that sells a couple books. Everything about this airport is super convenient though. It's not like other airports where C-5 means 30 terminals down. Everything is bunched together but good luck finding yourself to be entertained with. Good thing there is plenty of accessible power outlets and free Wi-Fi. They have stools and little tables that get you in close contact with others but the use of their resources make up for the cramped space.
This is one of my favorite airports.....easy to get around, great places to eat and the best part is the fact that I never have delay issues here.
Clean easy to navigate airport. Even the bathrooms are spotless. Lots of of eateries and shops to wonder through while waiting for flights. I enjoyed all the local history cases throughout the airport and the WW1 Spad in Terminal 3 is very cool!!
Free Wi-Fi = win! Not super high tech. Would benefit from a rail system to transfer terminals but the buses work well enough. Decent priced parking at Terminal 2 economy ($11/day). Tricky to figure out where to escape your first couple of times with the alternating north and south entrances/exits but now I have to down to a system.  Some cute local food vendors. No complaints.
sfo bound!
Its a great airport to have a layover in. Lots of good resturants and easy to navigate
This really is America's Friendliest Airport! Always great service everywhere you turn here and very user friendly. I love it here and maybe I'm a bit biased now that I live here but I lived in Las Vegas for 24 years and I really don't care for that airport so maybe not biased?! Even before I lived here in Phoenix I always appreciated it here because once you're past the security checkpoint, EVERYTHING is connected. People complain about the long walkways but really I'd rather have a long, air conditioned connector with a moving walkway then have to leave security and comeback through just to have a shorter walk! I've never had to connect flights at this airport but I know how much of a pain that can be if you have to leave a secure area to get to another set of gates. . . The roads in and out of the terminals are great and simple to understand with a cell phone lot on each end which I think is a big deal, makes things simpler. They also just finished the PHX Sky Train (see review) from Metro rail and parking so getting in and out of the airport core is now even simpler. Also has a future extensionbeing built to T3 right now so just in case you do need to switch terminals, this will greatly simplify things for you as well. It really seems like in general they are always trying to improve Sky Harbor and that's what I love about it most. My biggest complaint is that things were becoming run down and old but even that they are changing quickly by remodeling restrooms, laying new carpet, replacing all old signs with new, easier to read, streamlined blue and silver signs. . . Myself I know that I can't wait for friends and family to fly in or me fly out just so I can use this great airport we have here. With all the new improvements there is little not to love here, especially once the Sky Train is complete and serves T3 and the Rental Car Center, all bus shuttles will be eliminated and T2 will eventually be closed and things will be simple, cool, and efficient at Sky Harbor. Until then they are always working to reach that pinnacle of big city airport perfection, and it really shows.
I was really upset with US airways for flight delays and then refusing me entry to my flight 5 mins before departure. I was upset. The US airways customer service got me on the next flight quickly but could not offer me any other compensation. . . However the Phoenix airport itself was charming in an old way and had a decent selection of food choices. I tried modern burger and that was good. Some wait but worth it. And the few places beside it looked great too!. . The best thing here!! Free wifi, unlimited! Very helpful for the girl who got stranded. . . Also while I was rushing for my flight along with many other customers, a very kind employee who was driving those airport carts grabbed us on and got us to our gates in 5 minutes! Though that was not enough.... Btw, the carts are free and you're free to provide tips to show your gratitude. . . Lastly, know that the Phoenix airport is HuGEEEEEE. There are walking escalators but you need probably 15 to 20 minutes to get to the ends of the airport.
Crazy busy airport with long wait times at security. Plan ahead! . . That said however, this is a pretty decent airport. There are plenty of food options with both local and national chains, there are cute stores to buy Southwest themed treats, toys and take-homes, and the walkways (once you're through security) are pretty wide. I also found the bathrooms to be tidy as well as the carpets in the gate areas. I know that's odd to mention but dirty carpets really gross me out and this airport seems to be nicer than many I've been to recently. Go PHX!
This is truly one of the nicer airports. The staff are friendly & helpful. Even tho they took my shampoo, I wasn't made to feel like a criminal for having shampoo.  Going & coming was a good experience.
Ok... There's few things in life that make me giddy as a diabetic in a sugar free candy factory and Skyharbor totally catches two of them and holds them captive. I'm talking death grip captive. Be still my beating heart this airport actually has LIGHTNING FAST FREE WIFI and and and and and.. IT'S ORGANIZED!!!! . . Love the art work. Love the shops. Love the transportation features, especially the lightrail... Amazing little feature that's being built even further for further efficiency!. . Parking is pretty pricey unless you want to leave your car in the scorching desert heat, but other than that and how crazy busy it is and the obscene lack of charging stations and power ports? Love this airport.
As a native, I really never appreciated how friendly "America's Friendliest Airport" was. And then I flew to Kentucky. (Southern Hospitality my ass.) And Chicago. Let's just say I returned home with an entirely new appreciation of our TSA screeners, our free WiFi, our airport employees, our gate agents, our shuttle drivers, our variety of food, and about a million other things.. . Also: CHOO CHOO! SKYTRAIN EXPRESS, MOTHERLOVERS! The SkyTrain is powered by black, time-defying magic, and I can only hope they keep it as amazingly efficient when it gets extended to Terminals 2 and 3. Drop my bags off and materialize atthe security checkpoint two minutes later? Hell. Yes. The only missing link in the SkyTrain is the ability to have your bags meet you at the parking garage when you return to Phoenix, but I understand that would be a logistical nightmare.. . Terminal 4 is clearly the crown jewel, but they've done a decent job upgrading 2 and 3 over the years.
Again  friendly tsa agents! Could this be possible that they are now all being nice. Wow . Le grand e orange is now open inside gateD. Nice fresh food.
I fly in and out of Phoenix once or twice a month.  I will agree that the employees at this "America's Friendliest Airport" is close.  They have very knowledgable and pleasant people available to answer any of your questions.  The airport is bright and cheery.  A couple places offer some fantastic gelato . . . if only they could keep their chocolate in stock!  Note to airport: since you keep running out, maybe you should anticipate and prepare more so you can sell more!  Just a thought.. . The only reason why I do not give 5 starts is the TSA.  I understand they are not employees of the airport but they do represent the airport and they are as snarky and rude as they come.  Smile every now and then, it will make your day when you get a smile back.
Planes come in. Planes go out.. . They have food.. . It is the gateway to adventures.. . Buy some gum.. . Food is a little overpriced but you pay for convenience.. . Security wants to shake your hand.. . Have fun.
Airports are airports. Facility was nice with easy to access information. Restaurants and food stops- average price. Airports are always more expensive.
Why does everyone rate this airport so low? I don't think it's fair to judge typical airport issues for one particular airport. That's traveling. Get there early and be patient! . . I love that this airport keeps improving. With the addition of many local Phoenix culinary favorites and free wifi, I'd never be bored or unhappy here! Also I rode the shiny new Sky Train the other day and it was cool. I know other airports have this too, no big deal, but I have watched it being built and it's nice to see all of their hard work finally completed. . . Restaurants to try: Chelsea's Kitchen, Barrio Cafe, La Grande Orange, Cowboy Ciao and Olive & Ivy if you want to experience a little Phoenix flavor without leaving the airport. . . Another thing I love about this place is the art on display throughout the facility. Beautiful!
Great airport, if I could stay all day and avoid the sweltering heat..... I would. On my top ten US airports list.
I love Sky Harbor. Whether I am traveling or just there for a pick up or drop off, it is the easiest airport to get around. Good signage and not too jam packed. I think I have used all terminals at one time or another and have never had an issue.
I haven't flown in 5 or 6 years and wasn't really looking forward to experiencing the "joy" that is an airport. I've always heard you have to be at the airport two hours in advance and with our flight being at 6:30am that means being there are 4:30am. Luckily, the traffic at this hour was minimal and getting in was a breeze. Additionally, the airport seemed pretty dead. Not too many other flyers going at this hour on a Friday morning. We were able to go through the full body scanners relatively quickly and then wait around for our plane. (We headed on over to La Grand Orange - see review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-grande-orange-phoenix#hrid:9E12RVBuQNPZY0ZGfq2Mog) Finding our gate was easy, but seemed to be the last gate for section C. There was plenty of seating and the wait wasn't too terrible. We boarded on time and took off. I would recommend getting a direct flight, as ours was not and the wait became an extended 3 hour stay. . . The return flight was just as easy breezy. We landed on time, I was able to get out of the plane quickly, and then I easily made it to the baggage area to claim my luggage. My ride was waiting outside to pick me up, so we were on our way. Overall, it was a good experience.
Aside from the fact that the signage driving around this airport is abrupt and for the most part directionally sucky, this airport has grown on me.  There are lots of places to eat, with a good variety.  You can make it from one side to the next pretty swiftly.  There are some cute touristy Arizona stores, places to buy decent books, some interesting apparel stores and to top it off the customer services is very pleasant as well as efficient.  . Did I mention TSA actually runs a pretty good ship here at least in my experiences?  They do the best they can to do their job well, while keeping in mind the concerns of travelers, and they are not complete overweening A-holes!
I mainly fly out of Terminal 2 and 4 (guess my alliance... ha!), so that's what all my opinions are based on.. . Terminal 4 is larger/newer and now has the SkyTrain from the economy parking to it, which is surprisingly more convenient than I though, so maybe it's not a complete waste of money. Although, you still need to take shuttles to the rest of the terminals.. The signage is rather clear for the most part, but if you are part of any of the premium boarding groups, sometimes the signs are either not very clear or missing. Seems to have gotten better lately though. Baggage claim area has large screens telling you which carousel has your flight's luggage (foreshadowing for Terminal 2 right here). If you are being picked up by someone, remember that there is both a North and a South side of the arrivals area, so be clear where you are going to be right away, besides just naming the door number.. . Terminal 2 should just be a regional airport of its own. It sure got the conveniences of one. The signage for initial security check point is Flight Crews, First class and the rest. Do note, First Class is actually for most Premier flyers and TSA PreCheck as well. Not that anyone can tell you that.. The 4 baggage claims carousels (in theory) show the flight number of where the luggage is coming from, but so far it at best displays late, or more often is announced over the speaker and for most fun occasions, on the wrong carousel altogether. At the very least, there is only one side to the terminal, so you don't have to tell North/South to your heat stricken friends when they pick you up.. . Food/entertainment choices are nothing exception in either of the terminals and are typical airport food.
Over the past half decade, this airport has transformed itself tremendously and is par with other major US airports.  . . Positive Changes: . . + More restaurants and convenient stores--a branch of Le Grande Orange is among them and I'm happy to see since it's my favorite local brunch spot. . + SkyTrain! this is a much needed, the convenient of taking this to the Light Rail station is cool, from the Light Rail you can plan your route home and vice versa to the airport. . + USB charging stations at the Departure Gates with FREE WIFI. . The only complaint I have is the SIGN where you first drive into the airport telling you which airline is at which terminal--it needs improvement.  What happens if you are talking and you miss the initial signs? Now I don't know where to drop somebody off at.  Even if I was to look it up on the phone, it's not long before we have to decide which terminal to go to since its coming up quick.  Maybe this info is on the plane ticket? I don't recall.. . Dropping off and picking up is generally smooth.  Exiting the freeway is not the easiest thing here either.  You must pay close attention with the arrows else you will be circling around and around.
the people in the purple jackets are very helpful . the rent a car places are too far in the heat seem like a mile away
I like Sky Harbor! And it is only getting better. No nonsense, no horrible crowds, easy access, lots of parking, easy to get around and plenty of places to kill time before flight. I'll take it over ORD any time!
Early flights in and out quick.
Great airport
It's one of the better Airports as they have plenty of places to plug in you phones & etc.. and free Wifi
For an international airport, these security lines move super quick! I, also, appreciated the moving walkways to get me around the airport.. . Shopping selection is average. And pricy. Buy stuff before you come or plan to spend a lot.. . All in all, a great airport.
I found a lot to do in this airport while waiting for a flight to San Antonio. . . The wifi is fast, if you're into that kinda stuff.
Our flight is delayed. What's new?  That said I like the airport here.  Lots of different food options and some fun shopping.  The Starbucks has very comfy chairs and there is a new coffee shop that I had never heard of before.  . . The TSA looks over your ID's pretty carefully but with a sense of humor.  It never seems there is a long line at least not like Denver's.  I have found an 11/2 is more than enough time at least the times I have been through the Phoenix Airport.. . I will return many times.  I love this area with all the cactus and hot weather.  Plus my kids are here.  What more do I need.
Our flight is delayed. What's new?  That said I like the airport here.  Lots of different food options and some fun shopping.  The Starbucks has very comfy chairs and there is a new coffee shop that I had never heard of before.  . . The TSA looks over your ID's pretty carefully but with a sense of humor.  It never seems there is a long line at least not like Denver's.  I have found an 11/2 is more than enough time at least the times I have been through the Phoenix Airport.. . I will return many times.  I love this area with all the cactus and hot weather.  Plus my kids are here.  What more do I need.
Our flight is delayed. What's new?  That said I like the airport here.  Lots of different food options and some fun shopping.  The Starbucks has very comfy chairs and there is a new coffee shop that I had never heard of before.  . . The TSA looks over your ID's pretty carefully but with a sense of humor.  It never seems there is a long line at least not like Denver's.  I have found an 11/2 is more than enough time at least the times I have been through the Phoenix Airport.. . I will return many times.  I love this area with all the cactus and hot weather.  Plus my kids are here.  What more do I need.
No problems here for me.  I have flown into Phoenix Airport twice and have been on time for both flights.  Most recently I was extremely happy with Sky Harbor as I was super late for my flight.  It did take forever to find the place to get gas and then drop off my car - it was absolutely confusing and as i was rushing to the bus, I found out each bus goes to different terminals.  That sucked. I had to wait for my Terminal 1 bus to get there as I was nervously checking my watch thinking when the next flight was because the security line would be absolutely ridiculous.  I get on the bus and the driver says I have "plenty of time".  This was 30 minutes before my flight is supposed to depart.  I go to security and I'm shocked - I am one of 2 people in the line.  It takes me all of 2 minutes to get through and I have casual yet flustered conversation with the guard and realized I only had 25 minutes before my flight left.  I was able to get some food and make it to my flight as they were boarding Zone 3.  Sucks I had to check my bag but who cares I was so happy I made my flight. This was certainly a firstand I feel like Phoenix treated me well even though I was a bit lucky.. . Just remember to give yourself extra time to return your car if you rented one! I"ll give it 4 stars just because they got me through security so quickly.
It's my "home" airport and I forget how nice it is until I'm spending pre-flight time in a clinical, colorless place (Lambert St. Louis - I'm talking to you).  Security is usually pretty well organized and there are lots of food options before and after security.
Pretty good airport.. . Pros:. -central location. -few delays . -comfortable and efficient. -decent food options. -good customer service. -light rail link. . Cons:. -long drive from rental car area.. . Overall, a pretty good airport.
"Worlds friendliest airport" they have free wifi and the food selection in the airport is good!
Great airport. Awesome food options from fast food to trendy restaurants. It's big and nice. Security seems faster here than most other big airports. . . I think the biggest plus for this airport is the food options, nice space, and friendly staff.
Easy to navigate than many other airports out there! They could use more space for picking up and dropping off.
Decent airport, I am really loving that US Airways is making their connections shorter and shorter.
Love this airport unlike LAX not crowded.
This airport has some great food options. This is how I base how much i like an airport. It had some gourmet deli places, so I was able to get a wrap filled with chicken, avocado, bacon, and cheese. Not to shabby right for an airport...
I've traveled to over 100 airports throughout my biz career. I'm not rating Sky Harbor 4 stars because it is my home airport....The terminals, parking and easy of access to the airport are excellent. At terminal #4 they have so many local restaurants which gives travelers and locals the opportunity to have a great taste of Phoenix. I'm not rating 5 due to only one TSA pre-approved access point (Gate A) and hey...it's an airport not a resort.
I have been flying in and out of Sky Harbor my entire life, so I have a bit of a nostalgic feeling about it.  I remember the feeling when I was a kid and I'd step off a plane and see that memorable carpet pattern, and think "I'm almost home!". . The carpet has been updated, and that is the least of the changes the airport has been through since I was flying unattended at the age of 5.  . . The majority of the following refers to Terminal 4, as that is where I usually am and where most passengers go through.. . Food: If you're willing to pay for a real meal, you can get some decent options here.  La Grande Orange, Blanco, Sauce, Chelsea's Kitchen... all good.  However I do not recommend the on-the-fly kiosks trying to sell you a half-baked breakfast burrito.. . Security: On par with other major international airports.  The lines can be long during peak hours, and you have the intrusive machine that scans you as you stand ironically in the pose of a frozen army man.  I've had my pony tail searched.  Remember that the largest airlines share the same terminal, so Terminal 4 is much busier during "rush hour".  . . Transportation: The rental car agencies are off-site, so you have to use a shuttle if you are renting a car.  Not ideal, but at least there's a simple solution.  The parking garages are the same way, unless you pay for nearby/covered parking (and you sure will pay).  The new and improved Sky Train will get you around the airport for free, and deposit you at the Phoenix Light Rail station if you choose to use public transportation and avoid all that parking mess.  Driving around the airport is easier than it is in other cities, but it's still "airport traffic"... be careful.  Watch the signs, or you'll have to do a loop and go at it again.  Within the terminals are some very long hallways with people-movers to get you to your gate without requiring a nap in between.. . Shopping: Solid airport selections.  Books, magazines, snacks, etc.  There are some gift-shoppy Arizona-style stores, so if you forgot to pick up a souvenir until now you can go ahead and buy a saguaro sweatshirt or scorpion paperweight.  There are also some of those electronics vending machines where you can buy phones and iPods and such.. . Other: As featured in Twilight, beware of the confusing women's restroom.  I haven't been lost in it since I was young, but I guess it's still there.  There is now free WiFi and charging stations at or near each gate.  The whole airport is full of museum-style displays and art exhibits if you want to learn something on your way to retrieve luggage.  . . If you call for an airport shuttle, make sure you know what side of the terminal you're on.  Don't answer "the outside, of course", I mean North versus South.
What can you say about an airport you've only ever made connecting flights in?  Phoenix you've always been a blast as I've run through your halls to catch my next plane, hopefully grab a bottle of water from one of the many kiosks. I've always been well directed to the appropriate terminal. Your bathrooms have always been clean. All in all a great experience each time and I hope to run through your halls again soon!
Good & getting better! . . At least terminal 4 is, lol. It's modern, clean, quite comfortable. It also has a great variety of restaurants & stores both before & past the security checkpoint. . . The last time I was in terminal 2 was years back, & it was like a 70's flashback :( . . Those are the only terminals I've flown out of, so I can't comment on the others. . . When I pick someone up, I like the personal touch of parking and waiting for them outside their gate :D That runs me $4 for an hour parking in the garage. . . When I'm flying out and leave my car there, I use the East Economy lot. At $9 a day, it's reasonable and much more convenient than parking off site. The airport buses run through every 15 minutes or so and go to all the terminals. . . The new PHX Sky Train is an automated train that goes between the 44th Street and Washington Valley Metro Light Rail, the East Economy parking area and Terminal 4 in it's first stage. I haven't had a chance to ride it yet, but it looks cool! :). . The airport website is actually really comprehensive and has tons of info. I'd recommend giving it a looksie! skyharbor.com
I actually like this airport.  Yes, it's kind of spread out, but it's not like Logan or LAX.  You have diverse options for food if you're on a longer layover.  The lounges are located all over and are easy to find.  I find it to be a generally nice place to spend a few hours between flights.
I have been to Sky Harbor many a times over the last few years. Most recently I was here last week for business travel. Overall I have always had smooth sailing at this airport. I flew Delta on this trip and went out of terminal 3 which was okay, not bad, not great. The food options were not as great as others have reported recently so I do think that the food options are in terminal 3. Security went by pretty fast. Airport employees were fairly nice, no was out right rude which was good.. . Overall I have had good trips out of Phoenix Sky Harbor. I do recommend being dropped off or taking a shuttle. Parking on this trip was $75. Ouch.
Big clean international airport, I'm comparing this to LAX.  Really nice staff that will help you with your bag.  There are a lot of stores but I haven't been able to explore becuase I'm usually running to my gate.
Now THIS is an Airport. . . Compared to the STL Airport, this place seems massive. . . It's a straightforward airport, no shenanigans. It's large and is a really nice and updated facility. I wouldn't mind having to spend a couple hours here. Way more comfy than some other airports. . . Most airport problems are derived with the airline. No h8 here!
Sky Harbor is leaps and bounds above Tucson Intl, well worth the drive. . . Sky Harbor has so many more flights departing than Tucson and at a lower cost.  Access to and from the airport is very well designed, easy access to valleys freeways. Many different parking options, a few of the nearby hotels let you park overnight (cheaper than the airport)..  . Free WiFi!. . The only drawback is some of terminals have limited options as far as food goes. US Airways/United terminal looks to be recently updated and has more food options than the others.
I have flown to and from here multiple times. This place is thousands of times better than ORD (old home airport). There is free WiFi and plenty of outlets to charge your electronics in the U.S. Airways terminal. The workers are friendly and seem to enjoy what they do. The security line is actually not a pain in the neck.. . The only downside is the car rental center is significantly far from the airport. The bus system to get to it is efficient though.
Very easy airport to fly in and out and a relatively close drive from the city. Make sure that your ride drops you off at the right terminal because it is a far walk between each. Fortunately, they have shuttles to take you to and from each. I didn't get a chance to explore the food options here, but it seemed pretty standard. Pretty much everyone from the airline employees to aiport workers were friendly. And surprisingly my experience with the TSA security was a pleasantly fast process with no drama.
I'm in shock, it's only been just over a year since I've flown out of Sky Harbor I barely recognized the place!. When did they add all the hip eating joints, I only remember the usual Starbucks coffee & a bar or 2, and perhaps a place to get a fast food burger & some sticky buns, was I checking in previously with tunnel vision? An airport is probably one of the last places I'd want to hang out or would plan to eat but good to know they have made some good food upgrades! I made it through the line in record time to get my boarding pass, even getting through security was quick, more shock! Although there was a bit of a delay do to the security risk of me accidentally leaving my unfinished water bottle in my bag. They were quick to secure the area by trashing it and not making me feel like a felon, extra star no step search required! . Shocked again, it's time to board! I'm leaving on a Jet plane, and still smiling!
Clean location but be prepared to do a lot of walking!
I am starting to travel in and out of here quite a bit and unlike most airports it is not entirely unpleasant. It is a large, reasonable attractive, spread out and modern airport. It has easy freeway access and is located fairly centrally in Maricopa County.. . The lines at security are shorter than at most other airports I travel to. Terminal 4 has varied and unique shopping and food options, not to mention free WIFI. . .  Having the car rental building so far from the terminal is a drag particularly having to use the shuttle buses. They are always overcrowded and I always have to wait.. . Compared to the vast majority of North American airports PHX is not bad at all.
I can't think of anything I didn't like at this airport.  It was clean, had wi-fi and better food options than the San Diego airport.
Grandson arriving at Term.2. Yea!  Ages since I've been to term 2 but it's easier to get in and out of than term 4
Home!  I have to say that Phoenix Sky Harbor is one of the best airports in the world!  They recently had a major renovation, adding some really great restaurants to the different gates, giving flyers more options on the type of food available, great variety on coffee shops, both corporate and non corporate, great shopping choices.  Also, checking luggage in is easy and even way better when claiming luggage as the service is quick and efficient.  And thebest feature???  Free WIFI and the availability of seats with charging stations for smart phones and laptops!!!  Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport rocks!!!
Ok, I understand there are no 5 star airports in this country mostly due to security concerns. But for ease of access, parking, and food, Sky Harbor is head and shoulders over McCarron and anything in California. It is not uncommon to breeze through TSA and onto your gate in under 15 minutes from the time you park out in the east economy lot. The train from remote parking and covered parking areas areas are safe, easy to navigate, and well lit. . Sky Harbor does it's best to live up to its moniker "the friendliest airport in the country".
Nice airport, easy to get around.
The airport is not a bad airport at all. It's actually better than a lot of airports! I love that the roadways leading in and out of the airport is not too confusing. The only terminal that is confusing is #2 because it's not connected to the main building. . . But it's nice inside. It has all of the usual restaurants and magazine stores and coffee shops. The coolest place is La Grande Orange. I was surprised that there was one in there in terminal 4. Good restaurant for food!. . The place is pretty clean too. It's very well kept. They started upgrading the entire place. Now there's LCD boards giving you information on the roadways, recharge stations inside and a sky train that takes you to the light rail station. For free. To ride the light rail is not free. But you can be dropped off at the airport light rail station and take the sky train directly to the main check-in building. . . The airport only keeps getting better. :)
I give Sky Harbor a 4 start rating for two reasons - increased convenience for getting to the airport and the increasingly local foodie centric nature of the food purveyors outside and inside the main terminals.. . In 2013 the sky train became operational and now one can literally go to a light rail station, catch it to 44th and Thomas (airport stop) and then go up the escalator to the sky train. Along the way you can check your bag  so you don't even have to go downstairs, just directly to security and the gate, or with that extra time you can check out the increasing number of food sources that are provided by well known local food establishments. . . You can expect two things - the sky train will be expanded to cover not only terminals 3 and 4 but eventually, if I understand correctly, all terminals, and the food at the airport will be increasingly reflective of some of the best local eating establishments that Phoenix and its surrounding cities, have to offer. Hey, you may want to hop on the train and go say,  eat breakfast at Chelsea's kitchen on the weekend, just for the heck of it - easy when you use the light rail and the sky train!
Flying to the east coast on a Friday- I had zero line to wait in to check in and to get through TSa security. I have never been to an airport this fast. The few staff I interacted with were all friendly and they had good food choices in the gates to choose from.
Out of all of the airports that I visit, I enjoy the fact that this one is consistently quick. Today I made it from the curb to the gate in 32 minutes. I think the airport itself is well designed and ran very well.
Terminal 4 has really upped their game in the restaurant department.  A dozen of the valley's trendier places now have locations in the terminal.  And some of them are even on the other side of security!
I've been flying into and out of this airport since I was a kid. Now that I am old I can say that things have definitely grown and changed for the good.  There are some fun shops and restaurants and it is nice that there are some larger known chain restaurants located in areas where visitors came meet you for a bite before catching their next plane. The security line always seem to be long. . Driving around to pick up a returning part is not always the easiest. The signs are not as easy to navigate as it would seem.  There are too many places that are trying to merge 3 lames from different directions into 1 lane. I can't tell you how many times I've gotten lost here, at least every time is a new fun experience. :)
