Yum! We had fresh oysters as an appetizer--they were superb! The palace station pan roast was sooo good; the sausages they put in it were delectable. Only bad thing is the loong wait. I would wait a max of 1 hour for this, can't do any longer. You end up dying from smelling all the good food they cook.
For someone that doesn't like seafood at all... it a surprise that I enjoy this place.  I've had a couple different things on the menu but the one dish I would recommend to everyone (even non seafood eaters) is the Pan roast.  . . I'm not sure how to explain the Pan Roast.  It's just a blended creamy soup of goodness.  Usually I would just ask for chicken and sausage but even the seafood Pan Roast isn't fishy at all.  If you don't like spicy food don't go past 5 on a scale of 10... you'll regret it when you're at a strip joint in the wee hours of the night.  . . This place is located in the not so fabulous Palace station and can only accommodate about 15 to 20 people.  Be prepared to wait.  I would recommend coming right before lunch hours to minimize the wait.  Oh yea if you buy a large beer, you can keep the glass... just a nice little souvenir since you probably won't have any money left to buy anything.. . Overall this place is amazing... you can't really find anything like it in Orange county.  It's a perfect hangover food and totally worth the trip.  There are no tigers, cirque shows, naked chicks dancing, etc... Oyster bar in Palace station is the main attraction!
i just had a 2.5 hour dinner here, and the 1.5 hr i spent was waiting in a crazy "short but slow" line! It's all because there are only 20 seats max., it's really like the size of a bar. and usually when you wait for that long in line, you will take ur time and slowly enjoy your food, talk and chill afterwards to make ur waiting time worthwhile. . . I would've left because there's really nothing much around, it's in a casino called Palace Station that i've never heard of before, away from the strip, and it's a super tiny place that you can easily skip if you don't see the line. Good thing they're open 24 hrs now, waiting for 1.5 hrs wasn't too bad cuz you still see more people waiting for another hr behind you and telling you that it's soo worth the wait. . . i guess they're right, i dun think it's really "to die for" but i think it's a very good experience, nice and fresh food made to order infront of you. Service was also very good, it was worth the wait. . . After debating on wat to order, we went with the house gumbo and combo pan roast, which both have very similar ingredients (lobster, crab, and shrimp). The difference between all these dishes is the sauce/soup. The pan roast is much creamier and sweeter. the gumbo is more salty and it has a strong taste of cajun/creole flavor. They are both served with a scoop of white rice. We got both at level 5 of spiciness which is like medium spicy, but i didn't think it was spicy at all, should've went with a 7 or something. . . i personally liked the house gumbo better even though most other reviews recommended the pan roast. i thought the pan roast was a little too creamy and heavy for me, it almost made me wanna throw up. despite that, the food was really good. You see everything that they put in the pot, so u know exactly what you're putting in ur stomach. The quality of the seafood are really good, shrimps were big, crab meat flooded in the soup, and you can actually see the chunks of lobster. if you're a seafood lover, you'll love this place. . . I would definitely come back here again, but next time i'll probably order a cioppino. Overall everything is good here, only that if i am a health freak, i wouldn't eat here because you see everything that they put in the pot. My eyes popped when i saw that "BIG" chuck of gumbo base that they put in each pot, it was seriously bigger than my fist. But if not, just pretend u didn't see anything and enjoy the delicious food.
The constant truth here is you will be in line to get food. It's 24 hours so I'd laugh my ass off if 3 in the morning there is a line for aCombo Pan Roast which is what I had for my main course. I ate oysters as well since I love good oysters. It's the taste of the ocean and the slippery, spicy lemony flavor that you don't normally get. For a brief moment I feel like I'm on a tropical island.. . The bowl is deep and the soup is full of flavor. Every spoonful has that slow roasted, seafood flavor that can satisfy your taste buds. I enjoyed it so much that I didn't slow down and burned the roof of my mouth. . . I like that it's Vegas, 24 hours, drink and/or smoke while waiting in line. I'm not a smoker but I won't begrudge you if you light up. . . The chef and waitress' are really hard workers because they were describing how the day goes. It can be really busy or just consistent but rarely empty. I would eat here for breakfast if you really hate the lines. I'm ASSUMING it's pretty slow in the mornings.
Went here awhile back with some guys i met at a club the night before.  I normally don't eat raw oysters but one of the guys encouraged me to do so and i did.  Surprisingly, i LOVED IT!  I only eat the smaller ones cuz then the bigger ones are very creamy...yuck.  Had mine with tabasco and lemon...pretty damn good.  I had some of the clam chowder and it was full of clams, not like most places.  The only thing was, i got a few pieces of sand in mine...
Combo pan roast was amazing!!. . We waited about an hour and a half but it was totally worth it. . . I've never had this type of food so it was definitely a nice treat. It was fun sitting at the counter and watching the chef prepare your meal. . . We got the mussels to start which was very fresh and and marinated in a white wine/lemon/garlic broth. . . We got combo pan roast level 4, which was perfect for me because I have a weak taste bud for spicy foods. It was super delicious. Ask for an extra scoop of rice and it is the perfect amount for sharing. =). . The chef was awesome but the other servers were lacking. He was supposed to be the one refilling our drinks, but it was the chef who was refilling our drinks and cooking the food. So KUDOS to the chef for awesome multitasking while keeping a positive attitude under the pressure. =). . Definitely will make this a usual spot when I visit Vegas.. . PS. For southern california residents, they do have a place called the boiler in chino hills, which is not as good but comparable if your having a craving.
Definitely do family style to try more, although it is a bit hard  to share more than 2 or 3 people since it's "bar seating."  Since the food is pretty salty and rich, the scoop of rice is a necessary add-on.  . . We went around 4 PM, so there wasn't really a long wait..about 20 minutes or so.  . . Appetizers: . *Raw Oysters (4 stars):  Fresh & juicy. *Steamed clams in garlic/butter broth (4 stars):  Simple, yet delicious.  We dipped the bread in the broth afterwards . . Main entrees:. *Pan roast (4.5 stars): This is the MUST TRY of the menu.  It's so flavorful and creamy.  We ordered ours at a spicy level of 4.  Enough spice for a kick, but not to the point where it burns uncomfortably.    . *Etouffle (3.5 stars): This dish was good, but it wasn't the favorite for our group.  Since the flavor is lighter than the pan roast, it didn't compare after trying the pan roast first.
Everyone says that this place is a hidden gem and it really is! First and foremost, the food deserves a 5 but the location and seating is very inconvenient. It's located off the strip, which is a total drag if you don't rent a car ( we all know the cab drivers LOVE to rip people off). . . When we arrived, there was a max 15 minute wait but keep in mind there are only about 10 seats available, it's literally a bar. The oysters are good and shared the combo roast. Let's just say, one roast is PLENTY for two. You can either get it with pasta or rice, I highly suggest the rice! If you are with a group of 3 or more, I suggest ordering the clam chowder too! . . I am a huge fan and highly suggest that you go there!
The only Luck I had on this past Vegas trip was finding a seat quickly and without waiting in a huge long line.. Ice cold beers and incredible clam chowder, oysters and lobster roast.. The Oyster house in Studio city could learn a thing or 2 from this place.. . See you next trip.
A solid 4 stars. My wife and I tried this place based on the strong yelp reviews. She had the pan roast and I tried the etouffee...on our first go around. It was so good we came back the next day. She ordered the jambalaya and I went with the gumbo. We liked the etouffee the best followed closely by the creamy goodness of the pan roast. Both days we enjoyed a dozen oysters so fresh you can taste the ocean. . . The chef had good banter going with the folks sitting at counter. It was interesting watching the food being made on the steam powered pots (?). . . We got there around 11:00 am per one review to avoid the crowd and had minimal wait time. This place is definitely a hidden gem of sorts. Very worthy of a precious meal slot on a trip to Vegas.
After a short wait for stools to open at the oyster bar, we each ordered the combination pan roast that included crab, lobster, fish, shrimp and a generous portion of rice. The pan roast is prepared in front of you and it proved to be both delicious and filling.
This may have been over-hyped for me. I was expecting a mouth orgasm while eating this. I didn't. But it wasn't bad. Got the seafood pan roast and the oysters (more about that later).. . The pan roast was good. Sort of reminded everyone of a lobster bisque. Although you ate this with rice. We got a spicy level of 4. It's always a gamble with spiciness level. No different here. Couldn't taste any spice with 4 so added some more. Also, more rice. Mmm, yum. Could have used more lobster though.. . Now on to the oysters. They were hand cut in front of us although when we got it, there was a worm in one of them. Some sort of parasite. Luckily Grace C. caught it before it went on to live in one of our stomachs for a few years. I think it was the lemon she squirted on the oyster that made the worm react.. . When we told the waitress about it, she was really cool saying she wouldn't charge us for them and we wouldn't have to eat them.. . If you're ever in Vegas, you should try this place at least once. It really is just a bar so that's part of the reason the lines are so long.
TIP:  perfect for couples because you can share the pan roast, gumbo, etc. since one bowl is big enough for 2 people.  Just get extra bread or rice to soak up the amazing broth.. . There's no restaurant name, it's literally called "oyster bar" with less than 20 seats serving up tomato based broth with shellfish (shrimp, lobster, crab).  the pan roast, gumbo, and jambalaya totally steal the oyster's thunder here because it's pretty much what everyone orders.. . Broth texture is creamy but not thick nor watery.  We had a 6 (1 thru 10) spicyness level and it wasn't spicy at all, so feel free to bump it up to a 9 or 10 if you want more chili pepper in there.
Palace Station (one of many station casinos in las vegas) is located on Sahara. Each station casino has some type of "oyster bar", but they all suck in comparison to The Oyster Bar.. . Further more, the only reason you should be at the Palace Station is to wait in line and eat at the Oyster Bar.. . First off, they have 6 broilers and about 14 bar stools. So do the math. They can cook 6 orders at a time and only seat just twice that. So when you are waiting, you'll be waiting, so just wait.. . No price change for lunch or dinner, and it's a large portion, so we go for dinner. Now about Palace Station. It's an old, smokey, depressing piece of crap place, you will leave smelling like you gave up on life. But you won't care because the meal at The Oyster Bar was that good.. . We get the "Combo Roast". A mix of crab/lobster/shrimp in a tomato cream "bisque" type sauce. Sounds simple, it is, but it's delicious.. . They also do gumbo, bouillabaisse and fresh oysters (among many other things). A few oysters or some chowder to start off might be good if you're hungry as it does take a bit for your food to be cooked.. . I'd be confident everything on the menu is great.
yummy! and filling! combo pan roast was all that everyone hypes about. seafood jambalaya was sooo flavorful and delicious. house gumbo was salty but overall tasty. Had the 1/2 oysters--Oysters themselves were good but pieces of the shell was in some of it...overall, would definitely come back!
I loved the pan roast.  It took about 45 minutes to be seated but it was worth the wait.
came at 1am on a fri night and there was no wait. damn that pan roast is good, wished they gave more rice though. when I finished the rice there was still a lot of the pan roast left, was thinkin bout telling them to put it in a cup with a straw so I can finished the rest, its that good.. . kinda high priced, but worth it if the wait is an hour or less. the clams were good too.
Every time I come to Vegas, this place is a mandatory stop.. just be prepared to wait a minimum 1hr! (Seated closer to 1.5-2hrs). Try to keep number to eaters to max 4 (maybe 5, but that's pushing it). . So if you can convince your complaining hungover friends that the dozen oysters are amazing and the clams are fresh (acquired taste with the clams)..Oh I can't forget to add the pan roast!
Read about this oyster bar from yelp and decided to give it a try. We arrived there at about 11:30am on Sunday and the line didnt look too bad...probably about 2 groups of people in front of us (like 7-8 people). We ended up waiting for an hour before we were seated. Once we were seated, the chef served us some rolls and the server took our order pretty quickly. . . We ordered the combo pan roast and alaskan chowder. It's pretty cool to watch the chef, Bob cook right in front of us. I can't believe he's the only one cooking for all 20 people. He has been working non-stop during his shift. I didn't even see him taking any breaks at all. He cooks, cleans, buses tables, shucks oysters/clams. He does everything! He's simply amazing! Not to mention the food he made were absolutely delicious. Definitely worth the wait and will go back again. Two thumbs up.
My son wanted oysters at 11am, no wait time,  but since he is not 21and was unable to sit at the bar, the waiter took us to the restaurant next door and served us dozen oysters which were fresh and amazing. The Station Place is another story.
I had the linguine with clams and red sauce.  I have had this dish at over a hundred restaurants on this place delivers.  The clams were fresh and the sauce was very good.  The noodles could have been a bit better in my opinion to get the rare 5th star.  Want to go back and try some of the shellfish!
It's a shame that this Oyster Bar is literally a bar with no hallway or room next to it which makes it so awkward for those under 21 like me to order food from this place.. . Why do I come to some random Oyster Bar in Palace Station for food in the first place? Well, they serve up gumbo. Not just any gumbo, it's quite possibly the best gumbo in Las Vegas. . . I really wish they could close down The Broiler and merge the two, as it was so crowded at this bar but there was no one in there. Just saying. It's also pretty steep, but one bowl of gumbo is more than enough for two people and it's so good anyway so the price is totally worth it. The shrimp are huge, the sausage and okra are plentiful and the peppers are just right. Don't forget to mix in crackers, sourdough bread rolls and loads of rice. . . Who would have thought that the best gumbo in all of Vegas would be held in a non-descriptive oyster bar at Palace Station?
After a long night in Vegas we headed to Oyster bar to fill up on tasty seafood. Following the cab ride that kept going and going we ultimately made it to Palace Station Hotel & Casino. The area is sketchy to say the least but after tons and tons of suggestions we had to try Oyster bar. . . Luckily there was no wait and we were seated instantly. We started with a round of Kirin followed by a dozen oysters and clams. I must admit I'm a sucker for oysters on the half shell, but these oysters left something to be desired. The oysters were not shucked properly making them difficult to eat. I was starting to get disappointed until the Pan Roast combo came out. That thing was HUGE and delicious, packed with shrimp, crab and lobster with a side of steam rice. . . Over all the Pan Roast was finger licking good with just enough spice to accent the seafood. Even though the area was totally sketchy and the hotel is less than nice this Oyster Bar is a diamond in the rough and a must try in Vegas.. . P.s. If you're coming from the strip its a $25-35 cab ride, depending on traffic
Between my mom and I, we killed 2 dozen of oysters off the bat. Yummy fresh oysters prepared right in front of our eyes at the bar. I got the combo pan roast and mom got the boulabaisse (sp) Both were good. My pan roast was a little salty though for my taste and I love salty food. I would have liked a little more seafood in it though. I found a couple pieces of lobster and shrimp here and there. There was no wait. We got here at 5 pm on a Thursday to a half full bar. The chef and waitress were very nice. The chef was very talkative and liked interacting with patrons which in my book is a plus. Loved the food but maybe with a little less salt. Def will return. Oh and side note, the smoke is overwhelming and why in world do people smoke while seated next to a non smoker. It's gross and were having dinner Geez!
When coming here, you definitely have to look past the older hotel, dirty carpet and literally, the smoke-filled room. We came here because my supervisor recommended it.  And I'm glad we did.  It is such a small bar with long wait times. Fortunately, we lucked out- the group in front of us couldn't wait any longer and left.  So we waited about 5 minutes and we were seated.. . The pan roast combo is what we decided to order and share - there's an additional charge for that by the way.  But we didn't mind.  While waiting, we had oyster shooters in vodka and tequila.  It was fresh, flavorful and quite refreshing.  We watched the chef make the dish - there was so much  ingredients and it looked so laborious. You see him adding and mixing and seasoning several steel pots- which probably contains different types of pan roasts. Only when we started eating did we realize that each ingredient he added at just the right time created such a complex and tasty broth - if you can call it that, to our dish.  It was so finger-lickin' good that my friend was tempted to lick the bowl.  I only wish there was more seafood and more broth - well, I really should have ordered my own.  It is a definite must-try.
One of the best kept secrets in Vegas.  I almost didn't want to write a positive review because I don't want the word to get out too much so that this place becomes ridiculously crowded.  . . Big winners here are the pan roast (I like the combo with shrimp, crab, etc) and the bouillabaise
The Oyster Bar should be synonymous with hang over food.  Come 12 pm on a lazy Sunday, that's pretty much what everyone looked like, quite hungover and dead tired.  Some with their head in their hands, some with the forlorn tired from I-don't-want-to-tell-you-what-I-did-last-night look.  Sure there were the regulars who were mixed in with the bunch, but most everyone else looked like they had woken up from a VERY GOOD night of partying.  Gumbos, Pan Roasts and Bloody Marys are the perfect first meal to fix that hang over!. . The Oyster Bar had a very basic menu of various seafood dishes, but most everyone got one of the two popular dishes:  PAN ROAST or GUMBO.  Both are hearty stews filled with your choice of either chicken, sausage, shrimp, crab or lobster.  Or just choose the option to get all of the above.  That's just what I did.  . . I got the Palace Roast in medium spicy.. The man got the Gumbo in medium spicy.. . Prepared before your very eyes, you can see the ingredients thrown in the ingenious always hot cooking pans that Chef Bob kept going non stop and full of stews.  The bubbling and simmering of all the juicy ingredients right in front of your eyes are enough to make me almost drool right on the table.  Personally, I preferred the Palace roast sauce base over the gumbo base.  The pan roast sauce base is more of a creamy tangy tomato base vs. the gumbo base being more savory and peppery.  Either way you go, you will be filled to the brim!  It is wholesome, hearty, thick, stick-to-your-ribs good.  . . Tips:  Try to avoid prime time lunch time.  You will encounter a line.  Be prepared for ensuing food coma afterwards.  According to a fellow regular I eavesdropped on, Chef Bob makes the food out of all them.  Any oyster bar.  Period.  Though I haven't been to the other ones, I'll take the guys word for it.  One order of the roast/gumbo will feed two people but beware they charge more for sharing.. . Conclusion:  Fantastic fill your stomach good!  Thank you very much, Chef Bob!
Food: 5+. Ambiance: 3. Service: 3. . Food: The place that introduced me to pan roast.  Really the best ive tried since.  Raw Oysters are average, but what can you expect in the middle of the desert. Recommendation: House Pan Roast. . Ambiance:  Your right in the casino and the place is literally a bar.  There are only about 12 seats so get there early cause your going to have to wait.  . . Service: Solid, only one waiter and one cook usually.  They are working hard.
Really long wait. I came in on a Sunday night around 9:30 pm and didn't get a seat till 10:50 pm, so come prepared with something to do for over an hour. . . I had the Palace Pan Roast which was delicious. Creamy and hearty, the bowl came with nice chunks of seafood, crab, shrimp and sausage which really hit the spot. The base of the stew is a just the right combination of tomato and cream, not too much of either. Careful on the level of spiciness though, I ordered 7 on a scale from 1-10, and even that overpowered a lot of flavor.. . Don't bother with the caesar salad, it came overdressed; although, it had nice, fat shrimp too.. . I did come in once past midnight on a weekday, and was able to take a seat immediately. I had the linguine alla Vongole, which was a lightly flavored pasta with clams. A good pick if you don't want something too seafoody. When it wasn't busy, I found folks working behind the bar polite and attentive.
Pan fry is Fabulous and the chowder and the Alaskan chowder ! Being your appetite cause the portionsare enough for two.
We arrived around 7:30pm on a Wednesday night.  There was a 30 minute wait.  This place is tiny.  I'd say maybe 20 ppl can eat at a time.  We ordered the Combo Pan Roast which we both thought was ok.  We also shared the Alaskan Chowder at the recommendation of another diner.  That was exceptional.  Each person gets one piece of bread which was fine.  Service was decent.
Holy mother this place is no joke! Nestled in a shitty hotel off the strip, I would have never even known about this place if my friends weren't raving about it!. It's literally a bar/counter restaurant with 18 seat which means yes.... the lines are unbelieveably long! We got there on a Saturday at 2:30 pm after setting up for Magic. . . The line didn't seem too bad with about 10 people in front of us but what we didnt realize... was that the people standing in line were with bigger parties that were either gambling or sitting down at the slot machines!!! They were taking turns standing in line so it was actually about 22 ppl in front of us!!! Ughhhhhh!!!! I am probably the most impatient person in the world so this was quite a challenge for me. But then again, I love food more than I hate waiting so I sucked it up, bought a gossip mag and sat at the slots while my guy friends waited in line :) . . Anywho, we finally sat down and was served by 5. The total was 2 and a half hours but gosh darnit... shit was deliciousnesssss!!!! We got 2 palace pan roast for the 3 of us and 2 dozen oysters. I requested level 7 for the spiciness and it wasn't nearly as spicy as I thought it would be. Oh and they ran out of chicken so they threw in lobster instead and gave us a discount which was awesome of them! . . I would definitely come back and since they are open 24 hrs, I'm gonna come at a totally off hour cuz I can eat this anytime of day. I'm thinking around 5-6am after a nite out will be perfect! This has got to be the best thing I can eat when i am drunk and hungry. CAn't wait to come back! Oh and I wanna bring a oyster bar virgin with me cuz this is one of those places that you get excited to bring new ppl to!
All I have to say is that me and my friends make a special trip to the Palace Casino to eat here.   Beware.  There usually a line for this as it's a oyster bar, and not a restaurant...  and guess what... there are way too many slot machines within reach.
Waited 2.5 hours this time and I must say it was still worth it. The hotel is exceptionally smokey, but the food is so good. I usually get the Palace Pan Roast Combo (shrimp, crab, lobster) and I make whoever I go with get the Gumbo. On the spice scale, I get a 4 and it's just a lil spicey where you can still taste the goodness and real flavors and it's not just heat. There is only seating for 18 (when you're in line so long, you count chairs and weigh who will leave next and curse those who order more). The staff is INCREDIBLE. There's a long wait, but it's not their fault. They're always happy and friendly. We celebrated my mom's 60th birthday and they brought her some cheesecake and the whole place was singing along. . . Place is open 24 hours and when the wait is long, I recommend one person waits in line while the other(s) grab a quick snack at the Cabo Bar so you don't starve to death. I wouldn't recommend the other(s) gamble (although that's what the casino wants). You could lose a lot of money in 2.5 hours.
House pan roast was pretty damn good, but the seating and cleanup is in turtle speed.  Waitress disappears and leaves the last parties dishes sitting there for about 15 min while we stand in line starving...who manages this place? Nothing bad can be said about the chef cuz he is working his ass off.  30 min wait is cool but I wouldn't do an hr.
Yes, its only a bar with maybe 20bar stools.  We waited for 1.5hrs in the afternoon and decided to leave.  We came back at 10pm after an aweful dinner at Bouchon and waited maybe 20mins.. . Food: You have a selection of heat level of 1-10 for entrees.  I would recommend that you get under 5 especially if you get the gumbo.  The heat overpowers a lot of the dish and you wouldn't want an accident at the club or on the can LOL. 1. Oysters (1 dozen) - Very very fresh. 2. House Gumbo - Heat level 7.  The flavor was awesome but since it was soupy.  The heat intensifies after each spoon.  I would probably get a 1 or 2 next time.  Wish it came with more rice.. 3. Palace Pan Roast - Heat level 5.  The most popular dish was also the best dish.  The shellfish, crab, shrimp, sausage + ingredients tasted like the sea.  Hearty, creamy, almost soulful but the heat overpowers everything.  I too would get this again but in 2-3.. 4. Linguine alla Vongole - Heat level 7.  The linguine was cooked perfectly.  The calms and sauce was a good balance but the heat again awakened my senses.  I would imagine this dish being light at a 2-3 in heat level.. 5. Bread - nothing special but free. 6. Shocktop Beer - light beer with a hint of orange.  Great for the summers.  Nice cold beer to cool down with all that heat.  . . If your a beer drinker and plan on coming back, I would highly recommend that you buy the 24oz glass.  Bring back the glass and you only pay 1/2 on refills.  If you haven't tried the beers, the waiter will gladly let you sample and small glass for free.
Never thought such good food would come out of a place like this (older hotel). Thank you to my Uncle who suggested we try this place out... along with the many positive Yelp Reviews.. . Oyster bar is definitely worth the wait. We got here around 2:30pm on a Saturday and waited about an hour to be seated. There are only 18 seats at the bar. We got the Combo Pan Roast, which was excellent, and the House Gumbo, which was good, but not as good as the Pan Roast. We also got some oysters, which came with cocktail sauce & horseradish. Oh, and brownie points for the warm bread and room temperature butter. This was way too much food for 2 people, but we just had to try more than 1 dish. Also, they charge $5 for split plates. Next time I think we'll just bite the bullet and pay the $5 so we're not super duper full. They cook the food right in front of you, which is quite a treat. Oh, ice tea was not that great. I would suggest getting an adult beverage to compliment the food. They have recommendations for pairings on the board. They are open 24 hours, and only seat guests 21 years old and over.
The Oyster Bar could easily be one of my favorite places to eat at. With oysters being back in season, this was my place of choice to go to on a Saturday night. We got there around 830 pm figuring we would beat the dinner rush. We ended up waiting for a whole hour when there was only about 7 people ahead of us! The good thing was that they were pretty quick about getting us our dozen oysters and food. The oysters were delicious, but had a couple pieces of shells stuck to the oyster itself from the shucking. . . We ordered our favorite, the Combo Pan Roast...yum! Sharing between the two of us is always more than enough and always always get an extra side of rice. The lady didn't charge us a sharing fee which was extremely nice of her considering that I was getting cranky from the long wait. Overall, if I was starving I don't think I would wait the hour at 8:30 otherwise come really early or really late so that way the wait is cut in half. There is always a wait no matter what, but this just means that this place is that GOOD!
Fkn WOW!!! I would give this place a 5 if it had more than the 14 or so bar stools available to sit. Took me and my party of 3 about an hour to be seated; there were only 6 people in line ahead of us, but it was totally worth it. I've been to Vegas 3 times this summer knowing about this place, but it wasn't until the 3rd time out that I was sober enough to make my merry drunk way from the strip to the Palace Station. The Pan Roast (crab, shrimp, and lobster) was highly recommended so that's what I ordered and it was great. Theymake everything in front of you so that's cool. I forget what my friends ordered, but it was also very good. Great hangover food.
THIS. IS. DRUNK FOOD MECCA!. . When you pass by during the day, you'll see just about every stool occupied and even a line of people waiting during the normal meal times. But even at even at 3, 4 or even 5 in the morning, Oyster Bar still has a steady flow of loyal customers that make a pit stop just before going to bed. . . On my first night at the Oyster Bar, my boyfriend and I shared the combo pan roast. As I was just about to succumb to sleep, the delectable aroma of the pan roast woke me and the beast inside my belly.  Fresh shrimp, crab and lobster all simmering in a creamy tomato broth... how can that not wake you up?  It was just bite after bite of creamy goodness.  And Steve & Ricardo, who work the night shift, don't skimp out on the meat.  The portions here are huge, even after sharing, we still had leftovers. . . On my second night... yes, it was that good that I had to come another night... I had the cup of clam chowder for only $4.99.  The clams were so fresh and had the nice chewy texture that I love. Mhm mhm good!. . This is a must try place if you step into Palace Station. It's open 24 hours so there's no excuse for not trying it out! The staff is so funny and friendly. There's a $5 shared plate charge and Steve didn't charge us the $5 for the combo pan roast on the first night.. . Enjoy!
I give it 4.5 stars, almost a 5. The only knock is the wait and no reservations. This place is highly coveted, so the wait can be long. The food is still top knotch, it's in the conversation for the best cajun style food in Vegas.
This place was awesome. We had to wait about 10-15 minutes since all the seats were taken when we arrived around 8pm yesterday. Ordered oysters and split Pan Roast with crab, shrimp and lobster. YUM- oysters were Fanny Bays, a couple of shell pieces but still pretty awesome and a great deal for $18 a dozen. Pan roast with cream, brandy and rich tomatoes along with our shellfish was bomb. served with rice we split it. JJ was cooking it up and we got 7 heat out of 1-10. Not too spicy and was delish! We will be back -this was a great example of yelp reviews that are accurate as always and did find this place at the top of reviews for oysters. . Only 4 stars- service was friendly but it took awhile for them to clear a spot at the bar and had to go get our own drinks.
A burly man wearing a white chef's jacket with a name tag that said "Evan" made our late night dinner yesterday night. A skinnier gentleman wearing a blue long-sleeved button-down with "Steven" on his name tag served us. He was the only one serving and bussing this 12-14 seat bar. We waited for ten minutes before getting our seats. They have a late-night special menu, which included dollar Budlights, Linguini & Clams for $7.99, and Bloody Mary for $3.50. I ordered a Pepsi. My love ordered a Bud Light.. . We took advantage of the special menu and ordered the Linguini with Clams, and we ordered "Chowda," New England Clam Chowder, which is our favorite item from the oyster bar . We shared our food, but Evan, the cook, said, "Don't tell Steve you're sharing! Otherwise, it's five dollars to split your plate." He said it nonchalantly and added, "You're just swapping, right?" "Right," we answered. . . To the food:. . Linguini and Clams: Linguini was al dente, and there were a boatload of clams in the linguini. It wasn't spectacular, but it wasn't bad either. It was good.. . "Chowda:" This is the reason why we come. The chowder is served in two sizes, cup for $4.99 and bowl for $6.99. The bowl was like a super bowl. It's very filling and definitely should be "swapped" with your friends. There're a lot of oysters in the clam chowder. The soup is creamy, not watery and not too thick. If you want another place to go for this awesome clam chowder, you can also go to Texas Station on Fridays for their buffet, as they have clam chowder there as soup of the day. . . Great clam chowder in Greater Las Vegas... a great late night special/late night happy hour place to go to.. . YUM!
Looked on my yelp app on my phone looking for a dinner location on one of my trips to Vegas. . . Stumbled upon a highly rated Oyster Bar. We had oysters the other night and it wasn't that great so it would be nice to replace that bad taste in my mouth.. . This place only seats around 12 people on a bar with the chef cooking in from of you.. . This place opens 24 hours and I heard there's a massive line around dinner time and around 3 or 4 am when everyone is drunk. Fortunately, the line wasn't that long, we were seated in about 30 mins.. . Since its an Oyster Bar, we had to order some oysters on a half shell. We ordered a half dozen as, based on the yelp reviews, it wasn't the main thing to order. And again, you fellow yelpers were right. It was decent but not the best I've had. . . The thing to order is the pan roast and the gumbo. To be honest, this is the first time I've ever ate gumbo, been wanting to try for a while but it was very good. I definitely need to head to New Orleans to try to real deal.. . Both the Pan Roast and Gumbo had a good amount of seafood and the sauces was tasty and thick. However, I would of liked it more spicy. It wasn't that spicy. I thought Gumbo and Pan Roast would be very spicy but maybe not.. . Overall, being the first experience, it was satisfying. I would try it again next time I'm in Vegas.
This place is classic.  The Cioppino is my favorite.  Consistently delicious!. . Also it is nice to see the food being made right in front of you, the Chef looks like a chemist at work!. . And, I like that you can choose how spicy you like it, from 1 - 10.   . . I've never been displeased eating here.. . The one downside, which is why I rank it 4 stars, is that the line / wait can be quite long.  It would be nice if they expanded this place.  I would probably eat here more often, if I knew I wouldn't have to wait for a while!  I rated it 4 stars instead of 5, for that reason.. . That said - if your in the mood for seafood and have the time, the wait is well worth it.  The food is awesome! :-)
We would probablu never come to this place or Palace Station except for the reviews on Yelp.  What a great find!  Gumbo served in a huge bowl.  Chef gave us a taste of the Palace Pan Roast - will definitely order that next trip.  The Irish Pub around the corner is a great place to hang out, play video poker and watch the game, too.  Only 20 or so spots at the bar and must wait in line.  Try to get a seat away from the steamed clams pot though...
Oh my goodness, I don't think I can stop talking about this place. It is AMAZING. . . Food:. They have a variety of different seafood options. Don't be a chump by getting their chowder, get the pan roast. Any option of the pan roast is amazing. They give you plenty of seafood, although the Asian in me thinks they could've given us one extra scoop of rice for free. The soup is absolutely amazing & flavorful. The seafood is incredibly fresh & everything about it just was so hearty. Talk about the perfect hangover cure. Portions are huge!!. . Prices:. It's pretty expensive, but it's worth it! $20 for the combo pan roast that comes with a scoop of rice & bread.. . Service:. Not too bad, can't really complain.. . Environment:. Palace Station is such a sad little casino. There were more people at the Oyster Bar at 4 AM than in the entire casino floor. I hope they don't run out of business anytime soon, because this place is delicious.. . I didn't give it 5 stars only because watching them clean up the soup was disturbing & unsanitary...although I'm sure it's fine, it's just unappetizing to watch. Absolutely recommend this place. It's amazing.
That sh*t CRAY....Worth the wait!!!...My fiance forced me to come here and yes, we waited for over an hour just to try this place. . . We ordered the Pan Roast and Seafood Jambalaya (spicyness = 7/10), and a dozen Oysters with the souvenir 23oz glass. The food was very tasty and they give you a lot.. . What you see in the pictures is what you get!!! You will sit at a bar, order food, watch it be made in front of you, drink, eat...REPEAT.
My first impression was, "Last meal before departing Vegas. We need something hearty that'll hit the spot.". . There are several Oyster Bars located in various hotels throughout Las Vegas, but the boyfriend and I decided to try our luck at the Harrah's location after playing on his lucky machine for the weekend. We sat down as a friendly chef approached us with the menu and brought us some flat breads. I couldn't stop munching on the sesame ones.. . We ordered the Bourbon Street Jambalaya with Shrimp. It was enough to split and very hearty. If you want one last filling meal before you leave Vegas, you need to try the jambalaya. The shrimp was seasoned well and the entire dish was the definition of rich and flavorful. The sauce was zesty and had andouille and tasso ham which made it even more flavorful.. . We met a nice old lady who sat next to us and she offered to share her fried oysters. They were crispy and juicy and I'd definitely get that when I go back. It seemed like she was a regular there, but when we were about to pay for our bill the chef told us that she took the tab. So sweet of her, and it made our trip that much more memorable. The best way to end my 21st birthday memorable!. . The lasting impression? "One of the most delicious ways to serve up seafood...spiced and fried!"
Chef and waiter are super nice. Got there at 12:30am on a Sunday evening. No wait. Ordered dozen clams, clam chowder and crab pan roast. Shared with my other half. Clam chowder delicious. Little neck clams were good. Kind of on the salty side though. Ordered pan roast with spicy rating 7. Enough spice to give it a kick. Overall a good meal. Will return to try the moonlight special next time.
Is it over rated??? Maybe just a bit but they do have the freshest Oysters!! Located inside Palace Station Casino. A bar that sits about 12-15 people. No one under 21 available. So if you have kids, make sure you send them to the room because along with your wait and time cooking and eating the food, you need minimum 1 1/2 to 2 hrs. . . Waiting in line was the worst part! Standing in that line and just walking over to the bar so often to see if people are done with their food yet. :-(. . I love their little bar section where you can over sea everything right in front of you! From cooking and cleaning, it's so entertaining! . . We ordered a dozen of the fresh oysters along with the clam chowder soup.  If I do comeback on a next visit, I'll either come super early or super late.. late meaning after 1am! Because we were still in that long line at 11pm! grrr.... But they are open 24hrs so take your pick of the time, but be wise about it.
Still great after all these years! Now even better that they are open 24/7. Menu has not changed a lot, but there was no need.. . The Pan Roast is still my favorite, but you can't find fresher oyster in the desert than here!. . The cook and the waitress are always friendly, so tip them well, they work non-stop!
I waited in line here with my coworker for an hour, to be behind 3-4 parties ahead of us. During that one hour, only 1 party was seated. This line would not budge, so we left. :*(. . But, that stirred up my curiosity and decided to come at an off-time (they're open 24 hours) after some Vegas debauchery. . . Ordered the combo (crab, lobster, shrimp) pan roast with level 7 spiciness (levels 1-10), which was a pretty mild spicy. . . I was intrigued by the old fashion boilers in front http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=i6GMotN-jpqlLc9gpmjgEw, as I saw the chef start off by cooking the fresh seafood medley in the boiler, then added the cajun seasoning, the broth, and finally kept adding the cream sauce base/roux. . . The pan roast had strong flavor, where I think adding extra rice or noodles ($1.99) is essential. I actually think this soup would make a really delicious pasta sauce. And then there were juicy and generous clumps of seafood, very yum. . . Service was attentive (you're sitting right in front of them) and the chef kept asking when would be the next time he'll be seeing me, and I assured him for breakfast, lunch, and dinner everyday. (I wish). I definitely will be back to try the infamous gumbo, clam chowder, and (new york) oysters/shooters.
When you go here. Make sure you have your ID. No one under the age of 21 is permitted. This is a hot spot. I try to make this a definite stop when I come to Vegas. It's fun to watch them cook your food. I'd give this 5 stars, but I've been here a handful of times where I wasn't super impressed with the service or food. I'd give this 4.5 stars if I could. Try it out. It's worth the wait.
Combo Pan Roast. Get it. The leftovers the next morning tasted even better.. . The line and chowder were not too bad.
Oyster Bar was the first stop of our most recent Vegas trip. I have heard so many good things about it, but this was our first time trying it out.. . Parking -- Parking is easy. It is located inside the Palace Station Casino, so there was plenty of parking!. . Service -- The service is great! Everyone the works there is super friendly and attentive. The servers are literally right in front of you so its easy to get their attention when you need something.. . Atmosphere -- This is a small restaurant. It is literally a bar with about 12 seats in the casino. They cook your order right in front of you, so you get to talk to the chef and servers while you watch them prepare your food. The wait can be quite long because of the limited seating. My party of 4 waited about 30 minutes to get seated. However, I  imagine at rush hour the wait can be really long. Definitely not for large parties.. . Food -- The food is delicious. Especially if you love seafood. The thing to get is the Pan Roast. It is probably the most popular thing to eat. However since my 3 other friends got the Pan Roast I ordered the Alaskan chowder (clams, cod, and crab) served Manhattan Style (You can also get New England). I was also able to try the Pan Roast from one of my friends. Both dishes were great. Both were generously filled with seafood. The Pan Roast had a nice creamy broth and a spicy kick. I loved it! I imagine this would be great food too eat following a night or drinking. . . Oyster Bar is delicious. It was so good that some of my friends returned for a second meal the next day (I ended up at Cut), but I definitely considered coming back as well. Vegas just has too many good places to eat! I'll definitely be back at Oyster Bar on my next trip!
Craving some delicious seafood soup after a long night of partying/gambling/sinning while in vegas? Oyster bar is the place to go! The Pan Roast Combo is a lovely and happy mix of lobster, shrimp, and shrimp in a lobster bisque type of soup. Also recommend the Alaskan Chowder which is the same mix of seafood goodness but done up clam chowder style. Both soups are very rich and flavorful. Both soups are very filling so be prepared for left overs. You'll be transformed (via stomach) from hungry-hungover to happy-ready-for-bed! . . Why only 4 stars then if its so good? The wait. Unfortunately, there are only about 15 or so seats and there are only 6 stations for them to cook at so you may be waiting in line for 2 hours before you can eat. Avoid coming at noon or dinner time if you want to avoid the line. . . Good friendly service. Definitely a gem in the dirt of an old beat up hotel I wouldn't step in to for any other reason. Its a must stop when I'm in town. So to answer that crazy question you encounter every once in awhile in vegas, "What would drive a man to leave the comfort of his on the strip mega hotel at 5am and go to an old crappy looking beat up hotel on the outskirts of the main crawl?". . Oyster Bar my silly friend. Oyster bar.
Great place for oysters.. . The Pan Roast was really good - it's a bisque soup with lobster, shrimp and stuff.  It comes with a scoop of rice.  You can ask for it to be spicy for those that can handle the heat.. . There is limited seating, like less than 20 seats, so if you hate waiting in lines it is best to come at off times.. . Somewhat pricy, but you are getting seafood.. . This place is perpendicular to the craps tables.
Delicious if you can stand a ghetto casino.. . Pros:. . -Pan roast is amazing. This is a MUST get.. -Pan roast is cooked in front of you in a pressure cooker. -If you choose the large beer option, you get it in a humongous souvenir cup. Cheesy, but I dig it.. . Cons:. . -LONG wait if you come during prime times: lunch, dinner, post club.. -Cigarette smoke from casino is prevalent, it is an open bar. -Because of the cream in the pan roast, can be too rich after a while. -Oysters were fresh but not tasty. Gritty.. . Verdict:. . -Get the pan roast only. It's also safe for work lunch, my boss loves this place.
I am a regular at this Place.... My favorite chef is JJ,, makes a great bowl of gumbo, very personable as is the rest of the staff.... Hands down the best Oyster Bar I have been to in Las Vegas...   Get there early, cause it usually is full... I definitely recommend this place for a nice hearty meal, fairly priced.
Sorry had to drop it down to 4 stars.  Since Sergio became a man of the law, and JJ hasn't been around, they hired a new guy John.  And I'm sorry to say it hasn't been a change for the better.. . One day, I came in, ordered the usual with a "5" for spiciness.  It was not spicy at all.  Thinking that was his style, I came back and ordered a "6" for spiciness.  This time it was way too spicy. One bite and I couldn't eat anymore.  I nearly got a nosebleed from how spicy it was.  . . He looked over at me and asked how the food is.  I said wow it's too spicy I can't eat anymore.  He responded jokingly "it happens. Don't order a 6 next time!"  I know it was a lighthearted joke, but it pissed me off. He didn't know I am a regular and that I was just there 2 days prior.  . . Not only is he so inconsistent, but he is painstakingly slow.  I often come in and the line is always at least 15-20 people deep, if not more.  Sergio could clear out a line in less than an hour.  But with John, good luck!  Our group decided to split the waiting shifts.  I left to gamgle, and lost everything I had in my wallet.  Then while it was my turn to wait, I got about 3/4 through 'The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs: How to Be Insanely Great in Front of Any Audience' on my iPhone kindle.. . It was a long waste of our vacation time and I lost all my money gambling, all for lousy food. There was just nothing good about my recent experiences there, other than the fact that my public speaking has improved.. . John is weak.  So weak that I can squish him between my fingers and fling him away like a piece of gum wrapper.
Once past the creepy people and the smell of smoke you get to Oyster Bar. The food though is very good the wait sometimes can be a pain though
the oyster bar is is very good, the gumbo and pasta they make is awesome. there is usually wait because there are only like 15 seats and you must sit at the bar. children are now allowed because it is a bar. they service is good considering they time i went there were only 2 people working, a cook and a cashier that also help bring out food and clean up. must go if your in vegas.
4.5 stars...just cuz waiting an hour at 1am after a long day of driving from LA, buzzing it and tired doesn't help. It also took a total of almost 3 hours from the time we waited in line till we finished our meals and paid. . . We all have to say it was well worth the wait only if my buddies and I didn't have to wake up at 630am for a tee time at the TPC the next morning. The food was great! Good to kill the hunger, good enough to absorb up all the alcohol and good enough for a hefty late night meal/early morning meal at 3am! We were able to try the New England Chowdah and 3 orders of the Pan Roast. It took the chef a little longer just because each Pan Roast took a long time to cook up. There were only 6 steamer also.. . Don't pass up the Oyster Bar. Be patient cuz you'll be waiting at least an hour and enjoy your Pan Roast or Gumbo. I'll be back the next time i'm in Vegas. . . OPEN 24 HOURS.
I've been coming here for years. I usually will start with a half order of oysters and they are always so good. The cesar salad with shrimp is perfect. The house pan roast is my favorite, I like it spice so I get a 6 since they ask you to rate the spicyness on a level of 1-10. The only thing I wish they still had was the lavage, because it goes so well with the roast. Now they just give you a plain roll. The only other station casino that has lavage is the oyster bar at sunset station which is my second favorite oyster bar in town. It's probably best to go late at night at night which I usually do, since there most likely will be a line. The smell will keep you waiting as long as it takes though. They're also open 24hrs which is a big plus.
Food: *****5*****  . Service: **2**. Hygiene: ***3***. Price: ***3***   . . MUST EAT - Shrimp Scampi, Pan Roast. GOOD - TASTY!. BAD - Slow Service, Long Wait
I love this place, and if you avoid what I did during my last trip (thus the reason for knocking down one star), then you'll enjoy your visit here like how I usually do.. . Came here for a late dinner, and the line was crazy long. I think my girlfriend and I ended up waiting in line well over an hour. Each of the previous times I've come to Oyster Bar, it's usually been in the morning or early lunchtime. The trick is to avoid the crowds, as I finally was introduced to the long wait that my cousin had long warned me about.. . I ordered the Alaskan Chowder, New England style with an added side of pasta. I loved the idea of having a variety of seafood items in addition to the typical clams, but just found that the thick consistency with that large portion size to just be too much for me to handle. Maybe that's a quality that you like, but I'll order something else next time.. . To review: plan coming here early, and don't order the chowder (unless you want to share).
Love this place... the wait is super long, but well worth it! =)
This place is as good as just about everyone claims. Portions are huge, so it's a good idea to share in order to save money and calories. My husband and I split an order of oysters, New England clam chowder, and  the combo roast pot. The clam chowder was good. The cocktail sauce served with the oysters had an excellent kick. The roast pot was the star of the show. I was tempted to lick my bowl when I was finished.. . Service was very friendly, but a bit slow. Due to the bar's small size, there is really only room for a single server, and she was doing it all. . . I read a lot of complaints about long waits before going, so I was worried. Thankfully we only waited 10 minutes or so to be seated. We went around Noon today (Monday), just FYI.
Yeah. This place is redonk.. . The Pan Roast is as good as everyone says. We went with the combo (crab, shrimp, lobster) for $19.99 as opposed to the Palace Station special (crab, shrimp, chicken, andouille) for $22.99. Next time, I definitely wanna try that gumbo. The dude makes the stuff right in front of you and the gumbo looked ulous-redonk also.. . I'd give five stars, but their line system is a little messed up. It seems as though your entire party doesn't have to be present when you're seated. For example, two of your four-person-party can sit and eat and then the other two can return and they can take your place and eat. I guess it makes sense for the casino--allow the guests to roam around and drop cheese into the poker machines--but it's a little frustrating when you've been waiting for about an hour.. . That's another thing. Is it one-hour-wait good? I'm on the fence. Maybe 8pm on a Friday night wasn't the best time to go. I'll keep this place in my back pocket for 2am hunger pangs.
"Excellent food, cook ricardo was amazing. The server, however was very slow with no initiative. If it wasen't for ricardo we would have walked out. He deserves some type of recognitio, and a raise."
Food was straight up 5.   star - Wife got the Pan Roast & I got the boulibase.... Some of the most amazing stuff I have ever ate. . . Got there at 9:30 on a monday night ..... Waited forever to be seated then waited forever for food... I get it.. This is part of experience. The whole process took over 3 hours..... They could do a few things to speed that up... They make a lot of money from this bar... So they don't change a thing. . So I give them 4 stars not 5.
The lobster, shrimp, and crab pan roast really was as good as everyone has written.  For the amount of seafood, it was not a bad price for about $20. It was plenty of food, and really too much for one person, but be warned that they charge $5 for splitting entrees.  I'm assuming that it means that you order only one thing between two people.  My girlfriend ordered a bowl of clam chowder, and it was chock for of clams.  Very delicious as well.  The service is very friendly and welcoming, but it can be a little slow when it gets busier.  . . They served the pan roast with a big scoop of rice, which I really loved, but I noticed that another person had pasta.  I'm not sure if that's a choice. It was a great meal.
Yay! no wait! came here on a wednesday during a random trip to Vegas and luckily there were 2 spot open just for us!  The bf was kinda weirded out by the ghetto location (palace station hotel), but he was happy after we got our food! We ordered the combo pan roast (level 5 spiciness) and a bowl of clam chowder. Both were delicious and we were so full! THey give you bread and butter with your meal and it was fun to watch the chef cook our meal right in front of us! One star off because i felt like there wasn't enough seafood in the roast, but plenty of creamy tomato sauce.
Ok, so I was definitely impatient waiting for this meal. My friends told me this is a MUST in Vegas. Another hole-in-the-wall joint inside an old Vegas casino located off the strip. . . First I was a little skeptical, thinking... oh gosh, this is inside an old freakin casino. Boy was I wrong. Oyster Bar is exactly that-- a BAR. You are seated at the bar!! The wait is longggg and it's first come first serve- no resos. Large groups = stay away!!!. . So we got a beer, and waited in line for about 1.5 hours. After we were seated, we got our food in nearly another hour. 3 dozen oysters, 2 pan roasts,  New England clam chowder, and a Manhattan clam chowder. Everything was WELL worth it!!!! Soooooo freakin' delicious! Oysters were so big, juicy and fresh- yum! Pan roast contains a mix of seafood and combined with a tomatoey broth perfected with your level of spiciness.. . There's only 1 guy running the show... cooking everything all at once. So BE PATIENT!! You WILL (eventually) get your food! Don't let the old casino fool you!
If you're looking for something a little bit different away from the strip this could be your place. It was highly recommended by a few friends and so we had to check it out. They basically serve up this cajun stews with lots of seafood and a bar at the Palace Station. Of course along with it you can get some fresh oysters, bloody mary oyster shooters and a few other typical things. The pan roast is what they're famous for which is this creamy mixture of spice and seafood.. . Just some notes. . . 1. Its a bar so there isn't much seating. 2. There's only 6 cooking stations so only 6 people get served at a time.. 3. Watch out for the spice level, because level 7 made me pay the next morning ... twice.. 4. Prepare to wait, see above.
Some people come to Las Vegas to get cheap eats and some come to eat at the all you can eat buffets!  . . For me I came to LV like a crazed hit man to knock off my Yelp bookmarks one by one. So here I am at The Palace Station Hotel & Casino to try the Oyster Bar. Having been to the Sunset Stations Oyster Bar so I knew that I was in for a treat again and I did not walk away disappointed from Palace Stations Oyster Bar.. . The dish ordered this time around was the Bouillabaisse Spicy with rice and a glass  of Chardonnay. The spicy soup base and the fresh seafood was everything I expected from a great Bouillabaisse. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=xr1v005ca9E5vKENRf6GdQ#xr1v005ca9E5vKENRf6GdQ. I love watch the chef making my dish while sipping one the cool glass of wine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=X5MpbSZQf_lO_ywbO9BKkw#X5MpbSZQf_lO_ywbO9BKkw. . The Oyster Bar is always one of my must go to places when in town.. . Friendly Helpful Service.. . My LV Trip Bookmark #6
a bit of a wait, but well worth it!. . i love getting the pan roast at spice level 7-8 and my husband loves the Alaskan chowder.  . . pan roast -  thick, creamy, spicy and salty, but goes well when accompanied with rice on the side.   i crave this every time i go to vegas, and sometimes this is what brings me to vegas (secretly).   . . the wait is a pain in the butt when its really bad, and i miss having the old chef.  the last chef that was there was very slow and getting the orders out and we could see that he only had one order going while the bar was full and waiting on him to quit schmoozing and start cooking.  by the time the food came out, i was already over it (since it was 4 am) and i just wanted to go to bed
As a local who lives close to Palace Station, I go to Oyster Bar about once a month (and whenever I have out of town visitors). . . The food is fantastic. I've tried nearly everything on the menu and by far the best thing on the menu is the Combo Pan Roast. I also almost always get oysters on the half shell when I visit. The oysters are always super fresh and very reasonably priced. They currently have a late night special where a half dozen is 8.99 (full dozen is 16.99 if I remember correctly).. . The only negatives (and they're big ones) are the wait and the service. If you go during a peak times (weekend evenings), expect to wait about an hour in line and then another half hour to get your food after getting seated. Basically, the place is really popular and there are about 16 seats at the bar and 2 overworked chefs who often struggle to keep up with the orders. . . If you go during the day and get Ricardo as your chef you're in for a treat. He's super friendly and probably the best oyster shucker I've ever seen. He definitely gets your food out faster than the other chefs.
Who would have thought I'd find myself downtown at a rundown casino like Palace Station, but there I was on a late Sunday night enjoying one of the most satisfying dishes sin city had to offer! . . Yup, I'm talkin about the Pan Roast at Oyster Bar! . . Do yourself a huge favor and order the palace version with shrimp chicken andouille sausage and crab. I added lobster too. But either way, It's the bomb, cuz its all about that crazy good sauce! Keep in mind however, to truly enjoy this dish, you've gotta love your spice! Trust, each bite will be a scorching spoonful of fiery goodness! Chunks of meaty sausage, chicken and seafood in every bite and I bet you won't be able to put your spoon down! Well, except to wipe your forehead from the sweat cuz this bad boy is hot hot hot! But oooh soooo hot diggity good! I ordered a level 7 (1-10 being spiciest) and it was just right!. . We started with 1/2 a dozen oysters on the half shell, and that was an excellent intro to our fantastic meal! The oysters were fresh and went down the hatch nicely with a swig of cold frosty Kirin! . . We also ordered the shrimp scampi. It came served with loads of succulent tiger shrimp, a heaping serving of fresh chopped garlic and noodles swimming in a pool of buttery glory. Although it was tasty, it simply couldn't hold a candle to the signature pan roast IMO! . . I'm tellin ya, order the pan roast and enjoy! Your taste buds and tummy will thank you for it!. . Happy Eats!
This place is a hidden gem! It doesn't look like much when you are just walking up to the bar and you have to make sure there isn't a line. We went late Saturday night and had to wait two hours before we were able to sit down, It's first come first serve seating. I was a little taken back at how long we waited BUT it was totally worth it! Once your seated you have a cook and a server right in front of you steaming away the delicious food. The atmosphere is a little different once you sit down, it's a great way to meet new people since you sit next to strangers :) the Palace Pan Roast is what I would suggest for your first time! It's so creamy and full of flavor! And there is a lot of it! The portion is huge! Other than the limited seating, I'd give this place an A++ and will be back soon.
long wait! be prepared! the place is tiny and only seats abt 12 people or so.. . we had dolores as our waitress and there was one chef on site with glasses.. . we ordered the palace pan roast spicy level 7, and the bouillabaisse spicy level 5. a dozen oysters.. . oysters - shucked in front of us, they dont go the extra step to clean the oyster for you if they see shells. i had to pick the pieces out myself before eating them for at least 6. i hate sandy oysters.. . they actually got our order mixed up with another one. they gave us the bouillabaisse soup correctly but im not sure if it was suppose to be the other girls. as it wasnt spicy it was still tasty.. . they gave us gumbo which was also someone elses order and i accidently tasted it before i knew since i dont eat gumbo and wasnt sure if its what i ordered. i was just excited to try it. . . dolores realized the mistake and had the chef make our palace pan roast for us. and also re did the other girls order for her. she wasnt a happy camper. but neither was us because the palace pan roast only came out with shrimp and chicken. missing ingredients such as lobster and sasusage (i think) we let her know again and she said the chef will re-do it but at this point the meal was just taking too long so we said its okay. she made some adjustments on our bill and we were happy with that.. . the food is very good though! it would have been a better experience if it wasnt for the mix up. no biggie, busy rush hour- one chef. these things happen. i would still come back again.
We waited almost an hour to sit at this famous bar around 2pm. This is not a light meal by any means... I felt like my blood pressure doubled from salt, my cholesterol soared from the cream/shellfish concoction, and I gained 2 lbs just during my lunch.... . Anyway as said befor the oysters aren't great... I go to pj Clark's in the forum shops to get my oyster fix during their happy hour.. . . We got the chowder which was good.. The combo pan roast and the jambalaya. The jambalaya was like a salt fest woah!!. The combo pan roast was the best but super heavy!! Maybe because I'm not familiar with new Orleans cooking but I don't understand why it's called a pan roast when the jambalaya seemed to be cooked in the same fashion but wasn't considered a pan roast.... . The cooking contraption is interesting. I have never seen anything like that... Seems to have like steam going through pipes to cook the food.  The chef is a busy guy!!
Re-Review!. Friends were going. "I've been waiting a year for this!", she says. "Been there, ate that, not worth the wait", I think to my self. But I was polite and thank goodness I was. Followed her lead and ordered the Pan Roast this time. OMG!!  Gumbo, oysters; pretty good but not worth waiting in line (1 hour+) for again. But the Pan Roast...oh the Pahahahaaaaan Roast. . Rich and creamy. Got the combo w andouille first time. Seafood combo 2nd time was better and they throw in a big scoop of steamed rice which will get you a big hug from this Hawaii boy. . Still giving them a four because of the wait which I think could be lessened with more help behind the counter.  . I'm back home now and was just strickened with the most intense Pan Roast craving the other day.  I would have driven anywhere on the island for one. Lucky I don't live in Cali. I got it bad!
Before leaving Vegas, my friends and I always stop by Oyster bar for our last meal (depending if we won or lost money). We always come during the afternoon since it seems that the restaurant is not as busy as it would be at night and they have big screens playing all the sports games for the day so you can eat and watch at the same time.. . We always get the same items: Oysters of the day to start off the meal, then the clam chowder, and its usually the Bourbon Jamabalaya or Sauteed clams in white sauce with linguine. There's also complimentary bread that comes with the meal which is great to dip in the clam chowder. . . Since we travel in a group, we can order all this food and share but for those that are just traveling with their SO or couple of friends, get half a dozen of oysters, share the clam chowder and you MUST try the jamabalaya! Those three you have to try if you never been to Oyster bar before.
Knock me over with a feather.  I would not suspect that one of the best seafood places in Las Vegas is a little 18-seater bar inside of Palace Station.  . . There are literally 18 seats, and the line can be up to an hour long to get a coveted spot.  When we went, by the grace of whatever you pray to, there were 2 open seats just waiting for us.  As soon as we sat down, that line started piling up.. . The best part of this place is the experience of watching them make your food.  There are all these steam pots right in front of you and it is fascinating to watch as they boil over with deliciousness.  The chef that was there that night...I believe his name was Ricardo, worked fast and was very engaging with the guests, cracking jokes and making you feel at home.. . My husband and I got a dozen oysters.  Warning: the oysters are HUGE.  I saw them, salivated, ordered, then couldn't finish them because they are so big.  We both got the combo pan roast.  Creamy, tomatoey, full of seafood, a little spicy.  Coming from San Diego, I have always been on the hunt for some good seafood, and this place has it!  They also have jambalaya, gumbos, clam chowders, bouillebaise, and more.  A little slice of oceanic heaven waiting for you (or should I say, you will wait for it...a long time) inside of Palace Station.
This place was amazing! It's off the strip, but definitely worth a cab ride to. We ordered:. -bowl of clam chowder. -jumbo bacon wrapped shrimp. - combo pan roast with rice. . For two people, this was wayyyy too  much food. But everything was delicious! Our bill  came out to under $50, which I have to say is good for a seafood meal. The wait was long, but worth it.
no frills, stick to your ribs kind of food that i love. better that they're open 24/7. . what i ate:. - 1/2 dozen raw oysters: the were good. not the best oysters in the world, but the late night 1/2 dozen were fairly cheap so i shared a plate with my friend. - pan roast combo: yes yes yes! seafood goodness, creamy, and full of flavor. this is heavy rich food. i was hungry, but i could barely finish half. . - sourdough bread: the bread rolls were oh so tasty. perfect to dip into the pan roast combo!. . pros:. - food: the southern food is sooooo soooooo good. seriously, thinking about the pan roast combo and im salivating. even the BREAD is good. if youre sick of all the vegas buffets, please try this place out!. - open 24/7. i love vegas!. - kirin on tap! with all the heavy thick creamy food, kirin is so tasty . - sitting at the bar you can watch them cook your delicious bowl of food right in front of you. try not to drool everywhere while waiting for your food. . cons:. - first come first serve! its a small bar that seats about 20(???). so, it's not the place to come at prime times to eat! my friend and i came around midnight on a sunday night, and there was about 1 party ahead of us. we still waited a good 15 mins. ive seen the line wayyyyyyyy longer. - price: not the cheapest admittedly, but the food is worth the price. trust me. you dont get any frills of a sit down fancy high end restaurant, but the flavor is THERE. - $5 split fee on plates.... luckily our server didnt charge us ;). - good things take a while, so be patient. our food took a while to come out, but my friend and i whetted our appetites with some raw oysters. - NOT on the strip! its off the strip and the hotel is ghetto and old and filled to the brim with asian people and other seddy clients, but, go for the food! . . tip: come during OFF hours, probably avoid the weekends. . . would i come again? YES
good food, and drink.  very cozy.
Love this place not necessarily for the oyters but, for the pan roast.  It's a must every time I'm in town and it kills me that there's nothing like it closer to Los Angeles.  I even tried another place in Vegas that was supposed to be the same thing.  Nope, not even close.  Their flavor is unique and delicious.
Omg, love them love them!!! Their raw oysters and clams are just unbeatable. The lobster pasta and clams pasted were delicious although not as great as my first couple times here ((I think the chief makes a huge difference)) . . the lobster pasta were a bit too sour this time even though we ordered a spiciness of 6. The clams pasta's soup was not as tasty as before.. . I would give it a five star if the waiting was a little shorty. The first couple times I went was after midnight and 3-4am :D maybe that's the main reason why there wasn't a long line. Last night, I went there at 8pm and I waited for close to 2hrs....
WOW, we waited almost 2 hours to be seated. We went around 8:15pm and got seated at around 10:10pm. And we knew exactly what we wanted when we got to our seat since we had been staring at the menu the whole time we were waiting in the line. So we ordered right when got seated, but it took about 45 minutes for us to receive our food because their pan roast takes a while to cook and they were already behind with the orders because they were so packed with people. So this is where they get the minus 1 star. With the food, wow! their oysters are awesome! Their pan roast - even better! I got the combo gumbo and combo pan roast for my husband. We both liked the pan roast better. I got it at 7 because I like it spicy - but honestly, it wasn't spicy enough for me. Clam chowder was good - decent flavor with lots and lots of clams. If you want to eat here, come at a really awkwardtime... like 3pm or 2am... because we left the bar at around midnight and there were still people waiting in line.
The wait is long. Walter White aka Heisenberg works here during night shifts. Don'tmake him mad.
What more is there to say that everyone else hasn't? I have wanted to come here for years, finally did by booking a weekend at Palace Station with my mom (boy does the casino blow, but that's another review).. . We didn't have to wait at all on a Friday, got there around 6pm. . . Got a half a dozen raw oysters and clams each, sweet waitress gave it to us for the price of a dozen oysters to save money.. . Bottle of white wine was under $30.. . I got the gumbo, mom got the crab pan roast. I had serious food envy...we both got it at a 5/10. Sat next to a kid and his mom that lived in town and he got a 10! Boy was it fun to watch him eat that slowly. . . Total meal...less than $100, in Vegas that's a steal.. . We went back the next day to split a house pan roast, got a 6/10...depending on who cooks it for you the heat level can vary with the numbers. If you are unsure just get a lower number, you can always spice it up. We also got a crab cake...there are happy hour prices, it was yum.. . I might be back for lunch next month when I am in Vegas again...yeah it's that good.
Excellent Pan Roast and fresh oysters! I rate this little gem to serve better cajun cuisine than in New Orleans. Everything is cooked with care and patience in front of you while you wait. The staff has always been nothing but friendly. . . The only downside is the lack of seating. A few extra tables around the bar wouldn't hurt. Overall, the long wait is worth the excellence of the meal.
Went to the Oyster bar on a Tuesday about 6pm. waited in line for about a 1/2 hour.. The seating is very limited. about 15 chairs at the Oyster Bar.. I assume they constantly have a line and you can easily wait up to an hour, in line.. The night we went , they had 1 cook and 1 cashier.. We ordered a drink and fresh oysters to start. The Oysters were pretty good and the beer was cold and the bread was warm.. About 30 minutes later our food came. My lobster roast had plenty of lobster and it had a good flavor, The other dish had way to much chicken and not enough seafood, it was average.. Normally I would have given them a three, but the cook and the cashier were really busting their ass to get the food out, shuck oysters, serve drinks, clean the bar, do refills and seat people.. And they were doing it with a smile.. The supervisor  came around several times and say them in the weeds and kept going.[What a twit].. I think if they had another worker, everything would be excellent and they wouldn't have to rush everything and constantly run their ass off non stop.. So many of the casinos are really cutting back and its really killing the place.. If my employees get slammed, I am right in the middle of it busting my tail with them.. Not standing back like some managers and ignoring the problem.
This was my first time & was very excited because I had heard great things about this place. The wait was about an hour & a half since there is limited seating & only 2 men working. The Pan Roast is absolutely delicious; I tried it at the spiciness level 6 & it was just right. We also tried the House Gumbo but were disappointed; it was extremely salty. The service is friendly & theymove as quickly as they can given their space & capability. I will definitely be visiting this place again.
mmmm. Pan Roast - seafood for me. Rice on the side! :) I get it as a "5" right in the middle of the spice level. . . Try the oyster shooter w/ bloody mary mix. I dare you. mmm. so yummy. And wash it down with some beer. C'mon it's a 21 + place anyways. Enjoy the food.. . The thing is everyone does things differently here. If you watch the chefs - some are taking his sweet a$$ed time (however, I heard his food tastes the best) and some would just burn yours (like mine, but still was delish!). . I'm not sure if it's because they don't have enough room and stuff - or what. We were about 10 ppl behind, but yet still took us about 2.5 hours before getting seated. Doesn't matter what time you show up, because there is always someone in line and  waiting and have been waiting. We got there around 12:30 am, didn't sit down and order until 4am. However, as usual, the food was way worth it.
Arrived here at zero dark thirty and waited in line for about 40 minutes.  I ordered a half dozen oysters, and the Combo Pan Roast .  The oysters were fresh, plump, and delicious.  The Pan Roast was decadent and very good.  I'll be back.
The only reason I don't give 5 stars is the waiting time.  Be ready to stand in line for around an hour and then wait like 1/2 an hour more to get your food.  Everything I've tried here is amazing.  If you love Seafood, hearty meal, food with personality, this is the right place.  One of my favorite restaurants in town.  Excellent food, great customer service, good price....just the wait! - worth it at the end!
Inside Palace Station just west of the 15. Wait was 1:50--- almost 2 full hours in a very humble line. Place is like 16 bar stools and downhome touches everywhere( to be read as super old, bit dumpy. i.e. u will queue up next to a cig vending machine and other unsightly things).. . LOUISIANA oysters:12 for $19. Gumbo was $22...$5 for sharing. Worth it?! Yes...and no.. . Fresh, tasty, but is it "blow me away, I would wait again for the same amount of time for their food?"  Don't think so. Hm...prolly NAY.. . Oysters not very briny...no real marine sea flavor. But soft, smooth...huge! Gumbo is prepped with customer ordering heat level of 1-10. .#5 was his choice. Too hot for me.. . Btw, a bowl very comfortable feeds 4 people. We regrettably left half the bowl uneaten. "Rouxed" that fact :). . Ricardo is a beast at the helm!. . $13 taxi fare from Wynn/Encore, so cant imagine how much fare would be from the central portion of the Strip!!
Definitely a gem in Las Vegas! Especially considering it's off the strip and in an old hotel/casino like Palace Station. . . There is literally about 20-25 seats so if you do not want to wait, I recommend coming at odd times (non-lunch/dinner hours). I came around 10:30AM and sat down immediately. My friends came at 5PM and sat down immediately as well. If you come during busy hours (lunch/dinner times), you can expect to wait about 1-2 hours.. . Definitely get the fresh oysters! It is sooo delicious and they literally shuck 'em in front of ya- so it's definitely fresh. They toss all the bad ones and they're pretty experienced with that.. . The pan roast and bouillabaise are extremely delicious. The pan roast has a more creamy sauce with seafood, whereas the bouillabaise has more of a tomato broth with seafood. I must say, it does come with a lot of seafood, I thought it was worth it for the price. . . This place is very comparable to The Broiler in Chino Hills (CA), which I really like as well. . . For most of the entrees, you can order spiciness from 1-10 (10 being most spicy), and it does get very hot. Usually above a 5 makes it difficult for you to enjoy the meal, but if you have the stomach of steel, by all means, do it! haha. . The chef and worker have quite a personality, they can be jokesters and quite entertaining. However, the waittress I had was a little rude... maybe I just caught her on a bad day (which explains why I did not give it a 5 star rating).
Awesome seafood!!
"Please, please, please, no more fish liver, fish sperm, baby eels, crab innards,  shrimp brains, or live octopus.  I wanna pick where we eat today."  whines my Midwest poker bud to a group of three Asian guys.. . "OK, OK, where we going?"  I ask choking back laughter at his whining.. . "Oyster Bar.  Palace Station." is all he says.. . "Cool".  Leaning towards my buds, "Did we really feed him fish sperm?"  Nodding of heads and an explosion of laughter settles the matter.. . Very Important:. . 1.  There is always a line.  Expect a wait.. 2.  Don't go expecting perfectly cooked, diverse selection of the best seafood.  It's about flavorful dishes from the 1970's and 1980's made from everyday stuff.. . That said, fresh, nondescript oysters on the half shell with cocktail sauce and horseradish.  Overcooked but typical shrimp cocktail with an OK cocktail sauce (dump the horseradish in from the oysters to pump it up).  Chewy, but tasty, overcooked little necks.. . Mains are straightforward.  Pan roasts (shelled, over cooked lump crab, shrimp and lobster in an old school brandy infused tomato cream sauce) and Gumbos (same over cooked seafood with andouille sausage and okra thickened with a red brick roux) both served with everyday steamed rice are good eats for sure.   Along with the seafood jambalaya, plain ole good comfort food.. . Unfortunately the bouillabaisse and SF classic, Cioppino really miss the mark.  It's hard to enjoy dishes that have been perfected and widely available elsewhere.  Sorry but the use of previously frozen cod, over cooked clams, mussels, headless shrimp and previously steamed crab doesn't cut it.  The sweet, flavorful juices from the shrimp heads and crab are missing and heck, it's just more fun to pick at and suck seafood out of the shell.. . Straight forward, simple beer and wine list.  Inexpensive; 2x retail.  Efficient service.. . The food is only three stars.  A fourth awarded because this IS a Vegas institution (cheers Godzilla X.)
4.5*. . Goodness gracious, is there always a line here? We waited 2+ hours on a Monday evening, off-peak, and non-holiday weekend. Ate dinner at 10 PM =( You have been forewarned! Limited seating (~16 seats), and only 12 people in line when we first got there.. . This being my first time here, I just followed suit. We all got the combo pan roasts (in varying degrees of spiciness), which is one of their most popular dishes. I wanted to try the gumbo, but my friend said it wasn't as good as the pan roast - oh well, next time. Verdict? Excellent! 1 shared between two girls was perfect. We were full and satisfied, and we're big eaters too! The guys, who each had their own pan roast, were in pain for an hour afterwards because they didn't share yet had to eat every last drop because we're Asian. Mwahahaha.. . Oysters on the half shell were large and juicy, but not as creamy as I like. The best oysters are still found in the NW, sigh. I didn't care much for the bread but it made for good dipping.. . TIP: Ask for the rice on the side if you don't plan to eat it all, otherwise they automatically add it to the roast and because of all the cream sauce, it's hard to differentiate if the leftovers are unnecessary carbs from rice or a tasty piece of seafood you accidentally left behind.
First off if you do not mind waiting in line then you will be fine it is a very limited seating you are simply sitting at a bar. i went there on a Monday night and at first you would think yes that should be okay but i was wrong there. it took me and my mom about an hour and a half to be able to be sat and by that time i was more tired that i waited and nearly done with the place. so that really was not good and the cleaner would of been able to get two groups in if he simply cleaned up really quickly after the group before left but he waited nearly 20 minutes before cleaning. . . Second once i was able to sit down things started to get much better the rolls that they start you off with were not the best but was good enough to make you at least not get up and walk away from the anger of waiting,. . third the cook seemed to be so out of his mind i was scared to even watch him and wait to see what he was doing but i have to say it was funny to a point to watch this person that looked to be drugged out and out of his mind make food. . . finally we come to the main course and i have to say it was well worth the wait i got the house gumbo and it was very good i have to say tho that the combo pan roast that my mom ordered was even better and i would recommend going there any time you are in the area i plan on going back next time i have two hours to wait in line because tho the wait may make you want to shoot yourself in the face in the end it is all worth it. . . the only reason it does not get 5 stars it because they lack of speed they cleaned at but other then that i can get over the wait for such great food.
I came here with super high expectations. Maybe it was too hyped for me that when I ate it I thought to myself "oh? this is it?" I did enjoy watching the chefs throw the seafood, seasoning and cream into the kettle and cook it. . . I ordered the palace pan roast which has crab, shrimp and lobster. Mmm I loved the bits of seafood in the creamy tomato broth and ate it with rice. Delicious! But is it worth the 1-2 hr wait? Not really. . . Tips. *Limited seating (18 seats) so you may have to wait awhile during lunch/dinner hrs. *There is a $5 splitting charge if you decide to split a pan roast or something & they give you an extra scoop of rice
5 girls, 7:30pm on a Saturday night with 13 people ahead of us in line = 1 hour wait. Seated in the middle for a perfect view! The chef was hilarious and makes small talk with everyone (keep in mind this is really a BAR in the middle of the hotel, not a restaurant. Seats only about 15).. . Was it worth it? YES! We had our 99cents margaritas from Palace Station in hand while waiting in line. (The best and worst idea). Margaritas filled us up a little. Our group of 5 girls shared 3 combo pan roasts (shrimp, LOBSTER, crab). We finished total a little over 1 bowl .. woops. To-go'd the rest of them. There is a $5 charge to share bowls. The pan roast was so creamy and delicious - my favorite part: CHUNKS OF LOBSTER. Ohhhh yeah =) You can only eat so much at a time though since its so thick and creamy so you'll always end up wanting more .. beware!. . Our bill came out to be about $100 w/ tax and tip.
I had this yesterday right after I checked out.  Arrived a little before 12PM.  I thought I was going to a restaurant and was a little dissapointed because I wanted to be alone and not bugged because of my hangover.  It actually was a bar as if you were going to grab a drink.  Anyways, arrived there and got seated right away, fortunately. This place is amazing..that's all I have to say.  I'm on a venture right now to find this somewhere in the Los Angeles/Orange County area.  I recommend going there early because by the time I was done with my meal, there was a long long line with people looking very miserable.  Anyways, go early and you have to order the Pacific Pan Roast, the one that is at the top of the pan roast menu.  This is right up there with my cravings for either Boiling Crab (crawfish) or Indian Food (chicken tika masala).  So much flavor.  I most definitely will go back here, every time I'm in Vegas.  Now where can I go to find this in Los Angeles? hmm... :/  Thanks to my girlfriend showing this, I am now at work ..yelping while i should actually be working on this very gloomy Monday back from Vegas. sigh..
It's a great place inside the palace station. Tried the pan roast which was delicious, the oysters were great, and the gumbo which was o.k. off peak hours are not as long of a line but still had to wait since there's only six station to cook from with limited seating. Great food though, just don't go too hungry since there is a tad wait.
Everything said about this oyster bar is true. I've desperately wanted to try this place out because everyone said it was one of the best joints in town. I even decided to stay at the hotel for one night just to eat here. . . I had a party of four and arrived about 2 am. The bar was full and I had about 4 people ahead of me. As everyone said, the wait can be long and getting your food takes awhile. We weren't finished until 4am!  Even though there's only two people working, they somehow are able to work efficiently and smoothly. Watching them work was so hypotonic. . . The pan roast was so creamy and delicious, sort of like a cross between coconut Thai curry and some type of seafood tomato base. It's a big bowl, so I would def share it with someone else (they do charge you $5 for sharing). The oysters tasted fresh and are great appetizers before  your hearty meal. . . Staff was friendly and talkative. But one tip is make sure your order is right and check your pan roast for the right ingredients. I ordered the palace pan roast and we even got charged for it  but received the lobster roast, which happens to be cheaper.
Das Restaurant ist relativ klein, aber verspruht Charme. . Wir haben Lachs und Hahnchen gegessen, alles sehr lecker. Wer auf den Preis achten mochte, kann sich an die Tageskarte halten. Dabei werden die Gerichte ca 5-10 dollar gunstiger angeboten. Der Service ist zurvorkommend und sehr freundlich. Alles in allem gab es nichts zu kritisieren
Sandra our server is slow. Super slow!!! Avoid her at all cost!! Food is 5 star and worth waiting for. Favor items: Pan Roast and fresh oysters and clams. Clam chowder was a bit of a disappointment. Tasted very generic.
I love this spot but I really wish they would look into getting a larger resturant within the casino. The Pan Roast is the best I ever had but the wait makes you want to go else where.
If it wasn't for the Oyster Bar I would have never ventured out to the Palace Station! Like what most of the reviewers have stated, the Palace Station is run down and looks like it's got it's life sucked out of it! Although, the Oyster Bar has breathed life back into the old forgotten place. . . Upon entering the Palace Station, the Oyster Bar sits right smack in the middle of the casino! There's only seating for about 17 people so there's always a line and a long wait. The bf and I ended up waiting an hour to get seated and another hour for our food to arrive. Service was super slow since there's only one chef and one waitress handling everything. . . After looking at the menu, I ended up ordering the Palace Gumbo with a spice level of 6, and my bf ordered the Palace Pan Roast with spice level of 6. Upon devouring our meal since we were both starving, I had to stop myself because my gumbo was overwhelmingly spicy! At level 6 my mouth felt like it was on fire and I had to stop eating after every bite to drink water. This was probably the spiciest meal I've ever had! Since I ordered a level 6 I seriously can't imagine how spicy a level 10 would be. Although for my bf who can actually take spicy food, he finished his entire bowl of Pan Roast without a complaint. I ended up taking a majority of my leftover gumbo home. I had to dilute the spices by adding water but it did the trick and tasted a lot more tolerable afterwards. . . Tip* Try coming during off hours to avoid the long lines! They are open 24 hours!
I would never know Palace Station Casino if i didn't go to Oyster bar. Who would know inside the old casino, there is an amazing restaurant? Heard it always gets crowded, we went there around 9:00 am and ordered pan roast and house gumbo. What a heavy breakfast but it was so good. We finished everything and barely could walk out of Palace Station. Next time i wanna try oysters and Bloody Mary Oyster shooters.
Warning: this is really just a random bar inside palace station. The seating is a little surprising because even bars usually have other places to sit. Just come here before 5, if possible. I've never actually had to wait that long like other reviews say. I try to avoid the rush hours . . Food: the combination pan roast is amazing. The first time I tried this, it felt like it wasn't living up the the hype everyone claims, but the second time I realized I was very wrong. This is definitely my favorite dish.. . Service: it takes awhile for the food, but they're very friendly. I always enjoy when people cook in front of the customers, definitely adds to the experience.
As much as I hate the wait, and the ghetto casino that smells like cigarettes, I always come back.. . When you're in Las Vegas, it's hard to imagine that you would want to come out to this place, wait in this line, to drop $30-$40/person for a meal because there are SO MANY places to eat.  I really can't tell you why I'm so addicted to this place, except that the food really is quite delicious.. . If you're reading the reviews, you already know there will be a line.  Just accept it.  There are only so many seats, and everything is cooked fresh, so what can they do?. . Come when you're not already starving, or else you'll just get very grouchy.  In fact, come at odd hours if possible.. . My personal favorite is the pan roast.  I never get sick of it.  It's flavorful, the seafood is so fresh, and the heat makes everything feels better.. . This last time around I also tried the clam chowder, and it's just as delicious as the pan roast, except the flavor does not have the sweetness that the pan roast has.  So if you're not into sweet flavors in your food, the clam chowder might be a good choice for you.
What!!!... Firsttimer here and I'm an instant fan. Yes, you'll have to wait unless you get lucky and seats open up when you arrive. But it's worth the wait! You have 24hr in a day to try it. . . Really cool, hole-in-the-wall kinda place. Right in the middle of a low-mid range hotel/casino way off the strip, the Palace Station. . . The food was excellent. As my first time here, my family recommended the Combo Pan Roast w/ shrimp, crab and lobster. I ordered mine with medium (#5) spiciness and included a scoop of white rice on top (you can ask for it on the side if you like). Also had shrimp cocktail and the dozen oysters in the half shell. Both were really tasty. The clam linguini my sis got looked amazing as well. Will have to try that one time. My friend got the manhattan clam chowder and mentioned that it was ok and a little salty for his taste. . . They also offer clams on the half shell, gumbo, jambalaya, clam chowder and more! Drool. Check out the specials on beer and drinks. An oyster shooter menu looked too good. . . Service was friendly and attentive. The chef had the process down. It was entertaining watching him work as he prepared the meals in front of you. They also didn't rush you through your meal, as seeing there are only 18 seats. I don't recommend large parties, as it may be tough to get everyone seated at one time.. . I'm eager to go back and try more dishes. If you like seafood, this is a must-go-to.
My friends and I made the trek over to Palace Station just for this famed Oyster Bar. I don't see why else we would be here since the casino was really old & had a mature crowd. . . The first thing to point out is the wait. You will wait a good while since its just a counter. What you see is what you get with this place and there is no hidden extra seating area. It's simply just a counter and right next to it is a small roped off section for people to wait. & stare at you while you eat of course because the food is so good and they have been waiting that long haha. There's only a few people working this oyster bar but every one of them was really friendly. . . I tried the Pan Roast Combo (21.99) with a spicy level of 6. I like spicy food so it didn't seem spicy at all, just a kick of flavor. It comes with rice and dinner rolls for dipping. Portion was really big so easily feeds two people (there is a split fee of $5 bucks tho!)  I've never had a pan roast before but it was so good and so flavorful. Hard to describe but its like a thick seafood stew? I am probably butchering the description so I will stop there, but it IS worth coming out of your way to Palace Station just to try this. In fact, I'll probably go out of my way to come back to this place again.
Small ... Waits too long when there are many people. . . Food on the other hand is good.. Sucks for those kids who aren't 21 and can't sit at this bar lol. They id all those who don't look of age.. . Oysters are good and the seafood soups are too.
Can't go wrong it's 24 hours they serve great tap beer. They steam all there good it's amazing gumbo and the location is in the center of the casino this place is amazing I recomened trying there gumbo and Definitly having there shrimp oyester Alfredo fettuccini good food mucus drinks.
LOVEEEE this place, HAATEEEE the wait.  Oh Oyster bar, why do you have to be located in such a shitty location and only offer 18 seats ?! Oyster Bar is definitely the ONLY reason I would ever venture out to Palace Station again.  Soo is it good enough to look past the two hour long wait, second hand smoke, and horrible reception?? Yes...yes it is.  The service is friendly and the portions are huge and delicious.  After starving in line, you really do start ordering with your eyes.  We ordered two dozen oysters, clam chowder, and the combo pan roast. Everything tasted so fresh and filling!  The oysters were soo fat, clam chowder was creamy, and the combo pan roast was very flavorful.  There is not a huge selection on their menu, but what they do have is all they need.  I will definitely be back here!. . OYSTER BAR- PLEASE EXPAND ... OR EVEN BETTER, MAKE YOUR WAY OVER TO LA!! :D
After seeing photos of the food that my friends posted, I know that I had to stop by here on my most recent Vegas trip. Luckily the bf was with me to enjoy it. It's located inside an old hotel off the strip and fairly easy to locate once inside. We arrived at 4:20PM on a Sunday afternoon In hopes of no wait. Boy were we wrong. 7 other parties before us and there was about 14 seats total  which were all taken. We ended up waiting an hour and 40 mins to just be seated. I passed the time by playing penny slots and won cab ride $$ for the trip back to our hotel! By the time we were seated we knew exactly what we wanted- Palace Pan Roast and the chowder. It was interesting to see how the pan roast and gumbos were made. It took about another 25 mins for our pan roast to be made. By this time, we had 15 mins to eat and head back to our hotel to grab our luggage and head to the airport. Totally worth the cooking wait time but I now understand why I've had friends tell me to come at odd hours- the wait is excruciatingly long with only one chef doing everything!!!
Oyster Bar is open 24hrs.  I heard lot of good stuff about Oyster Bar.  I had 12 dozen Oyster, House Gumbo.  Wow it was very tasty.  If you ever go to Vegas go try out Oyster Bar at Palace Station Hotel & Casino.
A must when you're in Vegas! This place definitely lives up to it's hype! The wait sucks but it's worth it (and I waited almost 2 hours!!).. . I ordered the oysters, pan roast, and clam linguini. The oysters were decent but not the best things on the menu. On the other hand, the pan roast and clam linguini were glorious! They are made to order and you can choose how spicy you want the dishes on a scale of 1-10. I ordered the pan roast with spicy level 8 and the clam linguini was a 6. The level 8 was pretty spicy (I was sweating and it made my nose run) but so good when eaten with the rice and bread. Next time I go, I'm planning to try the gumbo!. . The place is a gem located on the casino floor, and it's comprised of a long bar that only seats about 18 people at a time. So it's an intimate setting where you get to know your neighbors/fellow diners and the chef. Everyone who works here is friendly and fun. . . This place is definitely on my must-eat list whenever I'm in Vegas.
Love this place! Yes, it's definitely worth the wait. First time here? GET THE PAN ROAST!!!! It's delicious!!!! My favorite is the combo pan roast with rice. So good!!!!! Friendly service. Purse hangers under the bar. Can't wait to go back!!. . Here's what we got and some prices as of 10/2013:. Dozen oysters ~$18.99. Shrimp cocktail ~$12.99. Linguini with clams ~$16.99 Add lobster $7.99. Bowl of Manhattan clam chowder ~$7.99. Combo pan roast ~$21.99. Ice tea ~$3. Bottled water ~$3
This place is a real gem.  It's way out there and a small trek off the strip inside Palace Station.  Who would think there's an amazing restaurant inside there?  I'm glad my friend brought us out here to try it for late night food.  It's a really small joint...maybe 10-15 seats total.  We came at 3am on a Friday night and waited about 45 minutes to sit down, and then another hour or so for our combo pan roast.  It was delicious.  Really filling/rich though because of all the BUTTER.  We also tried the oysters which were really huge.  I want to come back and try everything else, but I fear the line now.
Everytime I go to Vegas, eating here is a must! I always get the Alaskan chowder, and even though it is $20 per bowl, it is worth every dollar! I highly recommend this place to all my friends when they go to Vegas.
So glad I got to try this place!. . Originally tried to go Saturday at 2pm...big mistake. There was a line of about 15 people, the group in front of us had 7 people in it, and after 45 minutes and no movement in the line, we gave up and went somewhere else. . . We were leaving Vegas early on Sunday, like 7:30am and decided to try again. This time there was only one couple sitting at the bar, but by 8:30am when we were done eating, the bar was almost full again! So yes, it gets busy! I would only recommend going between the hours of 4am to probably 9am on weekend if you don't want to wait lol or on a weekday in the middle of the day. There is no way of calling ahead and checking the wait time, you just have to go and check (trust me, I tried calling the hotel). . . Now for the food!. . They have something called the midnight special from i think 3am-9am where certain items and drinks are discounted so we got the 1/2 dozen oysters to start. Fresh and served with lemon, cocktail sauce and horseradish, we were totally satisfied. . . We ordered the combo pan roast and alaskan chowder. Pan roast was delicious and had plenty of crab, shrimp, and lobster! But they use a lot of cream so its really heavy, especially because we were having it for breakfast. I kind of felt sick after, like that feeling you get when you eat something delicious thats terrible for your body lol. Despite the color, it was not too tomatoey which I liked. Also, they only give you one scoop of rice, which is not nearly enough for the big bowl of pan roast you get. . . The chowder was delicious too and not as heavy as the pan roast surprisingly. It also had plenty of shrimp, crab, and lobster but dare I say it was a little bland...Maybe needed more salt. I still enjoyed it because you could really taste the seafood and it wasn't fishy. Maybe some black pepper and dipping the sourdough bread they give you in it would have done the trick. But I would still order it again. . . The presentation was awesome too, check out my pics. I would totally go back and try more items! But only during non crowded times!
**Disclaimer: I don't eat seafood so my review is based on the non-seafood items**. . Prepare to spend a good chunk of your life waiting to be seated here. I didn't mind too much as I had friends waiting in line as I played Wheel of Fortune. This place really is a "bar" so there are only about 20-25 seats, thus the wait. . . Everything is made to order right in front of you. My personal favorite is the pan roast which is tomato and cream based. You choose the level of spiciness from 1-10. They throw in habanero peppers if you order a 9 or 10. I had a taste of my friend's New England clam chowder (chowder part only) and it was pretty tasty.. . Aside from the occasional ridiculous wait time, this place is definitely worth trying at least once.
The food is outstanding but you have to wait for it. Is it worth it?. . The Oyster Bar is inside the Palace Station Casino. The bar only has 18 seats. . . We got here at 8:30 pm on a Monday thinking we could avoid the infamous wait. No such luck, eleven people ahead of us in line. The line did not move for 40 minutes. When it finally moved, it went quick. At the one hour mark, we got seated. Yay. . Well not so fast. . . After you're seated, you're given a sourdough roll and butter. Thank you, thank you thank you. We were starving and that helped a lot. A few minutes go by and they take our order. We waited so long I memorized what we wanted a half an hour ago lol. . . 40 minutes later our soup comes out. . An hour & 15 minutes from being seated we got the oysters. . At the two hour mark from being seated we got our entrees. . 3 hour 15 minutes from waiting in line to finishing our meal. . Was it worth it?. . Here's the rundown:. New England Clam Chowder - Delicious. The bowl was full of clams and the soup was just outstanding. . . Oyster (a dozen) - was so so good. Cocktail sauce, horseradish and lemon accompanied the oysters. One of the best oysters I've ever had. The chef was having problems with one of the oysters (didn't want to stay in the shell) we were playfully teasing him about it and he was such a sport about it. We all had a good laugh and he put an extra oyster in for us. A bakers dozen, all delicious. . . Plaza Pan Roast - it had shrimp, crab, chicken and andouille sausage. It's my first pan roast and it was delicious. The brandy and cream was a good combination. All the proteins were cooked perfectly. I specially liked the andouille sausage, a little hint of spiciness worked well with the broth.  I got a number 7 on the heat scale. It was not spicy for me at all. I could not finish my bowl, it was so rich and I had a lot of oysters. Lol. I will have a good lunch tomorrow for sure. . . I was also able to taste the following dishes. . Combo Pan Roast - it had shrimp, crab and lobster. My Mom's choice. Zero on the heat scale. It was as good as mine. Tasted the lobster and that was very good. Good amount of it too. Lol. . . Bouillabaisse - was so good. My brother's dish. 7 on the heat scale. It was spicy. Ouch. But it was really good. The broth was clean and very flavorful. It had shrimp, crab, lobster, mussels & clams. Great broth. I would get this next time. . . Service was excellent. The chef was friendly and entertaining. . . The wait. It didn't bother me at all. It was more entertaining than anything else. I got to talk to other people waiting in line and making fun of the situation we were in. I even got to meet a couple of local Yelpers and she told us about a Korean/Mexican fusion restaurant (Komex). The 3 hours went by really fast. . . It's an experience I won't soon forget and isn't that why we go to these places and go through all the hoops. Lol. Was it worth it?. I say Yes!!. . We had great service. We had great food. . We had great conversations. We had a memorable night. . . I'll definitely be back
4.5. . Let me start off by saying this place is LITERALLY a bar - 18 seats total, and MAYBE one more if they're feeling generous. So basically, if you're coming with a group of 5+ I'm judging you (just kidding... but seriously). . . Despite the size, wait, and being off the strip the food is AMAZING and makes up for all the little nuisances. . . We ordered the clam chowder, raw oysters, and the combo pan roast (lobster, shrimp and crab). The clam chowder was hearty and did not skimp out on the clams or potatoes at all. Raw oysters were good and definitely tasted fresh. The real winner, however, was the PAN ROAST. Sooo filling and hearty! A cup of rice is included with the pan roast but personally, I think it tastes even better with the complimentary bread they provide. It's a bit pricey and they charge you if you're sharing (unless you buy ~$18 worth of appetizers), but there were two of us and we even took it to go so I believe it's worth the price. You can also adjust the spice level (1-10) and even ask for peppers on the side.  . . Tip: It's open 24 hours and I heard the best time to go with minimal wait is around 8-9 a.m. I went around 6:30-7 p.m. and the wait was about 1.5 hours.. . If you're tired of all the buffets on the strip this is definitely a tasty alternative!
This is a bar with limited seating so the wait can be brutal.  They food is worth the wait so be patient. The clam chowder and pan roast are what I recommend.
This is my 2nd time eating here and both times the wait was very long, over an hour. The set up is 1 U-shaped bar and 1 chef with assistants next to him working the line. However, the line is that long and people still wait in it for a good reason. This hidden gem is no longer that hidden and is also open 24 hours.. They start your off with a roll and butter to hold you over after such a wait. What we usually order between my fiance and I are dozen raw oysters on half shell and a pan roast to share. The oysters are fresh but I have to admit there's tendency for a little more oyster "mud" than I typically expect, nevertheless still good. About $17 for a dozen. The pan roast tops off the meal, this is the limiting factor to the pace of this meal. There are pots that cook the pan roast orders in front of the patrons at the bar and they are cooked in order of how you were in line, so sometimes if you finally were able to sit, you may have to wait a bit longer if you didn't make it onto this current batch of pan roasts. We've tried the combo pan roast and the palace pan roast, the main difference is combo has lobster and palace has chicken and sausage. The palace is 22.99 and combo is 19.99. I personally like the palace better since it is more filling with the chicken, the crab and lobster kind of just disappear into the sauce. The menu says there is a $5 fee for sharing, but they didn't charge us even though they gave us each a bowl of rice, which is pretty cool of them (extra tip!). If you like spicy sauce with your rice, dont be scared to ask for more spice. We ordered 7 out of 10 and it was still not very spicy. Good satisfying meal! Next time I gotta try the clams on half shell.
