I've been wanting to go to this place for a while, as it seemed to get good reviews on Yelp, but the original place off of Charleston Blvd. is a little far.  When I heard one opened near the Wynn, I thought I'd check it out with the family.. . I had the adobada and carne asada tacos.  Both were good in their own respect, but I liked the adobada tacos the best.  Having gone to a few places like this around Vegas, you can definitely tell the difference with the quality of the meats and tastes of their spices.  I thought we had bought enough for the family, but it ended up everyone ate their share or was planning to eat their tacos.  So, I ended up buying some more adobada tacos, which was yuuumm yuuummm, again.. . My sister-in-law had the lengua (tongue) tacos and she thought that was really good as well.  I'll definitely come back and try this taco, but will definitely get the adobada tacos too.. . There were two drawbacks for me, which prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  First, the price is $2 per taco for most tacos.  I just feel weird paying $2 for tacos this size.  I'm used to paying 4 tacos for $5 at other places, granted the tacos are a wee-bit bigger here.  Instead of paying around $6 or so at other places, you end paying $8-10 (plus drink).  But, I guess you pay for the quality and taste here.  Initially, I thought it was because this place is on the Strip, but looking at the menu pics for the other Tacos El Gordo in Yelp, the price was the same. =(  The other issue is that they don't sell refried beans, which for some reason my 2 year old son loves and mixes it in with the tacos.  We were worried that he wouldn't eat them, as he gets picky at times, but to our surprise, he wolfed down his carne asada tacos.  This reinforces my thoughts on the taste and quality of the meats. =). . Although the price is a little more expensive per taco, it is worth it and as mentioned, I would come back to this place.  For folks visiting from out of town and staying in the Strip, the price is definitely good, compared to the cost of food at the hotels.  I would recommend others to try it.
Same great food at cheap prices, and love the new location! Line is a little more chaotic and confused because its mostly tourists not used to the procedure (separate unmarked lines for the desired meat). They don't have chicken for some reason, but I always opt for beef and pork so no matter to me. . . Big issue with seating. The restaurant is half the size of the Charleston location, so there's only a few booths inside. There's a lot of booths outside, but it was raining and windy so we had to eat standing up w our trays on the trash can. The outside booths aren't covered, and someone obviously didn't think it thru - plastic and vinyl booths sitting in 100+ degree desert sun? Nobody will be able to sit there. Looks like they just opened, but they'll have to figure out a solution pretty soon (tent like at playgrounds?).
Came back hear again.  The tortilla sizes seemed smaller or same size as other taco restaurants like these =(, however, they still piled on the meats =).  Had the lengua taco, which was ok, and the adobada tacos, which were great like last time.  Next thing to try, adobada fries...
I've been searching for a new "go-to" taco place since Los Parados on W. Sahara closed a while back.  Their al pastor was one of the best things I've had in LV and seeing the Yelp pics of Tacos El Gordo's adobada on the spit posted had me salivating in front of my laptop.  Must. Go. ASAP!. . We ordered 4 adobada, 1 carne asada and 1 beef tongue.  We really liked everything except the tongue.  Maybe it was just our mood that day?  I was freaking starving so I was ready for more.  As soon as I'm about to speak to the guy manning the adobada, he grins and asks "How many more do you want?".  I'm sure this happens every 10 minutes there.. . I got 2 more adobada along with a brain taco.  The guy automatically perked up when I ordered brain.  The person in charge of the internal organ taco dept went to work digging out some to chop up and put in a corn tortilla.  They also assumed it was my first time trying it.  They assumed right!. . It wasn't bad although I didn't love it either.  It was like a beef pate with a lobstery taste to it.  Not ready to order another the next day but we're glad we tried one.     . . I might be in the minority of reviewers eating here while sober.  I definitely see how this place would be even better when you're loaded like a freight train at 5am.  Certainly look forward to when I am here in that condition.
Firstof all...this is what a taco is supposed to be like! LOVE tj style tacos! It was so yummy! However, since I grew up in San Diego, I do feel that the Tacos El Gordo in Diego is better, but for out of California?! This place is pretty spot on, satisfied my need for tacos.... . Spend your money here...it will taste better then some buffets (ahem Planet Hollywoods suck). . My fave is the Carne asada and the hubbys was the pork.
I love meat on a stick!  The adobada tacos are so juicy and delicious.  Odd selection of sodas - they have fountain horchata and whips along with the normal Coke products.
Read so much reviews of this joint that i recommended it to a couple of my friends and received great feedback from them, and i was determined to try it out.  I'm a fan of King Tacos in LA, a 24hr taco joint with great lengua among other stuff, and had not found a comparison in Vegas.. . So i dropped by there last week and ordered a lengua, carne asada and of course the adobada tacos, chasing them all with an iced horchata.  Mucho delicioso is all i would say! Very entertaining as well to watch the guy carve up the adobada and dressing it up so colorful with pineapple, salsa and this creamy green sauce.  Do ask for the grilled jalapenos and green onions to bombify the tasty tacos! . . I have yet to try the very sinful looking carne asada fries, but since fries is my lil addiction i'll just bring a unsuspecting friend next time and get help trying the tasty treat.. . I'm definitely a fan and will bring my friends there to cure their late night alcohol induced cravings~
Taco-flavored kisses for Tacos El Gordo!. . Despite the number of time I've been to Vegas, I wouldn't consider myself a "Vegas person." I dunno, everything on the strip seems to run together after a while, and you can't really tell the difference between this place and that. Enter Tacos El Gordo! You have to walk a bit away from the action to get to it - just north of the Wynn and Encore, Tacos El Gordo is located in a weird little strip mall next to a souvenir shop. They have seating indoor and out.. . When I walked in, I was faced with a food station directly in front of me and a cashier to my right, horchata/bang/soda machine on the left. I was totally confused as to where to order and how to pay. It must have showed on my face because one of the guys behind the counter where the cooks were smiled and called to me. He took my order, barked it at the cooks and told me to wait there, then pay when I got my food. I was totally surprised at how cheerful all the employees where. Great customer service is definitely not something I seek out when I'm eating at hole in the walls, but every employee greeted me with a smile and was happy to serve me. When the cook handed over my food, he asked to make sure the order was right, gave me a big smile and told me to enjoy. I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.. . I had the carne asada fries, an asada taco, chicken quesadilla, and an a pork taco (I was sharing with a friend OKAY?). Everything was perfectly delicious. The carne asada fries were huge, enough to feed 2 to 3, possibly 4 people. The tacos come overflowing with meat, and the horchatas and bang juices are refillable. Woohoo! I felt like I struck gold with this place. And our whole bill was only $20. I think it wasthe least amount of money I had spent on a meal that satisfying in Vegas. If you're looking for some good, cheap Mexican food on the strip, drive or walk a little further, Tacos El Gordo is worth it.
youre in vegas, youre all party'ed out, and now you need to stuff some food down your gullet.  some real food.  not the foo foo over priced hotel cafe grub that everyone too drunk to venture decides to go to after a night of clubbing.. . as long as youve got a DD, cab, or can walk to this place, youre solid.  tacos taste pretty damn authentic and to the adventurous foodies bold enough to consume the awful parts, they have it here too.. . good spot, not too far from the strip, decent food.  the spot may be a little suspect late at night, with all the characters out and about on the streets, but i have no problem with it
We ate the lingua, tripas, carne asada, adobada, and chorizo tacos.  All were delicious, but the Lingua was my favorite.  Prices are very reasonable, and service is quick.  Also doesn't hurt that the place is super clean.  I will return!
I stopped here with two people on my way out of town. Cheap tacos and horchata - any decent combo of these two automatically starts at three stars for me. In this case, the extra star is for its location. The adobada tacos were pretty awesome. I thought they'd be a little more tender, but the sauce was fantastic and there was a perfect amount of spice. The carne asada tacos were good too, but the adobada were better in my opinion.  And unlimited horchata refills for a little over $1.50? Yes please! I was really looking forward to the grilled green onions, but they looked and tasted more like they were steamed. I know they were grilled though, since I saw them sitting in a pile on the grill. It was just overcrowded so most of the onions didn't get much contact with the grill. I like when they have a little bit of char on them. Overall, it was a great stop right on The Strip.
The spicy pork taco was the BOMB DIGGITY YO for real!! The Carne Asada is also yummy, one of the better ones we have had.  We were pretty lost on the line/ordering process, and might have cut a few people shuffling around to get our tacos, but they churn them out so fast, no one got too screwed over by our newbee butts.  The grilled peppers are great along side the tacos.  My only complaint is that the guy doing the pork tacos didn't help explain where we needed to order the rest, so we kept asking for our carne asada from him... basically he helped us look even more silly :)
Im an originary of TJ and I must say...Vegas is the shiz nit, however, havin' a lil' piece of TJ made it a tad bit better this last time around.... . Tacos El Gordo has been in Vegas for roughly half a year now.  I dont know how they hadn't thought about settleling in Vegas before, given such a large Mexican population, but I'm glad they did now.. . I was thrilled to have some good old fashion Tijuana street tacos after a long nite of drinking and dancing :D  However, the carne asada fries took me by surprise and made my night even better than it had originally been.. . I definately plan on coming back to this establishment when I come back to visit.
Good tacos here, I had the steak tacos with everything on them. It came out to about $2 a taco, but they are more authentic tasting then alot of shops out there. They are also opened 24 hours a day on the strip by the Wynn
I am a fan! This place delivers on pretty much everything they promise. The people are friendly, the food is delicious and they are open late! The spicy pork is my favorite! They would be getting 5 stars from me but there are times my order is wrong. I go out of my way to repeat my order a few times to ensure accuracy..
Really good tacos on the strip rignt next to Encore Resort.. $ 2.00 Tacos. excellent asada and spicy tacos and tripe is fried. really good tripe if you never had one.. 3 different lines that you order first then pay at the cashier.. line for asada ( make sure you ask for grilled chili and onions). line for pork and last line for tripe or stomach.. very friendly staff. only wish is they could be more generous on guacamole.
Initially this place was recommended to me by my cab driver, he said it was the best Mexican food he has ever had. I wasn't looking for anything too crazy just something fill my appetite . I had no crazy expectations for a Mexican restaurant on the strip. i was made a fan after my first bite. this humble little place packed a flavorful punch! the portions were big enough to share and the price was very reasonable. they even had their own hot sauce which i added to everything. all in all great food and friendly service.. . I recommend: Asada fries & a Sope!
Cheap. Delicious. Tacos. Need I say more? Yes? Ok....you need to get the carne asada first. A delicious marinated steak taco covered with guacamole, salsa, and onions for 2 bucks filled with all the yummy grilled flavor you want from a steak. Or get the lingua taco. The most tender meat you'll get in a taco form. Don't tell your friends what it is (beef tongue) and they won't know the difference! Or get the tripe taco. They must char the meat before they put it on the tortilla because the tender meat had crispy bits of yummy on it. That's my favorite part. I got those three tacos and a water for less than 9 bucks...a huge deal considering I'm eating on the strip!
Great food great service needs more of a selection I think but overall if your in Vegas defiantly try it
Very good carne asada and soft flavorful tortilla.  The green salsa was mild, but good. Al pastor tacos were great. The fries and free refills were nice.  Parking was easy right on the strip.
This taco spot is legit especially in the heart of Las Vegas.  I can't believe I never seen this place, maybe because I'm always stuck at Palazzo gambling.  I do recommend there Spicy pork tacos.  They even have hardcore security guards on busy days to keep the business running.  They were nice though.  There are separate lines for what type of meat you want.  And I know the Spicy pork line is always the longest.  Tacos are 2 bucks and carne asada fries are 10 bucks.  I had 4 tacos and I was satisfied.
Grat tacos nice enviroment, lots of people come here right after spending lots of money at high end night clubs such as XS
Man if you like tacos or Mexican food you should definetly hit this place up!!! The meat is super tender and well seasoned and the prices are very affordable, great for people on a budget in Vegas. The service was good and fast, there was a bit of a line when we showed up but they served us fairly quickly! The overall quality of the food was excellent! Only thing we didn't like was the fact that they charge the same for a flour mula as they do a corn mula ( the corn one is twice as small) and the lay out of the restaurant. Other than that it was awesome!!!
Expect a long wait, especially during peak hours (.. in Vegas, I'm not sure what times that would be but we were in it).. . The flavors were unique, the staff were authentic, and the juices were amazing.. The carne asada fries, or any fries, were gigantic and they do not skimp out on any ingredients.  The tacos, while definitely tasty, are small.  My brother, who doesn't eat too much, ordered 4 and even then I question his satiety.. . They hand make the corn tortillas in frontof you, carve the meat from huge skewers for each taco, and you can customize it however you like.  They offer unique ingredients like shoulder and others.  A side dish of grilled peppers and onions are provided for every order as well.  I only wish they offered salsas because I absolutely love salsas.. . Definitely an excellent stop for a Vegas trip, especially if you're tired of buffets and McDonald's.  The quality for the price is unbeatable.
Go here. Seriously.. . As soon as I arrived in Vegas, I yelped "tacos", just because I always look for good taquerias, everywhere I go. Tacos El Gordo popped up, and it definitely delivered on its online promise.. . I tried a few types of tacos, but the best were the tacos adobado. This is marinated spicy pork on a spit, shaved directly onto your fresh tortilla. They're not tacos al pastor -- the pineapple on top of the spit doesn't seem to get onto any of the tacos -- but are very, very tasty.. . I was disappointed by the carne asada tacos, and wouldn't waste my time with them again. This place also offers an awesome selection of nasty bits: tripe, stomach, intestine, brain, cheek. They're not great for you, but they taste good. When you order, you can get roasted peppers and onions for free, too.. . The only downside is that the tacos are relatively expensive for their size. They're authentic taqueria tacos, but seemed a bit steep at $2 each. For the Las Vegas strip, though, it seemed like an incredible steal.. . Whether you're just visiting or live nearby, Tacos El Gordo is worth a visit.
I love the food here, I was in town for new years and ate here on 3 separate occasions. I'm a fan of the original one in Tijuana so I was thrilled to see that Vegas had one also, and they did not disappoint the food was exactly as I remembered it. I gave them four stars only because of the extensive wait times which may have been because of the holiday but that clearly didn't stop me from going back multiple times over 3 days.
Awesome! Delicious, cheap, easy food when you're having a late night on The Strip.
If Taco Bell or Acapulco is your idea of authentic Mexican food, than this place is not for you. However, if you have actually eaten off the numerous and delicious carts that line the cities of Baja, then this is your place. Enjoy!
If you are craving for good taco truck quality taco? This is a place to go. It's open 24hour, normally crowded, parking convenient, and condiments are always available. Absolutely must-try taco place on las Vegas blvd!
As usual, I'm a fan of Tacos El Gordo.  This location is a bit smaller than the Charleston location.  Also, the parking is kind of a pain and in a shady shopping center complex.  Even so, it's a great spot for Mexican food and they're open late.. . There's two lines to order, one for asada and one for the other meats, like adobada.  Make sure you get in the right line.  If you're unsure, ask the cashier to the right upon entry.  . . Don't forget to ask for the grilled green onions (cebollitas) and yellow peppers (chile gueritos) with your tacos to have an authentic Tijuana experience.
I would take this place over any other Mexican place on the strip (we had a gross experience at El Segundo 2 days prior). Really great tacos, service, and price to match. Love the spicy pork taco. We eat a lot of great Mexican Food in Atlanta and I would definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas.
Delicious tacos, especially the tacos de adobada.  Just as good, if not maybe better, than the Chula Vista location.  Be prepared to wait in line with some fellow hungover Vegas party people who had just enough energy to make the short trek away from the main part of the strip.
Why come here? Because they spit roast and carve their pork tacos to order. . strolled thru lunchtime last saturday and the line was going out the front door, so many ppl gotta make sure your standing in the right line, I came here for the Adobada (pork) and luckily I stood in the right line, the middle, the left is for Carne Asada and the far right is for everything else, Brains, Guts, and Quesadillas etc..... . ordered 3 of the pork tacos at $2 a piece, everything includes cilantro, onions, and two house made sauces, hot sauce and crema, extra fixings you gotta hit the side bar yourself if you want radish and any other sauces. . the tacos were all the hype, freshly grilled, crusted edges, juices running into the tortilla which by the way were heated simultaneously under the spit and picked up when your order is carved, to top it off, you get a slice of the that pineapple roasting on the top of mt. meat, all good, btw if you want roasted onions and peppers I think you gotta ask for it. . inside/outside seating, open 10am to 5am daily, parking is hit or miss (on the strip), park in the lot around the corner. . a must try if your into cheap eats, especially in Vegas
Excellent stuff. I like the lengua best followed by spicy pork then the carne asada. But they were all great. Their aqua fresca was not very good though, too watery, and dispensed through a soda machine instead of the traditional big glass jar.  Probably best as a late night eat but we ate it for a late breakfast and it hit the spot! The grilled green onions were a real treat.
Pretty delicious.... carne asada quesadillas... yum! One of those local spots not frequented by tourist... but delicious... a 3 am snack
Very authentic tasting tacos and quesadillas. You know the food is good when 95% of the people dinning in a Mexican restaurant are Mexican! We just got to Vegas and it was Cinco de Mayo and there was no better place to start off the festivities than an authentic Mexican restaurant.. . I had the carne asada tacos, DELICIOUS!! The staff was great and really friendly and the restaurant had a really cool atmosphere and prices are very reasonable.. Will definitely stop by next time I'm in Vegas.
Absolutely killer flavors. Very impressed with this place. The taco selection is magnificent and the prices are affordable, and it's open late! If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.. The only reason I'm giving Tacos El Gordo four stars is because the line system can get pretty messy. It's not a big deal, just ask a worker or someone around you if you're confused about which line to wait in. All I'm saying is that a couple small signs above the ordering counters would make the line setup a whole lot better, and would earn this place a solid five stars.
Wait... Whaaat? Cheap late night eats on the strip!!. . Each delicious taco is $2.00 which is kinda expensive for your typical street taco but considering that it is Vegas, these prices are cheap and well worth it! The abobado (spicy pork) and carne asada tacos are so flavorful and tender.  And I especially love that the carne asada tacos come with guacamole!. . ********WARNING********. . The roasted jalapeno peppers are SPICYYYY!  Just sample it first or the tears will come!
good, quick, & easy place to stop if you've in/out privileges for a club. esp if you need more food to keep you awake/allow you to drink more. . got 3 x carne asada and 3 x adobaba tacos. hecka good!! felt like i was in sf or san jose. i think the alibabas were better than the carne asadas. . a plus: didn't feel any gassiness or stomach upset-ness later at the club like i sometimes do from taquerias, phew. . free chips & salsa would be cool, but i guess i don't really need the extra cals anyway. . I'LL COME AGAIN
If you are looking for authentic Mexican food you have come to the right place!  This establishment is straight from Mexico and you can taste it in the food, deeeelicious!  This place isn't really too vegetarian friendly, but they are willing to serve up a plate of cactus or make mini-quesadillas if you ask.  We went with family and they ordered all sorts of tacos and loved every single item hey got!  If you go in a group have someone scout out a table while others wait in line, oh and expect to wait.  With food this good, this cheap, on the strip you should really expect it and be prepared ;)
great spot for tacos. gets very crowded. its hot as hell inside. tacos are ok. not true tasting like the tacos from TJ but the average person will love them. mulas are awesome (sincronisadas, quesadillas with your choice of meat). my fav taco joint in vegas so far!
Tried asada and suadero tacos.  Asada is an easy pass next time..but oh, the suadero is sooooo good.  This is my first time indulging in authentic tacos, and being Filipina and not knowing a word of Spanish, I have to admit, I was a little intimidated placing my order.  But watching them warm the tortillas and cut the meat was so interesting and the guy next to me helped me out a bit when he realized that I didn't speak a lick of Spanish.  . I forgot to order Adobada, so that'll have to be on my next must try list along with their fries and maybe quesadilla.. Me Likes!
Located in a strip mall next to the Encore, there is limited parking, but most people walk to this location.  It's very busy and you need to be experienced to get what you want. It's like the Seinfeld Soup Nazi.  You have to know what line to get into for which type of food.  One line for asada, one for spicy pork and a line for the rest.  So, if you want one of each, you need to get into three lines. . . I had 4 spicy pork tacos. The meat is on the spindle like gyro meat.  It's got good flavor and they give you a lot of meat on two small street taco tortillas. They also have some homemade sauces and garnishes that make them really good.  I think they make the tortillas on the premise because I see them making them, but I can't be sure the ones I ate were from that same process.  I can't see them making every tortilla because they sell a bunch.  There is some seating indoors and a lot of table outdoors under a canopy.  I don't think I would make a special trip to eat these. I would wait in line if I happened to be the area.
Came here after lounging at Tao beach all day. Between my sister and I, we ordered:. . 3 lengua tacos. 3 spicy pork tacos. 1 campachana fries. 2 coke zeros--you know, cuz we're trying to watch our figures.. . I loves me some pork so of course I ordered the adobado (sp) tacos for myself. I thought they were really good, however I don't think they are as good as the al pastor from Tacos Mexico. The ones there come very greasy and seemed to be slow cooked amongst ingredients such as onions that you can clearly see on the taco (aside from the toppings). I love the greasy, juiciness of that type of marinated pork. It seems I've only been able to find them at Tacos Mexico.. . Anyhow, my sister and I swapped a taco and that lengua taco on MY lengua blew my mind! So tender and juicy! I already thought I discovered the best lengua tacos in town (Super B Burrito) over by Eastern and St Rose so I didn't have high expectations. God, I love it when I'm proven wrong in that sense.. . The campachana fries were delish with half of it topped with carne asada and the other with the spicy pork. All in all, great food especially after sitting under the sun getting drunk. The restaurant was very clean, as well as the bathroom. I can't wait for my next excuse to be on the strip so we can stop by again.
I go to Vegas a several times a year and this is one stop that I ALWAYS make. . Its just past Encore and in the middle of a little strip mall. Nevertheless a jewel . . My favorite is the Quesadilla con Chorizo, i usually get two of those and sometimes if Im really hungry Adobado taco or Carnitas taco. . . The kitchen is so clean!!! Not that I thought it wouldn't be however for as busy as it always is and the number of orders that they crank out it is impressively clean. . . I am looking forward to the new expansion, so I don't have to stand in line as long. . . Not that I mind waiting, its worth it.
Best place to go after going out clubbing....cheap good taco's!
It's pretty much a given that the food here is amazing. The line is almost always out the door. My favorites are the lengua and pork shoulder. The only real problem I have with it is their line system; they have three lines, for different types of meat. SOMETIMES you are able to request that they get you meat from the other 2 stations when you get to the front of your line, but if you're looking to get tacos de cabeza, lengua and asada all together you may have problems.. . Other than that, there is no reason NOT to go here if you have a car or are staying at Wynn/Encore adjacent. Cheap meal with more satisfaction than most of the Vegas hotel spots.
Every taco is great, but the best is the adobada. It is incredibly good-would eat it every day if I could. The lack of chicken tacos and rice and bean sides keeps it at 4 stars for me.
Food 5 stars. Service fast food style. Atmosphere 3 stars. . If you can handle the riff raff of the Vegas strip it's worth a visit. The Taco selection is pretty basic and authentic so if your a Traditional Taco Stand fan make sure you swing by for a quick drunk dinner. The flavor is amazing so I would recommend trying every taco if you have the stomach and you like trying interesting things. . . I think Andrew Zimmerman and Anthony Bourdain would both have something good to say about this place. . . Good late night grub at a low price.
Great tacos for cheap !!
Went by here twice.  Both times I tried the steak and pork tacos.  These were very fresh, and tasted pretty good.  For $2 a piece, it's hard to go wrong with these.  Definitely worth a try.  There's always a line.
The best tacos in Las Vegas hands down.. . There was two of us, we ordered 3 asada and spicy pork taco. It was so good, we ordered 3 more each again right away. When I was ordering the second round, I realized the corn tortilla was fresh made right there. That's why the taco was so good.. . Anybody appreciates authentic Mexican food, you have to go there and give it a try.. . I gave 4 stars for the high price and not so good service(bad attitudes). The taco is quite small for $2 each, I had to eat 7 to get full.
Due to my other half's hatred towards Mexican food, I very rarely get to indulge in it's deliciousness. However, one night I paid a visit to Tacos El Gordo after my girlfriend's soccer game. I didn't know what to expect, but had heard rave reviews about the place from everyone and was terribly excited to finally try it for myself. The wait wasn't as bad as I had thought it'd be. My friend had ordered me two tacos--one carne asada and one al pastor. I'm the type of person who has the save the best for last, this also applies to the way I eat my food. I took one bite of the al pastor taco and it was delicious. I took one bite of the carne asada and it was even more delicious. Needless to say, I finished off with the carne asada, but gobbled both up quicker than you can take a breath. . . Based on my first visit alone, Tacos El Gordo trumps Roberto's and is my new favorite taco spot in Vegas!
First visit back on May 10, 2012.. . Food looks promising when there's a huge slab of pork rotating on a vertical spit, with a pineapple above it (to tenderize the meat).  It's almost as beautiful as one of the girls working the pole down at Sapphire, but I digress.. . $2 a taco made me grimace a little, but a smile broke out after I devoured that spicy pork, with its creamy sauce... what was it, pineapple based?  Idk, but I'm coming back.. . The guy working the spit was surprisingly welcoming, and patiently answered my noob questions ("what's the vampiro?" "the 'vam-pee-roh,'" he corrected) despite the line forming behind me.  The lady working the register, unfortunately, seemed annoyed at my very presence.  I suspect the guy gets paid more, and is happy the business seems to be flourishing.. . There's a/c inside, so you can escape the Vegas heat.  But if you enjoy the desert climate, then you can also sit on the covered patio.. . The asada tacos were pretty good too; the chorizo decent.  Nothing beat the flavor of that spicy pork, so I don't bother wasting precious stomach space with less than the best at that location.  Give this place a shot if you're staying on the strip, it's on the right hand side as you drive down Las Vegas Blvd, right around the time you hit Circus Circus.  Tip: learn the side streets (i.e. Paradise Rd), and avoid the terrible traffic.
Walked across the street from the Wynn and felt like we hit the jackpot with tasty breakfast burritos that didn't break the bank. Their coffee was surprisingly tasty too.
The line set-up is a bit confusing but the food was delicious! They handled the busy lunch crowd with ease.
On my virgin trip to the City of Sin I only wasted away for 24 hours,  but two of my three life saving meals were at "The Gordo".  Discovered with the aid of Yelp,  I arrived for meal #1 around midnight after an evening of hotel pregaming before beginning my walk down the strip. Not having eaten since the Grand Canyon 12 hours ago, my dire need of sustinence was cloaked until arriving by the alcohol previously ingested.  As soon as I read the menu, my jaw dropped in wonder how such a popular spot could crank out the oddities offered.  Well, when in vegas.... . There was no written indication as to which lines were for each cut (pork, beef, or specialty cuts), so I stood in line for abodaba for 10 minutes before speaking with a rep.  *Left is beef, middle is pork, and right is specialty cuts.* When relocated to the correct line, the chef would reach under a steaming towel to select and cut each cut of meat made to order.  This line isn't the fastest, but totally worth it.  Out of the corner of my eye there was an older woman hand packing corn tortillas out of fresh corn meal.  Talk about made to order.. . The first night I got the cabeza, sesos, and beef shoulder.  I'm not gonna pretend to be qualified to judge these cuts, but I found the cabeza to be flavorful with a very soft texture, and the sesos were creamier than I have had in the past.  The beef shoulder alone merited my return the next night!  All of these tacos on corn tortillas were served with light lettuce, onion, and salsa verde relishes.  This surprise of an experience lured us back for a quick dinner the next evening when I chowed on more shoulder, abodaba, and tripe.  . . For being on the strip, this place is a hidden gem.  Good, cheap food on the strip is hard to come by, and authentic $2 tacos are tough to beat anywere.  The lack of English can be disguising and my gf and I were the only gringos in there (other than the officers on a meal break - they know where to eat and that's always a good sign).  Spanish as a second language paid off in Vegas!
When you're drunk off your ass from XS nightclub at Encore and the line for taxis is like a mile long, you want to walk over a block here to Tacos El Gordo. Big restaurants with plenty of seating and $2 tacos! Yup, not ALL food joints in Vegas will burn a hole in your wallet. . . My foodie friend took me here after XS last weekend along with a group of my girlfriends. He took good care of us and ordered here about 20 Taco De Adobada. It was delicious! And I was sober by then so I can vouch it's also good without the intoxication. :) It had a green sauce and plenty of meat. Worth every $2 my friend paid.  You really just have to come here and try it out. Though there were a lot of club goers at the time we went, the line moved ridiculously fast because service was quick. We sat outside in the patio. Tables inside are along the walls of the restaurant. . . The only thing is, don't expect to get a taxi from here. It's impossible!
I found this place thanks to yelp...and it was amazing! The staff are friendly, enthusiastic, and work very fast. The portions are perfect and the prices are great. I had the carne asada fries, with chorizo on corn taco. DELICIOUS. I will be back. . There a many interesting characters coming into this place at night. Including myself :p
In town, read the reviews and decided to try it out for an early lunch before heading out for a long shopping day.  . . We ordered the adobada tacos and the adobada fries . Tacos are $2...and they are very good. Fries are $10 large/ $5 small (get the small enough for two people). The menu reads spicy pork but it's not spicy  . . This place is a great find!  If you visit Vegas, this is a must! We will definitely come back and eat here.
Best place to go to in Vegas for tacos! Especially when you're hungry after a night out clubbing/drinking. it's on the strip and located right next to Encore, so if the taxi line is super long, I suggest you try some Taco El Gordo! The tacos are cheap $2! It might take awhile for the food to come out since everyone goes there late after a night out clubbing, but it's worth the wait.
Pros:. 1) Carne Asada Fries are SOOO good. 2) Great location right outside of XS/Surrender (night club). 3) Open 24 hours. . Cons:. 1) Pricey. 2) Small portions
$2 tacos and open for your late night munchies. I got the spicy pork- best tacos I've had. The carne asada fries had a burnt taste from the meat...wasn't too big of a fan of the fries.
The tacos de carne asada were very good. The quesadilla was made with a hard shell tortilla on top... Different, not bad but different. The ordering system's a bit on the confusing side so don't hesitate to ask for help.. . Definitely recommended if you're craving Mexican tacos.
Great tacos I had the spicy pork with pineapples went very well together. Prices are amazing for taste and flavor
This place gets four stars from me because it was literally steps from the hotel we stayed in, and they opened late for the late night drunks. . . I am a very conventional American Mexican food consumer.... give me tacos, enchiladas, burritos, even a suiza and I'm happy. I do not venture into the exotic and wild Mexican dishes of tongue, head, brain... ahem... sounds kinky but I digress.. . I stayed safe and tried the steak taco, and it was tasty. I would have tried chicken, but to my dismay, el pollo did not appear on the menu.. . It's a good, clean, typical fast food spot if you're looking for Mexican food. Especially if you're drunk and need a place which opens late to absorb some of the alcohol you've consumed.
Whoa!  I can't believe it took me so long to finally discover this gem.  I never thought anything on the strip could be authentic.  But this place really takes you back to Tijuana.  The al pastor they call spicy pork.  Make sure you ask the server for a slice of the pina.  That's my fav taco by far.  I'm still undecided if I want to try the cow brain taco next time.
The Good: Best Taco's I ever had, but I did come here really hungry after clubbing on a Saturday night.  It's really good though and I live in Los Angeles. I didn't really know what I was ordering (Tacos Carne Asada) Doesn't matter... what ever you get,  you'll love it .. . The Bad: I'm Filipino so  didn't mind the ambiance or the scene there that night. But, if your not a minority ...you might feel out of place, but that's really up to you.
This place has some bomb ass fries and tacos.. . I decided to try this place because I was craving for some late night tacos in LV so I decided to travel down the strip to find some.  . . The tacos here are on the pricier side ($2.00) but they are GOOD!  But, the carne fries or adobado fries here are A STEAL! I got the half for $5 and it was huge!!!!! Totally worth the money!!!. . If you want some bomb tacos in LV definitely venture out and try tacos el gordo! I must say it's just as good as the tacos over here in Socal!!
This place is amazing! I love the tacos. I had the spice pork taco and the steak taco. The pork taco is to die for. I will be back again
I have yet to see a taco joint where they serve excellent tacos AND fries. Here, you are delighted to tacos of all kinds of meat from asada to lengua. So you won't be limited to only one particular kind of meat.. . The tacos are seriously STUFFED with meat, onions, cilantro, and sometimes mild sauce or guacamole depending on what kind of taco you order. Just a tip for preferential purposes, you can even order corn tortillas which are somewhat bigger than the standard size tacos. Remember, you have to ask for all the sauces when you pay for your food.. . On the other hand, they serve fries! Be mightily warned that the full size rack of fries is HUGE. So unless you have a somewhat normal appetite and stomach, feel free to order the full size, otherwise, I highly recommend the half rack so you can get some tacos. They have carne asada fries, but my favorite is the campechana fries. The campechana fries consist of asada and adobada(similar/identical to pastor). And included is your standard set of sour cream, onion, cilantros, guacamole, and etc. . . This is conveniently located northbound on Las Vegas Blvd ahead of Wynn/ Encore. Which makes it the perfect place to fulfill your drunchies after a night at Surrender or XS. . . So many good things to say about Tacos El Gordo but why the one subtracted star? Prices. Coming from LA, I don't think I ever paid $2 tacos. But unfortunately, I have no other choice but to pay the full admission for a single taco in order to fulfill my meticulous craving for Mexican food.
I finally made it to Tacos El Gordo after hearing rave reviews about it for ages. The place was pretty empty, but service was fast and efficient. I ordered one adobada taco and one carne asada taco to go. They were pretty small and they packaged them on tiny paper plates and wrapped them in foil. Not the best form of packaging I've ever seen and definitely not cost efficient for them, but I assume most people eat them there.. . Everyone always raves about how cheap this place is, and it is for the most part, but for the price I felt they skimped a bit on the meat and filling. They were definitely tasty and I really enjoyed the flavor of the adobada. Nicely balanced heat and sweetness. The carne asada was good too, albeit a little on the dry side. The condiments definitely enhanced the flavor of these for me. . . I'm a big fan of the adobado and I'll definitely be back again to pick these babies up next time.
Three star tacos, extra star for authenticity and prices.. . The adobada was great. Flavor, texture, whole package. Not exactly spicy, but I liked this one.. . The brain was tasty, but not on the same level.  Can't be 100% sure that I'm just not that big a fan of brain, but I do like some head cheese on a banh mi.... . I thought the corn tortillas were a bit soggy, but the whole experience was good. A bit overrated on Yelp, but a solid taco bar.. . Next time I'm going 3 adobadas for $6.
It was nice to get real tacos. . . There is not alot of variety; but what they do they do in bulk. . . I ordered the tacos de nopales, tacos de suadero, y tacos de tripa. They included a generous helping of cebollitas on the side. . . I will say that, due to the heavy traffic, the tacos are a little greasier than I would generally prefer . Everything was fresh; and well prepared. . . I was suprised that, even though they were on the strip, they charged regular taqueria prices.
Ordered the lengua, asada and suadero tacos. I think I ordered more than that but I couldn't really tell after the huge mess I made eating my tacos at a rapid pace. . . I was really unsatisfied by the food I was eating at the hotels and on the Strip and this place is just down the street from where I was staying.  . . I've been to the Tacos El Gordo in SD and wanted to see what the LV branch tasted like. . . I came at around 11am in the morning and there was no line and ample indoor seating. Ordered my tacos and bit into the asada taco to find cold meat. I was really surprised. I know that the meat is cooked in a batch and used to make tacos and then another batch is cooked, but still - no reheating the asada on the grill? To top that off, the meat was a little tough so I was a bit displeased. . . The savior of the bunch was the lengua tacos. I could just gobble down lengua tacos all day because the meat is so soft and juicy. Juice literally sputters out at every bite!  I immediately regret getting the asada taco. . . Ordering is fast and efficient when there isn't a line. This establishment is spotlessly clean (well at least it was in the morning). Stainless steel tables and walls - and even the bathroom was spotless. Whaaaaaat. . . So even if my asada was cold, I was a happy camper. Later on while driving home I could still smell the tacos on my fingers and my mouth would water. A sign of REAL food. . . Skip the over-priced Strip and come here!
I guess it is the best taco shop on the Strip. . Brain and Tripa is so yum! As always.
a whole in the wall where the area around it is kind of shaddy but the food was WAY batter then i thought!!!!
First if you're looking for a place that speaks English or has great service, keep walking. . . The menu is on a board and there are two cooking stations. You order your food then pay at the cashier. It's not the most organized place, but if you expected that then you were dreaming.. . I'd say the tacos are the best deal at $2 because the are basic street tacos with onions, cilantro, salsa and guacamole. The quesadilla and vampiro were small and double the price. The carne asada fries were huge, tasty, but the fries were a little cold and after a while everything tasted the same.. . I can see why it's busy. The tacos are tasty. I only tried carne asada since that's what everyone on Yelp raved about.
This seems to be a very popular and busy taco place and for good reason as they're pretty darn good.  Their tortillas might be home made and the meat and fixings they use are very tasty to.  I think it's hard to stand out when you make tacos but they do a fairly well job and I can see myself coming back for more.  I'd suggest you try to get inside seating during the winter time to avoid your tacos getting cold as it happened to me.  Although that may be easier said then done as this place seems to be busy most of the time at least.
Figured there was something to this place because it was packed every time we drove by. Great location just off the strip and the food was yummy! Forget about getting good or fast service (ordering food was ALL over the place...very disorganized) That being said we had tacos on freshly made corn tortillas and I felt I was south of the border! delicious guacamole and salsas were the finishing touch. A great stop when your craving authentic soft tacos!
Excellent tacos. Quite a chaotic scene, but worth the wait. Would be nice if they had rice, beans and chips.
Real deal!!!! This is the real deal serving tacos so authentic I had to check my GPS to confirm that I hadn't walked through a worm hole in Vegas and come out the other side in Tijuana...TJ, baby! If you want real deal tacos, you must go to Tacos El Gordo!!!
$2 meaty-tacos?! What's not to like? They have a bunch of different types of meat, I just stuck to the carne asada and spicy pork tacos. The carne asada was just ok but the spicy pork tacos were amazing. Make sure you get a slice of pineapple on top! The only weird thing about this place is that they didn't serve chicken.
Their Carne Asada is the bomb! Love coming to this place, espcially late night. Very affortable compared to other prices on the strip. The only downside is the space because of it being too popular. Coming here any time after midnight should not be a problem but if not you might have to eat in the car!
Been here numerous times when I'm at Vegas and by far is a hidden gem.  The quality of the food is just so yummy in my tummy.  There's no actual lines but everyone seems to follow the imaginary line which is great.  When I go; I always order Taco's (carne asada)  and definitely the price and the food is great.  The place is always clean.  I'll definitely be making my way back here every time we visit Las Vegas and recommend friends to go as well.
Good tacos open late
The BEST $2 Carne Asada taco in Vegas!!! Also had the Carne Asada tostada - very authentic with guacamole, grilled green onions, radish, and lime garnish...... REALLY TASTY! Don't expect rice, beans (they don't sell any!) and other extras - they have lingua, al pastor or pork (the wife liked that).  Green and red salsa - the green was surprisingly spicy - I really liked it. The staff was helpful and kept bringing us extra tortillas, napkins, and salsa. The service was 5 stars and we left a monster tip!!! Easily exceeded my expectations after reading about 5 reviews - it IS THE REAL DEAL!!! Walkable from The Riviera and better than anything in their food court!
Didn't know they had a Tacos El Gordo in Vegas!!!. . Being the ONLY one on the strip, this place is chaotic after a night of clubbing. Bigger than the locations in San Diego, but essentially the same menu. I always get the adobada tacos so I stuck with that, but the line is pretty ridiculous. The only thing that keeps this from a 5 star review was that the meat was a little dry compared to what I'm used to in SD. Other than that, bombdotcom!
Food was great, we ordered Carne Asada tacos and fries. Cooks have a great personality and make the environment fun. The reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the lack of customer service by the cleaning lady. We decided to eat outside and before we even took our first bit she came in front of our table and start sweeping. Who likes this being done when you're eating?! After I polity asked her to please do it after we finish eating because we do not want dust on our food, she states this is her job and will continue to sweep. I couldn't believe this. Some people have no consideration for customers. Ugh!!!
Why oh why did i wait so long?! Listen, this place is a hell of a value. Even at $2 a pop, ordering 5 tacos and adding the free grilled green onions and jalapenos will only run you $10. Plenty of food for me!. . The al pastor was delicious. The servers were nice. The service itself was attentive. The only knock on this place was the carne asada tacos. Mine were a bit grissly and fatty. . . I'll give it 4 stars, as I'll be back pretty soon, but I wouldn't give it 5 based on the carne asada...
Carne asada tacos pretty good... Carne asada fries the best!!!!!!!
These are the best, freshest tacos I have had in Las Vegas. It is ALWAYS packed in here and the food is ALWAYS good. . . I HIGHLY recommend:. 1. Carne Asada quesadilla - PACKED with steak on a soft thick tortilla with lots cheese, pico and guacamole.. . 2. Buche tacos - pork stomach that has been simmered for HOURS until tender and highly seasoned. . . 3. Spicy pork taco - cut right off the spit fresh for you.They also add grilled pineapple at your request. Excellent. . 4. Tongue taco - seasoned and tender. . . I personally think these are BETTER than most of the tacos I had in Tijuana. But the sign here says they are from Tijuana so I must have missed them. Hard to remember anything in Tijuana actually. I could have ate here and just forgot from all the tequila I drank while I was there. Who knows?!. . This place is open TWENTY FOUR HOURS!!!
I was misinformed about where this place was located and ended up walking 20 min more than I thought I would have to. However, the walk was worth it and I was quite pleased with the tacos here! . . I am always in the mood for some tacos and Tacos El Gordo has a good amount of options, except they don't have chicken, which is the lamest kind of taco you could get anyway.... . . You basically stand in line for the kind of meat you want and it could get a little hectic, so brace yourself. I got 2 carne asada tacos, which I thought were a little too dry, 1 head meat taco which was super tasty, and 1 spicy pork which was delicious!! . . This place is worth a visit if you're willing to make the trip here!! The food is good and cheap compared to most of the places on the strip.
Great great great tacos. I hope they keep up the great service after the expansion.
Loved this place! Just north of Encore on Las Vegas Blvd, it was a cheap $6 cab fare from The Mirage, (ten minute walk back afterwards) The Tacos were out of this world fresh. Meat sliced right into the tortilla from the spinning rotisserie of spicy pork or beef. Topped with fresh homemade salsas, cilantro and onion. The small but comfortable outdoor patio was perfect for the sunny day. We only wish we had gone sooner, not on our last day before heading home! Delicious, and only $2 a taco is a steal so close to the strip. Most delicous and cheapest meal you will find.
The only place from keeping this place from being the bomb is HOTTT sauce.  . Pork check. Steak check. Stomach check. SMALL fries check, yes the small is more than enough!!!. This will soak up all the booze after a long day and night of drinking.. . Did I tell you I was here twice in 26 hours???
THIS IS A GEM OF A FIND ON THE STRIP!. . Once you are all buffet'd out and are looking to save money without sacrificing quality, then this is your spot! It's perfect walking distance from the Riviera and the Wynn. These guys are open late into the early hours especially on fridays and saturdays. . . They have some booths inside but most of the seating is located outside in two decent sized tents which you cant miss if you're driving by on the street. On cold nights they have those gas powered heating elements for those of you that think Vegas doesnt get that cold.. . The parking is decent and on some nights you have street racers meeting up here just to hang out. Im suprised this location doesnt have an armed security guard like the Charleston location.. . As for the food, the three most popular items that I usually get here are the El Pastor tacos, Carne Asada tacos, and the Adobado Fries. The tacos are 2 bucks a pop and the Adobado Fries are 5 bucks for the half order and 10 bucks for a large order (the half order is virtually a meal in itself!). You have the option of having everything on your tacos and fries at no extra charge. These are the guacomole sauce, onions, and cilantro for your tacos. For the fries you can get sour cream, guacomole, and extra cheese. You can even askfor grilled green onions and jalapenos on the side. Also you can have them put grilled pineapple bits as well, BUT YOU HAVE TO SPECIFICALLY ASK FOR THESE so if you dont than they will not give it to you. That's why I love these guys, no extra charge for all those mentioned above.. . I also like this place better simply because of the fact that they have TWO service stations meaning they have twice the amount of food servers and cashiers (yes they take cards and there is no minimum) which equals faster service although on really busy nights you cant tell. Plus, it seems that they speak better english here than the other location. http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas. . If you are up for it, there is another place that serves an even better El Pastor. They are a couple miles away on Charleston just down the street from the other Tacos El Gordo. They are called Taqueria El Pastorcito. When you go East on Charleston, look for the trailer with the bright lights on the left side of the street just right before Los Tacos on the right side.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/taqueria-el-pastorcito-las-vegas#query:Tacos%20El%20Pastorcito
$2 dollar tacos on the strip? AWESOME!!! I tried to place recently due to the rave reviews on yelp. I was pleasantly surprised! I come from Los Angeles, and know all about "King Taco" and "El Taurino" and been to taco places in Mexico itself. I would say this place is in the same category as "El Taurino" if not better. . . Their Adobada (spicy pork different from Al Pastor style) with everything on it, is my favorite! I can eat 6 of these easily lol. I tried the "Taco el Lengua" (cow tongue) and was thrown off a bit. (I love cow tongue in Japanese and Korean BBQ) but the taco version is a little... well tastes like a mushy tongue lol. I wouldn't order that again.. . Avoid this place on Friday nights and Saturday nights unless you want to deal with dozens if not a hundred drunk loud clubbers who are literally throwing up outside in the parking lot... :( . . Also their "Horchata" and other mexican drinks are not made fresh or from scratch.  (kind of a bummer really), they use the mixed syrup machine dispensers. I guess I'm spoiled because where I come from the Horchata is always made fresh daily.. This is my go to spot for late night tacos after work. If you are just visiting, I definitely recommend this place if you are a taco lover such as myself.
There are a ton of reviews that capture everything you need to know about this place.  Get the lengua, by far the best tongue taco I've had.  The pork is great as well, the sauce they put on for you is perfect, and the warm pineapple sliver tops off a great taco.. . The Campechana fries (1/2 pork 1/2 steak) are a must, although they will put you to sleep within an hour of consuming.  The smoke flavor is very prominent in the meat when served on top of the fires, flirting with overwhelming.. . Ate there 2 times in the same day, that should speak for itself.
This place has everything if you love Tacos!! Cheap tacos, great location, and the meat is great and seasoned just right!! These are true street tacos! This is no place for someone who is health conscious, no fish and no chicken (at least none I saw) 100% beef  and the cilantro, salsa, onion, lime.. just perfect. I had the asada and chorizo... delish.
I am so happy that I found this place. Located just down the street from Circus Circus at the end of the Las Vegas strip stands Tacos El Gordo. This is a real down to the basics taco joint. You've got the traditional carne asada but also head and tongue. We got the Asada along with their fries which is covered in asada and guacamole. Delicious! This is perfect for a quick snack or even better after a late night out. Will gladly go here again next time we are in Vegas.
One tell tale sign of a restaurants authenticity is when people in their own community support it.  Tex mex is so popular, and luckily for us Tacos El Gordo serves up truly legit Mexican.  Outdoor and indoor seating is available, but when you are from Canada and you have the opportunity to dine outdoors in March, you take it.  The ordering process is slightly confusing.  Upon walking in to the restaurants, there is a cashier, and you would think that you pay first and then order, wrong.  Instead you go in the designated line, for steak, pork, etc, order, and then you pay.  It is amazing to watch the food be completely prepared for you form scratch in minutes.  On your way to pay, their is an additional toppings bar that was stocked with limes, radish, etc.  We ordered 6 tacos and paid $12 for two people, where most of the fancy restaurants on the strip that is the price one cocktail.  I am a self admitted taco snob, just because i have had so many legit tacos.  These tacos rate up their with some of the best.  They come on corn or flour, but for me their is only one option, corn is a must.  For the carne asada, the meat was tender, and they chop and cook it on the flat top seconds before putting it on a tortilla with onions, herbs, and guacamole.  It had so much flavour without being too hot, it was extremely fresh, my one complaint was that there was too much guacamole.  The pork taco again had so much flavour  from the cilantro, it tasted so bright, and with a squeeze of lime i was totally satisfied.  Both tacos had a good base of extremely flavourful meat, they didnt need to be topped with a million ingredients to make them taste great, they were simple, authentic, and boasting with flavour.. . Overall i loved Tacos El Gordo, they make a lot of las vegas residents and tourists happy with an amazing product that they dish out hundreds of times daily.  My only complaint was the whole ordering process, the cashier was helpful, but i am sure she tires of telling people where to line up.  One suggestion would be more signage.  I cannot wait for my next visit, i might be more adventurous next time.
After Baker to Vegas this weekend, my husband and I hit this place up for a good and cheap dinner.  We were covered in dust and looked like desert rats, but the mixture of clientele at Tacos El Gordo was less than judgmental and I felt quite welcome.. . The restaurant (on a Saturday night around 8ish) was brightly lit and chaotic with patrons.  The long lines meant a long wait, especially for adobada, which is much, much better than the carne asada, which is good but not great.  . . The homemade tortillas are about the size of your palm.  A taco with everything comes with meat, onions, cilantro, lime, salsa and a smooth avocado sauce that wasn't exactly guacamole.  I also had a quesadilla, which is the same thing as a taco but with good white cheese stuck to the tortilla and a fried tortilla on top.  . . Order your tacos first, then go pay at the cashier to get your cups for drinks.  There's a soda machine and an horchata machine, the kind with the happy face logo that says "Ole!". . The fries with meat (carne asada, adobada, or a mixture of the two which is called campechana, I think) is a three-pound box filled with everything your cardiologist doesn't want you to eat.  Cheese, fries, crema, meat.  You can share this among four people and you will probably still not finish it.. . Tacos are two dollars each.  A meal with a drink will be about $10-12 dollars, which is a lot for a taco joint.. . However, the people watching is first-rate.  Besides Mexican families and the occasional adventurous Midwesterner, customers include hotel workers, drunken frat boys, and honest-to-goodness prostitutes.  At the table next to ours, there was a lively and profanity-spangled discussion in Spanish about the true definition of a chilango.  On the patio, a group of young men in their early-twenties with matching vests and threaded eyebrows fortified themselves before a night of what would no doubt be the liberal distribution of rohypnol.  All of these people and more you will find at the Las Vegas Strip Tacos El Gordo.  All united in taco solidarity.  This is a good place.
We frequent the Charleston location of this chain on almost every trip, but this was our first opportunity to dine here.  The restaurant is located in a run down shopping center that I would normally avoid, but we were here for the food.  Prior to entering, we noticed a large tent immediately outside the door with tables which was packed with diners.  Additional seating is available inside. We encountered long lines and slow service, but the food was excellent.  We shared our standard meal of 4 adobada street tacos and a pina colada, non alcoholic drink.
Cheap and delicious! The lengua (beef tongue) and adobada (spicy pork) tacos stand out compared to the other offerings.  This is a legit Mexican place....none of this chicken taco shenanigans.  Just the scary stuff and pork/beef! I ordered for me and the BF...but before he got there I ended up eating his tacos too....3 is not enough even for a little Asian girl....so make sure you order plenty!
For everyone who doesn't have the luxury of living near the San Diego/Mexico border, you can now get your Tacos El Gordo fix in beautiful Las Vegas.  For the uninitiated, it is absolutely worth visiting if you are a fan of authentic Mexican food.  Just beware of the ridiculous lines during lunch and the silly ordering system that works in theory but fails miserably in execution.. . When you get there, you'll see that there are multiple lines for each of the meat stations.  Each station is supposed to be dedicated only to a particular type of meat or meats, but the lines aren't labeled and it's more of a free-for-all to get to the front than anything else.  To further cause problems, people will wait in one line (carnitas for example), but when they get to the front they order something that's supposed to be from another station (asada for example).  This causes delays because the guy at the carnitas station will have to ask the guy at the asada station to make something for the guy who stood in the wrong line in the first place, which causes both lines to get further backed up.  Confused yet?  Yeah, it's a big mess.. . But let me save you the trouble of having to wait in multiples lines.  I've tried pretty much all the meats, and I can confidently say the only meat that really makes this place unique/special is the adobada (spicy pork aka al pastor).  It's frickin' delicious!  The meat has a perfect balance of crispiness and juiciness, and is packed with salty sweet flavor.  Whether you get it in a taco, tostada, quesadilla or whatever, I guarantee it will be good.  The other meat choices don't even hold a candle, but you can wait for them if you want.  You've been warned!
This place was a clusterf@*k when we checked it out at 1:00 am on a Saturday night/Sunday morning.  I guess we sort of beat the post-clubbing crowd, but even then there wasn't any type of organization to the lines. I found this spot on Yelp because I was looking for a late night eatery that won't cost me an arm and a leg in Vegas.  Yes, Tacos El Gordo fit the "affordable" bill, but I just wish they had signs for each line that was semi-forming inside the restaurant.  The tacos were certainly legit -- they had the typical carne asada and steak, but also served innards like stomach and tripe and brains and tongue.  The servers were friendly and fairly quick.  I enjoyed the tongue taco the most.  I'll probably be back but not during their peak hours, which is anytime between midnight and 4:00 am.
Just like TJ baby!! This place has thee BEST authentic Mexican Taqueria. I recommend everything on the menu.  Minus one star because of their ordering system though; very confusing, unfair, and unorganized.
Tasty food made fairly authentically.  The cut the meet in front of you, make the tortillas from scratch and offer you a friendly smile as they serve you.  The food is really good...not the best mexican I ever had, but certainly a dependable option if you want to get away from the mainstream vegas joints off the strip.
This is located right next the Ross, just after Cathedral Way (past the Wynn). You can't miss the hoards of people meandering in and out of here. . . It's fast, cheap and good. It's got this interesting set up of 3 different counters all serving up different things on the menu, although some of the menu items repeat. So you really should know what you want to get before you stand in line somewhere. I was sober and had 4 years of high school Spanish and I was still having a hard time figuring out where to stand and what I wanted to order! . . You will see all sorts of people in all sorts of dress, here, a true testament that affordable good food draws the masses. In the 30mins we sat and ate, I saw suited up limo drivers andcasino security, folks in medical scrubs, construction workers, migrant workers, families who look like they just came from a quincinera, UNLVers, clubbers....and us tourist from HI in our slippers looking for a proper taco that doesn't cost $4 each.. . At any rate this place is so convenient to the strip and my beloved Guardian Angel Cathedral that it will be a steady freddy everytime I'm in the 702. . . Pros:. -Late hours, cheap, good, easy parking, fast service, good lighting, lots of people around, no brainer for a taco fix. -SPICY PORK. Yup...that's the one. . -One order carne asada fries can seriously feed 4-6 people. Watching them prepare it was ridiculous! Seriously, a mound of meat and cheese about 3 inches high just dumped on an entire fry basket of fries. WTH! . -There's a parking lot and lot's of open spaces. . . Cons:. -It's ain't fancy and it ain't fragrance free. So you will walk into a place where smoke from meat being roasted and things being fried is visibly hanging in the air. . -Seating can be hard to find as it's busy, but turnaround is fast
This place has the best tacos!
Best tacos ever!! I got the carne asada tacos and it was so good I wanted more, but I also got carne asada fries so I had way too much food. The carne asada fries were good but I've definitely had better. It was missing pico!! If it had it on there, I think it would have been a lot better. The tacos were SUPER good. I wish I got more and these tacos are only $2 each! (and it comes with guac!). . . It's kinda at the edge of the strip right after Encore, but don't worry because there are tons of people still walking around at 2 or 3 am! (:. . *CASH ONLY!
Quick eats with generous portions on any hour at a price that's affordable which even makes you crave for more, this place fits the bill!. . A place that stays open into the wee morning hours located on "The Strip" along the Riviera Resort and Wynn Resort side of the street. Security guards are a common sight, for added feeling of secureness while you eat. Sit out in the outdoor canopied patio on chairs or on the cushioned seating. It sure will satisfy your stomach's need for Mexican cuisine of tacos. At a price of two dollars, five bucks to ten bucks a meal, fill up with all the fixings that goes with the taco you order which is best but, u must ask for it (at no extra charge) are: onions, spicy pepper, guacomole sauce, cilantro, sour cream, cheese, jalapeno, grilled scallion/onion, guacomole (mashed avocado), and even pineapple chunks. The food servers will add it to your order. After receiving your order, you should go to the side dish server and add up with the salsa (green or red pepper sauce), chopped horseradish, chopped onions, slices of lime as you please for yourself.  . My Favorite meals is: Taco Al Pastor ("Al Pastor" in Spanish means, in the style of the shepherd. It is a dish of Central Mexico in an adoption of the spit-grilled meat or pork marinated over one or two days with dried chiles, and pineapple as meat tenderizer, thus cooked slowly with gas flame on a vertical rotisserie called a "trompo" which is literally, a spinning top). The vertical rotisserie of pork is an obvious sight and to see the server take cuts or slices of pork from the spit griller. . My favorite is the Vampiro (means vampire). This succulent super taco of chile quesadilla wrapped around juicy grilled carne asada (steak) fabulously good meal sounds like an immortality. My vision of it is a steak through its heart; as in a stick through a vampire's heart. Okay, this brings a smile to heart (love) a vampire. . Other favorites: Taco de Adobada (spicy pork), Taco de Carne Asada (steak), Taco de Suadero (beef shoulder), Tacos de Lengua (beef tongue), Adobada (red chili-garlic) Fries. But you must try the Taco de Tripa (tripe), Taco de Lengua (tongue), Tacos de Cabeza (beef head), Tacos de Sesos (beef brain), Tacos de Buche (pork stomach) which are exotic fare to munch on. For first-timers, dare it, is delicious! One bebida or drink favorite is the Horchata (a Mexican rice and cinnamon milk-like drink). Other dish on the menu are Quesadilla (a flour tortilla or a corn tortilla filled with a savory mixture containing cheese, other ingredients, and/or vegetables, then folded in half to form a half-moon shape) with meat, Sopes (soup) with meat, Tostadas (meaning "toasted" is a Mexican fried tortilla), Mulas (shredded beef on tortilla with cheese and salad), Carne Asada (steak) Fries, Campechana (seafood) Fries, Taco Azteca (or Nopal Asado, is grilled cactus).. . Just have patience as you wait in line to get the servers to take your order. With a price and generous portion like it is, you are not the only one lining up for these eats. The strong scent of food that permeates the air is enough to keep you staying in line. Betcha some of the people in line are in it for more. Visiting and eating during early morning hours is quite a feast from one taco to the next. Although any time of the night or day will do. Mexican cuisine at its simple fare doesn't get any better than this! More!
I have been here a few times and can say without hesitation that Tacos El Gordo deserves 4 stars. The restaurant is small with only a handful of tables inside. It has a nice comfortable feel to it which is only made better by the amazingly friendly service that I have received every time I have gone in. . . Everything I have tried has been excellent but the standout at this point has to be the taco de cabeza. I am a big fan of tacos and I can say that these are the best I have ever had. I have tried 4 or 5 different tacos which have also all been excellent. Tacos El Gordo is exactly what a small restaurant should be. Great service with great food. I really can't recommend this place enough.
There is no way that I am the first person to wonder just HOW many people have primarily experienced the magic of Tacos El Gordo buzzed or drunk. . . Open till 3a on the weekdays and 5a on the weekends, this is a go-to spot for folks with the late night munchies. The place's no-frills menu is the first thing through the door, with tacos being its shining star, offering choices including adobada, carne asada, cabeza for two bucks a pop. There are other items like quesadillas, mulas, and carne asada fries, but you can't go wrong with tacos. . . Ordering can be a little tough if it's been a few years since you last sang "La Camisa Negra" by Juanes in high school, but the language barrier is minimal. There are several service stations and you can see them slapping on the ingredients in front of your very eyes so you know the STUFF BE FRESH. . . "Me encantan!"
Drunk munchies after EBC is what lead me to this wonderful establishment.  The best pigouts will always be after beach club when you don't care about how your body looks like anymore haha  With that being said, the lengua fries have definitely won my heart here.  Actually, lengua anything here is good with me.  People always get grossed out when I tell them I like lengua because it's basically tongue, but IT IS SO BOMB.  JUST TRY IT!
Cheap, yum and delicious varities tacos!. I love the spicy pork where they cut from the freshly roasted rack!. easy access location by bus, abit away from the strip but if u stay at wynn or encore it's totally walkable.
The adobada tacos are my favorite (pork) sliced to order. If you have a CCW, I would bring it here. Pretty ghetto.
Consider this place DISCOVERED (i.e., busy)!! I came here because of the reviews and I love tacos. When I arrived the line was 20 feet out the door (Monday at noon). I decided to wait it out because I was psyched for tacos de asada. 10 minutes later I hadn't moved. But, I was free today and the folks around me in line were fun. An hour and 10 minutes later, I got my food. All I can say is, it was worth the wait! The tacos de asada were delicious!! They grill the carne asada right there over charcoal. I've never seen kitchen staff working so fast and having so much fun. I love an open kitchen and it helped pass the time. First time I've ever seen someone throw the ingredients for a taco in the air and catch them.. For EACH TACO!  Just FYI (in case you don't speak Spanish), there are two lines... one if you are ordering tacos de asada and another line for everything else. The line for everything else seemed to move faster. If I can make time, I might go back and try the adobada.  Great find, I just wish it wasn't quite so "discovered".
Saw this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try while I was in Vegas.  The way to order is really confusing.  There are five seperate lines that lead to a counter where different workers are making food with different types of meat.  The lines are usually out the door so you have to try and stand in the line with the type of meat you plan on ordering and then when you actually get to the front to order you can ask the worker to get you food from the other workers with the different meats down the line.  It gets really hectic because the restaurant gets so packed that there is literally 40 people in a very small space in front of the food counter.  If you are claustrophobic this place will freak you out.  You pretty much feel like a sardine in a can.  . . The best meat that Tacos El Gordo has available is the ADOBADA (spicy marinated pork meat) that cooked rotating on a spit.  The worker will slice the meat directly into the taco tortilla and add on all the toppings you desire.  The Adobada is a little spicy so if you cannot handle a little heat this might not be for you.  . . Tacos El Gordo is right off of the strip so its really easy to find.  Parking can be a little difficult at times because it just gets so crowded on the strip.
Clean, speedy, CHEAP and yummy! Only thing there is no option for chicken tacos. The service was great and accommodating. This was a refreshing option from all the touristy places off the strip. Will return!
A must go-to on the Strip! Food is awesome, and a great place to try!
Food was great, but the other customers were extremely pushy and rude. Luckily, the cook realized they were trying to pass us in line, and told them they were to wait. Very authentic food -- but not enough seating inside. We had to eat outside, and when it's 117 degrees, it's hard to enjoy anything outside. Would visit again...on a cooler day!
Legit Mexican at a crazy cheap price.  Yum.
This place ain't healthy eating, but the food is greasy-good.   I was suprised how much I liked the lengua (tongue) and the al pastor and adobada were both fantastic.  Good salsa, very fast service at the counter.  My kids and I were the only gringos in the place, which tells me the food is authentic.  I wish they'd open a location out in the northwest...
Delicious and Cheap. Pros. Cheap and delicious tacos. . Cons. A little far from the Strip. . At $2 per taco, this is well worth it. The Adobaba tacos were nice and spicy, with a tasty aiolle. I walked from the Strip so it took awhile to get there, but I'm glad I did.
best lengua!. . Beef Tounge Tacos to DIE FOR... Best in WEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Went to this place today. Was a hefty walk to get there.  It is passed Encore a little ways.  As prior reviewers have said, there were long lines and long waits. We had a group of 3 and each person stood in a different line. The one waiting in the asada line didn't get their tacos until like 10 minutes after the other two finished eating. We had to eat outside because there was no indoor seating. Eating in 100 degree weather is not fun. . . The good part was that we highly enjoyed our meal. I had a tongue, head, shoulder and asada.  I liked the asada and shoulder best out of those. I also tasted the adoboda and chorizo. All three of us were pretty happy with our tacos. . . I give 4 stars bc of the wait and the fact we had to eat outside dripping in sweat. The food, though, was great. It's also fun watching the guys make the tacos right in front of you.
The King Taco of Vegas !. . I love this place. Get the Adobada Pork! The sauces arent as spicy as the King Taco sauces but their sauces are on point. I usually get the tacos. The Carne Asada fries and the Adobada fries were both fails. Stick to the tacos. Its a little off the strip but its worth it. This is the perfect place to come when you're hungover and broke from losing all your money on the strip.
Nearly 500-reviews and a 4.5/5.0 review on YELP for cheap tacos in Vegas? I "had" to try this spot on my last Vegas excursion.. . =========. LOCATION. =========. . It's located at "the edge" of the heart of the Vegas strip in my opinion. I consider everything from like Excalibur to the end of Wynn the HEART of the strip. Sure you've got the Stratosphere etc. if you go down farther but with Sahara being remodeled, there's a deadspot past the Wynn.. . Anyway this place is RIGHT past the Wynn/Encore, on the Strip, headlining a little mini-mall. Seating is limited inside, BRUTAL due to the Vegas summer heat... and there's a ton of seating outside. Unfortunately the inside is pretty small and the lines tend to make things chaotic.. . Also adding to the chaos is there's 2 separate PAY AREAS inside, both on opposite ends of the place. They hand you the food cafeteria style BEFORE you pay, which is cool. What I hated was there's 4 stations and depending on WHAT TYPE of taco you want you have to go to the different stations/lines. One for Abogado (spicy pork), one for Carne Asada and Chorizo. Finally a third one for all other things (tongue, shoulder, brain).. . . =========. THE FOOD. =========. . ~ CARNE ASADA TACO - The steak was seasoned amazingly. It came with an avocado mash and some other great toppings. (5/5). . ~ ADOBADA (spicy pork) TACO - This was interesting. The meat looked delicious, nice seductive red glaze to the meat. It was pretty good, not amazing. However the green avocado sauce they put on it bumped it up a bit. I recommend adding that sauce on ALL your tacos. (4/5). . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oCNAyy80KNhlFskH_cio4A&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA. . . ~ MULAS - I "think" this was a giant taco with an additional tortilla atop it. (4/5). . ~ CHORIZO TACO - It was pretty good as well. Torn between giving it a 3 or a 4. They chop up the tasty looking sausage in front of you... and the grounded meat streams out. (3/5). . ~ QUESADILLAS - These aren't your normal "quesadillas." They are a large taco w/some cheese burned into the tortilla, filled with meat / toppings with a HARD-AS-ROCK CRACKER thing put atop kind've like a hat. It's really terrible. (1/5). . . =========. AND SO...... =========. . It was a good spot. . Definitely a good place to go if you're balling on a budget. Can't beat $2.00 tacos and $4.00 MEAT quesadillas. I think there was a lot of locals here. I'm curious what the VAMPIRO was. My friend MIGUEL Z. thought these were the best tacos he'd ever had. . . As a tip, ask the person who makes your food for some peppers... they're free and they'll only give em out if you ask. You get a big plate of like 3-4 types of grilled peppers and grilled onions.. . I will be back...
Great tacos. Open late. It's a good place to stop by if you're ever hungry and wandering the strip. It's always busy, although they have really fast service in spite of all the business.
Super yummy spicy pork tacos! The locals eat here. The tacos are small so order a few... You order your food first and then you pay.
The food here is awesome. You can see them making the tortillas right in front of you. I ordered two tacos and a quesadilla. The tacos were on point. Did not disappoint. The quesadilla was ok, but not what I would call a quesadilla. Not a traditional one at least. It was a tortilla with sprinkled cheese, meat on top and a smaller crunchy tortilla on top. To me a quesadilla is a big tortilla with meat and cheese, folded in half. For that, I deducted a star. Customer service was great and so were the prices Only thing I disliked was the lack of available seats. It was so crowded, we had to eat old school style. We placed our trays on the trunk of the car and grubbed.
Price is cheep.  Food is ok...
I live locally and upon hearing everyone who lives downtown say that Tacos El Gordo is the best, authentic, cheap Mexican available in Las Vegas, I dragged my girlfriend and we stopped in one random Thursday night.  The wait time was long (maybe 45+ minutes) and it is almost cafeteria style in the sense that you walk up with your tray and order your tacos and then pay a cashier before you walk out.  Tacos were better than decent & very fresh, but the Carne Asade fries were heavenly.  Totally cheap, very delicious and when I was the only non-Hispanic standing in line....surely a sign of great Mexican food!  I will go back and drag others to experience this little local gem.
If I am totally craving tacos... and don't mind getting into some 'Las Vegas Blvd.' traffic... COME HERE! Normally, my husband and I come here on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. It is still a packed crowd, but not as bad as the Friday/ Saturday night crowd. Out of the handful of times I have came, I have only came on a Friday night ONCE! That might be the last time we do that. . . Don't be fooled by the small appearance of these tacos... they can really fill you up. Order what you can honestly handle. Then if you are still hungry, it will be a matter of "how hungry?" and "how long am I willing to wait?" . . My go-to items are the pork "adobada" tacos, Steak 'Carne Asada' tacos, and pork sopes. I have tried the carne asada fries, but it is quite overwhelming (and that was just the 'half order'). If you do order the fries... it should be a) the only thing you eat... or b) you are going on a Man vs Food challenge. . . Tacos are $2/ each. Specialty items (i.e. Sopes) are $4. . . Seating can be a challenge here (esp. if you come during the Friday/ Saturday night crowd). We ended up eating at the car that night.
Awesome tacos! The wait can be long, but overall worth the wait. I'm not a big fan of the 'different' meats offered. The steak and pork tacos are great.
Finally!!! I made it!!! I went in with Spicy Pastor Tacos on my mind. But when I saw an order of Carne Asada Fries pass by me, I changed course. I got the small order and glad I did because the large would have been way too much.. . Let me tell you, TEG is some straight up Mexican food goodness! I love this place. The lines were crazy, it was hot in there, families squished in together at the small tables, people hollering across each other - I loved it! And I will be back now that I know where it is. For the past three trips to Vegas, I would make the effort to get to TEG, but could never "see" it.  It is in a sort of strip mall with a small parking lot.  This time, I rode around twice before I spotted it.  And I was rewarded with some really good eats.  (This review was from my July 2013 trip)
My friends and I love to try new taco places and since we were here in Las Vegas, we gave this place a try.. . The food was delicious; very juicy and tasty. I would definitely recommend the tacos adobada, probably some of the best I've ever had. It had a very interesting and robust flavor.. . I didn't care too much for the carne asada tacos, they were a bit chewy and cold. Still delicious though. . . The service was great and kind. I will definitely come back here when I visit Vegas again.
Just went back here this week. Perfect late night spot with a great selection of carne asada, tongue, brain, etc. tacos, and there great fries with cheese, meat, Guacamole, etc. on top. Will gladly go here every time we're in town.
delish!!! lines are wayyyy to long....but worth the wait. dont go sunday early afternoon!
This was quite convenient as we stayed at the encore and it was literally within 5 minutes away. The place is packed on sat night but was quite quiet on friday. I've never had this place in the california area but only heard good things about it.. . Definitely not the most healthiest place to eat at but a good price for tasty food. (think the pork fat / oil is used to cook the tacos hence the taste. It was actually a lot smaller than I thought just from looking at the pictures but 4-5 of them filled me out. . . Seems the adobada is most popular. There are multiple lines as well for what you want to order. There are 2 sets of these lines if they are opened. Also it seems if you line up for one you can still order from the line next to you and skip the line (someone can correct me if I am wrong). I just saw people doing it which seemed to be locals.. . I'm surprised this place is quite slow though. The wait for adobada took 30 minutes, atleast.. . I would still come here again but not much selection for the vegetarian eaters and the veggie options were not that great as I was told. Can try Komol Restaurant for veggie eaters.
Will def go back on my next Vegas trip! Only shared a large carne asada fries with my fiance and we could barely finish it! Very yummy! The one problem I had was that the lady sweeping the floor swept the dirt/food pieces onto my feet....no "sorry" or anything. Kinda rude.
My Mexican girlfriend told me this was the best tacos in Vegas.  It's right by my house.  Last time I ordered the pork and it was good.  Today I got the steak tacos this time if flour tortillas and guacamole and sour cream.  Very good and probably the cheapest meal I ever eat at any given time. They also have my favorite drink Orange Bang. Haven't had it anywhere else other than Zippys in Hawaii.
Not as good as the Tacos el gordo in San Diego but still very good!  . . Adobada Tacos are all you need here.  The perfect mixture of salsa, guac sauce, fresh tortillas, and of course, the spicy pork... delicious!  . . I just remember the tacos being bigger and tasting a little better in san diego.. . This was probably my favorite meal this past weekend in vegas.
My wife and I come here every year on our anniversary and stand in line for sometimes 40 minutes.  And that's at 1AM.  Very good, traditional tacos.  They are as good as any street taco I have had in Mexico.. . There are only two downsides here:. . 1:  The wait can be very long. . 2:  There is very little seating for the size crowds that form at both doors so plan accordingly.
Great way to satiate hunger after a night of spirits and libations.
The food is really good here, but kinda confusing on how to order.  There's really no order to the lines here, you kind of just get in a line and hopefully get what you want.  Other than that, I got the beef cheek, tongue, and carne asada.  Pretty good for a late night snack.  Best part of the experience is watching people coming from the club wasted trying to get their taco fix.  Recommend for a late night cheap eats on the strip.
My boyfriend absolutely loves this place. While I also love this place, I need to give an honest review and not let the delicious food get in the way of me looking at the overall picture.. . During a spur-of-the-moment 3 day trip to Las Vegas, we went to Tacos El Gordo a total of 5 times, sometimes more than once a day -- Yes, that's how much we love this place. This place is so authentic that they don't even give you the option of ordering a burrito! (So if that's what you're craving, you're not going to find one here.) The meats on the tacos were cooked well and the combination of everything they put on it was perfect. They are generous with the guacamole and everything else, but... half the time when I get my tacos they are cold. This is because sometimes they will cook the meat in advance and store it in a nearby metal can and continue to cook more meat. This is effective when there is a lot of customers but cold tacos aren't as good as fresh, warm tacos! . . With that said, leftover tacos still tastes amazing so no worries, but warm tacos are still better.. . PROS:. - Generous guacamole & everything else on the taco. - Delicious. - Great hours. - Fair prices. - Fast taco making. . CONS: . - Half the time I saw my asada come from a metal can and not the grill
If you are drunk on a late night and want greasy mexican food, this is the place to go!!! food is fast and fatty. Large variety of food and drinks. You can sit inside, and get a taxi when you done. . . Fast, cheap, and good, can't go wrong!
Good spicy pork taco and lengua.open late night.  Avocado cream sauce delicious.
Why have I waited so long to try this place. K.O. convinced me to come in to this place for a small snack in between meals.  I am glad she did.. . The parking lot sucks to get to and is jam packed.. . There are separate lines here depending on which meat you want to eat.  Look for the signs at the front of the line.  When we came in the whole inside of this place was packed.  It was very confusing for me in the beginning, but K.O. helped me navigate through the madness.. . We stood in the Adobado line and got us 2 tacos and 1 mula to share.  Remember to ask for hot sauce when you get your food.. . Adobado Taco - the meat was cooked well and on a spit. When you see meat on a spit you know its going to be cooked well, charred slightly on the outside and moist in the inside.  All the trimmings were delicious and that green sauce was really creamy and helped elevate the flavors.. . Adobado Mula - First time trying it and its basically 2 tortillas with meat, cheese, and other things inside.  This was delicious and wish I had found out about this sooner.. . After you get your food, you have to find the cashier line and pay. When we were here the horchata tasted really watered down and not good. The orange bang on the other hand was delicious.. . Seating may be hard to find, but we found one outside fairly easily.. . The place could be a little cleaner and less hectic.  The inside is crammed with ppl and hard to get refills on drinks.. . I would definitely come here again but maybe one of their other locations.
Abadado fries!
The Pastor is legendary - that is why they have a separate line for just Pastor orders and another for all others. The other meats are very good - and they have all of the traditional Mexican meats, but that pastor - MAN! It is definitely pricey for small street tacos but worth it due to that succulent taste. Most times both the strip and Charleston location are packed at lunch so be get there early.
Food was good but the process of getting it was a cluster.. especially if you had never been there before and did not know what to do.  Read all the signs so you don't stand in th wrong line for 20 minutes.
$2 a taco?!. . Brought 15 tacos back to the room, had a picnic taco party on the floor while all the girls got ready for going out.  The favorites were the Asada tacos, with the Al Pastor coming in second. Lengua came in last.. . Best idea ever.
By far one of the best late night spots to eat in Vegas and best of all it was right outside the hotel I was staying (Wynn Las Vegas) tacos are fresh and going by most of the reviewshere there are all spot on ... Porks the way to go. . . Next time I'm coming to Vegas I'm def coming here first!
$2 spicy pork tacos. You want these. Tasty snack and best deal on the strip. Yummy Mexican sodas to boot, what's not to love.
You have to walk north of the strip pass the Wynn and Encore but trust me it is worth it. I did not expect to enjoy it as much as I did, but the carne asada tacos were amazing.  I had the tripe and spicy pork tacos as well, on a full stomach and it was still delicious and authentic.  For 2 dollars a piece, the size was perfect, and if you are walking down the strip you might as find this little mom and pops place.  The lines are long but they go pretty fast.  It is the right amount of spice and flavor.
Awesome place to hit up after a night out on the Strip. I'm from LA where there are taco trucks around every other corner, and I gotta say that Tacos El Gordo is just as good as the best of those. I came at about 3 am so it wasn't terribly crowded, although there was still a line at all of the different stations. I only had a chance to try out an al pastor taco and an asada taco but both were delicious. I think the best part was this green salsa-sauce that they put on the asada taco....no idea what it was unfortunately. Next time I'm back in Vegas, I'll definitely try to find an opportunity to come back and try some more of their food. Definitely a gem nestled at the edge of the Strip.
I've heard about Tacos El Gordo as their main branches are in south San Diego and they are WELL known for authentic Mexican street tacos. These aren't just *any* run of the mill chicken/steak/carnitas tacos but the REAL ones where they use certain... innards of the animal. Although I've lived in Chula Vista for so long I hadn't visited one (shame on me), so not only am I able to complete a pilgrimage to such a well-known taco establishment before I move to the Bay Area, I also got to introduce the No1DP to REAL tacos. It's a step up from the "Mexican" food he's been used to eating on his business trips but he says it was way too late to try brain and stomach tacos :/. . This is one of the few places in Vegas that are open quite late on a weekday (3am) and even more late on weekends (5am). Frankly there's not much that's open for late night eating afterwards unless you are willing to go off-strip and even then you have to know what you are looking for. This area is also short walking distance from the Wynn/Encore hotel group so this would be a perfect late-night spot for people getting out of XS/Surrender/Tryst and needing to sober up.. . There's indoor and outdoor seating. Outdoor seating is covered. No1DP says that outside is a good place to go people-watching as it overlooks Las Vegas Blvd.. . Inside the taco shop there are various counters. Each counter you can order specific items. Place your order then fall in line at cashier towards the door to pay.. . All tacos use two flour tortillas to soak up the fat/give stability to the taco plus each taco has a generous portion of salsa verde. There's no cheese or sour cream on the taco (which is a sign of a true Mexican taco joint). Each taco is between $2-$3.. . Asada: Typical beef carne asada taco. Tastes like any other carne asada taco. If you live in SoCal and are lucky enough to have taco shops within reasonable driving distance, just do yourself a favor, be more adventurous and try a taco that you'll only find here.. Suadero (shoulder): One of the best cuts of meat for a taco I've ever had. Shoulder seems like it was braised as the meat was quite soft and juicy without it being too greasy.. Cabeza (head): For this taco I think they grind up the head so that the end result texture is similar to a pate. The taste was a bit weird and didn't have much flavor as a meat; it absorbed more of the oil and the salsa verde. . . I can definitely justify the hype regarding this place and this taco joint, along with TJ's Oyster Bar for tacos from the sea, are my two recommended taco joints for REAL street tacos. Now if I can find someone to drag along who is willing to try beef brain, tripe and pork stomach before I leave...
Hands down the best friggin taco I have ever had! The spicy pork was all I ate! Little confusing layout (ordering tacos from different sections) Love the mexican soda fountain machine too with all the odd cream based sodas! Tip ask for the handmade tortilla instead of the prepacked ones! Its WAY better and fresh!
Amazing super fresh tacos! They are literally cutting the meat up in front of you. Great pricing for being on the LV strip. Granted its in an area that might look a little scary to some people. I'd say go during the day, but I'm sure it's a great place for dinner or after drinks.. . I can't believe it took me this long to finally try this place. (Because the other million times I've gone to Vegas). . I had the pastor and lengua. This might become a must visit next time I'm in town again.
Food was excellent. We orderd 12 tacos for 2 people and finished 8. Line was long so anticipate waiting for a while; plus there are 3 separate lines for whatever flavor you're in the mood for.
This place is amazing! The pastor was so good it made us come back wanting more for breakfast. If your in Vegas you have to stop.  . Ps: all of the reviews about this place being sort of a cluster are correct it is but over whelming but do worth it.
Most authentic tacos outside of Mexico. . Nevertheless, #SrGORDO please fix your ordering system. Long lines ruin the experience.
If you don't eat meat skip this place. Head, tongue, pork, and carne asada tacos galore. My cheese quesadillas were really flavorful; probably because they were cooked on the same grill as the meat! Some people's reviews commented about the place itself- who cares? Go for the tacos, 'cause that's all they serve anyway (except for quesadillas). Recommended.
Another late night craving before finals week.. I know I will stay awake after eating here. . I have been to the other Tacos El Gordo and we decided to try this one out since it is fairly closer to home.  The place is busy since it is on the strip.  . . I actually took some time to look at the menu this time and noticed some interesting tacos such as beef tongue and beef brain.  I didn't think they would be appealing to me so I stuck with my usual; carne asada fries.  Full Size please..  Order first, pay after.  Seat yourself.  Also do remember to ask for hot sauce and mild sauce.  The other place I went to offered, but she could have just forgotten.  My carne asada fries looked wonderful as it usually does, layered with cheeses and two scoops of guacamole.  Obviously delicious since I ate it all.  Tender meat and skinny fries.  Not salted.. Fries a little crisp.. . . Now, I did reach over and picked a piece of brain from my friend's taco.. That was very interesting.. mushy and no flavor.. I was definitely better off with fries.  I guess you have to acquire a taste or demand for it.  But the tacos looked excellent from my view of the booth.  . . Great late night place, little condiment bar with lemons, slice beets, etc.  Self serve drinks.  Little tables.  Fresh Mexican food smell. . . Would I come back, Yes! But next round will be at the otherlocation.. I want to compare and contrast.
A hole in the wall, a short walk off the strip, but what it lacks in glitz it makes up for in deliciousness. . Everything is delicious and full of flavor! The Beef Tongue tacos and Steak Al Pastor tacos are my favorite. . . If you want authentic Mexican tacos in Las Vegas, this is your place.
This spot seems like one of the best deals on the entire strip, and with all the great reviews, how can you pass this place up?. . After a day spent strolling around aimlessly, it was time. Time to eat. It's been a bookmark for a while now and decided we'd make a stop this time through town. We were passing right by it - so why not?. . The lines were kinda hectic, at first I wasn't sure what to make of it, but after a minute, I saw that there were about 8 lines for ordering your food; direct from the kitchen staff. Watch them cook up your order, then take it to the register to pay. Pretty simple once you realize how it works. Finding a place to sit and eat on the other hand, was a challenge. Five minutes of hovering around the tables, and a spot finally opened up - this place is packed with customers enjoying their meals.. . The Carne Asada tacos were excellent, but the disappointer here were the Adobada (spicy pork) fries. Usually a fan of pulled or shredded pork dishes, the Carne Asada would have likely been the better choice to top that huge mound of (half sized) fries; I certainly am glad the lady and I didn't order the large. The pork was good, just not awesome or over the top delicious - I'll plan to stick to the Carne Asada if I stop in again.. . With four tacos, a (half) order of fries, and a coke our bill came to about $15 - I dare you to try and find that anywhere else on the strip for less than $30. If you do, please let me know - I'm always down for some tasty tacos.. . Happy Yelping!
Street tacos, fast, dirty (in a good way!), and flavorful.  Most people get nostalgic with their mom's spaghetti, fried chicken, or whatever.. . Not me.  Throw me a plate of tacos de buche, extra crispy tripas, and maybe some sesos if I'm feeling dangerous and I'm blasted back into the past as 11 year old me on an LA street corner taco shop munching away on organ meats.. . Would've been 5 stars if i was still recovering from the night before and if they tacos were $0.50 cheaper.. . Bottom line: fast, authentic, TJ style tacos at American prices.  Get away from the buffets and get down on some buche.
Soooo good.... It's worth every dime and every minute I waited in line. . Would have been better if we don't have to wait on separate lines for different meat. . The only set back is really the small space. There's no space to stand, let alone walk fr one line to another.
I like this place. The people working here were all so friendly and very inviting. The food was well priced for Vegas.  and the carne asade was REAL carne asada juicy and delicious! The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 was because I ordered the carne asada fries and they were a little dry. But someone else might hive the tacos a 5! Worth a try. :)
We had Tacos El Gordo last night for dinner.. . The environment is hectic. The place was packed with people and there was a lot of confusion over the fact that you had to stand in different lines for different items. They are set up station style. This can be a little problematic if there is only one of you ordering but you want different things which is why the only thing I ordered was 8 . Tacos De Adobada because I ended up in that line. Next time I will make sure there is at least 3 people with me so one person can stand in each line to order a variety.. . The tacos were on your typical small duel corn tortillas flash fried in oil. The meat was sliced right onto the shells and then the tacos were dressed with fresh cilantro, red salsa, chopped onions and then a creamy avocado sauce.. . Two thumbs up for the tacos. They were delicious and after we ate them I wish I had ordered about 4 more. There is just something about tacos in the west that are truly fantastic and you just cant beat the prices.
