Cheeseburger in Paradise sums it up!  The burgers here are a force to be reckoned with, the servers are cool, and a it is a great value overall.. . When Ryan M. and I do LV, we always hit Margaritaville for some tasty eats and drinks.  Aside from the great burgers, the tacos and nachos are also very good.. . Thank you, Jimmy Buffet - every time I hear your plug for Margaritaville at the end of "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere", my mouth starts watering for your tasty burgers.
I always try to make sure I head to this place everytime I go to Vegas because I always have the best time.  The drinks are good...the food is good...always a bunch of cute and friendly guys...the mermaid show is entertaining.  It's just a really fun, laidback atmosphere.  Love it.
what an awesomely tacky and fun place.. . the theme here is Some Sort of Tropical. there's a show at some point, involving pirates on stilts, a volcano, balloon hats, everyone clapping in unison, and a girl in a bikini in a dunk tank, none of which seem to make sense, but who cares? . . I had the pulled pork sandwich on garlic toasted bread, which was actually pretty good, though the fries were standard.. . the nachos: they are piled high and stacked with beans, cheese, meats, sour cream, and guac, and most definitely NOT microwaved. incredible stuff - and the 7 of us at the table were just able to finish them!. . the drinks: our waiter actually advised against getting the giant ones because he said the ice melts too fast and dilutes it. myself and a few other people in our party had "The Perfect Margarita" which was described to us as "pretty much just alcohol and lime juice" and definitely did the trick. a little too much salt for my taste, but the alcohol helped block that out.. . major props to our waiter (I think his name was John) - he was from Hoboken! - he actually was helpful with recommendations.. . the price is not that bad actually. I think we each chipped in about $25-30.. . thanks to this place "Wasting Away in Margaritaville" is stuck in my head. curse you, Jimmy.
There are two reasons why I love margaritaville and two only. . . The first reason: Redbull margaritas. This is like the ultimate cure for a hangover AND you get to maintain drunkness. Fuck yes. If you sit there long enough and drink enough of them, suddenly you'll find yourself running down Las Vegas Boulevard at full speed against traffic with your shirt off and not remember a damn thing. Good times.. . Second reason: rare burgers. You know, I get fucking completely tired of places cooking their burgers all the way through if I specifically ask for rare. I assume the risk that I might get ecoli or mad cow when I eat rare meat. Needless to say I'm stoked that margaritaville will oblige me and give me my fucking rare burger. . . That's it. Just follow my lead and do it.
The jerk chicken is really good, and you'll get a decent-sized portion of food if you order it! . . Drinks are really good! The atmosphere is pretty wild - I saw a few dudes walking around on stilts, some girl go down a waterslide, and a very loud Jimmy Buffet concert on a giant TV. . . Prices are a little expensive, but this place is definitely worth stopping in if you're looking for a nice change of pace from the Strip!
Came here just for the margaritas since we were staying across the street at Caesar's Palace. The drinks were delicious and the service was awesome! As expensive as Vegas is, the margaritas here were fairly priced:)
This place is just cheesy enough!!!  . . We typically just eat and drink at the bar because that is where all of the fun is!!!  The bartenders during the day are funny and nice.  The patrons are all just out to have fun and you meet the nicest and oddest people here!!!  The food is not amazing here, but I don't think most people are coming to Vegas for the food!!!  The drinks, however, are delicious!!!. . We did eat at the restaurant part this past weekend for a family dinner and it just was not the same.  The service was slow and not as peppy.  We will definitely return to Margaritaville, but will definitely opt for the bar to enjoy our drinks and food!!!
Yep it is typical Vegas ie a bit touristy and a bit sleazy, however it is a great place to catch your breath and enjoy a cool drink. I haven't eaten here but the margarita's are quite good!
Jimmy Buffett's Margartiaville is always on my to do list when I'm in Vegas and my most recent trip was no different.  My friend and I were partially hungover and I thought the Volcano Nachos would be a good way to start the day.  . . On this given Saturday, we didn't have to wait for room at the bar and we immediately sat ourselves at the bar.  The cafe was steadily busy, but not overflowing with customers as you might expect during the late-night hour.  We went ahead and placed our order for the Volcano Nacho and I decided to try a frozen concoction by the name of Havanas and Bananas.  The frozen drink is made with Cruzan Dark Rum, Baileys, and Bols Crema de Banana and Island Oasis coconut mix.. . The frozen drink was delicious and tasted like something off the Starbucks Frappachino menu rather than an alcoholic beverage.  The drink was flavorful, yet had a kick of rum that wasn't overpowering in anyway.  The volcano nachos arrived and were just as big as I remembered.  The appetizer can serve as a main entree or can be shared with two or three adults and still have leftovers.  . . The volcano nachos are topped with chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomato and scallions.  Additionally, you can add grilled chicken or beef for an additional charge.  I tend to always go with grilled chicken and yet to try the beef topping.  The nacho plate represents everything Vegas food is about.  The nachos are overwhelming with flavor, spiciness, and size.  The nachos are simply delicious and leave you stuffed.  I can't recommend the nachos enough, especially if you're with a group of friends, as you can all share and dig in.. . I would give Margaritaville a full five stars, but I had a horrible experience a few summers ago.  The cafe was busy and I was forced to wait about 25-30 minutes for a spot to open at the bar.  Once I sat myself , I was carded and the girl behind the counter refused to serve me because she said the ID wasn't mine.  Granted, the picture was old and I had gained 100+ lbs, but there was still enough resemblance for me to be served everywhere else in Las Vegas.  Furthermore, she was rude about the whole ordeal and refused to call over a manager.  I was upset and called her a cunt and walked away.  The situation could of been handled better by both parties, but I consider it an isolated incident and sweep it under the rug.
The service was fantastic! It was our birthday so he hooked us up with free ice cream sundaes and was very friendly. We had the chicken wings which were pretty good size and I'm still craving them. We also split a cheeseburger in paradise. This is suppose to be their signature burger but I didn't really care for it.too messy, flavor was boring and it was just a regular burger.nothing special about it.all in all, it was a good experience...primarily because of the service.
Drinks are much too expensive, paid $6 for a Heineken when I paid $1 for a Michelob 10 minutes before. Or waiter gave us great service he was very attentive and checked on our table often. Nachos , which could feed 4 normal people for about $16 were a good deal, because of the huge portion. We got steak and chicken nachos and 3 of us could not finish them, and they were good. The nachos had chunks of chicken, steak, ground beef, nacho cheese, shredded cheese, guacamole, and sour cream. Get the nachos and order nothing else, save your money on drinks and buy them some where else or flask it.
Ive been here a few times since its attached to the casino @ flamingo (where I sometimes stay) sometimes i get a margarita  to-go, and other times I've chilled at the bar, i usually go for the "Perfect margarita" over ice along with some chips and salsa. i haven't tried any of the food yet. but the HUGE volcano nachos and the burgers seem to be heavily filling the tables when Ive come.  . . The restaurant has two bars the 1st ones in the front of the restaurant and there's a (standing only) little patio which is facing out to the strip. good for people watching and catching a breeze where the weathers nice.. the 2nd bar is in the back of the restaurant by the stage/projection setup  . .  For those who want a souvenir there's a gift shop @ the entry of the restaurant which sells glassware, margarita mixes, shirts,flip/flops, hats etc... . **tip #1 ** there's a 2-4-1 coupon for their  "whose to blame" margarita in the fun book they give you when you stay @ the flamingo. (avg out $4 ea margarita!!) which u can drink there or get it to go!   boo-ya!. . **tip #2** you get more margarita when u get it a to-go cupppp :)
I've been to this Margaritaville several times and generally have a good experience. There is usually a wait to get in, and parking can be a pain. The food and drinks can be a bit expensive. . . The marquee item on the menu is the Volcano Nachos. It satisfied our table of six adults. The burgers are a pretty safe bet here. Drinks are pretty good here, but be careful how much you drink, because they add up. . . I really like the atmosphere here. I'm no die hard Parrot Head, but I appreciate Jimmy Buffett and it is neat seeing how this guy lives and the happiness he brings people. They seem to play more of his stuff for dinner than lunch.
I haven't been here in a while, but this is the spot that my friends and I usually come when we don't want to deal with clubs/lines/guestlists/crap. I've never eaten the food here, but we come here when we want to make SURE everyone has a great time.. . Great frozen drinks and great dance music, surprisingly enough! It's a fun atmosphere, there is never a wait to get in and we can always find a table. Most of the time I'm there, they have live bands..... I've seen people of all ages having a great time here so whether you're a college kid, way beyond a college kid, or just like to cougar hunt, you'll fit in here. It's never disappointed me!
You have to get the seafood dip! That will definitely bring me back. My boyfriend got the pull pork sandwich which he said was one of his favorite meals when we were out in Vegas. I got the turkey burger, one of the best turkey burgers I've had. It had a lot of flavor and it was huge. The manager came out and chatted with us for a little bit which I thought was nice :)
My husband and I ate here yesterday and we were pleased. We weren't really that hungry, but we felt like eating something small. I ordered the lava shrimp, it was spicy, but really tasty. My husband is a quesadilla lover, so of course, he ordered the quesadilla. He liked his food as well. I ordered a strawberry ice cream to go for while we were walking back to our car, and I think I just found my new favorite ice cream place. it was so good, real strawberries in it made it even better :) . . I was really considering getting one of their frozen drinks, but it was way too hot yesterday to drink, but next time I'm around there, I'll be sure to get a girly drink :) Hopefully it wont be so hot out so I don't get dehydrated quickly ;)
The food was better than I thought it would be.  Our server Vanessa was great.  You have to try the Cheeseburger in Paradise.  Cooked to perfection.  We didn't order the nachos but we saw them coming out of the kitchen.  If you are hungry then order this item.
Best best coladas
Fantastic margaritas and awesome atmosphere!!. . We came here at about noon on a Sunday.  We got seated in about 15 minutes indoors (it was gorgeous outside, so there was a really long wait for a table out there) and we spent the time shopping in the store.. . The service was a bit spotty.  It took about 10 minutes for our waiter to notice we were even there, and then another 20 minutes for our drinks to come out.  I had also ordered a salad with my meal, and I had to flag him down about 30 minutes after I ordered it to ask where it was.  I mean, it was lettuce and tomatoes--not that serious.. . But all in all, the food was good (super delicious nachos!!) the landshark and my margaritas were amazing, and the atmosphere made you almost not care that it took 30 minutes to throw lettuce on a plate.  Almost...
Good place but really loud. The food and drinks are good with large portions. If you want it more quiet go to the roof. Its much more quiet with a good view
Our last several hours spent in Vegas were dedicated to visiting Margaritaville for both a good meal and drinks. We were also expecting to be able to get our hands on the tall, long margarita cups that we assumed were sold here, but we were disappointed to find out that we were at the wrong place for this. Nonetheless, it did not prevent us from having our final meal in Vegas.. . Upon arrival, we noticed a handful of people waiting to be seated and hoped that it wouldn't be a long wait as our flight departed in a couple hours. Luckily, from the time we requested a table to actually being seated, it was no more than 15 minutes. Our server assisted us within 5 minutes of being seated and took our drink orders. There were a variety of drinks to choose from; I ordered the Big Rita on the rocks and also was interested in the Mango Frozen margarita. Both were excellent and brought to us 5 minutes after ordering them. We didn't order appetizers but it was really amazing seeing what the Volcano nachos looked like at the table next to ours. One word describes them: humongous! As for our food, we ordered burgers, quesadillas, and a chicken burger, all of which came with fries. The food was much better than expected and delicious. The burger was full of flavor and went perfectly with my drink. . . The staff was friendly, the portions were generous and the overall quality excellent.  The prices are reasonable with the drinks always being expensive as with the rest of Vegas.
1. nachos were AMAZING!!! and you definitely can share them. 2. margaritas were AMAZING!!!! they had my god mama and my mama feeling gooooood. 3. they have MIST which definitely helps in 100 degree weather. 4. waitress was AMAZING....and cute lol. . We go every year EVEN if its not a happy hour or whatever bc the prices arent bad but I DO RECOMMEND RESERVATIONS if possible bc that place is always packed
The Mr's Uncle comes to town 3-4 times a year and stays next door, every time he comes to town we meet here for dinner to catch up on what's going on.  Mrs gets the cobb salad or the pulled pork sandwich every time, nether will disappoint but the salad always sends us home with left overs.  The Mr enjoys their fish entrees and on occasion the nachos.  HOLY COW the Nacho's are ridiculously massive, there is no way any one person probably not two full grown starving men can finish these in one sitting!
Fun place to eat when your here on vacation or are in tourist mode.
As basic burgers go, this place is the best. I ordered nothing but a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, and it was the BEST BURGER I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE. The burger is cooked to order and extra juicy. The fries are grilled perfectly, and for a place as poppin' as Margaritaville, service was fast. . . Great location if you started your night out early and need a place to grub and hydrate before taking on the rest of your evening. Don't even get me started on the live band playing classic rock and Jimmy Buffet covers for most of the night. They were a great addition to the island feel.
This is a nice place to get away from the typical clubs on the strip. I can only take so much of the club scene before I want to go to a regular bar. I went over the 4th of July weekend and there was no line or cover charge to get in. The house band was playing, mostly hits from the '80s, but it was good.
Loved it! Ordered my virgin daiquiri in a mini-blender (I'm pregnant) and was a happy girl! Bartender was very friendly and made sure that no one took my seat since I was pregnant and couldn't stand long. Will definitley go back!
I hit this restaurant up for lunch one afternoon before heading down to the Flamingo pool.  . . They have a series of amazing decks that overlook the Strip.  I thought it would be a great idea to sit out on one of those decks forgetting that Vegas is hot in June.  Don't be tempted by the bright lights of Vegas if you are eating here for lunch.  You might suffer third degree burns.  . . On the more positive side, the food was great.  My wife and I were looking for slightly more healthy options after having enjoyed a buffet the night before.  We ordered a chicken sandwich and grilled chicken salad.  Both were great, especially the salad.  We even dipped our sandwich in the salad dressing.  Food prices are average for Vegas (which means higher than the rest of the world).. . Our server was fantastic.  Just a genuinely nice guy who spent time chatting with us about our trip.  . . I might just become a Parrot Head yet...
This is a must eat place for us everytime we visit LV just cuz of the drinks.. And it close to our hotel... Get the jambalaya!!!
great nachos!  went well with our pitcher of margarita.  loved the 80s cover band performance.  we were entertained =)
Ohhhh Margaritaville, how I adore your carefree camaraderie. If only life were as simple as it is on one of your barstools! This has always been one of my favorite places to wile away an afternoon in Vegas, sipping on Bama Breezes and chatting with fellow imbibers.. . Given my lifelong obsession with Jimmy Buffet, Margaritaville is my home away from home. The drinks are DELICIOUS (although I wish they had larger sizes for some of the yummy specialty frozen drinks -- and a little more liquor in them), and the food is good (not fabulous, but good)..  . I made several stops here on this particular trip - for drinkies and food, and it didn't disappointed. You also get little shows here, so there's a lot of entertainment value.. . I love you Margaritaville - lord knows I'm helping to line Mr. Buffett's pockets with my frequent patronage. :)
Had this review saved up for awhile...lol. . The first restaurant I ate at for my first time at Vegas (woo EDC! EDC!). . It was SUPER busy, but no one wanted to sit outside because it was hella hot and we said we didn't mind so we got sat right away. The food was pretty decent and for as busy as it was, it came out in a decent amount of time. I forgot I we drank but it was frozen. And on a hot day, nothing beats frozen drinks and booze.
My friends and I stopped in here at about 11 pm/12 am after our drive in from so cal. We wanted some drinks, but we were too tried to go dancing. We were staying at the Flamingo, so Margaritaville sounded like the best plan. Turns out we picked right! Well, minus the loud and not very good cover band - equipped with people dancing awkwardly. Because we came in so late, we didn't have the experience of the long lines and just sat ourselves down immediately. . . Our server ran over and explained the kitchen was closing soon and let us throw in an order of volcano nachos quickly. The two lightweights of the group opted for frozen margaritas, the other two of us who can handle our liquor went for margaritas on the rocks. They were a little pricey at $8, but nothing outrageous (especially for a big-time tourist spot like this place). The volcano nachos are enormous and delicious. Good place to knock back a drink and eating some seriously huge and greasy bar food. I like this place and would go back next time I'm in Sin City.
Come for the drinks but don't stay for the food. Overpriced and just okay. But the drinks are delicious and makes this place my first stop in Vegas every time.
We always stop here when in Vegas and this time we just grabbed some seats at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  Our bartender was super friendly and basically made me double rum drinks when I asked him to for the regular price.  Always fun to hang with other Parrotheads at Margaritaville!
best fish tacos ever
This was the first place we ate in Vegas. The decor is fantastic- we really enjoyed the stage, boats, and animals all over the restaurant. This probably goes without saying, but the margaritas really are the best! We all got a different kind, and they were all delicious. . My dinner was just ok- I'm a vegetarian so I went with a veggie burger. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special either.
If your looking for a cool ambiance, a break from the tables/machines, don't have much patience for long lines at clubs/bars, just want to grab a bite and a drink, listen to live music or maybe even bust some moves on the dance floor.. then you may want to keep this place in mind. This place lies in the middle of the mega hotel/casinos on Las Vegas Blvd, its multi-leveled, upper floor open dining area (great view of the casinos, people and action along the strip), features live bands, alcohol and decent food! . . Volcano Nachos: includes chili cheese, guac, sour cream, ooey gooey cheeses, jalapenos, tomatoes and scallions.. Optional grilled chicken and fajita steak. opt for the griled chicken and fajita steak (we half chicken and steak). Its a massive amount of one of the ultimate starter nachos I've had! Great to munch on while sippin' on a drink and it should satisfy at least 4 people!. . Jimmy's Jammin' Jamabalaya: Cajun rice, shrimp, chicken, and andouille sausage "simmered in a spicy broth".. Does that sound good or what! I've only had a few versions of Jambalaya and never been disappointed. Their version more than satisfied! The rice absorbed the broth and married its flavors into all the meats making every bite, flavored packed! Not only super tasty, portion could be split with another person. . . Servers/Bartenders were always giddy and helpful. Value of dining was good and most of all the location is hard to top!
Being a local, We do not venture to the strip much.  Yesterday We were in the area and stopped by Margaritaville.  I am very happy I did.  First off it is a cool place that is dressed up like a beachy ocean dock area, with Jimmy Buttett music playing. Better than the atmosphere was our waitress, Randie, I have not had service this good in quite a while.  Since this was my first visit I asked for a few hints on what was good.  She started us with nachos, really good nachos, I mean really good. After this I was pretty much full.  However, she said I needed the Hamburger in paradies.  She was right.  My friend got wings and we spilt.  Wings were cooked perfect nice and crispy. And by the way my iced tea never was empty, that means a lot.  So in the end Margaritaville was really good and service was awsome. Thanks Randie and Margaritaville for a good lunch. 4 stars for food 5 stars for service.
Average food, BUT enormous, seemingly unending margarita towers and the prices are low. Come drunk, leave drunker, stuff your face, and party.
A very interesting place on the strip, located next to Flamingo and right across the street from O'sheas. You can either go to the bar, which overlooks Caesar's Palace or the restaurants which is uniquely decorated. Very colorful and scenic surrounding. Kind of a tight squeeze to get around, but its manageable. . . The wife and I came here for dinner, after watching a show at O'sheas. Of course the usual wait for dinner, since it was a bit crowded at the time. But it seems to be reasonable time to wait. It is on the crowded part of the strip, so you got people coming and going. But impressed on how things are handled. . . The wife and I, mainly had one thing in mind. Is to attempt the Volcano Nachos that was a well known dish for Margaritaville. We wanted to see for ourselves on how massive these nachos are. From the looks of it, we should of invited 3-4 more people to help us finish the nachos. In my opinion, it was really good. Wish I could of finished it, I hate wasting food. The nachos over exceeded our expectations, so I have to give credit where credit is due. Even though the Volcano Nachos was a lot of food, we needed more flavor and we just ordered more. I ordered the shrimp, which was good and had that coconut twist, which made it delicious. I was able to eat all of it, and was able to swipe at the nachos still. But there comes a time where I had to throw in the towel and admit I was full. . . Overall, I like the place cause it was fulfilling. I did enjoy the kindness of the staff. Depend on when you go, depends on the wait. Since we did go during dinner time, I usually give the waiters 10 minutes to come around and it seems like they been on top of things that night. The Nachos were good, but I would suggest to order it, if you have a group of people, other than you and one other person.
Good Jamaican Jerk wings, big onion rings, and Cuban Sandwich was pretty good. Price wasn't too bad, our server Stacy was nice. Went on a Saturday afternoon so it was busy, waited 30 mins for a table, but we sat upstairs facing the strip view so that was cool.
Loud, fun place.  The food is good, especially the catch of the day fish sandwich. Speciality drinks are expensive, but good and cold.  Fun to sit at the bar and listen to the music.  if you are lucky to be seated upstairs, you will have great views of the strip.  Recommend for a quick drink and lunch.
Margaritas, music, average food, fun times, the Flamingo Hotel, I must be on vacation. This is my favorite tourist trap to eat at when we are in Vegas. I love to have Margaritas before noon, truly the breakfast of champions. . . I have to start with staff and the great service they provide, keep up the great job crew. They seem to be happy working here and it shows. My kids love the people on stilts making balloons for everyone young and old. Funny hats, animals, swords, and "special" balloons for bachelorette parties. Cover the kids eyes.. . My wife and I think the food is okay. We usually order some cheese burgers or chicken fingers for the kids, my wife likes the coconut shrimp, and I will try some fish tacos. What we really enjoy are the nachos, they are the bomb!  Be warned, the nachos are a meal of their own. . . What gives this joint the 4 stars is the vacation atmosphere and the Margaritas. Must tries are the Perfect Margarita, the Pink Cadillac, the Pomegranate, and the Who's to Blame Margarita. I guarantee, after you try all of them you will be in paradise.
There are some restaurants in Vegas that flash tourist trap, tourist trap, and yes we fell into this one.  WIth a coupon for $5 off from our hotel, we had our first meal in Vegas at the famous Margarittaville.  It's not the same as going to the one in Jamaica where you are in a hot locale and it seems like the right place to hear Margarittaville but the menu seemed the same. You walk in and you are likely to see large screens with either music videos, or recordings of Jimmy singing in different venues.  It's a bit loud but that is to be expected.  You'll probably see one of 3 people on stilts walking around.  I'm not really sure their purpose besides being available for picture taking and the occasional dance to a song.. . I decided on the fish tacos; two tacos with lettuce, grilled fish, and sour cream, served with chips and salsa for $15.99.  The fish could have used a little more flavour but overall they were pretty tasty.  My husband ordered steak and I asked him to add the coconut shrimp for an extra $6 so I can try it.  Three shrimp with a tangy sauce accompanied his meal and they were good but I was glad it wasn't my meal as it would have been too much shrimp and sauce.. . I don't think this place needs to be visited more than once during a stay in Vegas and once every few years is probably enough considering all the great places to eat.  But this time, I wasn't disappointed and our server was friendly and provided great service.
stopped in here late night to get a drink with a friend while our friends were gambling in the flamingo.  the bartender was really nice and answered our questions about their drinks really well.  I would say stay away from their 60 ounce margarita as it is like $60 or something crazy like that.  we just got regular size ones, but the bartender made like 2/3 of the cup tequila which was awesome, and that drink did the job for getting us really hammered ontop of everything else we had to drink before that
This place rocks. It's a tons better than the Margaritavilles in Chicago and Nashville, It is comparable to the one I've been to at Niagara Falls in Canada though. . . This place is huge, it has a Casino [of course] and a cute little bar off to the side on the sidewalks side for the passerby's on the strip to stop in and have a drink. They offer these amazing blends called "Booze in a Blender" all of them are sooooo good AND they get the job done without you even knowing! :] . . The food is the same as all the others so I deducted a star for the lack of  a "WoW" moment but otherwise the staff is really friendly and courteous. The atmosphere is great as well, and although Vegas is surrounded by a dessert the shipwrecked theme somehow fits a lot better in here. . . What you should definitely try to do though is go upstairs! You see a big chunk of the strip as you sip on your beverage of choice, so beautiful!!
I stayed at the Flamingo, and figured that coming here would be a awesome place to get some grub. It may be a little touristy, but who cares.. you aren't from there! I got to Tropical Margarita GUAVA flavor and it was really good. Just a good balance of alcohol, tequila, and guava ! Blended of course! I was feeling a little ill so I ordered the tortilla soup which was pretty okay. My friends ordered the seafood mac and cheese and it had "perfectly melted cheese both white and yellow cheese with the crisp" It was so good they talked about it all weekend. . It was also fun to see someone come out of a volcano and slide into a giant pitcher! . Since it was touristy, prices were not cheap. $10 margaritas, and 20+ for mac and cheese! go figure :)
Great view of the strip from the rooftop bar and dining.  MUST GET the nachos!!!
Enjoyed some massive $55 margaritas with a tap on the bottom.  It took 6 of us about 30 minutes to drink the damn thing!  I guess we were at the restaurant bar, not to be confused with the 5O'clock Somewhere Bar about 25 yards south on the strip and closer to the actual casino.  Nice balcony overlooking the strip.  Try the Bahama Mama and you'll find yourself wondering why you can't see straight after about two.
Had the fish tacos. They were good but you only get two and a plate full of chips.
Nachos meet hangover. Hangover meet  nachos. The nachos were good and a massive portion as advertised. Served four of us and bom diggity were they! It's pretty busy in here, but so is the whole strip. I've had a couple of the drinks and they were all tasty. . . I picked one of the drinks and the waiter advised I get anything else haha. Good lookin bro, I guess? Anyways all in all a good experience.
You lookin' for patio seating, unpretentious folks and a serving of nachos the size of a shrub? Margaritaville.. We waited about 15 minutes for a seat on their third-story patio on a warm sunny day. As we had just visited Fat Tuesday in the Forum Shoppes, that 15 minutes went by nice and quickly. Once we were seated, I decided that double-fisting wasn't a bad idea and ordered the Woman On Top (their version of a skinny margarita). But wait! The server came back and said they were out of the low-cal ingredients for the drink, so I sadly ordered a normal margarita. Maybe it's standard policy, maybe it was a mistake, or maybe it was the pathetic look on face... not sure what caused my good fortune, but when the bill came... no margarita to be found! Thanks, unknown server!A party of four of us couldn't even finish the nachos that came about 15 minutes after ordering. Had we all been a bit more tipsy, I'm sure we might have finished... but even that's debatable. Trust me, four large hungry guys would be perfectly satisfied with these.. It's not the fancy-uppity-atmospheric Vegas that most people flock to the Strip for... but for a midday stop for your aching feet, a snack in your belly and a drink in your tank, I would definitely consider Margaritaville.
This is always our first stop in Vegas. Great drinks, the upstairs bar is perfect no matter the time of day.  I suggest the nachos.
Awesome staff. Our server, Nicole, was such a dear. Despite her being so busy, she would always drop by our table every now and then to ask us how we were, occasionally staying to chit-chat for a bit. . . My family was seated at a comfy booth overlooking the stage. This was at about 9:30pm. The lights were dimmed and when we noticed that the spotlight was aimed at the stage, we knew there was going to be a live band and couldn't contain ourselves. Before delving into the restaurant's ambiance, I'm pretty sure my parents would agree with me that the food was pretty savory - although nothing out of the ordinary to be honest. We had a triple decker sandwich that came with fries, crab and corn chowder as well as buffalo wings. Except for the soup, definitely try out the other 2 orders. . . Music started at 10pm sharp and went on for an hour. I was very impressed with the band's line-up and still couldn't quite get over the fact that they sang one of the hardest and my most favourite songs - More than a feeling by Boston. Sure, it was pretty loud but what would you expect at a Vegas restaurant? We didn't really get a chance to talk while the band played which helped us channel our focus solely on the food. I guess that's a good thing. Overall, I would recommend people to try out the place. Just take note of this; if you like a more mellow ambiance, try getting to the restaurant earlier in the day.
Definitely a great surprise, good food, good service and atmosphere.Although other reviewers have said it was not recommended for children, we had a 1 year old with us for lunch and were seated in a quieter corner and no problems.Fish tacos, Seafood Mac and margraitas all tasty.Very friendly!
this place is tons of fun, good food, & good prices! they have music playing and a quick little skit every hour or so. after the skit, they offer $5 specialty shots for the following 15 minutes! our server was fun and made our night! i would definitely come back next time im in vegas!
Considering the crappy service we received elsewhere, we ended up eating at Margaritaville twice during our trip. We had great service both times and I was pleased with the food! . . The first time I had a bbq turkey burger which was really good. Normally turkey burgers can be on the dry side but it was really moist and tasteful! The second time I got the Mahi-Mahi and it was AMAZING! I really enjoyed the meals there and the drinks were great!
this review is only there breakfast menu! it was great i enjoyed it but im not a huge breakfast person. Waiter was awesome and food came out fast. nothing great about this place. the only reason they dont give 5 stars is because they want 35 buck for a margarita. come on i know its vegas and everything is marked up. but jesus that is way toooo much.
My boyfriend and I wandered into Margaritaville after checking out from the Flamingo.  We had time to kill before our flight and I'd read good things about their nachos.  We were seated right away, and our server was cool about us changing tables to be closer to the soccer match on one of the TVs.  We ordered the nachos and fajitas.  Our server warned us about how big their nachos are, and steered us away from ordering anything else.  We're very grateful that he did, because there is no way we could have eaten any more than the massive pile nachos we recieved!  We gave them an honest try and even though we were pretty hungry, we only got through about half of the plate.  They weren't the best nachos I'd ever had, but they were tasty, covered in jalapenos, and a reasonable priced (around $15, which isn't bad for Vegas).  If you order them, plan to split them with 2-4 people and order a side of salsa  to go with it.. . Also, the margaritas were tasty, as they should be.
My girlfriends and I decided to get some lunch here. It was my first time coming here and love how they decorated the restaurant. It kind of reminded me of rainforest cafe. My friend and I decided to split the nachos and we ate maybe a quarter of it. It was ginormous and delish!! Their drinks were fruity and pretty tasty.
Stopped here for a late lunch and some refreshing beverages and had the best nachos and mojitos ever! Will def be back next time we're in town :)
Great place to relax. Good bar food, folks having a good time. Laid back atmosphere.
Wife and I had a great evening at Margaritaville. Lots of ice cold Land Shark and excellent strong drinks. Seafood Mac & Cheese was a real hit. Loud music, cool videos and great service and free entertainment.
good food, great prices, perfect casual spot along the strip!
I have been dying to visit this place for awhile. Like since I turned 21, but the whole avoiding the strip thing kinda got in the way.. . Anywho -  I went on Saturday around lunch time and we had about a 15 minute wait. Not bad for the strip. We waited a good 10 minutes after we were seated for our server to come by. She recommended the Bahama Mama, which was awesome! It almost tasted like a 50/50 bar, but it had an interesting kick to it. We settled on the nachos for our entree. It looks huge, but I will say that 70% of the nachos is chips. They were still really tasty, and we had leftovers. We indulged and ordered dessert - the brownie. It's chocolate and ice cream - no point in reviewing that. Of course it was delicious!. . Overall, I really liked this place. I hope that I can convince one of my buds to join me soon.
Yes it's gimmicky - but isn't that why you go? This place always has a fun atmosphere whether it be for a quick drink (The Pink Cadillac is delicious) at the wrap around bar or grabbing a table late night by the stage where there is a live band, either one is a good time! Of course if you're a huge Jimmy Buffet fan there are plenty of souvenirs in the gift shop that you have to walk through to get to the bar. I almost got suckered into something because it's all such fun stuff. The food menu was quite large and the pulled pork burger was amazing!!! The bun was loaded with so much pork you would barley see it. We sat at the bar so the service was great, friendly and fast bar tenders. Oh, and try to count how many times they play "it's 5 o'clock somewhere"  haha those poor bar tenders!
My brother in law is a huge Jimmy Buffet fan so we had to go, we had the nachos for a starter which were huge and the fish tacos as our main, very tasty, the drinks were strong and really hit the spot and the service was excellent, my sister got a monkey balloon hat which she was very pleased about, be prepared for a wait no matter what time you go, it gets really packed.
This place was exactly what I expected it to be. . . Palm trees, nautical nicknacks, colorful margaritas in oversize glasses. There were even an airplane and water-slide, though it's not open to patrons, which is just a tease. There is a show that they put on where a girl dressed as a mermaid dances around and slides down the water-slide and into a vat of "margarita," which I'm sure is just water. FYI ... the tub of water that she slides into isn't very flattering for the girl. The distortion that the water created made me feel better about my own body lol.. . The margaritas are good, as is to be expected. I had a regular margarita with a premium tequila since it was on special that night (it was a Wednesday). Very tasty. We didn't order entrees, but we did get a gigantic plate of nachos. And when I say gigantic, I mean GIGANTIC. One order of nachos could feed a small army, so keep that in mind. The nachos had chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, and green onions. Very tasty! . . Margaritaville is a fun place to stop in for a bite to eat and a margarita!
As soon as we checked in to our hotel, we dropped off our stuff and headed straight to Margaritaville. We sat down at the bar, ordered a bucket of beer and a couple of margaritas. The nachos are huge and are really delicious. We really started off our Vegas trip great by coming here. I had been here once previously and had the same experience, just a great time.
Awesome time with the family. I mean the tequilla didn't hurt, but it was good food, good music and live entertainment.  Mt three boys loved the dancing betty in a swimsuit.  Kinda pricey though.
Definitely very entertaining! I had the best original margarita! Service was awesome! Shannen was the best server we had for the week that we stayed in Vegas, and we ate out Everyday!!! Thanks again to the staff and a great show!!! I will definitely be back
Always a good time!  Since I was last here in April, it seems like maybe the menu has changed because I didn't previously notice that they had many vegetarian options.  This time around, they had several veg-friendly options and even had marked on the menu which items could be made vegetarian.  Kudos on that.  However, I had a chicken salad minus the chicken and was charged the same price... not a huge issue but surely the chicken would have been more costly than the lettuce, sugared pecans, and mango?  In any case, the food here is always good and I love the nautical ambiance.  Service was on par the Monday evening I visited and there was no wait for a table.  The outdoor dining space is excellent as well with a fun view of the strip.  My only issue with Margaritaville is that it is always freezing cold!  I almost always prefer to eat outside when possible since I won't be shivering throughout my meal!
I've been to several locations and this one was by far te best. The bartenders were friendly who made really strong margaritas. My favorite part is the cat walk that you can drink your drinks on and yell at people on the street walking by. Always a good time.
This was my first time here and to be honest i was not impressed. The prices were so so, on the food and drinks. but there was a 20 minute wait to get inside and once inside so many things were going on it was hard to have one point to have during your meal. servers were nice and i cant say the food was bad, but my drink was a little weak on the liquor and for 11.00 it should be pretty stiff. There is a small show that's nice to watch that happens like every 30 minutes. Don't think i would come back but its a good experience at least once.
Really awesome atmosphere.  I had a burger, and I wasnt expecting much, but it had great taste and was cooked perfectly.  My fiance had the grilled chicken and she enjoyed it very much.  She also had a Volcaneo margarita which was smoking, so that was pretty cool too.
Second time here, and this one was for breakfast. Everything seems to be about alcohol, so we tried a mango margarita, and it was great. Can't say that about the breakfast selection. I wasn't impressed, but of course, will be back. The atmosphere. is great and so is the gift shop.
Great drinks and atmosphere.  But the management needs to get some better employees or monitor the service.   That aspect is soso.  Management fails
I've always wanted to eat here just for the ambiance and the drinks, and walking by this weekend while in Vegas we decided to check it out. There wasn't a wait which was perfect and we were seated right away. The service was awesome. Drinks were STRONGGGG....holy crap were they strong. So many combinations it was hard to choose! I ended up ordering the Buffalo Chicken Bites to eat and they honestly weren't great. However, my other girlfriends ordered the Seafood Mac & Cheese and it was TO DIE for. I think I ate like, half of theirs. The portions are HUGE too, we saw someone order the nachos and I couldn't believe my eyes haha. It was a good time! I'll be back for sure, maybe at night next time.
Came here several times.  Once at breakfast (steak and eggs), and came back in the afternoon for more drinks.  It was a fun atmosphere and girls go swimming in huge blenders...Sweet...Anyways good place to hang out and have some drinks.  See you next time Margaritaville.
I think this would have been a five star if we'd have had the nachos and a cheeseburger. As it was, we shared a club and the teriyaki chicken. It was decent.. . But let's face it-we came for the ambiance, the music and the BOOZE-and margaritaville did not disappoint! I say drink first - eat after.
Really great margaritas, especially the "Perfect Margarita" my waiter tried to talk me out of getting it because it was too "strong". Well, it's not and in fact it will give you the best buzz ever.. I love the volcano nachos, super awesome and big. It's basically like a meal, and the burger was pretty good too.. Service was slow, and our waiter was a doushe, but I really liked it.. Keep an eye out for the volcano blowing! (apparently a mermaid is supposed to come out of the volcano, but that didn't happen during my visit there)
I'm going to start off by saying that I F'ing LOVE Margaritas. So naturally I love coming here every time I'm in Vegas. The Margaritas were delicious and the selection is pretty darn massive. I like to come here and chill out to get away for the shoulder to shoulder crowds and throw down some delicious Tequila. Side Note: While ordering my margarita at the bar some older man pulled out an 8 Ball of Cocaine and proceeded to cut it up on the bar WAHAHAHAHAH F'ing Vegas.
My friend and I came here for dinner, we got buffalo chicken wings and the nachos. As for drinks. I got the strawberry daiquiri and my friend got fins to the left, which is a margarita which has blue curacao. She said it was tasty and the strawberry daiquiri was tasty as well. The nachos were huge! perfect for hangovers. Great Service and Great food.
Friendly staff...good service...alcohol is a little low budget...just doesn't appeal to me for some reason....except the walk up bar...guess I have to give it 4 stars because they are so good though...
Cocktails and margaritas were great, the basic cheeseburger was tasty and the fries were surprisingly good.  Was there on a Friday night and the live band was great with all types of covers from Journey to Beatles to Florence and the Machine.  I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't all Jimmy Buffet music and old people in Hawaiian shirts :)  Will go next time I'm in Vegas!
The server was super friendly and timely. I got the chicken quesadillas while one friend got the coconut shrimp and another the loaded nachos. The food wasn't that good, it was okay, but the portions are HUGE! So if you've got a good appetite this may be the place for you. . . I also liked the vibe of the place. It was nicely decorated with a beach bum theme. The hosts though, weren't paying any attention and you could easily seat yourself.
Went here April 13, 2013 during the day....It was so much fun! Our server did a great job. We asked him what was the best drink to get and he said the "Perfect Margarita"....and it was perfect....all alcohol and some lime juice. WOW. Loved the music, the atmosphere, and the nachos.. .  One of the best parts ( and after drinking 2 Perfect margaritas) was going outside on the balcony and high-fiving people walking by. hahah....
The Nachos is really good!!! And it is so so Big good for 2 people try it out. I go back all the time to get the Nachos it is  the best
I'm really glad we decided to dine here. There was a bit of a wait at 6:00 on a Tuesday, but we expected it. After we were seated, our server came over and asked if we wanted to hear the drink specials. After he described the sangria (we are not wine drinkers, so we don't usually order sangria) we ordered a pitcher of it, and it was awesome. Our server was great, and very personable. They have people walking around on stilts making conversation and entertaining people. I thought that was a little odd, but they seemed nice. There was a little show during the dinner where they make the volcano "erupt", and the girl slides into the giant blender. It was fun and cute. . . I ordered the jerk chicken sandwich, and it was great. Great flavor, but a little on the messy side. My partner in crime ordered the diablo burger. To both of us, it seemed a little bland and definitely not spicy. . . Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience.
Great steak fajitas!!! I was super hungry after a night of cocktails & craps..I like the liveband and the decor, we'll def be back next time.
Steak fajitas and margaritas were solid. Next time we are getting one of those monster orders of nachos!
Bartenders were awesome, had a great time here. Stood outside watching people walk up and down the main strip. Never had trouble getting a drink, good music and comfortable atmosphere.
I hate this place. I hate it because I could be checking out a different restaurant but there I am, always coming back for those freaking nachos! Ok, next time i will try and skip Margaritaville but I won't make any promises!
Here's my FAST review:. Food:  Good for the price. Ambiance:  Nice boat theme. Service:  Average, not bad, but not outstanding either. Thought:  (Spoiler Alert) I hope you enjoy music by James Buffett, b/c you will get lots of it! lol
I really enjoyed this restaurant and have been there several times.   This time service was slow slow slow in the bar.  Could have been that we were seated next to a giant party.   Other wise ambiance is fantastic, love the music....the decor.  Service is friendly.   Make a reservation if you can as this place fills up fast!!!!!
This was my first time at Margaritaville. They had cool decor. I thought the boat tables and volcano were cool. We shared the Jamaica Mistaica chicken wings as an appetizer. Theywere really good! The sauce was tasty, just a little kick - not really spicy at all. I got the fish sandwich - blackened. I wasn't expecting anything great, but there were two big pieces of fish on my sandwich. It was really good, and the seasoning was delicious. My friend ordered the taco salad, and it looked delicious. She said it was. We were both surprised that we were happy and stuffed before even finishing our meals. I would definitely come here again.
My boyfriend and I stopped in to use a $25 dining voucher I got from our hotel--one staff member highly recommended Margaritaville's Seafood Mac & Cheese, so we definitely had to go check it out. . . We ended up splitting the bowl of Mac since neither of us were too hungry...it didn't look like much, but the sauce was super rich (very tasty) and made the dish very filling. This was probably one of the best bowls of mac & cheese I've ever had, and I was sad I couldn't stuff the whole thing in my face. . . I gotta say, I loved the decor...kinda cheesy, but really fun. As a closet country fan, I loved the crap out of the music videos they projected on the wall. . . AND: the best part of our experience...our server Beth B. kicked ass. She was really attentive, very patient in answering all our questions and making sure we had everything we needed, and made us feel really welcome even though I felt like a total cheapskate for paying with a voucher. But we'll definitely be back next time to spend some real money :D
It was super hot so my friends & I wanted something cold to cool us down. Decided on the Euphoria Daiquiri. Tried the Mango and the Wild Berry. Mango is sweeter and Wild Berry is more tart for those who like it sour. . . I am a lightweight when it comes to alcohol but I didn't feel much after drinking it so it's safe for you one shot wonders out there :)
We always have to make this one of our stops in Vegas!
This is our favorite spot for drinks on the Strip! The Perfect Margarita is truly perfect (and this is coming from a Texan).  The house margarita is a little sweet and weak, so pay the extra couple bucks and get the Perfect.  The Loaded Landshark is good too.  . .  The food is nothing remarkable, and actually my veggie burger was just plain gross.  But the nachos were tasty, and everyone else's salads and sandwiches were fine.  We only had one meal here but came back almost every day for a drink.  Service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere is fun.  Definitely worth stopping in while you're in town!
You can't go wrong with good tequila and great bartenders!
Margaritas- uptown top shelf frozen was great! Heard on the rocks is even better. The perfect margarita was fantastic, small but great.. . Food appetizers were all good and served a lot of. They don't short changeon the portions. Wife ate the coconut shrimp and I had the Monterey chicken sandwich also very good. Service is great as well as cleanliness. If you love Buffet, good food and drinks this is a must do when in Vegas. . . Fins Up!!
Received a reply to my first review so, we went back to give Margaritaville another try.  To my surprise they've changed the menu.  So I tried the fried chicken.  My wife got it in Memphis and said it was great.  Still skeptical of my last experience I tried it.  The chicken wasn't dried out and the mashed potatoes were good.  Wouldn't say it was the best chicken i've had but a major step in the right direction.  Still love the lava lava shrimp.
Great for kids!. . We're on a family trip to Las Vegas with 3 kids (1, 3, & 5) and are always on the lookout for places we can go with them.  We stopped in at 5:30 on a Sunday and it was busy but not packed.  I'd highly recommend the 3rd floor (rooftop) level, they were very accommodating and the kids loved the view.  As it got dark, we could see lots of lights and the Bellagio fountains during some parts of that show.  . . WARNING:  The kids meals are enormous.  We easily could've fed all 3 kids with one meal.  . . We paid just under$100 for the whole family (that included a margarita for both adults).
On our 1st anniversary trip to Vegas, we checked out Margaritaville located in Flamingo. We had the tacos and flavored margaritas which were nice. It was very festive inside with live music. Had fun. This place is recommended for families with kids
We got to vegas early so we hit up this spot for breakfast. Their crispy French toast is so yummy. It's covered in corn flakes and tastes like a churro. Heavenly! . . Unfortunately, they don't serve nachos until 11am and that was the main reason we went there to eat....so we came back later that afternoon and ordered the nachos that we were told were so amazing. . . 3 plates of nachos and two plates of chili cheese fries. In all honesty, I enjoyed the chili cheese fries more than I did the nachos. I found that the tortilla chips were too salty. . . And aword of advice, come hungry or plan to share those plates with friends because they're HUGE!!. . Good service, fun atmosphere, food that's pretty good. 4 stars.
Want a great breakfast/hangover cure? Get the steak and eggs. For less than $15 you'll have a mound of hash browns, eggs, steak, and toast. . . Fun atmosphere. Good drinks. Friendly waitstaff. Reasonable prices for the Strip.
Went to Margaritaville again, and this time had the experience that I expect. I had a Caesar salad again and thankfully the lettuce was not bad this time. As always, loved their margaritas.
As a young 20 year old, I love coming here. I've spent several fuzzy nights here eating and drinking. The food I did not enjoy that much, not a big fan of a sesame bun I guess... . . ONE of the reasons I love the place is obviously their relentlessness commitment to Jimmy freakin' Buffet. Everything screams Jimmy Buffet. But that is all obvious, the MAIN reason I come back to this restaurant is because they have one of my favorite places in Vegas.... In the main bar up front there is a fairly small balcony/outdoor area. Its about 3-4 feet above the strip's sidewalk, with a railing to lean on. In my opinion, the best place in Vegas to people watch. Just low enough to see the faces, just high enough so that people wont hit their heads on your beers.. . .  Some of the best times of my Vegas life have been talking with my friends on that balcony and yelling at pretty girls as they walk by. . . **small tip. Get a LoadedCorona not a Loaded Landshark. Corona bottles have longer necks, fits more tequila.
Fried squeaky cheese. . . It's a saving grace.  I was fairly resistant to coming here, I've seen too much of this kind of thing on Spring Break in the awful parts of Florida and was pretty damn sure the middle aged version would be far worse. But the group prevailed.. . Hey.... it's not so bad in here. We found a table where the music wasn't audible, the drinks weren't priced any worse than any other bar and at least here they pour strong, the a/c worked but not too cold, and then the fried cheese curds arrived. Little salty fatty cheesy blobs of Heaven. . . I won't be wasting away here, but I would come back.
A shout out to our awesome waitress, Jennifer Hales, who provided incredible service!  Good food, great ambience, fabulous margaritas!  Highly recommend the margarita flight!  Your fans, the Birthday celebrants from the bay area.  Jennifer, stay away from the whiskey...  :-)
It's Jimmy Buffet all over the place. It's a little much but it's not unusual since it's Las Vegas and it's a very tacky white people type of place. The server was awesome I forgot her name but she was great. We ordered the blender with the Bahama Mama. It's an alternative if you aren't a fan of Margaritas. It's fruity, gives you that island feel and it tastes amazeballs. We split it with a group of friends and it's about 4.5 drinks, give or take. Pretty tasty stuff and I would come back just for that. Can't say anything about food since we just got that drink.
