Like what other reviewers said, this airport screams "Welcome to Vegas!"  yep... slot machines everywhere.   It's a busy airport but their straightforward and functional layout helps make the flow of people relatively smooth.
i grew up in LAX. my grandparents and a good amount of my family worked, and still works there! so i grew up with hectic airports. as a vegas resident, i enjoy mccarran. its small, its efficient, and its quick.. . my review is based on a flight back home for thanksgiving. we had a 9am flight and got to the airport around 7:30 or so. by the time we parked (we parked at the covered long term parking. if i remember right, $14 a day. we were returning that saturday so i figured we might as well pay the extra few bucks to be connected to the airport) and got through the checkpoints (i got my "don't touch my junk!" badge on foursquare that day), it was almost 8am. the restaurants with a bar didnt open until 8am. i, for one, cant fly sober. not because its badass to drink before you fly, but because i get really anxious and a drink or two before calms me down a bit. . . sure enough, after a drink its time to board our flight. boarding was quick and painless, and we even made it back to long beach a few minutes early! (thats my next review).. . so mccarran - i thank you for being efficient and painless. we will meet again soon once i have extra money to fly somewhere.
McCarran International Airport... The only place in the U.S. you can hop off an airplane at 3 a.m., get a beer, and start playing slots all before you pick up your luggage. Now THIS is an airport that it is ok to get delayed in, there is lots to do while you wait... if you didn't already lose all your dough on the Strip that is! .  . As a Las Vegas local, I don't gamble at the airport, McCarran simply gets me from home to wherever I am headed, and then back to home again. McCarran is great because it isn't all the way on the other side of town, it offers non-stop service to all sorts of cities, and it is laid out in a fairly logical manner. There is plenty of parking, lots of options for food and drink, and free wifi... sometimes. On my most recent visit I was unable to connect. . . Despite being delayed for an hour the last time I flew out of McCarran, without being able to connect to the free wifi, I am still a fan.
I went places from here. I arrived other places. It was good. Security was fast. I was hoping to get that sexy pat-down they were all talking about so my trip could start with a little action, but no luck. They didn't even give me two looks. I am not good enough for them apparently.
I make no apologies for this review, but I love this airport!!! All those glitzy ads while waiting for baggage, slots a plenty during that long walk from the gate, the vastness of it all-a great place to kill time (and lose money).  Good food selections and shops-this is one cool airport!
My mom lives in Las Vegas so I hit McCarran at least once every year.  It seems like something is always under construction there, but you can always get around it.  The best part is that the trip from the gate to my mom's car is very brief.. . It's clean-ish for the most part, though it could use some sprucing up in places.  The biggest section seems to be baggage claim, and it's the only place where you'll find a large collection of people wandering around in confusion.  It's a huge collection of baggage spinners and it's easy to get lost.  It always seems like my bag is there when I get to it, which is nice.. . Right next to the baggage is the door to the parking lot.  Cross one street, one short bridge with a people mover on it, and then another street and there is my mom's car.  Getting in and out of the airport is easy, too, if you can read fast (there are lots of signs).. . Piece of cake!  And the strip is very close to the airport if that's your thing.  There are tons of people ready to whisk you over there for a small fee (or a large fee if you want to go there in style).  It couldn't be easier.. . My mom said they are expanding the airport, so even more change is coming.  It could get interesting.
Pretty dope airport, especially if you are drunk or into gambling.  Hey, where else do you find slot machines inside the airport, right??? . . However, if you are not drunk or not into gambling, or, say you are really hungover or really tired, those blinking slot machine lights, occasional electronic music that they emit, and chit chat of other happy drunk travellers with ultra long plastic cups they are bringing back to their homes after drinking with them during their time in Vegas, might get a bit annoying.  . . Also annoying was that my Gate was WAY on the other side of the airport when I flew in from Indianapolis to transfer here and on my way to San Francisco, and I had to drag my tired self & my carry-on there.  Not too fun when your flight's been delayed and you are traveling solo.. . Having said that, I realize that I am being a bit biased here.  I mean, I am sure if I was there with company and felt like spending some $ on slot machines, the waiting time would've went by real fast : ). . Also on the up side, this airport has decent dining options.  I walked past 360 Burrito and decided to give them a shot.  Their burrito was delicious, and I gobbled them up in the waiting area by my Gate with the insatiable smell filling up the area.  After a while a couple of young Asians disappeared from their group to return with their own burritos too lol : D Oh yeah.  I'm a traveling free advertisement.. . So yeah, if Yelp allowed half stars, I would've given this airport 3.5 stars but their food selections made me feel a lot better, so 4 stars, granted I feel that is a bit too generous.
The only place I feel it's acceptable to have a drink...or more at an airport.
Everyone knows someone who has a last minute slots victory story from McCarran. If you have a gambleholic friend, they wont be able to resist the "ding-ding-ding-ding-ding" and "Wheeeeel offf Fortunnnnneeee" calling you from these machines. . . Food selection is decent, and there are several lounges to get your drink on if you mysteriously didn't while in Vegas. Beware of the typical inflated prices, but after blowing $500 I don't think most people would mind spending a green chip on a burger combo and Starbucks coffee. . . I like that they have painless check-ins with the multi-airline touchscreen computers if you don't have to check in your bags. This airport has the largest taxi wait line area, most slot machines, adult entertainment advertisement I've ever seen and the only one that gets me excited to be at the airport. Very unique. . . $13-$15 taxi rides to a strip hotel, $6-8 (some offer this shuttle service). No free shuttles like Reno :(
Several shops and vending options with tons of charging stations for your portae devices and smartphones
Probably the COOLEST airport because you can drink anywhere! You don't have to stay in the lame bar area. Plus you can gamble while you wait for your flight. Hope there's no delay! HA.. . But the people here do seem kind of rude. Is it just me or is everyone at the airport kind of rude? Eh.
This small airport is doing much better at handling large crowds than in than it did on my first trip to Las Vegas eight years ago. The airport was PACKED with people going home today (1/10/2011) from the 2011 CES convention and in 30 minutes I had my boarding pass in hand and waiting at the gate!!!!! . . There are plenty of shops, restaurants, and slot machines to keep everyone busy while waiting for their plane. Although I have to admit that the best part is that you can drink ANYWHERE in the airport, instead of the lame restriction of staying at the bar area. Although I didn't indulge this time as my flight was at 6:00am.. . This was my first experience with the full body scan and pat-down, I haven't made up my mind yet it if these full body scans are appropriate or not but at least they were used on everyone instead of them being "random" and it also did not slow down the process. My one complaint is lack of access to power outlets to charge your phone or laptop, so you are forced to be on the lookout for a Verizon recharge station. That was my experience at terminal C, by the Southwest gates.
I have nightmares of coming to McCarran. started when our friends missed a flight out a few years back.  I came in for CES/AVN...impressed with how fast IN/OUT I was. TSA seemed seasoned.  Of the 3 airports I strolled through in the past month, the TSA @McCarran impressed me the most.
also wir sind hier gelandet aus Santa Rosa um nach Frankfurt weiter zu fliegen ... ich kan nur sagen zieht EURE Laufschuhe an .. den wenn du zum Internationalen Abflughafen will hat man einen ganz schonen langen Fumarsch durch due gleisende Sonne .... aber trotzdem toller Flughafen !
One of the most organized airports we've seen.  Car rental dropoff center:  buses frequent & organized lines with attendants to keep the pushing to a minimum.  2 stops, we went from the center to terminal 1 in 15 minutes.  Delta has priority member line & bag drop right there.  Security checkpoint has a line for 1st Class, not priority, & the line for non-first class were long, but after ids check, there are many scanners & they seemed to be moving well.  Very short (& frequent) trams to D concourse, short walk even to the furthest gate (D40-43).
This is okay airport, mid size bit handling crowd well. Directions are easy to read and follow, I don't care for the last minute gamble thing at gate but that's just me. . . I just wish the store stay open longer, many flights leave late for east coast, closing shop at 8pm is lame lame lame, no wonder Vegas is for retired pops.
As you fly over the the city, AKA Sin City, a sense of excitement rushes through your body. Let the fun and games begin (and in some cases...let the work conferences begin). It's amazing how many people and different types of people choose to descend upon a place in the middle of the desert and the first thing they see (if traveling by plane that is is McCarran Airport.. . One would think that the glamor and glitz of Vegas would be matched by the airport, but to be honest, this airport is nothing that what awaits the eye on the strip. Old airport, old feel, old fashioned. The only new in the airport would be the banners you'll find advertising the hottest show on the strip and/or the hottest technology company's conferencing on the strip relative to whatever Tech Convention is happening during any given moment.. . The airport is relatively easy to navigate. At times the airport can get packed, so for all those with 6 AM flights after a long night of debauchery, you might want to just head to the airport straight from the club and pull off an all nighter.. . Catching a taxi out to the strip? No problem. The taxis are easy to locate (just outside the terminal) and the long lines go by fast. Be prepared to fork over a good $20-$30 depending on where your hotel is located.. . Free Wi-Fi is a big plus, especially when you want to upload all the pictures taken from the trip...but alas...remember that you can always default to "What happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas..."of course use with caution as word can travel fast.. . Sin City here you come!
What more can I say?  It's an airport with slot machines.. . . (OK, one more thing.  I always stop by Las Vegas Fruits & Nuts in the terminal, on my way to baggage claim.  The chili-lime mango is awesome.  For something sweeter and not as spicy, get the cinnamon apples.  The snacks form LVF&N have gotten me through the munchies while working late-night in my hotel room during the Consumer Electronics Show for a few years now...). . (OK, two more things.  When I leave CES, the lines at security are horrendously long....butt he TSA folks at McCarran have a fabulous way of moving the people through at a very quick pace.  I'm always amazed at how fast I get through such a long line.)
Airport with slot machines?  Only in Vegas!  Check in gets a little crazy seems a unorganized at times.  Seems to have lots of delays at this airport.  I love how a lot of people look hung over here.  Just reminds me of what fun we had during our Vegas trip.  There are plenty of restaurants and bars to hang out here so I don't mind being delayed here.
As an Oregonian, I'm a HUGE fan of our Portland International Airport. However, I can say that Vegas' peeps have a pretty nice airport. . . What I like about McCarran:. . * It's a huge airport. . * Slot machines!. . * Cute shops.. . * Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf!. . What I don't like about McCarran:. . The garbage claim..I meant the baggage claim area is a bit depressing. I think either is the lighting or just the atmosphere made it look like an interrogation room area.
Where else can you walk around drunk and play slot machines or get a lap dance in between flights.. . Only in Vegas, baby. . Only in Vegas.. . JK about the lap dance (What. Did you forget kids fly too?). _______________. [TIP] : Hurting your wallet doesn't just stop at the casinos, spas, or hotels, ..NOOooo it's ALL of Vegas, so that includes airports. Wouldn't be the epitome of Vegas if it wasn't. Shuttle to the Palazzo- $12... Cab to the Palazzo- $18... slice of sbarro- $6... 6" Subway sub- $7 (that's a $14 footlong --gutDAMN!!)
as far as airports go...this is ok cause we only fly SWA.
I love the old school Vegas feel of the airport. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Your in Vegas, grab a drink and post up at slot machine while you wait for your flight. Yeah, I'm a fan.
There's something about stepping off a plane in McCarran International Airport and being greeted by the sweet sounds of slot machines. You are instantly aware you're in Vegas when start walking around this airport, not only because of the slot machines and cheesy gift shops, but also because of the extremely marked up prices on everything. The mark up on items, while insane, isn't really that shocking, which is why I'm not even going to say it's a negative. .           I like this airport because it's very easy to navigate and always seems very clean. Also, they are always very well staffed, the security line, although always daunting when you approach it moves very quickly and efficiently. .          Overall, yes, it's just an airport, but it's a nice one... with gambling.
This great airport is wasted on tired hungover people just wanting to get back home to their normal life.. . The airport has many stores, slot machines and restaurants to choose from but by this point the last thing you want to see are stores, food, booze or a ding ding slot machine.. . Port of Subs is good for bringing a sandwich of your choice on board.  I recently found the Baja Fresh...not as good as the normal chains but it definately hit the spot.  There is a Brookstone which is fun to look at...the gadgets are always cool and it is a great place to kill an hour.  Or you could just ride back and forth on the monorail and pretend you are at DisneyWorld.. . The lines are always long at security...this is never fun...I am sure that this not normal but I am usually here during a convention and I never know what I am going to get when I hit the TSA check point.  TSA definately has some funny videos playing while you are waiting to be felt up...nothing like a little comedy before getting inimate with a TSA agent...they should just play every Julia Robert or John Cusak Romantic Comedy to get me in the mood.. . Not a bad airport to be stuck in...there is plenty of food and plenty of places to sit too...I have never had to search for a seat.
Landing here I'm so excited, that I just can't stand it...I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Me and everyone else. This is a fun airport, from the slots, to the food and shopping, the cute little sculptures before you get to the tram. You just know this is a destination you're going to enjoy. . . The tram is quick and efficient, unlike their baggage claim, which is slower than dirt. Just carry your bag...it's Vegas and people don't dress up the way they used to...and you can bypass that whole mess and get on with your "what goes to Vegas stays in Vegas". The baggage claim is always crowded and noisy, it's like a feeding frenzy or K Mart Blue Light special. I swear, you take your life into your hands while trying to grab your bag off the carrousel.. . BTW...the airport is well marked, so it's hard to get lost here. That's a real plus.. . Flying out is a different story. I'm always suffering from sleep deprevation, usually hung over, and my bank account has shrunk. All I want is to find my gate and get home before I crash. . . There is time to kill however, and I have had some "hair ofthe dog" here. I can recommend the frozen margaritas. There's plenty of places to buy Ethel M (in case you get stranded on the way home, you won't starve).  I once held a vodka and chocolate party in Denver while stranded for the night. That's before they banned you from carrying liquids on board...I always had a bottle of water "wink" with me.. . There's a Body Shop too, and I try to stock up cause we don't have one in Dayton. Damn...my bag is getting heavy. But at least I'm not playing the one armed bandits.. . The security is fast and efficient, and I sincerely appreciate I've never been selected to stand in the "almost naked" scanner or been felt up ...I mean patted down. Whatever. Thanks for that. As airports go, this one is OK in my book.
First time arriving/ departing at this airport. It's great, clean lots of food/shops while you wait. After a exhausting Vegas adventure, I was even tempted to get one of those airport massages/ facial. . . For those that are even briefly interested in aviation and the history of the Hacienda hotel, there's a small half basketball court size museum in the open. Great time to kill reading up on a bit of the history of Vegas. . . As we all would have guessed, what usually kills the airport experience are the TSA staffs, surprising they were very professional and polite given their deceiving exteriors. The lines were decent, not too long, not too short. There was even a McCarran airport homemade video with clowns doing a quick skit to advise passengers to remove shoes. The point being, even thought the video was lame and poorly acted, it's nice to see that the airport have visions to improve the flow of their airport and to convenient passengers. I have yet to see even slight gestures such as this from our horrible LAX.  . . Overall, decent airport.
I like this airport. I love that I'm greeted by the sound of slot machines as soon as I get off the plane...it's like my own little "welcome to Vegas". I've never had a problem with the baggage claim, the airport is clean and well-labeled to make getting around easy, the tram is fast and easy to use, and there are decent shops and restaurants. The TSA staff have always been professional and helpful, and the lines are not long at the check in desk (not that I used them, given the ample self-check kiosks) and at security. Really, there's nothing to complain about...
Nice airport, functional, easy to find your way around. Never love having to tram to baggage claim - but hey - it's quick, so who cares? :) Viva, Las Vegas!
By far my favorite airport of all time! I've never experienced a wait of more than a few minutes at any of the annoying checkpoints such as the check-in kiosk or the always awkward security check. Food and shops are plentiful even though they are insanely expensive. Just a great overall experience for even the most finicky fliers.. . P.S. There is a super secret security checkpoint for gates B and C if you keep walking on the first level until you pass all the airline counters. I've never seen more than 10 people there at any point of the day and the employees always outnumber the actual travelers. I love it!
This place is so much better than LAX. Going through here was a breeze and there weren't any long lines. It's not as big as LAX.. . Slot machines all over the airport, lots of stores, and a few places to eat.
Let's face it: airport security sucks. . . Unless WAYNE NEWTON is on the screen telling me that I'm not allowed to bring liquids through! I don't mind taking my shoes off, being felt up, having my personal belongings searched or being yelled at by mouth-breathers as long as I've got Wayne. Wayne makes everything better.. . Another lovely thing about this airport is that it's right in the city. So when you are leaving, penniless, there's no lengthy ride back on which you have nothing to do but reflect on the mistakes you've made, and sob uncontrollably because you will have to forgo eating next month. . . And if by some miracle you didn't lose your life savings on the craps table, you can blow whatever you have left on the Star Wars slots right there in the terminal.
True to the City of Sin ... this airport is dirty and seedy ... Love it!. . Got through security pretty quick ... nothing out of the ordinary.  I don't know what people expect from airport security personnel ... they hear people bitch & moan all day long ... so it's expected that they'd be pissed off all the time, too.  Grab your crap and move on ... cause it just doesn't matter in the grand scheme of life!!!
Free airport WiFi! Free airport WiFi! Why are there not more reviews for McCarran extolling the free airport WiFi?? This is not something you find at every airport, people!. . Of all the airports I visit all year long, I mind McCarran the least. Oh sure, it's still an airport, and the security line is LOOOOONG here, but there are many worse airports to be stuck in than McCarran. Personally, I wish they would change up the "celebrity"-laden videos they show in the security line, but someone who doesn't travel through this airport as often as I do probably isn't as sick of seeing Rita Rudner telling jokes in the security line over and over again. . . You can't beat the location of the Vegas airport - it's a quick cab ride away from the strip, and there are many different shuttle companies operating if you want a cheaper ride. The monorail to get from security to your terminal and back again is quick and easy, and baggage takes a reasonable amount of time to retrieve (note: I did not say quick, just reasonable). Plus, I always seem to see someone famous at baggage claim, so that's exciting. . . There's plenty to do  in the terminal if the FREE airport Wifi (!!!) doesn't catch your interest - lots of shops, decent restaurants, and of course, plenty of slot machines. In all, it's a surprisingly decent airport which, in my opinion, gets bumped up to four-star level by... what else? The free public WiFi.
It's the newest terminal for McCarran. It's like a mall, it has shops and restaurants. I love how walking through it, you forget that you're in an airport. It would be nice if they have a charging station for your iPods, iPhones, iPads etc.
Going to the airport is never any fun anywhere, and maybe its because this is the Las Vegas airport, but its my favorite in the US.  The happy slot machine sound, and the fact that it has (at least the time of my last visit) free Wi-Fi in the airport.  Sitting in the airport is boring, so sitting in the airport on a laptop browsing the web is less so.  It also has a good selection of places to eat.  Granted, they are expensive, but I can't think of any airport where this isn't the case.. . If I have to fly anywhere, I always feel a little better if its to here.
Gets me in and gets me out the door fast, that's all I care about :)
This airport is never too much of a hassle to get through (for the six times I've been), and has some really nice sleek, modern touches, especially in the D gates, which are only accessed by a very speedy train (and you better grip the handrails pretty tightly). . . Though there's nothing particularly spectacular about the shops and restaurants (think downsized airport versions: Chili's too, Wolfgang Puck Express, etc.), LAS just has a nice relaxed vibe as if to say, "we are such a cool city". . . Finally, there's one more thing that many airports should, but don't have: FREE WIFI! Do I have you're attention now?
Um, who wouldn't like an airport where you can gamble? I have to say that I am not a big gambler, but I did have the opportunity to visit Vegas, and enjoyed the atmosphere emmensely. . So, to start and finish at an airport with slot machines is pretty cool in my book.
Airport with the NICEST people!. They try to be funny and actually smile at you! They don't yell at you to take off your shoes. They just tell you instructions!. With free wifi, restaurants, and slot machines, LIKE =)
I enjoy the slot machines at this airport. I imagine that if I'd never come up even or if I'd gambled away a lot more I would enjoy it less... but it helps to pass the time. . . Everything is pretty well laid-out and the food and beverage selections here are okay. All in all, it's a decent little place.
It's Vegas...   it has just about everything you would expect.  Slots, tons of food options, tourists thrilled to have arrived in Vegas, and those with broken spirits and empty wallets leaving Vegas... Definitely one of the better airports for people watching as well.
As airports go its normal. I do enjoy the slot machines. They are around almost every corner. There are charging stations for your pluggables. The bathrooms are clean. Signage is legible and easy to find.
Greeat shuttle service... Lots of space so it doesnt feel like your boxed in all the time..
I got to the airport super early for my flight and I was dreading the wait. But the free wifi at McCarran was so great and the wait passed quickly. . . Security was relatively fast and the little tram that you take to the D Gates is really fun. . . And if you haven't lost enough money in Vegas already, you can always play some slots while you're waiting to board.
It feels great walking out of the gate and down the escalator to the baggage claim at this airport: the big jumbo screens, color posters, slot machines, it all gets you excited for a great weekend of fun. All car rental companies are at one off-site location accessible by free shuttle bus. Its not a great place on the trip home and yo're trying to find (1) a wall outlet to charge your phone because they just don't exist, and (2) finding a good place to eat, especially during the evening to night (there's a Chili express by the security check-in but they close early).
Actually, one of my favorite airports to fly into. I mean, how can you not like to be greeted by seeing the Las Vegas strip when you touch down, ringing slot machines as you make your way to baggage claim, huge signage all around advertising places to eat and shows to see, and an Elvis impersonator helping some travelors with their bags? I kid you not!. . This airport has a decent enough amount of shops and places to grab a bite to eat, cigar store, slots to lose your money in while waiting for your flight, and the prerequisite souvenier places that seem to dot every airport. One of the cleanest airports I have been at. Bright, cheery, easy on and off cab service, usually quick and efficient security lines, FREE wifi, quick tram to baggage area, and super easy to get to as it is right in the city. Yes, you can make a quick escape with your big winnings, or make a break for it with your last few dollars.. . At least this airport has a sense of humor, as seen by the check in videos at security while waiting on line. Star Trek charactors, Impersonators, Magicians, and others try to get through security with all types of mishaps. It's one last shot of entertainment before getting on that long flight home.. . McCarran Airport is a wonderfully strange and wacky travel hub that lives up to it's city's billing, and totally epitomizes what this town is all about. What happens in Vegas....takes off at this airport!
The minute you step into this place from the plane, you are greeted by the crazy sight and noise of slot machines gaLORE. Wow. Hope you're not addicted to gambling, because flying into and out of this airport will be the anti-rehab for you. . . We went to get our bags, and above the baggage claim area are huge posters advertising the shows, including Chippendales and if I remember correctly, I thought I saw an ad for the Thunda Down Unda.. . One of the coolest thing about flying out of here is its proximity to the strip. It's RIGHT there beside it. We were watching planes fly to and from the airport from our room at the MGM hotel. . . Note: The car rental area is not connected directly to the airport building, so you take a shuttle to the separate car rental building.
They have slots in the airport.  Winning.. . Seriously, there are other pros.  There are short lines, ample flights to anywhere imaginable, and very few delays.  The food selection is also impressive, although I would have liked to see a SoCal burger chain in there, such as In-N-Out.. . The airport cannot expand, though; it's surrounded by the Strip on one side, Sunset Road on another, and residences on the other two.  If they're going to expand, they are looking at a place between Jean and Primm.  Talk about inconvenient.  So how this airport is now will probably be the biggest it will get, unfortunately.. . Very fun airport near ALL the attractions.
Gotta love flying into vegas! Almost the best feeling u get when u enter this airport because there is some sort excitement in the air that hits you. When you arrive to this airport you see the colorful slot machines. The airport is big enough where it isn't so crowded. The baggage claim area is also a good size too. There is alot of people that fly into vegas so sometime you will witness celebs or athletes at this airport. I would say the only thing i don't like about this airport is that the taxi cab line gets very long PENDING what time you fly in. But yeah, there are decent food places to eat but the prices are jacked up a tad higher. The slot machines are fun to have around if your waiting for your flight. It'll give you something to doo. Flying out of the vegas is actually not fun because most of the time you fly out of here your de-hydrated or still hung over from the amazing vegas weekend!
Pretty awesome.. . --Free WiFi!!!!!. . --Baggage claim was fast, pretty much got my bags within 10 minutes of getting off the plane.. . --Great shuttle system to get to car rental center.  Yes, a car rental center!  Just hop on any rental shuttles and they'll bring you to a place with all the rental agencies.  I love not calling and waiting for individual ones.. . --Places are clearly labelled.  I don't get why people think this airport is a maze.  Maybe it wasn't clear in the past.. . --You can gamble.  I choose to waste my money on food, but thanks for the option.. . --Security check was pretty fast.. . --TSA even checks random people after passing security but before boarding the plane.  Kind of makes me feel safer.. . --Good food and shop options.. . --I don't love carpets either but it wasn't really dirty and the bathrooms are well maintained.
I've only ever flown Delta through this airport, but for that experience McCarran really is excellent in my opinion.. . Its bright, big, clean and airy for starters.   Free WiFi is a huge bonus, it can be a little spotty in certain areas, so if it does seem off, try moving around.  I managed to get a decent 2Mbp connection consistently during a very busy bustling period.. . Airport services are run of the mill.  From the restaurants expect high prices, so so quality and completely contrasting levels of service.  There are no fancy restaurants or bars, just the usual chain options - mind you I am endlessly drawn to 'Jody Maroni's Sausage Kingdom' time and time again, more for the name than anything else.. . To cap things off though, when you travel through airport after airport, things start to become mundane and ubiquitous - to see slot machines, Klingons on the TSA's instruction videos while you queue, the Las Vegas strip out the D Terminal windows amongst other things, really can take the edge off the banal and inject a little surreality into the traveling experience.
This airport is so convenient to the Strip. It is also convenient in terms of slot machines strategically placed all around the airport. What airport has slot machines in them? Well this one does. The only other airport that I know of that has slot machines was in Frankfurt Germany. . . They seem to have grown more food choices at McCarran. I do love their tram system. It seems to be quite efficient. Once you finish taking the tram, you walk down the escalator into the baggage claim area. You can either take the inexpensive shuttle or go into a taxi queue and get ripped off. They are actually really good about getting everyone though the security lines since that airport gets so much traffic especially during the weekends.. . Oh yeah, the free WiFi helps pass the time too.
It's hard to provide an objective review of McCarran, I mean... I'm always in a happy mood when I'm in Vegas.  I love VEGAS.  I am here a few times a year and I never have a problem with this airport.  Maybe its the great weather that reduces the amount of possibly flight delays or maybe its just the fact that its Vegas and almost everyone is here for vacation which equals a more fun atmosphere.. . The baggage claim is a large open area, with tons of ads for shows and casinos.  I think that the open atmosphere, coupled with slot machines everywhere create a cool Vegas vibe when you're waiting for your bag.  Then if you are being picked up, its $2 to park across from the baggage claim,its easy to get parking there if you need someone to wait for you after you've arrived.  In addition, the airport is very close to the strip.  . . here's a good tip:  Figure out if your hotel has hotel shuttle from the airport to the casino.  In the past, it was all taxis or 3rd party shuttle vans, but now casinos FINALLY have their own shuttles which saves time and money.
I'm happy with this airport.  Easy to use, plenty of cabs to and from and plenty of seating. I've only had a really long line in security once, and that's saying a lot since I go to Vegas at least one time a year on average.. . There are plenty of food places to check out as well, gift shops and Ethel M's chocolates. Free Wi-Fi is a nice addition as well. . . Large baggage claim area as well. If you're stuck on a long layover, there are plenty of slot machines to play if you so choose. . . Good airport, better city, why not fly in here?
Be aware of the slot machines. They are very tempting to put a little in while you are waiting to get out!
I make it quick. . - overall I think this is a very nice Airport. - nice entertainment, even when you have to wait for your luggage you can watch commercials on the big screen. - your luggage gets to the belt pretty quick. - slots almost everywhere you go to spend some of your money. - lots of shops to spend even more money, if you did not lose it all at the slots. - No rental car pick up directly at the Airport, the bring you in a Bus to the Rental Car Terminal, that sucks since it took more time. . . But other than that a very convenient Airport, I liked it!!
Terminals are usually clean and full of strippers, alcoholics and gamblers that are broke.  There are plenty of places to eat.  There are some shops where you can buy last minute gifts and slot machines if you are bored.
Some of the best people watching in the world. . . Of the old, blonde, fake breasted, spray tanned, unfortunate outfit variety. :).
The TSA videos are great!  A little humor always makes the time in line pass faster. Airport is easy to get around, plenty of options for affordable eats to take on the plane or before boarding.  The best part has to be the  kiosk selling diamond jewelry in the boarding area.  Only in Las Vegas!
I'd give this airport a 4.5,but that's not an option.. . The airport is muchlike the city...24 hours.. . Big...but there's a tram.. . People seem to always be running into you.. . Otherwise good airport
It's a newer airport, with tons of shops and restaurants. It's not too big either, so you're not walking 5 miles trying to find the exit.. . The only thing that royally sucks about it is the line for the taxis. It was a formidably nostalgic feeling of hot summer days at Disneyland waiting to get on Thunder Mountain. Long. Hot. Took Forever. . . Otherwise, it's probably the best busy airport I've been to.
Yes it's bizarre that there are slot machines in an airport, but think about where you are!! I like this airport, the passenger pickup area is super easy to get in and out of, it's a decent size airport and pretty easy to get around. There's some decent restaurants and bars inside and as long as you have your shit together the security lines are never that big of an issue. Plus, this is one of the best airports for people watching I love the freak shows that fly in/out of Vegas!!
No problem here and the sky caps were more than helpful
I think McCarran gets a bad rap. I have never really had a bad experience here. I always find parking, the ticket agents are pleasant, its easy to get through the terminal, the security lines aren't awful (however, I did find out that some TSA agent saw me naked through that new security scanner...hope he liked what he saw). Overall I am a fan of this place because its WAAAAAAAAYYYYYY better than flying out of Philly or LAX.
McCarran is money for me. I like the way everything is set up here, especially since they made the "special southwest only" security check thru area to go to terminal C. Not once have I taken more than 15 minutes to get through security flying southwest airlines, and most times I walk right to the front of the line (maybe that's cause I'm a smart traveler and book days that aren't holidays or busy weekends, just so I can avoid high volume hassles traveling). . The airport is very centrally located in Vegas, as we all know, it's just south and east of the strip. It's easy to get into off the 215 or from Tropicana if you come from that part of town. They have been going through some expansion issues, and have changed the way people drive into the departures and arrivals area and I think that has made the congestion go way down.. . One of the things I love about this airport, is actually not about the airport at all.  One of the reasons I decided to live in Vegas is because I travel a lot and there are always millions of flights in and out that I can choose from and the price is pretty low compared to other airports where I could've chosen to live. Any time I decide to travel I always have lots of options (mostly Southwest and United airlines).. . Another thing I like about this airport is that international travel flies out of Terminal 2, which is completely separate but uses the same runways. That keeps the traveler congestion down in the main terminal, which is huge, because this is always one of the top 5 busiest airports in the US every year. . A quick tip: you have to check in 50 minutes prior to your departure time. I have heard stories of people running late and checking in 45 minutes prior to departure, and the ticketing agent wouldn't let them check in and have made them change their schedule to a later flight to avoid missing the flight. . . The WIFI is free here. The restaurants are all here, whether you want a sandwich, quick lunch, sit down at a restaurant and have a nice meal, sit at the bar, have a drink and watch the game, or just grab a banana or muffin and a bottle of water, this airport seems to have all the choices.. Can't really give an airport 5 stars can ya???. 4 solid stars for me
I become a completely different person in Vegas. Most of us do. We play, we gamble, we watch the sun rise before hitting the hay, and we literally throw money away better than MC Hammer. And apparently, I enjoying long delays for my flight...? . . Well why wouldn't I? The perks to killing afew hours in LAS:. . -The people watching. Those getting off the plane are drunk, excited, and still have a little of that innocence behind their eyes. Those boarding their planes are... still drunk,  though from a 48-hour binge involving some form of grain alcohol, they're typically missing at least one crucial item of clothing, and it's obvious they've seen things. Unmentionable things. . . -SLOT MACHINES. Scrap together the seventy-five cents you have left in the corner of your purse and hit the penny slots. If you win, hey maybe you can replenish a little of that savings account you somehow depleted miraculously in a blink of an eye. And if you lose, well seventy-five cents isn't gonna buy you much else. . . -Drinking. It's just different in Vegas. I'll leave it at that.. . -Easy to get around. I can go from security, which was surprisingly bearable, to having my fanny parked at a slot machine in my terminal in under ten minutes. . . -Mono-rail. Convenient for so many reasons. . . -Free Wi-Fi. How much did I spend at that club at... 5 A.M.?!?. . Quite a pleasant experience for an airport, compared to some. (I'm talking to you ORD.)
I've been to a lot of airports, and this one manages to be pleasant and comfortable and clean without that sterile hospital feel that the other airports seem to be shooting for. And it's got that little Vegas touch, what with the slot machines and all. On the downside, all the dinging noises can get kind of irritating if you're on a long layover. However...and this is a real game-changer in my book...Mcarran offers free wi-fi! YES! I mean...they put wi-fi on the plane and then charge you through the nose for it, you get a layover in other places like, say, Minneapolis where surprise! they want you to pay for it too. Stopping over at the airport in Vegas is a welcome relief just because of this. Also, they have decent food throughout the airport, and the bathrooms are spaced at reasonable intervals (even though I do think they'rea bit small. Ugh bathroom lines.) . . Ground transportation at McCarran is probably the most efficient and cheapest that I've seen. Also, they've moved all the rental car companies to one building off-site, and there's a frequent shuttle bus that will take you there for free. I don't think the airport is terribly big, so it's relatively easy to get around. All in all, not a bad place to fly into or out of or to be stuck at, and the people-watching potential is truly spectacular.
What a delightful airport that is very clean and easy to get around. Surprisingly seeing how the city itself is quite dirty. Slot machine's are located throughout each terminal even in baggage claim and the car rental facility. Our bag's came out very quickly, score let the fun begin. . . They have many stores and restaurants as well. Last minute shopping at some cool places. The staff are very friendly, willing to help you with anything. I had not flown into this airport in years and it was nice to see how organized and clean it was. I also did not remember how big it was, maybe it's just me but it seems they have expanded over the years. . . A true delight flying in looking at the sand dune mountains surrounding the city, what a beautiful sight. Was sad to say goodbye to all the desert beauty. Both flights were on time, with a very friendly staff throughout the entire airport. . . Hmm, most people are tourist flying into this airport, maybe MIA can learn something from them. Would be nice, and this is why I always fly out of FTL.
I have been to many airports around the country and a few across the world. I can rattle off the ones that I would go to great distances to avoid and McCarran is not one of them. . . It may not be the spiffiest airports around, but the staff have always been efficient and considerate. The customer service does not stop at the casinos and businesses, but is apparent even here. . . The routes and markers are clear and very easy to follow. I have never been lost in getting to my destination or late for a flight. The check points always move at a reasonable speed and the tram to the D Gates are prompt.
Coming from Charlotte, I'm an airport snob. This was the best airport I've been in besides Charlotte-Douglas, though surprisingly large. There were a multitude of restaurants scattered throughout, though a very long walk to access them from certain gates. The airport gambling provided something entertaining to watch while waiting for the plane. On this Saturday, the airport was near empty and even the TSA looked bored. Refreshing to have an airport experience that wasn't hectic and confusing.
Coming in and out of Las Vegas seems to be fairly painless.  The nice thing is that its close to the Strip.  A lot of cities like Seattle place their airports so far out of the city it costs an arm and a leg to get there.. . (Btw, watch out for taxi drivers taking you to the strip through the freeway instead of local roads.  It costs about $30 instead of $15 this way! This has nothing to do with the airport but just want to let you know.). . This airport is small so getting in and out is very easy.  The only bad thing is that there's very few food selections! At least in Southwest and Alaska related areas...
I'm not here at this airport for food or the slots... I'm happy with the quick transition of Southwest and Virgin airlines terminals especially baggage claim. I'm here to get out to Las Vegas strip NOT to stay and linger unless waiting for a friend. In short, it's the perfect little spot to depart from and to arrive to.
Free Wi-Fi? Check. $8/day Economy Parking w/ Free Shuttle? Check and check. Short wait time at the security line? Most of the time. Security yelling at you to move at passenger pick-up? All of the time. . Overall, I like this airport. For being an international airport in a bustling city, it's usually quiet and crowd-free, at least when I travel. I like airports in general, and McCarran is no exception. An Ethel M chocolate store, flat escalators, easy navigation throughout the airport, and clean- features in the airport that make me excited to travel from this airport. Of course, it wouldn't be the main Vegas airport without a view of the Strip, slot machines and billboards of shows and hotels. The food options are limited and overpriced. I tried the Mexican restaurant here, and it was not good. I also tried the TCBY/pretzel place, which was okay. . . Dropping off someone at the airport is usually hassle-free. You can park your car at the designated airline section, and help your someone unload their luggage, say your farewells, and watch them leave. But watch out for reckless drivers especially the taxis, and pedestrians in this area. . Picking up someone at the airport is usually my least favorite part of this airport. You could park at short-term parking and wait for your someone at baggage claim or across the other side of the entrance, but this requires a few dollars. Another option is to try your luck and time your someone's arrival exactly, so you can do a fast pick up at the passenger pick-up area. But don't be surprised when a security guard comes with an attitude for you to move. . If you're traveling alone, I would suggest parking in the economy lot and taking the shuttle to the airport to save money. But if your wallets are full from a successful gambling trip, park in long-term parking at the garage. . . One time, my plane was delayed for 4 hours...how did I survive? Free Wi-Fi! Makes time go by fast. If the airport was fancier like some of the other airports I've been to, that would bring up my review to 5 stars. Overall, I like McCarran.
AAAAAAAHHHHHH VEGAS!!!!. . Not bad with the WiFi and all but a confusing airport that seems detached from the real world. But- who cares? You're in Vegas baby!
One of my favorite airports to fly into. Where else can you play slots when you get off the plane or before you leave (if you have any money left) Its a good size airport with lots to do and see. I believe the airport of a city is the a direct reflection of the city itself, well, this place epitomizes (sp?) that.  Lots of shuttles to and from the strip, lots of limos to rent (for the rockstars out there) or bus. Its almost an overload on the senses here.  When you're leaving, do get here a little earlier, security here is kind of crazy, especially when everyone leave at the same time.
In an unbelievable 30 minutes, we traveled from The Hotel, cabbed it over to the airport, checked in (with a line) at Southwest Airlines, went through security and were at our gate.  I've got to love leaving Vegas on a Monday!
Vegas baby.....vegas...... . It's an airport. See all my other airport reviews. They are all about the same...sometimes on time, sometimes delays, sometimes long lines, sometimes not.
Slot machines and free WiFi makes the wait times go by quickly.  It's also a great place to do some people watching.
I mean it's the gateway to all things amazing, alcoholic, expensive, and awesome. The baggage return is always speedy and the rental car shuttles are constant. The food available in the terminals is palatable and if you are really bored the slot machines will consume your money. Great airport all in all.
Play the slots right and you can make enough money to buy food and drink at this airport.  Seriously, last time I was here I won $25 (could have walked away with more if it wasn't for that Star Wars slot machine, damn you Darth Vader) and that was enough to buy me a dinner while waiting for my connecting flight to JFK.. . Haven't flown into Vegas in a while and I am pleased with the upgrades.. . I'm pretty sure LAS was one of the first airports to offer complimentary wifi throughout the airport.  That wifi is the only thing in town that truly is free.
LOVE!, the wall of plugs!!! I came about 2 hours before my flight and they have a great amount of plugs!!! That's what all airports need a charge up wall. It's useful and beneficial! We all need that power up before entering the plane. . . Their shops are pretty decent too. The fast and got to get it now and leave kinda gifts =) . . Eatery's are also great!!! And for those who haven't had enough.. there are plenty of slots to play while you wait. . . VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!!! WoOOoo!!
read the signs people!!!  you can't get any more clearer on rental car service, where to catch a taxi, what your terminal is, how to get there via transporter, and which gate to wait at.. . once you're there, sit down and relax with the slots!  or eat some garbage food at the food courts.  i fly Allegiant Air so it's easy peasy without the baggage nonsense.
Here's a tip: If you want some extra cash before you leave the airport, make sure you head to the Wheel of Fortune quarter machines in the Delta wing. I put in $1 and won $50 on my first try! On a different machine in the same section, I put in $2 and won $7. Of course, you have to see the casino attendant to turn your ticket into cold hard cash. But it was the highest I won of anything during this trip to Vegas.. . Looks like I'll be spinning the slots before I head to the city next time. Lol. . . On a side note, I was in the Delta departure gate, and no sign of any Mexican food anywhere, so I had to settle on Ruby's Diner (bleh). Also, there is a manicure place, if you want to kill time and have a long wait before your flight.
slot machines while you wait AND free wifi. HelloooOO! genius.
-This is one of the most fun airports that I have been to.. -Love the fact that they have slot machines right there after you go through security check-in.  If you plane is not ready to go, have some fun, playing the One arm bandit, one last time!!!!!!!. -I came here once so drunk from Fat Tuesday drink, I forgot what I was playing. I was actually winning alot of money, thought I was playing penny slots but was playing 25 Cent machines, but it took me about 15 mins to realize this.  I put back alot of that money. I was wrecked and on the phone so didn't notice. I initial must have won over 200 bucks, then finally cashed out at 80 once I realize I was not on the penny machines.  Started that game with only a ten dollar bill.. -I like seeing the constant buzz of this place. When you first arrive you see alot and I mean alot of people waiting to get on that plane back to their home destination. Of course alot of them looking sad.. -Always some celebrity watching: I have seen a few UFC fighters here, Jerry Lewis ( yeah he is still alive and still around), Gary Payton (retired bball player) and some other actors I can't think of right now.. -Loved the initial landing in Vegas, because you get to see all those giant buildings. The most recent time, I was coming in on Air Canada from Toronto, their terminal is actually nice too.
Of course I am a fan of MIA! Missing in action is what happens every time I check into McCarren International Airport. I am about to embark on a new journey!. . Since we live in Vegas, this is the airport we use to travel everywhere we go. It is always busseling with people and slot machines and the sound of big advertisements all over the place for every show under the sun. . . Also, after you spent your coffee money on the slot machines you can sit back and enjoy free wifi while you wait for your plane. Its perfect for writing your Yelp reviews!!!. . We usually have pretty decent wait times in security but nothing crazy. Overall a good place to start all new adventures at.
I found this to be a nice, well planned airport. Security can cause a bottle neck so show up 2-3 hours before you are slated to take off. They have nice shops, a nice selection of food and it is a fairly new and up to date airport. It offers a great view of the mountains too.
What's not to love about the airport that brings you to Vegas baby! Since this is now my home airport, I'm starting to get very used to where everything is. Long term parking is very easy (right next to the terminals) and isn't that expensive ($14 for covered parking that is less than 5 minutes to the terminal). Depending on which airline you fly, you may have to take the tram to the D terminal (United gates). Since it is Vegas, there are slot machines everywhere if you care to gamble to pass the time waiting for your flight. There is a decent selection of food options but like any airport, could be better. I do wish that they had more efficient TSA and security, especially for those of us that travel frequently. Not all of the security  lines have the high tech mobile phone boarding pass scanners. The one thing I would suggest is to find the line where you don't need to go through the full body scanner.
I've come many a time to this airport for my Vegas trips. You know you're in Las Vegas when you step off the plane and hear the slot machines dinging! . . McCarran International is pretty easy to navigate, go through security, and on to your gate for your flight. I also like how there is free WiFi to use while you're waiting for your flight. . . SO, whether you're arriving or departing, you can eat, shop, and even do some gambling before you take off into the sky!
Love the FREE wireless.  Don't mind sitting and waiting and surfing.
Love this place!
I've been to a lot of airports and this is one of the least frustrating of the lot. . . The security checkpoint lines haven't been too bad. The most was perhaps 30 minutes to get through during a busy week for Vegas. Normally in 30 minutes I can get through the checks, grab a tea, a seat by my gate, my headphones on, and book opened. . . Staff is fairly nice. I've chatted with a few people as they're checking my bags or person. Some airports I feel they are tired&annoyed and would really like to share their displeasure with you. . . The shops are run of the mill catering to tourist souvenirs types, but it's a good way to pass the time by browsing them. I'm not really a person that eats at the airport so I don't have much of a comment in way of taste or variety. . . I used to be a fan of the metered parking and it was a major plus for short term pickup and dropoffs. They done away with it recently in favor of a ticketing system which starts at $2 for 2 hours. Boo. We've never needed even a hour worth of quarters. On the plus- free wi-fi and plug in stations. . . Can't really complain that this is my home airport.
How can you not love an airport that has slot machines?!. . Walking off the plane into the concourse is when the exact moment of excitement of arriving in Vegas hits. There's nothing like it.. . This airport is easy to get in and out of, with very few weather delays, so that's an additional plus.. . I hope to see you soon!
Well, it's an airport. It has slot machines for the people that want to start their losing streak early or spend their last dollar. A small smoking section (with slot machines) for all the smokers. Gates and baggage claim are fairly simple and easy to find. The cab line goes pretty fast if there's a line. It's an airport...
This isn't a fancy airport, but it serves it's purpose well. The security lines are some of the most efficient ones I've stood in. That automatically brings them to three stars. The free wi-fi gets them the fourth.
This is one of my favorite airports for a number of reasons, ranging to the fact that the staff is pretty friendly to the number of options most terminals have as far as shops are concerned. It does a really high volume, but the lines move pretty smoothly as long as travelers are on top of what they are supposed to do.
i love vegas!
They have a Coffee Bean the second you leave the Southwest Terminal. 'Nuff said.. . Anyhow, for being a super big airport (Not as big as Friscos, of course) they are very organized. I'm proned to getting lost (I got lost on Tom Sawyer Island at Disneyland when I was a kid. Traumatized.) but I never seemed to lose my way here. Clearly labeled carousels and exits. And they have slot machines to play with while you wait for your flight.
Decent airport. Thought this was Vegas though where everything stays open all the time. . . Traveled through here many times. I've found that if you fly into or out of here later in the evening, most of the restaurants close pretty early... like around 8pm. How come their employees are allowed to go home?! What's that about?! ok, ok. So that's my one qualm.. . What's not to love about encountering the sound of slot machines the moment you step off the plane? . . Vegas, baby!
Oh Las Vegas. Why is it called McCarran International Airport? . . This is one of my favorite airports, just because it has that vibe of Sin City all over it.  There are plenty of billboards for the casinos and plenty of slot machines even in the baggage claim to take your money even before you leave the airport terminal! It's probably the only airport I have been in that has casinos in the airport. There are multiple levels to this airport, so it's not just a 2 floors, but up to 4 levels, if I am not mistaken. Considering how much people spend in Las Vegas, I am surprised that the City of Las Vegas does not upgrade the airport infrastructure to meet today's demand for the every day tourist.. . The only thing about this airport was the crazy TSA security lines. There are plenty of people getting out of LAS at any given time. Waiting for a taxi wasn't bad, but there can be congestion when you arrive at peak times. Taxi fare isn't too bad, ranging up to $30 for anywhere along the Strip. Over the years, I have flown into LAS because of the lure of Sin City. Lately, it was due to the lure of the marathon. Yep, the marathon. I was here to run the ET Midnight Marathon in Rachael, NV. Never mind about the glitz and glamour of the Strip, when a marathon is ready to be conquered. Had a fun time and wished I can come back. But for now, it was a fun weekend affair.. . There is free wifi and the food options were plentyful. I'm glad that there was a Starbucks in the terminal I was in, or else I would just freak out. The airport bathrooms was as clean as they come, so that wasn't bad. I basically people watched while waiting for my flight back home. I did see this elderly lady scream, since she won a small fortune at one of the slot machines nearby. Thought that was pretty cool. Too bad it wasn't me though. The waiting areas were small and somewhat a bit cramped. The chairs itself at some gates were small, especially when it was next to a table with an outlet nearby. . . Viva Las Vegas, indeed.. . C+
Slot machines in an airport is a great idea.  And, FREE WiFi.  That was the most important to me, as my flight was delayed & I had work to get done.  It was clean, but I feel like it needs to be updated.  NOTE: If you do not like the full body scanner, do it anyway.  I asked to go through the regular one and that earned me a patdown by a rude female TSA agent. Pardon me for making you actually work.
For being an international airport, McCarran is virtually hassle free, which is great for locals (that's me!).  The location is wonderful - very easy to reach from most parts of Vegas and Henderson.  I don't miss driving an hour-plus each way to travel anywhere like I did in Colorado.. . Parking is usually pretty cake.  Security is typically a breeze.  I have only been delayed on a flight once - which is pretty good considering the amount of traffic going in and out of that place.. . Careful when you're getting on/off the tram to the C Gates...I broke my toe when my flip flop got caught on the edge!  Big tree fall hard...
i love vegas, i know my way around this airport. not too bad. getting a taxi goes quick even though you see the line and it's super long, but it's not that bad. they have pretty good food/restaurants.
Terrible place to have a delayed flight.. . I mean it's a terrible place to have a delayed flight for people who like to gamble.. . But I managed to win $75 dollars before we boarded our hour long delayed flight back to SF. Holla! . . Other than that, I could've sworn I've written a review already, but it might've just been for the TSA. . . They had to molest my carry on back to SFO because the x-ray technician saw some suspicious gel-like substance. Turned out it was my deodorant. Surprised I use deodorant? Don't be, it was just in there for looks.. . The security guy or whoever was kind of peeved because I guess the x-ray tech kept on stopping everyone with deodorant or something. I'd be pissed too.. . Also this is a fun airport because more than likely you'll end up seeing the people you flew to Vegas with back on the plane you're flying home on and you get to see how toe up (from the flo up) they look.
This airport has some of the friendliest TSA agents i've ever seen. The airport itself is fairly well laid out and easy to navigate. I can't imagine that the slots are on the loose side but I usually make a few bucks on the video blackjack machines before I board the plane to go home.
The airport is located very close to the strip and seems to have straight forward directions with the signs. . . We picked up a friend here and it was pretty easy being that it is a small airport. Maybe flying to Vegas can be the next upgrade than making the 4-5 hour drive :)
I'm rating the porter service on this review. We got to Terminal 2 and was greeted by a porter. Nice and friendly, took our bags led us inside. Told us to find a seat and he'll take care of everything. Came back with our boarding passes we tipped him and we were off to our gate. Very easy!
free wifi, cheap shuttles to the strip at $6.50!! bad passenger pick up, very difficult. Free wifi!! nice entertainment before going through security has stars pretty funny!
love hate relationship. love arriving. hate departing. it's pretty easy to navigate. only $6 for most shuttles to get to the strip which is nice and convenient :). . the traffic totally sucks so if you are picking someone up or dropping someone off, leave early!
This airport is definitely busy, busy, busy... but what do you expect for Vegas right? The workers we came in contact with were nice to us, but like all airports there are good and bad points..
Pretty good airport.  Security lines are usually pretty efficient, and I love how close it is to the strip so you don't get raped by taxis.  Plus, who doesn't love losing $1 in a slot machine within 5 minutes of landing in Nevada?
Probably one of the busiest airports I'll ever fly in and out of but for some reason they're probably one of the most efficient and QUICK serviced airports. . . I like the fact that they have shuttles to take you to your rental car destination and the lines for those tend to be long but they move very quickly. IN-N-OUT is their motto I tell ya!. . Never had probs with security here...then again I usually don't have probs with security. No need to strip search this mama, I usually show up pantyless/braless with sandals on anyhow. I'm EFFICIENT too. :P. . BONUS: Slot machines at the airport? Hellz yeah baby! I'm good at the penny slots...I never gamble more than $5. I ain't no rich bitch yet!
So I came to this airport for the first time ever last month. I thought it was weird how we had to take a tram just to get to baggage claim. Say what? I'm used to just hoofing it to baggage claim in all the other airports I've been in (to tell the truth, I haven't really been in that many). . . It was a trip seeing the slot machines in here though. I guess nothing says Vegas more than bright lights and rows of slot machines in your main airport, huh?. . I was going to give this airport 3 stars, but I'm gonna give it a bonus star for the amount of eye candy I saw in the taxi line at this airport. Normally, I'd be feeling impatient waiting in line for a taxi, but the females I saw in that line made it worth the wait.
McCarran Airport may not be as modern and spacious as SFO but it's unique inthe sense that if offer's you the "Vegas experience" as soon as you step off the plane.. . Upon exiting your gate, you're bombarded with slot machine after slot machine. Why wait till you get to the hotel/casino? I'm not really a gambler, but I thought this was pretty awesome! The bright "Welcome to Las Vegas!" sign instantly put me in a great mood, and I was well on my way to an amazing Vegas trip.. . Check-in, security, and baggage claim were a breeze, even with tons of people in Vegas for the weekend.. . There are tons of taxi's, shuttles, and limos outside to take you to The Strip or whichever hotel you are staying at. Taxi's are pretty expensive though - at $17 to The Strip, you're better off taking a shuttle bus at $7 one way, $13 round-trip. We got to our hotel, Treasure Island, in about 15 mins. after making two other stops!. . Overall, this is a great airport and does the job. The only negative is the whole leaving Vegas part ;( until next time!
I like this airport because if you want to do some last minute gambling on the slots this is the place. While you're waiting at the gate for your plane to board there beholds the slot machines and your hopes of winning a jackpot. Bathrooms are clean and when I've gone to visit the airport, there aren't that many people. This means quick security lines!
Like every other airport on the planet, LAS has lines, invasive searches at the metal detectors and a wait at the baggage claim.  But you know what ?  . . Those other places don't have slot machines (warning -- these slots have the worst pay out odds in the state), video skits on tv screens  featuring local performers to make the wait in lines feel shorter and non-stop marketing of shows around town.  It's one of the more fun airports I've ever been in.  I know.  I know.  Airports are built for function, not for fun and so the bar isn't set that high. . . But functionally, LAS is doing a great job.  They get the bags off the planes pretty quick, have a really fast taxi service for folks that just want to get to the casinos fast and a convenient bus service to satellite parking for the locals.  And if you're driving in to pick someone up, they do a good job keeping traffic flowing.. . Style and function = 4 stars.
The layout from the drop off, to the rental is a bit confusing, but overall, it's very clean and attractive.. . Like the heart of Nevada, right when you walk off the plane you receive a wonderful welcoming sound of chings and clings from the slot machines. (They just know how to pull you right in don't they?) I'm not a gambler. The only thing I really notice is the color coordination that they have in their interior.. . The security there were surprisingly happy. Instead of demanding, they ask you politely if we can stand in the tube-like thing to get screened. And they say it with a smile. (How weird. I've been in San Jose for way too long). . The staff are always smiling and they seem very approachable.. . I wouldn't mind sitting waiting for a flight there. It's quite a scenery. Especially for me because I like to people watch. And people from all over the world travels to Las Vegas for many reasons. Which means you are exposed to very diversified human behavior.. . I had to walk through the Las Vegas airport by myself for the first time and it was quite easy to locate where I needed to be.. . My airport experiences are pretty good. It may be because I haven't had the need to check a bag in. Just carry two carry-ons and you're set to go! Check-In (which you can do from home), print your boarding pass (which you can also do from home. Or print from a kiosk which can't take more then 5 minutes), go through security check (which takes about 10 minutes; even when it's busy), go to your gate (which takes less then 5 minutes), then wait for your flight to be boarded. (Who says you need to get to the port 3 hours early? 1 hour is enough!). . So, who wants to go to LAS with me? (LOL)
This airport is huge...maybe too big.  It's Vegas, so there's slot machines all over.  the cool part is that they had those revolving full body scanners, which I thought was pretty cool!  I ate at the Burger King there and It was more pricey than other burger kings, but tasted the same haha.  Some parts of the airport seemed pretty old,  but it was interesting to walk through and explore before my flight back home.  There's also a random monorail thing at the airport that takes you to the baggage claim after your flight gets into Vegas!
This is an airport.. They get you in and out.. Plenty of space.. Plenty of slots.. Great advertisements for all the Vegas Shows.. A first class welcome to Las Vegas.
After a long weekend in Vegas, you have three choices at the airport:. . 1.  You can continue playing slots and booze at the airport.  Maybe you were lucky and want to keep that winning streak alive, or you're trying for any last hope of snagging a few bucks (and your dignity) from the city.  The booze part cures the drinking-all-weekend hangover.. . 2.  You can people-watch.  Everyone walking off the planes is excited to get deep into the Vegas fun, while those waiting to leave have an obvious grimace and likely a massive hangover.  And probably a large dent in their bank account.. . 3.  You can take advantage of their free Wi-Fi and get all of the work/homework done that you put off due to incessant boozing and abuse of your hard-earned cash.  You're going to have to make up the lost money somehow, eh?  The party never stops.. . Bonus is that the airport is easy to get around, but better to get here early since the security lines can be quite long and, after a few days in Vegas, it's probably best to get there early and GET OUT!
Easy in, easy out. Security well staffed to help you through. Plenty of outlets for food and shop. Of course, slots are there if you still haven't had enough. Plenty of stations for charging up before the long flight home.
Organized!. Love their car rental facility!!!
I truly have nothing bad to say about this airport. Maybe because I hate LAX so much, this one looks good to me. Now I have to think to myself too. I am from Hawaii and the Honolulu International Airport is not the nicest airport either. Yes I usually have to go through the older part of the airport but its no biggy. I have to say I like their new car rental area which is currently being renovated and revamped. It's like they are trying to make it nice and are always in the process. Like I said I have not had a bad experience here, pretty much check in at the kiosks, and breeze through the security line and we are already at our gate. Another plus is that they have free wi-fi which is a total perk if you have to wait.
its still weird for me to see slot machines in an airport, but hey, that is how you know you're officially in Vegas...... . there are a decent amount of places to eat here, so its not really a problem grabbing a bite at any time of the day.  . . the airport itself is easy enough to navigate, and they have a tram/monorail b/c yes, they are THAT huge....... . . also, the security screeners - TSA - have a good sense of humor (up to a point of course).... even while they are practically molesting you in the security check point.... *un-comfortably chuckles*
Having flown through McCarran twice this year, I have to say that I think it does it's job as well or better than most airports.. . If I'm arriving, it gets me from the gate to the pavement in about 10 minutes (assuming no checked bags.)  . . If I'm leaving, it gets me from the pavement to the gate in about 30 minutes on average (better than most airports.). . It has slot machines to entertain me if I've gotten there early.  Although their payout is supposedly terrible, I won the only time I played them this year.  Made about $20 in less than ten minutes.. . Starbucks in pretty much every terminal (decent coffee is my airport essential.). . The airport's kept pretty clean and spruced up.  Restrooms are above average on cleanliness.  No frayed or threadbare carpet or destroyed seats.. . Room for improvement: Overall number of restrooms could be better.  Wayfinding signage could be improved, but at the end of the day, it's not a giant airport and you figure it out pretty quickly if you make a wrong turn.
this airport is big and has alot of shops to eat and shop. there are coin slots in the airport.
Just wanted to give two thumbs up to McCarran for offering free wifi!  I hope other airports will soon follow suit.. . Besides that, it's a nice, well-laid out airport.  No complaints from me.
I didn't get to take the monorail... boo!... because I was on Hawaiian Airlines... but I like this airport! Clean, friendly staff, easy to navigate, and full of slots! Okay, not FULL of slots, but enough to keep you busy while waiting for a shuttle or after a bathroom break! Lots of eateries and of course Starbucks which was super important lol... great airport!
There really is nothing better than flying into Vegas. Unless you are an uptight square. In that case, Vegas is probably not the place for you. Maybe consider a barn in Iowa? Or an AA meeting in Wichita?. . Anyway, this is the airport that has always brought back fond memories for me. Most people LOVE coming here, because they are drinking on the plane, and the party has already begun.. . The flight home? Well...no one ever remembers that because most people pass out.. . The airport itself is nice and small. Two terminals. That's it. Simple. Easy to manage.. . Parking is easy, signage isn't the best, but it's a small enough airport. Anyone with half a brain can navigate, even after a few in-flight cocktails.. . Security is friendly, and while you are waiting for your flight, you can drop some coins into the Wheel of Fortune slot machine and win some cash monies. Holler.
My favorite place to land in the United States--not in the sense that I'm in love with Las Vegas; in the sense that it's just an amazing place to land. The view is breathtaking as you come in from the east: the long sweep of the mountains followed by the flat stretch of desert; the city and the strip lit up like a carnival and instantly recognizable at any time of day. And then, of course, you've got slot machines and booze as soon as you get out. Yippee!. . The airport is clean, well-stocked, and efficient. My only complaint is that the taxi queue manages to be an hour long every time I visit, despite the streamlined queue-up process.
I like McCarran.  People who don't are those who seem to forget what the airports are like where they came from.  Reminds me of those who complain about the roads in the city - just one trip back home and you realize that Vegas roads are usually smooth and well-maintained.. . I never have too many hassles, and except for last week, when the airport was a zoo due to all the flight cancellations the day before because of the snowstorm in the Northeast, it's usually not too crowded.  Parking is convenient (Try that at JFK or LaGuardia!), the tram runs frequently, and baggage appears quickly.. . Now if only Continental would leave from any other gate except the furthest one in the whole airport, I'd give it five stars!!
I love that you can gamble right when you step off the plane! I love that there is a flow to this airport, pretty easy to find your way to shuttles or taxi cabs to get where your going. There are plenty of little shops everywhere and a handful of Starbucks to get your caffeine fix, which I needed on my last trip since I landed at 8am!
Normally, I wouldn't write a review about an airport. But, because it's Vegas, this airport is... uh... special.. . It all started two days prior when my lady friend got pick-pocketed on the strip. I heard later that Las Vegas has the biggest crime rate of any city in America. Whether that is true or not is up to what you read, I guess, but it makes sense for this story. After contacting the airline and the police, we were told that we could make it through security, but it would be tricky, and to arrive two hours early.. . So, we showed up three hours early. Being Las Vegas, it's both very hot, and very booze-soaked. I had been nauseous throughout a lot of the trip, why, I still do not know. Something to do with the heat, the eat, and the alcohol turning everything sideways.. . We waited in line to have our ID's checked; both of us with single carry on bags. I went first since I had a good ID. She went after me and simply and plainly told the TSA agent. "I have no ID, here is the police report".. . . ***SUPERVISOR TO GATE THREE***. . My heart sank.. . Luckily the supervisor was pretty laid back. He got on the phone with some mystery government official on the other end, and in a few short minutes, and after a few brief questions politely queried at the side of gate three, we were on our way. Two hours early.. . Due to the security hangup, the TSA supervisor allowed us to cut in line and we ended up waiting for the plane to arrive for about 2.5 hours. I took a few walks through the makeshift casinos to alleviate my sickness from the stress and other aforementioned contributing factors, but by the time we got on the plane and got in the sky, the nausea was gone, and we were home free.
I wouldn't normally write about an Airport, but I really like it that Hawaiian Airlines Arrival and Departures are all at one Terminal (2). . Unlike the other Airline carriers, you check in one place then you have to Walk to the Gate, go through Security and then Catch a Tram to the Actual Gate of Departure. Yikes!!!
This is a very well run airport, but the security line can get way too long.  The food choices in the terminals is just ok.
McCarran screams 'WELCOME TO FREAKING LAS VEGAS' and 'DON'T FREAKING LEAVE US' every time.  . . The minute you walk off the plane, you are reminded of where you are with slot machines, shopping, and big, glossy ads for shows and hotels.  . . It's a larger airport, but easy to navigate with signs.  Their taxi line is efficient and so is their luggage pickup (since it's such a large area).
I have to say the airport scares me a little.... . . Maybe not the airport but the traffic surrounding the airport. . . and Parking .. omgosh the parking frightens the heck out of me. If it weren't difficult enough ..before. The new parking/pay system .. sucks!. . Granted I do not have to go to the airport very often but hey my mom had a three hour layover and my sister and I headed out to the airport for a few hours. . . When we finally got inside the airport after all the confusing arrows and avoiding being hit by cars... ::whew::  I told you scary!. . We met my mom and then headed to Alejandros for food. . I have to say the meal .. although TOO EXPENSIVE was pretty good. The atomosphere was nice and we were able to spend some time talking there.. . There were quite a few military hanging around so I wanted to make sure that we thanked them for their service as well .. . It was a pretty good experience... MINUS the stinking parking and traffic.. But that is a daily drive to work to  eh?
In a lot of ways an airport is an airport.  Is anyone reading a ton of review about airports?  You don't have too much freedom to choose even if you read bad things.  I live in Las Vegas so I fly in and out of McCarran often.  Here's some worthwhile points:. . -D Gates security can be an hour wait at any time of day. -Yes, there are slot machines at the terminals. -If you go through a tunnel in a cab on your trip to the strip, you just got ripped off.
I love this airport!  Where else can you play slots before jumping on a plane?
After visiting many other airports, coming home to my beautiful, clean, organized McCarran was a blessing.  I have never had any problems finding my gates, checking my bags, or locating nice little spots to grab a quick bite to eat.  This is, by far, the most amazing airport, I love Vegas.
Lose some money here, why not?  You're in Vegas baby!
Easy, quick check in and baggage claim was a breeze
Airport with slot machines.  Very nice ;-)  Another nice thing about this place is that they have many restaurants that are open at odd hours, which I always enjoy, because when you are waiting for a flight at odd hours and you are hungry, which are all things that are common in Vegas, as we tend to be up all night, or come here for a weekend, and need to head back late or early the next morning, and we have been out all night gambling and perhaps drinking ;0), we rarely have time to eat, so that is a great addition to this place.
I frequent the airport alot picking friends or co workers up and dropping them off. I will admit i am more of a fan of going through terminal 2 then i am terminal 1. Even traveling I would rather deal with terminal 2 as its smaller and less crowded and the staff seems more friendly on that side then the other. Another great thing about this airport wireless is free! Downside is, the food area in this airport like all others are ridiculously expensive!
Terminal 2 International flights. Smaller , easier & cheaper to park. Only 4 gates, people speaking in funny British accents, slot machines, BK, Best Buy kiosks and a little bar. . . It's a winner!
When you're used to modern, well-designed airports at SFO and SJC, this place can be frustrating, especially for first-timers. It has an annoying lack of directions/signs and confusing roads. How am I supposed to know the difference between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 if no airlines are listed? (hint: Terminal 1 looks like it has pretty much every domestic airline). . Also, passenger pickup was insane on an otherwise normal Saturday evening, and I expect it to be even worse this Saturday (New Year's Eve). However, the security checkpoint lines on both weekdays that I've been here are spectacularly short. That makes up for the other shortcomings easily.
I've never had a bad experience here and the traffic flows in and out pretty easily. Taxi and self park are smooth rides. Interior is kinda cheap with all the slots and food choices are slim, but I value ease of transport as #1 rating modifier.
Not much to say about an airport. I did not lose my bags, so it was a great experience. I feel lik if you screw up my bag, I will not lik you very much. Pretty simple I say. Not saying this 100% truth, but if you can handle this you are ok in my book.. . Sky Harbor is still better in the southwest!
As far as airports go, this small airport gave me the least amount of hassle when going through security. . It showed having state of the art technology for security with that new metal detector. The baggage handling service was in one word, great. From the moment we got in to the moment we boarded the plane, phenomenally quick. . We ended up having to wait in the terminal for a while since we have arrived there over an hour ahead. . Thank God for the Burger King in the back. . Got me a little food, some coffee, and we were boarded soon thereafter. . Nothing less, except a great airport.
OK, it's an airport, however it's a pool of crazy, insane, psychopathic people trying to leave town following a convention, as another convention is starting... I chose to travel at the worst time, just at the end of CES as Adultcon was starting... Holy Crap!! It was a mad house!! But they handled the crowds smoothly and in a timely manner.. Good job!
McCarran is by no means a nice airport. It is extremely outdated. However, when do you ever land in an airport that is less than 20 minutes away from your final destination? The convenience of being only a short cab ride from the strip is seriously something you'll come to appreciate when you wake up the morning of your departure not feeling your best.. . It can get extremely busy, especially during conventions such as CES or New Years peak season, however, TSA is actually quite organized at this Airport. In addition, although there aren't a number of restaurants (it'd be a nice suggestion for these folks to add since theres so many gates (section A/B/ and C) with no eateries... ), you can at least get your game on and play slots one last time.. . Also, definitely appreciate the  ATM and Wells Fargo ATM machines on the way out into baggage claim. Makes for a convenient pit stop so you don't have to use ATMs on the strip.
I've been here when I was in 7th Grade, but I don't remember anything... soooo, this was like my first time at the McCarran Airport!  I was arriving into LAS from LAX - the ride was smooth, enjoyable, & fast.  Made it right on time, too!  (courtesy of Southwest - I also was able to enjoy my vodka cranberry free of charge!).. . Right when I walk through the corridor, I saw slot machines - it was true!  There were also shops dedicated to hard liquor w/ no sales tax?  . . Overall, a very clean looking airport inside & not crowded since there is a lot of open space for those walking.  If I wasn't traveling w/ a friend, I might have gotten lost in all of the lights and terminals.  It was probably one of the biggest terminal area I've seen.  The line for the taxi seemed long, but it moved rather quickly (which I liked!).  They seemed highly organized and knew what they were doing.. . It wasn't long before I was at my hotel  :]
They handle the massive traffic quite well.  Free wifi, good selection of food, plenty of places to sit.. . Stay away from their tight slot machines and be prepared to walk a bit to get to your gates.
considering the volume of traffic here, the place is easy to navigate, get in and out. older airport but it gets the job done
The only downside to this airport is that I could not find any outlets anywhere near my gate.. . The waits were not so bad and the bathrooms were clean.
4/5 purely for the speed of which I got through TSA.  Many security lines to choose from, no waiting, it was a breeze.
Never had a problem here but it is built funny and its always packed. You get off the plane and get the hell outta there. You should be good.
I don't even know where to begin. The people in Vegas let alone the Las Vegas Airport are always VERY friendly. They pretend like they know you even though you'll probably never see them again. . . I had a problem when I was taking a flight to LAX. I'm really not sure if this is LAX's problem (which it is) but if it is also partially McCarran's problem. My flight was supposed to take off at 6:30 and ended up not taking off until past 7. With the pilot and the crew members, we had already been 20 minutes late. After that, they reported over the intercom that LAX had scheduled too many planes to fly in and that we would have to wait an additional time slot before we could leave. Don't know if this was also why we waited the additional 20 minutes at first but like I said, I'm not sure if this is LAX's problem or McCarran's.. . Whatever it is..I hope I don't run into the same problem the next time I fly out of this airport.. . On the bright side, this airport taxi's extremely quickly after landing and can get me off the plane within 5 minutes of landing.. . PS. An extra star for the Welcome to Las Vegas sign and for the slot machines :)
Oh, McCarren Airport.  I know you so well.  Where to begin?. . There are three security checkpoints that lead to different gates (A,B, C, and D).  One takes you to A and B in the older part of the airport.  These gates don't offer a lot in terms of food or enough places to sit, but security is always a breeze to get through.  Another security checkpoint takes you to the C gate, which is an old run down hallway that Southwest uses.  Security is easy to get through, but from what I remember the food choices include several fast food joints ($10 Subway footlongs- yikes) and Cabo Wabo.  They are currently remodeling this gate.  The final security checkpoint takes you to the D gates, which is the newest area of the airport.  Security takes a little longer to get through, but the terminal is bright and fancy and has nice stores and restaurants.  My planes never leave from the D gates.  Sigh.. . In all, if you follow the signs overhead it's easy to find where you need to go.  Security is pretty easy to deal with and I've never waited an insane amount of time in line, even during the holiday season.  Sunday afternoons can be pretty busy though, so give yourself a little more time if your plane is leaving on a Sunday.  . . Driving to the airport is easy, parking is easy- it's super close to the strip so it's convenient.  There's a giant taxi staging area that usually moves pretty fast so you can get to your hotel quickly and enjoy your vacation.. . Tip: If there are only one or two of you getting into a cab, try asking in the taxi area if anyone else is going to the same casino as you.  There are only a handful of casinos on the strip, so you are bound to find someone else to share a cab with.. . Not the best airport in terms of food choices, sitting, or overall looks, but certainly one of the easiest to deal with.  Plus, nothing greets you to Las Vegas quite like the sound of slot machines as soon as you get off your plane!
I love all the advertisement pertaining to the "Fabulous Las Vegas" especially the ones of all the cool new shows they had! I also enjoyed the slot machines they had in every room, but when I say enjoyed I mean from afar because I lost enough money ha ha.. . The airport was relatively clean, but for it's size I can forgive some minor corners which weren't perfect. I'm a little spoiled since I'm used to the O'Hare airport, being one of the grandest in the country, so don't set your standards too high, its an average airport with relatively friendly staff [for an airport].. . I like that they had many little shops of relatively diverse food since I don't necessarily like airplane food. I did not indulge on this visit because I was being cheap but maybe next time, I would recommend being patient with your hunger though because the food on the Strip is a lot better. . . The only reason I actually deducted a star though was because the organizational methods weren't very great unfortunately. It took me and my best friend for ever to find our luggage... Google maps DOES however offer maps of the insides of airports... didn't think of that at the time though, haha..
I've flown from Las Vegas McCarran airport twice and in the intervening years, I've seen the airport grow immensely. Virgin used to fly our of a poky little temporary terminal but the new airport is quite impressive.. . You can certainly tell that you're in Vegas with slot machines in the terminal buildings but there are also more peaceful areas like the exhibit telling the story of the airport from its early years.. . On arrival, my luggage arrived at the carousel quickly and efficiently. The options to get to your hotel is varied and hard to differentiate which are the better companies. The transfers I've tried have been OK but I'm still hoping to find something more reliable and punctual.. . On departure, I was hearthened to find that my teddy bear, Teddy found some fellow animals to play with in the terminal!. . One other bonus is that the airport is almost right next door to the Strip, so make sure you get a window seat because you get some great views of the hotels as you come in to land and on take off
Having been stranded here for 7+ hours due to noob weather @SFO, I'd say this is the most dangerous airport to be stuck at.  Surrounded by slot machines taunting you with bright colors and broken promises...this is where some serious damage can be done (as if you're not already a loser to the casinos).  . . So what the heck did I do?. . - EAT. - Slot machine. - SLEEP. - Slot machine. - EAT. - Slot machine. - Ride the tram a dozen times and SLEEP. - Slot machine. - EAT. - Stare at empty wallet with sad face. - Slot machine. - Laugh...cry...and laugh menacingly...and cry. - SLEEP. . I'll never forget it.
This airport is mad easy to get in an out of.  Unless you play slots.  Then you're screwed.   I don't play slots, however, so I moved right along.
Like Eric R says, what can you say about it? It's an airport. But this is a great airport considering it is Vegas. I love Vegas so much, I come here at lesat 6+ times a year. The other 6+ times, I'm driving to Vegas. . . Anyways, as you can imagine, there's a lot of opportunities for you to gamble (just slots though) and people watch. You will be amazed at how fun is to watch people at airports. No less the Las Vegas airport b/c there's always something interesting in Vegas.
We lucked out I think. We were flying out of town after most of the major crowds had flown in the day before. So getting through the airport wasn't bad at all. . . Didn't really eat or drink anything here since we loaded up on buffet food at the hotel earlier.. . Put 5 bucks in a slot machine in the terminal and hit for 25. Viva Las Vegas!
Las Vegas... the land of possibilty & douchebaggery... and also some secrecy, as well. McCarran. The gateway to the Las Vegas strip. Thoughts of landing here bring nothing but happy thoughts. I don't have too many major complaints. Some of the signs can be confusing if it's one of your first few times landing here. Otherwise, getting to land transportation & baggageclaim is fairly straightforward. . . I usually take Southwest Air into McCarran so the terminal I'm landing at requires a quick tram/light rail ride to the main terminal. There you will find baggage claim, taxis, limos, shuttle service to hotels and the all-important shuttle to the McCarran consolidated car rental terminal. Quick 10 min FREE ride... Please tip the shuttle driver if he helps you with your luggage. It's only polite.. . Arrival pickup is pretty self-explanatory. Follow the signs if you're driving to find the right level to drive up to. Same thing if you're landing so you know what curbside to be waiting at.. . See you in a few months, McCarran...
I won 40 bucks on the slots while waiting for my plane. As far as airports go this place wants to greet you, or send you off with a bang. The fun does not stop in Vegas. My only advice is to get there early because this place is sprawled out and takes you 35 minutes to get to your gate AFTER already checking bags and going through security. I wish the floors were padded though, as I missed my flight and ended up passing out on them...and I use the words "passing out" very literally. Whatever you do, just don't go broke before even getting to the strip.
Decent airport, you can "try" win your fortune back at the slots at the airport.  TSA lines looked like it could get very long as the rope maze was an extensive one but it was short when I went and they had all the checkpoints open. (Southwest Airlines)
Decent airport .. 4 stars for the slot machines.
The best way to get to Vegas.. Quick convenient location close to the strip.. Short security lines.. Numerous airline options. Fly people, don't drive
I like this airport. Why? B/c you get FREE WIFI! . . I guess you get free wifi b/c you've already lost all your money gambling in Vegas. I wish they had more water fountains though.
I think that the concourse I landed in was really nice and bright with lots of windows and very modernized. There are plenty of signs so there is no way to get lost. There are also tons of restaurants and places to shop at when your waiting for your flight out. There are also tons of slot machines for those that like to gamble. . . One you get to baggage claim its like a zoo especially because they put a casino right in that area. Once you found your baggage claim you will probably be waiting for a little bit because they are slow. Finding a shuttle to your hotel is a breeze because they are many options right outside the terminal. I always use a shuttle like Showtime because its cheaper and you can get a return ticket at the same time. . . The thing I would mention to everyone is that you need to get to this airport earlier then you think. Most of the airlines have a 45 minutes rule of when you have to be checked in because of how busy the airport is. You can also be standing at security for at least an hour because the amount of people. Security has been pretty easy every time I have left Vegas but I also give myself plenty of time.
Compared to LAX and O'Hare, this place is a cakewalk.  . . The security lines can get long, but that's of any airport servicing a busy city.  At least here there are stores, restaurants, and slots (if you're out of your mind) to keep you entertained.. . Nobody likes going to the airport, it's always a hassle.  Once you get past that, and compare McCarran to other hubs, they do a nice job of keeping things efficient and entertaining.
On my way out of town been through this place a few times,  it's not too bad if you have done it before.   I started off with long term parking, 8$ day, catch the shuttle, they drop you off downstairs, and you catch the escalator upstairs to the ticket check in counters.  Once you have a boarding pass, it's off through one of four line, A, B, C or D gates, they can all be long at some time or another, so come earlier to allow enough time to get through.. . Once I get through security check in, I usually have to take a shuttle to my gate.  A short shuttle ride and a walk and I'm at the gate.  There is plenty of things to do, food, book store, gaming, even shops to spend a few dollars.  . . Coming back is just as easy, after leaving the plane, catch the shuttle to baggage claim, and out the door to the shuttle.  They take you to the isle closest to your parked car, be sure you have written the number of your parking stall down.  After you make it to the exit, you can use a credit card to pay, I always ask for a receipt if it is work related, so I can get reimbursement.  . . Overall, an easy airport for travel, and just as easy for passenger pick up.
Fast check in,fast TSA.
Slot machines, bars to wait for your flight, fast baggage service. There's usually a long taxi line, but I've learned my lesson and rented a town car for quick service.
Wow, I'm surprised to see the overall rating of LAS. 99% of the time I'm flying in and out of here from CA and it's always fine. I've been on a layover here from NY and I can't recall if I had to change planes but it was fine too. There was one New Years Day several years back that it was a complete cluster but the nice new terminal D is usually where I'm in and out of. I really like it and the tram to/from is nothing like the the Dallas skylink - you are there in a few seconds. I tend to do check in at the curb to save myself any hassle inside. One of my favorite places here has got to be Ethel M Chocolates - yummm, such a nice little treat. I'll pop in and grab a few to bring back to my son. Good stuff! I also have my routine stop off at Brighton for a piece of jewelry (unless of course, I lost real hard). Plenty of places to grab a bite to eat or a drink and c'mon really, you can play slot machines in an airport. Doesn't get too much better than that (It's not Heathrow) but it's good. Baggage claim is down stairs and always fine. Taxi line can get a tad crazy at times but it's Vegas!
This review is mostly for the Tram/Terminal D. . I wasn't a fan of the "original" McCarran airport...you know the one I am talking about....where it feels like you are stepping back to 1974 with the retro carpet, loud slot machines, scents of cigarettes, sights of  grandmas spending their very last $8 in the slots while almost missing their flight back to reality.  I think this is the main terminal and it is still there...but thankfully via JetBlue...I don't have to spend much time in that one.. . But the most recent trip landed me in the Jet Blue Terminal D - which is the new terminal.  Other than the hassle of catching a tram and waiting 15 minutes in the cab queue (which I understand the power of the Mob/Unions - but seriously this city should have made the tram run from the airport to the Strip), this airport is pretty good.. . Food choices are good.  (Cinnabon, Starbucks, a pizza place, a burger place, and literally a half-dozen other places that I can't recall at this moment).  I do however recall that I would have eaten at one of them except for the fact that I was going on 12 hours sleep for this 3-Day March Madness Guy-Trip weekend) and wanted to sit in a seat facing south looking over the tarmac and watching the planes and zzzzzzzzzzzzz.. . The Terminal is very clean, modern, bright, and open.  A couple of desert turtle statues, a couple of model airplanes next to the escalator  which appear to be "taking off" when heading up or "landing" when heading down the escalator (which I thought was pretty creative).. . Bathrooms are clean.  Wi-Fi is great.  Security was relatively quick.
Considering how many airlines go in and out of this place, it's rather impressive.. . I flew into here last week and had no problems... Arriving / departing out of the D gates requires using the tram over so keep that in mind.. . I booked my flight through US Air but it was operated by United... SO when I went to the kiosk and entered my confirmation code it would not work. I had to ask the lady for help and it went right through with her access card.. . I was running behind schedule and arrived at the airport an hour before I was scheduled to leave, and I walked right into my gate and they were boarding. So mid week during the spring it takes about 35 minutes to go start to finish.. . Fun slot machines if you get bored, easy access to rental cars and all airlines... Just an overall good airport.
Totally adequate airport.  Flew in and out of here last week and had good experiences.  One of my flights was delayed, but I blame that on the airline.  I went one of the bars and had a good experience.  The baggage claim area and security were fine too.
Very efficient!  There wasn't a long wait for my bag to arrive on the conveyor belt when I arrived and then when I left Vegas, the security line moved quickly and efficiently.  . . Why can't all airports be so easy!  It's really close to the Strip - you can see the glitzy hotels shining from afar.  . . It is a bit outdated, but hey it's just a means to an end, I'm not going to be picky as long as I can get on my flight in an efficient manner.  Nothing much to look at inside the airport, but when you leave Vegas, the only thing you should be wanting to do is SLEEP!
Cha Ching! Ding ding ding ring a ling! . . Haha what a way to arrive and leave Vegas I tell you. Slots everywhere! If you can't wait for The Strip in all of its glory, well the airports got you covered! . . Upon arrival, there was no congestion getting through the airport to get to baggage claim and the bags arrived promptly. The taxis and buses and shuttles are all on the first floor, with huge over head signs that lead the way. If you get confused, all the floor staff member are extremely helpful, telling you exactly where and how to reach your destination. (Don't go outside to wait around and ask because it's a health hazard out there with all that smoke!) By the exit was a photobooth to capture your defined moments of Vegas with props and everything. . . The taxis are organized and there are lines for everything. I appreciate that quickness and connivence of this airport, knowing that people want to get in and out. . . Coming back to board home, love how Southwest alongside other airlines have indoor and outdoor baggage check in! Triples the efficiency and quickness to getting boarded. Security was a nightmare even at 530am, but the TSAs got it together and got people to where they needed to be. . . Remember slots slots slots! . Time matters when you arrive at an airport such as LAS since of the constant incoming traffic of people, so come early arrive late where the flow of traffic isn't so bad.
All I can say is "WOW!" This was my first time to McCarran Airport and I was blown away by all of the wonderful sights! I absolutely loved that the slot machines were in the airport and they were all occupied. Not to mention, the variety of shops and little carts that could literally drain your wallet before you hit The Strip. I could not get over the size of this place! IT'S ENORMOUS! Compared to crappy LAX, I had airport envy. Another aspect the blew me away was the fact that we had to take a shuttle to take us to the rental car center and that was awesome in itself!  The rental center is literally a compound that has a nice waiting area. The shuttles were quick and easy to check and there wasn't an insane amount of traffic (which I expected). Bravo, McCarran!
I am giving this airport 4 stars instead of 3 stars because as soon as you step off the plane, they get you!  What I mean by that is simply, you will see slot machines as soon as you step a foot into Las Vegas soil...err...concrete...umm...carpet...well, atmosphere!  . . You know you are in Las Vegas, and if you are someone that is prone to gamble, you will get caught in the mix!  This is a smaller airport, yet congestion was not really an issue when I went through.. . Viva Las Vegas baby!
Time allotted to go through security: you won't need the full hour-and-a-half to go through security for domestic flights, but I would suggest arriving at least an hour before your flight.  This is a busy airport, and people are always coming and going.  Security is quite thorough, and it takes a while to get through.. . At first, I wasn't too impressed with this airport.  For such a big city, I expected a fancier airport.  However, in time, I have grown to appreciate this airport.  I mean who needs stuff at the airport when you can have the world at your fingertips 15 minutes away on the Strip.. . I like this airport because it's quick and easy, in-and-out.  There are 6 shuttle companies located right outside the exit.  You can get to the strip for about $6-$7 in 15-30 minutes.  I have used CSL and Executive.  Both are good.  CLS hands you a Las Vegas funbook with some great coupons.  Executive is a bit slower than CLS, You'll get there soonish, and for $7 you can't really complain.. . For incoming flights, I think it's cheaper and faster to use the shuttle.  I feel like every time I take a cab in Vegas, they always try to swindle you, by taking the long route or complaining that you didn't tip them enough for their "hard work".   Correct me if I'm wrong, but 20% is standard, and some would consider it generous.  In any case, if you end up in a cab, it's usually between $20 - $30 between the airport and the Strip.  This is comparatively cheap compared to other major cities (New York JFK is $45, plus fees and tip; San Francisco $50 plus fees and tip).  That makes $20-$30 look like a steal.. . Added bonus: there is a post office inside the airport, and it's really close to the security gate.  Another benefit of having a small airport is that things are close together.  This is good for two things: (1) if you have inadvertently left something in your bag - liquid that is more than 3 ounces, a knife or sharp object, you can just mail it yourself.  I didn't take a close inspection to see what kind of services they had after hours, but at least the full ranger of services are available when they are open.  I noticed that they had a envelope drop open after-hours.  I suppose if you had a pre-paid priority envelope handy, you could mail it.  (2) I love to mail my postcards from the destination, but sometimes it can be so hard to find a mailbox.  This is it!. . Second bonus: they have lockers.
For being such a big airport, it is very easy to get around in. This place is unique in that as soon as you embark off the plane, the sounds of Vegas are right there.
It's the airport in Vegas.  It's pretty clean and I like they have slot machines so if you're waiting and still feeling lucky, there's that. I usually fly southwest and appreciate the layout.  Even if you miss your flight there's usually another one in an hour and half and you can usually catch it on standby (to LAX that is).  The restaurant choices suck but you're in Vegas, you should have planned better!  Next time grab a sandwich from Earl of Sandwich or eat first.  Security doesn't seem to hassle you much so it's quick to get through.  They use those new body scanners.  Free wifi hells yeah!
Slot Machines in the airport? Hell Yes! It is a very nice airport and HUGE as well. You need a tram just to get to your gate lol. Really nice though, and I (so far) have always enjoyed flying in here.
I am constantly traveling and I go to Vegas several times a year.  This is by far my favorite airport in the United States!  Easy to navigate around, a view of the strip upon landing, and lots of Vegas-related advertisements that make you excited!. . Plus renting a car has never been so easy with the convenient shuttle to and from the airport. :)
Having flown into and out of Vegas's McCarran International Airport recently I noticed a most pleasant surprise...they have the smoking aquaruim once again (enclosed, clear glassed area with slots, ashtrays and surly smokers).  Now only if they could just provide free wi-fi it might just pick up that last star from me, then again none of the hotels in Fremont even offered free wi-fi so why would McCarran International Airport.  Eitherway, a nice consideration for the flying smoker population in Sin City.
The single queue to lead into the security gates is logical, but very uncomfortable. It leads to being boxed in 10 people deep in any direction while walking through a maze. Everything else is easy to navigate and all-in-all this is a nice airport.
Compared to LAX this place is luxurious! It's for the most part clean and efficient with good eateries to be had. It's a great place for people watching. Take a look around and notice everyone has a little Vegas haze still on their faces that can't be washed off for days.
What's not to like about this Airport? You're in Vegas, they have slot machines everywhere, and even the ads plastered on the walls are epic! And if you're traveling with me the airport will probably be one of the last few blurry memories of your stay in Vegas.
Nothing says"Welcome to Vegas" quite like a casino set up inside the airport!  It seems like as soon as you get off the plane you're hit with the blinking lights and ding ding of the slot machines.  . . But seriously, let's get to the important part.  FREE Wifi!!!  Do I need to say anymore about that?. . The other important part, the food choices.  I hate when the only thing offered in an airport is fast food options or sit down restaurants.  I want a nice balance that's fast and not fried.  There weren't many of those choices, unless you wanted to grab a pre-made sandwich from one of those corner grab and go stations.  Meh.  Good thing was you can scrounge up something and at least there are options.  I've been to some airports were there's hardly anything in the terminal you're parking it at for 2 plus hours.  Thee worst!. . Another plus, it's literally minutes from The Strip.  Being from a city (Pittsburgh) that has an airport more than 20 minutes outside the city limits, that's a big plus!  I want to get to the party fast and leave all my "sins" quickly:)
Wow, this is a big airport!  And it has copious amount of slot machines for those who just can't wait.  There's a nice selection of typically overpriced stores and restaurants to enjoy while you wait.  I found it to be well-organized, waited for a minimal amount of time to go through security, and loved that the check-in kiosks could be used for any of the airlines.. . The staff was friendly and they have free wi-fi!
Great airport, easy to get through, friendly staff from parking lot to take off! . . Free wifi is the BEST!
Smooth in/out of this airport via Delta. Well laid out. Decent food options. I think that Delta is missing a huge opportunity with not having a Delta Skyclub here. . . Security moved quickly for me leaving on a Sunday morning since almost all the lines were open. . . Free Wi-Fi sponsored by Google when I visited brings the review up to 4 stars!
Free WiFi!  How can I hate that?!  The airport itself is is okay and if not for the free WiFi I'd probably give it 3 stars.  I do miss the smoking room with the slot machines, but I guess most airports are phasing out their smoking rooms.  The taxi line seems long, but actually goes pretty fast.  All in all, an okay airport.
Easy airport to negotiate I see they enclosed the smoking areas and have slots in there s no cig smell.
Like most people, I've been in and out of LAS a few times... Ok... Perhaps a few times more than most.   100% of the time, I was on United Airlines... So I'm speaking just of the United Airlines terminal.... . . Pros:. -It is huge... and there is always a seat to wait at your gate.. -There seem to be alot of food options, but I admit, I haven't tried many... but if I did, there would be alot of choices that seem decent.. -It is clean.. -Free WiFi. -Easy to get around, get your luggage, find a cab etc.. . Cons:. -It is huge (a pro and a con) .   Because it is so big, it does it really isn't easy in and out.   There is significant distance from the luggage counter to the gates... and it requires a tram ride... and alot of walking.   Just be sure to plan ahead.. -Also on the "too big" theme, the rental car facility is equally as big... and requires a shuttle ride... and takes a long time to both rent and drop off.... . In short, it is a decent airport.. just not that easy to get in and out of... Plan ahead and give yourself alot of time!
I've been flying into the Las Vegas McCarran's airport more frequently. The more I fly into Las Vegas, the more I like this airport. Maybe it's because of the fancy marketing screens, bright lights, and slots and lots of food locations. Plus, when I went through security to fly out of Vegas it was less than a 10 minute process. The parking structure is pretty nice and easy too. I think...it's mostly the slots that do it!
I fly in/out from McCarran pretty much once a month, and it has always gone smoothly. There are rarely delays, you never have to wait too long for your luggage, and there are hardly ever huge lines at security; I can usually get through in less than half an hour. I always fly out of the D gates, and there are so many food options: starbucks, cinnabon, CPK, pretzels, a diner, chilis, port of subs, etc... There's also a bunch of shopping and boutiques, slot machines, and places to sit. There are outlets at every gate to plug in laptops and cell phones. McCarran is great, and the only things that could be improved are the parking situation, and having more seats by the baggage claim.
We had to get trammed to our baggage claim and such but I've done that in ChiTown airport before and it's not a biggie. The tram is clean. So all good. . . They have cute clay sculptures! and yes I took photos with them! SO CUTE! I love it!. . The place kinda smells of smoke even tho they said NO smoking. :P. . They already have slots in there hahaha... oh Vegas. :P. . Very colorful and lots of lights. Very Vegas.. . Getting a cab is easy. They have a great system to wait in line and stations to go in so no one fights.. . Sweet.
I usually fly out of JFK or EWR, the worst of the worst. McCarran was a nice change of pace, with quick security lines and pleasant flight staff. They also have slot machines, which makes the wait for the flight more bearable.
One of my favorite airports in the country.  Organization is 4, Cleanliness is 4.0.. Great thing that the Shuttle to the Car Rental Building was totally organized.  I just wish that they have more food establishments to choose from.. . Overall, it's a good airport to fly to/from or get stuck (LOL!!!).  Only airport that I know that got slot machines in the terminal!
My flight bound for Charlotte, NC was set to take off @12:10 am on 5/24/12. I made sure to be there early so we arrived at about 10:15 pm. . . I haven't been to much airports but I do know that this airport is efficient in how it operates. I purchased my tickets online and the check in process with American Airlines went smooth. . . The terminals have a lot of places to buy Las Vegas type stuff, food or drinks, magazines or books, slot machines, and plenty of bathrooms. There is also wifi throughout each terminal. The only problem I faced was finding an outlet to charge my phone. After about 15 mins, problem solved. . . My overall process departing and arriving was very smooth. I'm glad to have access to this airport.
Flying out of LAS is not bad ... at the very least, they're on par with just about any other international airport. . . They are set apart in a few ways, though!  For one, the security lines were awfully slow, but they have special, humorous Las Vegas-related TSA informational videos that play while you are going through security.  (Sadly, they stopped being funny after watching them 2 dozen times while inching through the checkpoint).  Another huge perk is the free wi-fi; plus, how many other airports have slot machines to keep you entertained while waiting to board?!?  . . Flying into LAS is quick and painless ... unless you have to wait in the super long lines for the rental car shuttle (rental cars are at a separate facility a few minutes from the terminal, with free shuttles).
Super fast to get out of the airport if you dont have a check in to pick up, and it takes less than five minutes to get to the strip
I like flying into and out of this airport.  I feel like it is organized here and doesn't have all the typical chaos you have with other airports.  Plus, where else can you gamble why you wait for your flight.  I usually try my luck on the slots while waiting and my luck has been good to me.  The food court has a decent selection of food and the TSA screening goes by pretty quick.  Also a trip from the airport to a hotel on the strip should cost around 20 bucks (tip included).
Always a nice airport to get in and out and drop a few bucks while waiting for your flight.
They have a separate area just to pick people up, but you're better off paying $2 for an hour of short term parking.  Then you can make the quick walk into the terminal and bask in the amazing air conditioning while everyone else dies in the summer Vegas heat.
Once you land at McCarran Int'l you know you're in Vegas. The amounts of slot machines and the strange dry smell is probably their trademark, their C19 gate is always oddly hotter than the rest of the gates adjacent to it.. . The service is quick here and everything is easy to find. The shops and restaurants are just okay. It's too hard to concentrate on food when the sounds of slots are constantly going you off to draw you in.
Who doesn't love slot machines in an airport?  A good way to welcome you to Vegas, on the way out, they are your last ditch effort at slot machine millions.. . The airport is great though.  It's large and well organized and TONS of options for food, reading and souveniers.. . You can expect the regular inflated airport prices i.e. $5 for a BIC lighter however there is definitely service with a smile here.  I guess Vegas got the memo on how to be nice while taking people's money, which makes it a bit less painful.. . I fly a lot and this airport is up there with the rest of them. :)
I love this airport. Security lines always move quickly and no matter what terminal- and which side- secure or not- there are many things to do and lots of places to eat and drink in. If you still want to play the slots, they are everywhere, and I enjoy the people watching here. Baggage claim used to take FOREVER, but as of late, they are pretty quick! Free WiFi everywhere. Only issue I have is that there is no Delta Sky Club, but at least there are some good bars  and restaurants.
McCarran, you are getting a light 4 stars for the fact that you have convenient boarding pass machines.. . Flight was Monday evening at 6:25 and I arrived at 5:35 with no luggage to check and just had to obtain a boarding pass. Instead of waiting in the extensive Southwest Airlines line for a boarding pass, I spotted some convenient machines that seemed legitimate; I input my confirmation and PLOPPPP came out my boarding pass. Security was a breeze (even though I hate those personally-invading body scanners with a fiery passion).. And got to my gate at 5:47. 12 minutes. Efficient? Wheeeeeeee.. . I've been here several times before (I am a Vegas aficionado) and really haven't had a poor experience at MIA. . . And..if you're lucky...you'll be by Ethel M's in the C gates. Get itttttt.
As soon as you step out of an airplane, you will find yourself surrounded by slot machines.  You know you are at the right airport.  A lot of lights and billboards!  Even though this is a big airport, there are not too many people and there are plenty of space, seats and all.  . . The facility needs an update though.  The bathrooms were old and rather small.  Considering how big the airport is, it lacks dining options.  Most stores close before 11pm unfortunately.  They do have souvenir shops so you can do last minute shopping.  The price is fair.  . . They  have shuttles to the rent-a-car center.  They run every 5 minutes and it is a 7to 8 minute ride.  . . People are nice at this airport.  Although, the security check was rather slow moving and took a while, there was no hassle.
Of course my transfer flight was at the other end of the complete opposite side of the airport. I think this place has changed since the last time I was here... Could there possibly be more slot machines?? They were dinged 1 star because it was baking in there. I know it was hot outside and there were lots of people, but man, turn up the ac!
Ahhhhhhhhh!! Crazy busy but it's to be expected.  After all, it is Vegas we're talking about right?!  Security line moves along quite quickly and not too much of a hassle going through.  TSA is usually grumpy looking every time I go but I've gotten used to it already haha.  I love the fact that when I fly on Hawaiian Air, they have a separate terminal for my flight and even comes complete with *usually* less hustle and bustle.  Annnnddd there's restaurants everywhere.  Not the best airport I've been to but it gets the job done.
Slots slots and more slots!  chaaaaching!!  Welcome to Vegas!  Very clean airport and it has a USO.
What a sight for sore eyes!  After a turbulent flight, when you arrive at the gate, you are greeted by the warm light and soothing sounds of slot machines... No one bothers you and you just go on your merry way.  I actually tied the slots on the way out. Apparently, if you win, there are "change" (usually ladies) that will cash you out. They are as friendly as can be (probably to make you feel better of you lose). Overall, the airport is clean and convenient. Just wish the food selection was a little better.
Nothing says vegas like getting off the plane and seeing the slot machines.  For the most part, I have never had trouble or delays at this airport.  The airport is pretty clean and maintained, although there has been a lot of construction.  Also, the security checkpoint here is pretty fast, the line flows pretty smoothly and there are plenty of metal detectors/scanners.
I wouldn't describe the international terminal as cheery.  But it is quite efficient - for Americans anyway.. . Flew in from London for the Electric Daisy Carnival (woohoo!) on a, I'd guess, two hundred passenger flight.  Found myself in the US Citizen line with ten others.  Cleared baggage claim and Customs in 15 minutes, max.. . The domestic terminal is no-frills, single corridor design to get people in and out right quick.  I approve.. . Oh and there's free Wi-Fi.
Very clean airport, execellent security but poor and very limited options for food. Most of the people in the food places don't speak english. They don't have over half of the items on them menu, this happened in three places, one right after the other so it was quite frustrating. If they only had a better selection  of food places or at least have what the menu says you should...... Top notch security saves this review, oh and cleanliness too!
Ummm...you can openly booze and gamble at this airport.  That alone gives it at least 3 stars.  Its also convenient, easy to travel through, and well...fun!. . One of the best in the US.
I actually really like this airport. I've flown out of here twice. The first time was through Spirit and that was a nightmare. Almost missed our flight since the line to check in was long and they were understaffed.. . This time around I flew Southwest. Much better experience. We checked in online so all we had to do was check our bags in. That took less than 5 minutes. They have plenty of food options and of course you can play slots while you wait for your flight. . . The airport is only a quick 5 min drive to the strip just as long as you don't get an asshole cab driver that will take you out of the way.
This place has a California Pizza Kitchen and gets people in and out VERY quickly. It's not a place I would want to overnight but it does have a WiFi so I'm all for it. Never had an issue.
Four stars is definately perfect because I am a fan. As soon as you get off the plane there are slot machines to greet you & let you know that you're not in Kansas anymore, Toto! Baggage claim is huge. I had to figure out which way to go. If someone is picking you up they have a separate garage for that than the taxis & limos. This airport is super big..like a mall. Cinnabon is hard to find nowadays so happy to see that. Starbucks on the other hand isn't quite as noticeable. BUT when you are early for your flight there are slots to keep you occupied.
little airport, big fun....if you're staying in vegas! the gates are really tight, i assume because so many people are moving quickly in/out of this airport. in true vegas fashion, there are of course slots right up until you board the plane. nothing says vegas airport like slots: "give me your last bit of change please".. . there are enough food options to keep most people happy. it's easy to navigate to make changes connections. unfortunately, i just had a short layover (boo) so this wasn't a formal vegas trip.
I spent 6 hours waiting for a flight, after I volunteered to be bumped from my flight for a flight voucher, and then my later flight was delayed. I didn't mind as much as at other airports. Why? Free wifi!!! I got to catch up on some Hulu and play around. It was nice! They have some charging stations here but for the most part, outlets are hard to find. I think they have a good selection of food in the terminal where I was (D). Pizza Hut, CPK, Quiznos, Auntie Anne's and more. Also some shopping. It was easy to get around. It's funny to see the slot machines in the airport. They just add to the Vegas vibe. . . I wouldn't dread coming back!
Interesting airport and pretty easy to get in and out of... Free wifi
New addition is getting better. Terminals are pretty easy to navigate. I like the vibe in this airport. Could just be Vegas though!
After being stuck at this airport for a whomping 36 hours, I have decided to write a review for this place. Why I was stuck at this airport for that long is another story, but it was an adventure. Not that I'm saying you should spend a night at the airport... but I mean if you are trying something new, why not.. . Anyways on to the airport. This airport (domestic) is most busy on the weekends starting from Thursday night all the way to Monday morning. Most mornings going into the airport is packed. Most people try to catch the red-eye flight out. I don't know what the reason is for this, but seriously the airport is packed at like 4am. It's pretty ridiculous. Wifi is much faster than it is at SFO. . . I usually always fly United, so that's in the D gates where you have to take a tram. Occasionally I will take Southwest in the B/C gates, no tram needed. So if you are flying out of D/E gates make sure to get there earlier because you will need to make an extra trip. I have seen too many people miss their flight because they did not take into consideration the extra transportation needed to get to the gate.. . Security at this airport moves pretty fast. They have a pretty good system going on here. Before the security to the D gates took forever, but with the new opening of the E gates, it is much faster. . . If you are looking for food.... I think that the B/C gates have better food options than there are in D gates. I will tell you that I spent too much time at the D gatesand the Wheel of Fortune from the slot machines still ring in my ears. D gates there are two sports bars, quizno's, hot dog place, sandwiches, smoothies, diner, California Pizza Kitchen. Of course all food here is on the pricier end. C gates have Sbarros, Wendy's Popeyes, mexican restaurants. Just better options period. . . So if you were stuck at this airport and all you really care about is food then I saw B/C gates are better options, but if you want a more clean and new feeling I say D gates are better. . . Enjoy your time at McCarren International Airport. Time passes pretty fast when you're there.
omg, they redid this airport!  Its actually pretty nice now.. . But omg- don't sit down at a slot machine unless youre going to play.  They are really strict about that.  So do like I do and sit / sleep on the floor at your gate.  If you're too sober to do this, you didn't do vegas correctly.
What can I say that hasn't been said before?. . Bright and flashy, crowded on the weekends beyond anything you can possibly imagine. But, you know what, as an airport it is pretty decent.. . It would be nice if the rental cars were on the premise, but they are a short shuttle ride away. . . And talk about people watching, it is if they left the locks of the freak cages at the sideshow. Wow.. . Tip: Fly in the middle of the week to miss the weekend jam ups.
You have to give Vegas credit.  They are one of the more efficient airports.
Free wifi, decent food options - yes it needs a bit of a face lift, but I'd rather have the wifi than shiny new stuff.  There's a spa in D terminal that offers massages, mani/pedis and facials.   it was tempting since I had 2+ hours for my flight!    Would like a few more plug-ins, but I managed to find one in a bar (Home Turf near D34) with a sassy and sweet waitress to boot.. . Security was way better than expected - tons of lines and competent TSA folks.  I made it from the ticket area through security in under 15 minutes mid-day Friday.. . And of course the slot machines are plentiful!
I never have many complaints about this airport except for the insufferable smell of Cinnabon. It makes me absolutely ill and it permeates the entirety of the D concourse. I feel that they might use Disneyland tactics and pump it through little scent airways when you are all the way on the other side of the airport, in an attempt to tempt people to buy their gross cinnamon rolls but in actuality making people like me sick.. . But I digress. My bag usually has arrived quickly, security moves pretty fast, and there are generally cheery workers all over (minus Allegiant or Skycap services). I also always get a kick out of the contrast between flights coming in on Friday and going out on Monday!
Well, I'll never go to Vegas again, but that's not because of the airport.. Got through security pretty quick, that was nice.  Wish there was more selection of food, rather than sacrificing that space for slot machines.
An international airport that is always clean and organized. I've never lost a luggage flying out of McCarran - they use an error-free tagging and tracking system (I watched this on TV). I like D gates because it's modern, clean and well-lit. The only gripe I have is that the wi-fi isn't too reliable and there are no charging stations/outlets in the D gates.
What can I say , its a vegas airport . Great place for people watching. The location is close to the heart of the strip , so the cab ride is affordable. Free WiFi too !
New terminal 3 is great.  Restaurants and bars are okay, big duty free for last minute shopping.  Better than Terminal 1, and way better than the old terminal 2.
From what I hear much improved from what it used to be. Lines are much shorter at the security checkpoint with the addition of the new terminal, and at least in my limited experience, TSA personnel were actually nice and courteous. . Dining options abound the and shopping area has many last minute opportunities to pick a gift to soothe a guilty conscience.. Despite the fact that I am sure it is mentioned in every single review of this place and at the risk of being a follower, I have to at least write a short note about the Slot Machines at the Airport, it is no doubt a bit of a  surprise when you exit the jetway into the terminal and the first thing you see are gambling machines.. Both inbound and outbound, my experiences have been positive, thus far.. I am due for a return trip, so a follow up review is forthcoming. Stay tuned. . Meanwhile, it's Vegas baby !
I'm actually really surprised at myself for giving this generally run down airport such a good rating but I suppose we can all have our reasons. . . This is not a super nice, fancy, upgraded, or even updated airport. There is nothing snazzy about it nor is there anything you must see, must do or must check out. However, it does one thing extremely efficiently. It gets you on the plane.. . From arrival to departure, it was very easy to figure out where everything was, where we needed to go to get taxi's, what our flight was, if it was on time, where the gates were ... and security, although highly impacted from many travelers, was a quick breeze to get through because people were efficient. It only took us about 20 or so minutes from the moment we entered until we were at the gate, and probably half of that time was walking! . . I do hope one day this airport would be super fancy and nice to match the rest of Vegas, but for now, efficiency is good enough for me.
Traveling in and out of this airport several times within the past 4 years, I have to say it is one of my favorite airports to be in.  With so much to choose from to eat and drink, and GAMBLE, how can you go wrong!?!?!. . The minute you walk through the gateway and into the lobby, you are greeted by slot machines and the sounds that make you feel like you are already living it up in Las Vegas.. . The airport is kept considerably clean and upkept. Flights are normally on time (depending on your departure city - if it is Newark, you can forget about your flight hardly ever leaving on time).  The TSA agents are also disciplined but friendly (you all know that some of these agents let their 'status' go to their heads lol!)
A lot of the reviews here have already given a lot of detail about the airport, so I won't bore you with that -- but I would like to clarify that this airport is MIA (that's Miami) but is LAS. So, there you go. . . I like this airport. I've never had a problem with the TSA guys there, the lines have always moved quickly, and the airport is well-signed so you don't get lost. The Starbucks at the pickup area is always full, so they move pretty quickly there, too. . . Parking has been fixed up a little where you no longer have to insert coinage. Now you get just a printed ticket that you present at the gate to pay. I paid $2.00 for about an hour while I waited for my brother, which seemed reasonable to me. . . All in all, LAS is a cool airport!
I've flown into this airport many times. But this review is mainly for my flight into Vegas this past week.. . We landed some time around 10pm and when we went outside, the taxi line was....*cue Psycho shower scene sfx*. . . It was exponentially long. No, ASTRONOMICALLY long. It was one of those times, where you think the line is long, and then you are told to turn a corner, and you're shown to an even longer line. Despite all this, apparently McCarran has a taxi cab factory, because those guys were lined up one after the other for about a mile just scooping travelers up. We were only in line for about 5 minutes. And if you'd seen the line, you would've thought we wouldve been there for an hour and a half.. . Mad props for McCarran. At least their taxi service.
This review is for Terminal 3 which I flew Alaska this time around.  What can I say, it is definately a beautiful Terminal.  To get around was not bad at all although it didn't seem to busy at the time that I went, or was it that it was setup so well that I couldn't tell the difference, that remains to be seen.  I flew in and out of Terminal 3 and it was super easy and convenient. All in all it was a great experience and may even make me fly the airlines that fly through that terminal.  Hawaii is next and Hawaiian does fly out of Terminal 3 so I guess I'll keep you updated on that.  Until next time my friends..........
When you're arriving through here you start to see the gambling begin with the slot machines you can play with the hundreds of slot machines that fill the hallways. This airport isn't as "pretty" as some airports but they kick a lot of butt in getting you on your flights, and getting the planes in the air.. . The first time I did fly through here instead of driving the Vegas from Arizona where I lived at the time, I flew Delta. I had a layover too which to me having a layover in LAX when i'm trying to fly from Phoenix was pretty stupid, but hey the flight was at a good cost. Anyways, I was delayed from LAX to McCarran for about 2 hours. Little did I know this was just the beginning of Delta ruining what was supposed to be an easy travel.. . After leaving Vegas and heading back my flight in McCarran was delayed from Delta for their, as always, unorganized and messy way of running their airline. Once I finally got on my plane and got to LAX again where I was sure that I was going to miss my flight, I did miss it! lol. Then my new flight to Phoenix was delayed 4 hours. We're talking I am sitting in the airport at 1am now, when I should have landed and been home hours ago. I finally get on the plane and make it home by 3:30am, thanks Delta. I don't blame McCarran for this or LAX as an airport. I'm sure most airports would dump Delta if they were allowed to,all this does is reflect on the airport from the opinion of a lot of people and that's not fair.. . The food selection in this airport is pretty decent, I just wish they put an in n out burger in this airport, that would be a great addition and probably would end up being one of the most popular food choices in the entire airport. When I was here last I ate at the Home Turf sports bar and grill to catch a burger and some water since I was pretty parched from the Vegas trip.. . PS: There is free high speed wi fi here as well, if you're using Delta it'll become your best friend.
I love it because it's in a city I love and there is plenty to keep you busy! Minus one star because those things that keep you busy also make you broke! Haha
Very easy to navigate and clean.
Vegas ... good ole Vegas.... . Well, obviously we don't go to Vegas to spend too much time at the airport. Still, it's a cozy little place with quite abit going on... I always like to look at people walking back and forth almost miserable because they are leaving broke... Still somw are just happy with a 4ft.... WAIT FOR IT.........Margarita!.. thats right!... The pro's are that you can get in and out of the airport pretty quickly by taxi or shuttle.... BUT... car rentals are a weee bit of a pain in the ass. You walk a maze to get to the shuttle and then ride into the night to get to a car rental building and still some have to go on in a van... If you are renting a car... plan an extra 30 minutes to get to the place... Outside of that... It's a good place... have good shoes... and sleep when you get home!
I flew to Las Vegas on Hawaiian Airlines, which recently moved to a new terminal. The old terminal was closer to the baggage claim and shuttles. However, terminal 3 is a lot bigger and beautiful! The only downfall is having to take the tram to the baggage claim - which isn't too big of a deal but it just makes the journey to leaving the airport a lot longer, and vice versa.. . There's also lots of restaurants at the new terminal so you're not stuck eating Jack in the Box (the price at the airport seems twice as much as the ones outside the airport!). There's also free wifi so you can keep yourself occupied while waiting for your flight.. . Most of the TSA agents are friendly, but there was an extremely rude (really really really rude!) TSA agent.  I wasn't the only one complaining about her. I heard other people at our gate complaining too.
One of the most efficient airports I have ever visited. Going through security is fast and easy, and even more so when using the new terminal. They offer free wifi, the agents I have encountered have always been friendly and helpful, the restaurant selection isn't gourmet, but most do offer easy take-out.. . Of course, I only take carry on with me when I travel and so I am never stuck waiting for my baggage to come out, or have to deal with the hoards of people I see crowded around the baggage claim area. I usually can hop right over to the taxi line, beating out the passengers who are hoping their luggage arrived with them. . . The taxi lines here are also quite efficient. I have arrived on New Years Eve and still managed to get out within 20 minutes of landing.
Bells, Whistles, Crazies and More!. . I've been here - usually in the exact same gate - about a gazillion times. . . I love the weird glass encased smoking rooms that look like a place to examine specimens in their little environment, I love that there are decently priced gifts if you choose to *ahem* spend all your time boozing and cruising instead of shopping.. . Driving into/out of the airport can get confusing, but the shuttle service from the rental car is quick and efficient, overall, this is an easily accessible airport but  for GOD's SAKE DON'T THINK FOR ONE MINUTE YOU CAN ACTUALLY WAIT FOR ANYONE ON THE DRIVEWAY.. . seriously, that dude almost pulled a wrestling move on me when I tried.. . don't do it.
This airport is HUGE!!!. I usually have to take the tram to and from the gates so I make sure I get to the airport at least an hour and a half to two hours just because the security lines can get long even with all the employees working (ppl going through the scanners can take a while) and then walking to the tram, waiting and stuff.  Also the lines to check in can sometimes be crazy long too.. . It's a clean airport with a lot of things to do; a good variety of shops, different restaurants and of course slots to play as you wait to board your flight.
The airport is always very clean and a bonus with plenty of slot machines. The only negative thing is that the security check point is always long.
As I've stated, I don't travel much so I don't visit many airports, but I feel like this airport is huge! And I think on our way to the airport the driver told us he had to take us to a new part of the airport they recently built (correct me if I'm wrong) so it's amazing to me how big this place is! . . The place was clean, lots of options to eat and shop if you have time to spare before your flight. And of course, if you want some last minute gambling done, they have slots here too :)
Not a bad airport.   At around 8-9pm though there really isn't much food around if you're catching a later flight.   Have to walk down concourses to find some decent munchies.. . Charging stations are few and far between which sucks for phone charging.   I think there was free wifi, but I don't remember now.. . Overall, it's pretty easy to maneuver and find where you're supposed to go which is a good thing as far as signage.. . I will say that there are slots... everywhere.   If you feel lucky, go nuts, but I have yet to see someone hit a jackpot while I was there for several hours.
Good airport.  They are pretty speedy getting the luggage out of the plane which I really appreciate.  The shops in this airport are nice.  The airport always seems to be under construction though which is kind of annoying.  There TSA agents are freaking mean assholes though.  I guess dealing with hungover people on a daily basis has to be taxing though so I will let them off the hook for that.  Other than that, this airport has been good to me.
Free Wi-Fi; a bit noisy with the slots; lots of walking available; lots of shopping.  new upgrades recently are very nice.  Wait for Taxi can be long, but the lines usually keep moving.  Security is usually pretty quick
I don't gamble.  I don't frequent Vegas or travel much to be exact but when I landed here, I almost wanted some time to chill at the airport because it's like a mini casino.  The slot machines look fun although I'm not stupid to continue feeding it money whilst I burn a hole through my wallet.  I enjoy watching the people played as I tried to make my way out of the airport.  . . I've been to the following airports: SJC, OAK, SFO, ONT, BUR, and JFK and I can't pinpoint the size of this airport but it's pretty effin' huge.. . There are signs to designate travelers where to go- baggage claim, car rentals, shuttles, taxis, etc., etc.  I hope to frequent this airport again and again.
Well I've been sitting in the USA terminal for the past 7 hours since my plane was delayed for 6, but that's neither here nor there.  I've become intimately familiar with this section of the airport, so this review is for that part.  The main reason I give it 4 stars is for the free wifi that's has pretty decent bandwidth for free wifi in a large public spot.  That (and the beer) is making this delay almost tolerable.  There are some decent food options in this area.  You've got a Starbucks, Tim Hortons, Burger King, Cinnabon and a couple others.  They have a Japanese/Chinese place that isn't bad for airport food.  It's also pretty easy to find a plug to charge your electronics.  They have a shoe shine station and a place where you can get chair massages.  YVR is one of the nicest airports that I've ever been stuck in.
Not that bad but not the best.  But one big reason, if not the only reason, why this airport is awesome comes especially when you arrive at night.  Right when you step out of the terminal with your luggage, the bright shining beacon that is Las Vegas illuminates the night sky and beckons you to not care about comparing which limo, cab, or bus service is more cost effective, and just head straight to your hotel/casino.. . So overall, clean, spacious, and generous feeling, this airport is awesome in that it let's you fly into Las Vegas.. . Good luck!
With 1,284 reviews on McCarran International Airport, there is a great chance this review will be buried like a gambler in the desert. Hopefully it will be accessable in the next couple of days. With that said here is review 1,285 on McCarran International Airport (from this point foward referred to as McCarran).. .    Airports are very important. Besides their primary purpose of serving air travelers, they are a gateway to the city. Airports give travelers their first and last impression of the city. They are a reflection of the city.. .   McCarran is a first- rate gateway to Las Vegas. Going back to the 90s, when I flew between McCarran and New York airports, it left me with a positive first and last impression of Las Vegas. It is a reflection of the good things about Las Vegas. It is upbeat. Coming off a long flight, there is nothing more cheerful than hearing the bells of the one-arm bandits. To this day it is a welcoming sound after ending a vacation. Like Las Vegas, McCarran is modern. The monorail between terminals is one of the first to be used at an airport. Recently McCarran replaced the international terminal with a brand new state-of-the-art facility. Like Las Vegas, McCarran features plenty of fast food restaurants and Starbuck's. The list of fast food restaurants keep growing. As far as Starbuck's, they are at the majority of the terminals and even outside security at baggage claim. Just like Las Vegas McCarran is crowded with long lines that move efficiently. And just like Las Vegas, I am a fan of McCarran.
This is a good airport. Modern airports = great airport. Plus you can gamble!!! The only thing is it's a huge airport. I like to be able to get from gate to my next mode of transit (be it rental car, pick up, taxi, train, bus) so in that case it takes a little bit here from a few of the gates. There are slot machines spread all throughout the terminal. I think that's fun (though dangerous for the wallet). In my case I spent more time choosing food than worrying about slots. Also the international terminal is brand new and immaculate! Huge high massive ceilings,new security lines which moved quickly. It still smelled new. I like that in airport, plus shopping and eating. The terminal I flew from fell slightly short in that. Still big windows to see things, ample seating and some places to eat (plus bonus points for slots) make this a pretty cool airport.
Ding ! Ding ! Ding ! YAY Welcome to LAS VEGAS! . . This airport is pretty efficient.  I love how there are slot machines everywhere.  . . If you are arriving to vegas and you are alone and needing transportation to the strip, take the shuttles, it's $7 one way and it'll get you to your hotel relatively quickly.  It's a lot better than taking a cab alone.  . . The only bad thing about this airport is that the taxi line gets pretty long sometimes and depending on what time you are departing on a Sunday, it could take up to an hour to get through the airport to your gate.  . . I hope I'll be back here soon!
Had a long layover here and decided to venture about this airport. and see the sights that I could from the airport windows...and also take in the many shops located along the corridor.  I do have to say that I had to resist the urge to gamble at the slot machine sitting there.  Even if they were tormenting me to play and keep inserting my money.. . Being late at night when I was here I was able to venture without bumping into people.  Made it nice to be able to see everything there was to offer.  Of course I browsed a few stores and got a bite to eat during my wait.  But the nicest thing was being able to sit there and not hear all thenoise you usually do during the daytime.  If only all airports were like this.
Was in n out. I love southwest!!!
I truly have to admit, this airport isnt that bad. It is busy as hell because Las Vegas is one of those destinations that are busy pretty much year round.
Wait, where am I? This isn't the hell-hole also known as 'D' terminal. There's no more tram, and everything is shiny and new! And look at that--clear directions to ground transportation. It's just an escalator away!. . That's right. They finally remodeled this place and moved Alaska to the E terminal. Big, shiny, easy to get to and, best of all, there's a SMOKING room right next to gate E15. No more puffing away at the very last minute before heading through security. I haven't seen a smoking room in an airport since I was a kid!. . Whoop whoop!
Nice, clean, and has plenty of access to outlets.
Everything in this airport is well labeled and easy to find. We had no problems with security and in this day and age that is a good day.  Luggage pick up was a piece of cake.  They have a shuttle for everything and they all run smoothly.  I know I've flown in and out of Vegas numerous times, but man this is one of the smoothest airports I have ever experienced.  I also love how they are like 2 miles from the strip so as soon as you land you are on the strip ready to party.
For Vegas I would say this is one of the quietest places in the city, which is night. It's extremely clean and well maintained and there are a decent amount of places to grab coffee and hook up to the free wifi. We ended up waiting here for a few hours and there was definitely enough to do! I think I ended gambling away a whole $8 ($0.25) slots). What I'm sad about was not taking advantage of the duty free liquor... what a deal! Can't wait to go back to Vegas!!!!!
I absolutely love the International terminal.  It's clean, spacious, and security moves quite fast.  I am usually used to the long, crazy lines at SFO, and this was a really great place to take an international flight.  The bonus are the slot machines while you wait!
Terminal 3 is the new terminal and it is pretty nice.  Everything is nice and shiny and new.. . Terminal 1 is old but is the terminal that I go to most since I usually fly Southwest.. . It's always nice to see some slot machines if you need to kill some time.. . Security line is sometimes a little too long though and that can be a pain.
My flight was significantly delayed because some socialist toolbag on a tax payer purchased jumbo jet decided that his fundraising was more important than the needs of the tax paying citizens of the United States.  . . Anyway, gotta love an airport that has slot machines in the terminals!  If you didn't waste all of your money on the strip, you have one last shot at going completely broke!  Wheeee!
VEGAS!!!!! thats always the sentiment when you arrive. vegas..... the overall feel of when you leave..... i have been lucky here a few times to been bumped from my flights because its so busy. ill take a few hundred dollars for leaving a little later than i wanted to and even ended up at different airport than i had planned. but because of these place i have "won" in vegas with getting at least 3 free flights while trying to leave this awesome/ dreaded place. not that it has anything to do with the airport itself, but i always hate flying out back to sf because you have to go over those mountains which can be pretty choppy. you dont want your initial feeling of a approaching 35,000 feet to be of...are we going to make it over? bad feeling. even worse when you are leaving several hundred dollars poorer than when you arrived.
Its loud, its bright, its an airport in Vegas.
I have to bump up LAS to 4 stars, the brand new terminal which Alaska flies into is spacious, clean and efficient. . . Look out for the turn to Baggage Claim as it's easy to miss and they need to come up with a better way to mark/identify it. . . When you walk off the flight look up right as you come out of the gate to see your baggage claim carousel number displayed.
Just in case you didn't lose enough money in las vegas...gamble more at this airport while you wait for your flight! LoL...
Convenient access, normally pretty efficient (except for the security line at times), large and central baggage claim.  Minus one star for the addictive, incredibly tight wheel of fortune slot machines here...
Love this airport. It's fun to come into and out of with views of the strip if you are on the correct side of the aircraft. Plus it's Vegas!
My favorite International Airport for sure.  I've been through many, including LA, New York, DFW, Chicago, and SFO.  By far, McCarran is the most efficient. . . -Pros:. -Plenty of parking. -New Terminal (3 added this year). -Clean. -TSA efficient and quick. -Airline Ticketing:  efficient and quick. -Plenty restaurants, but usually quick stuff.. -Trams between gate for all you lazy one's.  Like me.. -Easy airport.  Really hard to get lost here. . -One of the more quieter airports to leave from on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays. -The Celebs.  . . Cons:. -Parking is expensive after 3 days.  But the same everywhere else. . -Slot Machines:  I don't gamble much, especially on slot machines. These machines don't pay out.  I want my $10 back!!!. -On the way in, the "Vegas Baby" crowd. -Busy Sunday, Monday, and sometimes Tuesday's.. -Big Event or Big Fight in Vegas:  Expect big crowds and long waits for a taxi. . . This is the one of the most convenient and easy airports around.  I'm not being biased either.
Gambling on an airport? yes please. This where you can squander your LV winnings or win back your money. It's a nice airport, lots of walking. The food choices are ok, nothing special, nothing bad. There seems to be a good amount of seats on the terminals, I've always found a seat.
Why 4 stars? Because it's the ambassador of the strip.. .    ---   ---   ---. . I have no idea what it's like to be a regular traveler from this airport, but what I do know is this:. . When you're excited to be making your first or rare visit to Vegas, what is cooler than stepping off the plane and seeing/hearing slot machines going crazy? You are looking dead-on at the strip from the windows of the airport, and immediately upon slots as you walk out of the air tram. . . I don't really know of a cooler way to start off a trip. Judging by the other reviews, it apparently gets old quickly. Maybe... but maybe I'm amused my colorful flashing lights and sound effects more than others.
Terminal 3 was awesome.  No more riding the tram to the D gates.
Las Vegas (LAS) McCarran International Airport has been nicely expanded, designed and renovated over the years. I arrived LAS to Delta's Terminal D. Delta does not have a Sky Club here, but, United Airlines President's club, which I am also a member is conveniently located near my arrival Gate D36 so I stopped in for some snacks and drinks. . . Upon my return to LAS at around 5:00am to return home (EWR) I found the UA club was already opened and operating with coffee and breakfast snacks so I was happy. The club had a nice selection of magazines, which I greatly appreciated. And then off to my 6:35am flight again at Gate D36 to EWR via SLC.. . LAS also features a very nice effective mono-rail between the main terminal and the sub terminals.. . The baggage claim area is also quite large, but, effective.
McCarran Airport is a busy place! Once you step inside the terminal, check-in is relatively simple. Since I travel a lot, I givethis airport 4 stars for the fact that it has TSA Precheck. . . Once you get to the terminal, the gates are pretty standard as far as convenience for a large airport, not great, not awful, but a-ok.. . If you live locally, parking is pretty convenient, a 6-floor covered garage next to the terminal. It has been a while since I've rented a car here, but as I recall the process is more convenient than most considering the size of the airport.. . Plenty of slots available to lose your money on as you wait to board, also plenty in baggage claim. What a racket! Fun though! :)  There are also lenty of stores and places to eat.
Easy to get around, security was fast, it doesn't reek of smoke like the rest of the places we went (it did reek of broken dreams though)... Slot machines, plenty of eats and Carvel! Of course it was super early in the morning so we weren't able to get any ice cream but it is nice to know it is there!
Welcome to Sin City. Everytime I left here....it was never "as planned." Thankfully the airport is a 15 minute cab ride from the strip and it does not take a long time to get through. I honestly believe they go easy on all traverlers, knowing that they most likely are hung over or still intoxicated. The airport has free wifi, clean, adequate food (full California Pizza Kitche and Cinnabon) and even slot machines if you need one more chance to win your $$$ back.
I've traveled a lot.   And I am very familiar with airports and McCarran is actually pretty good.   They handle a huge number of passengers daily.   And one must remember the passengers you see at McCarran tend to be tourist who are not used to traveling on a regular basis.  So, they move a bit slower and they get confused because they are unfamiliar.   But the airport does a great job of moving them in and out of where they want to be.    The flights tend to be on time, but a small hiccup can take a long time to clear out due to the huge volume of people coming in and out of Las Vegas.   . Like most airports, there are plenty of places to grab something to eat or drink.   They even have an oxygen bar to help you recover enough for your flight home.   The security lines actually move at a decent speed, so that's good.   I am bummed they moved the car rental lots away from the airport to a central rental center a few miles from the airport.   It adds a little time to process of travel, but it reduces the overall traffic.   Also, on the positive side, they do offer free wifi, but I find the wifi to be hit and miss.. For fun, when you arrive at McCarran, you can spot the people leaving, they look tired, very tired.   And when you get ready to depart from McCarran, you can spot the people just arriving, they have all sorts of crazy energy.   It's fun to watch. . Will I be back?   Heck yeah!   I love Las Vegas.
The new terminal 3 is lovely. Check in and security were quick. Lots of fast food options. Most stores open until 11pm.
What could you possibly say that would be negative about the entry point into the debauchery  capital of the world?. . - Slot machines, check.. - Full on liquor store in the baggage claim, check.. - High speed trams for those that took advantage of all the City had to offer that need all the help they can get to get back home, check.. . Well, they COULD set up some DFS stores in the terminals. That could be helpful.
We've been to Vegas a few times so we've passed through this airport and find it easy to navigate. It's not too large so making connections is easy. The security process is relatively quick. There seem to be a variety of eating options. I would not want to spend hours and hours here, but my impression is that it is a pretty user friendly airport. Baggage claim downstairs can take a while, but that is true anywhere these days. At least the baggage claim area is interesting to look at while waiting. And once you get your baggage it is out the door to a taxi or shuttle. The rental car shuttle is efficient and fast. Overall, this is a pretty good airport.
i like that i can get in and out fairly quickly and that access to the other gates is just a tram away. was in terminal 3 the last time i was there. really nice! id say very comparable to incheon internation airport. it would be perfect if bender from futurama or r2d2 from star wars drove the trams...
Flying to Vegas from LA was a very spoiled thing to do, especially when it only takes me about 3.5 hours to get there driving! . . Clean, big, staff was professional and helpful. . If people paid attention on what they were suppose to do then we would be in and out quicker during the strip down. =) . . Only in an Vegas Airport you would see slots while you wait to be boarded! Too funny! . . It was a painless experience, getting a cab to our hotel was easy, $20 and your there on the strip. A little advice, don't take freeway, take the streets, it's cheaper!
Overall a pretty decently laid out airport. Once you get in its pretty clear where to go to pickup your bags and get to transportation. The baggage claim area is huge so there is plenty of room to get your checked bags. From there they have limo's and shuttles at one exit, or on the other side of the building they have the cab pickup and that is well organized as well. . . There really is not that great of selection as far as places to eat or shop, so really there is not much to do if your waiting for your plane, and maybe that is a bit intentional so that you will be enticed to make your way over to the slot machines so that they can get more money out of you.
Nice new wing of the airport!  Very clean and fast, no large wait lines... yet...
I gotta be blunt. I wasn't made for Las Vegas. I'd never step foot in Nevada if not for my job. That being said, I've always had good experiences with staff and boarding and luggage etc. here. So at least i don't dread that part of flying here.
Traveling for business - One of the better airports I have seen but to be honest I am from vegas so I will always rep my city!
Easy airport to get in & out of, & convenient stores & restrooms all along. It would be nice if WiFi was free.
Vegas!  Great airport when compared to others in USA.  Well run taxi line for business travelers.  Bags don't take forever like ATL.  Slots and food.  One of my favorite airports.
***This review is for the new TERMINAL 3***. . It's been a LONG, LONG time (11 months) since I've flown into LAS (Las Vegas Airport) and wow, such a big upgrade has happened here! I don't even think Terminal 3 existed until recently! No wonder it took a good ten minutes for the plane to park at the terminal after landing (LOL). Upon my arrival from PDX to LAS and stepping into the new terminal, I didn't recognize where I was. . . PERKS. + New facility. + Helpful staff (will give you directions if you're lost). + Easy to get through TSA. + Ample room for seats (some handicapped seats). + Some slot machines if you want to gamble. + Bathrooms are equipped for you to place your luggage in the stalls. . DIRTS. - Driving around can be confusing for the "passenger pick up" - make sure you read the signs if you're going to pick someone up from Terminal 1 or 3. In addition, you may have to pass through Terminal 1's passenger pick up to get to Terminal 3's passenger pick up. . . Terminal 3 is quite modern and I'm glad LAS got an upgrade for this area. It's a tad of a further drive from the usual Terminal 1 (which I think needs an upgrade), but nonetheless for any domestic flights, you'll be passing through Terminal 3. It's not too shabby and wouldn't mind flying through here again!
Easy in and out. Can't really complain.
Die Kritiken in den Vorberichten uber lange Wartezeiten durften der Vergangenheit angehoren. Mitte 2012 wurde Terminal 2 geschlossen und gleichzeitig das nagelneue Terminal 3 fur internationale Verbindungen eroffnet. Ich habe es vor kurzem testen konnen und bin positiv angetan.. Gro, hell, luftig, ubersichtlich, perfekt ausgezeichnet. Der erste Eindruck nach der Landung. Gut, die Wege sind lang, aber bei welchem groen Flughafen sind sie es nicht. Dieser Airport zahlt zu den vier meist frequentierten Flughafen der USA. Und das ist eine Messlatte!. Die Immigration-Prozedur schnell, flussig und vor allem freundlich. Nun gut, man muss sich die Finger bzw. Hande scannen lassen, wird fotografiert. Bekommt dann aber freundliche Wunsche mit auf den Weg, den Aufenthalt zu genieen. Entscheidend ist allerdings auch, wie man selber auftritt. Norgelnde Gesichter, unangebrachte Kommentare sind nicht unbedingt hilfreich.. Bei der Zollkontrolle gibt man diesen eigenartigen Zettel ab, den man im Flugzeug ausgefullt hat. Wofur der sinnvoll ist, ist mir trotz meiner vielen Reisen in die USA bisher nicht aufgegangen. Nett jedoch auch hier der Kommentar bei der letzten Einreise: I like your hair  wo schon in der Welt wird man so begrut und die Frisur gelobt?. Die Koffer kamen zugig, wir standen ca. 15 Minuten am Band. Ist man dann im Ankunftsbereich begruen einen die ersten Spielautomaten. Man mag das kritisch kommentieren, ich mache es nicht, denn wir sind hier in Las Vegas!! Wer daran etwas auszusetzen hat, der sollte schlichtweg nicht hierher reisen. Ich bin schon recht haufig in dieser Stadt gewesen, haben noch nie auch nur einen Cent furs Gambling eingesetzt. Das kann jeder fur sich entscheiden. Und trotzdem kann man diese Stadt genieen.. Positiv ist die Nahe des Fllughafens zur Stadt. In ca. 10 Minuten ist man mit dem Taxi mittendrin. Von jedem Hotel am Strip kann man, wenn das Zimmer in einer hohen Etage ist und Richtung Flughafen blickt, das Geschehen dort wie im Kino betrachten. Und trotzdem storen keinerlei Fluggerausche in der Stadt.. Auch die Ausreise ist jetzt einfach und bequem. Bis auf die sehr prazisen Sicherheitskontrollen, die schon nerven konnen  nur: letztendlich dienen sie der eigenen Sicherheit.. Fazit: Seit Eroffnung des Terminal 3 ist der McCarran International Airport eine Flughafen, der seine Funktion reibungslos erfullt. Was mehr erwartet man als Passagier. Und wer will, kann dann auch vor dem Abflug noch die letzten Dollar und Cents an Automaten verspielen (und mit Gluck vermehren). Vier Sterne.. Tipp: Die Webseite (http://www.mccarran.com) des Airports ist sehr informativ und gibt einen guten Einblick.
Typical airport with some slots to help pass the time
Never had a problem passing through McCarran Intl Airport & the D-gate is always very clean and tidy. As longs as you follow the signs you can easily find your way. . . I love all the lights and noise coming from the slots machine because there are some airports that I've walked through that seems pretty depressing.  . The lounges that I have been inside in are great just to have a comfortable seat, some snacks, & free drinks.
It's modern and not too crowded. Free Wifi and they fly Jet Blue into Long Beach. Almost 5 stars.
Like an old rash, this place makes me itch every time I come in or out.  When landing, you get that nice rush of adrenaline, but when leaving you're twitching to get the hell out of dodge.  . . Organized decently for all the rif raff that passes through security, this airport is the MOTHER of people watching.  High tech executives, call girls, traveling conferences of sales people with cheesy suits, and cagey poker players, literally you see all kinds. . . The last time I was here was the Electronic Conference, which made it IMPOSSIBLE to eat or drink anywhere.  The super cool thing about the airport is you can grab a $20 margarita and take it back to your seat, licking your wounds after gambling.  . .  Seriously though, security is efficient, with the people cracking jokes, because I'm sure they have some GREAT stories, and getting to the gate is fairly quick.  Plus just in case you really have a gambling problem, there are tons of slot machines for your liking.  . . All in all, its entertainment while waiting to get home.
Fairly small of an airport, at least the section I was in. Unlike a lot of big airports where you have long walks before and after security, this one is pretty small. You get through security and the gates are right in front of you.
McCarran International. The airport you can leisurely gamble at and then grab a flight. McCarran has evolved quite a bit in the many years it has been here in Vegas providing tourists and locals flights to and fro.. . Currently I work at McCarran. My job to be undisclosed. I work at the new terminal "T3". The new terminal is completely different from the old. It is marble, expansive, long, sterile. It's what a lot of airports look like. But once you understand the layout it makes sense. T3 also offers gambling (although in smaller capacity than T1) and it has numerous restaurants - a chop house, quite a few fast food options, a Starbucks and a Coffee Bean. It is also just a tram ride to D gates which houses many more options for dining and shopping.. . Since T3 replaced T2 there is no T2, so there is just T1 and T3. One day, I suppose, T2 will be referred to as some strange place that really never existed *waves hands in an eerie way*. Who knows why they didn't just make T3 the new T2? We'll never know.... . As for T1 - it is in dire need of renovation, except for C-Annex and C-Gates, which houses the entire Southwest flights for the airport. A/B gates are exceptionally old, as is the security checkpoint. The whole thing should be busted up and re-created to look newer and nicer. D-Gates checkpoint is also poorly lit and stinky. The place needs a serious renovation. The actual D-Gates (which is separate from the checkpoint) is a very nice, new cosmopolitan looking establishment.. . Parking isn't terrible, but you do have to pay the meters. It's easiest just to time it right so when you pick people up you only have to pay a few bucks. Sometimes passenger pick-up can be a hassle because those cops out there really don't like you to sit around and make you drive around and around if the people you are picking up aren't there yet.. . So there you have it - the run down of McCarran.
I've never had a bad experience at the McCarran Airport.  The lines are relatively quick and efficient, the wifi is free, there are slot machines, and you can drink in the terminals (wooo Vegas!). . I was surprised that there's only one bar in the terminals since it is Vegas (Jose Cuervos Tequileria). . . I wish there were more charging stations/tables/outlets available.  I've never seen a spot at the charging station so I always end up at a restaurant to use my laptop.  . . Overall, I've never had a bad experience at this airport... I'm sure the alcohol helped :]
Free wifi, short security lanes, and clean. . . -1 star for not having many electrical outlets in Terminal D.
i love the slot machines in the airport, hahaha
Is this a casino? Nope, its an airport. But it is Vegas, so don't be surprised by the Slot Machines and drinks in the terminal! . . You know, McCarran suits me just fine. I had super easy time getting to and from my hotel with a shuttle, and getting to the plane. We flew on Alaska Air, and they had an Oxygen Bar right next to our flight gate, it was convenient and refreshing after our crazy, fun time in Vegas. . . Only thing I noticed is that there isn't many power outlets. So thats a -1. Charge your portable devices at your hotel before coming to the airports folks. Other than that, it was all good for me!
The new terminal is nice.
Review for Terminal 3:. Wow, this is a nice addition to our local airport.  I flew out to San Francisco via Virgin America and it was fabulous to be dropped off at the curb without any other cars or taxis fighting for space there.  I grabbed my luggage, rolled up to the check-out counter, checked in, got through security, and was at my gate in less than 15 minutes--woo hoo!    I was so early that I had over an hour to grab a latte at the Coffee Bean, take advantage of the free wi-fi and chill.  This terminal is spacious, clean, modern, and not crazy packed like Terminal 2, for now.
What can I say it's an airport, it has airplanes..........and so much more! Wide variety of places to eat from the pretzel place, ruby's diner, nathan's hotdog and so much more. . . Airport is kept nice and clean including the restrooms.. . Slot machines all around! If you still got the itch you can still try your luck!. . Pretty easy to navigate through this airport signs all around.. . The only knock is after you get your luggage at Terminal 3 if you decide to catch the shuttle there is a long walk from where you purchase your ticket to where the shuttle is parked! Ridiculous!
For Superbowl weekend I thought going through there was going to be a nightmare.  Surprisingly it wasnt bad at all. Lines were quick, people were friendly, and we were at our at gate with plenty of time to spare.
McCarran is a solid airport. Flying in from Dulles, you can really see the differences between an airport that tries to stay up with the times and integrate with the community (McCarran) and one that is dated and sterile (Dulles, although they are slowly getting better). . The shops and dining options here are solid. My only complaint is that there's not a place to get a good craft beer in the airport that I know of. Sure, you can get a Sam Adams or a Stella ... but those are hardly worth the buzz IMO. . . Oh. and don't play the slots and VP here ... worst odds in Vegas. Leave it at the casino.
Nice Airport. It does not take long to get through TSA and they have a number of gift shops and fast food restaurants throughout. Its neat that they have slots, but I imagine they are even tighter than the ones at the tight casinos.  They have shuttle service as low as $7, and even local bus service if you don't mind learning it.
This is a nice clean airport l, not super crowded. You can arrive for your flight an hour before departure and still easily make it a flight. It's a little more busier during afternoon and evening hours, or if there is a bigger event in town. There is an OK selection of foods etc and some decent shopping. The new terminal T3 is really nice and clean. I fly in and out of this airport twice a week. Never had any issues.
Welcome to Vegas, where you can't even walk to the baggage carousels without bumping into a slot machine.. . As others have noted, this is a modern airport with none of the dated industrial vibes that many airports (cough Dulles cough) suffer from. It's roomy, well lit and easy enough to navigate.. . My only real beef with McCarran is that you're inundated with bright, loud advertising the second you walk off the plane. Want to stay at the Wynn? Looking for great night life? Go to the local gun range to shoot machine guns? Restaurants? Show girls? You've seen it all before you even get to the baggage claim.. . But, I'd happily take this over the sterile funk of Dulles.
Las vegas airport is one of the better ones. It is just ther right size and always clean. I don't like the way you have to take a monorail but it's not that bad or that long of a ride. . . Right when you get off the plane from wherever you are coming from you automatically enter the world of VEGAS!!! Being overpriced food and slot machines. Not matter how badly you want to put your money into these machines because your super pyched your in VEGAS..... DON'T. If you want to waste your money you can just give it to me. I will waste it for you in other less meaningful ways, like drunken night Wetzels pretzels. Classic. . . One of the better things about this airport is the short term parking which I have used before. It is never crowded, super easy and cheap. Sometimes I have to pick up several people in multiple hours and this works out. . . The reason why this airport dosen't get 5 stars is because they definatly need more outlets for our best friends aka: electronics. The only one I was able to find that was not in use was on the floor in the way of the check in line. So desperate I still sat on the floor and used it. I know pathetic.
Very clean & everyone that works there is friendly. Slot machines all around, which is great for anyone that likes to gamble. There are a good amount of places to choose from when hungry or thirsty, as well as gift shops and a duty free shop. We were constantly being updated on our flight and boarding status, which is a plus. What's even cooler about this airport is being able to see the Strip from the airport & not too far a ride.
First off: prepare yourself for the taxi line. It can easily be an hour long no matter what time you get in. Might be worth a car service depending on your budget.. . That being said, any airport that has slot machines throughout is A-OK in my book. Plus, in the Delta terminal there is this magical place that will give you a massage before your flight. The perfect thing for your hangover!. . Restaurant options are slim pickings...but you're in Vegas, chances are you aren't going to eat when you land and you just need a greasy burger for that headache before you leave!
Only Vegas can have an airport like this - celebrity cameos on the TSA security screens, bars and slot machines all along the terminals, and taxi's galore lined up outside to sweep tourists efficiently out of the terminal and into the casinos. The only reason I gave this airport 4 stars is that there is still the lingering smell of smoke in certain places and due to the popularity, security lines can be very long.
Vegas baby ;-)
THAT WAS EASY. . I love flying into McCarren. I feel like the staff here are friendlier than some airports; plus it's big and clean and easy to get around.. . AND we can gamble while waiting for the flight! We actually didn't want to gamble this time. We wanted to charge our phones. There was a charging station but it was standing area and we had comfy seats at our gate. There was an outlet on the floor to plug our chargers into but it wasn't working. . . We  didn't have time to check out any of the food or bars but saw quite a few options. Lucky for us, Virgin allowed us to move to an earlier flight and we didn't spend much time in the airport!
Good job at streamliningthe check in process. I moved through the airport so quickly despite tons of march madness traffic. Hey O'Hare, what gives?
It's quick, convenient, and flights are generally in/out on time.. . I've been coming here for years, presenting to client national meetings and such.. . I LOVE the fact that for about the last 6 years the BELLS and WHISTLES on the slot machines are turned OFF in the terminals. Ahh.
Been to Vegas a few times and I have always been a fan of this airport. It is always alive, no matter what time of the day or night. Quick service, even through security. Gizillion taxis abound to whip you away when you are ready to leave. On a different note, insist that the driver does not take you on the freeway or through the tunnel to get to the strip. They essentially double the cost of the ride by doing that.
We have one of the easiest airports around- and trust me, I have been to many. The new terminal is really nice and spacious. I am having a hard time understanding why they have you go to Terminal 3 to check in, only to take the tram back to terminal 1 for the D and C gates. This makes no sense and wastes a lot of time. Ha- maybe it is so they can make more money on parking.
The closing of Terminal 2 last year and recent addition of Terminal 3 I'm sure makes people think this city is truly as dumb as they believe ("They managed to build a whole terminal before realizing they skipped '2'?") but IT IS GREAT. . . After all these years later, I still stand by my original McCarran Airport review. And one of the reasons why I still can is because of the recent addition of Terminal 3. T3 is mainly for international flights and some domestic carriers like JetBlue.. . The tram to connect to this terminal makes you feel worldly, as if you were in Heathrow or JFK. Granted, when you look out of of your plane and see the Egyptian pyramids and the Eiffel Tower together through your window it's a little disillusioning knowing it's not real, but hey, we try.
Always had a decent experience here with lines, security, and general operation and cleanliness.  I don't like that there isn't a Delta lounge here, but I like that this place has a fast entrance and exit.  Although it is a small airport, don't let it fool you.  It is run very well and efficiently.  Usually I am out and within the strip in half an hour from touching down.  There are progressive slots for you to lose money on even on the way out.
what a well oiled machine this airport is. . . . wow.. . You fly in, catch a shuttle to baggage claim, grab your bags and catch a curbside bus tothe car rental facility.  . . The lay out of the airport is easy to understand, easy to find your way around, with plenty of shops and eateries along the way.
This airport does fine, but the baggage carousel is in a bit of an enclave, then you have to go back out of it to get a cab.. . Leaving the airport was also fine.  Nothing spectacular, nothing bad.. . What makes this airport unique?  The slots.  Everywhere.  And the smoking room - more slots.. . But when you're visiting Sin City, it's really really close to where it's all at!
Picked my girlfriend up from her flight in from Miami. I have to say the parking is easy and affordable and going to baggage to great your guests couldn't be easier. I was so glad she came to town and super happy I was able swing in and pick her up and swing right back out to 215 so we could hit Summerlin for dinner.
Very nice airport! They even have a special line for pre-check.. That was a great time saver.. for those of you that fly often, its a breeze... . Very clean, nice stores.. some high end stores and great lounges.. and thats after security... Before security, there are lots of slot machines but otherwise seems like a regular airport.
Travel on a Saturday is great! Not busy at all.
Really nice Airport, just a few blocks away from the Strip, Shuttles to/from Hotels are great. Security in my case was really laid back, there was nothing special that week in Vegas, so it was really relaxed. They know, tourist that just come and leave with less money in their pockets. I liked it. Immigration Officers are really relaxed. Customs? Oh god, they didn't even ask anything. On the way back home, i still won about 20 bucks in the slot machines here. From the runway you can see the Luxor. Nice view.
I may be bias because I know my way around the lay of the land here and it's a easy in and out for me. . . But I do think in general, the proximity of the airport to the strip is very convenient for tourists, as long as they don't get  the "Las Vegas Blvd" tour from the cabs. . . They are starting to add a better selection of quick eats but still much to be desired when comparing to other metropolitan airports like San Francisco.  . . I like the new terminal because parking, and drop offs are a breeze with no traffic attendant threatening you to leave.  But I still get confused on which airline is there and the freeway signs are not that helpful in guiding you.
Not a bad airport at all. :) . The shuttle services are a cluster.. But the airport is good.
Love the free wi-fi which is stable and easy to sign in to.. . Tons of eating choices.. . Five bucks for a bottle of Perrier is a rip off but otherwise things are fairly priced.. . Easy to navigate. It's actually a short walk so you don't have to take the tram.. . Security lines can be VERY long at times so I always leave time to be safe.. . Oh ya, nice having slots in the terminal in case you have time to kill!  :). . Keep up the good work.
The Free wifi is the bomb!  . . Lots of food choices and shopping plus quiet areas to kill time!  . . The big plus that Las Vegas (and Reno Airport) have as a crazy advantage is the plethora of slot machines to kill the time.  You'd wonder why more airports wouldn't put in slot machines.  Maybe then they wouldn't have to charge so damm much for food or you could get a drink from a cocktail waitress!  Lol!
Slot machines in the airport! Yay, double up, yay yay!. So my usual loves or hates for airports are how many food offerings they have and how easy it is to navigate the airport. There is a decent amount of places for food and drink here and it's a super easy airport to traverse. . The bathrooms are typically pretty clean here as well which always makes me happy. No one wants to do that 'I just got off the plane' bathroom stop in a cockroach mixer. "Hey, how you doin'?" "Hehehe... he's such a dreamboat cockroach!" *swoon* . It can get to be a little smokey smelling around the glass walls of nicotine but I can overlook that as I also have the opportunity to win some of my money back on some shiny and noisy slot machines. . Usually I fly through security pretty quickly here but there have been times that it's taken entirely too long. As long as the rarity is the long and painful wait I think we're doing alright here. . This airport signifies awesome funsies about to happen when I land and the horrible reality of having to get back to real life when departing. . I'm a fan.
Can I complain about an airport with a liquor store in it?!!  I think not.  I had carry-ons so I didn't have to deal with the baggage claim mess.  But I did have to meet my niece there.  I had no problem finding it.  As soon as I found my niece..........we went straight to the liquor store.  Super-duper overpriced!  But no biggie.........we're in VEGAS!!!
Gamble right in the airport only in vegas
Pros: Small airport that is easy to get to. . Cons: I had to wait in the security line for over half an hour because they had only ONE SECURITY gate open. ONE. Good thing I got the later flight.. . Decent selection of eateries once past security (Wendy's, Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf).. . Good selection of airlines - Southwest has a flight from LV to Burbank, CA.
This is one of my favorite airports I have ever been too. The best thing I think is the free wifi, that is hard to find at airports. The restaurants are good.
There's slot machines at every corner in the airport so the action doesn't stop.  It's clean and fairly modern and easy to navigate.  If you have more than 3 or more people with you, avoid the hotel/airport shuttles and go for a limo...it'll actually be cheaper.
no bad...it's a airport lolz
I love the variety of concourse food options, the wii access and the comfortable chairs. I have been in some divey airports to see this airport has a lot to offer.
This was the first time for me using the new Terminal 3 at McCarran... One word, awesome, can sum it up! This new terminal definitely has the wow factor built in... Big, open areas leading to the arrival/departure gates, nice restaurants and shops, well lit and lots of room to move around. There is an airport train system that will transport you to the baggage claim area and after you get your bags, easy access to ground transportation is right outside the doors.  The most impressive feature for me was the escalators and stairs down to the lower level where the train system is.  It gave me the feeling of being in a huge hall type setting and was quite nice. It's a big improvement to the old terminal which I had grown so accustomed to over the many years of flying into Las Vegas. I had to navigate the new terminal, but by the time I left, it was a snap!
McCarran is an easy airport to navigate.  I have flown out of here a few times and have had no problems.  But, for the past few years it's been all about pick-ups and drop offs.  I get a lot of family who will come in and stay with me for their vacations.  So, the airport gets a lot of use from me.  There are times that I have to go in to wait for a delayed flight and I can lose a little bit of cash on the slot machines.  But, it's comfortable and there are plenty of places to sit to people watch while passing the time.
The airport is right beside the Las Vegas strip, which is nice and convenient to put you right where the action is. The international terminal is the newly renovated terminal 3. It's a nice terminal with a whole whackload of different airlines and some places to eat, purchase random stuff, and even gamble (they have slot machines).. . Taxis to the south end of the strip will run you around $15-20. They also have shuttle buses that run for $7 one way to hotels on the strip.
I won $3.00 at the slot machines!! Cheap thrills, I tell you.. . You know, if I was homeless, living at McCarran wouldn't be a bad thing. It has free Wi-Fi, and it works spectacularly. It has places to eat...not great places, but they will suffice. (Side note: Although, $4.09 for a bottle of water does almost put me into cardiac arrest). They even have an oxygen bar...for...I'm not sure...but they have an oxygen bar!!. . Flew into McCarran for a two hour layover...and thought about going to the Strip for a bit since it's so close and I had two hours. Instead I spent it on the slot machines in front of me and utilized the Wi-Fi. They do have stretches of charging stations, and the big columns (at least in Terminal C) have outlets on them facing the windows. Glad I didn't leave the airport after I read all of these horror stories about checking in bags and standing in TSA lines. I'll be back in a month for a conference, and I'll be sure to only bring carry-ons.. . My two hours were spent wide-eyed playing the slot machines and utilizing the Wi-Fi. And then had this conversation:. Friend: What do you mean you didn't go to the Strip??!?!. Me: They have slot machines in the airport! I won!. Friend: The Miss USA pageant was the next day! There were hot girls on the strip!!. Me: Ok. And???. Friend: Hot girls!. Me: If the Mr. USA pageant was being held, I might have gone.. Friend: Geez. The least you could have done was to go get me some phone numbers.. Me: I'll split my winnings with you??!?. . Oh, McCarran. Apparently all I need is Wi-Fi and an extra $3 to be a happy girl. That $3 didn't even cover my orangeade.
Despite the fact that I don't gamble I'm a Vegas tragic:  Love the pools, the buffets, the neon, and the trashy glitz.  So I'm always stoked to land at McCarran and hear the pinging of the slot machines.  As other reviewers have noted the people watching here is EXCEPTIONAL.  There are always bonafide cowboys with hats and boots and bowler ties rambling about and old men with  young, peroxide blondegirlfriends in tow.  Also, wiry, weathered women with mullets, and midwestern tourists with fanny packs and giant white sneakers.  America at it's best (or at least, most fascinating).  Staff here is friendly and helpful and the new terminal is pretty nice.. . I love landing here for the spectacular views of the surrounding mountains/Hoover dam and the Strip.  Indeed, the runway is literally blocks from the Strip, making McCarren pretty much smack dab in the middle the city.
McCarran, as you can imagine, is quite a busy airport. With people flying in constantly from all over the world, the airport must keep up with the constant traffic, and I think they do a great job of this. They have shuttles constantly coming to and from the airport delivering and returning visitors from the strip. They also have a monorail line that drops people off right inside the terminals. As soon as you get off your plane, there are slot machines available. They don't waste any time with the gambling options. There are lots of slot machines throughout the massive airport, which makes for a good last ditch effort to win some money before you fly away back to your normal life. There are plenty of food options in the airport along with stores and other venues of entertainment. The airport is relatively easy to navigate, it's clean, and the staff seems somewhat cheery. I definitely approve of the airport.
They have recently renovated this airport and made it much easier to get to your airline.  They use to make you take stair escalators and floor escalators and then a tram... now you just get dropped off at your airline and you are there!. . There are lots of signs around.  The only thing I didn't like was they don't honor Jetblue's cut the security line pass.. . The food options aren't great but they are quick.
Slot machines in an airport. Need I say more?. . I don't need to, but I will. The airport itself is located near the strip and a quick taxi ride will get you where you need to be. The problem is... the wait to get that taxi is very very long. Not cool. That is my biggest complaint about this airport. Inside, there are plenty of yummy places to eat at, seats to sit on, and places to purchase those last minute pairs of fuzzy dice for your car. And did i mention they have slot machines??
This airport can be insane but I seem to always travel on off days so good for me!. . Don't be afraid to play the slots here!  I've won $1,000 on a Wheel of Fortune slot before though flying home with all that cash in my pocket did kind of freak me out!
Concourse D is so gorgeous. Flights for UAL and Virgin located there. Centurion Lounge also located there. Terminal 3 newer. Terminal 1 is dowdy, dated, and rundown. SWA operates out of T1.
Clean and lively. Make sure you have your walking shoes on because the concourses are very long.
This airport is pretty insane crowd wise, but I find it easy to navigate and find your way through the sea of people.   Its a fairly large airport so make sure you have your walking shoes on!   Baggage claim is huge, but it includes a liquor store (also selling beer & wine) so grab a bottle while you wait for your bags to come out.  The taxi line is also super long, but this airport has it down to a science and the line moves quickly!  I recommend reserving sedan service to avoid the taxi stand.. not too expensive and a fast in/out out of the airport.. . The terminal restaurants around could be improved, but you can find your staple quick bite places around (ie burger king).   If quick bites aren't your thing, def. plan to grab something prior to heading to the airport.   There are also several slot machines around so if you didn't get your fix during your trip, you can try your luck on the airport slots!
Terminal 3 is very nice.  Very clean.
Las Vegas is definitely one of my favorite cities to be in because of the amazing memories, days and nights of debauchery, gambling, and always having a good time.  It's also great that the airport is organized, easy to navigate around and has an efficient taxi line system.  There's also a lot of cafes, dining choices, and convenience stores located throughout the terminals.. . There's several baggage claims but luggage comes out pretty quick and effective.  There's a lot of kiosks located outside of check-in areas to print out your ticket instead of having to talk to a guest attendant.. . This airport is amazing!  You get to see everybody arriving super excited to get onto to strip, and everybody leaving hurting and tired from the festivities of their trip.
This was one of the better airports I've been in this year. . . The check in desks were practically empty at United Priority line. The security lines moved fast (if you fly first class make sure you find your correct line because they tend to assume everyone is coach and they'll make you wait forever). . THe united lounge was gorgeous with a great view of vegas and the desert. A nice assortment of restaurants and of course you can gamble here. . . It's rather large and if you lack the ability to pay attention you will get lost. I found the signs were very clear and the airline also posted directions on what trams to take to which gates.. . Very pleasant expereince for me
What a lovely new terminal. It's giant, spacious, clean, and wonderfully designed. It stands in stark contrast to LAX and the old McCarran terminal.
Ilove the new terminal!! more organized and modern.. However, they need to put more coffee shops/restaurants
Its so weird you could Yelp an airport, but anyway this is an interesting airport. Ca-ching! Slots in an airport, what could be better? I came and left McCarran from SFO and it was a smooth transition. Airports are hectic, loud places, and so I expect any airport to be the same. McCarran is easy to navigate and I was able to hail a taxicab to my conference easily. This one is different with the obvious slot machines and the way it feels like you are about to enter paradise, or leave it :( This is one airport that I was glad my flight was delayed so I could waste my money and lose.
I like McCarran airport.  One of the most efficient airports that I've ever flown in/out of.  One of the nice points is that there's things to do ( shop and eat) prior to security, and once through......tons and you can gamble.. . I wish all airports were this good
I always hate leaving this place!
As many times as I been to Las Vegas, I usually naver have an issuse with McCarran airport. It's clean and full of slot machines, which gets you ready for the casinos. Slot machines, massages and Starbucks are A-OK in my book.
One of the better airports I've been to, and I've been to a lot of them. Domestic and International. T3 is a nice extension to the original floorplan. Nice clean and airporertically inconvient at times, but what are you gonna do. . Two thumbs up.
Been through McCarran for two trips and so far I have a neutral view of it (leaning toward the positive side). Quick to get in and out. Good signage. Heard that the taxi line rivals the Disneyland lines, but both times I barely had to wait to get in a taxi.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 97/100. . When my family and I first moved to Vegas, I found the McCarran simpler in design and size-wise, a tad smaller compared to the Hong Kong International Airport (where we came from). Nonetheless, it's made its way into my heart over the years and the newly constructed Terminal 3 is looking spotless!. . My last air trip happened last month from Oakland to Long Beach - Long Beach to Vegas. As we arrived in Vegas, we were up and done with baggage in about 5-10 minutes at Terminal 3. And who happens to forget that a shuttle bus needs to be taken to Terminal 1? This girl. I got lost for awhile and found myself walking around in circles until one of the janitors was helpful enough to lead me to the shuttle bus stop. . . There, I was picked up and for less than a 15-minute parking, fees were waived. Thanks to the clear signs, the passenger pick-up area does not take long to navigate. Place runs like clock-work and I'm already excited for my next trip - whenever that's going to be!
Wow Vegas! Haven't been to this airport in 2 years and the upgrades you've made are fantastic. . . Much bigger airport. More food options. Clean!!! And no smoky smell. Thank you for Terminal 3!!!
Not the worst airport, lots of Starbucks. Lol.  Lines are always long, but parking always available..  Workers are usually polite, but not always..  Nice ace to visit but I wouldn't want to live here.
Don't gamble at the airport. The games are better on the strip! If you get here at a peak time, you will wait a long time for your luggage. And I mean a LONG time like over an hour. Sometimes it's best to just go have a drink instead of standing there waiting for something to happen.. . Also, they tell you to get there two hours before your flight leaves. Don't believe them unless you are leaving at 5:00p on a Sunday afternoon or something like that. Flights before 11:00a are a piece of cake to make even with security.. . Cabs are easy to find. If you pay more than 25 bucks to get to a hotel on the strip, you have been screwed by your cabbie. Remember that when he looks at you like it's time for a tip. To give you an idea of how to measure, the Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo are all about $15 - $20 to the airport. If they try charging you more, they are robbing you.
One of my favorite airports and here are the top 10 reasons:. 1) I never seem to wait on long lines to get in and out.. 2) There is always something to entertain me, especially the videos in the security line with klingons, blue man group and kiss.. 3) You can't really get lost as everything ends up connected. 4) There are no outdoor skycaps trying to steal my luggage and send it to Rhode Island. 5) great place to people watch. 6) great flight exhibit by the parking entrance. 7) good shopping.. 8) It is the only airport in the U.S. you can win money at a slot machine.. 9)The people who man the ticket counters are actually quite helpful.. 10) It is very close to the strip.. . Why not 4 stars you say?  Here are the top 5 reasons:. 1) You do a lot of needless walking.  You get to walk by empty ticket counters to get to Spirit or Southwest because they are too lazy to move them closer.. 2) Lots of driving to get into the airport and the signage isn't great.. 3) The slot machines are bad payouts and annoying after a while.. 4) Horrible food options.. 5) why do i need to shop at coach in an airport.
Hard to believe that you can like an airport because it's an airport, but I like this airport.. . Usually it's so boring waiting for your flight, but it's great here because of the slot machines. I really don't think any other airports have this. It's fun to play and fun to watch other people play. . . It makes this airport stand out for sure. I never even knew this airport had slot machines, but I was surprised when I got off the airplane and heard the slot machine noises. It was a nice reminder that I was in Vegas. If all airports were like this, it would be a lot more fun to fly.
I love flying out to and from Las Vegas, thanks to this airport. Nice, clean, plenty of shuttles, with a large space, which makes it very convenient and non-congested. Very much unlike LAX which is the worst. The slot machines while you wait for your flight is an added bonus, cha-ching!
I guess I'll start off by stating the obvious and say that one cool thing about this airport is that you still have a chance to "win" your losses back with their ever so cleverly placed slot machines throughout the airport (those sneaky little devils them).. . Given that it's an international Airport it's safe to say that its bustling almost all year round. Expect long lines, long walks to your gate (that's if you're one of lucky ones) and the occasional rude people trying to get from point A to point B but hating life and affecting everybody else in their path. Although I must say SWA has done a pretty good job at narrowing down the long lines by opening more TSA stands and body scanners.. . Because it's the dessert you can almost always count on delays due to bad weather. It's fairly clean for being so busy, many restaurant and fast food options and drink bars to choose from such as Jamba juice, Starbucks, coffee bean, ect., . . You would think that with the amount of traffic that goes through this place  they would be more accommodating  by having more electrical outlet stations but for now you'll have to keep an eye open and race your way towards one when you spot it. You'll find them alongside the walls or located on the bottoms of the round support beams that run alongside the windows. Other then that not much else to say.. . Hope this helps.
this airport is kinda funny looking. . . if you love starbucks, this is prob your place to hang out lol...theres like 30 bajillion. just turn around in one spot and you'll see 3. LOL.. . this airport is very confusing at times, like it didnt make sense.. . one great thing is, theres plenty of bathrooms. but they all smell like shit. like i know we shit in there and thats the smell, but damn can we get like a spray?
Lots of slots to gamble if you're bored and waiting for your flight. Decent airport....doesn't take long to get through security. Plenty of food to choose from and eat. . . Been here 3-4x , not bad
An easy airport to get in and out of.  It feels clean and comfortable for being as busy as it is.  There are lots of food choices including Jersey Mike's and Pei Wei.  Of course being a Las Vegas there are the every present slot machines to entertain you while you are waiting.  . . Over the past few years they have made adjustments to the the security check-in and are able to move you through very quickly.  This is a big plus.
Zunachst einmal das Beste: Die Nahe zur Stadt. Wenn man nicht gerade zur Rush-Hour unterwegs ist, kommt man in rund 10 an den Strip. . Mit dem Umzug ins neue Terminal wurde auch alles moderner  nicht unbedingt schneller. . Der Rest ist US-Standart.
They have recently updated this airport and its easier to get to your airline....yes! You have plenty of restaurants & bars to choose from at each terminal. Most flights are always on time, but Sunday is the most cramped day here. Cool airport here in vegas
This place is huge I should have checked in my carry on bag if I knew I had to walk a quarter mile from the airplane to the baggage claim.  And the line for the ya I is like a freakin theme park line.
Take advantage of the free WiFi!
Get you in and out. Really like this airport especially the slot machines. The security was really quick. I also like how they have the rental cars off sight and you catch a shuttle over. It is quick and efficient.
As a frequent traveler I am harshly critical of airport facilities and how they are managed. Although there are many features of the McCarran Las Vegas Airport (LAS) that I like, the parking fees are exorbitant, baggage handling is atrocious and takes far too long to arrive on the carousel, and like many airports, the payout and design are optimized for maximum inconvenience to travelers. Of course, McCarran is one of the few airports with gambling and slot machines, and the Oxygen Bar is more than just a novelty. The people moving trams are fast and efficient, with frequent pick ups on two tracks. Lots of great shopping, some interesting displays and several places to eat that are better than what is at most airports. Beware of the taxi stand on certain busy days! I have seen waits of over 45 minutes while moving through an impossibly long line to get a cab after waiting more than 30 minutes for luggage to start rolling on the carousel.  There are times when getting out of this airport will test anyone's patience, due to heavy passenger volume.  All in all, this is a unique and special airport, and don't forget to check out the pink 1957 Ford Thunderbird that was originally used as a giant fire extinguisher for the airport's outside gate areas... It is truly a one of a kind!
Very busy airport.  It has a lot of options for food though, even a Jamba Juice.  Plenty of room to find a seat and people watch as people come and leave Vegas.  It makes waiting for the plane much more pleasant.
I have been to McCarran many times over the past few years, so I was quite surprised when I stopped by for a visit a couple weeks ago. I thought that I may have got on the wrong flight. It took a little while to realize that the new D concourse is open, and it looks great. It reminds me of the Denver and Pittsburgh airports with its tram that takes you from the terminal to the airport entrance. On the way out, the security lines were short, and I easily got to my flight without a hassle. There's still slot machines everywhere (big surprise), and tons of great places to eat. I'm a little disappointed that it is no longer a U.S. Airways hub, but there is still plenty of service to and from all the major cities.
Free wi-fi, plenty of food options, and the check-in and TSA lines are pretty efficient.   That's about as good as it gets for modern air travel.
Outbound, whats not to like. It's an airport, they serve food, drinks and it has gambling.  Terminal 3 is the BOMB, albeit slightly vacant.  The main terminal can get very crowded.  If you're flying Southwest, best to get there 2 hrs early.
Yes I agree it is a easy airport to get in and out.  They have friendly screening people. Slot machines galore
It's an airport
As your landing into McCarran, you can see literally see the strip like a lit up amusement park. Naturally, you can get ready for the carnival of sorts that is the McCarran Airport. . . With Blinged out Gift Shops, Oxogen bars, Smoking and Gambling Rooms and Slot Machines everywhere - it's reflective of the city itself. I only wish they had a couple nicer upscale restaurants.. . We walked around for awhile looking for the best place to get some appetizers and drinks and fell flat. Oh well, it's an airport. We were only stopped over until our next flight home.
I love the Vegas airport b/c even though it's big, it feels small. There are several places to eat and get coffee. There's a 24 hour fitness if you feel like working out, they have a monorail that takes you between terminals, it's conveniently located near the strip, and some of the hotels like MGM have a desk by baggage claim so you can check in to your room upon arrival! How freaking awesome is that?! And yest they have slot machine, I don't gamble but my cousin won $4k during a 70 minute layover one time in Vegas!
Nice and Clean Airport,I'm A Fannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Terminal 1 gets 3 stars and Terminal 3 get 5 stars.. . Terminal 1 is a decent airport plagued by drab and dated interior. The carpeted floors, odd smell, and terrible food options make it a mess. The slot machines and the obnoxious "Vegas" decor gives the airport a unique style which I kinda dig. . . Anyway, going through security isn't too bad. The employees do their jobs and most are really friendly. When my boarding pass didn't indicate my gate number, I asked a security guy for help and he pressed some buttons on his phone and within minutes he got the number. . . Parking here is okay. It's easy to navigate and use. Pick-up and drop-off areas can be hell, but that's always expected.. . The new and gorgeous Terminal 3 is the clear favorite. Modern and it smells great; the terminal upgrades McCarran's reputation. Once you get passed security, you're rewarded with slots (if that's your thing), shopping, and decent dining. I just wished there were more outlet plugs to charge your electronics. Oh well, it beats nasty-ass Laguardia to a pulp.
Small quaint little airport. Pretty nice not the fanciest. You can gamble if you like there. Luggage is weird. You have to take a train to another area to get your luggage. Shuttle to the strip is easy and cheap, 7 dollars one way. Better then driving and cheaper and more relaxing.
This is such a clean, well-run airport.  I was surprised with how quickly i made it through security and how friendly everyone is with as many people as they get flying in and out of here.  My only complaint is that the wait staff in the restaurants are slow.  Not really a complaint of the airport itself.
Aah, Vegas. The only place where ordering a drink before 10 isnt frowned on and slot machines greet you at the gate!
Not too shabby for an airport! They are generally quick with baggage which is a big bonus for me as I usually don't get in until ten pm and want to party ASAP. Workers are pretty nice and helpful. I once lost my boarding pass and they were able to print out another one for me. Oh and if you're in the mood to gamble upon arrival, there are slot machines right as you step off the plane.
I used to hate having to fly into the Vegas airport but now that a lot of the renovations are complete by the southwest gates it is so much better.  It doesn't seem to have that nasty smell anymore and there are way more options for food.  . . Also this is a great place to people watch no matter what time of day!
This is my hometown airport so it's hard to write a bad review (you know, local pride and all that). I fly in and out of McCarran a lot. It's a serviceable airport with fairly easy parking and decent services. It's an older airport so it shows its age, but since Vegas attracts tourists from all walks of life from all over the world, it's a great place to people watch between flights. My favorite is to watch when people get off a plane from, say, Newark, and then they head straight for the in-airport slot machines. Only in Vegas. The new Terminal 3 wing is super nice and shiny but lacks adequate seating (and the security lines can be ridiculously long). If you are traveling out of Terminal 3 you need to allow at least 30 more minutes than you think you need.
I pick up lots of people here, everyone wants to visit Vegas, official taxi, I think not, but I come here often enough. Picking people up is a bit more challenging then dropping them off, but I love visitors!
Any airport that has a Popeye's Chicken and Biscuit is a friend of mine.  Always fun to watch people losing their last pocket change in the slots in the terminals.
This place is really a 3 star, but since they have gambling, I obviously have to bump it up to 4. Even if I lost more money here than I did my entire time in Vegas. . . It's a fairly convenient airport, located close to the strip. I stayed at the Signature at the MGM Grand and my cab ride was only about $10. . . Plenty of food options, security lines go quickly, and so do the airline check-in lines. Southwest is a major carrier here(who I have flown both times I've been to McCarran), so they have plenty of attendants available as well as curb-side check-in.
I give it 4*'s cause it's Southwest Airlines.  Always affordable.. But, DAMN!!!!. This airport needs to be 500% bigger!  It's busier in here, then on the strip!
An airport is an airport, what can I really say. I can see their constructing sometimes, which means they always have room for improvement. If this was a suggestion box, I would suggest to have more amenities, such as more lounge chairs with charging areas. I feel that McCarran doesn't have enough, the charging stations are always crowded and it's almost impossible to get a spot. The shops are really no fun to shop at because many of their products are outdated. I think the baggage claim area is pretty efficient because it's all in one area and they have many exits, so it's not hard to get out. I go to McCarran quite often, so I know exactly where I'm going.
You know you have arrived in Las Vegas when there are slot machines in the airport.
Best to come and leave opposite of the mad crowd!
There is a saying, that a fool and their money are quickly parted and in no other place is that truer than Adult Disney World, aka Las Vegas. My gateway into this magical theme Park is McMcarran International Airport. Upon arriving, the single most important goal is to leave the airport terminal without spending a dime. This challenge alone can prove to be a difficult one with all of the shops, MGM Grand check-in area where you can purchase Cirque du Soleil tickets, the gambling machines, or the liquor store in the Terminal 1 baggage claim.. . After mastering this task, what could be one of the most difficult tasks depending on how hard you pregame on the flight to Vega is getting a taxi. I have witnessed many a times others fail what I like to call the walk of sobriety test and fall and knock out a good portion of the line ropes for the taxi line. Depending on your flight, the line can be long, but Vegas knows how to keep things moving and they get people into waiting taxis  like it is no one's business. If taxis aren't your cup of tea, there is a shared vans that can take you your hotel for a flat rate, but be prepared to make multiple stops depending on what hotel you are staying at and you could lose some time. If you are a high roller or want to spend over $50 or have a large group of friends, just hire a limo. **Word to the out of not so wise when taking a taxi, make sure they don't take you on the highway when going down the strip, this can increase your bill** . . Once your visit has concluded, LAS has some of the fastest security if you are able to access the Pre-Check or Priority line. I would caution that I would arrive to the airport about an hour early, as you might have to take the terminal train, and there is nothing like ending your trip sprinting down the terminal to try and catch a flight home.
McCarran from a Vegas local's perspective.... . Pros: Lots of airline choices, including true international flights. . Centrally located with easy access to I-215 and the Strip. . Las Vegas has a lot of taxis...you won't be waiting for a cab. . Cheap short term parking. $2 to park, go meet someone and grab their stuff then get the heck out of there. And you can pay before you even get back in the car. A quick stop at the gate at the bottom of the parking garage to feed the machine your ticket and you're outta there. . . Cons: The highway signage for where to go for arrivals vs. departures is confusing. The loops and turns and various ramps coming in and splitting off as you try and get to where you can drop someone off is just bad roadway design, period. . The Airport Police on the departure side of the terminal and that work the pedestrian gates allowing taxis access on the arrival side can be surly and have a serious attitude. . The interior advertising needs some updating and some more variety of ads. If someone's flight is delayed coming in you'll have the Venetian ad music stuck in your head for days. And seriously, we've got so much here to see, do we really need more Chris Angel promos? Ugh. . Arriving passengers coming into the D Gates seem to get confused on how to board the tram if they're not going to Terminal 3. I'm used to getting the call...how in the heck do I get to the terminal? Bad signage. It sucks. . Oh and if you're tired or had a little too much Vegas you're going to walk a lot from checking in to getting on the plane. It's like are we freakin there yet and you've still got more walking to do. . . Don't forget if you arrive at McCarran and catch a cab and the driver takes you to the Strip via the Airport Tunnel you just got screwed...it's called longhauling. Don't put up with it, Google the Taxi Authority phone number and report that cab. The faster, cheaper way to the strip is not via the Interstate and the tunnel. . . All things considered I still like McCarran...where else can you play loose slots while waiting on a flight? For picking up out of town guests I can get in and out pretty fast now that I'm familiar with the place.
When you arrive here, your problems disappear temporarily for the weekend or how ever long you stay. Temptation is around every corner at this airport! Slots, alcohol, and beautiful people...Oh my!. . Navigating through the terminals can be a pain in the rear. Once arriving to your terminal or baggage claim, good luck waiting in long lines or mobs of people eagerly waiting for food or their precious luggage. Luckily for me was I was traveling alone so I had no set backs. Then again, some company would have been nice. I just couldn't do a road trip this time.. . On peak days such as the weekends, expect all transportation lines (taxi, shuttle, limo) to be very long!  Long lines outside during the summer or winter in Las Vegas, something you don't want to experience. Trust me!. . Since I don't have the ability to fly like Superman, I will just settle with McCarran International Airport until that day comes.
The sights and sounds of Las Vegas immediately greet travelers here: banks of slot machines and throngs of obnoxious vacationers. Yippee.. . It was a quick and painless procedure to get from my plane to baggage claim, and then on to a $7.50 multi-stop shuttle to a hotel on the Strip. I looked into just walking to the hotel from the airport (it's just on the other side of the fence from the runways), but the consensus seemed to be that it is inadvisable.
"Also those stupid fuckin metal armrest in all seats by the gates. Fuck that shit. I wanna lay horizontal. I showed these assholes tho. See my nook you turds! I win.". . Well that previous statement was the language sitting in my review template for a while.  Guess I was mad about the metal armrests on the seats.  I also guess I had a great time in Vegas.  . . Yay slots in the airport.  Makes a delay tolerable. The TSA is also fun here.  They made fun of me when I walked through smelling like a distillery and clearly in my clothes from the night before...respect!!!
First review of this airport.  For Vegas I have to say I'm pretty impressed.  The place was clean, it didn't smell of cigarettes/cigars and overall I didn't have any issues (other than one of the trams was down so it backed everyone up getting to the main terminal) and overall I think this is a great little airport.  The way they handle the taxi line should be mimicked by other airports.  There was huge line (maybe 100 people in front of me) and I was in a taxi in no time.
This is an efficient airport from my perspective  On arrival, our bags were at the bag carousel by the time wegot to them and you can walk directly to taxi stand in just a few minutes without going down an escalator or taking a train from a satellite terminal.  . . We can get to the airport from the strip in 20 minutes although the traffic lights seem to last forever, maybe 2 or 3 minutes.  We travelled by Alaska Air and there's curb check-in that we spent less than 5 minutes to be rid of our bags.  . . Then, you can be having a beer or coffee as soon as you can get through the TSA which reminds me of being in a line at Disneyland.
Fist time flew to Vegas, first time been to this airport, it's been remodeled from what I 'v heard? This airport is nice, lots of restaurants and stores. Luggage claim area is huge and clean, well, the entire airport is clean, neat and not confusing at all! I liked it! . . We ate at Chophouse & Brewery before boarding, it was relaxing, the draft beer was tasty, too bad we didn't have enough time to walk around, I wanted to check things out... Maybe next time :)
LAS:. . There are 2 terminals at McCarran International Airport (T1 and T3). T1(A-C) has a majority Southwest Airline flights. T3-D domestic, and T3-E domestic and international. Terminal T3 is the newest terminal at the airport. D has a linear design and E is designed like an X. All terminals are connected via an underground train.. . T3 has a great design. High ceilings, lots of windows, ample seating in gate areas. I have not noticed any cramped areas throughout T3. I don't shop at airports, but there seems to be enough retail scattered around. There are recharge stations all over the airport. They are much better than the freestanding Samsung charging stations I see at most airports. There are electrical outlets and usb ports at each station.. . T3 Baggage claim also has a linear design. If your luggage is sent to a high number claim carousel, then prepare yourself for a long walk. 1,2,3,4,5,6... are we there yet.... 15,16,17.... not yet.... 20! Made it! Ok, that is definitely an extreme exaggeration, but it is a noticeably long walk depending on the carousel your flight is assigned.. . Before the construction of T3, I've flown into T1. Nothing special about it unless they have done some upgrades/remodeling. I doubt it.. . Wifi:. Free. No Boingo!!!!. . Public Transportation:. Take a cab to/from the strip and make sure the driver doesn't take the freeway.. . Offsite Traffic:. It's Vegas.. . Offsite Parking:. Why do you have a car? Unless you're going to the Grand Canyon.. . Slot Machines:. Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding... so annoying.. . Terminal 1:. Old and definitely not 4 stars. But T3 makes up for it.
This Airport is a lot like the city its self.  BOLD AND BRASH!. . Within a few feet of my gate, there were slots.  And there continued to be slots every 50 or so feet. Welcome to Las Vegas people! . . I was very impressed by how clean this airport was, I was expecting much less, but wow, they keep it up. The selection of venues to eat at too? Amazing.  Lots of little high end shops line the walk way down tobaggage claim.. . But Baggage claim... now that, unto it's own, is .. just WOW!. . Here is where you're inundated with the Las Vegas experience for the first time FOR REAL! Posters proclaim what shows, TV Monitors show you what stars are there, Hear the beep and roll of slots as you queue up for your bags and it can be a bit over whelming, but I'll tell you what, it did bring a smile to my face.   . . Apparently the whole city is celebrating Brittany's arrival too, because she is literally EVERYWHERE. Move over Celene & Chris, there's a new B**ch in town! . . The parking garage is convoluted and paying for parking before you even get to your car to leave floors me, but hey, new concepts are new.  All in all, it's a pretty cool place to visit! I can't wait to come back again.
You know you're in Vegas when there are slot machines at the airport. . . This one of the few airports that gets you excited upon off-boarding the plane. There's the distinct sound of bell chimes from the slot machines in the air as you gravitate towards them as if you were hypnotized. Well, it has that effect on the Wifey, but not me. *coughs, coughs*. . You see the big "Welcome To Las Vegas" sign inside the terminal as you approach the baggage claim area and you get more excited at what lies ahead. . . The layout of the airport is pretty basic and easy to navigate. They even have free shuttles provided to take you to the car rental facility just a few miles from the airport; 420 seconds according to the shuttle driver from either direction.. . And the FREE Wi-Fi is a lot stronger and better compared to SFO's Wi-Fi.
Las Vegas' main international airport is not too shabby at all.. . Getting off the plane, the first thing you notice are the slot machines.  You know you're in Vegas when you see these!  Despite arriving here during Thanksgiving weekend the airport processes were smooth.  We got off, it took 5 minutes to get our bags, and it was easy to get to the car rental center via an awaiting shuttle bus.  I also like how friendly the staaff here is; of course, with Vegas being a hot spot for weekenders and tourists, they definitely need to make that first impression count.. . The car rental area thankfully is in a separate facility from the airport terminal.  All the major car rental companies are under one roof.  They always stock cars and are helpful at least the desk.. . If you fly into Vegas, you will, most likely come through McCarran International Airport.  Fortunately I haven't had issues while travelling through here.
Any trip that ends here is usually a good one when it comes to visiting Las Vegas!  We came into a new wing this time that appeared to be newly built and renovated.  For a place that is visited as often as it is visited, this airport more than fits the needs of a city that lives to entertain!
My husband and I used this airport for our Thanksgiving vacation this year.. . Since this Yelp is for the actual airport and not the flight services, overall a good experience.. . -The bus to/from the economy lot is VERY helpful! Loved that I didnt have to lift my heavy luggage into the back. Drivers were friendly and made conversation. . . -The ticket counter like was quick (then again it was 5am!). They got our luggage sent off to the plane in a timely manner. . . -We were going to get some breakfast at the USO before heading to the terminal, but they were closed! (Again, it was 5 am, but still bummed!). . -Security had a few people checking tickets and ID's which made the line very short. TSA was quick on scanning our belongings and self's. They were very thorough on their searches too!. . -The terminal was nice, looked remodeled since last time I had been there (probably close to 6 years ago). Not many places were open, but the necessities were (Starbucks a Cinnabon!) Since arriving early, we had plenty of time to play some slots! My husband scored us some extra cash for our trip which was nice! . . Overall, nice airport. Will be back. Its cheaper to fly out of Vegas than San Diego, out of the way, but we have to drop the dogs off in AZ at family's when traveling so its perfect!
Zum vierten Mal angekommen - und man gibt gerne zu: Klasse Airport!. Gute - einfache Wege in dem Casino Airport #1. auch hier uberall die Slot Maschines - welcome to Las Vegas!. Vegas International Airport hat alles was man benotigt. Recht gute und schnelle Abwicklung, auch der Tram Verkehr zwischen den Terminals und zB Baggage Claim, es funktioniert einfach alles. Ist er schon? Fur mich: No! Aber alles da...und was braucht man mehr. Drauen angekommen rein ins Cab - und 15 min spater bist Du am Strip angekommen, wenn mal nicht gerade bei der Ankunft der Vegas Marathon im stromenden Regen startet - Regen, was mir noch nie vorher in Vegas als Wustenstadt passiert ist, auch nie im November - naja - mit Marathon Stau haben wir 40 min gebraucht...... Ach so, da haben wir doch einen Nachteil! Regen! Darauf, besonders wenn es kraftiger vier Tage am Stuck regnet, ist der Airport nicht richtig vorbereitet... Da kommt es zu massiven Verspatungen ....Fazit Ende Fellows!
Being a pretty seasoned traveler, I feel like McCarran is a very well structured airport.  It's easy to navigate & I've never had to stand in a very long security line.  Especially now that the new Terminal 3 is open, security never takes very long.  The airport is always clean as well - even the bathrooms.  All of my flights have boarded on time & I've never been stuck on the runway for a delay.. . Of course, with all airports, the restaurants are notoriously expensive.  And watch out for an older Asian lady who works at Burger King - She's a piece of work!
Heheh - how can you NOT be a fan of this airport? It's Vegas!!! C'mon, where can you get boozed up, gamble, shop and chill for your flight? THIS airport! . . It's easily getting in and out of the airport, plus a taxi is about 20 bucks to and from the airport to the strip. I don't really mind it. . . It's clean and there are signs directing you to where you need to go. It's not too bad. WiFi! woot, they finally have it (wasn't sure how long ago, that the airport implemented it). . Granted I'm not here that often - it's a 4 hour drive from LA, 3.5 if I don't stop and no traffic. However, I do fly to Vegas once in a blue moon. It's only an hour, and I can party there and on the way back. hah :)
This is one of the easiest airports that I've been through. Never had a problem with them. And I love the cute shuttle train that takes you to the baggage area. You know you're in Vegas when there are slot machines in the airport!
12.1.13.. . Viva Las Vegas!. . While I don't like the smokey atmosphere of this airport or the flashiness due to the strategically placed slot machines, this airport is def one of my favs because of the way it's laid out.. . Once you check-in, you only have to go through security once & you'll have access to all of the gates/terminals. Of course, this airport compared to HNL is HUGE & the security check-point area feels like you're cattle being herded into pens...but it is relatively quick because there are so many security check lanes!. . The trams that take you to the different terminals/baggage claim areas are pretty efficient...like I said the layout is how all airports should be laid out--logical & convenient. The rental car area is also easy to get to/get out from.. . There is also a lot of airline/company lounges here! Amex cardholders--there's a Centurion Lounge here that is AMAZING.. . I would def not mind traveling through this airport again!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #334/365
The first time I went to Vegas as an adult, I was greeted by the airport slot machines. This is one of the only places I encountered in Vegas with free WiFi. It's pretty clean, efficient, and, as I've only been here for early morning flights, relatively quiet for an airport.
