I have been a fan since the brewery opened, kilt lifter is my fav. They are upping the anty with a better chef & the menu. Last time I was there the special was pulled rabbit pita. The burgers are always rockstar great, if rabbit doesn't please your palate. All in all a nice place to be.
I only stopped in here for a little while with a few friends, but from what I saw, it's a pretty chill spot.. . There was a lot of people there, though it was the afternoon before New Years Eve.. still, judging by other reviews, it has a healthy population of people often. . . The parking kinda sucks because if there is no room on the street, you have to park in the back and walk around the building and up the street a bit, but no biggie.. . I will have to go again so I can judge the service and try the food.. which I hear is good. We shall see!
Went with a group of about 15 last night after going rock climbing at Phoenix Rock Gym. First time I'd ever been to Four Peaks and had an enjoyable time! We had a great server and my burger was amazing! The Poppin Burger (I think) has a ton of cream cheese on it, onion blossom strings, and jalepeno slices the size of small children. I was sniffling after the first few bites...but well worth it!. We had a bunch of random beers between all of us, with the peach and raspberry being the favorites. This may have had something to do with us being female...
I come here to feel young and it works...but often I leave, or wake-up, feeling old.  That's what great beer, much better than average bar food, and a young staff who think of you as that funny (and hopefully not creepy) older guy or gal, as opposed to potential date material, will do. ;). . Four Peaks, both locations, puts out a consistently fun atmosphere with sporting events, including NFL and MLB games of all teams, and a good vibrant and happy crowd.  Plus, Tempe has a great patio filled with young and old alike.. . Add to that, the food is well above standard pub fare. They often have great specials, particularly for lunch and brunch.  The burger with egg is amazing for a hangover...plus a bloody mary and a RAJ IPA chaser.. . I come here for the beer, in particular the RAJ IPA, the Double Knot, Kilt Lifter (to have something in the opposite end of the spectrum from an IPA), and seasonals.  (They also have a full bar, so even non-beer geeks can be quenched.)  I keep coming back because not only is the beer consistently good, but so is the food and the service.. . So, grab a friend, grab a growler, and make yourself feel young or old, whatever suits you best.  And really, don't be offended when they card you at the door, be happy that you are still getting carded.
This place was pretty kick ass.  I tried a few of their beers, had a nice burger, and the ambiance was exactly what i think of when I think of a brewary.  You know kind of warehouseish with a lot of TVs for watching sports.. .  The Raj IPA and the Kilt Lifter were two beers that I really enjoyed and I'd recommend to any beer drinker =). . All in all, the place had a brewery feel to it, the food was your normal pub grub, and the beer was good!   . . I'd definitely come back the next time I'm in Tempe.
Excellent beers. Excellent food... the food is way better than the typical breweries. This place is always packed but I've never had to wait to be seated here. Well once, but it was at the other location so I'm not going to count that. . . I really dig the chicken strips here. It's beer battered and quite tasty. Probably my favorite chicken strips ever. The chipotle ranch that comes with it is bomb. Creamy and slightly spicy from the chipotle. I also like the beer battered fries that come with it. Just about anything I've tried here is good... from burgers (they make a pretty damn good jalapeno popper burger), to wings, salads, and pizzas. And accompanied with their awesome beers... it makes one pleasant meal!. . Only downside is the parking. There is no lot... only street parking. Grant it there are plenty of street parkings around but it might require some walking.
I really am a fan of this place. It has good food and good beer, and also is associated with some good memories here. This place is a great place to come to and watch a game or two. Or in our case, a great place to come to after watching out team win or lose the game. The parking here can be difficult since there is no lot or anything designated for costumer parking. The beer is really good here. I like the lighter beers, such as their regular peach beer, but their other beers and seasonal are awesome too. The food is delish; I always get a hankering for their beer battered fries. Eat it with their jalapeno ranch sauce and it's perfect. That and some loaded chicken nachos are easily split between friends; their portion sizes are fairly huge. It's really an awesome spot to get together with friend, have a pint, enjoy a game and some good food.
Yea it still retains its 4 stars and this has been confirmed with my love of the Oatmeal Stout. I guess I never realized how good a pint of this stout but had a pint of it last friday and enjoyed every sip of it. Yes it's dark, but it's medium bodied and the flavor is delicious! omg i'm talking beer. oh my. Like always their beer battered fries are simply the best especially with Sweet Jalapeno Ranch dip on the side it just makes the experience awesome.. . But... this time after many visits over a period of five years, yes the parking sucks and during the summers it gets sticky with the misters and the large fans attempting to circulate air inside and on the patio. this time me and dani ordered dessert. The idea of dessert was aroused when we were waiting for our pager to buzz while hanging out by the bar, dani with her regular peach beer and my hefweizen. we saw a slice of chocolate fabness on a plate passing by, so, we made note and agreed that we would not really eat our oversized entrees and ensure we'd have room to eat some cake! Well the agreement was more of i'd have a little cake but nevertheless. Had the fish and chips which were DELISH... YUMMY! and we finally order the cake of least resistance the oatmeal stout tiramisu! Now this slice of tiramisu is meant to be shared by a village of dieters or a gang of dessert whores because it's mammoth prehistoric huge. The chocolate topping with the whipped cream, tiramisu filling and oatmeal stout deliciousness makes this dessert almost feel like a sexxxy party in your mouth, the flavor is fireworks good! ok i'm salivating for a some now. BUT yes get a slice and ensure you and your dessert gang eat some. so i end this with. OATMEAL STOUT!
I really dig their 8th Street Ale, and the food here is great! Got the calamari last night and then some pork adobado. Both were home runs! Loved the sauces for the calamari, which came in sticks cut from a calamari steak rather than the typical rings and tentacles. This place is a bit of a drive for me, but is well worth it every time!
I came here for the homemade Peach Ale and the Stoutamisu - and i loved both!. . I'm not a beer or ale drinker, but the Peach Ale is a drink i could get used to! It's light, refreshing and has a prominent peach flavor, which is seriously tasty :). . As for the stoutamisu - i'm a huge fan of traditional tiramisu, so wasn't sure if i'd like this version. Once again, Four Peaks has proven me wrong (and so did my brother who insisted I try both). In this version, the lady fingers are soaked in Oatmeal Stout and has the most incredible chocolate cream covering the outside along with chocolate shavings! This is an awesome twist on the classic, especially since I usually don't like stout, i happily ate this dessert :) As for the portion, it's huge - i think one slice was the length of my forearm and the width my forearms combined!
The only negative aspect I can see, is the lack of close parking.. . The Salmon BLT was perfect, and went perfectly with my Hefeweizen, even though the menu didn't pair the two.  I will return to indulge again.. . My buddy's Chicken Beer Sandwich was a game changer due to their fresh baked beer bread, which was kind of like a soft thin focaccia.  The sandwich was served 'wrap' style.  His order came with beer battered fries, and they were great.. . They only have fresh lemons to squeeze into your Hefe, so you'll have to bring your own oranges.  And remember... pulp can move, baby!
First time a Four Peaks and I have to say, not too shabby. . . We got a table on the patio straight away and had our beers within a couple mins.  The Hop Knot IPA was good, very floral and hoppy in the nose, but not much on the back end; not a whole lot of body.  My burger actually was cooked the way that it was ordered!!!  Good experience I would have to say.
This place was really good. I had a hop knot and a kilt lifter both full flavored beers. I liked the hop knot more cause I love IPA's. I had a the four peaks cheeseburger and that was awesome too. The outdoor seating was nice. . . Oh yeah, if you like the beer, yo can purchase a jug to go. I'll definitely be back soon.
I went here on a date and it was a great atmosphere for people who aren't stuffy.  Except the heating on the patio -- Geeze! Turn the heaters down people, this is Phoenix. We did request the heater be turned down, much to the delight of the other tables near us but then a random server came around and turned them back on. This was my only complaint for the evening.. . The service was attentive but a little slow - considering how packed they were it was more than reasonable. I ordered the pretzels which were good and my date had a burger and fries, which he said were pretty good too and pretty standard fare for the place.. . If you can avoid driving here, do so. The parking situation is the absolute worst.
The beer bread "wraps or rolls or....?" are awesome. I get the same one every time and Igo with the pasta salad (also awesome) for my side. Nothing like some beer bread and a pitcher of some hand crafted beer on a nice Friday afternoon for lunch with your boss and co-workers.
Great place for a great micro brew! The atmosphere is really laid back and fun - just a nice relaxing place to catch a buzz. Seating both indoors and out on the patio. Next time I need to try the food...the beer is so filling I usually seem to just "drink my dinner".
Ahh..can't go wrong with Four Peaks.  Local brewery that's been around and serving patrons of ASU and beer connoisseurs for years.  Who ever was their mixologist did a wonderful job; food and beer goes hand and hand very well.  The place is always popping!  Try getting a seat - gotta wait, but well worth it.  Unless you hit-up the bar; first come first serve.  The service is pretty good even when the place is full.  Hot bartenders and quick service -- can't complain!  How about the ambience - well down home fun and chill.  Point is I appreciate a bar that doesn't care what you wear as long as you come with a shirt and pants/shorts/skirt whatever! - Enjoy!
Best Spinach/Artichoke dip EVER! and when I have company in town this place is a great choice. My family & friends are always super impressed with the food and the beer. The college crowd and the limited parking is a bit annoying, but again, that dip with a pint of Kilt Lifter makes it worth it.
I don't understand how this place does so well in the location it is at.  I had drove right past 8th St b/c I could not see the sign.  Beer/food is good - I like the fries.  Their happy hour sucks - $1 off beer and nothing for food.  Get's busy, even at 4PM.
The eggs benedict delivers!
Ok This place was recomended by our hotel, taxi driver and a waiter at Chilis.. We decided to check it out Sat. night and we were amazed at how many damn people were there.  We had to park a couple blocks away.  We put our names and were told it would be 45 min. Not bad at all.  . We went to the bar to sample the local brews and came accross some guys that gave us their rervations.. I got a pizza and it was damn good.  My friends had burgers and they liked them as well.  . Overall the food was great anx the beer was better.  Five stars would be given if the jack ass waiter took care of us.  He had friends to bs with and spent a lot of time watching the NCAA tournament.  I left with a full belly and a six pack of some good beer.
I have been to breweries all around CO and visit Four Peaks when in AZ. Great beers, fantastic patio, very good service.
the beer was good and  it was a beautiful day so sitting outside was nice. the spinach artichoke dip was good but VERY rich-a nice place to spend  weekend day. it was packed at 3pm so i'm assuming it would be worse at night. not bad for a local brewery
Good food, beer is even better, nice vibe.  Only problem is parking can get scarce since it's basically in a neighborhood and the line outside can get long.
I didn't start coming here until I was 21 and it was worth the wait! I am not a huge beer drinker but the peach beer is delicious! All the red wines are great with the food (which is quite scrumptious as well)! Happy hour is a great time to go. It is always packed though, no matter what time of day so parking can be hard to find sometimes. Four Peaks is definitely worth walking a block or two for!
East Valley Residents: We are lucky to have this Cornerstone to AZ microbrews right in the heart of Tempe.  Its off the beaten path so you wont find this place filled with frat boys and party crashers.  To know the beer is to love this place, but to try the food is to be OBSESSED! Not just your typical pub food.  Also, the lay out is wonderful... The patio is partially covered or fully open.  Late night happy hour on pitchers, pints, and apps are a win. I'm actually going to late happy hour tonight for some house made chicken fingers and edamame with a pitcher of Raj. :)
The sampler was great, lots of flies this time of year... climbing all around...lunch was salad and half turkey sandwich on beer bread... the bread was good.. soooo much mayo.. of course, tomato not in season..my lunch friends seemed to enjoy their lunch, popper burger good.. all in all, nice place to eat outside.. go for the brew!!
Finally made my way over to four peaks, and left nice and tipsy, off all the different beers i had to try..so all in all i can say i left very happy :). . Service was great, and i love the inside of this place. . . I looked over the menu it is "typical" bar food in my opinion, HOWEVER not so typical was hummus so of course i had to try it, and it was flippin fantastic!!! ( yes im a hummus whore,  I have to try a new one every chance iget). . Great happy hour prices, i'll be back fa sho!
One of my favorite sports/beer/good food places.  This place is always busy.  I love the earthy atmosphere like you're in a massive cave.  All the food I have had there has been amazing.  The quesadillas are dangerously good.  I love cheese and they use lots of it.  The burgers and fries are great.  I love the beer sampler so you get to try all the brewery has to offer.
They say its bar food done right - I'd have to say I agree.  Got the burger and wings - both very solid.  Love the beer choices.  The prices are very reasonable for specialty beer and good bar food.  All in all, I am definitely going back regularly!
Four Peaks wow. Very tasty grubbins. Went with several friends. Atmosphere was calm, casual and the service was good too, oh yeah, great beer.
Everyone loves Four Peaks Brewery.  And yes, I love it too.  But I love Santan Brewery in downtown Chandler just a little bit more and below are the reasons why (in no particular order). . 1.  Better parking. 2.  Better a/c. 3.  I am never the oldest person there. 4.  Better hummus. 5.  Two kinds of cider on tap. 6.  Better happy hour. 7.  Plenty of shops to visit while waiting for table (or walking off a buzz). 8.  Movie Mondays
The restaurant came as a recommendation after getting a massage at nearby Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa (which I would highly recommend!).  I'm glad it did!  I sat at the bar, and even considering I was by myself/out of town I didn't feel out of place.  I think that's mostly because the bartenders were so friendly (especially Jamie, who knew me by name and made me feel welcome).  The restaurant recommendation I got included what to order, and I'm glad I followed directions...my Top Sirloin (or something like that) on Beer Bread (a house speciality) was surprisingly delicious.  I sat next to someone (I expect a regular) who was kind of a character, but it just made me feel like I was getting the true Four Peaks experience.
4 Peaks is great.  Terrific for lunch, happy hour or dinner. They serve normal bar fair.  The beers are all pretty good. I suggest pumpkin porter in the fall when it is available.
Was in last night. Tried their Peach Ale for the first time, and enjoyed it thoroughly. Service was great, not too crowded. Ordered the gumbo soup, which was hearty and had a good taste. Plenty of sports to watch on tv, kudos to the bartenders.
I went to the one off Frank Lloyd Wright blvd, Scottsdale. I heard Tempe location was the best bc of college atmosphere. Awesome flat screens at the bar and all around, service was friendly, curtious, and welcoming! They need to add more to their cider ale selection- only pear available. What abt Strongbow people- come on.  Food amazing and with plenty of specials offered. I had the enchiladas and I will have them again! Plenty to eat, with some left over.. Jamie, Vanessa, and Josh were super nice- great bartenders
We met some friends for dinner here last Friday.  Let me start by saying that I'm from Chicago, where parallel parking skills are a must.  If you're looking fora spot that's easy to get into, plan on walking a few blocks!  . . We arrived and were seated right away.  The atmosphere was nice, woody, with lots of paraphernalia hanging around to look at.  You can see the big whatchamacallits that they store beer in at the back of the room. Also, there are enough TV's to catch the game without it feeling like a sports bar.  . . My friends and I are in our late 20's and early 30's, and we did have this weird feeling like we were outsiders.  After about 20 minutes, we realized that we were some of the oldest people in the room!  It wasn't a huge deal, especially since we were there while ASU classes are out for summer, but I'm sure if you went mid-semester, the place would be chalked to the gills with co-eds! . . Our server was cheerful, attentive, and checked on us enough without it being overbearingly often.  Food came fast and we never saw the bottoms of our glasses without already having another drink on the way.. . We ordered the hummus and the soft pretzel for our apps, both were tasty.  I ordered the fish 'n chips with homemade tartar sauce for my entree.  The fish was good, but they should buy their tartar sauce, the homemade version wasn't great.  I, not being a tartar expert, can't tell you exactly what was wrong with it, but put it this way...they could have served me straight mayo and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference.. . Mi compadres ordered burgers and both enjoyed them very much.  I didn't try them, but I'll take their word for it.  . . We didn't order desert, although the Oatmeal Stout tiramisu dish sounded amazing.  . . Overall, a fun experience.  We brought home a growler to enjoy at home and will definitely go back again!
Four Peaks could be the perfect brew pub restaurant. The food and beer here are spectacular, unfortunately, the place is overrun by frat boys, plagued by iffy service, always crowded and loud, and features a nightmarish parking situation.. . First off, the beer here is glorious. I'm a man who loves beer, but not just any old brew will do. Guinness is about as low-end as I'm willing to go, and I much prefer local micro-brews. Four Peaks meets my very high, some might say pretentious, standards. They offer a wide variety here, everything from blonde to black, with a fairly inexpensive sampler to try them all at once. For my money, I like the deliciously rich, slightly sweet, slightly smokey Oatmeal Stout, or the floral, aggressively hopped, moderately bitter Hop Knot. (I love the Kilt Lifter, but I don't order it because it's available in stores.) The Hop Knot is especially good when it's cask-conditioned, as it's a bitter mellower in flavor and allows the hoppy taste to really bloom. Their website lists which beers will be offered cask-conditioned during the coming week, and it's well worth planning your trip accordingly.. . The food here is generally what you'd expect: burgers, sandwiches, salads, pizza, wings, and of course, fish and chips. Everything here has been very good; you really can't go wrong with any order. But the there are a few standouts. The fish and chips here is stellar, among the best I've ever had. Crispy, beer-battered, and made with real fish and served with damn good fries. The Bavarian pretzel appetizer is amazing too, especially if you're a fan of mustard (sorry, not served with cheese). And I had the current best-burger-of-my-life here about a year ago. It was a daily special that I haven't seen since, but still, their menu burgers are excellent. Fresh meat, well-spiced, huge, and nicely laden with toppings. The only one I don't recommend is the Popper burger, as I think the flavors don't mesh too well. But that could just be me.. . So, the downside... Parking is horrendous. Literally, the worst parking situation for any place I know of. I've walked a quarter mile from my car to the restaurant. I'm not exaggerating, I used a pedometer on my phone. The only real parking options are along the street, on one side, and it's parallel parking in tiny spots. Also, service is very inconsistent. About half the time, we get a competent, but not amazing server. And the rest of  the time, we get ignored. It seems like if you aren't drinking beer, you get no attention from the wait staff. The place is always packed, always loud. There usually isn't a wait to get in. But, you'll be bumping elbows with the guy behind you, shouting to be heard at your own table, and doing some serious squeezing and weaving to get to the bathroom. It's a bit better sitting outside, but only a bit, and then you'll have to deal with the weather. On big game nights, the place is insane and best avoided.. . There are a lot of hassles to deal with when you eat here, but the food and the brew make it worth it. In fact, if the food and beer were all the mattered, the place would earn an easy 5 stars. Of course, in nearly every other category, it would get 1 star.
This was my first time at Four Peaks Brewing! . . Having the bright tanks and the brewing equipment right where you sit and drink their beer, was a fantastic idea. It makes the space look much larger and if you are anything like me - I like to know how they make the brew, with this set up you can see it right before your eyes!. .  I've recently made the AZ Peach my favorite summer time brew! It's so light and refreshing - you can taste the peach, but it's not overwhelming. If you don't believe me, Try it! You can most likely find it at one of your local restaurant and pubs. I frequent the Uncle Bears by our house they offer the tasty delight. AHH!!!. . I haven't had much of the menu so I can't really say - but I really enjoyed the environment and I just can't believe I haven't been here before!!!. . Don't wait! Check it out! I will update as soon as I have a proper meal, but their beer is so good, I expect the same!!. . Until then Yelpers!
Oooooohh, I had a GOOD time here. It's a fun lively place for some good grub and more than a few beers. It's in a residential neighborhood in Tempe. I had calamri as an appetizer-the marinara is AWESOME has a little bit of a kick. This was followed by fish and chips:one of the best I've had in Arizona (I'm sadly resolved to the fact that I probably won't get good English-style fish and chips anywhere in The Valley, so this will do) There's nothing I can say about the beer that hasn't been said, but their summer seasonal was amazing and I could have stayed there all night putting many away. The only downside is the lack of parking. I had to park down a dead-end dirt road.Trying to turn my SUV around was like that scene in Austin Powers with the cart in Dr. Evil's lair. That notwithstanding, this is another not-so-hidden gem in The Valley
Stopped in to Four Peaks Brewing in Tempe AZ. last week for a couple of of pints and a quick nosh. If you have never been to Four Peaks you will be amazed by the ambiance. This is most certainly a brewery first & a gastro pub second. The brew tanks are exposed front & center as you walk in the front door. The only barrier between you & the brewery is a 4 foot wall and a mass of bar tables. The sounds you hear, the smell of milled grain in the air, and the brew masters walking around in their wellies tell you that you are truly in the thick of it! Its a really unique experience. . Of course, my first priority at any brewery is the beer.  Four Peaks does not disappoint. I started with a British style pale called 8th Street Ale.  A great summer beer to say the least. Slightly bitter w/ a fruity characteristic and a clean finish.  The perfect start to an afternoon of day drinking. My beer adventure continued with a Hop Knot IPA, very much a west coast style India Pale Ale and my favorite of the day. . OK, if I'm going to continue drinking, a bit of nosh is in order.  Calamari Please?  I ordered the calamari expecting little rings and tentacles.  What came out was simply amazing. Freshly battered 6 inch strips of beautiful squid. Absolutely the best I have ever hadin AZ. So whats a guy to do with a plate full of seafood & an empty glass?  Order a beer of course! Next up was the Malt Liquor, no I'm not kidding, Four Peaks brews a malt liquor! How cool is that?  All I need is a brown bag around my pint glass & I'm a Slum Dog Millionaire! . All in all a great experience.  The only drawbacks of note are the lack of parking & the temperature inside.  A little warm for my taste in the Arizona summer.  I did say however that this is a brewery first & pub second, so concessions must be made it you plan to visit.  The experience is well worth the drawbacks.
As good as everyone says in their review. Too warm and stuffy for me but otherwise awesome food and brew. My wife had the carne adovado and I had the fish. Fries are great too. We'll be back.
My favorite brewery in Tempe. The staff is totally friendly and knowledgeable. I love that atmosphere and how the inside and outside seating merge. Some of my favorite beers are the Sunbru and Arizona Peach, they are refreshing and crisp and perfect for Arizona. . . What is surprising about this brewery is their food is really excellent too. The Bavarian pretzels and spanakopita exceed the expectations for a bar by far. . . The only complaint I have manifested at my birthday gathering on the patio a few months ago. There were roaches EVERYWHERE, it was like nothing I have experienced, everyone had their feet on their chairs and conversation was regularly interrupted by someone screeching. I even felt a few crawl over my feet. Our server was none too concerned as she never acknowledged what was obviously the problem but I chalk that up to how busy the restaurant was, and the fact that they have to already be aware of their little friends. . . This is Tempe where everyone knows roaches are abundant and it was on the patio, far from inside seating and the kitchen so I am far from writing this place off but they may want to consider an exterminator.
Stopped down to Four Peaks this last Monday with Justin From Brew Bros. to try The Barrel Aged Belgian Black aptly named Serious(Black). We got there just as they were tapping & were the very first to taste it!   . Let me say, wow, what brew.  Aged for 3 years in oak Barrels and absolutely worth the wait!  A medium bodied black Belgian style strong ale. Not to hot, beautifuly balanced and very flavorful. . As usual service was good, food was exceptional and the place is alot of fun.  Its amazing how many friends I run into everytime I go.  A great place to just be.
I'l make this concise. Great beer. Good atmosphere. Good service. Decent location, although the parking situation can be challenging. The food is good (it used to be great). . I remember when Four Peaks had the brew tanks inside the actual restaurant and they had a service where you could make your own beer inside the brewery, they even helped you bottle it and make a label. All that is gone as they have grown in popularity. . The wings used to be some of the best ever: grilled, not fried. Now, they are just fried but still good (not great). For bar food, this is still a really good place to eat. . The place is clean as well (one of my big pet peeves). From what I am able to observe at the Scottsdale location, they have taken the high cleaning standards required for the brewery and kept them in place for the bar/restaurant. . This location will get busy during happy hour, on game day, or anytime after 5pm. Be prepared to stand and bump shoulders with beer in hand until a seat opens up. . The crowd is an eclectic mix of post college grad's, professional's, and nine to fivers just getting off work. However, that changes during the winter months when more touristas are in town and the resorts filter their customers into the restaurant.. A great place for a beer after a round of golf or shopping at Home Depot.
I came here twice this past week while on a business trip. No AC but the outdoor seating has misting to help cool you down. I tried both the Oatmeal Stout & Kilt Lifter brews. I found both to be pretty middle-of-the-road. Not bad but not as good as many of the Vermont microbrews I'm used to. The food was standard pub fare. A couple of TVs compliment the inside & the bar is pretty friendly. Parking is odd and the lack of AC was curious as well.
During the school year I avoid this Four Peaks like the goddamn plague! This place is just packed constantly! However I do love a nice summer drinking session on the patio here when all the college kiddos are away and it's just a little less insane. I've eaten here once and yes the food was really really good, but I gotta be honest, I come here to drink beer. And lots of it! Four Peaks Brewery has grown in popularity at an alarmingly rapid rate, and their beers really back up that big game they talk! They offer all the typicals: Hefe's, IPA's, Pale Ales, Stouts, etc.... but they add their own spin to each one. The Hopulent IPA has a crisp hoppy finish to it that is just divine! The Kiltlifter is by far my favorite of Four Peak's selection, as it reminds me of my favorite beer from back East, and it's now offered in cans making it an excellent choice for your next poolside beverage!. . Because it is technically a restaurant, there is no smoking on the patio.... UNTIL 10PM. The nightly ritual involves all the smokers getting one ready a minute before 10, then lighting up as soon as the ash tray hits the table (sometimes before...). It gives everyone a sense of unity... and a good laugh!
Went with a big group of people from work and I must say, this is a cool place...I love their oatmeal stout but decided to go with the hefeweizen.  The waitress was accommodating to splitting all of our checks up for us which was nice.  I didn't go crazy with what I ordered and just had a craving for wings, but for an appetizer sized portion it was great...lot of carrots and celery to go with!  It would be a little more enjoyable in the cooler months, but all it all, I'll be back soon.
This is a great place to meet friends and have a beer and a bite to eat.  Good wings and nice beer selection.  My only complaint is how hard it is to find parking.
Great Beer, pretty good food.. The spinach artichoke dip is fantastic.  You cant go wrong with one of their burgers.  Only complaint would be that the parking is hard sometimes and its always crowded.
Love the Beers!. Happy hour might be the best time to go there on a weekend. My husband and I went on a Friday evening at 5, and it was pretty full. IT IS EXCITING  to go to a place in Phx/tempe which ha a lot of people and ha awesome food. . . I wish that there were some starters which were half off during the happy hour but never mind we loved the Chicken Rolls,......so awesomely rich and tasty. Burger is great too!. Definitely gonna go back but still wish that food was cheaper during the Happy hour to meet people more happy.
I get to Tempe about twice a year for work and every visit I make sure to stop in Four Peaks for some tasty brews.  This is also a great place to watch sports as they have lots of screens that give a good view just about everywhere you sit but outside on the patio.  They have good bar food and there always seems to be a fun crowd having a good time here.  I attempted to walk here once from my hotel but it is WAY too hot in Arizona for that during the middle of the day and I soon discovered that there is a free shuttle that runs by here on a regular basis.  Parking seems to be a bit of a problem so if you can handle the wait of the shuttle that might be the best way to travel.
Good Burger, and Great Service.. The Arizona Peach Ale is my favorite!
Made it a point to make it out to Four Peaks Brewing company while visiting family in Chandler. We went to the Tempe location for lunch, and a beer flight. . . The place appears to be a large converted warehouse, almost looks like an old airport hangar in some spots to be honest, but that's just on the inside. The front, or outside patio has a what I would descrbie as an old Mission, Santa Fe, or New Mexico style facade, with some local desert plants, and about a dozen or so tables with chairs. We actually sat off from the main bar, in smaller section with several flatscreen T.V.'s. . . You can clearly see the brewing facility, mash tun, fermenters, etc. They have some swag for sale, growler bags, T-shirts, etc. as well near the restrooms. . . The food was pretty good, better than your typical brewpub too. (Reminded me of a BJ's backhome, but not how they are now, more what they USE to be 5-10 years ago) I ordered the Hopsquatch Barley wine, and my wife had a flight of about 8 of their standard taps, with a seasonal or two thrown in. . . None of their beers or food blew me away, but so far, AZ is not exactly a Beer mecca state either, so given that context, do yourself a favor, and check out a local spot. Since, imho, it's a great spot for lunch or dinner on occasion, decent to solid beers, and a great spot to go back to the next time I'm in town.
I always love heading over to Four Peaks. It can be a bit of a wait and in the summer it sucks that they only have a swamp cooler, but all in all great atmosphere and great food. Try the pork adovada, it's my favorite. And you can never go wrong with their fries, omg to die for.
My wife and I visited for the first time on a Saturday afternoon and we were VERY happy. I had a Popper Burger and my wife had the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread. We were both impressed with how fresh the meat and other ingredients were. We are not drinkers but we do try an occasional beer and had the Arizona Peach Ale and again, we were very pleased. We have tried a Kilt lifter before and that was equally good. Loved the atmosphere, service was great and very friendly. We will definitely be back and we will be bringing friends!
Parking does suck as well as service sometimes on a busy night, especially during the ASU school year. But, over the years this is still a great place to get a great beer with some food and just hang out. And yes, service is great too. I try not to come during peak hours so I can really sit and enjoy the patio during the fall/winter. Oh, and did I mention the amazing ice cream cake option for dessert. Yessir.
Four peaks is awesome! The beer is great (it even comes in 10oz glasses) and the french fries are incredible! The rest of the food is decent, nothing amazing. I personally dislike sitting inside as the acoustics are terrible, but no matter where you sit the service will just be meh!
Great food!! Got our appetizer after our entrees came...so that sucked...and the waitress was not helpful at all with drink suggestions...but the food was really good!!
During a business trip we were looking for a great place to eat and Yelp led us to Four Peaks Brewing Company. Based on the 500+ reviews we knew it had to be good. . . We started out getting the Arizona Chicken Rolls and they are a must. The sauce they serve with it is absolutely ridiculous. I am going to have to see if I can make these Arizona Chicken Rolls and sauce on my own. . . After I had the BBQ Chicken Pizza which was a thinner crust type. Reminds of of how CPK is. All the ingredients are fresh and the tastes was great. For a place with a really large menu they nailed it pretty good.. . I was not able to try out any of the house drinks but my coworker would not stop raving about the Kilt Lifter Ale. He says it's a must. . . I would have given this place 5 out of 5 however the staff was only okay. They could have been more responsive. We had to ask for drinks a few times over. . . We liked the place so much we came back 2 days later.. . I give this place 4 out of 5 starts and would recommend this.
This is a tough review for me. I saw all the great reviews and decided to take my 90 year old parents to lunch as we were traveling through Phoenix.. . The place is great. Just what we were looking for. Busy on a Monday for a late lunch, so, it's gotta be great!! Well.... . We sat outside on a beautiful Arizona day. Star#1. . The server was great......star number 2. . My folks loved the fish and chips....my wife loved the habeneros  chicken  salad.... My turkey club, to me, had no taste. My fries came cold, so, I sent them back and got fresh ones.....right away.. . Everyone loved the beer...except me, so, it might have been an off day for me instead of the restaurant!. . Don't be Afraid to try I....I'll be going back. It was so close.....and the waitress was so wonderful, they get another try!!
I love this place! Their beer battered fries are amazing and so is their cobb salad. I've tried several of their appetizers like the bruschetta and it's all been great. Oh, and of course the beer is good... Sunbrew is my favorite. The service is also excellent.
This restaurant is a three minutes walk from where I live, and I am so glad. The service is always great, the managers are friendly, and the food and atmosphere are perfect for a store to be your go-to. I like how it's not just your normal neighborhood sit down - it has variety! It has dishes inspired by countries all over the world. . Overall, a good place to go to.
Good food and delicious beer.... what's more to say! I will come again during my next stay in the area.
What a happening place on a Tuesday night!!!!  We had 10 of us show up after work.  Ok, parking SUCKED!  I parked like 1/4 mile away.... . But when you get finally walk there it is busy but tons of places to sit inside and outside.  Our server was the bomb.  She was on top of the drinks.  All our food came out right and tasted GREAT!  . . I ordered the French Dip.  The bread, beef, and melting cheese was good and the Au Jus sauce has flavor...  The beer batter fries was just ok.  There are a lot of other items on the menu that looks great too.  I can't wait to come back and try it.
Great place to go for great beer and amazing food. It is really hard to have a group larger then 6 to get a table together sense they really don't allow reservations.
1st off there are great breweries in Arizona, a place where if I didn't live I would of never guessed, 4 peaks is one of them.  I fell in love with 4 peaks back when I lived in Tempe and began my 10 year college career (I took my time :) / :( ).  My roommates and I heard the beer was delicious and they had a bunch of different kinds to try on happy hour, some beers with higher alcohol content which is really what got me interested.  The RAJ IPA was amazing and is one of my favorite beers there but after a few times of getting drunk faster than everyone else and going home early ( or falling asleep in, on, under or around tables)  I decided to branch out and try the other beers.  Being brewed here in AZ they are all superb, fresh and delicious, the food here is also good, not amazing its not gourmet by any means but its a little "different" than typical bar food (wings and sandwiches), think Zipps.  For example Four Peaks has beer bread, Zipps has focaccias which isn't like focaccia at all but its good and different, there's nothing like it anywhere else than these 2 restaurants, you will have to see it or try it to really understand.  Either way if you feel like beer, good beer look no where else, unless your in Flagstaff then you have to go to Beaver Street Brewery which is also an excellent brewery in AZ.
4.5 stars.. . Four Peaks is everything a Brewery and Restaurant should be!. . I came here for a late lunch before the ASU football game this past saturday. Yes, the place was packed, but we were luckily seated within ten minutes.. . As far as beer goes, this place can do no wrong. Everything I sampled was very well balanced and had a great flavor. I highly recommend the pumpkin porter for a unique beer that is very fitting for the Fall season. Both IPA's are also top notch.. . We were rather hungry so we started with the nachos and the chicken rolls.. . The rolls were extremely rich and had great flavor. The jalapeno dressing gave the dish a nice spice. Be careful to not fill up on these because they are rather large and quite filling, but DAMN good.. . The nachos were huge! Chips, cheese, beans, tomato and jalapenos. The chips were extra cheesy and everything worked well. Needed avocado though... . For my entree I decided on the southwest burger. The burger consisted of 1/2 pound beef patty cooked to a perfect medium rare. The usual lettuce and tomato. A green chili with that same sweet jalapeno dressing I had with my rolls. I also added my friends chipotle ranch which went beautifully with the rest of the accompaniments.. .  Overall the burger was pretty darn good. Granted it wasn't the best burger I have ever had or a taste revelation, but pretty great for bar food.. . Overall I was very pleased with four peaks. My friends hyped up the place like crazy and I was not disappointed. The food was certainly a step above regular bar food, but not quite as unique or adventurous as some of the gastropubs I have sampled in California in Chicago. If you are in the mood for even just a beer or some delicious and unique bar food, do not hesitate one bit to check this place out.
I was brought here by a couple of coworkers a few months back.  We split some fries and had some peach ale.  One co worker went on and on about their mac-n-cheese, so I have wanted to go back.]. . One lazy Sunday I thought taking my husband to watch some football would be fun as he had never been and I had been dying to see what they have to offer.. . You'd think taking a guy to a bar to watch sports would be easy, but the guy complained they whole way there.. . It was busy, parking was a pain, which I'm told it always is, but we were sat right away.  . . We ordered a peach ale and a hob knot ( I love you hob knot)  and his mood began to change.. . Then we perused the menu.  Holy delicious options!  We decided to choose two delicious sounding dishes and share.. . We decided on the Popper burger, so so so good, and one of their breakfast specials, the name of which escapes me, but consisted of beans and eggs and beef and tortillas and was gooey and delicious.. . The atmosphere was fun and upbeat.  The service was great! . . In the end my husband is lucky I am such an awesome wife and we are all lucky four peaks is such and awesome Arizona brewery.
Great local gem of Tempe. This place is welcoming to all. I always have a good time relaxing at the bar with a Peach Ale. I like that they brew seasonal beers like the Pumpkin Porter also. The food is good, not the healthiest spot around, but good bar food. This location gets pretty busy, but the staff is able to handle it.
An old favorite.  Great burgers and great beer, it's hard to go wrong.
I have been a fan of Four Peaks for several years.  Before I became a beer drinker, I would come with friends and have their peach ale.  It was perfect in the summertime and perfect for that person who doesn't really like beer.  As I've grown up and my taste for beer has matured, I've really come to like almost all of their beers.  My favorite is the pumkin porter.  My heart crys a little tear when I remember that I can only get it once a year.  I have to remember to stock up, next time.. . I do enjoy their food and the french fries are bomb.  I have recently had their hummus and its pretty delicious, too.. . The best time to visit is during the day time, beat the dinner rush.
Love the food, beer, and atmosphere.  They didnt get the 5th star because they are a brewery and have ONE urinal for the guys!  Seriously?!?!?!  Fail!
Always good beer and good food. Well let me say the food is not super fantastic but it's better than a lot of brewery food out there. Spinach dip is good, nachos are always a staple, burgers could use a re-do. Salads are pretty good, pizza is mediocre. Wings are not half bad!! Sauce is pretty fiery! Nice!! Not a wussy sauce here! But I do love this place and the patio. Beers you can't go wrong with. Very flavorful good beers. All I ask is just a bit more quality in the food. Thats all thats wrong IMO or not really wrong but something they could improve on.
Really good burgers and the Oak Stout beer is really smooth and tasty. The outdoor seating was nice and the inside was really big, a little loud but a good atmosphere with cute waitresses...
I picked Four Peaks because this was a 1st date and he had told me that he liked microbreweries. I had never been to Four Peaks but surveyed some of my male friends and found this was the place to go. . . So we went Sunday around 12pm, and when we got their the football games were playing and come to find out Four Peaks is home to the Vikings. We sat inside, it was both of ours 1st time there. It was a nice crowd, and at one table every time the Vikings scored they would blow their Viking Horn, thought it was kinda cool.  I love places were fans can come together and watch their team play and share the wins or loses of their team!. . My date ordered the sampler,which had all their beers but in 4 oz glasses and their winterwobbler (seasaonal beer), Im not really a beer drinker but my date was in enjoying himself! He said it was a great place for him, I think I did good picking it, haha. . So we ordered the wings with spicy thai peanut sauce and beer bread, the wings were so dang good, it packed the right amount of heat! The beer bread, omg that was soft and so good, you don't need any butter to put on it, it was perfect without!  I ordered the Popper Burger, which was a hamburger with lettuce and tomatoes, onion strings, fresh steamed jalapenos and cream cheese, came with fries. Let me tell you. The burger made my eyes water and lips burn, it was perfect! The combo of the fresh steamed jalapenos and cream cheese was so perfect, it's like they were meant for each other and that the hamburger patty was their guest star in their perfect duo,  so dang delish!  . . When we were close to being finished the manager Trevor came over and was talking to us, we shared that this was our 1st time there, my date shared more info with him about the beers and other beer related stuff, but my focus was on Trevor. Ladies Trevor is great eye candy! Beautiful eyes I tell ya!  Anyways our waitress brought us our check and come to find out Trevor paid for the sampler of beer! How kick ass was that!  . . Glad to have found Four Peaks, I will be back!
Good news.....this place is down the street from my new office.  Bad news....this place is down the street from my new office.  Good food, great drinks, great value.  They will be seeing me have alot of "buisness meetings".............
Four Peaks has been a great place to go eat and drink for many years now. Easily the best bar food menu around. Excellent bread and appetizers, very well done southwestern fare and amazing specials (I still haven't had one of their specials as they are usually pricey, they look amazing though!). . . They have a great beer selection, as long as you are not looking for bud/miller/coors. Its all Four Peaks beer on the menu, makes for a nice change and a great taster! At the beginning of every month you can get the Hopsquatch, their barrel aged Barleywine, it doesn't last far beyond the beginning of the month. Seasonally they have a number of brews that are super-tasty (Pumpkin Porter, Peche...et al). You can also get growlers of their beers to take home and fill when you are there.. . I finally did brunch here, it is awesome. They do brunch better than most places that specialize in it! The breakfast croissant should be a regular menu item (OK that's one special I have had).
Dined at Four Peaks Brewing Co. for the first time last night and let me tell you, it was delicious. The place was pretty busy for a wednesday night but from what I understand thats pretty normal for them. And after my experience I understand why. As soon as we were greeted we were taken to a table inside right next to all the brewers. Cool! I love the art that goes into brewing beers and I think those large silver shining beauties are amazing. . . Our server was great. Friendly, assertive, punctual and not creepy. My man ordered the Hop Knot and I ordered the 8th Street. We barely made happy hour by the skin of our teeth. I love restaurants who give you happy hour prices on your drink even if you ordered them at 5:58pm when HH ends at 6pm. Believe it or not, some places out there would ignore your table for two minutes just to avoid the HH. So lame. This scored huge points in my book. For food, we ordered the edamame for our appetizer and the Veggie Pesto Pizza for dinner. . . The Edamame was super fresh. If you've ever had bad or even mediocre edamame, you get it. Its disgusting. I wasn't expecting anything phenomenal but was genuinely happy when I actually wanted to keep eating more of it. The pizza had buttloads of flavor! Artichoke hearts, olives, mushrooms, tomato's, mozarella and feta cheese and pesto. Mmmm. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it and didn't hate myself for eating it after. . . All in all it was a fun time and I really enjoyed the 8th Street beer!
OK, I'll keep this short since there are so many reviews on this place. I'm not sure what else I can say about it. I'm an ASU alum and have spent many a night in here. The beer is great. the sandwiches are to die for (yes, that's an overstatement). The atmosphere is always festive and it's just pricey enough to keep most of the unwanted college riff raff out. . . The Bad: Stay away from the hummus - yuk - tasted like a chili dog last time I had it. They constantly mess with the pasta salad. Last time I was there they used balsamic vinegar in it, which didn't taste bad, but it's grey. Grey!? What kind of food is grey? It's just hard to look at. Sometimes the staff and some patrons get a bit of an attitude, but it's a college bar. That's to be expected.
I've been planning to come here for a while, and I finally made it down here.. . Beer - 5 stars, come on, it's a brewery...they know what they're doing. . Burger - 3 stars, it was reasonably tasty but I ordered medium well and it came out medium-medium rare in the middle.  I tend to be paranoid about ground beef being undercooked.. . Service - 4 stars, she was missing for a while sometimes but she did a pretty good job.. . Would I come back here again?  Absolutely!  But mostly for the beer and conversation, the food has yet to wow me but I'll try a sandwich next time as everyone seems to be swearing by them.
Just my luck...it's marathon day and roads are closed. After a circular route I made it. I think I drove 26 miles (it's about 5 miles) from the airport to get here. And it's crowded for a Sunday morning or maybe it's always like this what do I know. I'm thinking the post race beer drinkers are enhancing things a bit.. . I found a seat at the bar, NFL playoffs are on the TV, not a bad spot. This place was abuzz with activity. Not a problem, I get immediate service and multiple servers check in with me frequently. Everyone is unfailingly cheerful and helpful. I love that!. . The Hop Knot IPA, is an excellent choice to pair with the Brewer's Breakfast, which was served on a piece of lettuce for some reason. It was clearly intended to be a garnish, but really just a waste of lettuce. The scrambled eggs were a bit undercooked for my taste, but more than balanced out by the wonderful potatoes.. . The building rocks. It was a dairy factory in previous life and it's perfect. There are tables right up next to the brew vats.
This place is so cool.  Great food, great energy, great servers!  Wonderful place to unwind after a week full of exams!  Long wait on a Friday night though.  We started off  with the Garlic Cheese Beer Bread - love, so good!  Our meals included the Garden Burger,  Four Peaks Cheeseburger  & Mushroom Swiss Burger.  They were ALL tasty!  I had never had hard cider before and really enjoyed it!  Cant wait to go back!
Some of the best beers I've ever had!  LOVED, LOVED the Oatmeal Stout.  It was slightly sweet, super creamy and not bitter at all.  Beer perfection if I ever tasted it.. . Cheeseburger was good - cooked to perfect medium well as ordered and ratio of meat to bun was good.  Fries are unique.. . We asked the server where all Four Peaks is distributing and sad to learn that they are only in AZnow.  I cannot wait for this fablous little brewery to expand into Illinois.
Consistently good food at very affordable prices and excellent craft brews. IPA fans should try "Hop Knot", while those who like maltier beers will enjoy their Scottish Style Ale, "Kilt Lifter", or the Oatmeal Stout, which are all delicious. Their Hefeweizen is also very authentic.
Their beer is solid and consistent. Not mind-blowing, sure, but it will do just fine on a hot summer day. Occasionally a really fantastic seasonal will blow through. Much buzz surrounds the annual pumpkin porter, but I find it fairly hit-or-miss from year to year (N=2). Generally the wait-staff is attentive and on their game. Once sent a plate back as it wasn't to spec, and they handled it promptly with a hassle-free no-problem attitude. . . But a little part of me died when I saw that the owner drives a hummer...
I absolutely love IPAs and they've got two arse kicking IPAs: Raj IPA and Hop Knot IPA. When I had one sip of that hoppity hop goodness, I just had to get another one and another. They also have ciders for your female companion who can't down the bitter nectar. . . As for food, I've only gotten pizza here, but after reading the reviews, I think next time I will have to venture out into other realms. This place has a rowdy atmosphere and you feel like you're at a real darn brewery. Not just some restaurant that wants to be a brewery. So bring a couple of beer loving friends and enjoy four peaks!
Good beer and great food. Never have had a bad meal. They have the best spinach artichoke dip around! The warm pita bread served with it makes it. Parking can be a pain at times though.
Good and upbeat place to dine.. . Love the southwest burger.. Excellent microbrew. (I had the Brew Sun.). Plenty of TV's if you're into watching sports.
8th street ale is my favorite!  Great food as well you can't go wrong
Prices are reasonable and the food is always good.  It may be a typical bar food type menu but the food itself is far superior to what you will find in most bar restaurants.  I even like the food here better than the stuff they serve at some of the competition (chain places like TGI Fridays or Applebees).  In addition to good food Four Peaks has great beer and drinks.  I can't recommend this place enough.. . Don't worry about the line or the bouncer checking ID at the door.  The service is always fast and friendly even when the place is full to the brim.  There is always a big, big crowd.  If you worry about the noise just sit outside under the misters...
Stopped by my first time last weekend while I was visiting a friend. We came in around 1230 am Sat/Sun and got a table by the bar no problem. My friend says it was surprisingly slow for a Sat Night, but that was find with me. Their kitchen is open to 1am, AWESOME!!! I ordered the Classic Turkey Club w/ beer battered fries. The sandwich was good (no middle bread in their club sandwich, never cared for that middle slice anyways) but the fries were amazing! My friend ordered the wings and they smelled HOT! Im kinda a wimp when it comes to spice, so I passed. I had a good time & was pleased to find out they are a fan of the MN Vikings. Ill have to stop by here on Sunday & catch a Vikes game next time Im up here.
It's a nice place to have dinner at or even to come and have a couple of drinks during the week or weekend.  It is a little loud inside so we decided to sit outside. Every single time I have gone it is full of people. Therefore, the service could have been a little better but it wasn't too bad compared to the amount of people who were there.  Their food was definitely delicious! I got some kind of enchiladas and my friend got a hamburger. The enchilada plate came with black beans and rice. These weren't really good but the enchilada itself was. I would definitely come again, we had a great time!
4 stars for the beer and atmosphere!  2-3 stars for the food.. . I was scouring yelp trying to find a fun place to take some out of town friends who were here from Indiana.  I wanted to show them some fun in our spring desert.  I finally decided on Four Peaks.. . Park on the street and it is a quick walk.  Saw that a few cars had recently been broken into as there was a lot of glass on the side of the street, but we didn't have any issues.  The patio was very nicely shaded, and with a slight breeze on a March afternoon it was perfect weather.  I was surprised that we didn't have to wait to get seated on a very busy day.  The waitress was attentive (at first) but slacked once we ordered our drinks.  It was a busy Saturday afternoon and we were having a good time, so the slow service didn't bother me.. . I tried the Kilt Lifter and a friend tried the stout and both were delicious.  They have a "full bar" but they don't have blended drinks.  A friend ordered a cosmo that she said was decent.  Later that evening I found the kilt lifter on tap at a local bar, so it was an added bonus to be able to drink the same beer all day.  . . The food was mediocre.  If there wasn't so much grease on EVERYONE'S food it would have been a lot better.  I ordered the turkey club on marble rye, and the bread was too greasy/buttery to enjoy.  A few friends ordered burgers and fries that they enjoyed after using there napkin to soak up some of the grease.  I will try to jalapeno popper burger next time and will ask them to not add butter or toast the bun.  Someone else in my group ordered pizza which came out hot and looked like very fresh ingredients were used.  We ordered the nachos as an appetizer and they were just ok.  Big plates made it possible for almost everyone to take extras home.. . All in all, we had a good time.  The beer and the atmosphere is why I will return to Four Peaks on a sunny afternoon.
A fun place to hang out with friends.  The food is generally very good though not consistently so.  The portion sizes are huge so we end up taking something home with us every time.  Their prices are reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get.  Love so many of their beers.  I just wish the beer was colder all the time.  Maybe I'm an amateur beer drinker, but I like it really cold.  Sometimes it's almost room temperature here which doesn't stop me from drinking it, of course!
Our group of 4 went for lunch on Mar 26.  I have been to alot of similar restaurnts that serve "bar" food.  We had one salad and three different sandwiches and they were all superior to the usual bar food.  We did not have any beer or other alcohol.  We arrived before noon and were amazed at the number of people there already.  Our waitress was friendly and very helpful.  The menu varied.  The prices are very reasonable.  The biggest problems are parking and the large crowds.  We have been here before several times on trips.  Would go again without hesitation.
I've been to Four Peaks many times over the years for lunch, dinner and drinks and I am consistently satisfied.. . Their food is great. I've had a variety of appetizers, sandwiches and entrees. Their chicken tenders are awesome. I am not a huge beer person but I love their peach ale. Very light for a perfect sunny afternoon.. . The only downside is parking and it's always busy. There is parking in the back and on the street. The busy part is probably a good thing though because that means their food, drinks and service are always awesome so people come back for more.
ALWAYS crowded for a reason! . . Yummy pretzels, peach ale, and pub food. . Never disappointed when I come here.
I'd been itching to get to a local brewery during our most recent visit to the Phoenix area and Four Peaks had come highly recommended.  . . As we rolled through the neighborhood, I was pleasantly happy to see that parking within a block of the brewery was going to be difficult.  This is a good sign of good things to come.. . The day we visited the patio was packed, so I was a bit apprehensive about a "seat yourself" sign upon entering.  But we were immediately greeted by a friendly server who promptly delivered our beer selections.  Oh man, I wanted to try one of everything, but I opted for the Apricot brew.  (Hopefully I'll get a chance to try the sampler during a future visit!)  We ordered the nachos to start, but got our entrees first.  I tried the grilled salmon wrap and was quite blown away!  I read that the food here was so-so, but I really enjoyed my meal.  My mom and sister also cleaned their plates, so it's safe to say we were thoroughly pleased with each of our selections.. . Great food, great beer, and great service!  It might be a year or so, but I'm certainly looking forward to another visit to Four Peaks!  Now I'll have to see if I can find some of their brews here in Denver...
A fun local brewery. It has a cool brewery atmosphere with lots of seating and big bar. It was plenty busy, but not overly crowded. I had an afternoon to to spend in the area, so I figured I'd spend it watching NCAA basketball and trying out the local brews. I really liked the 8th st, Kiltlifter, and AZ Peach, each of which was an excellent example of it's style. The Hefeweizen, on the other hand, was terrible - funky and acidic. For lunch, I had the Italian beef on beer bread. Beer bread is like a spongy tortilla, apparently, but the "sandwich" was tasty, so no complaints, and hte fries were nice and crunchy. There seemed to be lots of staff around, several of the bar staff waited on my during my visit. Most of them were friendly, and on the ball. The place had a couple big TVs over the bar but it wasn't overwhelming. I like the setup of the place overall, and they had good tunes playing in the background. My only complaints were the stinky hefe and the first bartender to wait on me was brusque, forgetful, and inattentive.
Great food and service. Prices good and lots of food. I had the pizza one night and the carne asado another. Nice cliente and mix of good wht and blu collar, young and old, Nice relaxed vibe. Nice large HD TV's with relevant sports games on.  I will be back.
Great outdoor seating at a converted creamery. I did not eat here. Very spacious inside. Thumbs down, however, as this is a Minnesota Vikings bar. Go Bears!
Met some friends in the area and they suggested Four Peaks. This place was packed! And huge! And every seat around the bar and every table had full capacity. The wait wasn't even that long. Before we were even seated I know it would be a good time.. . True it's a little loud but between the food, the beers, and the atmosphere this placed rocked.  Everyone at our table enjoyed their food but I can only comment on my own. I had 2 beers, Arizona Peak Ale which was not overly sweet and very delightful, and the SunBru which was also very light and easy to drink. The menu had tons of options to make everyone happy but I felt adventurous and ordered the blackened chicken pasta special. It was in a light herb butter sauce and had roasted corn, bacon, and broccoli raab.  I asked for the chicken not to be blackened (as one of the only people in the city to not like spice food) and they happily obliged. . Service was quick and attentive. Guess it has to be with it being packed.. . If I'm ever in Tempe, I can promise you I'll be back.
Out of all the Arizona breweries this was first on our list from recommendations. Spring training was just the chance. We went for brunch There is just something about ordering eggs benedict and a sampler. Eggs benedict was good, but the sampler was better. The standouts were the Hefeweizen, Hop Knot IPA and the Porter.  The brewpub is huge basically wrapped around their production facility. Nothing like drinking next to the kettles. Service could have been better, not bad just not personal. There social media presence is wonderful. So refreshing and exciting to see.
Jeez, everything in Arizona closes early. This seems like one of the only places to go in the Phoenix/Tempe area for food late night. Lots of street parking. Standard bar food but good beers. I enjoyed my Hef :)
All the food is delicious!  And the beer of course!  Great atmosphere
A good local brewery with excellent food! We had the garlic beer bread to start, which was well balanced and tasty. We had the chicken & avocado beer bread wrap, chicken caprese sandwich and nemo pita. The pita had tons and tons if fish, and they were all large servings. Fries are well battered and very crunchy - just the way I like them!
I've had Four Peaks beer before but hadn't made it to the actual brewery in Tempe.. . We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and after some parking issues (we have to park on the street!) we realized it was packed.  I thought we'd be waiting 20+ minutes but they got our party of 8 people seated within 10 minutes.  NICE!. . I had a stout, and I can't remember the name but it was really good.  Our server was very patient and sweet while all eight of us ordered different stuff, wanting to add/leave out the mushrooms, etc.  She got everything right and came to check on us multiple times.  We made sure to give her a very generous tip.. . My fiance and I had the garlic cheesey bread as an appetizer and split a vegetarian pizza for our meal (and I also ordered a side salad- I was starving!). . The cheesey bread was loaded with garlic- so beware.  I'm a huge fan so I was loving the huge chunks of fresh garlic mixed with delicious cheese, but if you were expecting garlic "flavor", it might be a bit strong.. . The pizza had a great variety of vegetables, and a pesto sauce which was great.  The only drawback is that it was incredibly salty, and I think that was a result of the sodium in the pesyo and the artichoke hearts on the pizza. . . Overall, a great experience but I'll probably order a different pizza next time.
Well deserved rating! We stopped in for lunch when we were in Tempe for some Spring Training baseball in March. We tried to go there for dinner one night but the crowds were massive.....a good sign. So, we returned for lunch the next day. That was a good move as the crowds were thinner but the atmosphere was still great the the ful menu available.. . We started with an order of the Nachos and those disappeared quickly.....very tasty. My boys loved them! For lunch, I ordered the Fish N Chips. My wife had the Chicken Salad Pita. The Fish and Chips were terrific; very lightly fried with a non-greasy, flaky touch. One of the best examples I've had outside of an authentic British Pub. My wife loved the Chicken Salad Pita which had a nice flavor and spicy finish. I don't normally like Chicken Salad but had a taste of it and it was great.. . One son had a pizza.....boring....but the other ordered the Chicken Enchiladas. These were above average but not in the same category as many of the straight-up Mexican restaurants in the area. Not bad but I would recommend sticking with the other brewery fare offered.. . Overall, we loved the place and will definitely visit again on our next trip to Tempe!
Great beer, great food, fun place. Always busy for happy hour and on weekends, be prepared to wait.
Great beer and ambiance. I recommend trying the Arizona Peach at least once.
Great lunch today.  The Salmon B.L.T. Is worth coming back for.  Yummy!!!
3.5 stars for FOOD. 4 stars for BEER (and I'm not a beer person). . Came here for happies with a couple of gals and ordered the Arizona peach ale. It was $3.50! It was really yummy considering I know nothing about beer. . . The food/menu wasn't really that fantastic. I suppose burgers go well with beer but wasn't in the mood for that. I ended up ordered Spicy Thai wings that came with celery and carrots! (gotta have some veggies right?). Another friend ordered a chicken salad wrap and BBQ wings. Portion size was decent but overall wasn't all that impressed. . . It's definitely a spacious place for big groups. The bar area has TV's and there's a patio with misters, certainly necessary on a hot day.. . Parking was challenging but was able to find a spot on the street.
I've been to this place many times for drinks and a few times for lunch. Every time is a great time. The beer is great, I've hung out with friends over a couple pitchers and some fries outside (the beer battered fries are AWESOME!). My last visit I sat inside with my bf and both our parents and it was a bit loud when we were trying to have a conversation. The food was amazing though! I shared the southwest burger with the bf and I sampled a few others off everyones plate. The ones that particularly stood out was the chicken strips and the shrimp carbonara. I will definitely order those next time I come here!
Try the panko breaded calamari!! Skip the marinara and ask for extra aioli.
Typical brew house with great local microbrew!  Order your food and it comes out fast and delicious!  I had the veggie burger with a blonde ale and it was great!
Enjoyable all around but it's LOUD. Fodo is all surprisingly very good here. Almost as good as the beers!
This place is great! I went here on a weekday night  and it was packed! Lots of college aged people seemingly having a good time. Despite the packed place we waited about 10 minutes for a table. . . Food: The food was good. Typical late night eats such as fried food, burgers, and sandwiches. They also had a good selection of beer. . . Service: Our waitress was very attentive and came to our table to see if we needed anything at least every 10 minutes. No complaints here. . . Decor: The decor was awesome. Very laid back and the huge beer containers were an awesome sight!. . Overall, I really enjoyed this restaurant and would return here again if I was ever in the area.
I got an interesting comment the other day when I came to Four Peaks Brewing Co.  "You have lived here for 3 years and never been to Four Peaks?". . Okay, I have had Four Peaks Beer at a beer tasting event, but I have never been here.  Now that I have been here, the beer and food was awesome.  A lot of brewpubs will serve you great beer, but the food would not be so appealing.  Sometimes you will get lucky to get a few items on the menu, but Four Peaks has everything from burgers to even ahi tuna.  . . I got the flight of beer, and they have quite a great variety.  They even had a peach ale beer!  I would say the Hop Knot Ale is my favorite.. . Another good note is that we came for my friend's b-day, and they give you a beer glass of a beer on the b-days.
Great beer. Prices are a little steep but that's just because I'm there all the time.. Try the garlic beer bread and a Black and Tan
its an enjoyable atmosphere for all 21+. (: The beer is Delicious and so is the food - However I unfortunately, can not say the same about the HELP.The service was terrible the waitress were rude not only  to us but to each other....
Total Tempe staple. And so it should be. I went on a very hot Sunday afternoon and although the wait was ridic we sat at the bar and drank mimosas. I thought $4 was a decent price until I saw the glass she served them in. Pretty small, so I was disappointed. . . Disappointed left the building, folks, when I got my food. Starving for a good burger I was amazed at  good it was. The blue cheese was crumbly the way I like it. My roommate got the Jalepeno burger and was raving!. . I recommend going on a week night or early lunch. Gets pretty packed around noon lunchtime and the wait can be not so great.
Awesome service and great food! Very busy but still offer great food and service.
So far so good... Wife and I are enjoying our beers and the staff is so wonderful.... I'm going to let my wife talk for a few sentences cause she is sooooo good at this stuff. She's a yelper and made me one too!. . Hi! Four peaks is a staple go-to brewery to sit back with friends for a brew and even have their good food (which is very hit or miss at most breweries). their fall selection is my favorite and they make an excellent fall seasonal porter and hop knot ipa. their peach ale is sometimes perfect, sometimes too sweet like cider or juice. The place is packed at night, which most of the time is a sure sign of good drinks and crowd. Everyone is friendly and casual which is soo pleasant for the atmosphere. I wish their was a/c which is my only picking right now. Our waitress was so nice. Hubby spilled a beer accidentally and she came quick to help with napkins and even refilled him a full beer. Excellent service!
Good food and great scenic views....nice place to  throw back some cold ones and catch a game!
Good place to go and have a drink. The pizza at this place is surprisingly good. The have s good selection of appetizers and entrees. They brew their own beer so get it. For single guys this well...the sights are good.
Very good beer, nice atmosphere and nice employees. The food is pretty good as well. I love the popper burger.. . Do not go here on any night over 95 degrees. They do not have air conditioning but rather swamp coolers, which while they do lower the temp they also raise the humidity to around 500% I thought we were back in Philly! That said we hit this place every time we are in town, which is about three times a year.
This is one of the few places I literally get cravings for. Yes, cravings. For a bar. I feel like readers might judge my palate for that statement, but I can't help it; I love me some Four Peaks.. . Honestly, I'm not even a big fan of beer, but this place was the first that allowed me to enjoy it. I prefer my beer on the lighter side, so I always order a Pale Ale, Sunbru, or Peach Ale (my favorite, great if you like sweet, fruity brews!). I've heard the darker beers are fantastic as well from several beer-loving friends, and the selection has something for everyone.. . What really gets me here, though, is the food. Oh my god, the food. I have never tried anything here that isn't delicious. If you love spinach artichoke dip, theirs is TO DIE FOR. I won't let myself order this unless I'm sharing it with at least two other people; otherwise, I'll finish it because it's my drug here. They serve it in a huge plate with all the pita bread and tortilla chips you could want.. . I've also tried the Thai hummus (great spicy kick!), their gigantic burgers, a few sandwiches, and some fried food. All of it has been amazing. For dessert, you can't beat the Stout Shake. And after trying the seasonal Pumpkin variety last fall, I'm looking forward to its return this year!. . The totally chill vibe and set-up of this place is pretty cool, too. If you don't know, it's not an entirely enclosed space; kind of open, similar to Dos Gringos, with a large outdoor patio area. It does get a little warm in the summer, but it's not too bad. . . Downsides? This place gets insanely busy on certain nights and weekends. Which leads into the next point: parking sucks. It's seriously horrible. You either have to park on 8th street, off some random neighborhood side street, or try to find room in one of the tiny lots nearby. I always hate the long walk from my car to Four Peaks, and I hate the drunken walk back even more. But I gotta say it's totally worth it.. . Great drinks, great food, and a great place to hang out with your favorite people. Definitely not your average bar!
We went here on a saturday afternoon, the place was packed. We didnt know which beer to try so we went with the sampler. Came with 9 different beers plus 1 specialty one (rye wine). We really enjoyed the rye wine, this one was 12% . This was my favorite of the ones we tried. I also enjoyed hefeweizen  and javier liked the sunbru. I look forward to seeing this brewing company at Oktoberfest this year :) For the main course I had the Italian beef beer bread, which consists of Lean roast beef with sauteed red onion, green peppers, mushrooms, mozzarella cheese and garlic. honey mayo rolled in our fresh baked beer bread. The beer bread was tasty and comparable to a tortilla , but thicker, but not as thick as pita bread. I chose the pasta salad as the side. It was very tasty but looked disgusting, had a weird grey color to it. I like the presentation of my food to be just as good as the taste. Javier had the roasted turkey club with beer battered fries. His was delicious. I now wish I would have gone with the fries. The reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is 1. there was a swamp cooler in there so it was a lil hot. 2. doesnt have a good size parking lot so you have to park along side 8th ave and walk a lil bit to the place. Still wasn't too bad and not so bad that I wouldn't return again.
Not the biggest menu for food, but the beer is delicious and the orange blossom beer is absolutely hands down the best beer I have ever tasted!
Let's say 4.5 with a possibility for 5!  This place does pack them in.  I have never really had no luck with parking, but be prepared to look.  Also be prepared to wait if you want a table, but we have almost always had luck with very large bar.. . Cool interior!  Old building repurposed well.  Comfortable open arrangement fairly well laid out and not feeling claustrophobic.  I was told by a local last night that it was once a creamery.. . Friendly and attentive staff and atmosphere.  Lots of tvs if that is important to you.  Bathrooms might be improved on, seeming smallish and humid, but fairly well maintained.. . All that other stuff aside, the beer selections are excellent, plus they have cask sometimes.  I find the Hop Knot IPA to be excellent.. . Have also eaten here probably four or five times now and not had a bad or even mediocre meal.  I suspicion they have an impressive kitchen and staff since they seem to do the volume, and while not strictly embellished, every thing is well prepared and presented.  An attention to detail is obvious.
Haven't been here in quite awhile, but this is a pretty great place to have a bite to eat.  It would get 5 stars from me, but unfortunately I went on game day and the volume on the game was so loud it was a bit off-putting.  I know it's a bar and football season so it's not unexpected .  If you are in the mod to watch the game it's a very good place to go.  The real standout thing are the beer bread sandwiches.  They are more of a wrap than a sandwich, but very good either way.  At our table we had the mushroom one, chicken one, and the italian beef one all of us gave them high marks.  They also come with some pretty awesome fries.  How do you make a fry better?  Dip it in beer batter!  . . Try:. - anything with beerbread. - ice cream cake
Great beers, foods, and customer service!!. . Well, the parking is the hell. They really need to make their own parking space. I just got the parking tickets and I saw so many other people got it too....gosh.. . If there are parking lot, I can give them 5 stars.
Get in and try that Pumpkin Porter while you can! It is awesome!
Good solid food and excellent beer.  It is busy every day seriously.  I even asked the waitress last night what day wasn't busy.  This is a great place to sit out now that the weather is nice.  It is a little warm in the summer for sure.  Parking is a hassle so just expect that if you go.  I like the wings and salads.  It is a big bowl of salad and I can never finish it. I like the chipotle ranch ALOT. . . This is the way a brewery should look and feel in a college town.  Surprisingly there is a diverse crowd in this joint not just students. Service is good too.
One of my person favorite haunts, the employees are all friendly, the food is good and the beer is amazing. This place is always packed being right next to the college
Try the sampler of beer. Can't go wrong.  Get to try 6-8 brews (can't remember). Parking sucks. No getting around it. If your going with a large group, carpool.. Good hearty bar food.. Its always busy.
Great beer. A flight of 9 for $9 is GREAT. You get a little 4-6 oz tasting of each and we liked them all. My favorite was the peach ale. Had the beer battered fries and our party demolished it. Crispy and well seasoned. Friendly service and fun atmosphere.
This four peaks is amazing! However I wish they would start switching out the growlers. . . I went to go refill my cousins while I was out running errands, they took it, gave it back. I didn't know he didn't clean it and he wound up getting sick. I think they should try to either switch them out like when you buy a keg or try to tell you these things up front.
AWESOME BEER!! We shared the beer sample between the two of us!! Loved it!! Now our favorite list of beers has increased. The food was also great just stay away from the pasta salad, but the beer battered fries are a must!!
Beer was great, atmosphere was great, food was great.
Great beer! great food! great service! Their beer is amazing. I'm a huge fan of the Arizona Peach and Pumpkin Porter. I usually order the same thing every-time I'm there: four peaks cheeseburger or the 8th st ale chicken tenders. They have never let me down so far.. . The only thing wrong with this place is the parking. It is a total nightmare. With a place this popular you think they would have a huge parking lot. Nope, just a few spaces here and there and a dirt alley.. . Maybe someday they will expand to the west valley. That would be great!
This place is a pretty decent restaurant/brewery. The food was on the upper end of good, and there was a lot of it that sounded tasty that I didn't get a chance to try. The real reason, for me anyway, to come to a brewing company is to try their beer though. Their lineup is relatively extensive including all the regular types of brew from IPA to stouts. What you should do if you're really looking for something special though is ask about their seasonals or unique beers. They have some great ones in casks and off their main tasting platter depending on when you go.. . Also, DEFINITELY get the Oatmeal Stout Milkshake for dessert...even if you don't like oatmeal stout beers you'll enjoy this treat.
Really good food for a brewery and of course the beer is delicious. The service is hit or miss, been here quite a bit and some servers have been great and some have disappeared off the face of the earth. Would be back though
I have really enjoyed this place every time I've been. The service has been quick and friendly. The beer is good- I usually get the Kilt Lifter. The food has always been tasty in my case! Large appetizer portions that could be a meal in itself. I've gotten the portabella veggies beer bread a few times and let me just say that it is freaking amazing and it's a decent price too!
Great brews to be had at Four Peaks.  Overall great place but the beer is the star as far as I'm concerned.  I chose the four peaks burger and fries with the beer sampler.  YUM!  Tasting the different beers was great.  Service was decent.  A bit crowded which slowed things down a bit but not too bad.  I will be going again for sure.
Well, I rolled up around 5pm and there was plenty of street parking available. Seems like a bunch of famous Phoenix/Tempe restaurants have been plopped down in residential areas - very strange. Happy Hour runs to 6pm only, so I slipped in three craft beers (why are they not letting you get $1 off seasonal beers either?) and was hoping for food specials as well. This is not the case here as only beer is discounted and only by $1, but some kind of food should be included in happy hour deals. After a  switch of seats at the gigantic bar, I ordered the Blue Light Special burger cooked well done and loaded with blue cheese crumbles and average bacon. The bun was really good and the beer battered fries were anotherhighlight. Those things are crispy, crunchy and don't taste deep fried like most battered fries have tasted in the past. Some guy next to me ordered a giant portion of chicken fried steak too that looked good. Burger was top notch (claims to be fresh ground), bartenders were all friendly and I have no parking complaints, so this was a good experience for my debut here.
I will always like Four Peaks for what makes Arizona great.....drinking outside on a great patio. Just awesome. That's really why I come here.  I have fond memories of this place and many happy hours. It's also where I got to know my husband through intimate conversation over a few pints while we were dating! . I'm a huge fan of the peach ale. Simply delicious. The food is good, but a little greasy for my usual taste. Bar food though, so it goes well with beer. I ordered the margarita pizza and my husband got the beer bread wrap. His wrap was swimming in grease on the plate, which was kind of a turn-off. My pizza wasn't bad, but again, I come for the beer. . Friendly service, decent prices.
Great college town brew pub. Amazing beer with a good menu of good food. Busy atmosphere. I will go back.
The food is always consistently great, the beer is excellent oatmeal stout! . . I've come on a game day, a late night, and for lunch. Even with the place being packed the servers and service are always quick and polite. Lunches are a lot of fun because its more relaxed. . . Parking is hilarious but there are plenty of spots down the way so a brisk walk will only help you gain an appetite.
Meeting the guy I'm dating for a quick moment of happy hour. He chose Four Peaks. It's jacket weather on a sunny day, but loved the patio. This place is happening and has good, friendly staff and good brews all it's own namesake. A decent menu of apps and foods. We arrived at about 400p on a Friday afternoon. Could very well have been standing room only, but luckily my quick, savvy, obviously traffic dodging guy got there to secure a good table before me. Since I am more of a wine and vodka girl, I don't know beer that well. I always have to ask the difference between dark, lager, ale and stout. The waiter was busy but he suggested I try samples to make my choice. I won't lie, the Kilt Lifter wasn't as dark as I would like but the Oatmeal stout was too... well... stout! A stout that stout needs a half hard cider for me to be able to hang! Ummm that isn't to be here at the 4 Peaks. AND that is okay:-) Of course, the lightweight I am, I had 3/4 of my Kilt Lifter and was gonna have to submerge it with a little food action or I was gonna be very tips! We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip. Generous portion of sharing goodness. Lots of fresh triangles of pita and crisp, fresh warm tri colored chips. The waiter also kept our waters filled. Important to a girl like me when enjoying libations of alcohol! The brewery is near ASU, so it's a mix of alot of collegiates and many, many biz men and older couples. No worries on ambience. It's a popular, happening place. Lots of fun and good beer. Parking a bit of a crank. But not as bad say in larger cities. End result. 4 out of 5. :-)
I just think that this place oozes awesome.  It's tough to beat a huge warehouse turned brewery / Irish themed establishment.  I was merely there for happy hour, but was able to get the cheesy bread w/ marinara and a few lovely pints of their Hop Knot I.P.A.  . . Anyone wanting to check out a brewery should start here - this is the epitome of that here in the Phoenix area.  I've been to SanTan in Chandler but won't be going back there for a number of reasons.. . I don't know if the parking is something that can be fixed, but that's really the only drawback I can think of - oh - that and the guy is a Vikings fan.
Great Place for beer, but be forewarned to expect a large and youthful crowd as ASU is nearby.  I came on a Wednesday night and squeezed my way up to the bar for a seat, and ordered a sampler platter of their beers.  My tasting notes are as follows (your mileage may vary):. Sunbru Kolsch - just okay, too light for my taste, but probably nicer for the light beer drinkers in your group. 8th Street Pale - very good. Hop Knot IPA - solid IPA, very good with nice citrusy/floral hops to it. Raj IPA - english style IPA, I didn't care for this one. Black IPA Seasonal - was very good. Peach Ale - not my fav, but very peachy if you are into that. Oatmeal Stout - pretty solid, not too thin stout.. . If around the Phoenix area, I would definitely order one of their beers if on the menu.
We were looking for local brewers to try and this was a great find.  The place looked PACKED but we only had to wait 15min for a table and were able to grab a beer at the bar while waiting.  . . The prices weren't bad (around $10) and the beer was pretty good.  It was nice that the menu had suggested beer pairings with the food choices.  We also liked that you can buy cases onsite.  . . The place is huge and impressive, it's a nice atmosphere especially with such a huge and noisy crowd.  The service was good and the manager was making the rounds, a nice touch.  Thanks for a fun and memorable evening out!
First time here, came late night around 12am. My friends and I didn't order any food but we had 3 pitchers of there beer. Peach ale, pumpkin porter which is their seasonal, and kiltlifter. All 3 of those beers were amazing. Our server was Melissa and she was outstanding, at our table a soon a the pitcher was empty everytime. We can't wait to go back
Love the Tempe locations vibe ..Good Beer -good food.. We stop by once a month or so for years now.. BIG FAN - you will not go wrong here!!
Great atmosphere and delish food...try the carne adovada with fried eggs...delish!  you might want to share it though because it's huge...was also happy to know there was pear cider for the non-beer drinking pretending to drink beer.
So I went to the Four Peaks Brewing Co on a date recently and I have to say it was a pleasant experience. Other than the hostesses being a tad unfriendly (I understand they are stressed) and the "bouncers" being unwelcoming, everything else was decent. We walked out after having a beer, a mixed drink and two meals for about $35 which I'm okay with. The place is pretty loud but I guess that's part of the ambiance. I'd go back, perhapsnot on a first date though because I couldn't hear him haha
Awesome Atmosphere and Awesome Beer.  Great building with plenty of outdoor seating.  Got the Fish n Chips and they did not dissapoint.
I've always been a fan of local beer - and four peaks seems to be one of the more prevalent breweries throughout the Phoenix market.  If you homebrew or have ever been around someone else when they've been working on a batch then the first breath that you take once you step through the door will elicit memories of those batches.  The aroma of the steeping grains is one of my favorite parts of the Four Peaks drinking (or in some people's case - Dining) experience.. . As far as other notables, I'd recommend the Tempe location over the North Scottsdale location off of ambiance alone - though parking can be interesting.  And lastly, The Pitchfork IPA is fantastic.
I have always been a Four Peaks fan - the beer AND the grub. It's hard for me to ever order anything other than the Taproom Tenderloin Sandwich when I eat there.  Best.sandwich.ever. I've always enjoyed the Kilt Lifter and the 8th Street Ale beer, but after going there last week, my new favorite is the Hop Knot IPA. I'll be going back soon just for that! I have fun memories of happy hours back in the day at the original Four Peaks in Tempe and while I enjoy going to the location in Scottsdale, too, there's something authentic about going to the one in Tempe. I love the true brewery atmosphere and that it's somewhat hidden, tucked back off major streets. Always a winner!
Went here with my grandlittle last night, and had the best time. The atmosphere is always great, our server I didn't hear her name when she said it, but she was great. Her whole section was full with HUGE parties and she still catered to our constant need for beer and food. Between she and I, we had spinach dip, quesadilla, salad, and an ice cream cake. I didn't particularly care for the chef salad but OMG the rest of the food was to die for. Not to mention the Peach Ale is beyond amazing. . . I'm already a regular here, and had forgotten how fun it is. Go there. Now.
Server was great, food was very good,but parking sucked and it was warm and humid feeling inside.  Even though they had fans on it wasn't good enough.  We will not go back during summer,  we will wait for fall or winter.  What a shame because if they had a/c on and front door shut, they would get more business.
Four Peaks is an upscale brewery restaurant. Nothing more, nothing less. . . With on-site brewing of several classics and rotating seasonal brews, if you're a beer drinker you won't be disappointing by Four Peaks. The service is usually reasonably fast, so you won't be left with an empty glass for long. You will have to wait for a table on a Friday or Saturday night, but they can usually get you sat pretty fast.. . There are only two downsides to Four Peaks. The food is OK, nothing special. I've had several different entrees, and while they aren't bad, they aren't anything to write home about either. The other downside is their location. They are on a side street in Tempe, about two miles from Mill Ave, where most of the bars are located. Their parking is abysmal; you either have to find a street spot, of which there are usually none, or you have to park in their hardly-lit back lot. Generally, when I'm thinking of going there, the parking is a big limitation. . . Their location is also strange, as it is neither a great spot to launch a night out in Tempe, nor is it calmer than Mill. The ASU "bros" are in full attendance on the weekends, so don't expect to kick back and enjoy your craft beer in peace. At the same time, if you want to get to Mill, you'll have to get back into your awkwardly parked car or take a $10+ cab ride to Mill. Still, they're a little cheaper than Gordon Biersch, which is on Mill, so you may break even. . . Four Peaks is a Tempe must-visit. Plan for the parking and expect a lively crowd and you'll have a great time.
Fun atmosphere, energetic service, and GREAT food.   I'm not a beer drinker, but my husband enjoyed the beer flight.  Only downside... the temperature.  The old building is not exactly air-conditioned, and I was pretty uncomfortable throughout lunch on a hot and humid Arizona afternoon.  We'll definitely be back, but in the Fall when the weather is cooler!
food is decent, but the beer is great, Raj IPA
Great Beer, Great Burger, Great Atmosphere.  They do what they do and they do it very well.  Love the Hefeweizen and the Kilt Lifter.  Love the Southwestern Burger.  Parking is not easy, had to park a couple blocks away. Did not love the 4 layer nachos but they were OK.  Everything else was fantastic. Great place gotta try it.
They've recently raised their prices, which drops my rating down a notch. Still, a killer bar/grill and one of my favorites in Arizona.
This is definitely a local brewery that is among the best in not only the state, but a contender in the region. Kiltlifter is one of my all-time favorites, but the Raj IPA is a close second. Also at the top is the Peach ale, and of course in the Fall Pumpkin Porter is one of the best pumpkin beers in the country. . . While the beer is put the brewery on the map, the food cannot be missed. Add some blackened chicken to the nachos, get the southwestern egg rolls, or go with the classic fish & chips and you will go away fat & happy. This time I tried something new and went with carne adovada con huevos. I wasn't sure what to expect, but wow! I was impressed and glad I tried something new. . . The building is big enough for everyone. Room on the patio, room around the bar, and inside, but the one challenging feature is parking. Behind the brewery is very limited. Street parking fills up quickly, and parking in the apartments across the street will earn you a very quick tow. . Go for the beer, but don't skip the food.
Service is mostly good. Been there a few times, and still don't get that home feel. But, the beer is good, the service is timely, and the food is fantastic! Awesome Reuben!
Fabulous beer battered fish and chips! Good beer and food. Very busy b/c of the ASU football game and the service is still good. Price is right and has a good vibe! Will be back for more pre-game tailgating!
Is it easy to eat here? No. Is it worth it? Yes. I love their Peach Ale. They also have some great goat cheese bruschetta and their spicy thai sauce on their chicken wings is SO GOOD. It's usually a lovely experience to sit outside at Four Peaks and enjoy the company of your friends in the fall/winter/spring months. OTHERWISE in the summer months, don't bother. My friend and I tried coming here in July (mistake) thinking they had air conditioning indoors and we would have just waited longer for a table inside. Big mistake. We were dripping sweat before we even got our drinks. Also, parking is a nightmare and there is usually a lengthy wait time.. . Don't forget to bring your I.D. even if you aren't planning on drinking! This is a brewery after all...I've done this on occasion and we've had to drive all the way back home. Oops.
Food was exceptional for a brew pub.  Beer was some of the best I've tried.  Service was prompt and courteous.
I have to downgrade a star, because last time I was here - my favorite portabello veggie beer bread has been changed to have broccoli and carrots instead of the artichoke hearts, onions, mushrooms, sprouts and tomatoes. It was very disappointing, bland and definitely NOT what I want on a veggie sandwich. This is the first time I left my leftovers at Four Peaks because the sandwich wasn't worth taking home. . Altogether, still awesome beer/patio, etc., but really sad about the move to go to cheap, bland vegetables in my sandwich.
Will start off by saying this would have been a 5 if it werent for so many flies on the front patio. Made me want to hurry up and eat. . . That being said, how come I have never been here before now? Tucked away in a neighborhood, parking is a challenge. The staff was great and extremely easy on the eyes. Thank you to Arizona State being right down the road! . . I had a burger and cooked medium perfect, bun was a brioche type that melted in my mouth. Definitely looking forward to going back again!
I had a Scottish style brew, and got to try the Adovado and the Chicken Enchiladas.  Both were very tasty, but I really enjoyed the Adovado.  It's chicken that has been slow cooked for hours in a red chili pepper sauce.  Very good, maybe a bit rough on the digestion.  haha The beer was good, and it's obviously a popular place.  The service was attentive and friendly, and I don't recall any of us needing to ask for anything.  Definitely a good place to stop in for a beer and some food. I didn't get to try the pizzas there, but was told they are very good, as well.
The hop knot is off the hook. Tried a sampler of all the beers, hop knot and porter was the best. Good micro brew one of the best I have been to in a long while.
Four Peaks Will Peak Your Interest. . The main reason anyone would go to Four Peaks Brewing Company is for the excellent beers. Kiltlifter is one of my favorites with its clean taste and slightly sweet finish. Grabbing a sampler, however is the way to start any experience at Four Peaks. . The menu at Four Peaks is worth checking out as well, though, and you won't be disappointed with the results. The filet mignon was phenomenal. While it won't win any calorie counting contest, the stout brew glaze makes an already succulent piece of meat into a joyful meal. Everything I've tried at Four Peaks just has me looking forward to my next visit. . The service is friendly, the orders arrived quickly, and the ambience is perfect for what you want in a brewery; vats. There's always something special about being surrounded by the creation of liquid golds, ambers, and dark magic. You'll start with the sampler, and then be given every reason to come back again and again.
This place is great. This was my second time going in, and my burger was so good the first time that I got the same thing the second time, but with the turkey burger. I wouldn't recommend the turkey burger, but get the Popper Hamburger! So good, with cream cheese, jalapenos...mmm.. I had it with a Four Peaks Peach Ale, which was also yummy. . . We were in a group of 6 and didn't realize that it was Tour de Fat AND an ASU football game. They told us 1 hour wait but we got a table in about 30 mins which was awesome and unexpected. My recommendation would be to not go during a football game...the ASU chants were overbearing for our UA and NAU grads sitting at our table. Needless to say they didn't like when we started a U OF A chant ;)
Never had a bad meal here. Good burgers nachos and beer. The place is always crowded. Great for people watching.
This place has been here for years and it has been a while since I had been here so I figured I would review it.. . The parking is the first thing you experience.  Be here early or be prepared to park on the street with a bit of a walk.  On a positive note...parking is free.. . The place has lots of seating so if you are meeting someone there..make sure they give you their exact seating location or you could be looking for a while.. . . The beer selection is all there own an I always go with a tasty hefeweizen.  Theirs does not disappoint.  Their menu almost has too much on it IMO.  I just want to choose something quick and drink.  I ordered the turkey club.  The club came with plenty of fries and was perfect.  . . The pricing I think is very fair and overall the experience was great.
Four Peaks is the big micro brewery in Arizona and for that, a lot of craft beer fans seem to be turned off by it. I say this because while we were at other breweries in Arizona talking about where we were going, several people told us we could skip them because they're the big, mass produced brewery. . . While it may be true that smaller breweries can have more fun with their beer, it by no means says that this brewery isn't good. . . Though it has a large seating area for the restaurant, it also has about 20,000 barrels of brewing equipment visible. It is right near campus so it can either be a convenient place to go if you're staying on campus, or annoying if you dislike the college crowd. We were there duringa home football game so it was filled with people, but was not rambunctious. . . We got a sample board and it was a pretty big sample board. I liked all of the beer I tasted. Their IPA and their Porter were both very good.. . The staff is also very friendly and prompt. We got to talking about the brewery with our server and he brought over one of the brewery employees. After mentioning that I work in a brewery in Indy, he offered to give us a quick tour of the brewery, which was very nice.. . If you're brewery hopping for the day or are just planning a visit to Tempe, don't let people sell you off Four Peaks just because they're the larger of the breweries.
Popped in quickly before my flight back to Portland after a great recommendation from a bud. I wasn't disappointed. First, let me say that I would love to come here on a warm, clear Phoenix night and waste away with a cold beer on their patio....Second, their beer is pretty darn good. I'm often surprised that there isn't more breweries in Phoenix but Four Peaks is a definite hit. I had the Kilt Lifter-a musttry and their seasonal peach beer which I LOVED. On a recommendation from Yelp, we tried the Calamari-it was different-HUGE chunks of squid, it wasn't the best I've ever had but pretty good. The texture reminded me of eating fried cheese and it even tasted like it! You can't go wrong with a pretzel either-and the cheese dip was great. . . I can definitely see myself coming back with a group of friends the next time I'm in town.
The Salmon BLT was GREAT; it was my first visit but so glad I found this place.  Will def try again when I'm back in the area.
My husband's been a big fan of Kiltlifter for ages, so it was about time we visited the source.. . We sat out on the patio on a lovely afternoon. The garlic cheese beer bread appetizer was yum--very nice flatbread, so it was tasty but not filling. . . I had the chef salad. Whoa. SALAD MOUNTAIN. It was one of those rare times where the salad was totally worth the money. It was loaded with meat and other goodies. I didn't like the raspberry dressing much and the waitress brought out the emulsified vinaigrette instead. That worked much better. I brought a whole box of salad home.. . My husband had the Four Peaks cheeseburger and liked it. The fries were especially good. He was happy to have beer along with his food and bought a growler.. . We're not in Tempe often, but this was a good place. I can see why it's so popular.
Yesterday beer battered shrimp and crab pita was ridiculously delicious.  Never disappointed with the food and beer.
Good price, good food, and great drinks! A really cool place to unwind.
I love this place!  Great food, great micro-brews (that you can even take home), great atmosphere.   I love dining outdoors, and the place stays comfortable in the winter with outdoor heaters and the summer with misters.   I take all my out of town guests here as well as I know there will be something on the menu for everyone and the food will always be delicious and of the highest quality.  Friendly staff as well.
Great food, had blue cheese burger, better half had fish n chips, all good stuff and great attentive service. Beer was really good coplamented food well
Awesome beer! Great micro brews. Food was excellent as well. Had the Southwest burger. Very good. Great atmosphere as well.
Had a total blast on a recent trip. Enjoyed the Pumpkin seasonal ale. The IPA was decent too.
Love this place but the wait can get out of control at times when you see empty spots open here and there while you wait. The staff are very friendly but sometimes when you walk in they think they are a CLUB and card you and scare you away. Other than that great large serving of food and great staff but parking sucks but I guess that's the whole thing about going there is an experience????
This place is absolutely amazing! . . Truly delicious food and some very tasty beers! We went on week night and it was packed but very quick in service. Boyfriend got the nacho appetizer and I got the Four Peaks Burger and both were outstanding. The nachos were big enough for me to take home as leftovers for another full meal. . . The oooooonly reason I don't give it 5 stars is because parking is a bit tough and it was pretty chilly in the restaurant. I wish I would have brought a bigger jacket.
4 peaks is a gem in this area. The beer will satisfy any picky drinker, and they also have a full bar and menu. The food is upscale bar and slightly creative, which makes for safe and often curious selections. They have a great open outdoor seating area that  even when inside you are able to enjoy- its very open and inviting. When walking up to 4 Peaks, it kind of throws you off because you would never expect anything decent to be around. Places like these deserve the amount of business it generates, they are willing to try it out and it works. Service staff is attentive even when busy. I would probably give it a second try before I jump into a 5 star....enjoy!
