this place is just like cheesecake factory. . very good. . to bad my service wasnt good. . this rating is strictly on the food and atmosphere. . the waiter was very rude and very odd. . sun dried tomato pasta was very good.
A nice inexpensive place for in between the expensive restaurants. :)
DESIGNED JUST LIKE THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY! I had the club sandwich which was reallyy good & the boyfriend got the buffalo chicken sandwich, even BETTER than my meal! also great service!
I hope I'm reviewing the right Grand Lux Cafe as there are two on the same street?    The place is huge and reminded me of the Cheesecake factory with it's many offerings, but on a grander scale and less "franchisey" than the Cheesecake factory.  . Service was good, just a touch snobby as I felt they frowned upon us bringing a kid in.  Maybe it's just me.. The short rib sloppy joe was great (thanks to my yelper friend Len for recommendations) and prices were reasonable.  I expected it to be much higher.   . Overall, I would recommend this as a great place to go if you're in Vegas.  . If I happen to be in the area, I would come here again.   There's enough choices to please everyone.
If you like the CheeseCake Factory, you will enjoy Grand Lux Cafe.  On my recent trip to Vegas I ate here twice.  The first night was at 3:30am, after clubbing heavy.  The food was great and just what I needed to bounce back.  My biggest complaint about Vegas is the lack of reasonable places to eat, that still taste good.  I hate buffets so that has a lot to do with why I feel that way too...If your looking for no surprises and a decent meal, here's the spot.
Going to school in LA, I was already familiar with Grand Lux so it was a nice surprise to see that they were still open at 3AM after a long drive to Vegas. . . They have a big menu with a wide variety of items to choose from. I ended up getting the braised short rib sandwich which was flavorful and toasty. . . Don't forget to order the beignets! (took me a long time to figure out how to spell that) Fresh hot balls of fried dough with 3 different dipping sauces.
If you like large portions or if you have not eaten all day due to your winning streak, this is the place.  Their entire menu is decent.  Get a bloody orange mimosa.  Very tasty.  I ate some crazy club sandwich that was the size of my stomach.  The food is quality and the service is excellent.  The price is also right.
If you love love love Cheesecake Factory....you will love love love Grand Lux Cafe in The Venetian!  My favorites:  Jumbo Shrimp Pasta with lemon cream sauce and the Lemon Chicken Picatta.  YUM YUM YUM!!!  I can't get enough of this place!
Grand Lux is located in the Venetian on the first floor. There was no wait this time but the place was pretty full. The decor is nice with simulated patio seating since your indoors. It is a little loud with the casino right behind you but bearable. My favorite entree is the spaghettini with clams and shrimp. Grand Lux is always on the list of restaurants we want to hit when in Vegas.
OMG love the grand lux anytime of day or night!  Excellent service pretty much every time i go there!. . Creme brulee chocolate and regular are soooooo good!. . Chocolate espresso martinis are fantastic,.  Thai chicken pizza (i get it without the chicken) with peanut sauce is really tasty!
good food, great service. The place is romantic and prices are reasonable. I do not eat at the cheesecake factory but I would eat here again! we had the avocado and chicken salad which was pretty good if you like oriental dressing. husband ordered the sloppy Joe which was really good but didn't expect it to be that heavy considering the waiter told us its lean meat!!
Went there on February 12, 2011 for lunch with the girls. Wait time wasn't as bad as I thought, was just 2o minutes. Good atmosphere, staff was pleasant. Sort of reminded me of Cheesecake Factory.. . Had a burger there. Forgot what it was called though, but I do know it came with fries and chipotle sauce, which was fantastic. Bread and butter were serve upon waiting for the entrees to come out. . . Great filling place. Would come by again to try something new on the menu.
ASIAN NACHOS: IS  A MUST HAVE!!  . . affordable food, great for big parties!! just make sure you reserve ahead of time!
Very good. After a long day of travel to Las Vegas we were looking for a casual place to have lunch. We stumbled in to the Grand Lux Cafe as we waited for our room to check in.. The hostess was nice and accomodating and our seat / table was nice. The service was prompt and the menu had a lot of variety. My wife had the seafood salad and I had the Asian chicken salad.. Both salads were large and very good. The seafood salad had ALOT of crab in it. The "Louie" dressing did have a strong lemon flavor.. We enjoyed our meal and it was what we were looking for.. . Update - We have eaten breakfast there 3 days in a row......Fantastic food, service, value. The best pancakes around. (see photo's on my profile)
My must go LV stop!Good atmosphere, food, staff, what a good way to start a LV trip. . . Foods to pick:. Cesar salad; it's huge! And delicious. Eat with chicken, I ask for extra cheese & crouton piece- so unhealthy, but who cares I'm in Vegas with all the alcoholics, smokers & sinners, cheese & crouton are the least of my worry. Lol!. . Jambalaya with rice also fulfilling & delicious. . . For flavor twist try Thai/Asian nachos. Tasty but not spicy yet has a small flavor kick.. . Seems pricey but really the portion are LARGE. Try it, you won't regret it!
Yumm...its ok... fun place to hang out though.
Note: this is cheesecake factory's sister chain.. This was a good place for lunch and late night/ early morning drunk food. Our group came here for both occasions and the food was equally as good as the other. Not only were there tons of things to choose from but they all were really appetizing. The prices were decent and it's something different from the fast food court. We came to this specific location for lunch one day and we all got different things. I ordered the half salad and pasta de telefono. The salad was a spring mix and was good, and the pasta was very cheesy but since I enjoy cheese it was delicious. The addition of chicken was a rip off but I needed some poultry with my pasta so I couldn't complain too much. Others had pastas, salmon and sandwiches which I heard were all good as well.
The minute we were seated, we were served water and bread.  From that moment I knew we had selected the right place!. . My friends and I had dinner at the Grand Lux Cafe.  We were all very please with the many selections on the menu. . . Pros:. -Quick Seating. -Reasonable Prices. -Large Portions. -Friendly Staff. . Cons:. - A little confusing to find. . If you are looking for a place that is a bit casual and yet has a hint of fancy-ness give this place a try.
This spot was our savior during our stay at the Venetian.  Service was good and the food was good as well.  Killer salad dressing made from scratch and the pizza and pasta we ate was delicious.  I would come back even if I weren't staying at the Venetian!
Ah, the Grand Lux Cafe! What a pleasure it was to dine here with friends and enjoy great tasting food and wonderful company. This restaurant serves great quality food made any time within their busy 24hr days.  I was truly amazed at how busy this restaurant was at 4:30 AM in the morning! Thus, the Grand Lux Cafe, if defined, would probably be stated as a magnificent illumination! After all, "lux" is the International System of Units (SI) of illumination.. . I highly recommend anyone to try this establishment. Even though it is owned by the The Cheesecake Factory, I would like to think that this is a much nicer version of it and with more proper etiquette and service and better food for24 hrs/7 days a week! What's best is that' it's in Vegas! Where some do not sleep but must eat!. . May I just state that this place has THE BEST...or ONE of THE BEST vegetarian mushroom burgers that I have ever tried! I love that they give some sort of avocado-mayo for you to spread on you bun and you can actually taste the mushrooms. Their waffles are delicious and fluffy and their pastas are very flavorful. Their hot chocolate made my gambling night a little more edgy as it was ridiculously exquisite.. . Great atmosphere, quick service, friendly service, and good food!
I had a business trip to Las Vegas a couple of months back and stayed at the Venetian. A couple of us went to the Grand Lux for some lunch and the service was horrible. Our server looked like he was hungover and trying to keep up. The only thing he did right was recommend the Max Burger which was AWESOME! Ranks as one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. It was so good I went back and had it again the next day. Just as good the second time. I ended up eating there a third time trying their Indochine Shrimp and Chicken which was also AMAZING!. This place would have gotten 5 stars had it not been for our smacked out waiter on the first visit.
Ahhhh, the last morning in Vegas. Why not a nice breakfast, eh? . . The fantastic coffee is served with fresh cream. The benedict was the best I had ever had. The fruit is fresh and the pancakes fluffy. Modestly priced from items off the menu, and the buffet they offer for those on the run was about 15 dollars. It included breakfast meats, fruit, hash, even an omelette station.. . We sat out on the terrace....Well, inside the casino, but outside the restaurant, It was nice, romantic.
FAVORITE: Turkey and (i believe it was) Havarti . . We stopped here right before we went to go see The Blue Man Group to grab a sandwich to take in...we went with this one and it did not disappoint it was a great sandwich and the cheese pairing was delish!
Been here a couple of times before. I've never been disappointed by the food that comes out of the kitchen, the service, or the view (last time here, saw Lebron James, Donyell Marshall and their posse). This appears to be one of the favorites of my close buddy and his family as well.. . The Venetian hotel is known for it's 5 star service and decor, that of classic elegance. The name itself evokes thoughts of royalty and class. The restaurant almost always has a line, especially at night as this is one of the few restaurants open late night with a full palatable menu.. . Environment: the restaurant had the main dining hall, a couple side sections and the "outdoor" patio. All are very open with high ceilings so that you never feel crowded. Given that this is in the middle of one of the more popular hotels in Vegas, ambient noise is a given. We happened to sit on the patio which is still inside the hotel but enclosed by a 3 foot high antique gate. Perfect for people-watching especially because you have a great view of the hallway leading to Tao nightclub. The tables are a little too closely situated together (I coupe clearly hear the conversation of our neighbors) but you're never hitting elbows. If you're a larger person, request the booth seating because the chairs are designed for people with a BMI of 25 or less.. . Waiter/waitresses: she made several trips to our table to make sure we were enjoying our dinner. Every time she came by, she had a smile on her face. Our water cups never went empty nor did our bread basket. Overall, impressive service and something you'd expect at a more intimate 4-star restaurant.. . Food: I just learned that this restaurant is owned by Cheesecake Factory. That explains the decor, bread, an much of the menu. The bread basket contains freshly baked honey wheat and sourdough. The crust is crunchy and flaky while the middle of the loaf is soft and chewy, the perfect consistency for bread. The honey aspect of the wheat bread is not overpowering but adds jut a hint of sweetness to enhance your appetite and clear your palate for the entree. For the main course I had the crispy caramel chicken. Basically, it's fancy orange chicken which is served with a medley of vegetables marinated in the sweet and spicy thai sauce covering the chicken as well ad a generous helping of either brown or white rice. The chicken's crust was a little thick, making it difficult to chew. The chicken itself was on the drier side and the sauce a little too sweet. In fact, the dish was more sweet than spicy. If that suits your taste, you may want to check this dish out.. . Drinks: just water.. . Recommendation: EAT!!!
A solid brunch choice in Vegas. You can tell that Cheesecake Factory plays a role in the food & decor. Service was quick and the food was good. I was feeling gross from all of the unhealthy food I ate the day before so I ordered the protein breakfast. Great, healthy option...sometimes you need that after a night out. There is a breakfast buffet until 11 but since we were seated at 10:45 it didn't seem worth it. My friend ordered hashbrowns, eggs and sausage. The sausage was the best, not too greasy. 2 entrees + drinks = $40. I thought that was very reasonable.
The Grand Lux was the only $$ restaurant where I ate in Vegas, and although it was pricier than I hoped, it was worth it. The atmosphere befits the decadence of the Venetian itself, creating a romantic, yet casual feel. . . The waiter was strangely friendly and paused awkwardly between questions to create an uncomfortable feel, but nice, nonetheless. Our food was delicious, with large portions and sides. The meal begins with a plentiful breadbasket. I had the white eggs with hash browns and toast, which was a lot of tan-colored carbs, but around $8.95, and a huge meal. The burger with a side salad looked good. . . Overall, a little pricier, but nicer than fast food on strip.
We usually will hit a buffet or try a quick spot whenever in Vegas for a bite but my bff highly recommended this place and said she preferred it over the buffet's so we gave it a try.  . . We first looked at their menu outside and I was confused because there were all these different times noted, so I wasn't sure if all the food was offered for dinner time but it was.  The menu is several pages so hopefully you are in the mood for something in particular or you may be there awhile trying to decide.  . . There were 3 of us and we decided to share the small chopped salad, margherita pizza, and double stuffed spring rolls.  The portions are plentiful which was great!  We loved the salad and pizza, the potato rolls were good but not our favorite of the things we ordered.  They give you a bread basket that was very good too.  We had plenty of food and took the leftovers.  We didn't get drinks ... overpriced.  The water tasted great ;-) . . Our waitress was very nice.  At first we got the impression she was a bit snobby but actually she turned out to be very friendly and helpful which only helped the experience.  We were seated outside and enjoyed being able to people watch as it was very entertaining.  . . If you go here, I would suggest you share everything and while it's tempting, don't get too many items!
Showed up with a party of 30 and they had us seated in about 15 minutes.  The burgers and pastas are really good and portions are freakn huge. I always recommend the Max burger but last time I got it, it wasn't that great. But when they get it right, its a seriously good burger.. . It's a bit $$ but not too much and worth it.
If you are a fan of the Cheesecake Factory then a trip to the Grand Luxe Cafe should be on your list when in Vegas. . . Owned by the Cheesecake Factory so you will see the similarities. Solid plates served with panache but with a comfort food twist to it. Everything you get here is big, and tasty! Menu is large, and if you can't find something to eat here then you might as well just go get a candy bar. Plus, they have those great slices of cheescake made by the parent company.. . I love coming here for lunch and getting the half sandwich and soup special. Also comes with a salad. Great deal for $10, and you get more than enough on the plate to satisfy. Also, many salads, burgers, sandwiches and so much more to choose from. Decent prices for what you get here.. . Plus, the actual place is large and beautifully decorated. A lot of attention to detail went into the planning of this location. Another cool thing is to get a seat in the fake front outside patio area to people watch. Sometimes you can see a real freak show walk by here in Vegas where anything goes!
Customer Service here is a joke, but the quality of food makes up for it.. I came here twice during my Vegas trip,once for a late dinner and once for an early lunch.. . Bad customer service = hostess with a bad attitude, a table without basic condiments such as sugar for coffee, waffles delivered on a plate without any strawberries or whip cream. . Food on the other hand was delicious. I had the avocado chipotle burger. Burger was cooked to perfection, tasted gourmet fresh. Avocado portions were fair, fries on the side and you are golden! For lunch, my friend had the chilaquiles (delicious, but light on the eggs) and strawberry waffles. . Better than Cheesecake Factory!
MMMMMMMMMM. SHORT RIB GRILLED CHEESE. . never seen this anywhere else and it is AMAZING. seriously out of this world. Ate so many places while in vegas and this is definitely a stand out.. . Their hot sourdough bread and butter is also great. . Came here 3 nights in a row at like 3 am.... short rib grilled cheese twice. Had the chicken avocado sandwich another time which was also amazing.. . short rib grilled cheese. you will thank me.
they are open 24 hours!!! . perfect for those that get hungry after long day of gambling or traveling!!! . food selections are similar to cheesecake factory!!
The food here was terrific.  I had the fish and chips and it was crispy and fresh.  What else can you say about Vegas?  The food is delicious and fresh.  My only complaint is the service.  The server felt fake too me when she kept saying this and that is so good.  Cmon lady, why would we ask for your opinion if you are going to give us some generic answer.  They have some Asian fares on the menu but I would stay away if you want authentic food.  Just go to Chinatown on Spring Mt Rd.
Lots of food for a decent price.  It's not the healthiest restaurant choice, but damn is their food good..... . I've always like the Cheesecake Factory for really one dish (Shrimp Scampi yay!) and one dish alone, and my initial impression of the Grand Lux Cafe was that they were a bit similar to Cheesecake Factory.  I didn't realize then, that they are owned by the same company...but I digress..... . At the Grand Lux though, I found more dishes that I like (Ahi Tuna burger, Double Stuff Potato Spring Rolls, to name a few).. . This particular location was located right at the base of the set of elevators to the Venetian hotel rooms.  And at the time, being a Venetian guest, it was just way too easy to keep coming back.  Was I mad about that?  Of course not, how can you be mad at good food within walking distance to your elevator bank?. . I also appreciated their long hours.  I guess being a Vegas location and all, it was easy for them to open early (early enough for me) and stay open later.. . But I guess do to the close proximity to the elevators and their long hours, they do get full fast.  Full enough to cause 2 long lines...which I never quite understood why there were 2 lines to begin with.  If you don't mind taking the food to go (which is the easiest thing to do when the line is too long) head over to the left area which kind of looks like a cafe.  You can order Grand Lux takeout from there.
Perfect spot for late night grub at 5am, after losing money at the Venetian casino.  There was a good amount of people dining (and a group of loud annoying yougins), but we had fast friendly service which made up for it.  It took a while to look through their massive menu, but I was happy with what I ordered.  I got me some Fried Chicken & Waffles, which was a very generous portion.  I was bummed I got fried chicken strips instead, but paired with the honey butter, hot syrup, and crispy waffle, it was pretty good.  Everyone was happy with what they ordered, from pasta to burgers.  . . Great place for large groups, large portions, and late night dining.
not much to complain about, lots to choose from and so far everything seems to be average to good. open 24 hours.. . wait, there is something to complain about. the zen noodles, sorry ass excuse for pho. if you're drunk and just left the club and need some noodle soup, I would recommend waiting a few hours until noodle asia opens up and get their roast duck noodle soup.
If you like Cheesecake Factory, you will love this place!! Its like going to CF but having different items to choose from! I love it! Stayed at the Venetian 4 days and everyday found time to eat here whether it was breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night!! . . Another plus is that if you are staying at the Venetian, its right next to the Guest Elevators, and in between you have Gigi's Cupcakes and that other bakery so you can take dessert back to your room :-)
I always come here when I stay at the Venetian (or, like in my most recent trip, The Palazzo). Convenient and open late-night. At least the location in the Venetian -- the one in Palazzo is only open reg hours.. . I love that their portions are huge. Prices aren't exactly cheap, but they are fair for what you get.  My main complaint is their RIDICULOUSLY SLOW service, esp during the late night hours. Omg it was so slow. We were just two girls, but it was nearly impossible to get our check paid and gtfo to go to sleep at 5 am on a Fri night/Sat morning. We were about to fall asleep at our table. . . Both times we went to Grand Lux on this trip, we just grabbed a table in the bar area to avoid waiting, and both times service was super slow. But I really like the food, and the slow ass servers are at least very nice. The Asian bartender at the Palazzo location was awesome to everyone around the bar. He must have been especially friendly if that made an impression through my drunken haze.. . I would knock my rating down to a 3 for mind-numbingly slow service late at night, but I'll be nice because it's Vegas and everyone has a great time regardless. And when it comes down to it, I am a Grand Lux devotee!
Last time I came here, we had a feast.  We ate pizza and some other items.  They were so good.  This time I decided to eat more "healthier."  We started off our meal with the bread.  It's always good when hungry and free.  I got the Chicken Salad Sandwich.  I didn't like how the chicken came.  It reminded me of eating tuna, and the sauce they used to moisten the food sucked.  I also ate (off my friend's plate) the breakfast sausage, hash browns, and egg meal.  It was alright.
With a such a wide variety it's hard to pin point anything that really really stands out.  I've had a few dishes from here and they all were tasty, fresh, and satisfying!. Place is setup very nicely and has a nice dim lighting going on.  Good group of waiters/waitresses.. Food sometimes can take a little while but not "I'm going to complain long".. A place I recommend.
Being a huge Cheesecake Factory fan, I am always excited to see it's sister restaurant Grand Lux.  I was staying at Venetian so I was glad to have this so close to the elevators.. . The service is friendly, though it can be slow when all of the drunks come in.  Food is yummy.  I reccommend the Enchiladas as well as the Chicken and Waffles.  . . On Sundays (perhaps Saturdays as well), they do a breakfast buffet with some limited breakfast items and an omelet bar.  It's a good deal if you just want the basics.
i think it was about 6 of us that decided we were hungry after the club/bars and stuff. so we decided to eat here at around 4 or 5 in the morning, which was convenient since we were staying at the venetian..  i dont remember what anyone else ordered but i ordered the bacon cheeseburger,it was btwn that and fetticcini alfredo(for some reason i was craving that) but the waiter told me to get that burger. that was the best order at the table for sure!! thanks to that waiter i had a really good bacon cheeseburger.. but i was kind of drunk so i dont remember it as much as i would of sober. this place is a good place to go too though!! check it out if your in LV at the venetian, hungry and maybe even a lil buzzed
margherita pizza.  drools.  Queen Margherita would be proud.  Grand Lux has one of the best margherita pizzas I've ever tried.  The lux is one of my go-to restaurants in Vegas.  Nice venue, great service, and a very extensive menu.  I've tried their seafood salad (delish) and garden salad (very refreshing).  Their garlic infused ranch is soooo good!  . . I would also give their omelet with havarti a gold star.  I've heard good things about their weekend breakfast buffet, including the omelet bar.  I shall try it next time I'm in Vegas!
So we are sitting waiting for the 7pm Jersey Boys show to start and they say it's over 2 hrs run time. Hmmmm.....we are going to be hungry at the end so I pull out my yelp app. Based on the reviews it's an easy decision and thank you yelpers, I wasn't let down.  . . Tried a pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich that has me salivating just thinking about it.  Also tried their smaller bites of a mini pizza with spinach and burratta.....light and savory.  We didn't want to stuff ourselves so late at night so also opted for the duck wontons.  Yummy.  Drink prices were a little steep but the cocktails had a nice kick while still being easily sippable....well, gulpable....it is Vegas!!
Dined here for breakfast a couple of times this week while in Vegas. Really a great place, pages of menu items but breakfast is WOW. Grand Lux omelet was my fav. They also have a $15 "express breakfast" which is really a small buffet with an Omelet station, fruit, oatmeal, muffins, pastries, breakfast meats and toast. Coffee and juice also included so a good value. Bad thing about it was the "conventioneers" who descended in masses and lined up for this breakfast so to get an omelet took forever. Coffee was great also, very rich and yummy! We did stop in at their bar one afternoon for a cocktail, I had one, okay two, Clementine Crush cocktails made with orange vodka and fresh juices, delish!! We've also been to the one in Chicago so knew what to expect and this one did not disappoint!
Cheesecake Factory style, Very international food on the menu, which means good selection, and something for anyone.. Prices are good too, its on the cheap side for Vegas ;-P. I had the mushroom burger and my husband had the Ahi salad, both were Amazing. Service was good, the only minus is the "outside" seating area is within the casino facing slot machines, therefore the decor is so so..
If this place reminds you of the Cheesecake Factory...well, you are right!  I believe Cheesecake Factory owns this place as well.  I remember one of the waiters telling us so.  Came here with a group of people when we were in Vegas and food is good, no complaints!  I think everyone enjoyed what they ordered, even down to the alcoholic beverages.  . . I ordered their BLT sandwich and it was great and delish with just the right amount of everything...and oooohhh bacon...who doesn't love that?! Crunchy and crisp and complimented the sandwich just right.  Although get your bread not toasted otherwise the bread becomes too crunchy.  Eh!  Service was prompt and friendly.  Prices are comparable to Cheesecake Factory.  . . Although, if you are looking for the same selection of cheesecakes like Cheesecake Factory, you won't get the same here.  There are only a few selections of cheesecakes, so don't get disappointed if you are looking for a specifc flavor of choice.
It's not the most original concept or location in the world.  But god damn if it doesn't have the biggest menu of all time.  You can come here with a group of 10 people who are all looking for something completely different, and they will all get a good meal.  Burger, Salad, Sandwich, Pasta, Chinese, Thai, Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Soup.  They have it all, they do it well.  Huge seating capacity as well.  Exactly what is needed in this particularly location.. . Great bread baskets too.
Zen noodles are awesome at 4am when you're drunk! Tastes like pho and the broth def helps make the drunk feeling go away. The noodles are a lil thicker than I'd like...I think deep down I would have rather had ramen :P. . And the bartender/waiter was such a nice guy to the stumbling drunkards that were trying to get some food, so while the food was a 3 at that ungodly hour, he gets that extra star.
Oh Vegas, the way you make me feel in the morning is less than desirable.  Luckily there is Grand Lux cafe to make me feel a little bit better!. . They have a breakfast buffet if you want to go that route, or you can just order off the huge menu. Portions are large either way.... . Huevos Rancheros is highly recommended!
5am Sunday morning, tired and H.O. just like everyone else - it's Grand Lux to the rescue! All I remember from that night was gently putting my forehead down on the table for a quick rest which eventually turned into a few minutes of me falling asleep on the menu. Luckily my friends woke me up just in time to wipe the drool off my face and order a Grand Lux Burger Melt. I THINK thats what I ordered. I'm not sure, but whatever it was, it was pretty darn good. Thanks to my kind friends for not letting me miss out on that opportunity. Ok going back to sleep now. (~_~) zzZZ
While in Vegas for Mfest with my husband we kept seeing the ads for their stacked pancakes and the tuna salad so we had to give it a try. Though my husband was disappointed that he did not get to enjoy the stack of pancakes I ordered the Madeira Chicken and oh good lord it was amazing. The chicken was perfectly tender covered in cheese and served with mashed potatoes. I enjoyed it very much. I would defintely recommend trying out the Madeira Chicken if you pop by the Grand Lux Cafe.
If you want a sundae as huge as your head .... this is the place!!! Whip cream has no sweetness to it...
I'm not usually a fan of chains, but the Grand Lux is an exception. This restaurant is owned by the same company that owns the Cheesecake Factory, but the prices are so much lower and the food super delicious.. . I've been to the one at the Venetian and this one is at the Palazzo and haven't been disappointed either time. Our server was great, very attentive to our daughter's dietary restrictions and very pleasant to talk to.. . If you're looking for a good place to eat some good food, and don't want to get caught up in the Cheesecake Factory fad, this is the place. I wish they would open one here i Salt Lake City.. . Eat here and you won't go wrong.
I tried the breakfast buffet they have and it was pretty good for the price you pay. It includes your normal breakfast stuff: bacon, potatoes, sausage, eggs, and an omelette/egg station where they make your eggs any way you like. They have assorted fruit which was all extremely juicy and fresh! they have wheat and sourdough bread you can toast, jellies, bagels, cream cheese, and assorted pastries. And unlimited orange juice which i loved because they freshly squeeze their juice and its 4.50 a glass so i definitely had about 3 of them! this has always been a favorite of mine and it still ceases to disappoint me.
I've only eaten here once, so I don't consider my opinion the most valued or educated.  However, I can say that when I ate here a while back the food was fantastic.  The portions were huge, as is consistent with the Cheesecake Factory, which is in someway affiliated with the Grand Lux (again, not the most educated review).  I ordered the fried chicken and waffles.  It was basically a belgian waffle with chicken fingers over top of it, but the food made my night.  The bread they serve as an appetizer is also pretty delicious.  Overall, a great dining experience.  I can't remember the name of my server, or anything in particular from that aspect of the meal, which is usually a good thing.
I came here for a super late dinner with David G, Sarah A and Minh D on our first night in Vegas, and really liked what I had:. . Joe's Special - a huge serving of ground beef, spinach and onions, scrambled into eggs, add avocado.  Served with hash browns and a bagel with cream cheese and jam, this hit the spot for sure!. . I tried DG's Seared Ahi appetizer - a large piece of super dark red ahi, sliced thin and presented with separate little piles of cucumber, carrot and bean sprout salads. Yum dipped in the soy sauce with wasabi that it came with.. . Sarah's Short Rib Grilled Cheese brought back yummy memories of years ago when I tried it - and Minh's Lox & Eggs looked delish! . . I refrained from trying the red velvet cake, but I can't promise I'll make the same decision next time - my somewhat weak decaf coffee coulda used a little excitement!. . Service was pretty good and the people watching at this hour was super entertaining : D.
soooo accommodating to our dietary restrictions!!! As none of you know, i'm back on my vegan grind and though it is not tough when you're traveling, it can be inconvenient. Our waitress was a gem and patiently described what the chef can do and what he/she can't. So I ordered a pasta dish with marinera sauce and my hunny ordered something similar and the Grand Lux margarita (order it. it's dope). Our waitress came back a few minutes later and said that the chef is specially preparing our food on their backup stoves or whatever because he wants to insure that it is completely vegan. I was super touched by that because he def couldve just done whatever he wanted being that it was peak lunch time and the place was hella crowded. . . Thanks you guys!
Created by the founder of Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux Cafe is like a more upscale European version of it's former self. Open 24 hours, it's a great place to sober up after the wild night.. . It's 4am and we're all hungry. Us being Lucy Y., David G., Sarah A., and myself. Having been here before, I recommended coming here for some early morning grub. We encountered some half naked drunk dudes standing around the restroom outside the restaurant. Good stuff!. . We were promptly seated and I was craving breakfast. Ordered the Smoked Salmon with onions and scrambled eggs, it came with hash browns on the side. Simple and delicate at the same time. Contrast of smoked salmon and eggs together created a good plate overall. Filling enough for bedtime.  . . Pricier than most 24 joints in the hotels, but the food and service is better also. Keep in mind only the late night menu is available after a certain time.
A solid 4.5 stars....... . This place is great. Located in the Ventian you really can't miss it because it's right next to the main gaming area. It's owned by The Cheesecake factory and it's very similar to the Cheesecake Factory. However, they have better food here. It's really good. Here are some of the items that I have tried that I highly recommend:. . 1. Thai Chicken Pizza (very nicely done). 2. Grand Lux Burger Melt (you haven't had a burger until you try this). 3. Southern Fried Chicken (melts in your mouth). 4. Southwestern Salad (excellent). . I'm docking them a half of a star because every time I come here prices seem to rise.. . I have always had excellent service at this location and enjoy dining here. The Venetian is a great hotel in Vegas and this restaurant is an added plus. This place is really good and every time I visit Vegas I make it a point to eat here.. . Highly recommend!
Great place to go after clubbing til the wee hours of the night! We got:. . Scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage: The maple sausage wasn't quite sweet enough, but not bad. The hash browns I also thought were too thick and not crispy enough, but the eggs were pretty good.. . Crab cakes: YUM. I really can't say any more. Texture was amazing, plenty of crab, delicious dip...nom nom nom!. . Italian vegetable soup of the day: Very salty but plenty of veggies. Good after drinking so much.. . That's all I had/tasted. My other friends got a pizza that looked amazing and a seared ahi tuna salad that also looked great!
It's basically like a Cheesecake Factory (actually I think it is part of the same chain) but with better dishes IMO. I got the pasta carbonara and it was food coma goodness! My bf got the burger melt and although it was greasy  greasy, it was so delicious! Burger melt with all the right cheeses and thousand island sauce - NOM! The fries were nice and crispy. We also got the duck potstickers which didn't blow my mind but was an interesting twist to regular pork potstickers. . . Good spot for dining at any hour of the day... that means thank goodness it's open 24/7 for your after clubbin' munchies!
After making it to TAO for our stamp and open bar bracelet, we ventured out to look for food. Whaat? Don't try to tell me you'd rather pay to go in and booze! . . We couldn't really walk too far since the girls had heels on and walking was really not an option. After a quick escalator ride, we found ourselves situated in front of the Grand Lux Cafe. I knew I bookmarked this restaurant but couldn't remember why and thanks to the awful AT&T network in Vegas, yelping it was not an option. (I remember now that I bookmarked it because it was good for late night snackin!) My friends and I were eager to try it since we were all starving! While walking to our seat, I couldn't help but feel like I'm in a Cheesecake Factory and what do you know.. it's from the same makers!. . Between Mr. Dubs and I, we ordered the ahi tuna salad, duck potstickers and burger.. . Salad and burger were yums but you can skip the duck pot stickers-- tasted like any other potstickers! From what I heard from around the table, the burgers were the best and judging from the few bites Mr. W. allowed me, it was yummy!. . Prices are good-- anywhere you can eat a meal for under $20 on the strip is good in my book.  I'll be back the next time I visit Vegas!
Ok came here for the late night munchies after a typical vegas saturday night.  I was just at their counterpart early that morning for breakfast and I was extremely happy with the food.  This time around the food selection is not as large at night, which was expected but the food was not outstanding.  I would normally expect the opposite since it normally seems that food is that much better after you've been drinking all night long.  Fries were, chewy, not sure if that is the right word but definitely looked like they just came right out of the fryer.  So maybe old, not sure.  Burgers were good but once again nothing special.  I still give this place a 4 stars since service was still top notch and food was still good for a late night joint.
The Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant with an extensive menu of well-priced, well-portioned international items, located near the casino area in The Venetian, Vegas. Open 24/7, this place has something for everyone with Signature items for breakfast, brunch/lunch and dinner to tapas, espresso, dessert, cocktails and late night snacks.. . Coffee = Amazing. Highly recommend!. It definitely makes my Top 3 for best coffee I've ever had. I take my coffee black, but this coffee was so delicious and flavourful that my girlfriends did as well. Defs worth a try!. . We strolled in around 5:20AM and shared the Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls (4 big rolls for $12) - a good healthier option of the late-night options.
This a great place to have a meal in vegas if you are not looking for a high dollar adventure meal and want to stay in the $15-30/person range but still get good food and full tablecloth service with something for everyone. Grand Lux is a small chain with restaurants in places like Miami and Houston, a deluxe version of the Cheesecake Factory with a giant menu including European, American, and International Fare. The smoothies are good. They have lots of sandwiches and pasta and breakfast all day and mexican and practically everything else. This place is giant and actually has two locations in this casino. The location is nice. I think it may be the original for the chain. You will have a more unique experience perhaps if you spend $60/person at a fine dining place on the strip but you cannot do that every night and Grand Luxe is great food for the price (especially for the strip) and everything will be quite good. For a similar price you can visit one of the many trendy diners in the strip casinos but not get the whole tablecloth experience and you will end up with more fried food and less sides and variety. You can also go to a buffet but that will be a bad move, as the food quality will be lower than Grand Luxe, and you will end up too full when Grand Luxe would definitely have offered more than enough food anyway withoutthe temptation to eat 3 plates of low quality food to get your value.
I've been here a handful of times already and this place always reminds me of The Cheesecake Factory with the ambiance as well as the design and dishes. I tried the chicken and waffles here and I must say, its pretty darn good and I would recommend it for everyone who comes here.. . Food Highlight: Chicken and Waffles
A lot of people compare this place to its sister restaurant the Cheesecake Factory, but I must say, the food here is much better than the food at Cheesecake Factory!. . For starters, this place is open 24 hours and on the ground floor of the Venetian...this means that this is the PERFECT place to go to before partying/clubbing and also after your post partying/clubbing activities when you're in a state of drunken stupor.. . Food definitely does taste 10x better when you're drunk! LOL.. . In any case, I came here for a late lunch one time, and I ordered what I expected to be a light snack - Asian Nachos - but as it turns out, the portions were HUGE.. . The Asian Nachos consisted of crispy fried wontons covered with chicken in a sweet-hot peanut sauce that was topped with Wasabi cream and melted cheese...and on top of that, there was fried rice in the middle of the dish. MMM....this dish was pretty yummy!!. . In addition to the nachos, I also had a Spicy Calamari Salad which consisted of crispy calamari, organic greens, carrots, cucumber and green onions tossed with a delicious spicy vinaigrette!! This salad also came in a large portion and could be easily shared between 2 people. I highly recommend this salad as it is quite scrumptious!. . I would definitely come back here again to try the other items on the menu!
This is another one of those restaurants on the strip that you can trust will be open after dancing the night away at one of the nightclubs or bar hopping on the strip.  You can also trust that there will be something on the menu that you're craving for or just something that will hit the spot unless you're craving for something specific like sushi or pho or something of that sort.  All of the times I've eaten here was after 2 am and you can bet that there will be a line forming any time between then and later until 4 or 5 am (on the weekend).   The quality of the food and service is worth mentioning.  The wait staff always are friendly and are very knowledgeable of what's on the menu.  One time a friend asked for no bacon in her salad and when the order came she noticed that there was some in it.  The waiter was apologetic and called his manager over and she offered the meal on the house.  It wasn't necessary to do all that since the restaurant was somewhat packed and were willing to let it go, but they were willing to fix the problem.  Some of the things I recommend are the flautas (appetizer) and the pastas are usually good.  From what I remember the prices are mid range/moderate.
great food, great service ++ corned beef hash is awesome!  as well as their pasta garlic lemon cream sauce w/ jumbo prawns, calamari, chicken flautas, unlimited bread & butter =)
it is a great restaurant. International cuisine, great Salads ans stakes.. exelent Brekfast and buffet every morning till 11:00 am. . it is very safe and fast to eat here. you are not going to get sick.
beautiful atmosphere, very intimate, and very big! Whats so great about this place is the fact that you can get something fancy like a steak dinner, or you can get chicken and waffles! It looks like an expensive place but in reality its not at all. Theres a huge menu full of things for anyones specific taste and the service is very good.
Came here at 5:30 AM post club, post casino.. . Ordered quite a few appetizers... Can't remember all of them!. . Worth mentioning, the Duck Potstickers, really really tasty and surprisingly filling. . . Ordered the taquitos/flautas .... rather bland. Avoid. . This wasn't my first time here, on a prior visit I tried the Chicken Piccatta that was a great dish. . . The menu is extensive, something for everyone, Cheesecake Factory affiliated, you can tell by the decor but I think the menu is way more expansive and the chef does a much better job here!. . Check this place out especially if you are looking for tasty food late night!!
Great place to eat at when hungry late late at night in Vegas. Their appetizer sampler is amazing but not available after a certain time. My friend ordered the lettuce wraps, another ordered potato poppers, and I being super asian and wanting comfort food ordered a noodle soup. . . slurped it all up though. bonus star is for our sensitive waiter who, without our asking, made sure my friend got some hot water and honey since her throat wasn't feeling too well.
Ate breakfast here twice and was very happy both times. Highlights were the eggs benedict, breakfast sandwhich and french toast. If you are a Grazie (venetian/Palazzo rewards) member your can skip the line (altough it moves pretty fast).
This is the place you go to when you're either a) wasted, and hungry after nightlife debauchery at TAO or b) hungover the next morning and don't feel like leaving your hotel to get food.. . Everything is good for the most part. The menu here might be a tad bit different from LA's location but the selection is huge and I've never been disappointed. The carnitas rocked my heels off and their burgers aren't bad either. For healthier options, all the salads are safe bets.. . Never a wait since this place is huge!
One of my favorite late night food place.  At the north end of the strip so its perfect after going out to aclub as its open 24 hours a day!  The double stuffed mashed potato spring rolls are my go to dish and I don't think I could ever get enough!  It also soaks up the alcohol so less of a hangover the next day, and lets face it in vegas the sooner the hangover is relieved the sooner the next party begins!  (or you could just drink through the hangover...but that's usually for vacation, and its tough being a local!). . One star deducted cause the wait staff isn't quite the friendliest, but then again i guess i probably wouldn't be all smiles if i was dealing with drunken vacationers all night long.  Despite that it is still always worth a trip after a night at TAO nightclub!
Excellent for breakfasts, which is all I've had here. Tough to go wrong. If you order the short stack of pancakes, it's pretty large. They do a nice lox and bagel platter, too. Recommended, but it's somewhat pricey, but a good value. Warning: if you're meeting people, they refuse to take a list to help others in your eventual party find you. Beware you may have to sit outside the cafe and wait for them. Their management is nuts in this regard.
Had the Express Breakfast since I was tight on time. Good, buffet-style breakfast with some selections. Three kinds of breakfast meats, scrambled eggs, waffles, fruit, pastries, and an omelet station. The surprise were the waffles. Very fresh, crisp, and not dried out from being in a chafing dish. Perfect with a little maple syrup.
The hubs was hankering for a burger, I wasn't hungry.  It was early, 5? We came here, and we were seated ASAP.  The restaurant is huge and it was pretty empty.  Our service was great, he liked the burger.  Everyone was happy.
The wait staff was nice.  They ran out of food because they hadn't been expecting such a busy day after a holiday.  But what they did have was delicious and came in huge portions for a great price for the Vegas strip.
Really good food! Service was good. Non-smoking inside. Desserts sounded tasty but was too full after meal and caramel macchiato which was spectabulous. Recommend!
went for breakfast when i was staying at the venetian.  it was pretty crowded, but we got seated pretty fast.  service was a little on the slow side though, but ill give them the benefit of the doubt since it was busy while we were there.  prices are a little high, but it is vegas so they are average vegas for a sit down restaurant.  i had the chilaquiles, and they are by far the best chilaquiles i have ever had.  chips were very well seasoned, tons of avocado (probably like 2 whole avocados), really well seasoned scrambled eggs mixed in with the chips and strips of tortilla chips, a really good roasted corn salsa, fresh tomatoes, and cheese.  when i first got it, i was a little disappointed because the portion looked small, but it was very deceiving because there was a lot of food in the bowl lol.  tasted great, and was almost so much that i almost didn't finish it all.  my friends got various different pancake/egg type dishes, and they said they were excellent.  they didn't finish their stuff as the portions for those were huge also.  but i would recommend stopping by the place if you are looking for somewhere for a little nicer sit down breakfast/brunch
Excellent food. Prices were very fair. This is better than Cheesecake Factory although with the same theme.. . Loved the Mahi Mahi. The menu is pretty big - lots of different items.. . Noisy and too many tables.
This place is a win.. it has everything you could want and more. Also, i think it tastes way better than cheesecake factory even though they are sister companies. . . Well done Grand Lux, Well done.
Every time I'm in Vegas, I wanna hit this place up for a late night snack. The food aint bad, portions are huge, prices are not bad for Vegas, big, can accommodate large parties. I think it's the same owners of cheesecake factory...but I like this place!. . Lots of food choices, they even have good breakfast!
Nice ambiance, and open 24 hours. The portions are huge and its usually easy to get a table for lunch and dinner. Since it's one of the few places that serves breakfast, you have to get there early to avoid a wait in the mornings. The food is good, though nothing to write home about. Perfect place to go when it's late and you need food before going to bed.
Let's be honest. You don't go to Vegas and look forward to eating at the Grand Lux. I eat at Grand Lux because it's 5 AM, I'm blacked out, but I'm too fat to head up to my room on an empty stomach (the Lord knows I skipped dinner at normal human hours because eating is cheating).. . It's basically like a Cheesecake Factory. All of their food is above average. Their fried chicken is actually pretty bomb. I definitely got a greasy boner over that dish.
So this place is very elegent and very nice to check out the view and to have a meal in. This place really went all out, and why not, it is in the Bellagio, so expect nothing but the best.. . Enjoyed a very late dinner past midnight, and since i needed my fix of a steak we hit this place. I tried their Sushi Roll and Steak w/ mash potatoes and everything was deliscious.. . Since it is in Vegas, just expect to be seated with some very loud people and if you do not think they are, maybe you are the one that is loud. Hey it is Vegas right.. . Staff is polite and treat you right, place was some what packed, no waiting of course since it is a very large restaurant.. . So if you need a good meal or dessert or just want to relax and sit down and chat try this place.. . Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
Great place to enjoy a casual meal in Las Vegas. It's part of the cheese cake factory chain. I only wish they had the tropical ice tea like the cheese cake factory.
This place is great for late night... basically any hour of the day and night since they're open 24 hours. It's not very fancy, very cozy or very "Vegas" but we've somehow ended up there quite a bit.. It's comfort food and I like the food that's pretty much the same as the Cheesecake Factory :). But beware that the portions are huge so we always share when going there!!!!
This place is open 24 hours and I was excited about that when we were looking for some late night nosh! . . With that being said I was really impressed by this place. Located just next to the beautiful Venetian casino you will see the Grand Lux. You'll recognize the decor as a sister restaurant of the Cheesecake Factory. Probably because it is owned by the same people! Great food, HUGE menu. We went late at night so it was quiet but I never saw it completely packed probably because of the location. You'll enjoy anything you get from here! . . Large portions. Go hungry!
This place is just like Cheesecake Factory. Actually...it is owned by the same company! I like Cheesecake Factory so I liked this place. It's very very similar. The menu is a lil bit different and the price is about the same. The interior and decor is about the same also.. . Great place to dine if you have no where else to go. But this wouldn't be my first choice since there are other places that are better and is unique to only Vegas.
Basically like a cheesecake factory, but open 24 hours..... . Located in the Venetian, this is the sister restaurant to cheesecake factory so expect it to look the same- huge venue with a lot of the same variety and eats on their menu.  Just minus the big ass cheesecake menu, though they still have some on the menu.   I think this is a good place to hit up when you have a big party (came here for a bachelorette weekend) and you just want something casual.  I'm a cheesecake factory fan so I liked this place too.. . *Chicken lettuce wraps- It's no PF Changs lettuce wraps but it's still ok.  Huge portion too, I ended up sharing it with others.. . *Margarita pizza- can't go wrong with this and it was good here.. . *Sunday Night Pasta- meat sauce w/ chunks of beef short rib, mushrooms, onions, garlic and parmesan cheese.  This was sooooo good!  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  Wish they had it at the cheesecake factory in SD.
The service was a bit slow, hence the four stars.  However, the place is very impressive.  My friends and I walked a long way with one too many drinks in our system and needed food ASAP.  Luckily someone pointed us to this place and it was a delight.  I had the Veggie burger here and it was delish.  Other items ordered were the philly cheese steak bacon burger, which my friend gobbled down w/o the veggie trimmings of course), and a chicken parmsean.  I dont eat meat, but I've never seen a chicken breast that massive ever before.  It was huge!  My friend loved it but it could've easily been shared between 5 people.
Go there quite often when playing poker at Venetian. The food is really good, there is a nice atmosphere, staff is nice, they have a huge selection and everyone seems to always enjoy their dishes. I wish they had more choices for vegans and one vegan dessert but there are a few menu options that can be tweaked for vegans, so it works . Bonus for late nighters... this location is open 24 hours :)
Delicious, perfect sized portions and prepared to a very high standard. We were seated in the outside section which was perfect as we could sit and people watch (some real weirdos walking through the Venetian that night). The waiter was polite and friendly. Seemed to take along time to get any drinks. Brought to the table and the fact the drinks aren't priced in the menu is abit worrying. We had a starter to share, 2 main courses and 2 coronas and 2 cocktails. $89 . Quite reasonable considering Vegas and the quality of the food. Would I go back.... Yes. Only getting 4 stars due to the wait time for the drinks
Probably one of the best burgers I've had in the last year or so.  Totally unexpected as I was just coming from the tables wanting a little late night snack.  We got a seat right at one of the bar tables.  The place was great, clean, and had the feeling of a high quality brasserie, similar to Absinthe in San Francisco.  . . I got the burger with Avocado and roasted peppers...mayo on the side and no cheese.  I tell you, without the cheese you could really taste the quality of the beef and the spiciness of the peppers...and then the coolness and texture of the avocado.  The fries were good too, very good in fact, but I was interested in the burger.  It was a well made burger and a very happy surprise.  Prices were reasonable too, and the service was great!  Highly recommend!
Love this place!. I'm always going back, this is one of my favorite restaurants in town!. The only reason why it's getting four out of five stars is because we've had a bad experience once which THREE dishes that had to be put back in the kitchen just because they could not get our order right. But other than that any other time it's been good: the food, the service and variety.
The Grand Lux Restaurant - Venetian Resort . . http://www.venetian.com/Las-Vegas-Restaurants/Casual-Dining/Grand-Lux-Cafe/. . This place is the best!  We've been told it's the sister company of The Cheesecake Factory, but we think it's better.  The portions are humungous and the prices are cheap.  THIS IS A BAD PLACE FOR A DIET!  We were in Las Vegas over Thanksgiving and ate here the on Thanksgiving Eve.  Like The Cheesecake Factory, they have a large variety of items on the menu and they are all good.  The chicken parmesan comes on a platter large enough to feed 3 or 4 people!  In short the appetizers are huge, the salads are huge and the entree's are HUGE!  For us and more importantly is that the food is very tasty.  We love this place and I would rate it a 5 just on value.  However, the downside is that wait times can be long and the smell of cigarette smoke flows in from the casino floor just outside quite heavily at times.  Tip:  Ask for a table well inside the restaurant.
I had the yummy ahi tuna burger medium rare with fries and my wife had the superb cobb salad that was enough for two people. Our service was superior with Allison not hovering over us but occasionally checking in with us about water, brought us the fresh baked bread. Although a little noisy I could hear my wife and not the people sitting next to us the lighting is soft so you can read the menu. Once we finished our dinner our table was cleaned and we casually consumed our drinks. What a delight not to be pressured for dessert or coffee. Love the service.
Chicken fettuccine alfredo was delish, tasted very authentic! The service was fast & friendly, we had a large party (10+) and they had no problem accomodating us. No one at my table had any complaints so I guess that's a good thing. I think it was a good all ages / family restaurant...we didn't have kids with us but I saw some in there for those who are curious. I would recommend this place for quality food late at night.
Great food, great service in what is a chaotic environment. Attentive and helpful with children
Great food and always Open even after those long Vegas Nights of having fun!
Yum. Really good late night drunk food. Please keep in mind that this review may be slightly skewed to accustom for inebriated tastes.. . Complimentary warm bread served warm butter. Yum. We ordered the Caesar salad, which, for some reason, was probably the best thing we had. Also tried the fettucini alfredo and pasta pomodoro, both of which were really good as well. Big portions. If you're at Tao or XS and want tasty late-night food after, Grand Lux is a good option!
Can I just say never would I have imagined I would fall in love with a "MUSHROOM BURGER" and I'm not talking about a portabello slapped between 2 pieces of bread.. . If you've seen ground turkey or veggie patty, that's how this burger was made.  And whatever was used to keep it altogether, was awesome!  My friend had the pasta dish but it was a bit dry.  Perhaps eating at 330am would be one of the reasons for dry pasa?  I don't know...but I would stick with the burgers at those times.. . I even had breakfast and was happy to see that their food was consistently good overall and went back to have another burger the next day.. . At a casino cafe, don't expect great service nor fast.  However, the staff at this location was efficient, quick, and tried to get to all customers as quick as possible.. . This location has a better setup than the Palazzo so if you were like me and stayed at the Palazzo, perhaps stay at the Venetian (shorter walk) and open 24/7.  . . I ate at the Palazzo location and the mushroom burger is the same at both but as for the rest of the food, you'll have to be the judge.. . I plan to try the LA location of this establishment.  Hopefully the food is up to par like in Vegas.
Most people know that the one chain restaurant  I am typical fan of is the Cheesecake Factory. Little did we know that this restaurant (and it's sister at the Palazzo, is in the same family as CF). We ended up here several time during our stay due to various reasons.. Our first night here, we ended up having dinner due to the lateness of our check-in and simply being starving. We had a great waiter, and though the restaurant may be a sister to the CF, the menu is mostly different. The bread here is delicious and very crusty and basically a vehicle for butter. Great crust-and great butter. I ordred the four cheese pizza and added mushrooms and asked for the pizza to be cooked "well done".The husband ordered the chicken pot pie. When our meals arrived, the pot pie was in a GIANT bowl, covered with crust and my pizza was served Roman style (oblong not round) and was more chewy then I like. A few bites in, Kevin and I switched dishes. He loved the pizza as it was very flavorful, but texturally more to his liking. The pot pie had one of the most delicious crusts I have ever had, but the innards were kind of bland and boring. I had a crust and chicken dinner. We were too full for dessert.. . The second time we came here was for dessert after the Jersey Boys where we learned that the dessert menu differs from the same restaurant in the Palazzo and our group was disappointed because we dined at the Grand Lux for dinner(at the P)and had our hearts set on certain desserts that weren't offered here. We did manage to order the strawberry shortcake (yummy) the key lime pie (good but afterwards a bit too tongue tart and the banana pudding with home made vanilla wafers. The wafers were the best part of this dessert, but the pudding itself was cloyingly sweet and our waitress wasn't too excited for our table of 6 only ordering dessert and water.. . Our third and last time at this location was for lunch with 2 of my girlfriends from high school who flew in on my birthday day. They were starving and chose to come here since they were also staying at the Venetian. We came down a bit after they had been there and had already ordered.  I had the miso salmon (a staple order for me at the regular CF) and it was much better here than what I have had at any CF with more vegetables, no butter sauce and a little kick. Kevin had the lunch  size pepperoni pizza and salad and the pizza was actually small enough to fit on the same plate as the salad. I had a bit, it was too greasy for me, but that is because of the pepperoni. My friends' had a Cuban and a Carnitas sandwich both served with fries and they both loved what they ordered. . . Of course the meal was served with the good vehicle for butter and yes, I had my fill.. . This place is open 24 hours, with a late night menu, a breakfast menu a lunch time menu and the regular menu. If this was a place close to me, I would be a regular and not have shame since it was good.
Just reviewed the Cheesecake Factory so it seemed only natural to also review the Grand Lux Cafe' while I'm at it tonight. Went to the one in Houston several times and fell in love with it (except the high-ceilinged bus station design and corresponding noise level), so was glad to find they opened one in the Venetian...and then opened one in Palazzo next door soon after. Kind of weird to have the only two GLC's in Vegas so close to one another, but they don't seem to suffer for customers, so that's a good sign. I'm reviewing the Venetian one because we've been there more, but both locations are equally good.. . I agree with the majority of the reviewers here- the menu is huge and caters to every taste (even vegetarians - and vegans - three items, I think), the portions are large and the specialty drinks are quite good. My favorite items are the chicken piccata, wiener schnitzel and Thai chicken pizza...even when here for brunch, actually. A couple of items are similar to the Cheesecake Factory (southwestern salad, Asian chicken salad, jambalaya, chicken parmesan) but are presented in a more upscale manner and larger portion size. What is definitely different from the Cheesecake Factory is the dessert tray- the beignets, peach cobbler, bread pudding, various decadent chocolate delights and fruit tarts are definitely tempting, but five types of cheesecake are also served here for "traditionalists...". . As a Vegas local, I'm always on alert on the Strip for the all-too-common management vibe that says "We cater to tourists- and can cut corners because we know most won't be back no matter how good the service is." We come back here so often (both locations, but primarily the Venetian) because never has waitstaff ever seemed like they were anything but glad to serve. Sometimes there can be a backlog of orders and/or customers and things get delayed, but our server has always come over to apologize, give updates and the occasional extra bread basket, etc. . . Four stars rather than five because the prices for some items are indeed higher than other comparable restaurants on and off the Strip, and the wait can sometimes be 30-40 minutes...sometimes at times you'd expect (weekend evenings and Fridays) and other times you might not (a Tuesday evening in December, a Monday morning in July...) But if the wait at this location is too long any given day, it's a 10-minute walk to the other one in the Palazzo where the wait might be shorter...and vice versa.
Came here after a long day and night of dancing on couches and five inch heels. The Venetian is so pretty and inside is this gem. If you haven't heard , Grand Lux is a chain with Cheesecake factory. I love cheesecake factory, so I already knew that it was going to be bomby food. So I came here when it was really late which means that I couldn't order anything. There is a special menu area for late night guests and i guess special seating? I ordered the pasta with sun dried tomatoes basil and chicken. Freaking delicious, yes. Weird down side to this place, was that the floors were extremely slippery, I had to ice skate myself around. And the way they seated us was so weird because we were sitting so close to the people next to us, that we can hear each other's awkward conversations.  BUt I guess that is something you only see in Vegas. Come here!!!!!
Wow finally we got to try some good food in Vegas...and it was like our 2nd day here...after the so-so pastrami at Canter Deli in Treasure Island, the okay Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood and the awful buffet of Luxor.....we finally tried something at 1am in the morning on Thursday - a really good burger and sandwich.. . So after watching the show Recycled Percussion - which would be my next review.....we hit the casino for a while...and decided to walk to Venetian to try the 24hour Grand Luxe Cafe we heard so much about. And you know what? The garlic- bleu cheese burger and fries were amazing.....even my slow braised short rib grilled cheese sandwich hit the spot. . . I have overloaded on bad white carbs yesterday andtoday but this was one of the times it was more worth it...and I'll do it again! =) service was wonderful and woohoo for 24hr restaurants that are GOOD!  It's far from our hotel but well the walk was worth it =D definitely recommend this place for some late night munchies and dining. =D I just wish had a bigger appetite to try their other dishes...which I heard everything on their menu is pretty good. The bill came out to be around $30 bucks for two and definitely much more satisfying than the places we have tried so far.
I had no idea this place had ties with Cheesecake Factory. Our group came here two nights in a row simply because it was convenient, reasonably priced, and open 24 hours. Had their chicken and waffles during the first visit. The chicken was perfectly crisp and juicy; the perfect compliment to the light and fluffy waffle. I wish I had been able to finish it. For night number 2, I had developed a strange craving for soup. Had a generous bowl of the vegetable and loved it from the first bite to the last. Probably some of the best veggie soup I've had...ever. Might have been the alcohol talking, but I stand by my judgement. Will be in Vegas a few more times soon, so I'm keeping this place in mind if I need a late night fix.
Good food good coffee.
One of the best veggie bugers ive ever had!  YUMMMM and the fries are good too!! thank god its 24 hr!
For those who don't know, this place is owned by the same people that own Cheesecake Factory (the decoration looks almost identical). Huge servings with great food. Their breakfast buffet looked quite fresh with your usual items to choose from.
Our waiter was so so friendly, Thai sticky chicken wings were meaty and gooey as they should be. And the duck pot stickers, mmmmmm!. I highly recommend the burger with pastrami.. after a night in Vegas, this this is so amazing.. all your dream s come true..dreams you didn't know you had! Salads are fantastic!. I loved this location inside the hotel/casino and was surprised how much more I loved it compared to the other  one I have been going to all these years in the building. This one is a little out of view so it isn't crazy busy, which equals no insanely unreasonably long wait for seating, waiter, and food. YAY Good find!
The better sister between the two of Grand Lux and Cheesecake factory. Sad to say this about a chain, but this is one of my favorite restaurants. Another major plus about Grand Lux is that they're open 24 hours. Probably the best classy food you can get at 3 in the morning. Nice ambiance and pretty decent service overall. The best way to describe the food is traditional with a modern twist. Asian nachos- love the combination of crispy won tons and all the awesometoppings that come with it like chicken and wasabi cream. I tried the banana pudding and it was amazing as well. The banana pudding wasn't too sweet and it also came with chocolat dipped bananas sprinkled with peanuts. The vanilla wafers that came with it tasted home made, which I loved! I heard the caramel chicken is tasty. I will have to order that next time I'm there. The Beignets is probably my favorite dessert but they do not offer it at this location and only at the Palazzo one.
Grand Lux Cafe isn't your typical cafe with the typical diner type items. It's actually a classier looking restaurant that has a huge resemblance to Cheesecake Factory. And after speaking to our waitress, we found out they had the same owner. The food is similar too but in my opinion, the quality is much much better here at the Grand Luxe. . . For appetizers, the BF and I shared crabcakes which were sooo sooooooo goood! Loved the dipping sauce that came with it and the crabcake itself had perfect texture and flavor. Couldn't remember the cocktails we had but we loved them too - got us a pretty nice buzz going even before our main course.. . For our main dish, I ordered the Miso Glazed Salmon and the BF had the Pasta with Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomato and Mushrooms tossed lightly in a garlic, creamy, parmesan cheese sauce. Both were superb in taste! . . Best part about this place? It opens 24 hours! Woooohoooo! Definitely a big plus when we stay at the Venetian! Helps with my usual late night munchies =)
Went here after finding out that the palazzo one was closed for the night. The burger is HUGE!!! Pretty yummy too after a night of dancing!
Cheesecake factory-like restaurant.  I wouldn't say they have the best food, but it's good for what you pay for.  I would really give this more of a 3.5 star.  . . First time I was here, I wanted some comfort food that reminded me of home since we didn't check into the hotel till 2am!  I ordered their Zen Chicken Noodle Soup ( americanized version of pho).  Let me say, not good! The dish was presented nicely, with the soup coming out separately in a saucer, but I was very disappointed with the taste of it.  The chicken were all sliced chicken breast.  Ugh, I should've known better not the order noodle soup here.  I mean, some of their other Asian dishes are good, so I wanted to give it a try.  Nope, wrong! . . However, the server recommended the crispy shrimp and chicken rolls, which tasted excellent!  It was hot and crispy, and had a side of a tangy sauce.  . . Recently came here again and we ordered he rolls again, along with an order of their oversized burger and 2 pastas.  Dinner was delish and cheap! Left as a happy camper and would most likely come back again if I was staying at the hotel.
One of my first trips to Vegas, I somehow ended up here with friends and really enjoyed the Crispy Caramel Chicken. It comes in a large serving size, enough to easily fill up two people. Later that trip, I ended up back at the Grand Lux Cafe and again, endulged on the same Crispy Caramel Chicken. My most recent trip to Vegas (3 years later), I once again couldn't pass it up. As I expected the memory of the dish exceeded it's actual quality, but it was still pretty tasty and reasonably priced. This restaurant does a great job of accommodating large groups, the food comes out fast and is easy on the wallet.
Cheesecake Factory owned and operated (i believe). I usually end up here once or twice a trip after drinking as it is one of the only places open late at night. But for some reason it always hits the spot, maybe it's the big portions, but yea. Food is decent not gourmet, it's cafe food think of any other cafe in another vegas hotel it's the same type of food, but this IMO is better than most other cafes.
I could have eaten breakfast every day at the Grand Lux!  Breakfast is served until 11am, so make sure you get there before that.  They area bit flexible (which is good when you are up until 5am) so we tend to roll in at 10:45 or so.  . . I highly, highly recommend their Brioche French Toast, I think I almost passed out at the table from ecstasy.  I get the French toast with sauteed bananas and pecans, however I suggest the caramel sauce on the side because it is SUPER sweet.  It is a huge portion and could be split easily with another person.  . . Their breakfast menu is pretty reasonable being anywhere from $9-$12 for a sit down breakfast and their buffet being $16.50.  . . Drop in here for a good morning after full belly, you wont regret it.  It is located in the Venetian right near the Phantom Theater.
We weren't sure where we wanted to have breakfast, but my husband stated he just wanted to have a good ol' standard breakfast. Nothing frou-frou. We settled on the Grand Lux, thinking it would be adequate and standard fare. It was... but BETTER! The food was very good, the wait staff was attentive and we thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The wait was not as long as the line indicated it would be either. We're glad we stopped by for our "standard breakfast."
Went to both the Venetian and the Palazzo location. This one is the only one open 24 hours, with a 24 hour bakery where you can get great desserts and the regular menu items to go. Don't go to the front desk for to-go orders!. . This place reminds me of Cheesecake Factory, which is nice feeling kinda nice going to get food after a drunk night at 3 in the morning. They seated us pretty promptly the first night we were in Vegas around 3, got us drinks, and our orders were taken right after. Props on the service, especially the water guy, I never had a glass half empty, good for good mornings after. . . Got the deluxe burger, Just a normal burger with lettuce onions tomatoes and chipotle mayo with fries. It did take a while to get all our orders out, bread could only last us so much, haha. But the burger was bomb, and the fries, and my friends really enjoyed their food. they do have so very decently large portions, pretty sharable, so head up if you're not starving. Prices are cheesecake factory prices, so don't expect to get like 3.99 steak and eggs. For my burger and fries it came out to about 12 dollars with tax and gratuity. . . To go is really worth it since you get the same thing without paying gratuity. a little longer wait, but still the same quality food. Got the deluxe burger again, and they give you more fries to-go. I'm down!. . Definitely hit this place up f you're near the Venetian and need a late night meal. Hella good!
One of my favorite places to eat at the Venetian in Vegas! . . Because I'm super bored, I shall recite a little poem for you:. . The ambiance is sublime, . and your food is simply divine.. . The service can be a little slow, (-1 star). you'll probably be so hungover you won't even know,. or notice because the breakfast buffet,. is probably cheaper than Mandalay Bay's.. . Pastries, bacon, omelettes made before your eyes,. "Is this heaven?!" you start to cry.. "No!", I must disagree,. "You haven't even tried the fried buffalorolls with cheese.". . The restaurant is open 24/7,. am or pm, come at 11!. Or go to the side that's enclosed,. and order your scrumptious food to go!
late night nom noms, you are my savior. . PROS:. open late! pretty wide selection. . CONS:. took a while to get our food (granted it was a table of 8), but could've been cause i was starving.... . WHAT I ATE:. . - Asian Nachos: wonton chips with chicken, fried rice, drizzled with peanut sauce...and something else too.  but this was pretty delich. there was a little too much peanut sauce, but the portion was a pretty good size (shared it with a friend), and it was different. . - Brocolii & Cheddar Soup: i had to get this, cause i hardly find this at home (hawaii), and it hit the spot for me that night. not too cheezy.  i like mines with chuncks of brocolii (which it lacked), but it was still really good. . - Pizzas (i didn't eat this but my friends did): good size...you'll be full or definetly good to share.. . WHY HERE FOR YOUR VACA?:. i wouldn't suggest it as "OMG you have to go here", but if you want that late night snack after tao, this place will be open, and you probably won't have to wait for a table.
Quick spot to get lunch during the Conf Cobb salad with Margarita
Feels like the Cheesecake factory back home! Good selection of by the glass wines and food.  Great service and value.. . Avoid the breakfast buffet.
love the slow roast pork burger yummmy~!
please be aware that there are 2 grand lux cafes. one located at the venetian side and one located at the palazzo side. this is an excellent choice for breakfast (assorted pastries with drink).. FOR FREE! yes that's right i said FREE. i received enough free breakfast coupons at check in from the front desk for all 4 of us in my group to eat here every morning we stayed at the venetian for 5 days. this one is locatred on the first floor right by the phantom of opera theatre. we came here twice for breakfast (wasted the other coupons, sigh) and had the continental breakfast (valued at $8 per person on our bill but was $0 for us). it came with a drink selection and a small fruit dish with 3 assorted pastries that changed based on the day you came. the coupon also gave me an option of eating the buffet breakfast which would have been $10 a person with the coupon. the lines are never longer than a 10-15min wait although it may look like a super long wait, but that's also because i was here off season in december before the holidays. i think they have a line separate for grazie members although i didnt discover that til after eating there. (free to join). we just left tip based on the value of the breakfast. cheapest/best way to eat breakfast in vegas!
Maybe I was hungry but I liked the food we had here.  When we got there they were going to seat us inside the main dining hall but I asked if we could sit in their patio area and they cleared out a table and sat us there.  It was Saturday night and the people watching (primarily girls in tight, tight, saran wrap dresses pulling down their dress every 5th step) was fun. We shared a mixed deep fried calamari, shrimp, onion plate which was quite large and very good.  I had a chicken sandwich with avocado, bacon, and cheese which was one of the better chicken sandwiches I've had.  Plus the fries were crisp, salty enough and just plain great.  The waitress was pleasant and took a dish off our bill when we realized we had over-ordered.  Very nice of her.  I just thought this place was really good and would go back for a simple bite any day.
Last time we were in Vegas, we had Grand Luxe three times because we stayed in the Venetian so it was convenient. This time, we were at Vdara, but we just had to go there for our late night munchies. Totally worth cabbing there for food.. . I love love love their Pasta With Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella. (Their pastas are bomb!) The portion was HUGE. Although I was super hungry, I only ate about half of the dish. Good thing though because I woke up hungry still craving Grand Luxe and there was a good amount of pasta left! The sauce was flavorful and evenly distributed throughout the dish. Their chicken was A+. Chicken is my favorite kind of meat, so I am a bit picky about chicken in dishes, but the chicken here is DELICIOUS! It's not dry at all, and they give you a generous amount.. . The boys all ordered burgers, and when their orders came out, I wish I ordered my pasta and a burger. Alas, although it sounded okay in my head, it's probably not socially acceptable to order two entrees, huh? . . They are pretty busy at all hours, so you might have to wait fortheir servers a bit. We waited a pretty long time before someone came to take our orders. That was no bueno! But what can you do when this restaurant has a full house and a line at 1am?
This place is a pretty great restaurant, especially in comparison to many of the other places located within the Venetian. Don't waste your money on any of the restaurants located with the faux Venetian scene because the food is less than mediocre. This place is a pleasant surprise and is open 24/7.. . Try the pizza and pasta! If you are looking for a decent sit down restaurant in the hotel, this is a good bet.
When I first came here I was like "this place looks like the Cheesecake Factory, but the food is better." Well, turns out it is owned by the Cheesecake Factory or something. But it is definitely better than the CF in many respects. . . First off, it is open 24 hours. So basically if you are wondering Vegas at 4 am you can go here and eat whatever you are crazing.. . Second, they have some bomb appetizers like Flautas and this crispy shrimp thing.. . Third, their Mojitos are awesome. . . Fourth, It is reasonably priced for the portions you get. You could easily split their entrees. . . Definitely a spot I try to hit up when I stay around the Venetian/Palazzo. I also believe there is one in the Venetian and one in the Palazzo.
Great breakfast. I had the chicken and waffles, they were very good. Daughter had the red velvet pancakes, the child portion was big enough for an adult and it was delicious. Service was great, we were in and out in no time. Awesome menu, very hard to choose, I guess I'll have to go back.. . Every casino has their own little 24hr cafe type place, many of them seem very generic, this one is probably the best casino restaurant I've been to. You could put this place in just about any town as a stand alone restaurant and it would be a local favorite.
No matter if its 4pm or 4am, when I'm hosting guests on the strip and there is an impasse regarding where to eat, Grand Lux is the go-to choice.  For those of you who do not know, Grand Lux is the slightly more upscale sister restaurent of Cheesecake Factory, and you can expect to find a lot of similarities between the two chains.  . . You can sometimes hit a wait, but this place is MASSIVE and seating normally happens quickly, if not immediately.  The service here is always great, and despite how busy this place may look, the food always comes out quickly.. . The menu here is HUGE, and the worst part of the meal is generally trying to decide what you want to order.  The asian nachos are hands down my favorite thing on the menu, with the chicken and waffles a close second.  Those two choices alone should give you a sense of how diverse the menu is, with something for everyone's tastes.  . . One word of caution though, the portions here, like the menu, are HUGE, so be careful not to over order...you might want to dig well into your appetizer before thinking about ordering an entree.
I love this place. It's owned by the same people as the Cheesecake Factory. I always go when I need a coffee pick me up and get the caramel macchiato. I also like to go for happy hour and get the sangria blanco. It's absolutely delightful and refreshing.. . Grand Lux is also the perfect place to go after a long night of gambling or clubbing. It's open 24 hours and the portions are huge! Great for groups so you can share and everything is very affordable.
Not bad at all! . Portions were big, food tasty, prices were really reasonable, server was REALLY NICE (not the intrusive,fake, yapping too much type nice either) and he was easy on the eyes.. . cons:. they really need to clean their floors
Came for their Fried Chicken and Waffles. I had no idea this place was owned by cheesecake factory. Once the waitress told me I realized that the place did look an awful lot like the same restaurant, but a bit more upscale. Good thing I happen to like cheesecake factory.. . The waffle was really really good. It was soft and fluffy and the honey butter sauce just made it perfect. The same thing can't be said about the chicken strips. They were crispy, but they were a little dry on the inside and they were bland. If not for more honey butter I might not have enjoyed my dish as much. Honey butter and chicken are just meant for each other. The portions were huge too. I barely finished half.. . Would I come back? Maybe. I think I like cheesecake factory better.
One of the more affordable meals at a very upscale casino (Venetian).... food is what  you would expect from the Cheesecake Factory family. Been here several times, my favorite dish is the Short Rib Grilled Cheese. Good service and good food. Huge menu!! (Can be good or bad lol). When you are hungry, everything sounds good, and there is a lot to choose from! Hard to make a decision.
Ate at the bar, very good service, Mai Tai's were excellent.  Lettuce wraps, salads, lasagna were all very good.
Great "little" spot inside the Venetian. All references to "Cheesecake Factory" are correct...great selection and variety of food.  Came in for some steaks after my friends got lucky at the blackjack table.  Our food was cooked to perfection and the size of the portions were just right. If it weren't for their damn good bread served at the beginning, we could've finished everything!  We also ordered the fried calamari, which actually includes fried onions, zucchini, and shrimp...if you go, this is a mandatory side dish, it's THAT good!. . Service was phenomenal! I believe our server's name was Amanda (hope I got that right) and she was the best!. . The only knocks on this place is that the AC was blowing a little too hard and cold at our table. So, as much as we were enjoying our food, my friends couldn't wait to get back out into the Vegas heat because it was that cold in the restaurant.  Also, the marble floors all around the dining area made for iffy footing for my friends wearing high heels.. . Other than that, we enjoyed the Grand Lux Cafe and will be back whenever we come back to Vegas.
You know a place is fabulous when:. . Your traditional I-don't-prefer-any-non-Asian-food (nor like any-cheese for that matter) father sits down to lunch, orders the Caesar's Chicken SALAD (which arrives complete w/ a generous sprinkling of parmesan cheese), and proceeds to rave about how it's THE best salad he's ever had.  Over and over again.  In between bites.. . Oh and my salmon dish was pretty good too.
An amazing find inside the Venetian not only because of the quality and the variety of the food but also because of the prices. Through my previous stays in Venetian I always tried to eat outside of the hotel due to every other restaurant being $$$ but then discovered this cafe. The food is delicious, cafe is located right below the elevators and priced at about half to a third of the cost of room service! . . As an added bonus they are open late & have takeout service.
One of the most moderately priced places on the Strip for this quality of food. . . Tucked in the Venetian, this place has a good atmosphere, many tables, and is open 24 hrs a day, Vegas style. I got a seafood linguine and my date got the salmon which came with tons of mashed potatoes and green beans, though you could substitute those for other sides. Both dishes were very good and well portioned. . . The price was 15-20 for most things I would say which is pretty good for a pretty classy place on the strip. Good for you budget Yelpers looking for quality eats and atmosphere!. . Service was nothing special, though the food came pretty slowly.
Been here twice. Perks are: beautiful people [employees and guests], open 24/7, fresh yummyfood.. . I always know I would be satisfied when I come here, and the price isn't bad for the out of control portions they serve. . . I've yet to have dessert here but next time I'm in Vegas I'll make it a point to. :] . I recommend this place for any party animal who's hungry and can't find a place open and is near the Venetian! . . Enjoy!
What an amazing find this place was! Went last week when we were on vacation.  We weren't really wanting a big dinner and so we'd passed all the trendy/pricey upscale places.  They're fine when you're wanting a nice dinner out but we just wanted something simple.. . We walked past this place and decided to give it a try. I'm so happy we did!. . There were several people in line to get a table and I was worried that we'd have to wait a long time for a table, but it's deceptively large and so it only took like 5 minutes for them to seat us.  We were seated at a table for 2 that one side is a long bench and the other side chairs.  So there were people next to us, but enough room for me to get in/out.  Even though we were close to the people next to us we didn't find it hard to hear each other and we couldn't hear anyones conversations except the ladies right next to us. That is such a plus in my mind.. . The menu has lots of choices - pasta, salads, sandwiches, chicken dishes, steaks, etc.  this is a perfect place in vegas when you're with several people and not everyone wants just sushi or italian.  . . They bring out nice warm bread (and butter) after seating you.. . My husband and I both opted for hamburgers. He got the Max burger (with short ribs on the burger, hello!) and I got the bacon cheese burger. They easily substituted cheddar for me instead of american.  Burgers were about $12-13 each and came with fries or organic green salad.. . This was the largest regular size restaurant burger I've ever had and also the best I've had. It truly looked as if when I ordered it, the guy in the kitchen pulled out some ground beef and made my patty by hand.  I couldn't even quite finish 1/2 of it.  And I can eat an entire red robin burger.  Seriously, it was just delicious. . . Service was wonderful. The waitress seemed to notice every time we needed a refill on drinks and was quick to check on how things were going and bring extra condiments we wanted.  . . This is a must eat place for me on any future trips to Vegas.  Next time though, we'll be splitting the burger, haha!
I wish I could give Grand Lux 4.5 stars! . I love coming to Grand Lux because they have a large eclectic menu and the Venetian location is open 24 hours! . Asian nachos are ammaazziinngggllyy gooodddd!! . So is the Maui ribeye! And their sticky toffee bread pudding!! . The food is consistently good whether its extremely busy or at its off hours.... . The decor reminds me of a higher version of cheesecake factory, and the service is prompt and friendly.
Grand Lux is one of my all-time favorite places to eat at whenever I'm in Vegas! There's a beautiful spectrum of different menu items, something for everyone. . . I was kind of surprised to find that it is a branch of the Cheesecake Factory, yet it felt like it was a fitting piece of information. The interior design and the seating all seemed familiar.. . I've had breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late dinner here before, and I don't think anything has ever failed my taste buds. I notably remember the Shaky Beef with rice plate (which is Vietnamese Com Bo Luc Lac) and it was simply amazing, better than most Vietnamese restaurants I've been to (and I'm Vietnamese)! It was a steep price though, 20 bucks. But worth the splurge. When you're in Vegas, you just wanna spend money like there's no tomorrow anyway.. . Also, if you just want something on-the-go for that quick meal before you go out drinking, their sandwiches in the cafe are all bomb. I always devour those without hesitation.
As a sister restaurant to Cheesecake, it has a very similar (giant) menu and ambiance.  The portions are similarly big.  The place is huge so can accommodate many people, especially large parties.  The menu has a large variety- burgers, salads, pasta, steak, Chinese, Mexican etc.- it would be a safe bet for diverse palates. The prices are medium, what you would expect at a diner-ish restaurant at Vegas.  The service is pretty decent too, but it's definitely a hit or miss.  I've came here at 3am before and my server took FOREVER doing everything or is no where to be found.  I've also came here at 8pm and they were fully staffed with multiple people attending to us and filling out water.. . Pro:. Opened 24 hours! . . Con:. Always have at least 15 min wait to be seated
Pleasantly surprised. Was expecting to be overcharged for mediocre food--but it turned out to be a very good meal. The Shaking Beef was great, perfectly seasoned and generous portions.
This restaurant is really similar to its sister The Cheesecake Factory.  I really like how expansive the menu is and the portion sizes are always enough for a small village, which since I enjoy the food so much, makes for good leftovers.. . I like that I can try something new each time, this time was the BBQ Asian Pork Tacos, which I highly recommend.  . . The service is really good, considering the size of this place is massive and its always packed.  . . The downsides are it's VERY loud and its hard to get great service since they are spread so thin.. . Upside, they are open late and inside the Venetian which makes it convenient.
I went on an all-girls trip to Vegas and this was my friend Audrey and I's first stop after dropping off our bags!. . I really enjoyed myself here. Audrey ordered a lunch salad for herself which turned out to be pretty massive. I ordered a pizza/salad lunch combo. The pizza isn't frozen-- it's made to order! I love it because I actually order my pizzas cheese-less (please don't hate). The balsamic dressing that came with my salad was delicious. My pizza was perfect!. . We were definitely well taken care of here and we both enjoyed ourselves.. . I paid about $15 for my lunch, this is definitely not bad considering it's Vegas and everything is usually expensive. The atmosphere was really great too. It is a great place to come to after spending hours traveling to Vegas.. . If you want a cute, relaxing place to have a meal whether with friends or a significant other, I definitely recommend it. It won't burn a whole in your pocket and you'll leave feeling satisfied.. . I don't know if this place is owned by Cheesecake Factory or not, but the place is really really similar. Food varies, but the general atmosphere is very similar to Cheesecake Factory. The service is better though!
Order the make your own cupcakes...so freaking good
I love this place! Located in the Venetian is a fancy pretty restaurant always crackin' with ppl. Surprisingly its not expensive, $10 can get you a fat portion of food that can last you 2 meals if you wanted to. Its similar to the Cheesecake Factory but its in veeeeeegass and its open late nights for all the hungry drunkies! There's so much on the menu we didn't know where to start. Last year I had the cobb salad (wonderful fat salad) this year I went for the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was okay, wasn't spicy enough. My bf had jimbalaya and it was hella good. My friend really enjoyed his pastrami sandwich, finished all of it before we did. . . As for dranks, I had the patron paloma. It was so good I could barely taste the alcohol. My sandwich+drink was probably $25, pretty pricey for a meal but I had leftovers of sandwich and fries for later (which were never touched and left at Cosmo hotel room garbage). Hehe.. . Service was excellent, our waitress was funny, we tipped her well.
Higher end version of the cheescake factory! LOVE THIS PLACE! must try the buffalo wraps and the asians nachos are to DIE for! make sure you get there early because it gets super busy but well worth it. I go prolly 5-6 times a year .. The only thing.. service last time was kinda crappy but forgive and forget when you taste the food..:)
If you want to enjoy a awesome b fast and listen to Phantom of the Opera tunes, this is the place to visit. Sit out front on the patio if you can and people watch.. . My B fast order - corn beef with eggs and sliced tomatoes with English muffin. This is one of my faves for corn beef due to the corn beef is in chunks and is awesome tasting. The chef puts bell pepper's and a small amount of potatoes.  Yes it's pricey at $13.95 but it's all about the quality here. . . My friendly waitress from Chicago Amanda was awesome and has worked here since  they opened - 13 years ago now. The Grand Lux is owned by the Cheesecake Factory and the menu reflects their similarities.
I wish I could give this place a 5, but everything was perfect except for the salmon.. . This cafe has a great assortment, prefect for any party.  They have finer dining cuisine, more filling cuisine, typical casual sit down dinning cuisine, and stuff for the kids all in one place.. . They greet you with slices of French Baguette which was okay, and butter which was pretty good.. . The service is pretty nice.  The waiters are friendly and attentive.. . We ordered the Mahi Mahi and Salmon Trio.  They were both in the mid 20s price range, but the Mahi Mahi did not disappoint.  It was moist with a crusty top of Parmesan and bread crumbs, and flavorful veggies and capers accompanying it.  It was served over a bed of fluffy, creamy mashed potatoes.  . . The salmon was disappointing.  The fish itself was dry, overcooked, and not flavorful.  The accompanying veggies and sauces weren't great, either.  They came with a similar tasting batch of mashed potatoes.. . If every dish was as good as the Mahi Mahi, this place would have earned 5 stars.  It is my new favorite classier dining spotin Vegas.
Brian the bartender was the bomb! Mango margarita was the shit! Turkey club was very good. My experience was great!
I eat here so much because it's right there & has huge portions that I can save for later to eat. Take out portion are good too. I call in for take out cause sometimes there is a wait. I normally like the salmon piccata but lately the salmon is cover cooked. Dunno if they changed the chef or what but I haven't been happy.
I had the eggs over medium with hash browns and an English Muffin.  It was basic enough and was good.  I love how the hash browns are slightly beyond golden but not burnt.  Most places undercook their hash browns.  The waitress was friendly.  I would say the only thing wrong with my experience was that the coffee tasted odd; my husband thought it tasted watered down.  The waitress offered to bring me a cup of espresso but I was on my way to a meeting and didn't want to take in too much caffeine.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas when looking for a casual meal thats not incredibly expensive. It's simple American food with the traditional selections of hamburgers, sandwiches, and pastas that you would get at any other American restaurant. I stayed at the Palazzo with friends once on a trip and we literally ate here for every meal for three days. The reason why this is possible is because they have a HUGE menu. Two of my favorites are the chicken flautas and their corned beef hash. . . Grand Luxe is a sister restaurant of the cheesecake factory so their food is pretty similar in taste and style. One star off though because they don't have the brown break like cheesecake factory and thats always a disappointment for me whenever I go :(
Yum Yum Yum. We stayed at the Venetian and were so hungover and then drunk again so we were too lazy to walk somewhere else and heard this place was good.. We walked in at the perfect time and they sat us aaallll the way in the back corner which i thought was odd. But in the next ten min when i had to go make a phone call, the entire dining room area was packed and there was a line to get in. . Waitress was nice and I feel sorry for her because were just not sober. . . We came here after going to the beach club at TAO so and this was the first time we ate all day....it was 5pm. HA. . We ordered chicekn wings, sliders, artichoke dip, spring rolls with peanut sauce, my friend ordered the mushroom burger which was vegan. All was super delicious!! They give nice portions as well and it's fairly priced. It's just good food to grub on, great for lunch and dinner. I would recommend reservations if you have a large party.
Yummmmm! . . Have the chicken pot pie, its legit. I mostly ate off my sister's plate. I ordered the Pasta Carbonara and that was JUST ok. Its a nice cafe with comfy booths, perfect for slouching in after a night of partying!
I've only dined at this chain once before. Specifically, the one in the Beverly Center. And I clearly remember why I liked this place so much....they had brocolini. Perfectly sauteed. Leave me alone. I was on a brocolini kick. They earned an A from me that evening.. I am glad to report that another gold star from me will be rewarded to the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian hotel. The morning of our departure, my wild romp companions and I decided to try their Sunday breakfast. A full breakfast bar. Complete with fresh OJ and hot coffee. Pastries, omelet bar, waffles, fresh delicious fruit, potatoes, more eggs, sausage, bacon, oatmeal, and even cereal. Too much. And all for 20 buckaroos. Everything I consumed (at a leisurely pace) was sooo good. And sooo very necessary after the nutrient deficient wild romp I had just endured. Service from our waiter was excellent. Well timed and gregarious. Their breakfast was the perfect start for my road back to reality.
Just loved it....  I will return without a doubt!. . The Buffalo Chicken Rolls are just naughty and one thing that I crave....  All pasta & pizza are great, the steaks are wonderful & the seafood as better than expected... The sandwiches are fantastic....  Just great food done right.  I will make the trip every single time I'm in Vegas!
The take-out bags, decor, and atmosphere mirror Cheesecake Factory. Same owners?. . Great diner for late night meals. Food is surprisingly good-had the "max" burger. Then again, I was starving.
Gotta love a place that gets it right...good portions..nice decor..Sunday brunch..good options for lunch, dinner, late night snack, etc. . Can say enough about the service, which i thought was awesome! . Had the Madeira Chicken which offered me a slice of chicken covered in gooey cheese goodness at every bite. Sampled the Prawns served on a bed of raosted potatoes and i have no regrets there either. . Two thumbs up from this foodie
I have been to the Grand Lux for dinner 4 times - twice here and twice at the Palazzo.  All 4 times, I've had the crispy caramel chicken.  It's an excellent dish with good tasting, deep fried battered chicken with a caramel glaze.  The glaze is a bit on the sweet side, but I like it.. . Last night, I stayed true to form and ordered that.I had a choice of brown or white rice and I went with the brown.  DInner was very good.  My wife had the Madeira chicken.  It was served with very creamy, good tasting mashed potatoes.  We shared a piece of chocolate cake for dessert.  It was huge.. . Service was a bit slow last night, but we got here at the height of the busy time with people wanting to have dinner before going to see Phantom as was the case with us.  We had plenty of time and I didn't obsess with the time factor because I knew we were good.. . Our server boxed our leftovers--dinner tonight--and brought it back quickly.  I had time to walk it to the car in the garage and put it in the cooler I brought anticipating a take out box or boxes.  I wish they had more large small plates on their menu.  Or if they would just downsize any of their meals for a downsized price.. . My only complaint with Grand Lux is the level of the music.  It was not on when we first arrived. 10 minutes later, someone must have realized and they fired up the sound system.  At one point, it was so loud, I had to almost yell for my wife to hear me.  It got so bad, I downloaded an app for my iPhone and the decibel level averaged about 85 all the time we were there.  At times it spiked in the 90s and near 100.  That's just too loud!!  Turn it down!
Great food and good service
You're in vegas. Wants to dine-in yet there is no time to go to a buffet, but refuses to go to a fast food joint? Grand Lux is the answer. .  . I think this is better than cheesecake factory. Despite the same ambiance, interior decoration, to-go bag color schemes, and menus, the food was a bit more tasteful than cheesecake factory.  .  . I ordered the pork chops and I was very satisfied with my choice. When there is a mixture of apples with pork chops and mash potatoes and brussel sprouts- I'm in! The pork chops was perfect- not over cooked, not under cooked near the bone. I enjoyed every morsel that was left to the bone. My friends had a bite of my dish and agreed that they liked my dish.   . . The service was tentative. They were concerned with our experience which is surprising for our group of 13. Other places tend to neglect you knowing that they have a guaranteed 18-20% tip. Here, they asked if the whole party was happy with their choices..  . Perfect meal and now to go hit the slots and clubs!
This place never fails me.  Grand Lux, you're like a good friend.  I can always depend on you.  You're always there to provide me with good food any time of the day. Even when I'm sleep deprived you help give me the energy to keep going.   . . There's always great service and great food here.  It always takes me a long time to decide what to order because there's so many delicious choices!  I've been here multiple times with large groups and smaller groups and its very convenient for both.. . The last time I was here, we had a group of 10.  It was a great choice for dinner since none of us could stomach a buffett.    . . I ordered the BBQ chicken which came with cornbread and cole slaw.  It was delicious and enough to prep for stomach for all the evening festivities.  . . Grand Lux, you're always on my list of places to eat in Vegas.
Went here on a Thursday evening and were seated quickly. The waiter was nice enough to give us some time to figure out what we wanted because so many things sounded so good on their menu. Luckily there's complimentary bread to help hold us over. . . We ended up with a glass of wine each and he had the salisbury steak and I had the prime rib. Both dishes came out fairly good and the sides were good also, which makes this dinner a winner. . . This cafe is a little more expensive than what you'd find at other hotel/casino cafes but their quality of food is better. Our 2 dinners, 2 glasses of wine and a side salad came out to about $75
Telephono pasta lunch portion is the best. Sat at the bar to take a break from the casino.
It is what it is - cheesecake factory with a different front!. . I've eaten at this one in the Venetian more times than I'm proud to admit!. . It's huge, but generally there is a line - unless you eat at midnight!. Bar is usually a good bet and the portions are huge!. . Staff is usually pretty friendly and helpful.
I manage a trip into the Lux whenever I get to Vegas Its on the casino floor of both the Venetian and the Palazzo.. .  Its a great breakfast or lunch spot. Its often very busy, so be prepared to wait in line, unless you have the VIP card which allows you to enter without a wait.. The food is great here. You get a healthy portion and no matter what you order, its always fantastic..  The appetizers through to main courses are excellent, and the Chicken Venetian is highly recommended. Desserts are awesome, and the prices are very reasonable. One can eat there for 20-30 bucks with a drink or two. I don' t think I have ever had a bad meal there, and I have gone at least 50 times.. Highly recommended. Come hungry, though.
Every time I come to Vegas, I always eat here. Is it a preference? No. It's only because we always stay at Palazzo and this place is open 24hrs. Their prices are not too ridiculous. It's almost unavoidable. So on our recent trip this past wknd, we ate here for dinner Saturday evening and also breakfast Sunday morning. . . I ordered a chicken pot pie soup with crab cakes for dinner. And for breakfast, I had their red velvet pancakes. Everything tasted great. I've had their breakfast buffet too in the past and it's also very good for the price. I'm pretty sure I'll be coming back again..
Holy Cow, I cannot believe they stopped serving my favorite sushi roll!!!!! Anyway came here after Da Vinci Exhibit ordered their Volcano Shrimp and it was delicious very light and crispy and the sauce was flavorful with a bit of spicy. I had the Ruben and OMG it was freaking delicious and pastrami was so good!!!!! My g/f had the BBQ pull pork sandwich (again!!!!) and it was the same as last time, very good, just have to say that the side of coleslaw was bland (agian!!!!). Can't go wrong here and for you breakfast sandwich lovers I suggest the Breakfast Sandwich Its my favorite it all of  Las Vegas.
It's a little pricey, but almost everything is homemade. So good.
This is my wife's favorite place to eat and it is very affordable for a great experience. The place seems to be very high class and the food is good. I only wished they would bring back their Venetian Chicken. The reason it is 4 stars is because I think they always include the tip in the bill so there is no reason to put cash or write it in on the receipt because they include it already and you might end up double tipping. Seems sneaky and I am a firm believer of allowing the customer to tip themselves or that is like false advertisement or theft...
Likes: Asian Nachos (crispy fried wontons covered with chicken in a sweet-hot peanut sauce topped with wasabi cream and melted cheese) - now if that doesn't get your palate wet I don't know what will.  Huge portions - yay.. . Dislikes: No napkins or eating utensils were at our table or given to us even after our meal came out so I had to ask them
Came here for lunch. It was recommended by a security guy at the Venetian where we stayed for the weekend. Such an awesome place, good food, great service. I wish I remembered our waiters name. He deserves a raise. He was very helpful, nice, and funny. So glad service was fast because I came in here starving. I ordered the glazed salmon with mushrooms, artichoke, capers and steamed rice. It was delicious, just the right size for my hungry tummy :). . Highly recommended for the good food, service and reasonable price.
This is kind of like the Cheesecake Factory. Diner-ish/gourmet food in a nicer environment than a diner. Once you walk in it seems as if the place is small and only seats 20-30 people but walk in further and it's huge. Good spot for quick lunch if you don't want to eat at  a buffet. Options range from burgers to salads to steaks. Breakfast is also served here and I believe it's all day, it should be served all day....c'mon it's Vegas!
I've been to the Grand Lux in Chicago a couple of times and was satisfied with my meal, so at 2:00 a.m. when I saw this restaurant was still open, I was happy.  . Sooooooooo goooooood!!!!  I ordered the vegetable omelet, It was delicious, and I was pretty much open for anything at that time of the morning.  (Also I was totally sober!) Service was great, coffee was hot and fresh, food was delicious!  I was pleasantly surprised for a restaurant to be open that late/early and for the food to be that good!
I ate here with some friends right before taking off for the airport.  The portion sizes were huge for the price.  The service was a little too slow for us, then again we were in a hurry to make our flight.
This is for the G.L located inside the Venietian. I have eaten here at least 50 times and have never had a bad meal,or service. I always ask to be seated out in the antriem its alittle more airy,and great for people watching..  First of all the waiter/ess will put down some warm bread with dipping oil. This itself may fill you up.. .   Quite often I order the baked salmon,it comes with a small portion of garlic potatoes,and green beans. I also enjoy their hamburgers as well as the sloppy joe's..   All in all I believe you will allways get a good dinner at a reasonable price.
I ate at the Grand Lux Cafe (GLC) at the Venetian Resort this evening -- one of many visits to this restaurant since the top-rated Venetian opened in May 1999. I arrived around 6:00PM after cruising the G2E Global Gaming Show all day. The restaurant was crowded but, thankfully, there was no wait to get in.. . I was promptly greeted by a friendly hostess and was offered a seat in the Bar area rather than the main restaurant. (I'm glad they didn't seat me on the casino terrace as I don't like that area at all -- mostly because the scent they fill the casino with is obnoxiously strong there.) There are two TVs in the bar -- one was tuned to a sports channel while the other was tuned to the first presidential debate.The restaurant areas I visited appeared clean, fresh and well-cared for. My table and seating area were also clean and the table was set for two. I was given a glass of water, a 1/2 loaf of their amazing sourdough bread and a generous serving of butter within just a few short minutes of being seated.. . My waiter, Charles S., was very friendly and attentive and he wholeheartedly agreed with my choice of dinner: Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella. The large main dish portion was made with fresh ingredients and presented nicely on a large clean plate. There was lots of tasty, well-prepared pasta with a tomato, cream and garlic sauce; a generous portion of flavorful grilled chicken breast; and many appealing small orange and red pear-shaped "mini" tomatoes. The dish was garnished with fresh mozzarella cheese, grated Parmesan cheese and a basil pesto. The menu claims the tomatoes are roasted but mine did not appear that way. A very delicious and filling dish. The iced tea I was served also passed muster though the refill I was offered was a tad strong for my liking.. . GLC is owned by the same company that owns The Cheesecake Factory. I have eaten at many GLC locations across the country and I'm always happy with the facility, food and staff. The price for meals is a bit on the high side (my dinner this evening with tax and just over 20% tip was a tad under $26) but well worth it for the quality of the experience.. . -- 4.3 well-deserved stars
Been here multiple times over the past two years. Service is always very good, prices are more than reasonable - especially for Vegas, and has one of the best Hamburgers I've ever had
Grand Lux is for you if:. . --You're staying in the Venetian or Palazzo. --You want to spend less than $15.00 per person for a very nice brunch/lunch. --You want kind and helpful service. --You want to be seated immediately. --You want lots of options and choices. . Thus my four star review, which surprised me, since it's owned by the folks who own the Cheesecake Factory (which I consider the bastion of decent mediocrity).  . . Everything we had was uniformly good, and one item--the Duck Triangles (crispy wrappers filled with minced duck, onions, garlic, ginger, soy and sesame)--was absolutely stunning. . . We left feeling full and pleased.
This restaurant is seriously good.  Definitely a fan of their asian nachos & omelettes! Whenever I'm in Vegas, within the vicinity of Venetian, i'm down to munch here! Service is excellent. Though, it can get super busy on weekends!
My go-to for post clubbing food. Good food, decent service, reasonable prices, good portion sizes. . . No complaints. It isn't "OMFG! this is the best place ever," but I am a fan for sure.
Not sure if I'm reviewing the correct Grand Lux but... IDK. This place is bomb. I like that it's open 24 hours - perfect for Vegas.. . Their food is deliiciiious. It is basically Cheesecake Factory, same style of food, same decor. The food is good though, from pastas, to sandwiches, to smoothies and drinks. Never had a bad meal here!
Stumbled onto this place while at a convention and I have to say the service was OUTSTANDING and the menu was great.   Great selection if you just aren't sure what you are hungry for.. . Great selection of salads.. . Our food was great, I am sure we'll be back again!
I was in town for a long weekend with and woke up Sunday afternoon with a craving for a burger. I Yelped the area and received several reviews.  You walk in to a familiar setting with the look and feel of the Cheesecake Factory.  The bugers my party ordered were cooked to our specifications and within a very timely manner.  Try the Grand Lux Burger Melt! If you like a good "melt in your mouth" beef burger, with thousand island dressing, melted cheddar cheese, sauteed onions sandwiched between slices of Parmesan cheese bread... you'll enjoy this.
Late night goodness. . . So the Grand Lux is open 24 hours but I only ever find myself here when it's past midnight. On this night, one of the people in my group was complaining how hungry he was. I instantly recommended grand lux because I knew that it had a million items on the menu. . . My favorite item is the potato egg roll which is basically mashed potatoes with bacon wrapped and fried and served with sour cream. Yum! One of our group got calamari which was surprisingly melt in your mouth at 3 am. . . The menu is very extensive and there is something for everyone including alcohol and even gluten free options. . . The location is convenient in the Venetian and the prices run around $5-$20 depending on what dish you order.
We enjoyed the breakfast buffet - not too large and overwhelming like some can be.. Good atmosphere and nice music played at just the right level!
I was seeking fried chicken and waffles and found Grand Lux Cafe on Yelp. I enjoyed it; though the fried chicken was under seasoned. My friends got various omelet which were very well made and good. . . The place is huge so we didn't have to wait too long for a table even though we waited in line when we arrived.
I never leave here not full. They offer humongous portions and flavorful dishes. I like the sunday pasta, it has everything in it (beef stew with vegetables with sauce). I can come here for a solid meal breakfast, lunch and dinner.
This is usually one of my favorite spots in the Venetian to go to at odd hours of the night because it is open all night long. I always get the buffalo chicken rolls which are usually amazing but they were pretty dry this past time I went. I definitely recommend the waffle with fresh strawberries and whipped cream around breakfast time. The smoothies are pretty good too. I tried the fresca pasta for the first time this past weekend and it wasn't amazing but pretty healthy.
A very fun and inviting atmosphere really ties the experience at Grand Lux together. This is like an upscale MGM cafe....but with much better food. The service has been great every visit. I'm not sure of their hours, but is open late so feel free to stumble in after a few drinks. Oh, and the salads are great!
It's no wonder I like this place, as I really like Cheesecake Factory. Tons of options and rather large servings. Came here before when staying at the Venetian, as it's open 24 hours (or until the wee hours) so always a place to dine whenever you're hungry in Vegas.. . We came here for lunch on our first day, and I just wanted a small meal since we were eating dinner in a few hours. The lunch special of half a sandwich, soup, and salad stood out to me and was a reasonable $9. Their complimentary bread was not my cup of tea since it's not very soft, but that was better for me so I could save my appetite for my lunch. The butter here is really tasty though!. . Although the restaurant was not busy, our food took forever and a day to come out. When it finally did I was pleased with my dish, as it was a good amount of food for the price. The salad was tasty, and they brought my blue cheese dressing on the side. The chicken mushroom soup was pretty tasty, and they give you a huge cup of it! My BLT however...the bread was so badly burnt, I didn't eat any of the bread. Also, I like my bacon chewy, but these were burnt to a crisp. Stole some of my friends' fries and dipped it in their yummy ranch so I got my fill of carbs.. . They also brought out a complimentary birthday treat for my friend, and their whipped cream was light and yummy, and the crisp that came with it was also light and tasty as well.. . Overall, we all enjoyed our meals, but just wished service was quicker.
This place is an indecisive diner's worst nightmare! The menu is huge and features most everything one could think of!. . We experienced very good service here. The food is average but the portions are huge! Prices are relatively cheap, just be prepared to walk away with a doggy bag!
Grand Lux Cafe is the Sister restaurant of The Cheesecake Factory.. and I LOVE The Cheesecake Factory! So my Godsister and I decided to eat here since it was right downstairs from where we were staying (The Venetian). . . To my surprise, the wait time wasn't long at all. We waited under 10 minutes for a table for 2 people. (I was honestly expecting the usual wait time of about 20-30 minutes like at the location in New York). Once inside, we noticed that the space is of the restaurant is huge.. Nicely decorated atmosphere with plenty of dining tables around.. . We each ordered the Salad and Pasta Lunch Special, which was very affordable and delicious at $10-$11. As always, the portions are huge and I was able to pack some leftovers even with a lunch portion.. . Staff here was very accommodating, quick, and knowledgable of their specials and food entrees. Definitely coming back to The Grand Lux Cafe again for lunch or dinner.. At any location!
I came here for brunch and the wait wasn't as long as i thought it would be. The line was long but it moved really fast. They also have a breakfast buffet which I didn't try out. Which I believe is $17. I got the red velvet pancakes and they were really good. And it also comes with cream cheese frosting. They're also open 24 hours.
The Chicken Pot Pie is awesome comfort food to fortify you for a night of drinking and gambling.. . For breakfast, you can't beat their chicken and waffles.. . And at the wee small hours in the morning, a burger is always great.. . I have never had a bad service experience, always prompt and courteous.
3.5 stars! . My sister ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was really dry and unseasoned, but the honey pecan sauce that came with it was very yum-o. It was the only thing that could save the dryness of the chicken. . . I ordered the egg white omelette with ham, spinach, onions, mushroom with English muffin. But they got my order completely wrong and gave me some omelette with cheese and wheat toast. But I forgave them because they were gracious about it and the adowobo manager apologized to me. It was $12.95, but the $16.95 buffet would have been more worth the price since that included custom omelettes as well. When my order came again, there was too much ham, but barely any spinach. Booo. . . They had typical but delicious buffet items. I will come back!
Ordered breakfast to go since we were out of time our last day in Vegas. Got this scrambled egg thing with hash beef, potatoes, and a bagel with cream cheese. We didn't get any of the ambience so I can't say much for that. For was okay, but we definitely need to come back for lunch or dinner. Service was superb.
Came here with my boss on a business trip as our first dinner.  As we approached the host, we were greeted with eye contact, a salutation and a hand beckoning us in.. . Imperial pint of Boddington's...Check.. . The menu here was extremely enticing and I found myself struggling to select just one dinner.  We decided to order a plate of nachos as an appetizer to start us off and quench some of the hunger within.  After drinking some beer and some nachos we decided it was time to get some dinner.. . Boss order a cheeseburger and I opted for the Grand Lux burger (with the spare rib on it).. . What was delivered was a vision of pure deelish.  I love burgers (I've done Collin's Pub, XXX, Red Mill, and so on)...and this burger definitely would give them all a regimental rodgering.. . I think I spent about 15 solid minutes just savoring all of the flavor of this burger.  Whatever they did to my burger I hope gets repeated into perpetuity because it was magical.. . Enjoy Yeeps.
We came here twice, which says a lot. Once for breakfast, the other for a fourth meal. Breakfast was generous in portion and tasty (omelette and smoked salmon). Fourth meal hit the spot: short rib grilled cheese and the spicy carnitas sandwich.
You have to try the Caramel Chicken. WOW! My wife and I love this place and try to have at least one meal here when we are in Vegas. they have a huge selection, portions are big and the food is great. I have always been seated pretty fast and always seem to get a good server.. . Highly recommended.!
This is the best value within the Venetian  in Las Vegas.  As I understand it it is related to Cheesecake factory.  They serve large servings and it was always good.  I ended up eating there several times.  I found it better then many of the celebrity restaurant on and around the strip.. . When your tired of spending too much for so so food, go here.
First time in Vegas.. first restaurant that I went to.. . Just below Tao is Grand Lux Cafe. They're open pretty late if not, 24 hours. My friend took me here for late munchies after TAO. I've only had their Fettuccine Alfredo which was delicious.. . The price is average. However, the service is not as good as you would expect it to be. I would assume it's because people usually come here at the wee hours and drunk. So, they don't need to provide excellent customer service.. . I possibly would dine here again, but I just end up at some buffet.
Got the breakfast sandwich and it was great, as were the hash browns.  Price was reasonable and great for being in the Venetian.  Service was a little slow to refill waters but it was crowded.
After walking the strip to find a breakfast place without a ridiculous wait on a Saturday morning we stumbled upon Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian. The wait was only 15 minutes and our waiter was incredibly courteous, knowledgeable and fast. They were offering a brunch buffet, and you could also order off of the menu. I ordered a mimosa and Eggs Benedict with hashbrowns. Everything was delicious and the eggs were cooked perfectly! The hollandaise was perfectly lemony and not salty- the menu said that it was "the best", and I can definitely see why. My boyfriend ordered the DeLux Breafast Sandwich (scrambled Eggs, bacon, ham, grilled tomato and havarti cheese on grilled brioche bread) and he said it was Awesome! Another plus - the prices were pretty good, given that it was Las Vegas. I would definitely come back here for brunch!
i heart grand lux, and was so happy to find one in vegas it was quality food at a good price and i already knew what was on the menu to persuade the picky eaters in our group .. . we had the short rib and perogies, seared salmon with pea sauce, and the indochine shrimp and chicken.  we were all very satisfied. the service was good and so was the food.
I have to admit, I am impressed with the Grand Lux Cafe.  When you're in the Venetian and looking for a place to eat, you got high-end, food court, and their Grand Lux Cafe.  Just from the gold decor, attentive well-dressed attentive servers, and the ambiance, you'll start thinking this is a pricey restaurant to eat at.  Nope...the Grand Lux Cafe is very affordable and the prices for their cafe/grill food mimics a local Denny's or IHOP.  But that's the just the prices that mimics these chain branded restaurants.  Food quality, presentation, service, and selection is all top notch here at the Grand Lux Cafe.  In other words, you cannot go wrong here.. . Grand Lux Cafe serves everything from breakfast to high quality meals like Filet Mignon.  Such a huge selection, I had to ask the waiter to give us extra time to decide.  In the meantime, we got our bread served and it was killed in minutes. For dinner, we shared the calamari which is also served with fried vegetables and fried shrimp.  I don't eat vegetables, but there's something about fried vegetables that makes it go down better.  The calamari was delicious, lightly breaded, and wasn't rubbery.  Yes..I've had overly chewy and rubbery calamari, but not here.  Cristina P. had a salad and I got the Crispy Chicken Sandwich with a bowl of soup.  Let me add that there isn't a Crispy Chicken Sandwich on the menu, but all you have to do is ask and sometimes you shall receive.  My chicken sandwich was exactly how I expected it to taste...chicken breast that's golden fried, crunchy, tasty, and perfectly sandwiched in a hamburger type bun. . . In all, I have to say that the Grand Lux Cafe is an easy stop if you're hungry, undecided, and in the Venetian.  There's plenty for everyone here and the price is better than most.
I am really pissed they don't have the fresh baked pecan chocolate chip cookies anymore...... someone needs to be shot for this.
TWO WORDS!!!  Asian Nachos!!!. These puppies are the most ridiculous food concotion I've ever tasted!! It would be my last meal for sure! . . Nice ambiance, can get quite loud, excellent passion tea!
After catching a show at the Venetian, my wife and I decided to head over to the Grand Lux Cafe.  It is a chain restaurant that I have visited quite often at other cities (i.e. Fort Lauderdale and Chicago).  And, at each locale, it fails to NEVER disappoint.. . Compared to other Vegas Restaurants, Grand Lux is reasonably price.  It is not gonna kill your wallet.  And, it still manages to provide a quality meal that lives up to a "vegas" standard -- if there is such a thing.. . Walking into the waiting area is a bit intimidating.  The hallways are crowded and cluttered with people waiting to get in.  When we got our "waiting" buzzer, we were about 20 couples/groups behind.  Fortunately enough, the wait was only 20 minutes or so.  . . As you walk in, you are surprised at how large the interior is.  In Vegas, it seems that everything is more grand (yes - even compared to the Grand Lux in Chicago and FLL).. As we walk into the main dining room, everything seems very well spaced out.  I love this setting!!  With the larger spacing, it allows patrons to carry on a more private and romantic evening.  Kinda funny, even though it was a room full of people, my wife and I could clearly hear each other's conversation and not ONE peep from the other tables!  Now, this is quite a change!. . Since we ate early in the evening -3-4hrs beforehand, we decided that we would skip the appetizers and not have desserts.  Instead, we just ordered two entrees.  I had my usual, Pot Braised Roast.   And, my wife had her 3 way cooked Salmon.  By the way, if you do not know what to order, it is a bit overwhelming.  The menu is like 8 pages long with like a hundred items on them.  Think Cheesecake Factory.... !!  I think they are both owned by Cheesecake.  Their menus goes on forever.  When I first came to the Lux, I would just close my eyes and pick a row.  Somehow, I landed on Braised Pot Roast and it has been my favorite ever since!. . The Braised is cooked to perfection.  Tender and soft.  There is a lot of fat!  Yum!! LOL!!  My wife went healthy and got the salmon.  We made sure that we requested that the salmon be "undercooked".  So many places overcook the salmon.  At which point, it becomes very hard and difficult to eat.  The meal was awesome!. . 2 nice size "fulfilling entrees", 1 diet coke, and 2 glasses of water rung up to $50.  With Tip, the check was $60 for 2.  Not bad!!. . I would highly recommend this place.  Enjoy!
Just like Cheesecake factory. Amazing food. I enjoyed their Chicken Lettuce Wraps here. Super light and filling.
Woah so good! Or maybe that was the alcohol talking?. . I went here with my buddies after clubbing at Lavo. I was so hungry but did not want anything too heavy, so I opted for waffles haha! First of all, I'm so grateful to our server. He was so patient with us while we were all being drunk and breaking things (we're so sorry!) He was friendly throughout, so we all gave him 18% tip. Back to the food, WOAH those were some awesome waffles! I originally wanted chicken & waffles but they ran out of fried chicken (sad face) but I was definitely satisfied with their waffles & strawberries. Their serving was pretty big and the waffle itself tasted soooo yummy and fluffy. I'm usually very picky when it comes to waffles because ever since the first time I tasted authentic Belgian waffles as a kid I've yet to find anything close to it... I don't think Grand Lux's was close BUT it definitely was delicious. Have I mentioned the size of their menu!?? I guess it's because Grand Lux Cafe is related to The Cheesecake Factory. I've tasted one of my friends' slider and I was impressed at the consistency of their food. At other places, some of their dishes are hit or miss but after tasting my friends food, all tasting very good, there's a good chance that whatever you order here will be delicious.  So whenever I'm at the Venetian or Palazzo and hungry enough to eat at the casino I'll most likely to dine here =)
Be prepared to be overwhelmed by the endless menu. This place has a menu like The Cheesecake Factory. . . The Grand Lux Cafe is conveniently located in the Venetian so I dined there more than once on my recent trip to Vegas.  It was a great place for both breakfast and dinner. Regrettably I never had lunch there...at least not yet.. . For breakfast one of my friends ordered the chicken and waffles. She said the waffle was amazing but she was disappointed that the chicken was completely bland.  I guess it didn't taste as good as it looked. Another one of my friends and the steak and eggs and absolutely loved it.  I had a spinach and mushroom omelet that was served with hash browns. It was more than I could eat and was delicious.. . For dinner I had the short rib grilled cheese. oh. emm. gee. It was heaven in my mouth. One of my friends ordered the same thing and she loved it as much as I did. My other friend ordered the burger and said it was the best burger she's had in a very long time. We were all so full that we didn't want dessert but when we saw the creme brulee duo on the menu it was a no-brainer - one chocolate and one regular. I'm usually more of a purist when it comes to creme brulee but both were amazing. I could have eaten both of them by myself but thankfully my two girlfriends saved me by helping me out.
You have to appreciate it for what it is, and it is awesome. When you're hungry, hungover, drunk or stone cold sober it's great. Not to mention they're open 24 hours a freaking day. . . They'll even pack your order to go, for those times you just need to get back to the room. Like right now. . . Sure it's not small batch, farm fresh, artisanal and spit roasted, but it hits the spot when you need good food fast. Done. Grand Luxe I lurve you.
Always worth visiting when I'm in Vegas.  They have 2 locations which is convenient.  I've never had to wait for a table.  They have a broad variety of options on the menu and give huge portions.
I heard about Grand Lux Cafe through a few friends, and I am very surprised I have never heard of it before (considering there is a HUGE location right in Chicago that I passed by yesterday). But anyway, I decided to check it out as our last lunch/meal in Vegas before we had to board the shuttle. It was a Saturday afternoon, and the rush of people on the streets was insane, so it took us a good 20 minutes or so to get to the Venetian. I love that hotel so much - so gorgeous, but we didn't have any time to explore, so we rushed over to the Grand Lux (very easy to find) and got seated right away. It's a very big restaurant, with plenty of seating and a very "grand" and beautiful interior, but it was PACKED! . . With the little time that we had left, my boyfriend and I rushed through the menu and he ended up getting the Buffalo Chicken Rolls and I got the Spicy Flat bread Chicken sandwich - very good! My only concern was that the food took forever, so we literally had 10 minutes to eat and we had to go right away. The doggy bag came into good use when our plane was delayed for 5 hours... . . Anyway, this place reminds me so much of Cheesecake Factory, but that makes a lot of sense considering it's the same owners. With that being said, the menu is endless, so I will def be making my way back here next time I am in Vegas. I LOVE the fact that it is 24/7, and I wish I knew that when I was there Fri night around 4 am when we were starving and everything around Cosmo had closed. . . Service was good, but like I said, the food took way too long. I'd recommend this location and though it's a chain, the prices are very reasonable and there is def something on the menu for everyone.
Solid. Open 24/7 and large portions. Perfect for after the club or early risers. I love the Asian Nachos.
Nice breakfast buffet for $17.50
We always eat breakfast here and love the omlettes.  Lots of fresh fruit and healthy food to get your day started!  Love it!
I LOVE grand lux cafe.. it's a better cheesecake factory (it is owned by the same company)  The first one I ever went to was the one in Dallas.  I love how there aren't that many, so it makes it kind of special.  Make sure to get the beneigts.  mmmmm.... But the one in the Venitian does not have Beneigts because it was the very first Grand Lux Cafe.. just walk over the the Palazzo and enjoy some! :)
We came here fresh off the airplane and starving.  I had the chinese chicken salad and it was a ridiculous amount of food.  That doesn't mean I didn't eat it all.  But I thought perhaps she had accidentally given me the dinner portion and I would have to debate it with her when the bill came.  But nope, lunch portion.  Whoa.  I also drank a crazy amount of water AND diet coke which she kept promptly refilling without complaint.  Our waitress was super nice and I thought this was a great way to begin our Vegas trip.
Come hungry!  You will definitely leave full.  If you don't it is your own fault.
I thought this place was great. Came on a busy Friday night around 11 PM and were seated very quickly, though our food had a bit of a delay that came with it, but the service was very friendly and apologetic. They have an unbelievably expansive menu and the prices are mostly reasonable for a high end hotel restaurant. The portions are ENORMOUS. Enjoy.
My last night in Vegas, I wanted some good eats within walking distance of my hotel. After checking yelp, Grand Lux fit the bill. My friend and I were seated immediately upon entering, and we got straight to ordering. I ordered a chocolate espresso martini to start followed by the asian nachos as an app and the chicken and waffles for my entree. My friend went with the chicken parm. Our server was really nice, and made sure coffee/ water was always full.. . If you like vodka, I would recommend trying their martini- that thing was strong! I switched to coffee and poured it in about halfway through. Asian nachos were great- fried wontons with rice, cheese, chicken, and two different yummy sauces on them. Entrees arrived soon after, and oh man, they were huge! There were probably 6 chicken strips on my waffle and my friend's chicken parm was easily the size of his 14 inch oval platter. Both meals were well rec'd- I took home the majority of my food (thank goodness for mini-fridges!). My friend said this was his favorite meal of our entire trip. So yes, more expensive version of The Cheesecake factory. So what's wrong with that? Absolutely nothing :)
would always eat here if i'm staying at venetian/palazoo.. . ur basically looking at a cheese cake factory clone, except that you're a 10 second walk away to blowing your paycheck right after dinner.. . tried most of the stuff on the menu and the only things i didnt really like would be their chicken salad sandwich and their pho-like noodle dish. can't go wrong with their burgers or their pastas. unless your on a diet.. . protip: get that grazie card, save me a 1.5 hour wait this past weeeknd. they have a separate line for grazie members. for any stingy readers, grazie club card=free. free=good.
This afternoon on a staycation with family, we ate in the Grand Lux Cafe.With a location in the Venetian, I felt like I was transplanted to a cafe in Venice.. .   Grand Lux Cafe is the upscale brand of the Cheesecake Factory. The restaurants are upscale with decent prices. They include a bar and bakery.. .  The Cheesecake Factory website states that the Grand Lux Cafe came into existence when the Venetian asked David Overton, who was the founder of Cheesecake Factory to design an upscale restaurant for his resort. The story goes that he went all over Europe doing culinary research. The research resulted in the very first Grand Lux Cafe-where we had lunch this afternoon. . .   Our experience was that Grand Lux Cafe is upscale and affordable. Our table overlooked the extravagant Venetian. . .  In my opinion, where the menu shines is the lunch special. It is from 11 to 5. The lunch specials include Lunch soup/ salad ($10.95), Rustic pizza & salad ($11.95), Lunch salad ($9.95-11.95), Lunch enchiladas ($11.95), Lunch pasta & salad ($10.95-$11.15), and Lunch salmon ($13.25).. .   I was going to order the Lunch pasta & salad. When I asked the Waitress if the lunch portion is enough to fill you up, she answered that depends on your appetite. With that nebulous answer, I ordered the BLT with french fries. I don't think this was the kind of dish that David Overton was researching in Europe. Overall I was happy with the food.. .   I enjoyed having lunch in Grand Lux Cafe. I was off from work and with family. It is not too often that I get to have lunch in Venice. It was a change of scenery with good food that I appreciated. I am showing this appreciation with a 4 star rating.. . The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 50.
Came here two nights in a row with my ladies. Had a completely different experiences!. . First night (03/23/13), we had a server named Paul. I'd give him 2 stars or less. Food was 4 stars.. Caucasian guy with red hair. Worst waiter I've ever had. He wasn't attentive. When we would ask for things...he didn't even let us finish our sentence but walked away already -_- I understand that he can hear us while walking, but at least make eye contact & let us finish our sentence!! Rude. And we felt he was kind of racist. What, just cause we're Asians you treat us differently? He was soo nice & attentive to the table behind us, they were Caucasian... Good food tho. The chicken on our pasta was very tender. They cooked it perfectly, but bad service by Paul. It was my first time there, I didn't want to come back.. . . But we gave it another try tonight... (03/24/13). . This time, we had Judith as our waitress.. And let me tell ya, she's the best ever!! Most adorable & sweet lady we've ever had ^_^ she smiles a lot, very friendly, and most of all very attentive! We're soo glad we got her as our waitress. Ended our Vegas trip with a smile :). 5 stars for her, 4 stars for food.. The clam pasta we got was a little salty. Probably cause of the clams. Other than that, my pasta pomodoro with chicken was delicious!! :D. . Definitely coming back for Judith :)
the 4th star is for the fact that they're open 24hrs and im usually a fan of eateries open 24hrs. apparently, this is an extension of The Cheesecake Factory. it was good and the service here is great, i love when the manager walks around and has a conversation with his customers. even the hostess was incredibly friendly and conversational. that's important.. . if you're in Vegas, definitely check this place out for a late night meal
Really good sandwiches & service. That is all we ordered so I'm not sure about the rest of the menu..  I would assume that everything is just as good.
Very much enjoyed our late night eats here. The portions were probably 3x bigger than what we expected, so value certainly isn't a problem. I enjoyed my shrimp scampi which was good, but too creamy for shrimp scampi. Our service was very friendly and reasonably paced. We didn't feel rushed at all.
I always have to come here when I go to Vegas. I love their corned beef hash breakfast plate. I haven't found a place that makes corned beef hash the way they do. This dish comes with toast, eggs, and hash browns. It's a Huge portion so it's a good plate to share with someone.  The food is really food but it takes forever to come out. :( Food is worth the wait!
Good fresh food. A must go. Buffalo chicken rolls.
Stayed at the Venetian when I went to Vegas last week and after a long time of trying to find something decently priced for lunch, we stumbled back to our hotel and decided to eat here based on one of our friend's recommendation. . . It's a 24 hour restaurant and is a branch of Cheesecake Factory. I think they also had an AYCE breakfast buffet for $20, but I went with the lunch special of a soup-sandwich-salad combo instead. There was barely a wait. The food was pretty tasty, but I still need to try more dishes in order to really judge the food. Everything came out to be around $14 with tax/tip, which I think is pretty cheap in Vegas. . . I'd definitely come back here for the decent price and food!
My GF and I came to Vegas for a week vacation. She had been to Vegas couple times and I went to school here so I conceder myself a local. We stop by the Cafe to get some breakfast based on other reviews. At first we were both really impressed on the decor. We were seated immediately but friendly and helpful wait staff to a very nice booth. I ordered the bloody Mary  with the chicken and waffles and my GF had the croissant egg benedict.. . . PROs:. 1.) Nice people and very nice restaurant. . 2.) Drinks were good, I can recommend the Bloody Mary.. 3.) Chicken and Waffles was great, plenty of food and the syrup was good. . 4.) Reasonable priced given the decor and food. . . CONs:. 1.) Wait staff took a while to get the order and bring the food. They were nice and it did not look that packed but it did took a bit too long. . . Final: We would go back
The Grand Lux Cafe, located in the luxurious Palazzo hotel, offers a wide variety of food and is open daily from 6:00 a.m. to the wee hours the next morning.   This restaurant is spacious and nicely appointed.    . . My wife, I, and another couple stopped there after an evening show to have something light to eat.  My wife and I split a BLT sandwich accompanied by French fries.  The food was delicious and the amount was just right.  The bacon was very savory with a good texture, the toasted Italian-style sliced bread was crunchy and flavorful, and the fries crisp and tasty.  . . One person in our group had dietary restrictions.  Although our waitress was very helpful, she could not answer all of that person's questions so she brought the manager to our table.  The manager was extremely helpful and spent a considerable amount of time answering all of this person's questions and assisting in making the proper food selections.   . . The Grand Lux is recommended for the quality of food, first-rate service, and relaxed setting.
Great food with veggie options that r tasty!
i really liked this place, but just under 5 stars cause of inconsistent service. okay, their service wasn't at a snails-pace, but it just could have been a bit better. other than that, no real complaints. solid prices for Vegas, minimal-to-zero wait, huge portions and really hearty, stick-to-your-ribs food, well above my expectations and previous review at Studio Cafe.
Yummy restaurant, but painfully slow service............. . First time we were there, it took forever to get the bread! That's after asking for it too. And our drinks...... Took like 20 minutes! 20!!!!!!! . The food was good, my boyfriend had something with chicken, pasta and shrimp, and I had the spaghetti carbonara.. . The next day I ordered pick up and brought it up to the room. The pancakes are delicious, so is their chilaquiles. Perfect hangover food.
Very good spot for chilaquiles.. . This version of chilaquiles is:. . Eggs Scrambled with Tortilla Chips, Red and Yellow Peppers, Chiles, Onion and Tomato Covered with Ranchero Sauce, Corn, Black Beans, Avocado, Cilantro and Pepper-Jack Cheese. . We had very good service and the ambiance is nice.
Do you love the Cheesecake Factory? If so, you will LOVE the Grand Lux Cafe. I have been here 50+ times since I moved here 3 years ago and I plan to continue to go here. . . The food is consistently awesome. I normally get a lunch sized salad and a cup of their soup. My boyfriend is a big fan of the sandwiches and the pasta dishes. I find that the regular size portions are too big for me, but the lunch sizes are just perfect. The appetizers are all very good as well. . . Try to avoid the weekend mornings as they are extremely busy. If you use MyFitnessPal for weight loss, many of their entrees are listed on there.
This is a lunch staple when we are doing conventions in The Venetian/Sands. It's close to the show floor, the food is good and the prices are reasonable. It's got something for everyone and is nice enough for a business lunch. The Pasta Telephono has never disappointed.
Everytime I visit this location it is super busy but they always manage to get me seated right away! I love coming to this particular one rather than the one inside of the Palazzo. They are both a grand lux however I have always received not only better food but also service at this one! The Grand Lux Margarita has got to be one of the best margarita's that i've had whenever i've been to a place like Grand Lux! As far as the entree's I really like the Thai Chicken Pizza which was removed from the menu so I eat the Chicken & Waffles depending on the night i order it, it's either really bland or over seansoned. The fish basket is also another good choice.
HUGE portion.. Get ready to get stuffed. . Make sure to NOT order too much...lol
This place has a very versatile menu and every time I go the food is delicious.. . There are two; one in the Venetian and one in the Palazzo. I think that the venetian location is more private and the tables aren't so close to each other compared to the Palazzo one.. . As soon as you're seated you are brought a warm basket of bread and butter to hold you over while you browse the full menu. This place wont let you down and is a must try!
The Grand Lux Cafe is located in The Venetian Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas. The Venetian for those of you who may not know, is a very beautiful resort. There are beautiful interior features and rooms, a fabulous casino and a lot of places to dine at. There is something for everyone, from high end restaurants to snack bars. To each his own and I'm sure that even the most demanding diner will enjoy one of the restaurants. For me, I love coming to the Grand Lux Cafe because it has an upscale feel to it without the pricey menus. The fare is reasonable for resort dining and it's a very comfy atmosphere. . . I came here for dinner on this particular evening and we were seated promptly. Upon being seated, the waitress took our drink orders, customary green bottle and water with a lemon wedge. A basket with fresh baked bread was also served. Next we proceeded to decide on what appetizer to have. We agreed on this creation called a Double Stuffed Potato Spring Roll. Let me tell you, it's awesome! Imagine a lumpia wrapper with mashed potatoes in it, served halved, crispy with melted cheese and topped with green onions, applewood bacon and a sour cream dipping sauce... I was absolutely in appetizer heaven! Probably not something you can partake in everyday, but a must when you are on vacay and enjoying dining out!  For dinner, I settled on the Ribeye and my dining companion had the Shrimp Scampi served on a bed of Pasta... I ordered the Ribeye medium rare, and that's the way I got it! Now that made me a happy diner. Now, it's not easy to prepare a Ribeye because you can't see it cooking inside, but they do a great job here. I was impressed because it wasn't a thick piece and the thinner they are, the harder they are to prepare. I glanced over at my dining companion and saw that she was happily enjoying her Scampi. There were lot's of generous sized shrimp and the pasta looked delicious! We enjoyed our dinner here and as for dessert, well, there wasn't any room left! Definitely a favorite whenever in Vegas, I shall return next trip!
On our last morning in Vegas, my two friends and I decided to stop by the Venetian to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe before driving back to San Diego. We wanted to fill up on some yummy food and be able to make it home without stopping to eat. Boy, did that plan work!. . After looking through the massive menu (you can tell this place is related to the Cheesecake Factory, so many choices), I decided to order the Chicken Parmesan lunch special. Advertised as a lunch sized portion, I figured it would be perfect for me to eat and not have too much left over. I'm still trying to figure out who the portion was meant for...a 300-lb man, perhaps? There was no way this little lady would ever be able to eat this in one sitting! In fact, Ibrought it home and made two more meals out of it!. . That said, the chicken parmesan was wonderful! Unlike others that tend to be dry, this was moist and flavorful. The pasta needed a bit more sauce for my liking (I like it dripping in it), but the waitress happily brought me a side of marinara. Priced at $13 or $14 (I can't remember), it was a great deal!. . Be prepared to wait awhile for your food but at least they offer complimentary bread and butter to snack on.
One of our favorite places to eat.  Asian nachos are the bomb.  Personal favorite is the chicken and waffles.  Dropped it a star because the seafood wasn't up to par for Vegas food.
On the upside;. -food was great! (Got the chicken and waffles). -great ranch and BBQ sauce!. -clean. -did not get charged when I had to change my order after it was made. -manager offered me some more bread while I waited for my food to be corrected, very kind. . On the downside;. -out waiter this particular day was exhausted and thus the service lacked , not to mention we had to look at our food . for 5 min because he forgot to give us silverware . . Overall do recommend. Their menu is great and has a great variety. The burgers are huge and the salmon is awesome!
Someone told me the Grand Lux was just like the Cheesecake Factory and they were right.  Lots to choose from.  Breakfast menu servedall day long, lunch and dinner.  I opted for the cheeseburger (pregnancy craving) with the sweet potatoe fries.  YUM YUM YUM.  Hubby had the chicken and waffles and he cleaned his plate! :)  . . But again, if you've been to a Cheesecake Factory, it's pretty much the same experience minus the decor.
It's been a while since I've been to Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian.  To me, it's still one of the most reliable late night dining spots on the Strip.  Their late night menu is still pretty impressive with a vast selection of burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, and even some Asian and Mexican specialties.. . On the night that I went though, I wasn't too hungry, but I wanted to fill my stomach with something to cap of the night before going back to my hotel.  So I settled with ordering their Short Rib Sliders.. . Short Rib Sliders --  http://bit.ly/11dsW4p. I was pretty impressed that it came with four sliders instead of the usual two or three.  And these sliders were pretty loaded with chopped up short ribs.  Good stuff and these definitely hit the spot and satisfied my late night cravings.. . Once again, the Grand Lux Cafe never fails to disappoint for late night eats.
Had several meals and were all pretty good. A glorified diner, but food was fresh and unique.
It was our first night in Las Vegas. We weaved in and out of casinos, losing track of time and space and after a few hours, our stomachs begged for nourishment. Our problem? It was 3am. We walked the strip, discouraged by the quick stop places that were open and even had the "Dennys" conversation but alas as we slithered through another casino it seemed there was a place open for business and that place was the Grand Lux Cafe.The restaurant could have used better lighting but then again it could be seen as "romantic" atmosphere. Perhaps so much so that the patrons at the table next to ours may have gotten so lost in their own world, they forgot other people around them can hear their bedroom conversations.  I've never met the woman before but I now have a great knowledge of her working woman parts. I did lose my appetite quite quickly and luckily we decided to take our meals back to the hotel but I can't complain too much, it's Vegas!. . Pros: Best fettuccine Alfredo I have ever eaten in my life. Open late. Fast seating and service.. . Cons: Can be very noisy. But c'mon, it's Vegas, baby!
I've eaten a late night apring roll appetizer when our flight was delayed getting in to Vegas. The food was excellent, the services was so-so.. . Next morning, my husband & I had breakfast from the menu before I headed off to my  conference. I took 30 minutes to get our food. Again, the food was very good, but the service was so-so. . . Today, we had breakfast from the buffet and it was very good. Again, the service was so-so, except for the persons working the buffet area. The guy making the omelets there was excellent.. . It has not been terribly crowded on the times we've been there. Longest wait time to get seated was about 5 minutes. The wait staff just seem uninterested in their jobs...
We got seated right away for breakfast.  I love the Grand Lux in Chicago, and this one is just as good.
Almost exactly like the cheesecake factory (sister co) except in Vegas on the strip. We ate here twice the last time we stayed at the Venetian. The food choices are excellent no matter when you go and they are open 24 hours, so perfect for that hangover cure.
For a large, casino based restaurant, this place is great. We have been here at least 20 times through the years. The food is nearly always very good and if there is a problem, they do fix it. The walk from the covered parking is a bit long so it will take awhile if you are in high heels.
This is basically a 24-hour Cheesecake Factory, but better, by virtue of it being IN THE VENETIAN.. . We kicked off our Vegas trip here, after arriving around 11. Definitely started the trip off right with some surprisingly tasty cocktails - the Pineapple Smash was so awesomely summer, and the Shoot The Moon beer cocktail was really great as well. . . For food, the waiter accidentally brought me the Spicy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, instead of the Spicy Flat Bread Chicken Sandwich I ordered. BUT IT'S OKAY, because he apologized profusely and gave us a complimentary dessert at the end. The buffalo chicken sando itself was spicy and friend and huge and perfect, and I am certainly glad about his mistake. I also tried my friend's kobe burger and it was really, REALLY tasty. One note, though: don't come here when you're counting calories.. . For (free!) dessert, the waiter brought out a Warm Butter Cake, which was, frankly, THE BEST. It tasted sort of like a waffle not in a waffley shape, and the ice cream and strawberries just really completed it.. . Overall, definitely an choice place for some late night dining, if you can excuse having deja vu of your local Cheesecake Factory.
cheesecake factory's another name!  I dragged my bf to come here w me because this place had over thousand reviews.  hahahhaha  it was pretty good in terms of price, taste, and convenience(located in the Venetian hotel).  also huge portion!  you def. need a box for your left over food.
For the chicken tomato pasta, the portion was huge enough for 2 people to share. It was very flavorfull and would have never thought it was coming from "cheesecake factory". . The turkey half sandwich with a chicken and muahroom cream soup and surpprised when it came with a little salad as well. The sandwich was basic nothing special the soup was yummy.  . I asked for no mayo...I got plenty of mayo... so I sent that ish back but our server was nice :)
The best part of my stay at the Venetian! The best beer prices in the overly priced hotel. The buffalo chicken rolls (appetizer menu) were awesome! Great place to grab a bite to eat any time of day! Staff very friendly,
Owned by Cheesecake Factory - similar menu but a little bit different.  No wait on a Friday afternoon which was a plus.  Service was fair - our waitress was not very friendly or attentive which would have been ok if we weren't first time visitors to the restaurant and Vegas!
I was at a conference at the Venetian so I thought Grand Lux would be a great place to enjoy a lunch in between meetings. It was very crowded on a Monday afternoon but there is ample seating at tables or booths so I was seated right away. There are plenty of friendly and competent servers to make the meal time pleasant. Now the menu can be a bit overwhelming with all its choices so don't feel like you have to chose the very first item that catches your eye. Make sure to read the menu carefully. My mai tai ended up costing more than my soup, salad, 1/2 sandwich combo cost, but it was a GIANT drink. My only gripe about GLC is that they always seem to have it so dark in there! I would like to see my food and my company while I enjoy my meal.
Came on a Friday mid-day. We were seated right away and the server gave us plenty of time to decide.. . . The pre-meal bread was very yummy. The menu is very extensive and there was so much to choose from. My friend and I settled with the Asian Nachos.. Very yummy! Definitely good to split. They were very rich.. . I would come back here. Decent prices for the strip and something for everyone.
From a night of dancing @ XS. . . we sure work up an appetite! Thank goodness this remains open during the wee hours! I always look fwd 2 Vegas trips and eating here!. We arrived here around 2am. . . located in the venetian.. A grp of six hungry girls. . . I ordered the garden omelet- it came with hashbrowns and a choice of toast, bagel or English muffin. . . i got a bagel.. The omelet was filled with tons of veggies and cheese.  The egg was prepared light.  . Very mouthwatering!. Servings are HUGE! . Service was a bit slow. . . but very friendly.  . Thanks for being open late!
This place is delicious and I look forward to my next visit.  Vegas is always hot and humid, so venturing for food becomes quite a hassle and chore.  Luckily there are great places like Grand Lux Cafe that will spare you some time.  There is one inside The Pallazo and another inside The Venetian.  . . The first time I came to Grand Lux I had one of their chicken sandwiches with fries, about $13.  Its fairly big and pacts quite a punch.  I was stuffed for hours and even had to nap shortly after.  This last time I tried the burger melt, about $13.50, which also comes with fries.    The burger melt oozed from side to side with hot melted cheese and thousand island.  Every bite tasted just, if not better, than the last.  I highly recommend the burger melt if you're interested in a burger.  I got mine medium rare and it was delicious. . . Service was pretty fast and efficient.  This will have to be a must for me next time I'm in Vegas
I can see how this place reminds people of the Cheesecake Factory: similar decor and huge menu. Fortunately, the food is a lot better! We came here after finding out that Bouchon Bistro closes for lunch at 2pm, so started out a disappointing experience. . . My husband ordered a cheeseburger and I, eating for 3, got the fried chicken and mashed potatoes. WOW, the food was great!  We started with the spinach and cheese dip that had artichokes in it and was served with a nicely spiced salsa.. . My chicken came super crispy, but still very juicy. My husband's burger was a perfect med well and he really liked it. We were both happy, even though we'd wanted to eat at BB.. . I took the rest of my chicken to go and gave it to a guy sitting outside the casino and he said he enjoyed it as well, so I wanted to be sure to put that in my review.  Service was a little spotty. Hard to find out waiter sometimes because the place is so huge and drink refills were slow to come.  Not sure we'll be back because there are so many great places to eat in Vegas, but happy to know this place is there.
After a night out at Tao, my party split. Some were too drunk to continue the night, while others (including myself) held it together and carried on! I had the pleasure of staying at The Venetian, so we thought... Why go out to The Strip where it's incredibly hot? So we started looking... . . I'm not a big fan of going to sit-down places in Vegas; I really don't see the point. But the food court only had two places open - none of which seemed appealing. Luckily, a worker of the Venetian walked by us, so I (probably drunkly) walked up to her and asked if there were any other places that we could eat. She was really nice, pointed at Grand Lux, and said, "It's REALLY good." I was sold. . . We walk in (party of four) and are immediately seated. Our server is VERY nice and attentive - and please keep in mind this was around 3 am - so I really doubt he wanted to be there. I forgot his name, but the guy was awesome. . . Onto food: We ordered the BLT sandwich, someone else ordered a burger, and per the servers recommendation, someone ordered Asian nachos (AMAZING, btw). I ordered the Bacon-Cheese burger(!!!!!). . . The Asian nachos were freaking amazing... They're made with crispy friend wontons, covered with chicken, sweet peanut sauce, and wasabi cream and melted cheese! The plate comes with about ten of them, and we were all able to get one and enjoy it. It's just crispy goodness! Very yummy. . . My Bacon-Cheese burger was freaking good. I just reviewed GR's BurGR, and I was really unimpressed with the service and food. My burger was a disappointment. Luckily, I had come to the GLC the night before, so this burger was still on my mind. I ordered it well done, and it was made perfectly. It's ANGUS beef with crispy bacon, melted American cheese, grilled onions, and mayo. I really recommend it! I was starving, and yet, I couldn't even finish it. It was huge! The fries that it came with were meh, but nothing a little ranch can't fix. . . Overall, I can recommend this place for lunch or at least for the Asian nachos and burger that I ordered. The service was GREAT, but the time it took to get our food was a bit long... No matter. He kept checking on us, and made sure that our drinks were filled. That alone is good enough for me.
One of the best places on the strip for a 24/7 cafe. I have always frequented this place because their selection of food at ridiculous hours is pretty good. You have your burgers, breakfast, the classic BLT, desserts and cocktails. Everyone comes here after their clubbing or gambling. This one is located in the Venetian and is spacious and the people who work the graveyard shift are peppy and upbeat.. . We had a breakfast sandwich that was delicious and was recommended by our server. I only ate half of it and saved it for later. The servers are awesome, or at least the one we had, was cool. THe ambience is like a Cheesecake factory.. . Definitely recommend this place, go check it out.
Always come here every visit to Las Vegas.  I love the bread and most items on the menu are a good value plus taste good.  This time I was prompted to write a review because Julian the waiter went WAY beyond.  It was my daughter's birthday and they don't give out free desserts or sing but he heard it was her birthday and he brought out a plate with whipped cream, a sugary wafer thing and chocolate syrup writing out "happy birthday"....not an amazing dessert but it was just the thought and the fact that he did it.  It meant a lot to her!  Thanks.  As far as the food.  I love the lunch special chicken piccata and the lunch size Southwestern Salad!  Both great.
Let's call Grand Lux what it is ... a slightly nicer Cheesecake Factory! The menu is pretty much the same (with noticeable name changes), the service is slightly better and the ambiance is just a smidge nicer! Overall good food, good service and they were able to seat our rather large party quickly, so go Grand Lux!
The portions are huge! The food is pretty good too! The menu is really large and service was pretty fast. I felt like I barely put a dent in my pasta and the bf's chicken was a huge plate.
The best 24/7 restaurant you'll find for late night cravings.  Pasta and steak were all delicious, and so were the cocktail drinks! So glad there's Grand Lux Cafe in Dallas! Can't wait to come back.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The choices are extensive and the quality of the food is quite good.  I haven't had a bad meal yet.  I'm extremely disappointed that two of my favorite dishes have been removed from the menu, the Italian sub and the Wedge Salad.  Why?  The combination plates are fabulous and way to much to eat, as with most of their meals.  Make room for the Red Velvet Cake, the best desert ever.
I like this place for the food and reasonable prices.  It is nice to take a couple steps away from the casino and have a good meal.  The staff is always helpful and breakfast is really good.  I recommend the Protein Breakfast.
Whoa. Yelped something for some late night grubbery and thisplace popped up on Yelp.  There are two locations.  One at the Venetian and one at the Palazzo.  In essence, they're right next to each other.. . Ordered some appetizers.  NOTE!  One appetizer is as big as a meal.  The calamari was just nicely breaded and had a nice bite to them.  The two sauces the calamari comes with is good!  Also got the chicken quesadillas.  This is not your typical chicken quesadilla.  You are probably imaging a flour tortilla and some diced up chicken breast and some cheese.  Not this.  It had three layers.  Some shredded chicken with a nice kick to it.  Some green chiles and cheese.. . My only gripe was that we got sat near the entrance and I had to flag our waitress down every single time.  One for water.  One to get our orders taken.  Another to ask for some condiments.  Another for our check.  She was more interested in helping the table of 10 obnoxious guys next to us.. . All the other tables seemed to be tended to.  It is what it is.
Grand Lux has always been my go-to spot whenever I'm around the vicinity. Whether I'm staying at Venetian, or even a little bit further out like at TI or Encore, I always make that extra walk to eat here.. . I really enjoy dining here for a quick meal. It's opened late, they have a big variety of different foods, and the service is always on point. The restaurant is quite big inside though it doesn't look that way outside of the front. It's great bc I never had to wait for a ta. . I think I come here at least one or two lunches when I want to eat something decently good. Their salads and sandwiches are perfect for lunch. Also, I always find myself here when I'm hungry at odd hour like 10-11pm at night.. . I really enjoy eating at Grand Lux. I honestly think you can't go wrong with dining here. They have something for EVERYONE. Their menu is quite extensive so even the pickiest eater can find something they like at Grand Lux. I highly recommend their sandwiches for lunch and pastas or big plates like their meatloaf for dinner or even 4th meal. Lol. You can't go wrong dining here at Grand Lux!!
I went there at 3am? with my friends -  we ordered a pasta (i can't remember the name...) but it was delicious! Our server was super nice and friendly!
After reading the reviews for this place, I decided that it was worth trying as we were checking out The Venetian anyway. I got the Kobe burger which was really good! The meat was nice and juicy and the fries were crispy and crunchy. This came with shittake mushrooms, caramelized onions, and a side of togarashi aioli. The BF got the Italian grinder which I had a bite of, and it was really good as well!. . Prices are about $12-$15 average for entrees, which I think is a good price for the food and relatively quick service considering how busy it was.
24 hours open...all u need in Vegas!. . We were at the Vanetian and in need of food as we had been without any since dinner so decided to go to this one based on the review we read and we were not a bit disappointed.. We were there around 6 AM. That time we only had the option on breakfast buffet.. The buffet was pretty amazing with many options. The guy will make an omelet as per your customization and it is pretty heavy! I was almost full by the end of it!. tried a couple of pastries and cakes and all were amazing.. I definitely would like to go there again. $18 for all you can eat is a good enough deal too.
The food here is a hit or miss.  Some things on the menu are better than others.  I had eaten here several times in all hours of the day and middle of the night.  The price is decent.  It's like a mini Cheesecake Factory open 24hrs.  So for really late like 5am after club dining get the pho soup, pasta, or burger.  The salads and soups I's pass.
Fresh sqeezed orange juice with breakfast.  Could taste the cheddar cheese
Been here a couple time.  Great food.   Huge portions.   Dirty silverware a couple time :(
Delicious!  I had the pan seared salmon and the Asian nachos.  WOW.  . . Service was great and I had plenty of refills, never had to ask.  Great experience, I will be back.
For a casual spot to eat, this is the best you will find.  The food was excellent and portion sizes were nice (not too huge, but enough to have leftovers if you wanted to make two meals out of one). I found the staff to be especially friendly here and there was no wait when we stopped in (just after 11:30am on Wednesday).  The prices are comparable to every place else that isn't a major chain but the quality of the food was much, much better than a lot of the other places we ate.  Their menu is vast with something to please everyone and they have a small selection of breakfast items after 11am while many other places do not have ANY breakfast offerings at all after that time.  The next time we're in town we will definitely be back.
Never had a bad meal here. Burgers are good. The location in the Venetian is always open.
We came here for breakfast every day while we were in Vegas, mostly because it was conveniently located so close to our hotel and we wanted to get to shopping and gambling ASAP. . . We tried the eggs benedict,  breakfast sandwich, and corned beef hash. The star of the show was definitely the corned beef hash. They use huge chunks of corned beef, none of that stuff you get in a can! I shared some with my family and they loved it too! The eggs benedict was okay, I couldn't put my finger on what was missing. It may have been that the slice of ham was too thin or something was missing in the hollandaise. Regardless, the food was good enough to keep us coming back! . . Try to get there before 9. We went around 8:30 on both days and didn't have to wait, but on our way out we saw a huge line.
If you've ever been to a Grand Lux (or really, even a Cheesecake Factory), then you know what to expect. This is nothing extraordinary, but the menu is giant and everything I've tried has been good. It can be pretty noisy during peak times.. . I went twice for lunch, and got lunch specials both times. The lunch portions are GIANT, so don't worry about leaving hungry (especially since meals come with free bread baskets). The first time I tried the lunch-size pizza + salad. The pizza was a little on the greasy/soggy side, but still pretty tasty. The second time I came alone and sat at the bar, and I tried the Southwest chicken salad. Really tasty, but a little heavy-handed on the dressing.. . Both times the wait staff were very attentive. Prices are very reasonable ($10-$12 for lunch). I was staying in the Venetian and the Grand Lux was right by my elevator bank. I don't know that I would seek it out, but if you're nearby it's definitely a solid choice: good food, good prices.
Bread pudding is a must have. Of course their cheesecake is great, but I was shocked how good the bread pudding was. . . Nice staff. Had an awesome waitress named Gina H, who was very helpful in any touristy questions my family and I had (not just on the food in the restaurant which she also knew well). . . Definitely will come back.
My go to restaurant whenever I'm in Vegas. This place is awesome and they have food at all hours of the night and even in your room with room service. . . I recently discovered their "to-go" shop tucked right next door to the restaurant. They have the best turkey Havarti sandwich that I like to get when I'm arriving late and am hungry. I always stay at the Venetian so it is very convenient. . . Their fruit cups there are also tasty when you feel like eating light and healthy to try to look good in that bikini for all you ladies. . . Great place to eat. Highly recommended
Went here for dinner last night, as we were staying at the Venetian, and it was right near the elevator to our room. The girl who seated us was very friendly, but I knocked a star for the waitress. She seemed to have went on break or something, she didn't really come back for much, and it took a while to get refills. My sisters boyfriend had to get up and ask for drinks at one point. The food was spectacular! I had the chicken royale, and it was one of the best things I've tried in a while. Later in the night, we ran down for a late night slice of cheesecake, and it was so creamy & delicious. I would definitely come back, the food is worth the slow service.
I'm giving Grand Lux a 4 star rating mainly for being at the right place and at the right time. That place and time was for a late night snack after drinking and running around the strip.. . The food and price is good. Not amazing, but it's basically Cheesecake Factory. So expect that quality.. . The real trick is that they have take out next door. So.... After about 1:30am in Vegas, we all know either food joints shut down or they have huge lines. And grand luxe did. So maybe I'm reviewing the wrong place, but I know the food was from grand lux.. . Next door n the little cafe, you can order take out. And they have a perfect selection of perfectly creamy and satisfying pastas. . . Pasta carbonara is always a winner. They'll load you up. You can feed one very hungry and drunk man. Two small drunk men and prob three to four small .... Kids?. . They load you up with bread too.. . We were done showering, eating comfortably in pj's in our room while our friends just finally got seated at the oyster bar over at imperial station.... Which I might add... We drove back from because the wait was so long...
You should know Grand Lux is part of CheeseCake Factory.  If you're like me and don't prefer to frequent chains while on vacation, this would've been good to know ahead of time.  As we were looking at the menu, one of us even commented on how Grand Lux seemed liked a Cheesecake copycat . . until we noticed the Cheesecake Factory screen saver on the cashier monitors and confirmed it with our server.. . Still, I'm not taking anything away from the quality of their food.  Just like CF, the food is high quality but like CF there's little regard for healthfulness of the preparation so I'm sure everyone of our dishes were close to 2,000 calories.. . GL is open 24 hours so a good option for late night munchies.
Food is GREAT!!!! Love this location...always a must when in Vegas!  . . Only negative would be the service and it is hit or miss depending on the day.. . Must have: Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls. . ***Please bring one back to Vegas!!
Large selection of tasty food. Crab omelette was very good.
The Garden Fresh omelet was amazing.  My server was fantastic although the general feel of the staff was unhappy.  No one smiled at anyone except the person they were serving at the time, not even each other.. . The only bad thing was the coffee was just ok.  I had hoped for better!
Great late night food option after a long night of clubbing at Tao or Lavo. The restaurant is located towards the back end of the Venetian on the casino level. It's a fairly big restaurant so I've never seen the wait get that long to get in. The food is pretty good; comparable to Cheesecake Factory, which is the parent company of Grand Lux. I usually order the fettuccine alfredo ($14.95). The portion sizes are big, so you should't go overboard on the food; plus they give out bread too. My friend got the calamari which was also quite tasty. Overall, a quality restaurant serving as a 24 hour coffee shop for the Venetian and the Palazzo.
Relatively quiet and inexpensive place hidden away in the Venetian.  They are part of the Cheesecake Factory and have the same good quality food that their parent company has.  I've been here for breakfast and dinner.  Service is always very good and friendly.
Their foods are pretty good here. We had a large party but was seated right away for lunch. Not sure if it was because we were in a big groups our waitress wasn't so attentive to. Their portion of foods were pretty big here and tasted pretty good. Where I didn't even realized they brought me the wrong order until I already dogged in (maybe because I was too hungry) but it tasted goods so I'm not complaining. Hahah but overall if you want a quick meal after the long night you had, definitely try here.
I went four star just because the first Grand Lux in the Palazzo was out of eggs bennies. Out? Hmmmm.. . So I walked over to the Venetian Grand Lux and sat at the bar and had fantastic eggs bennie. Huge portion and the eggs were perfect. Good hash browns and the menu goes on and on. The drinks looked great and the French toast next to me looks huge and really good. I did not reach over and have a taste, but was tempted.. . Good experience considering how much food they put out! I'll go back. Maybe for lunch..
We went to the Grand Lux for breakfast on our last morning and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the "express" breakfast which was a breakfast buffet.  It was a simple buffet with a decent amount of choices.  Omelette, or eggs in any style you wanted prepared, toast, fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, pastries, bacon, hash browns, and oatmeal.  After having gone to the larger buffets this was a welcomed change as the foood was fresh, warm and tasty.  It was fairly reasonably priced compared to the other breakfasts we had on the strip.
A great place but similar to Cheesecake Factory. It is a sister restaurant.  Very nice service and great food.
If you are on the Paleo diet/ lifestyle, it is sometimes hard to find a place to eat out.  This place fits the bill.  They will accommodate special requests.  I had the grilled salmon and double portions of asparagus.  I was a happy camper. My husband was also happy because he could order virtually anything he wanted.. . I come here everyone I am in Vegas!
Quick Tips:. . 1. Pretty easy for you to get in very quickly on almost any day. There is also a location on the Palazzo side near the elevators to the rooms that is a little less busy.. . 2. The theme of the restaurant and even the menus scream Cheesecake Factory to me, but the restaurant has very much it's own character.. . 3. Open all night! A great destination to unwind from post-clubbing shenanigans.. . I love the Grand Luxe Cafe because the times that I've gone there, the servers are not only friendly and willing to give suggestions, but also they are efficient and quick.. . Vegas is all about moving from one place to the next, sleeping, and then starting all over the next day. Grand Luxe offers the time for people to cool their heels with decent, quality food. My girlfriend usually orders a pasta dish, while I always try something more adventurous since we're always on a vacation.. . It's so sad, but they took away one of my favorite menu items, a carribean style jerk pork chop dish. It had amazing textures and flavors through it, but I guess it wasn't really a popular choice among diners. Anyways, back to other foods, you will always leave Grand Luxe stuffed since the portions are huge and the food is pretty yummy.. . One of the things that I really like about Grand Luxe is the price. Though it's $15-18 a plate, the food is still cheaper than dining at most of the sit-down restaurants across the strip. Furthermore, it's not like we waited for more than 10 minutes to get into the place. If it is too busy, and you are willing to do a bit of a walk, you can get to the Palazzo side that sees much less customers.. . Anyways, I hope you guys try out Grand Luxe Cafe!
I actually visited Grand Lux twice on my 5 day vacation in Vegas. One time with a large group and once after a night of clubbing! Both experiences were pretty good!. . Everyone is spot on with the Cheesecake comparison. If you've been there it's pretty much the same here. Inexpensive, large plates, and plenty of items to choose from. . The first night I ordered the "Shaking Beef" and my late night meal was chicken & waffles. . The shaking beef was pretty good. Nice chunks of beef, red onions, green onions, and white rice. Definitely liked the kick it had to it.. The chicken and waffles were ok. Nothing spectacular but it fulfilled my late night craving!. . Next time I club it up at TAO or Lavo I will definitely return. I don't know if I would consider it a "go to" spot for me but it's cool. If you're on a budget this is a great place to dine because there are MANY options under 20$ Not bad for Las Vegas!
Not bad. Pretty much like Cheesecake factory. Breakfast buffet seems to be empty half an hour prior to closing, so we ordered off the menu. The portions were huge. I swear, those were not 3 eggs. If it was, then those were some dinosaur eggs. Wifey got some kind of pasta. It had bacon in it and was kinda salty. Overall, not bad. I liked it. . . PROS: Dinosaur eggs and large portions of everything. . . CONS: Don't refill breakfast buffet half hour before closing.
Food was fantastic. I are there for both breakfast and for dinner and both had great food. Would have had 5 stars, but heard a lot of moaning and groaning from the servers when they thought people would not be able to hear...
Walking around trying to find a "foodie" grade restaurant that wasn't going to break the bank, we stumbled across this cafe/restaurant in the Venetian Hotel. . . The restaurant itself was HUGE and we were kind of skeptical at first, because we had long written off Vegas as a foodie tragedy, but this cafe pleasantly surprised us. According to the waitress the bread was organic and made on site, all the sauces and salad dressings were made there and even the service was five star! This was my third visit to Vegas and my husband's many and both of us had a smile leaving this restaurant after our meal. . . Price was right too. For once, I didn't leave  thinking I was taken a advantage of.
I have eaten at this restaurant several times. I always LOVED it because of the variety of food they offer. I went twice last week. First time by myself and sat at the bar. The bartender was clearly only focused on his serving of the waiters and didn't care much about the folks at the bar eating a meal. So service wasn't great. I had the beet salad. If was very good but too big...wish they had smaller side salads to offer. I had the garlic and shrimp pasta as my main dish. It was fine.. . A couple of nights later I went in with my friend for dinner. That time we had a fabulous server who was top notch. I wish I could remember her name as she was really right on point. We had the asian nachos for an appetizer. I had dreams about them they were SO good. We also had some spring rolls and they were good as well. For dinner I had spaghetti again. I ended up being so full that I through it away when I got back to the room. Never did eat it. I did have a bite or two and it was typical pomodoro. My friend had an  Asian bowl of soup. It was huge and looked delicious. She enjoyed it very much as well.. . This is a wonderful go to restaurant. It is moderately priced compared to some of the other options and the food choices are amazing. And quality of food is very good! I am a fan of the Grand Lux restaurants.
Okay...I know it's a chain but Grand Lux is my go after clubbing spot in Vegas!  It's under the Cheesecake Factory family.  I'm absolutely in love with the Buffalo Chicken Rolls!  If you like buffalo wings, you'll definitely love these!  I love dipping them in extra buffalo sauce as well.  And, they actually taste even better cold in the morning when you're nursing a hangover!  :)  PS. There's one at the Palazzo as well but this is the one that opens 24/7!
This place reminds of Cheesecake Factory because the architectural design is so elegant.  It would of been nice if they had the brought the warm bread earlier.  I was disappointed that this Grand Lux Cafe didn't have the dessert (beignet) that I had been waiting to try.  According to our waiter, only the one in Palazzo had it.  Despite the disappointment with the dessert, the food portion is huge.  This is a nice place for big and small groups.
I prefer the Palazzo side.  We were seated at the bar side and our server was really enthusiastic about his job.  The wings are really good.  Crab cakes were too sweet.  Flatbread was great.  A lot of food for a very good price.
