I loved the decor and the whole layout of this hotel.  Rooms are on par with the best on the strip which is expected for this high end stay.  Great service and if you ever get to use the VIP service, do enjoy.
Sightseeing location #5: Aria . . +: new, modern feel; Crystal shopping mall of cool ice sculptures; beautiful waterfall in front of hotel . -: we thought the Crystal mall was an exhibit of crystals... . Aria is a beautiful and contemporary hotel. Everything has a feeling of freshness to it. There's also a great bakery inside with delicious gelato. YUM-O! It is also located around the middle of the strip, so it's easy to get to other places from here.
This hotel is located at the City Centre.  It was the first time I have been to CityCenter well.  Being that as it may, I was impressed with the architecture driving in to Aria.  You do have to stay on the left hand side as you enter and it is a bit awkward once you go into the parking garage so follow the signs.. . Setting and layout depicts a futuristic/contemporary faucade.  Behind all this is typical Vegas.  You have shopping nearby at Crystals, though there are high end stores that are out of reach for the average joe.. . There is convenient transportation from Aria to the adjacent hotels and Crystals using the monorail.  Even getting to Bellagio is not a far stretch.. . There is also a Convention Center here.  Convention Center staff was friendly as they help guest during the event, whether it is with the food or helping those trying to get directions around Aria.  There are Flat Panel LCDs in front of the Convention Center rooms for the event schedules.  They definitely provide top notch service.. . Layout within Aria is a bit confusing.  In the center of the hotel is the casino.  You can easily get disoriented and get confused which way it is to the parking garage.. . There is a decent choice of restaurants as well as a buffet.  Our stay at Aria was business and much of the pleasure was not spent eating at the various restaurants.  The only one we frequently went to was Jean Philippe for the pastries and crepes.. . The room we stayed at had a king sized bed.  We asked for a roll away bed for the kids and they provided that in a timely manner.  The kids had fun playing with the controls.  Lights, blinds, and TV can be all turned off via a control center.  From dimming the lights or just adjusting the blinds, all can be done with touch screen.  Kinda cool until you press the wrong button while your wife is watching TV and everything turns off.  So get familiar with the settings so you do not get yelled at.. . The only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of the 5 star is because of the casino and the smoking.  7 years ago, I might have given this hotel a 5 star rating, and I understand that this is Vegas, but when you have kids priorities change.
This hotel has improved significantly since I stayed here for 7 months ago.. . 5 stars for the architecture for sure. The glass windows, lights, water fountain in the front, its very visually stimulating compared to its counterparts on the strip. . . Front Desk - 4 stars Thank you, you actually had your VIP windows filled this time. The other check in line was quite long and I could not speak for that line, but for the hotel invited guests, it was brief and painless.. . Casino- 4 stars I thought the service greatly improved. .  - A cocktail waitress came by much more frequently than they have in the past. . - The dealers, as usually just depend on a case by case basis. We had some good ones. One in particular stood out, but not in a good way. He had this joke where they changed the gambling limit to 25. After my friend fell for it, (she's quite gullible) he continued with these types of jokes, which are haha funny at first, but got annoying quick. He also told my friend to stop plying after she won $100 after starting with $40, but she won so fast, that she was miserable the rest of the time. we obviously came down with a limit to win or lose, please don't tell us what to do.. . Room - 4 stars. -  The all in 1 touch screen is very advanced, but it would not be responsive and not all features were working properly. . - They need to change the music for lovers button for sure because that channel was top 40 w/o a doubt.. - lots of pillows and really comfortable bed, best one I've slept on in Vegas. . Room Bathroom - 4 stars. -So for the younger Vegas goers who go in groups I feel bathroom functionality is essential in a good hotel room. Which means, tub-shower-sink-toilet can all be used simultaneously. Girls stand in the mirror for a while, it would be nice if we could shower or something while they did that.  Aria, at least for the base room, did separate all 3, however the shower does not have the fog glass, so that just depends on how comfortable you are around your friends. also, the tub was not as wide as I would liked it and it is connected to the shower, so you can't really use both. . . Misc. -Bell desk is on the other side of the Casino away from the front desk. -crystals, the mall, looks a lot like a museum, def can have a field day with the camera there. . -room service is really nice. They get my your stuff really quick and call you to make sure you received it.. -timing is not always great. - front desk called at 4am to check if we received our request. thank you for checking, but that telephone was so loud, it sounded like an alarm. . -def need another set of elevators if at all possible, if you are unlucky with the room, good luck with the long walk in heels, or dragging a friend to the room. . -Valets are super nice, and everyone is more than willing to help with directions.. -if you want something cheap and quick, I suggest walking to monte carlo food court next door.
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by my stay. I booked my hotel/flight for 3 nights through Southwest Vacations all for ~$500. But shortly after, reading some reviews got me a bit worried. Here are some things I would like to clarify after reading some reviews.. . 1) Resort Fee - YES. Unfortunately this a trend in Las Vegas. Aria is certainly not the only hotel to have this and unfortunately it is one of the higher resort fees. It gives you access to the Gym, Free internet throughout the ENTIRE casino, some random other things - it does NOT give you access to the spa (my one major let down). The spa facility charges $30 just for entrance.. . 2) Housekeeping - COMES EVERYDAY. I'm not sure who's review it was that I read but they complained about not getting their room serviced... uhm.. definitely not true. Perhaps they forgot they had their "privacy" light on. The control panel by the front door has a button for "Lights" "Privacy" and "Service." They did such a great job cleaning my crap everyday. No complaints from me.. . Now onto some of my observations/experiences.. . - Rooms: SO SPACIOUS! Got a large king bed that was ubbber comfy. I slept so well every night. I loved that there was a button next to the bed labeled "Good Night" and it would 1) turn off all the lights in the room 2) electronically pull the sheer and solid curtain. In the morning, I heard the solid curtain open up. It was a great way to wake up - I didn't have the sun blaring into my eyes but I could still see the daylight. LOVED it.. . - Bathroom: I really loved the bathroom. Nice big tub (big enough for 2) with a nice shower. Great temperature control and pressure. . . - Bathrobes: LIKE A DREAM. Okay I admit.. I pretty much changed out of my regular clothes as soon as I got in to the room just so that I could put on the robe. Yes.. that comfortable.. . - In room service: Okay.. food was so-so... err.. okay so-so may be actually generous. I ordered probably the most bland quesadilla in my life. . . - Rest of the hotel: I really liked having different elevators for different floors. I was on the 25th floor. There were 4 elevators dedicated for just the 25-30th floors. I never waited long. The elevators were amazingly fast and quiet. Pools looked awesome - didn't actually go into them but there were so many different ones.. . **TIP**: expect to pay MORE $$ for any taxi ride going TO aria/cosmopolitan - the road that leads to their front goes through some weird back route and unfortunately that tacks on maybe $4 -5 bucks. If you are coming FROM the airport, take the shuttle that is $6/person one way. The taxi ride will be ~$20. On the other hand, if you are GOING to the airport, its a quick ride ~$12.00.
Awesome Hotel, Mediocre Casino.
Was here for an org retreat and got to stay for pretty much free and the room we got was great. Amazing view of the City Center.  The room was a bit intimate but nice.  Loved how when you open the door, the drapes open, the TV/music turns on (yes, simple pleasures). And yes, I said ooooh. ;p  My friend (the higher roller) had a suite and his bathroom was as big as our room and had an AWESOME view of the strip... from the tub. I would totally be down for nekkid time in that room.. . The casino is quite nice and like the look since it's very modern.
Second stay at the Aria Sky Suites.  Very nice to have a separate check in and concierge service.  Had friends stay in another tower.  Very smoky room and unpleasant stay for them.  Bummer when we were departing as the bellman didn't show up when scheduled and a long wait even after the second request.  Not good when you have to be somewhere on time!
Third trip to Aria... this time stayed in one of Aria's 'Skysuites'. The basic Skysuite room is similar in size and decor with the other regular rooms on the lower levels... but the Skysuite rooms are all located up on higher floors in the center core of the building with views that look over those in front, and out to the horizon. And there's a separate private entrance both from inside and outside the hotel, and Skysuite guests have their own mini lobby and coffee/ snack area...  all very nicely done. . If you're looking to separate yourself from the crowd, this is the place to come.
Vanilla! Vanilla, is the first thing that comes to my mind when I think of this Hotel. I love how it has it's own distinct smell. . . We stayed here for 3 nights in one of our trips last year. The room, was spacious and clean. Just as I expect it to be considering that it's a new hotel. I like how each our room had a view of the pool area and no matter how hot it was outside, with the full glass window our room was still chilled. Having all the space was convenient and nice to have. . . I love their tub with a separate shower. But the bathroom wasn't spacious. Dislike the pillows too, they were too soft for my preference. . . I hope they thought about visitor's parking. I hate the long walk to the garage! I wish, they would of considered the walk.lol . . Aside from that, I will come back to stay here again.
Just walked through while heading to Gold's Lounge but oh it is GORGEOUS in here!!! Definitely out of my price range to stay whilst visiting Sin City but I would LOVE to do it one day!!! Don't be afraid to ask for directions through the maze of halls and corridors because YOU WILL GET LOST!!!
Terrific hotel. Rooms are well appointed.  It's next to the City Center, which has every top brand store in it.  Easy access to lots of restaurants and the casino is very nice.  Several clubs on property too. Definitely will look to stay here again!
What a beautiful property!!! Every design element in Aria is amazing! No plaster statues or fake Egyptian decor here! I would have rated the hotel a 5, but check in really needs to be improved. They had 4 people staffed at reception and there were 4 other empty counters that could have been opened. So, the process took about 15 minutes. Also, cocktail service by the pool was handled by only two waitresses! 25 minutes for a cocktail!!! Why??? Otherwise everything was perfect and we cannot wait to return!!!
I liked this hotel. It had a very modern feel to it throughout the hotel. Our room was spacious and the bed was SO comfortable. The pillows were just the way I have them at home, so it kinda felt like being in my bed at home. A++ I removed a star because we had a nonsmoking room, but we smelled cigarette smoke in the room. I personally hate cig. smoke but it effects my husband more since he has asthma. So shame on you Aria! I think there should be separate air vents for the smoking rooms and the nonsmoking rooms - haha that would be perfection! . . Would I come back? Most definitely.
I stayed here on my girls trip to Vegas.  It's all the trendiness and hospitality you'd expect from a Vegas hotel, with the added benefit of being newer.  You'd never think this was a casino by the smell.  Seriously, they must periodically spritz Vanilla air freshener.  . . The Deluxe Rooms are a comfortable size and the bathrooms are pretty large too.  For female parties: note that there are no electrical outlets near the full-length mirror to get ready.  There's also a $22 per day resort fee that will be added regardless of which third-party company you actually book your stay with.
Me-likee.  . . Yes it has a Gulf of Oman feel to it but it is very clean, new and manageable in size and scope.  I had a great room and loved the technology features which were as current as anywhere I have ever stayed.  We used the conference facilities which were convenient also.  Definitely would return.  They do "spritz" some kind of incense or something though that did not bother me but drove my friend mad.
A newer hotel with modern decor. There are 54 floors and we stayed on the 53rd. We didn't have the view of the strip but the floor to ceiling windows are great! . . Upon entering the room, the curtains automatically open, lights are on, and the TV turns on, basically welcoming you to the hotel. There is also a control panel on the nightstand where you can control the temperature, curtains, TV, and lights. . . Elevators are fast; we never waited longer than about 15 seconds.. . The city center is also very nice with high end designer stores.
It's not the most beautiful, nor the most romantic. It doesn't have the best dining options, nor the best clubs. It doesn't have great shopping, nor a great show. So why do I like ARIA?. . I like ARIA because it's in the center of City Center. The hotel is clean-cut and simple. The restaurants are all safe and pretty solid  (American Fish won't disappoint!). The club Haze is mediocre but they offer plenty of lounges that are quite chill and not overcrowded and don't charge cover (Gold Club upstairs or Deuce downstairs). It has a convenient tram to Bellagio and Monte Carlo.. . Overall the rooms here are all solid and beautiful. Very similar to the rooms at Vdara but missing the kitchenette. Very comfy beds.. . If you want something safe that's still quite high end, Aria is a good choice. If you want high end dining options opt for the Wynn or MGM and if you want good shopping and a more romantic getaway then opt for The Venetian.
Very nice hotel resort to be in.  Love the decor and the location.  It's right smack in the middle of the strip.  I would definitely stay here on my next Vegas trip
Stayed at Aria recently,and was quite pleased.  First, we got a great price at around $100 per night-can't beat that! The location really could not be better--it truly is in the center of the strip, so you're conveniently located to everything!The decor and scent of the hotel are just lovely. I couldn't get over the bath tub/shower area--very nice.  I also loved the electronically controlled blackout blinds.  Although I usually hate paying a resort fee, this one actually didn't bother me, because it includes unlimited gym access, two free cocktails, and wireless internet throughout the facility.  The whole experience at Aria was great, except after hearing so many bad reviews about the buffet and restaurants, I didn't have the heart to eat at the hotel-maybe next time.
Loved this hotel. City center is a GREAT location, and the tram connecting you to Bellagio gives you access to the best buffet, O, and the rest of the strip!. . Dark and modern, hip but classy.. . Definitely will stay again.
I had a great stay at the Aria. The hotel itself is beautiful and is located in a perfect center strip location. Rooms are top-notch, rivaling Bellagio, Wynn & others, in my opinion. All of the staff were friendly and attentive.. . The only negative thing I can say about the Aria is that the table limits are a bit high for someone of my .....ahem....budget. Trying to quell my gambling fix at 10pm on a Tuesday night and finding nothing but $15 minimum tables was a bit of a letdown. I guess that's where Vegas is headed these days, but geez can't you throw us low rollers a bone and open up a $10/table, Aria????
The room was fantastic.  The touchpad that controls everything from the shades and lights to the tv was the highlight for me.  The double closets was a pretty genius touch too.  I usually get one drawer and no hangers (although there still weren't enough hangers, there never are in any hotel, how do you spend $500,000 per room and not have a dozen hangers?) so it was a nice touch that I could have my own space.  . The bathroom was great, huge soaking tub and shower all in one stall.  A great way to make a somewhat small  bathroom still seem luxurious.  . The one star ding was for dining options.  We sometimes opt for a lower grade hotel in Vegas because we have to go twice a year for business.  We love the rooms and comfort level but 30 bucks for coffees and pastries adds up.  None of the super lux hotels can stomach having one or two affordable options for coffee or lunch.  . Still we have stayed in two of the city center hotels so far and they are probably the two nicest hotels we have stayed at in Vegas.
The only thing holding the Aria back from a 5th star in my review is the price.. . The rooms are gorgeous, the shops and restaurants are top notch, and the Casino level smells like vanilla! Aside from a lack of casual dining areas, which causes the existing casual dining areas to get packed at meal times, I loved our stay here.. . The casino is very conemporary and clean. The art throughout the hotel is great, and the surrounding venues are very nice to explore. Stayed during Chinese New Year and loved how it was decked out for Year of the Metal Rabbit!
We went as a group trip so it was relatively cheap. The twin room we stayed was really big, two people can definitely fit into one bed (hmmm,or maybe it was a room for 4 people?!). . . I accidently hurt my leg a day before going there, so I had to ask for a wheelchair from the hotel for the entire trip,SAD,I KNOW!! People are really nice and provide me the wheelchair for free for 2 days and 2 nights. :) . . Casino is on the ground floor...(way to sad to even talk about that).. . But yeah,I enjoyed my stay there! :D
The view from my hotel room was amazing. I love the fact that you can control everything in the room from a touch screen that they have near the bed. The touch screen though is slow to respond and can get annoying at times.. . The hotel is really clean as well. In the casino you don't get that smokey smell unless your shitting next to someone who is smoking.
This place is eye candy!!
This is the second time I've stayed here with the first time being when they first opened.  I like the rooms a lot and that is why I stayed here again.  Control pad as main console that operates everything in your room from lighting, tv, radio, curtains, and privacy/service button.  The rooms are new, spacious, and offers good views of the city.  My only complaint about this place is that the tables are too expensive for me ($10 hands are what I play) and I lost every time I've played here.  Other than that I like its location since it's the middle of the strip and it's easy to get to many locations.  One last bonus was this time they offered $25/day resort credit which can be applied to food and spa activities at Aria and while $25 doesn't sound like a lot, it was nice to have a free breakfast or get a free cocktail
Aria has some good things going for it. As one of the newest additions to the Strip, it's always fun to walk around the new casino floors and to visit the shops. I'll admit that I'm a fan of the classy yet modern theme they went with; however I do wish they had better integrated all the buildings in the new 'City Center'. It's a little annoying that I can't walk easily from Aria to Cosmopolitan when both buildings were essentially built at the same time.. . The rooms were impressive. Anything that used electricity was linked together and could be controlled from a single remote. Setting your alarm to open the blinds and turn on ESPN was pretty neat.. . The rooms did have a couple downsides. The fully-integrated electronics could be a little annoying (ex: navigating the remote to choose a channel to watch was arduous). Also, the bathrooms didn't have any locks for privacy (but they were quite luxuriant).. . All in all, it was a good experience and I'd likely stay there again.
Stayed here for a long weekend with my boyfriend. We were pleased with the room (furniture, media, decoration etc.), the building amenities and overall offering. We spent most of our time in the hotel & the City Center . complex and felt we could easily fill 2-3 days without getting bored there. Very happy they had free Wifi.. . The casino is high quality without the overwhelming glitz some of the other higher end places thrust on you.  We had some excellent dealers who had great rapport. . . Negatives: The beverage service at the tables was colossally slow/spotty. There weren't enough regular restaurants & stores (deli, coffee shop, convenience store). Everything was quite expensive - not that that isn't the standard in vegas, but its still shocking and a negative.
Beautiful casino, very modern, the decor very warm and inviting. We have been here several times and this morning we wanted to try the Buffet for breakfast. My husband had found that it opened at 7am and we are early risers, so off we went to be first in line. . . Well, we were not first, but close. We were asked if we wanted a table with a view, of course we said yes and were escorted to a table by the wall of windows overlooking the pool and spa area. It seemed this was going to be a good experience at this point things were looking very promising. That soon changed. . . As we made our way to the line, we passed in front of the deserts, not much on display but a few pastries, some coffee cakes, and some cookies. Next came salads, there were five choices, with the Asian beef salad being really good, very spicy, I found thick cuts of jalapenos. I liked it. . . I discovered three egg dishes, and a made to order omelet station. The egg and ham dish was runny, just didn't seem seasoned. The breakfast meats including bacon, link sausage and ham. I love bacon, but this wasn't crispy enough for me. There were the usual waffle and cheese blitz dishes. And then there were several meats sliced to order, like turkey, roast beef, and ham, but none of the sides you'd expect to go with them, like yams, green beans etc.... . . I did find bagels with a ton of fresh made cream cheese spreads, everything from salmon to sun dried tomatoes, a limited amount of fresh fruits, like cantaloupe and honeydew melon. But no fresh berries. . . Overall, I would say a disappointment, for the price we paid, I would expect more flavor, the hotel/casino is fantastic, but the Buffet is off my list.
Beautiful inside...nice rooms and some nice restaurants. Don't go to the buffet, pretty yucky.  Love the bartender/drinks at Lemongrass--ask for Shaw (sp?).
The hotel is very nice and clean, but there is not that much going on here... Also management is very disorganized! Took forever for my room to get ready, and then they gave us a room that was not ready. But at least I ended up getting my stay for 2 nights comped! So can't complain about that!
I so enjoyed staying here! The City Center has become it's own little world, and the Aria is a huge part of it. The ambiance in the casino is unusual, dark and mysterious but really enjoyable. It's difficult to get ahold of the cocktail waitresses sometimes while you are gambling, but my boyfriend and I had great luck in their casino so we were happy. The hotel rooms are great, clean, modern, well designed. The buffet is one of my favorites on the strip by far! Try the biscuits and gravy, totally evil. The pool area is great!! Plenty of room and areas for everyone. I would absolutely stay here again!
I love Aria.. . I highly recommend staying at Aria, check in was a breeze but the only downside is the resort fee because they make it seem like you are getting the room at a certain rate but then they hit you with the resort fee.. . The rooms are very interesting and everything can be controlled with a single control remote. There is also a button on the wall next to the bed that says goodnight and pressing this will turn off every light and close the blinds.
Fancy. That's the first thing I thought as the taxi pulled up to ARIA in City Center. Super fancy, is what I thought as the bell hop showed us around the room and explained the remote controlled lights, curtains, etc. Add the fact that we got a lobster and all-you-can-drink wine at the buffet and the hotel was really beginning to blow my mind. . . Have I mentioned that this was my first visit to Las Vegas? That might have something to do with the general mind-blowing feeling I got - I mean, there really isn't any other place like Vegas, right? . . The casino is pretty nice, not too big and has the pleasant scent of vanilla wafting through it. The restaurants are fancy (and pricey) - we mostly ate at the 24 hour restaurant, which was pretty good. Free wi-fi in the rooms made me very happy. We didn't find the pool until our last day there, which is sad because they keep it open all year long (but with shorter hours in winter.). . My only real complaint is with the Front Desk staff. While friendly, simple customer service skills seemed to escape them. It takes them too long to pick up the phone, courtesies such as "Your room number is...", "Have you enjoyed your stay?", etc. are apparently not in their repertoire. That being said, every other person I interacted with in ARIA was really great and I'm looking forward to another stay at ARIA.
High Tech Hotel.  TV and touch screen display at side of bed were pretty cool.  Modern feel to hotel and room so it was nice change from my country home.  Good location on the strip.   Lobby smells good.  As a non-smoker I enjoyed walking through the Casino.    Food is kind of pricey but that is the new Vegas.    Was not a huge fan of $20/day resort fee did not feel I really used that with my 3 hr of internet and did not set foot in pool or gym.  All in all a decent higher end strip hotel.
The ARIA is absolutely gorgeous! In a very chic, modern, black&white kind of way. It's attached to the City Center and has a tram that runs through Vdara/Crystals to the Bellagio. . . I came here on Memorial Day weekend, so it was super busy. Busy enough that they didn't have time to fulfill our requests (we needed a roll-away bed). The service and management was terrible that weekend, though I couldn't really hold it against them - they were the new kids on the block and they probably still weren't used to hosting so many people!! If I were to go back tomorrow, I'd expect a lot more from them. . . The rooms are really nice, with a nice comfy bed!...I think. I didn't spend very much time in it :) The bathrooms are pretty with a shower and tub behind glass doors. . . I spent quite a bit of time at the casino, it being my first time in Vegas since turning 21!! =) I didn't gamble though. I sat in to watch my friend play blackjack, and then poker. The casino staff are very friendly to spectators. The casino is nice and new and pretty. As is the pool area!. . Did I mention that the walk from the parking garage to the rooms is a complete MARATHON?! OOOHH MYYY so far!. . UPDATE: Went back again for Thanksgiving weekend a year later. Management is much improved :) Great job!
I have been to Vegas 4 other times prior to this. Syayed at Ceasers,Luxor,Golden Nugget & Stratosdump. Aria is by far the nicest so far. Pitboss and dealers were very nice. Beds and accomodations I would rate at a 5 star. The only thing I didnt rate high was the buffet it wasnt bad it just wasnt worth 50 dollars. Also the spa it is very very nice but a little expensive, but so is everything in Vegas. I would highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to Vegas.
A very beautiful hotel. All the amenities you could ask for. A great convention center. Clean and well decorated. Worth the money!
The hotel itself is a remarkable creation. Has a lot of new modern designs and even the hotel rooms are very sleek!. . The beds are SUPER DUPER Comfy! With soft pillows and nice comfortors. The downside is the rooms are a bit smaller than most other resorts.. . The buffet is a bit lacking and so is the late night service down by the cafe. . . All in all, I would come back.
The Aria is my top choice when it comes to Las Vegas strip hotels. It is welcoming and modern with the funky architecture and eco friendly ultra lux feel. Its well worth checking out if your needing a quiet get away or wanting to put your self in the center of the action.
First off, they would get 5 stars but the bed was mushy and they wouldn't let us change rooms.. But the amenities were excellent, the staff was welcoming and helpful and even upgraded us.
Very modern, Young feel, chic, and CLEAN!!! omg it feels ssooo good to be at a hotel thatis cleannn for once! . . everything was fantastic from check in till check out! When we walked into our room like everyone has stated the curtains open and the lights turns on with music playing in the back!! You can even set up your timer so when you wake up in the morning your alarm goes off and curtains open!!. . The shower/tub combo was a nice touch, overall fantastic great location for young crows ages 21-25ish!!
I was lucky to spend 10 days here for a business trip a couple of months ago..  Its new, its beautiful, there are so many really good restaurants to choose from - what more could you want. Its very stylish without being uncomfortable, stunning designs throughout, great rooms and service. . . Remote control everything was the highlight of the room.. .  We stayed on 52 floor and never had to wait for a elevator, they were super fast. Its really got everything and is away from the more tacky side of Vegas across the road. . . Room service was awesome. . . The pools were super cool. The views were gorgeous. This is my new favorite Vegas hotel that I've stayed at.
I can't say much about the rooms or the service, but the hotel itself is amazing. My buddy's and me found ourselves coming back to Aria for gambling and spending time at various tables and slots. The architecture of this hotel is breathtaking. Thank god for the high ceilings and calming colors that help prevent headaches coming on from the noise of slots and smell of smoke everywhere.. . But walking around the hotel is a pleasant experience. They've organized the various tables/slots/restaurants/high roller areas in a very nice way in a sense where you can't get lost and it doesn't seem crowded. The cocktail waitresses seemed to be few and far between however. Whenever I ordered a drink it seemed to take a long time to return and when I wanted to order a drink, it seemed like I couldn't find a waitress to order one through.. . I'm looking forward to returning and being a hotel guest to see what the rooms and service is like.
we extended our vegas trip a day and got a room at the Aria.. GORGEOUS hotel!! the room we stayed in was hands down the best room i've ever been in on a vegas trip. the room was furnished beautifully and youre able to control everything from the lights to the curtains from the tv or control panel on the night stand. we ordered room service and the food they brought up was sooo delicious! except the potato hash that came with our breakfast...it had a weird spice added to it and that just didnt rock my world at 10am. . . at the entrance where Haze is located, they blast some strong scent in the air that's so overpowering you cant think straight. it was so strong it gave me a headache. idk why they do that. that's the only thing that bugs me. aside from that, i have no other complaints. the hotel is beautiful outside and in, and if you can afford to stay at least a night i highly recommend it..!
Love this hotel.  Stay in the tower deluxe rooms.  Well worth the upgrades.  Close to the tram to get to other places.  Table games don't get any cheaper than $25 at night, so if looking for something cheaper you can go to Monte Carlo next door.  I would recommend Aria to anyone looking to stay in Vegas.
Stayed there in 2010 soon after it opened.  The standard rooms are very nice (5 star) - I've seen better only in Wynn/Encore.  Clean and modern, with very large shower.  . . Pool was just OK (3 star) since there wasn't any large lap-pool area.  There's a jacuzzi right next to the buffet windows!  Depending on who's there, it may be a plus or minus.  LOL.  . . The buffet was nice but depending on the deal you get, may not be as good as other top buffets.  Nothing stood out, but nothing bad either.. . The casino is comfortable enough for gamblers.  Nice decor.  But the layout right around the casino is not so good.  It takes a long time to walk to the strip.  And it was a complicated maze going through all these different buildings.  The free tram they have is so far to the back, there's almost no point.  Typical idea of the casinos to trap you in so they can keep all your spendings.
Great hotel, nice decor and design.  Room was state of the art and the view was breathtaking from 29 floors up.  The layout and parking was great as well.  Next door is the city center with quite a bit of things to do.  It is definitely the city-center.
Last week I had the joy of staying at this wonderful property at the CityCentre.  My room had a fantastic view.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Because I was on assignment I had to be in Vegas for five days.  . . Honestly, coming back to this hotel was the highlight to an absolute "assignment from hell."  Whenever I didn't have time to go out to eat I could count on in-room dining to provide great food -- unlike the bland tapas restaurant, of course.. . Thought about getting a massage but read the yelp reviews of the spa.  Why do hotels think they should charge $150 for 50 minutes of massage?  They're so stupid.. . Don't park in the normal valet, though.  You park on one side yet have to walk all the way to the other side to pick up your car.  Rather, park at North Valet!  Way way way better.. . One of the things I love about this place is that it's decorated tastefully instead of how the Cosmopolitan looks like Beverly Hills puked all over the place.. . It's not a party hotel in the way the Cosmopolitan wants to usurp The Palms as the "place to party" and be stupid.. . I don't know how much this place costs as my clients took care of everything.. . Definitely coming back here.
I came just for the pool!! and I LOVED IT!!!! Not a bunch of kids running around... gorgeous day! the food was ehhh..but the HUGE poolside drink i had for $20 was worth every single penny!!! We will be coming back!!!
My wife and I just completed a 3-night stay at Aria, and were very pleased. The hotel and casino are modern and stylish, less "uppity" than Las Vegas properties such as Bellagio or Venetian.. . Aside from slow service at View Bar on Saturday night, all service was good - Front desk check-in/out, housekeeping, valet, casino staff, etc. We ate at Sky Box, Lemongrass, American Fish, Jean Philippe and Cafe Vettro and had good experiences with food and service.. . Haze nightclub was great. Lots of people, good music, good drinks (although expensive) and an awesome light show!. . The poker room at Aria is also very good - Staff and service. Very friendlyatmosphere.. . The technology in the room worked well and was really nice to have. We appreciated being able to open/close the curtains and adjust all of the room lighting from the bed.. . We toured the property completely, and WiFi worked well throughout.. . Nice pool area with a good crowd for early April.. . I completely recommend Aria Resort and Casino, and we'll stay there the next time we are in Las Vegas.
Aria is the beautiful casino hotel for the CityCenter Property. I've stayed here and at the Vdara and both places are beautiful. The Vdara is more my pace and scene, but the Aria is more like the mainstream Vegas experience. You have the yummy Jean-Phillipe Patisserie, Lemongrass for some amazing Thai food and Haze to get your groove on. All in all a nice experience.
Love this place!. . .  It is upscale and classy. Everything is brand new. I won money at BJ and craps. Dealers were friendly. I will definately return.
The bed was very soft and comfortable.  The bathroom has 2 sinks, which was nice. And I liked the fancy controls for the lights and tv. The pool was relaxing and enjoyable too.. . My only complaint was that the low ceilings and the dark interior in the hallways made me feel a little claustrophobic.. . Overall, this is an excellent hotel.
Did not stay here, but I would have loved too. Loved the vibe, look, and feel to this place. The pub restaurant smelled so good walking in. The check in area was nice and huge. The casino was a good size. They have good ice cream at Jean Phillipe's. This is on my list to stay!
I think this place took notes of the complaint of the smoke smell here, cuz as soon as i walked in here, i felt like the place was doused in perfume. I had a headache, and this place made me super nauseous with their overpowering vanilla scent trying to hide the smoke. . Other than that, the place is beautiful- and has one of my favorite stops in vegas- Jean Phillipe Patisserie. Dude stayed here before for a bachelor party and our friends stayed here also. Thumbs up on their stay. Very modern rooms. . And more important note again, there is a Jean Phillipes.
We went for an extended weekend and had a great time!  The staff was awesome (very helpful).  Easy access to the tram which made it nice getting around.
The Aria is one of the newest properties on the Strip opened in 2009. It is centrally located and neighbors the Crystals complex and the Monte Carlo. There is also an inter-casino tram that you can take from the Bellagio and Vdara to get here.. . It is a bit like the Cosmopolitan in that it is very modern and cityesque. Though it is not as edgy. It seems to be in competition with the big casinos, though there is a youthness about this hotel/casino.. . The casino floor is large, though not as crowded as a place like MGM. They have a great mix of innovative restaurants here. They are upscale, but they don't seem stodgy. I think it is good when a casino can attract visitors who are staying elsewhere.. . The Aria is worth visiting just to see how it compares to the veteran casinos on the Strip.
Almost everything is automated: lights, curtains, privacy signs! Warning: read the sign before you take anything out of the mini fridge. I experienced a very enjoyable stay at Aria. Nice comfy beds, cool shower stall with a side tub, frosted restroom stalls, view of the neighboring hotels, decent pool area, convenient convenient store on the P level, quick check out. I can't really complain about anything except that the dance floor in Haze is too small and it's way too stuffy and smoky in there! Oh  and don't order a water bottle at Haze, they charge you $8 for 10oz bottle! Grrrrr!
its one of the nicer hotels in las vegas... . the rooms are nice, have a nice modern deco but the rooms are a little small... . they have this bbq joint in the aria which is really good!! the food took really long to get to us but it was worth it.. (i forgot the name of the place) and they have a really good spanish tapas restaurant aswell.. . as for the casino, i've never played, so i cant tell you. and the night life, i've never been, so same goes for that..
I've recently stayed here on my last trip to Vegas and thought it was great. Walking into the hotel, there's a subtle Vanilla-like smell in the air that is refreshing; unlike the weird smell at the Venetian. The decor throughout the hotel is very aesthetically pleasing. It's close to the Monte Carlo and New York New York so you may have to make a slight walk to the places in the middle of the strip, but taking the tram to the Bellagio will help.. . As for the room, I really like the concept of having a remote control nearly everything in the room. The only thing that I didn't like was that it was a bit laggy when I would try to change the channel or move through the channel guide. I also didn't like that in order to turn off one thing, I had to turn off almost everything else. I also like that there's a door separating the toilet to the rest of the bathroom.. . Overall, it's one of the more upscalish hotels on the Strip. If you decide to gamble, people are dressed more for going to a club than getting a bite to eat at McDonalds. Very modern feel and if you have the cash to spend, there's the City Center next to Aria for you to buy expensive stuff.
Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! . . Oh did I say Vanilla?! I did? well... VANILLA AGAIN NIKKA!. . If you're looking for a hotel to stay at... this is my first pick over all las vegas! This join iz off da hiz-nook! Yeah like extra AWESOME sauce on your fries! When you first walk in... you will notice the vanilla scent. Their hotel/casino is aesthetically pleasing and welcoming. The rooms are super modern! If you like gizmos?! This is your spot! They have a portable console that controls the tv, temperature, lights, blinds, and more.. . WARNING, do not touch the mini bar! They have sensors on EVERYTHING! You will be charged for every item you touch... but you can dispute it.. . Casino-wise - its vegas... it's the same everywhere... ^_^ . . I'll come back again! Next year? Why NOT!
This review is long overdue. I came here in December for the boyfriend's birthday weekend. As soon as we popped out of our cab, everyone greeted us so warmly! I have a soft spot in my heart for the tiniest details, but I really do believe paying a bit more and getting that extra friendly service is worth it. The minute you walk in, you will notice that Aria smells AMAZING. Literally. An old coworker of mine that stayed here said they pump that scentthrough EVERYTHING. It smells so heavenly and not the kind where it's heavenly until you start getting a headache and want to pass out, but just pure heaven.  . . The hotel is quite chic and modern. Very classy and pretty! Everything is aesthetically pleasing. I can say the same for the rooms. Lovely rooms with soft beds and automatic everything. (As much as I loved it, it would get annoying when the touch screen control pad was not responsive) Bathroom is easy on the eyes as well. There's a large tub next to the shower (no jets) for you to relax in after a long night of partying. Their toiletries smell divine! I think they have green tea in them..?. . The location isn't too shabby. We walked to Monte Carlo to see the Jabbawockeez show without a problem. You can walk across to Vdara to try out their spa as well. It is a bit of a hike to the established hotels on the strip and we spent a lot of money on cabs that weekend. Wait for a good deal to pop up and book your trip!
By far the nicest And newest hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Driving up to the place I felt like a baller. The architecture is amazing. The hotel is gorgeous. The rooms are really big and extremely nice. The bed was amazingly comfortable. The bathroom was even nice.  The staff was great as well. I will def be staying her. I was amused to find that even in memorial weekend, it was really cheap.
The hotel and rooms are EXCELLENT. Everything in the room that can be remote controlled is remote controllable from either the clock or the television. Very cool!  And I absolutely loved the modern design of the hotel, rooms, and common areas.  On the downside. I did not care for the food. Especially Cafe Vettro. That said - the service and ambiance was incredible. Overall I loved the hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again.
The good: Went to a bachelorette party for memorial day weekend and aria was the hotel of choice to lodge a group of 9 different girls. We had the luxury sky suite which was very spacious. There was a beautiful view of Rio and neighboring hotels. A large couch that can sleep two easily, remote control everything that open and closed our curtains and fascinating, very inviting bidet that we all stood in line for as it offered front and rear cleaning, seat warming, and drying when finished. A tub right in the middle of the bathroom with lots mirrors so getting ready made life in vegas that much simpler. The bedroom was big enough to store 9 suitcases, sleep 4 girls and manage to still have floor space. Throughout the day, thehotel offered baked goods and assorted breads downstairs, coffee, tea and refreshments like fancy fiji water.  Let me reiterate, fancy overpriced fiji water?  that's an automatic 1 star!  . . The bad: I was irritated with the lack of outlets because trying to charge my phone or iron my clothes was challenging. Housekeeping. Don't know if this is a proper correlation but one of the girls lost her brand spanking new sunglasses from the time we went to the pool and came back up to see housekeeping cleaning up our already clean room. They also were not detailed orientated as they tossed a personal towel in their pile of dirty hotel towels, and have not heard any news of the towel or sunglasses since our stay. The aria is not on the strip per se but is accessible to the strip within a few steps and up and down a flight of stairs.
i  stayed there 2 nites on last x'mas. everything was great.... pretty impressive. u use the computer to turn on tv, open and close curtain, turn on lights, etc.... but seems like the computer control was not too smooth somehow. sometimes the curtain stuck. the bathroom is nice. but nth much to do down stair.
Remember to call Casino Marketing before you book your stay at any Vegas hotels.  Usually if you have a player's club card, they will be able to throw in some sort of nice deal for you.. . THE GOOD:. 1.  Hotel room, hallways, casino floor, lobby, exterior all look absolutely breathtaking.. 2.  Front lobby, concierge, housekeeping, room service, bellmen, express check out guys all provided excellent customer service.  You truly are treated like a princess...or prince :). 3.  Booking here, we got a 2 for 1 ticket deal for the O show and total for 2 nights on Memorial weekend was $333 including tax and everything.. 4.  Housekeeping was so sweet- I had bottles of bath products laid out and I came back to find it all organized neatly for me.. YAY! :). 5.  They are FAST at checking you in, checking you out, getting your car.  Efficient serivce.  I lauve.. . THE BAD:  . 1.  One thing that sticks out like a sore thumb is the Valet guy on our first day there.  Tipping is not required, but with every guest that did not tip him when he hailed a cab for them, he made sure to make some sarcastic comment loud enough for guests to hear.  VERY unprofessional.. 2.  Although I passed by their shopping mall attached everyday I was there, I never could find anything- everything was super overpriced.  Shopping experience just wasn't as fun as the forums at Caesar's.. . OVERALL:. Even though a few individuals who are staffed at the Aria rubbed me the wrong way, my overall experience was amazing!!  With the rates they gave me and the convenience of the location on the strip, I would definitely book again here.  It is a nice little change from Palazzo or Venetian.
Our 1 bedroom penthouse is pretty nice.... . Only has 1 bed, but overall, the room is high class and has it all.. At 1425 sqft and we paid only $600 with an employee discount.. I don't like how you have to show a key to enter the elevators.. Employees super nice.. Gambling here is expensive, most table games start at $10.. Good place to shop and visit for the first time.
Clean, fresh and the newest machines in the casino.. I shall return!!
That's a big hotel you have there, Aria. . . Seriously - it's big! Beyond the expansive casino, plenty of pools, myriad of restaurants and Elvis theater, Aria boasts some beautiful rooms with an insane amount of technology! All the lighting, power, curtains, sound, etc. can controlled by the small touch screen on the nightstand. Very Batman-esque. The decor of the hotel and rooms is quite modern, clean and slick. You won't see any garish prints or bright colors here, beyond the slot machine lights. . . Hubs and I scored a really good room rate deal here for Memorial Day weekend. Be aware, however, that when you check in they put a hold on your credit card for an *additional* $130/$140 per day. This is (I assume) to compensate for incidentals, room service, restaurant bills etc. It's almost entirely too easy to rack up an insane bill with all of the family hotels - it's very cruise like where you can sign your bill to your room. This goes for all of the hotels in the MGM family in Vegas. . . It took me a day or two to become acclimated to the hotel - where to exit, places to visit, etc. Overall, staff was quite friendly and efficient - very helpful when you have no idea where the hell you're going. Per usual, the restaurants, coffee bars, shops, etc. are pricey but no more so than any other of the resorts/casinos on the strip. While I would happily stay at Aria again, I want to check out a few more hotels in Vegas before I head back.
This is one of the newer hotels in Vegas . Everything in the room is remote controlled . The curtains , lights , etc. The room was very nice and clean . The bathrooms were very nice too . The casino was pretty dead and that great . There wasn't much good stores or restaurants in here either .
First off the place smelled .. well clean and nice.  Might just be because its new or maybe they really did the ventilation system well.. The rooms are pretty amazing.  Defiantly look forward to more stays here.
Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at Aria. The rooms was definitely the highlight. When we first checked in, the bedside touch-screen TV wasn't working, but they sent a tech up the room within 5 minutes to fix it. The room was spacious, comfortable, and the bathroom was awesome! I didn't think I would like the "bathtub behind the shower" set up that I saw online, but it was really great because it made the shower feel huge! . . I thought the pool was ok. Not fabulous (like MGM) but not terrible (like NYNY). We spent one afternoon at Liquid, which was much cooler than expected. I would highly recommend it for anyone age 21-30 with a hot body. :) The restaurants were fine. The location was great; despite some other reviews, the hotel is very convenient to the strip and it's a very short walk to Las Vegas Blvd. . . The main thing preventing a 5-star review was the housekeeping -- we were there for 3 nights and our room was never cleaned. Not once. We left our room around 9 am each day, and returned at about 3 pm for a nap. During the time we were away, we had the "service" light on... but our room was never cleaned. On the first day, we got a call from the front desk asking if we'd like housekeeping, and we said no (we were already back from the pool and about to nap). But the 2nd day, no call and no housekeeping. I know the housekeeping staff is very busy and they have a lot of rooms to clean, but considering the hotel offers "twice daily housekeeping" services, they should be able to get around to cleaning our room ONCE in 3 days!. . Hotel was nice, comfortable, a great size. But you may need to be persistent about housekeeping.
Aria was almost my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas...Cosmopolitan just edged them out. . . Beautiful accommodations, giving slots (at least to me) and they had a Jean Philippe Patisserie...yum.  . . I visited quite a few times during my 5-night mini-vacation!
I stayed here over the weekend and really enjoyed it. Aria is deffinitely the place to stay if you are going to be in Vegas. I was pretty impressed that all the rooms were remote control. Also, you are easily accessible to sooo much. . . My only reservations from keeping this from a five-star review is that some things were ridiculously expenisive. My bf forgot his socks, so we went down to the Aria gift shop where they charge 8 bucks a pair--no name brand or anything. I ordered a $7 latte. Also, there weren't very many casual places to eat in Aria. Everything was basically fine-dining.. . Other than that the service, the room, the casino, the pool etc. was amazing! :)
Beautiful hotel and casino. Very modern style and rooms that have a cool digital touch screen interface (lights, curtains, TV, radio). I've been there twice and on my second trip I had to call front desk and get the interface thingy fixed (minor annoyance). The suite was sweet and had a steam shower. Generally speaking everything at the hotel was expensive but it is a luxury hotel. I'm not entirely sure how it compares to other luxury Vegas hotels, but I have been in luxury hotels around the country and this was one of the nicer ones. Pricey but I'm pretty sure it's worth while.
This hotel is NICE, beautiful, and very modern.. The casinos don't smell very smoky like you smell at the other hotel.  At least it is like that for now until a couple of years.. The room are very elegant and CLEAN. when you walk into the room, the flat screen TV welcome you to the room and the curtains open for you.  Our 3 days there was fabulous!. The pools and hot spas are great and lots of people so go early to reserve your spaces. Free water for you to drink, too.. Our package came with the free buffets and the buffets aren't the best but hey it is FREE so we took advantage of it and it saved us a lot of $$$$.  Free drinks to welcome you to their hotel :-). The downside: we had to pay a resort fee that we didn't know about, it is a long walk from the elevator to the room, and another long walk from the hotel to thestrip.. Overall, the hotel isn't bad at all :-)
Penthouse was large and modern - see pictures. Free soda and water, a definite plus after long nights. limo rides also don't hurt.
This is my favorite casino/hotel on the strip!. . Even the basic rooms are gorgeous and super clean... the casino floors are well ventilated and you can't smell the cigarette smoke at all.  The pool area is new and spacious, everything about this hotel just seems fresh and inviting.. . I would give it 5 stars except for 2 very important factors:. . 1. The buffet here is BLEH!  Limited variety and the food is... eh.. drab.. . 2. I NEVER WIN HERE.  I'm not sure what it is... the slots seem tight and the table games... ugh.... . This is my go-to spot if I want to relax in Vegas, I always end up going down the street for gaming though!
I stayed at the Aria because I got an awesome deal or else I couldn't afford this place! I stayed here for 4 nights and it was extremely nice hotel! The view is awesome and I loved their alarm clock. The blinds will open and the TV will turn on. The bed was super comfortable and the staff were extremely nice. The casino floor is clean and free of smoke (maybe it isn't but I couldn't smell any smoke!) There was night, I totally forgot to put "service" on the door before I left and the housekeeper left me a message. And I called her back to ask them to service the room... how awesome is that? customer service at their best! haha . . Although, there are couple things about the hotel which I didn't like/love. It's behind Crystals/VDara/Oriental Mandarin, so it's quite a walk to the strip/bus stop. The control were kind of hard to maneuver and the lights would randomly turn off. Also, I hate their sensor shit on the fridge, if you touch/move anything, it will automatically charge your room. But when you check out of the hotel, someone will do inventory and credit your account back. SO DON'T DO EXPRESS CHECK OUT, YOU WON'T GET A SALES RECEIPT OF YOUR STAY. The lobby is kind of acluster-fuck, check in/check out is quite a wait. . . But overall, I had a great stay here!
Smells really good in here and it has a nice ambiance. They offer the same things all the other casinos have.
This place is amazing! My boyfriend and I heard such good things from friends and fellow co-workers about this place that we had to try it out. It was his first time in vegas and my second time and boy, was it ever a nice place to stay! Check in was super easy for us. We waited in line for maybe 5 minutes before they took us on..This might have been because it was late at night as we were catching the red eye coming in. The front desk staff were so friendly and accommodating to our requests..we asked if there were any upgrades available and he stated that Aria had overbooked but if we called the next day they would try and see if there was another room to upgrade to. We decided not to because our room was FANTASTIC!. . We loved the electronic tablet that welcomed us and the greeting was very neat. The tablet was great to control the temperature of the room, music, tv, blinds (our favorite part was the goodnight button next to your head that turns everything off). The bathroom was very nice with the glass shower and tub beside it. Our room was very spacious-be careful of the minibar though..if you take anything off the minibar or out for more than 30 seconds, they will charge you-fyi! Our room had a great view of the pool and other areas of vegas!!. . The pool is gorgeous with 4 pools, one that is the adults only dance party pool called Liquid which has cabanas and chairs for rent. There are 2 small hot tubs/whirl pools but it was so hot, i couldn't imagine seeing anyone sitting there. The pool area does get busy but there are so many chairs around that you are bound to find a spot. To get to the pool you have to bring your room key and its on the Promenade Floor.. . There are a few restaurants in Aria-we only tried Jean Philippe Pattiserrie which was very yummy! We basically had breakfast there every morning (probably not the smartest thing since it cost us about $25 for 2 sandwiches) but boy were they yummy! We had the breakfast buffet at Aria which was about $15, not too shabby, they had a bit of variety.. . Their casino area just didn't do it for me..Don't get me wrong, its a nice place, but there are many other vegas hotels that just give you that 'viva las vegas' feel and aria just didn't make the cut in terms of the casino..this is why i'm only giving aria a 4..actually i'd give them a 4.5..Go play the price is right game-its a lot of fun when you can get  the showcase showdown or play the games such as hole in one. Also! there are cocktail waitresses that come quite a bit so be sure to get your free drinks before you head on out! =). . Overall, Aria was an amazing place to stay..the housekeeping staff always greeted us wherever we were and everyone seemed so friendly to help us out or even chat with us. The bellhop guy outside of aria was super friendly!!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone as it is a great location and there is a tram that connects to monte carlo, crystals and bellagio..I can't wait to stay here again!!!
I stayed at the Aria after getting a great deal for a 2 night stay. Upon arriving at the hotel the scale and high end finishes are evident with the sweeping waterfall that greets you at the entrance and the massive lobby.. . Check-in was friendly and efficient. Entering your room is a trip - music turns on and the blinds sweep back to reveal a view of Vegas. Our room looked out on the Vdara and not the strip, but still provided a great view. We ate at several of the restaurants and found them nice - albeit expensive. The pool area is also great.
for the new prices and all the fix up at this hotel i am changing my rating...  and cause i love the name. i named my dog Aria so i couldn't stay mad for long... i would go back...
The first time I stayed at the Aria was this past weekend for July 4th, and it was a great experience.  I liked the aroma marketing, (it smells vanilla-y from the moment you step inside the lobby) modern feel, and how everything in your room is remote controlled.  Even the alarm clock was nice!  The staff were friendly and attentive.  The room service food was delicious, usually the food at hotels is so-so but I really enjoyed their food.  We got housekeeping service one day and our things were so neatly put together and everything was fully restocked.  There is a wide selection of restaurants and it's attached to Crystals Mall.  I really enjoyed my stay here and would definitely consider coming back here again. :)
This place is very nice, and is not that much money.  Located in the heart of the 8.5 billion dollar + City Center project, this place is really nicely designed.  It is attached to a nice mall, and a clean casino.  They pump some scent into the air which is a disturbing trend, but women like crap that smells. Like candle places, bath and body works etc...  . . The design of everything is really nice.  It looks like they put a ton of work into interior design which is great.  Everything has a texture.  The technology in the rooms is fantastic too, you can hook anything up to your tv with their nice breakout panel, and they have powered USB to charge your devices without having a computer.  WiFi is good and free* (*stupid resort fee)  I had come home from a night out and passed out in the bed (which was very soft like you are sinking in) and deadbolted the door.  My friend was locked out.  I was not waking up so security helped them with a special card that can apparently un-deadbolt the door. Nice!
1st, I must tell you that I am some what of a hotel/travel snob.  I'm also Captain Keep it Real based on what I see.   Service is #1 on my priority list. ENJOY.. . I'll stay here again for certain.  I've been twice in the last 20 days and both times (different in nature) were GREAT. . . Service was great all-around and fast.  Call ahead (3-4 days) and request a pick up.  They'll send a limo to get you, name card and all.  . . The place looks, feels and smells great.  It's also not as big as it looks (good thing).  . . It is a bit dark but it adds a bit to the "rich" look.  Gaming was as expected, $10-15 mins during the day, $25. at night.  . . I'd skip Haze nite club next time.  small, mostly hotel guests (which could work for you).  They seem to have great celebrity guests on the regular but I just wasn't feelin' it.  Not quite the Bank, better than LAX.  You can however, "pull" from here with minimal game and a nice shirt.  . . Liquid pool is worth the go.  It's small but I had a great time.  Get a Day bed over a cabana unless you really want privacy.  The cabanas are set back away from the action.  Trust me, Day bed $1000.  all-in, well spent.  Liquid is smaller than Morea Beach Club, has less topless, but better music, more lively, less pretentious crowd.  Plenty to look at.  Sam and Hailey were my hosts and they made it all easy.  . . The Sky Suites are the way to go,  also  room 7004 (which is a corner suite).   The standard rooms are great too.  Similar to the Palazzo, atad smaller, but with WAY more amenities.  Bring your earphone cord so you can hook your iPod/Mp3 into the sound system.  We had a huge sub in our room, it THUMPED and we got no complaints.. . Skip the buffet and room service too.  They are average at best.  Check out Mastros in City Center (review later) AMAZING.. . This place is great if you are taking a date, having a rock-star style family (kids 10, 15, and 18) vacation, a group of girls who don't want to be overly attacked at the adult pool, or surrounded by a bunch of pasty-fat-gelatinous-shower curtain rod salesmen on a company paid trip,  A group of guys (5 or less) with a fair amount of swag, whom can pace themselves and not be mad when "All Day Jose" squirts you in the face with the Super Soaker.  Just take it and smile, trust me.
I like the location, and, really, the rooms and the hotel are beautiful. But we got the wrong room, with only one bed. They said the mistake had something to do with booking it online. (That our reservation said "deluxe room" but not two beds... even though that's what we chose when making the reservation.) The people checking in next to us had the same issue. There were items missing from our mini bar, which we had to explain we didn't eat. (Not bad, just felt like there were little things other hotels at a similar price range would have handled differently.) Also, they say the wi-fi's free, but you're required to pay this resort fee when you get here. (That covers the wi-fi. I know, little weird.)
Nice new hotel everything is remote operated I just hated when I'm up all night partying especially when the room is way at end of the hall it seems so far other that is very modern.
I usually stay at Belagio, however, this trip they were fully committed, so I booked at Aria.  I thought Aria was beautiful, architecturally stimulating and chic-not the lively Cosmopolitan Resort crowd that I enjoy for energy, but I would definitely stay again!  . . NOTE:  Fran at the Aria Men's Store is Awesome - she is very professional and has great humor!  Thanks Fran!
Overall, Aria is a wonderful hotel & casino. I would be happy to stay at Aria again. Here are the pros and cons.. . Pros. Beautiful decor, stunning. Bed feels like a cloud.. Touch screen remote for the room is fun & cool.. Smells great. Overly polite staff. Cafe Vetro is pretty yummy and open 24hrs. The City Center Tram is so convenient...it will get you to Bellagio, Monte Carlo, Crystals, and Aria, as well as the other hotels in City Center. Plus it is free and fast. You hardly ever wait.. Location - this hotel is super close to more great stuff, especially when making use of the tram.. Valet is pretty fast and very friendly. Great views from your room. Casino has a great atmosphere. . Very eco-friendly, as others have pointed out. The alarm is cool.. Beautiful art is everywhere in the hotel.. . Cons. My phone has horrible service in the room.. Room service is so friendly, but it takes forever, and our food was yummy, but not out of this world. The breakfast is best from their room service.. You can have a bit of a walk from the elevator to your room.. That fun remote and the lighting can take a little bit to figure out.. . We really enjoyed the hotel!!!!!
I finally got the chance to stay at the highly vaunted Aria Casino & Resort.  Under construction during the big financial crash it sought to outdo all its rivals on the Vegas Strip in terms of looks, architecture, amenities, and luxury.. . Every aspect of this hotel is a visual treat and a work of art.  The hotel rooms themselves were quite luxurious even for the entry level two bed versions with great fit and finish everywhere.  Luckily I managed to score a discount hotel room rate after years of patiently waiting and jumped on that ASAP.. . For food, highlights include the Jean Phillipe Patisserie, Julian Serrano tapas bar and its connection to the Todd English PUB.  Also for those who have the late night munchies post club, they do have a 24 hr eatery Cafe Vetto.. . My only minus point which really can't be held as a criticism given the level of luxury, is the lack of a convinient quick fast food court.  No you'll have to walk over to the neighbouring Monte Carlo for that. . . Overall Aria is a great hotel that has everything you'd want out of the Vegas Strip experience under one roof.  Would I return without a discount?  Probably not, but that is the case with most of the luxury strip hotels for me.
The amount of work that was put into this string of buildings is AMAZING. A friend and I wandered through Aria, Vdara, Cosmopolitan, etc. and were blown away at the architecture and upscale design. I also have never seen so many beautiful women that could smell how broke we were. I think its a sixth sense. . 2 jack and cokes, 22 bux. yikes.
My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary at the Aria this past weekend and I will say, without reservation, that the Aria is an amazing hotel and I will DEFINITELY be staying here again. . . The footprint of the property is large and well laid out, and everything about this hotel is absolutely beautiful inside and out. However, because of the size of the hotel and it's unique shape, the guest rooms are a bit of a hike from the elevators (and can be hard to find with the hallways that fork off in each direction) so you may want to ask a bell hop to bring your bags up for you.  That being said, the rooms are clean, sleek and modern while still being very comfortable, and have great technological features. My husband loved the touch screen control center, but it confused the hell out of me. There are 3 beautiful pool areas with plenty of chairs to go around and an unexpected bonus for non-smokers (like myself) is that the casino is filtered really well so you're not hit with a wall of smoke upon entering the building. I am also going to rave about the food because it's fabulous no matter where you go inside the hotel, although being honest, it's on the pricey side. The staff is friendly and professional and made us feel welcome and comfortable throughout our entire stay. And because the Aria is located right in the middle of the strip, we never needed to take our car out of valet.  Everything was in walking distance and was super convenient, including a shopping mall (Crystals at CityCenter) filled with designer stores and wonderful restaurants just steps away from the hotel...literally like 10 steps from the main entrance of the hotel. . . My husband and I really enjoyed our stay and can't speak highly enough of this place.  It's great and I can't wait to come back!
buffet wasnt terrible, not amazing.. . the rooms look great.. the views are some of the best.. . the remote control in the room is frustratingly slow however. thats really my only complaint.
This place is very modern, clean and artsy. It had a bit of asian zen to it... Or tried to but its nice. . . Service. This guy named James totally helped me out. He was so nice. I was locked out of my room twice (the key card system is kinda jacked up) and he was so patient with me and gave me extra keycards to try just in case. I was so frustrated with their key system. He was great tho.. . Room. Standard room. Pretty and so techy!. There is a switch for everything! If we were going to bed, we just hit the Goodnight button and everything shuts off and the curtains closes. Pretty awesome.. . Bed has tons of pillows. A lot! . . Room was spacious! Bathroom had separate toilet and shower space. Bathtub and shower in same place.. . Condiments at Aria suck. Haha. Shampoo had no scent and felt like cheap hotel shampoo. Not something you would expect from a high end place like Aria. So I was surprised. Yes I take that into consideration! Im asian!. . Overall, good hotel!
I was not able to give it a 3 1/2 star so I will be generous and give it a 4 stars. Ok, here is my review :. . Check In : 2 Stars . . First off, the airport shuttle bus dropped us at the BACK of the hotel which has little or no sign directing guests to the Hotel Lobby which was fairly far away from the drop off zone. NOT cool. . Then we had to wait about 30 min to check in though we came on a Thursday night around 10pm.  Not cool. . . The actual stay : 4 stars . . We asked for a room on a higher floor with a good view, smoking, not obstructed by Monte Carlo. ( Folks, make sure u ask for those things as they will not just hand it to you ).  So we were given room 23045 on the second to last floor,  which is the absolute best room you can ever have if you are not willing to spend top $$$ for a suite. The view of the city is quite magnificent from that room.  *** Beware***  the room is quite a walk from the elevator (2-3min walk). . As mentioned by fellow yelpers, everything is controlled in the room by a single remote which SUCKS by the way. Too many lags, 2 to 4 seconds delay, can't work for sh*t.  That issue should have been addressed a long time ago... DO NOT TOUCH THE POSSESSED FRIDGE OR ANYTHING ON TOP OF IT !! unless you want to be charged for things you've never used.  The Fridge and the crackers located on top of it have sensors that would automatically charge your room. . Other than that, I loved my stay at the hotel. Do not expect anything free from them as they have this look of disgust and horror on their face when you ask for free shows coupons or free open bar tickets and all that crap. . . Check out : 3 stars . . Check out is at 11 Am though check in was at 3 PM. How fair is that? My flight does not depart till 11 at night so I thought, huh, they might just let me stay at least till 5pm or 6pm. So I called them at 10 AM to see if it was possible to stay in a bit longer. Was told I was given a complimentary extra hour to stay in. I wondered what was so complimentary bout an extra hour but since I did not want to be charged an extra $70 bucks, I ran outta there by 12:10. Btw, there is a lack of communication between Front desk and room service cuz, as expected, someone came and knocked at my door at 11:05 to ask me to check out.. NOT COOL. . . So that's my review. Drinks at Aria Casino are stronger than at most casinos I've visited. Worst Casino to drink at is Flamingo. That place looked cheap and their drinks taste like piss.. Though drinks are free, they do cost $$ since you are tipping the waitress. Learn how to pimp them cuz not all of them are nice.. . Btw, I could care less bout that Vanilla scent but females do love that crap. Go figure.
this hotel is hands down most beautiful of all the ones in the area out of monte carlo,belagio etc..however it is the priciest. being broke..it sucked staying in this ritzy hotel..not being able to find any meals below 40 or 50 bucks(at least). if ur rich..go here..otherwise dont. the fountains, mall, restaurants are breath taking. this place is so beautiful i literaly almost cryed wen my boyfriend bought the trip..loll but seriously...room service is cool. casino drinks are very good but dont trust them slot machines.we had a room on the 23rd floor..absolutely amazing. the remote control that controls the room sux..it hardly senses ur touch. but i loved how one side of the room is a window and u can see the sparkling city lights wen u sleep. beautiful place...jus too damn pricy..i do want to go bak one day
Seeing that it received a five-diamond rating, we decided to give Aria a try.  There are good room packages available on the website including a great spa package which we selected!. . The check-in process was not timely or efficient; I expected better.  There were many positions and agents available, however there were various lines.  Some guests who arrived after us got checked-in before we did.  While a single-file line may be "bank like," it could be more efficient and effective.. . The guest room is current, modern and "green."  Having everything controllable through the TV is convenient.  Upon initial check-in, the room was not very clean.  There was hair in the sinks, drawers and bathroom floor.   There were also food crumbs.  The room attendant did a great job during our stay.. . The pool areas were nice with three pools, not including the "adult" pool and lounge.  There were plenty of chairs and towels.  . . They try and limit access to hotel guests by having you flash your room key at various key points.  Nice touch and gesture, however if you have a room key you are in!. . While our experience was not five-diamond, it is worthy of four-stars.
This is the first time i have stayed at the Aria, and i must say i am quite impressed. The rooms are awesome! Clean and everything's basically motorized.  The only downside i have about this hotel is that their front desk is basically busy and they need more hotel reps sevicing people.  Also when you call downstairs it usually takes about 10 minutes for someone to respond, rather than the usual 4 minutes and under.  Another pitfall is their elevator. For some odd reason it gave me a headrush when you go from floor to floor.  Other than that, it's an auesome hotel!
Aria is an excellent hotel!  We had a nice room and everything was perfect.  The bed was nice and soft, very plush.  The hotel supplied an ample amount of towels.  It is always nice not to have to ask for more towels.  The restaurants were excellent and there was a variety of places from which to choose.  I was somewhat disappointed with Jean Phillipe in the Aria.  They charge $11.00 for a pre-made sandwich.  You cannot ask them to make it without aioli mayonaise.  Jean Phillipe was overpriced for breakfast and snacks, especially when you cannot have them prepare something your way.  . . The gym was probably one of the nicest gyms I have seen in Vegas. The hotel shot up further in my eyes because they do not charge you $30.00 to use the gym.  Plus wi-fi was free.  This alone made up for the overpriced Jean Phillipe cafe.  . . I would definitely stay here again.  The bell deskt and valet service also provided excellent service.  However, the hotel operator took way too long.  We were on hold for at least 5 minutes to try to get an operator to transsfer us to the appropriate extension.
The rooms are spacious and the decor is very modern.  Each room has a touch screen control panel that controls everything in the room.  Upon walking into the room the automatic curtains open up, the tv comes on as well as some soft music.  We were very impressed with the technology in the room and the bathroom was very spacious and well appointed as well.. . The negative...we were in 22264 which faces the Cosmopolitan hotel and the Marquee Nightclub and Day Club.  Maruqee has an outdoor pool lounge area at night where they blast music till 4am.  Unfortunately our first night we had to listen to the thump of the bass all night long.  So I went down stairs in the morning and asked for a room change.  It was obvious I was not the first person to ask for a room change because the front desk clerk didn't question me.  We were relocated to the other side of the building and it was nice a quiet.  . . Other than this little mishap everything was superb.  The casino is really nice and the high light was to be able to have breakfast at Jean Phillipe every morning.
Only reason I took 1 star off from my review is my experience AFTER I checked into my room. We had hallway lights not working, a bathroom lock not working, a service person leaving nails and screws on the floor after attempting to fix the door, a touchpad for literally EVERYTHING in the room not work for a good 4 hours and not to mention the 45 minute wait we had for our luggage from the bell desk. Mind you these are all separate entities and issues, but overall, the star had to come off.. . Four stars because I got 3 rooms all next to each other with 2 of them connecting. We ordered a friend for our diabetic friend(free), otherwise $25 a night, and an extra mattress, as well as a little birthday surprise for my friend and his first trip to Las Vegas. Concierge, check-in, valet = all superior.. . The casino area throws me off a little bit because it's too casual. Not smokey or dirty enough. I dont know what it is. I love the casino in planet hollywood or ballys better. . . This casino is almost 2 years old, but it is still brand new in appearance and atmosphere.. . Definitely go to their facebook/twitter pages and sign up for all the email/text deals you can! Also sign up for the M Life players card for free and get awesome deals! I booked a room for $119 on a July weekend!
Wow, I am surprised to read all these mixed reviews on yelp on ARIA. I stayed here this past weekend and was very happy with my stay here. . . First, I got upgraded to the Sky Suites after arriving late to Vegas post my 3-hour flight delay (Screw you, Spirit Air!) The suite looked just like a regular room but the view was gorgeous! Like! It did take us awhile to find the safe...we even looked behind the paintings to see if it was hidden, lol. Other than that, the room was nice, clean, with a ton of cool features! I love being able to set my own wake up call by selecting the time the TV or lights should turn on, and choose for everything to shut off before bed, etc. Oh, and being able to control the curtains on the main switchboard. The only comment I have regarding the in-room technology is that there isn't a TV in the restroom (something pretty standard in most high-end hotels in Vegas). Aria, please fix that. WTF? . . As for the pool, I liked the pool side service except for the high drink prices. I ordered one bloody mary, and it cost a bloody $16. OUCH, they should have stabbed me with a knife instead of robbing me. . . The girls and I also checked out LIQUID, the pool party at ARIA. It was MEH unless you want to pay for a cabana.. . Last but not least, the morning when I checked out, I noticed a bogus  $12 charge from the mini bar on my bill, but when I called to contest, they took it right off the bill with no questions asked. Customer service FTW.. . Thanks, Aria. I WILL BE BACK!
Simply, it's swank without pretention. . . After exploring the strip a bit more during my first trip to Vegas, I was delighted to call the Aria our Sin City home base. To me, it seemed like Vegas with the volume set on 6 or 7 rather than 10 or 11. Which was perfect. . . Clean, modern styling, well-appointed rooms and an overwhelming sense of calm and quiet (it's all relative, right? It's still Vegas). . . The view from 22nd floor suite was unexpectedly impressive. The business center staff was fantastically efficient when we needed to ship all of our shopping overflow home.
I was meeting very good friends from Italy so decided to splurge on Sky Suites - got a 2 BR for my family and a 1 BR for him and his wife and kid.. . Great rooms, great service, everything was first class.  Complimentary Limo rides from/to the airport was a blast for the kids (included if you are staying at Sky Suites). :). . The only negative during our stay - I booked a poolside cabana for the day ($200) and it would have been perfect except our water cooling spray thing wasn't working.  It took over 3 hrs and multiple requests before it was fixed for the row of cabanas we were in.  Very annoying.  They did take off $100 from our charge, but only after I asked for it.. . I'm not a high roller so I had to pay for the rooms and so on, but all in all I was happy with the overall experience for my group (except for the cabana thing noted above).  If you are looking to get a little of that high roller experience without having to spend thousands of dollars per night or lose a crapload of money at the tables :), I would highly recommend the Aria Sky Suites.  My 2BR Sky Suite was $600 per night for a Sun and a Mon night.. . Aria poker room is one of the better places on the strip.  Not as big as Bellagio, but relatively large and lots of loose action.
was here in April 2010. stayed in a suite, very clean, neat, sophisticated interior.. restaurants in the building wasn't so impressive compare to the price.. club here was very packed at the time couldnt even put my feet on the dance floor .. good thing it was free.. . . very nice overall
I'm a fan of Aria Hotel but I still prefer the Palazzo hotel over Aria anyday. Aria has my 4 stars for the prompt customer service, cleanliness and the lovely city center. Aria would have my 5 stars if only their bathroom was as comfortable as Palazzo hotel.
Very sleek, clean and well done rooms. Excellent maid service. Very professional check in and check out. The whole place is very tasteful for Las Vegas. Wifi and self parking free. Gym access included in the resort fee together with pool (other MGM properties like Mandalay Bay make the gym part of the Spa fee, which is an extra fee on top of the mandatory resort fee). Some great restaurants and places to buy food, including the french patisserie with excellent pastries. Avoid Vitro (their casual restaurant/cafe): it is overpriced and the service was terrible. FInally, very good security everywhere, makes you feel safe from some of the questionable characters that roam around Las Vegas.
This place was great! My Husband and I went for our "Mini-Moon" and had a great time! We stayed in the panorama suite which had windows along the entire wall of the suite... even in the bathroom! We had so much fun and everything was automated on the TV (even closing and opening the curtains). I loved taking a bath and being able to look at the view =). . The only thing that we realized that we didn't really like by the second day is the bed. It felt as though we each sank in to each side of the bed. I did love the giant squishy pillows... which I would love to buy for my own bed.. . Oh, the bathroom had a bidet... which was pretty funny.
I took my adult daughter here for her birthday. We both loved the Aria! It is clean, modern, new, and it doesn't smell from smoke. They have some kind of nice smelling fragrance in the air. All of the employees have smiles and are extremely polite and helpful. The management must have a top notch program because you could definitely tell that each person that works at the Aria is finely trained in their jobs. The room was gorgeous, with comfortable beds and a large bathroom. I liked that everything it high tech. You can control the temperature, drapes, wake up calls, etc. all from the television! We appreciated the security downstairs controlling the entrance to the elevators. We had a view of the strip and at night it was impressive. We had two closets and plenty of drawers. Don't touch anything in the mini bar because it is all computerized and you will be charged. Wish there was more room in the mini bar to put a few of our own bottles of water. By the way, you can't find a cup of coffee or a bottle of water anywhere in the hotel for under $4.00.  Plenty of nice restaurants to chose from and many shops to walk through. We didn't use the pools, but we did walk out to see them and there are many to choose from. We ate breakfast at Cafe Vettro which was good. Had a dinner at Lemongrass, the Thai restaurant. That was awesome, but as with all of the restaurants in the Aria, a little pricey. $20 for fried rice....really? . Speaking of pricey, I understand room taxes at hotels. But they charge a resort fee of $22 per day. What do you get? Free Wifi (don't need it with an iphone) a free newspaper which is not delivered to your room, and use of the fitness center. When I asked about taking that off the bill I was told that they couldn't, so now tack that on to the room taxes and the price starts to rise. Other than that issue, I would stay at the Aria again. No one told us that there is a free monorail tram from the Monte Carlo, Aria and Bellagio but we figured it out on our last day. The whole city center area is new, sleek and modern. Stay there, you will love it.
I stayed at the Aria for three days and it was like Heaven.  The hotel is gigantic and beautiful to look at- lots of massive, dramatic art, giant chunks of granite and walls of glass, etc.  In one restaurant the dividers between the banquettes were made of cross sections of huge wasps' nests.  Difficult to describe, but so cool in person.  I was there for work, so I didn't have to pay for anything (except gambling, where it took me about 20 minutes to wipe out my checking account), which is extremely fortunate, since breakfast for three came to about $125 one morning.  The linens were unbelievable, and the bed was amazing.  I spent most of the last day by the pool, where the crowd was so friendly- everyone was so glad to be at such a fabulous place!  Everyone that worked there was ultra hot and genuinely warm and friendly.  . . I highly recommend the Aria for anybody with a lot of money to spend on unbridled luxury for a few days.  There's really no reason to leave the hotel once you get there- it has everything, and a LOT of it.  One of our waiters told us that the hotel has over 10,000 employees.   My one complaint is the horrible cell service, but then that's probably my own fault (AT&T).
I'm actually quite fond of the Aria.. . The rooms are very clean and comfortable, and the entire casino itself is very modern and aesthetically pleasing.  Sure, the casino floor is a bit dark, but that really doesn't matter to me if they're shelling out some chips to me (but that rarely happens.) Lady Luck, you can be so kind yet so cruel..
I was here to attend a Sales convention and loved the place. Unlike all the other places this was not like a tourist destination and perfect for the occasion with ample recreation opportunities, inviting casino floor calling for your wallet, plenty of good food (special mention to the Thai food at Lemon Grass and Chinese at Blossoms). Did not quite like the Buffet but that could well be a function of my taste! With easy accessibility to surrounding hot spots, this was a good deal for the room prices. Advise: buy you bottle of water and beer as the in room stuff rips through the pocket!
Appetizers at the Sky Bar. Pretty good Mac n Cheese and a ton of TVs to get your sports fill
Growing up I preferred the Sharper Image to Toys R Us so I completely got off on all of the little technological details this place had to offer. . From the remote controlled room to the electronic "Do Not Disturb" sign to the very modern architectural sculpture design that runs throughout the hotel, this place goes out of its way to to satisfy all senses. I even noticed textured leather wall paper near the elevators. . . I have only 2 gripes:. . *The bathroom- I wasn't a huge fan of the design and there was no fan, which meant the mirror got foggy after every shower. The bed however was uber comfy and more than made up for the poor bathroom design. . . **The massive window that makes up 1/4 of the room was dirty and water stained. We had a really beautiful view of the mountains and it was impossible to appreciate with all the muck built up on the window. . . The rest of the hotel more than made up for these tiny inconveniences and I definitely plan on returning in the future.
First time I went to Aria was on Xmas of this year. Very Very nice, modern looking hotel. Staff there was really nice and helpful when it came to checking in our bags or checking in our room. . . So my family we go and they tell us that our room wont be ready till 3, because our flight was early and we got their before check in time. they were really nice and very sincere about it. So we get to our room which is a corner suite. We go to the room, put our key in and what do we see? Other people in the room! with bags open and everything, so we use the hallway phone and call the front desk to let them know what we saw. They apologized and sent us to another corner suite.. . 1. The room- Amazing, beautiful room i mean wow. the most nicest/modern looking room I have ever seen. Tv was Amazing, and the bed was comfortable.. . 2. Bathroom- corner bathroom with nothing but glass around you, and the view of the strip, with the hot tub on the corner of it, wow what a beautiful bathroom. . . We didnt have time to check out the pool, because we literally stayed for 1 night and  flew back, but from what I hear it sounds amazing.. . I would stay at Aria again, for the right price.
Best hotel I've ever stayed in. State of the art. Great gaming and shopping. Food choices could be a little better. The Cafe sucked outside of really drunk food. The electronic panel in rooms needs a little work, but this place is amazing!!!!
This place is pretty nice...  I like the super yummy patisserie inside.... the buffet wasn't so good... and the price was a little high... but it is a really nice location... it leads right into crystals.. a nice shopping center, except it was pretty empty... I don't think this economy is making it easy for them... they make pretty good gin and tonics....
Aria is my go-to when I need a nice room at a reasonable rate and the other tier one hotels are overcharging for whatever days I'm staying. They run specials through M-Life regularly and you can usually pick up the standard room for $1.5 + some change even on holiday weekends. . . Can't give Aria 5 stars though since the casino is lacking, Haze and Eve both suck, and because one of my asshole friends always manages to simultaneously turn on every light & open every curtain in our room using the god-awful room automation controller on the rare occasions when I'm actually trying to grab an hour or three of sleep in Vegas.
I stayed here for NYE and it was amazing the rooms are super nice and everything is controlled with a big tv screen remote that was pretty cool!! The bathroom was very nice i like how the shower was separate from the toilet and the shower was big u can fit like 4 people in there that was awesome!! And the room service was great... good food specially breakfast i thought it was cool having steak with eggs for breakfast yum:) they have a really nice pastry spot down stairs and it was delish! Aria is just a great hotel and i would stay there again:)
Unbelievable hotel, terrific decor, casino floor, and restaurants, and top notch service in the heart of City Center!. . We came out here for a bachelor party, with the bachelor and best man cooped up in one of their nicest suites - our first stop for pre gaming before we headed out.  The suite (and all rooms for that matter) are neatly  appointed with modern amenities, including split shower/tub stalls, floor to ceiling windows, and complete Control4 automation.  If you so chose, you could wake up to curtains opening, TV powered on to CBS, and a variety of lighting settings to top it off.  EVERYTHING was connected/automated and easy to use, whether you reached for the wall light switches or if you wanted to dig through the menus on the bed side touchpad.. . While in Vegas, we dined at the on-premesis Jean Georges steakhouse, with our party seated at their private chef's table, but I'll save that excellent experience for another review.. . We ran into a few hiccups here however - first, our room's carpets were wet (practically soaked) upon check in.  A call down to the desk revealed that they actually shampoo their rugs in-between reservations, but unfortunately, ours wasn't dry yet.  They changed our room and added another $50 credit to our room account.  In our new room, the safe and curtains did not work correctly.  While they fixed the safe, the curtains were never fixed.  Since they were motor-driven and automated, we had no way to manually open and close them ourselves, so it took several button and a few minutes to simply open/close the blackout curtain.  Service was friendly throughout, but I guess sometimes all the technology comes with a few caveats.. . Table games were $25 and up on Fridays and Saturdays, which is run-of-the-mill for a hotel of this caliber, so if you're looking for cheaper gambling, head elsewhere.  Overall, for the amenities, modern decor, and friendly staff, I'd recommend this hotel for anyone seeking good location and a classy hotel room for their Vegas vacation!
I recently received an invitation to stay at the Aria which included a free weekend stay, a generous food and beverage credit, and two free VIP tickets to see Cirque du Soleil's "Elvis."  Being a huge Elvis fan (yes, really), I jumped on the offer.. . Aria has a number of features that make it notable.  Its rooms are quite luxuriously appointed, and the universal remote to control every aspect of the room, from temperature to drawing and closing the shades, is very cool.  The rooms also provide free wifi, a welcome feature.  Also, being a craps player, I am very grateful they dedicate so much space to the craps tables.  There are 8 that I counted, which is pretty unusual.. . As far as foods, Lemongrass Restaurant prepared some fantastic and authentic foods, which, quite frankly, was surprising for a "pan-Asian" restaurant.  The buffet didn't appeal so we skipped it; in fact, on a previous visit, I had the Sunday brunch and found it disappointing.. . And of course, there was Elvis.  I liked this show primarily for the music, which were re-mastered recordings, occasionally mixed with some singing accompaniment.  The storyline is a loose and rosy biography of Elvis' life, and it kind of glosses over the rather sad and drug-addled tail end of the King's life and career.  Good, not great.  If you're a fan of Elvis, it could be worth seeing, but otherwise probably not too different from the other Cirque shows in Vegas.. . On the negative side, customer service was mixed for an establishment with aspirations of appealing to high end clientele.  Many times the attitudes of the people we dealt with was just...surly, for lack of a better term.  They generally were helpful, but never in a particularly friendly way.  And at least 3 dealers I played with never cracked a smile or said a word.  Some of course were very friendly and chatty, but, again, I'd expect better attitudes at a high-end place, especially when the majority of blackjack tables on the weekend bump up their minimum bets to $50.  Also, a mistake was discovered at checkout regarding a charge, which seemed to have been resolved at the time, but I had to call back after returning home when I discovered the charge had re-appeared on my credit card.  Hopefully this time it stays dead.. . Overall though, a good experience, and I'd stay here again.
i really wanted to give this place a 3 and a half but since i can't i rounded up. . i really like the entrance of this hotel, the water fall was really nice and behind the check in desk was a sculpture by maya lin (the same person who made the vietnam memorial) i also liked how the hotel didn't smell like smoke, maybe cus it was new, but i also noticed that above the tables the lights seemed to be sucking up the cigarette smoke.. . the casino was nice, dim lit with dark earthy colors it's a modern take expressing nature i guess.  the servers took forever to askand deliver drinks. was playing craps for 4 hours and only got asked if i wanted a drink 2 times...  people at the poker tables were nice, but the craps table everyone was pretty silent and not interested in the game going on at all. . stayed in the sky suite towers on the 51st floor, the room was very nice. comfy bed like any other fancy hotel. but one thing that really annoyed me about the room was the lag lag lag lag lag, tv lag, that controller thingy by the bed lag.... hellllla lag -___- another thing is that the bahtroom door is this sliding door that doesn't lock. but in the bathroom the toilet was separated by this opaque glass wall that did a good job keeping the stank away. the view was alright, being on the 51st floor only got a view of veer towers, mgm,side of cosmopolitan and some of planet hollywood, so overall the view wasn't great.. . overal decent hotel, i'd come back
i aboslutely LOVE this place! but... they're not getting 5 stars. why? because i had a HORRIBLE experience when i was checking in. the lady took forever and it seemed as if she didn't know what she was doing... i waited patiently in line for 20 mins... and then during the check-in process... i waited another 30 mins. something like that just shouldn't happen. other than that, all was fine.. . i fell in love with my room... especially the king sized bed! it's the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in. it's sad that my own bed is no longer comfy to me... wonder if i could get away with stealing it? lol.. . customer service was pretty much decent all around. i also really enjoyed the fact that jean philippe patisserie was right next to the guest elevators. mMm... they'll get their own review. . . this hotel is obviously new, so it's really clean. i even enjoy how clean the place smells as soon as you walk through the doors. . . one last thing that got me... when you leave your luggage at the bell desk... you go back and pick it up. if you're heading to LAS after you pick up your luggage, you have to wait for a cab. and sometimes those damn taxi lines are insane! right? well, they actually ask you where you're heading at the time you leave your luggage. they'll note on the tags that you'll be flying home. when you go back to pick it up, they automatically cut you to the front of the taxi line so you don't have to wait. how awesome is that? that's what you call customer service!. . i definetely can't wait to go back to vegas and stay at aria!
Wife and I flew in from Honolulu and stayed a week here in early Sep.  It was our first visit to Aria and we had very high expectations based on all the excellent Yelp reviews.  At first we were not overly impressed and were very critical of the place. The approach to the hotel from the airport with our rental car was easy. Straight down LV Blvd and a left at City Center.  . CHECK-IN: There are several car lanes leading directly to the front. We  pulled up to the Valet drop off area.  No one helped to pull the suitcases out of the truck. We dragged our bags to the Valet area on the left... still no one around.  We asked where the registration desk/lobby was... it was on the other side.  Again, no one from hotel staff around... no offers of assistance. We dragged our bags to the lobby where a bell hop finally took our bags. Check in at 8pm was relatively quick and easy. The entire outdoor front to the hotel is wide open, uncongested and very classy... water, glass, etc.. LOBBY:  Not huge at all. Nice but nothing special.  Was surprised to see the casino almost pushing itself into the lobby.  Almost right in your face. Had expected a classy hotel to put some distance btwn the lobby and the casino. Nope... right in your face.  Didn't realize how many people still smoke... my God, were all the smokers in the world in the Aria lobby that night? The vanilla scent helps but did not entirely mask the stall smell of smoke. Long lines for check-in... slow.  However, once it was your turn, the staff were helpful.. THE ROOM: We had the Deluxe room with a city view.  Well appointed but nothing really special.  To be honest, had expected something a little bigger. Bed and pillows VERY comfortable. Open door and walk in, the curtains open automatically revealing a wonderful view of night time Vegas. However, the TV comes on and was blasting music.  Took me my first 10 min in the room to figure out  just how to turn off the music using the keypad.  No hooks in the shower for robe or towel. Had a towel rack on inside of shower door, but it you took a shower, your towel would get soaked.  Sink had no drain stopper... so when I shaved, I could not fill the sink up with water. Had to leave the water running... guess there must not be a water problem in LV?. WIFI:  Free in entire hotel complex. But a very weak WIFI.  IPhones could pick up WIFI in room but was very very SLOW.  Only place WIFI seemed to work was in the lobby.  Fortunately, we brought our laptop which worked fine in WIFI in the room. . GYM:  Great....!  But closes at 8pm so forget about a late night PT.. POOLS: Great. But doesn't  open until 9am... so forget about an early morning swim.. BUFFET BREAKFAST:  Tons of food... think I gained a few pounds during our week long stay.  Western and Asian foods... no complaints here.  However, had to order coffee and juice from waitress.  Not real fast... Would get my food first and start eating. Amost done with breakfast before the coffee and juice would arrive. You get my drift.. COST OF BUFFET BREAKFAST: My hotel reservation was booked on a promotion that adversied complimentary buffet breakfast (max of $40). I thought my wife and I were entitled to a complimentary bfast each morning during our stay. Wrong... only the first day. So I was surprised to see breakfast charges on my bill for every day.  Perhaps I misunderstood... I have stayed at plenty of 4 and 5 star hotels in Asia and the buffet breakfast ALWAYS comes free for the length of the stay. Not here. Anyhow, my bad for not asking directly if it was for every day. I received a $50 credit when I complained.. CHECK OUT:  Easy... arranged with bell desk to have bags picked up at a certain time. Called down in advance to Valet to have the car waiting. Bell desk picks up bags and delivers them to Valet pickup area. A bell hop waits with the bags and puts em in the car when you depart.  . OVERALL:  We were critical at first but came to like this place after visiting Venetian, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Bellagio, etc. Each hotel has something to offer and each is different in their own way. Other than the lobby, Aria is open and uncongested. Valet is away from main lobby and uncongested. It is clean and modern and has a Air Conditioned waiting room too.  I would stay here again and would not feel guilty about letting the water run in the sink without a stopper.
YES! I love Aria. . . One of the newer hotels on the strip, Aria was an incredible venture that took years in planning. . . Since my aunt travels to Las Vegas multiple times yearly as a professional gambler, she receives VIP invitations - and EVERYTHING is comped. . . The hotel: catered to the stylish and hip crowd under 50, Aria was designed to impress, and be luxurious. It doesn't fail with scent machines pumping in a light fragrance, amazing bathrooms with floor to ceiling doors (30 foot ceilings) and an excellent staff with a VIP Host that was amazingly attentive. . . The crowd: young, trendy, and ready to party!. . The gambling: all sorts of tables and machines available, with 3 VIP gambling rooms.. . Chinese people (and others) hold a strong belief in "Feng Shei" which is balance and harmony. . . This hotel - and many others, were specifically designed in favor of the hotel. The entrance to the VIP Baccarat room - and the exterior of the hotel, has 2 huge, giant pillars that are in a V shaped formation, with the idea that the house will receive, and capture all monies coming into the hotel. . . Notably, all seasoned gamblers I came with were familiar were very aware of this, and chose to not spend a large amount of money. And they lost. . . However - this place has excellent style and energy, with several choices of dining. I loved the Vietnamese inspired cuisine, and I tend to dislike Pan Asian foods - but this was kind of amazing. . . Huge Elvis statue inside, with plenty of good looking people to watch wandering the hotel.
well.  Last year when we booked it, Aria and Cosmopolitan were neck and neck with restaurants and youth and awesomeness.  Then we spent Labor Day  weekend here and I saw babies, scrunchies and "elder" people here.  . Except, we did find condoms in the pocket of the robes.  Complimentary or quick clean-up job?  We'll never know.. . I'm not saying I didn't like it, we had a friggin great time, pool was great, Liquid was great, service was exceptional.  But we've beenspoiled.  My friends and I have a traditional Labor Day Girls Weekend and we have stayed at the best of the best (and some of the worst).  Lately M Resort has shown some real promise, The Hotel (at Mandalay) is superior and The Bellagio has The Bank, great gambling and Michelin starred resties.  I wasn't sure what Aria was offering that was greater than.  We were celebrating 10 years and I kind of wish we had gone to The Bellagio and did it up old school..  We did give them shit about the "clean-up job" and they responded professionally and right away.  That made me very happy so Thank you to the hotel services manager.. Not fond of the doors anywhere it is incredibly hard to lug luggage around and the doormen are rather entitled douches.. The free wi-fi is excellent excellent as is the gym! And the touch screen in the rooms that control everything are novel, but the novelty wears off--"uhg!  I don't know how to turn the sound down, I keep closing the curtains!!" was heard several times.. SO we didn't really have a problem with anything, but it didn't stand out either.  At least we got to sip skinny girl margaritas all weekend.  No harm, No foul!
I was  not a guest here, but a group of us visited here to see what the casino looked like. This place is absolutely beautiful, but that is to be expected being as it is new. The decor was pretty, and when we were there, the casino didn't smell like you were walking into a cigarette.
Just got back from here and loved this place! The room was very roomy and stylish. Restaurants in hotel were great when we didn't want to go far to eat, however, if you are there on a Saturday, be prepared to wait in line...unless you go to Cafe Breeze outside. This was our frequent spot while staying here, excellent Bloody Marys and able to enjoy the outside view. . As a side note - LIQUID pool was not impressive to me. Looked like a bunch of Jersey Shore wanna be's and not my cup of tea. If you are looking for a chair to sit on, be prepared to drop at least $150. . While I would stay here again, my next trip here will be at the Cosmopolitan instead.
I was blessed with the privilege to stay in 2 rooms simultaneously. One being a standard 2 queen bedroom and the other a suite. The standard room was located on the 15th floor and the suite on the 51st on the other set of elevators.. . Overall, Aria is worth a visit. I was here during fight weekend and the place was packed. For such a large hotel, the valet service is extremely fast even without calling in advance. There are 2 locations to pick up your car so be careful to walk to the correct location. . . The suite came loaded with a living room, dining room a 1/2 bath and an office in the guest quarters and the bedroom in rear. The master bath had a HEATED toilet seat. I never want to sit on another cold one again. My first experience with a built in beday with pressure monitor included. Hmm, I'll pass. There were also several telecommunication ports to hookup phones, laptops, radios, gaming systems, etc. Those really came in handy!. . Aria is centrally located on the strip but sits back from the main road. It feels more private and secluded and appeared to be the getaway place for several celebs. Aria does need to increase staff in certain areas. It was easy to get on the private elevators and other certain areas without showing your room key.
stayed at the sky suites and lived the sweet life (see what i did there?). . the room setup was great.  there was a remote to control the lighting, curtains, AC, and TV in all of the rooms.  you could also control each room from each TV.. . the girls at the sky suite check-in were great too.  more than helpful.  they also let you borrow a laptop if you need to print something.. . only downside i saw was no free booze in the VIP lounge.
Why do I love this hotel? Because i make money at the slots every time i go! I have terrible luck but somehow their slots machines feel my pain and send me some love. People i bring here also win money at the tables (i'm not so great there other than poker). But don't go here and hate me if you lose. The casino is very big though and i do prefer it to some of the other ones. I have been a guest here, if you are a frequent gambler the rate is like $128 so not bad comparatively. The rooms are nice, not huge but big enough for 4 if you are in a deluxe room. More than that is likely a stretch though given no couch. . . -Hotel still looks new and is huge, it took me a little while to make a round. -Go to the SPA! it's heaven, they run a lot of massage specials. -Crystals is a really nice high end shopping area (has LV, Gucci, Zegna etc) and if you happen to be awake during the day is fun to stroll around if you need something to do, it is basically right outside the aria. -I went to Haze one night, not my favorite club in Vegas but it's fine if you don't want to do the marquee / XS scene. Music was actually really good, does get crowded though given it's not a huge space. -Jean Philippe Patisserie is amazing (the desserts look so pretty). They have crepes, pastries, chocolates, ice cream. -Noticed that the waitresses did not come around a lot for drink order but were nice when they did. -I would love to tell you about my dining experience here, unfortunately i wasn't really awake for it. -The room itself is pretty trendy, nothing extraordinary about it but plenty comfortable. My favorite gadget was the one-touch control that lets you control the lighting, drapes, music etc. i kept opening and closing the blinds. -you get a ton of lighting into the room during the day. -Bath products so-so
Just spent a week at the on my yearly birthday/anniversary trip and the Aria did not dissapoint!. . We upgraded to a Corner Suite which was beautiful and totally worth the money. The HUGE bathroom with seperate soaking tub and great strip view alone made the upgrade worth it. . . We were able to check in a few hours early, which was wonderful after a 6 hour flight. The front desk asked if we were here for anything special and we mentioned the birthday celebration and they had a card a a tray of great desserts sent up to our room immediatley.. . I got a day pass to the Spa which was totally worth the extra $30.00, didnt even need a treatment the facilities available with the pass were so great.. . The bed linens and pillows were all just as great as I remembvered from the last trip. They made it hard to get out of bed in the morning!. . The only negative that I have is that I think the buffet has gone down hill just slightly since were were there last. The food just seemed like it was sitting out a bit longer than it should have been. Although it may have been because we were comparing it to the Cosmopolitan Buffet which was just outstanding.. . If you have a chance to stay at the Aria, go for it. Its a wonderful experience and so relaxing for a strip hotel!
We stayed for a one night getaway.  Buffet was very good, room had an amazing view.  I liked the fact you can see departing flights in real time for people who have to catch flight.
This is my second favorite hotel in all of Vegas (first is the Cosmo). The hotel's brand new, gorgeous, and very clean. Plus, the staff are wonderful, as is the room service.. . The room I booked was a standard king. The bathroom was amazing, it had both a marble shower and a soaking tub. Also, the entire room was wired; everything was electric, from the drapes to the TV to the lights. Amazing!. . The casino itself is also great, if not a bit pricey (no $5 tables here, that's for sure). Also, the location is great; you're on the south end of the strip, which is right by Marquee (hottest club in Vegas) and next door to Crystals (amazing shopping).. . The best part? The price is reasonable!
- Beautiful modern rooms with tech-rigged lighting, sound and window fixtures. - The pool area is nice (not over run by the MTV crowd which can happen at tons of other pools) but cabana service is slow.. - Good location on the strip but a bit pushed back from the main road. - Casino floor empties out around 3am (Sun-Thurs) and table minimums go to 5-10$. - Lots of good food options- including Julian Serrano's tapas restaurant.. - Check in takes a long time and staff are not overly friendly. - Like many Vegas hotels- the floors are HUGE and we got stuck at the end of the hall so it took 3-4 minutes from getting out of the elevator to reach our room. - Good value if you book early through twitter deals or their website . . Minus 1* for front desk check in and poolside service
Why so much vanilla scent? It's way overpowering. Everything smells like vanilla after spending even five minutes in the casino.. . That said, it's a classy place. Nice bars and restaurants. Clean casino and bathrooms. . . A remote control is used for all in-room operations, which is cool, but I couldn't figure out how to close the curtains?. . The check-out procedure was complicated because it, too, involved the remote control. Why?!
We stayed at Aria for 4 days last week.. . Check-in took less than 20 minutes which was a great start (Caesar's was 45+ minutes last spring). We got a beautiful room facing the Cosmopolitan & Vdara's pools. Since we were able to check in roughly 3 hours early, the staff did say we could switch rooms the following day to one with a view of the strip, but since we didn't plan on staying in the room that much, we stayed put. . . The hotel smells amazing anywhere and everywhere you go. I never smelled cigarettes. The casino was very nice & everyone was very friendly. . . The pools are incredible. Comfortable chairs, perfect water temperature & super nice waitresses serving up poolside cocktails. . . This hotel is in a great location & had a fun atmosphere. I would definitely stay here again!
My cousin had the 2 bedroom sky suite. It was a great view of Vegas. Even though I didn't stay there, I thought I'll add my two cents worth since I was hanging out there often enough. . I don't know if being an elite guest like my cousin was, the service was excellent. The sky suites was just the taste of what royal pampering would be like. The suite was awesome. The toilets.  .gawd, how many buttons does it take to pressurize the water spray to get your butt feeling good and clean?? . Overall, the hotel was beautiful. Too bad I didn't hit the slots jackpot or I would've found out how the real pampering is like.
No doubt that the Aria is sleek and modern.  Pulling up to the front of the hotel you feel like you're at some crazy post modern airport.  It's attached to Crystals, which adds to the gorgeous, modern architecture.. . It's new and shiny and doesn't have the cigarette smell yet, which is always a good thing.  And the location is awesome, you are in the heart of the strip and can jump on the tram through City Center. . But this resort is just missing something.  It just doesn't quite have that fun Vegas je ne sais quoi, and I wasn't a fan of the layout.  Our room was reeeeally far away from the elevator, which got annoying really fast.  And the techie in me was a bit disappointed with the room.  It's awesome that you can control everything, but the control pad uses weird non user friendly technology.
The room no longer has ANY limit games. I like to switch from limit to NL now and again. That entails a walk to the Bellagio for limit. The B poker room by the bye has become even more arrogant. My favorite rooms, Wynn and Aria have little to no limit games and are too far apart. Now if I could only win at either of them.
This is one of the newer hotels, but people told me it was dark, for dudes, and not that great. The aroma is vanilla! I actually liked this better than the Wynn. The rooms were queen beds and the bathroom was nice and big. Although it is dark, but who wants to see the face of the guy/girl you just picked up, the dark will just help with your beer goggles! . . Only thing I didn't like, it was complicated using the technology in the room for the light switch, took us girls awhile to figure it out... but it was cool. I would book again.
yay such a good hotel!. . aria is one of the group of hotels that are the newest addition to the las vegas strip located in the city center. Its basically almost in the middle of everything so transportation shouldn't be so bad.. . we got a double queen hotel room which was quite spacious with a modern design. upon walking in, the curtains automatically opened to greet us! Amazing! Haha. There's also a main touch screen remote control (similar to a tablet) that controls all the fuctions of the room. So u never have to leave that comfy bed! . . we also had a situation where we needed to change rooms and they were very accomodating and helped us do it in a quick fashion. . . the casino is nice, the shopping is nice, we didn't eat anywhere in the hotel but I don't doubt their food choices are nice.. . the only thing that kinda was a burden was that they didn't allow roll away beds in double queen rooms so someone had to floor sleep :/ & since their hotel had over 40000+ rooms, its kinda a trek to get to your room, with all the floors and unique curvy architecture but can't really do anything about that. Id totally stay here again! :)
Great hotel!! Walked into my room and the curtains opened as the tv and lights came on! Awesome!!! Very modern and upscale.  Casino floor wasn't confusing to get to my room. With plenty of restaurants, bars, shops and amenities to keep us busy!!!
I stayed at ARIA for 3 nights for a business trip. The conference was at the Bellagio but it's very easy to get there via the tram that runs next door at Crystals. . . I absolutely love the hotel! It's sleek and well-kept. Enjoyed my overall stay - from the check-in process to the automatic opening of blinds upon arrival in your room to the friendly service at the concierge. . . Plus: free wifi throughout the resort, excellent treats at Jean Philippe Patisserie & wide range of slot machines.. . Minus: plain toiletries and not enough light in the room. . . Would I come back? YES I want to return next week.
Stayed at Aria for 4 days, 3 nights... come to think about it, this is about as long as I'll ever stay in Vegas.. . PERRRFFECCT amount of time in my opinion! . . I love the casino floor because it's clean and well maintained--granted the place is new, but so what? So far so good, because nothing beats NOT smelling like an ashtray by the time you're home.   Seriously, I got home and I sniffed my clothes... smelled delicious--like PINE SOL... haha.. . The pool area is a decent size, separate pool areas and spa areas to suit everybody's needs.  They check room keys, but nowhere near as aggressively as Mandalay does.  Clean water, minimal kids... or should I say, minimal ROWDY kids... parents did a good job of looking after their little ones.  . . The buffet is located on the Promenade level which is awesome because it's off the casino floor--you will forget that you're in a casino by the time you leave the buffet.  I didn't eat at the buffet because I was too busy drinking my alchy and being passed out under the bed of my room.. . SPEAKING of ROOMS.  Aria has one of the nicest rooms I've ever been in.  Everything is controlled by a bedside touch screen remote.  My favorite feature is the SLEEP feature where you can literally turn everything off and close the curtains w/ a touch of the button.  Wake up the next day to ultimate bliss.  The other cool open is the Service and Privacy lights outside the door are all controlled by buttons from within as well.. . State of the art unfortunately will have it's dangers... at Aria it comes in the form of the MINI BAR in the room.  WATCH OUT! Everything is weight sensored! DO NOT remove items and place your personal items inside. . . All in all a great experience.  A lot of good and nothing bad... nothing SPECTACULAR either which is why it's a 4 out of 5 for me.
Would like to move in. Don't know why my curtains don't automatically open and lights turn on when I walk into my living room at home. Still looking for the "goodnight" button next to my bed in my house to shut everything down and close the curtains to black-out mode. I'm pretty sure angels were singing when I walked into my Aria room. . . Seriously, that was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. Love that it's LEED Gold, and that my room was energy-efficient. Loved the wallpaper throughout the hallways, the lighting fixtures, and the wallpaper, was it leather of some sort?, in the elevator bays. Every detail was divine, yet simple. Aria also has the least smoky of all the casinos on the strip, in my opinion, and I do appreciate that. I just want to go to there, often.
The bed was sooooo comfy.  I loved the "Goodnight" button by your bedside that everyone is talking about.  I also loved the automatic everything that you can control while you're lying comfortably in bed.. . The bathroom is also really nice...very modern.  Tub + shower are separate but are behind the same door.  Lots of closet space (two closets) with robes.. . Pool and hot tub were both really nice.  I would have spent a lot more time out by the pool if it had been warmer during our stay.  I guess November is a bit late in the year for sunbathing. :). . The only thing my boyfriend and I didn't like was that the rooms were kind of dark and the hallways were definitely dark.  I guess it's okay but I'd rather have a little more light.  The chocolate brown theme made it seem even darker, too, although I do love chocolate brown.  Bf said that the rooms at the Palazzo are nicer, so I'd love to check that out next time.. . We'd go back, though.  Everything was really nice.  I just wasn't as "wow'ed" as I thought I'd be for what the room cost.
After reading so many mixed reviews, I was a little hesitant about staying at Aria. I figured I'd give it a shot after getting a room offer from the m-life Player's Club. . . After staying in 2 other hotels over three days, this was the one I was looking forward to the most. Check in on a Saturday morning was busy, yet it all went very smoothly. They had enough lines open and clerks working, which is always a good thing. . . I was totally wowed after entering room 31-131. The curtains open, the TV turns on to some music, and the lighting comes up. . . The room had a view of the back of the CityCenter campus and Vdara. For a standard room, it's VERY roomy. I believe it's around 520 square feet of goodness. The bathroom area was equally as rich, with a BIG shower and tub (they are not combined, but located behind the same door), his and her sinks, and separate toilet area.. . I love technology, so Control 4 was definitely a treat. You can literally control everything - the TV, curtains, lighting, temperature, making service requests, and even the Do Not Disturb sign - from the television as well as a small tablet located on the bedside table. Loved the Wake Up scheme, which opens the curtains and turns on the TV at whatever time you set in the morning. I also enjoyed the turndown service at night, since that big bed has a lot of comfortable pillows!!. . My offer came with a comped buffet, so I went there for Sunday Brunch. I enjoyed it a lot, and would certainly go back. . . Service around the resort was top-notch. Everyone was very attentive and friendly, from the housekeepers, valet people, bartenders, Front Desk staff. CityCenter is massive and it WILL take a while to get your bearings, but once you do, it'll be easy to get on and off the Strip.. . I'd definitely stay here again.
Had a great stay at Aria last week. The rooms are plush and very modern, equipped with automated lights and curtains. The bathroom was very spacious and elegant.I would have probably given this 5 stars but held back due to a few reasons:. Our room was not cleaned for the first couple of days and we had to actually go down to the lobby and talk to the day manager to make sure it was done.. Apart from the buffet,which provided a wide variety and was pretty satisfying, I would say none of the other restaurants could justify the prices they charge. The Skybox was pretty average as was the Union bar.The restaurants backed by the celebrity chefs were at best average,although we never tried the Bar Masa. The Jean Phillipe patisserie was definitely good, although on the pricier side.. We had a good experience gambling there, the casino was nice and big and not smoky. The dealers were friendly in general.Table minimums do go up on the weekends though and sadly, they had only one "Let It Ride" table.. All in all, it was a very positive experience and we would definitely want to stay there the next time we visit!
Why the rating is not very good here?  I like this place tho!  It looks new, modern, and smell good!. . I love the pool.  So relaxing around  all the tall buildings.  Also, they have really good gelato on the first floor!  :)
What a pretty place with a great restaurant, Sage.  This is a high class place.  I hate the smell of smoke.  I know it is inevitable in the casinos here in Vegas, but being allergic, I really can't handle the smells.  Gives me a headache and overall a bad feeling.  This place was the least smoky place I have been in Vegas.  Thank You for the extra effort with the smoke eaters or whatever you use to keep this place less smokey.  I would love to stay at this hotel some time.  Maybe next time I come back to Vegas.
I loved the Aria. People that complained it was "far from the strip" are probably obese and don't like to walk. It really wasn't that far to get through the strip.. . I found the staff front of house staff really helpful and polite. I have to say the porter Mark who brought the bags up was such a nice guy. . . The room:. . LOVE the remote control EVERYTHING. LOVE the bathtub... after a long day walking around I made use of that tub to the point I fell asleep in it. . LOVE the bed. We tested it by of course jumping up and down on it... very sturdy!. LOVE the room service. After a drunken dalliance with the strip retuning back to the room at 3am, ordered the "Burger topped Pizza". GENIUS IDEA. What better than having a burger or a pizza? Having a burger pizza. . LOVE the view of the pool. I didn't plan to use the pool area, but with that view decided before we check out on the last day we would go laze and catch some rays.. . I would have given it 5 stars on account that I loved the room & pool area, what let it down was the casino. Not once did a waitress come up to me for a drink and when my friend and I went to the bar to get a drink the bartender was less than happy to serve us... the bar was NOT busy. So I preferred spending time and money in the other casinos. . . I would definitely stay here again. It was a toss up between here and the Bellagio. I think it was the right choice. I would not recommend the casino area though.
the hotel was nice. I would stay again if I have the chance..  The pool was nice as well, but it attracts jersey shore types. . Great photo opp to feel like you are on another planet.. . Glistening hair greace on the surface of the pool water. I did not go in for fear I would sink with globs weighing me down.. Pool servers were slow and sometime non existant. The best part was the insence infused air they pride themselves of pumping through the air vents in the lobby areas.. . Later I read Legionnairs disease made hundreds sick there and near death. Google that to get the exact info.. I like it.
This is a review for the hotel. I'll update the review should I ever play games here. Jean-Philippe will gets its own review when I've tried enough of their selection, but they have good seafood quiche!. . I've been spoiled by this hotel, for future Vegas trips I'll be expecting rooms as nice as this one. . . This is one of the newer hotels in Vegas, situated near the Cosmopolitan and Mandarin Oriental hotels and Crystals shopping complex. It offers the 21st century equivalent of classy, different from the Bellagio. Check-in was hassle-free and straightforward. Upon going up to our rooms, the room was clean.. . Stayed here twice on standard rooms. Instantly I was hooked on the touch panel on the center screen, which basically controlled everything except the bathroom (that would be kinda creepy if it did) and call room service. You could even review your bill and check out, which is one of the best perks about this place. . . Beds were very comfortable, with the exception of snoring I had a good two nights sleep. TV was in HD and contained most of the common channels, so I was able to catch a bit of my favorite show being aired. LOVED the overall design of the rooms, gives a new meaning to contemporary and classy, from the mirrors to the drawers. If you get a room of the view, the windows are big enough to peer down at the Strip below, especially with all the lights at night. . . Bathrooms were just simply GORGEOUS. Toilet and shower/bath had its own compartments. Glass is opaque on both doors.. . Service is pretty good. We had a wonderful housekeeper who brought us plenty of shampoo and shower gel, and still kept an upbeat attitude when we forgot to ask for towels initially and asked him again.
My favorite casino to play poker in. Really large poker room that's always crowded. Services are exceptional. . . The hotel has lots of modern designs and the casino floor is big enough to get lost, however there are many bars around so no worries there.. . Loved the atmosphere.  The huge wall-fountain just outside the front lobby is beautiful.  Valet crew are super nice.  Would love to stay here...the only thing is it's a smoking hotel/casino like any other...But considering they're brand new, it's not as bad as others.
Stayed here over Thanksgiving Holiday for 5 nights and really liked this hotel.  . Pros - . 1) Really large hotel rooms.  You aren't tripping over each other if you are traveling with someone as these rooms are very spacious.  Everything is High Tech including how you open the curtains, turn off the lights and TV and let the outside world know if the room needs to be cleaned or not.  . 2) Workout facilities are including in the resort fee and they don't disappoint in this area - the equipment rivals what I have at Sports Club LA/San Francisco, so I was right at home on everything they had and they have a lot.  Color scheme is very contemporary throughout the hotel and it's visually engaging everywhere you look. . 3) Pool area was not crowded - didn't expect it to be in November, but it was actually in the 70s when we were there so it also wasn't out of the question if you wanted to use it.. 4) Location - surprisingly central to where you want to go and has a free tram that goes up or down LV Blvd so it was pretty easy and being set back, you weren't treated to the usual strip clubs card delivery you get when walking up/down the Strip and really no one asking for spare change in the area.. 5) Smells clean - they are pumping in scented air to kill the smoke - a positive for me.. Cons. 1) Bathroom had a weird combo tub shower area, probably more of a drawback for whomever has to clean it as if you take a shower, the tub area gets wet and needs to be cleaned whether you use it or not.. 2) Resort Fee - really?  Not necessary.  This isn't Motel 6, so you don't need to up charge the Resort based on price paid for the room. 3) Food - no real deals in this place - everything is pricey, so you will have to travel out or go to the Cosmopolitan next door for a better priced food offering, but everything we ate there was very good.. 4) Gaming area - could use more variety of machine options and some lower priced table stakes.. I'd stay here again and highly recommend it.
I came here for a trip with my mom, brother, and girlfriend to attend my cousin's wedding. The Aria is very nice and opulent without the old person feel. It is in fact very chic and current. We stayed in a basic room. It was very nice and comfortable. . . I have to say that the check-in process was quick, as quick as a property this size can be. When you enter your room everything turns on and the drapery open automatically. I am a techie person so this was kind of cool to me. The room as clean and well designed. . . The staff was always accessible during my stay. Very friendly and willing to answer my questions and the concierge made some great recommendations.. . The shopping at Crystals is beyond belief. If you are looking for the latest and right off the runway looks, you going to be happy. I liked the size of the casino. It was a good starting point. If you want higher stakes you will have to go to your favorite spot.. . Check out is made very easy. You can check out via text, email, check out card (available in your key packet) or at the front desk. I checked out via email and got my itemized statement attached.. . Overall, great stay!
This was a really nice hotel with a price tag to match.  Everything was very modern and had a touchscreen display that controlled pretty much everything in the room from lights, to blinds, to the tv.  Every one of the employees here was very courteous and accommodating.  Helping us whenever they could and even the maids would greet you in the hallway.  Not sure how the other hotels on the strip compare but if presented with the opportunity would stay here again.
New, clean, modern and new... Yeah I know I mentioned that already. But this means there is still no cigarette smell. Yes!!!. . They have a security guy checking for hotel room keys before you can get to the elevators. Security?. . They have their own entrance to that mall, is it called City Center? The one where it's too expensive to shop in unless you won the jackpot?. . And from there, there's a walkway to cross the strip to the Miracle Mile Shops (more affordable shopping). Very convenient!
We were in town for the half marathon and I loved staying here. It's ultra modern and located close to New York New York. As everyone as mentioned it's very modern. When you come into the room there's a touch screen device which controls lights, tv, curtains, and so forth. The bed is to die for. I never wanted to leave it, it was a comfortable plush pillow top. The bathroom was also great. It has a large soaking tub and a shower next to it which is unique. The hotel itself has a spa, bakery, gym, hosts the Elvis show, is next to Crystals mall and has alot of restaurants inside. Since it's new it doesn't have that smoky old casino smell that I found in every other hotel I went into. Internet is included with your stay, you can check your bill on the tv but there is also a $20 a day resort fee so i guess it all evens out.. . Check in was quick and easy and you can still pretty much walk to anything. There is a tram that you can catch that will take you over to the Bellagio if you don't want to walk. I'd defintely stay there again.
Came for a vacation and have stayed in Wynn, Venetian and Palms Place for years. First experience In Aria the hotel portion. Selected corner suite and was very impressed with the suite. The technology was fun the panoramic windows in the bathroom with the giant tub was sexy and the bedroom was very nice. Reminded me of a suite in a W hotel. Suite was so clean the rug and bathroom looked sterile. Tons of amenities. If you choose a high floor corner suite you will have a good time.
In 2011 AAA named its list of 5 star diamond hotels in Las Vegas.  Nine hotels in Vegas got this prestigious award.  Aria Hotel and Casino made the cut for the first time.. . Aria itself is brand new and when I was last in Vegas (for my 30th birthday in 2009) it was still under construction.  The big appeal of Aria is how technological it is.  What this means is that when you open your hotel room door the automatic curtains will open up for you, and the lights will turn on.  If you are gone for a period of time and forgot to turn your TV, lights, ect off it will do so automatically.  . . The entry to Aria hotel is nothing super-special save for the smell of vanilla/jasmine that they spray everywhere on the casino floor that weirdly leaves me craving vanilla cupcakes.  How handy that Jean Phillipe's bakery is located near the bank of elevators going up to the rooms.. . My favorite features of Aria are as follows:. . --The size of the rooms.  Very nice!!  Instead of one dinky window you get an entire bank of windows that run the length of the room and open via a long curtain.  There is really not one "bad" view in the hotel.  . . --The beds.  They are the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on.  Period.  It feels like you are sleeping in a sea of Jello.  . . --The deep tubs.  I love how the tubs are sunken though they are located behind the shower (?) which was sort of weird.  The toilets have their own separate room complete with phone if you just can't wait to make a call or have fallen and you can't get up.. . --Location.  Aria connects to Crystals which is a mall with shopping and dining that then connects to the Cosmopolitan. I feel like the Cosmopolitan has a lot more happening than Aria and we spent more of our time there.  In addition Aria is fairly centrally located on the strip in general.. . The Bad:. . --One of the things that bugs me about Aria is the service.  Though it wasn't bad I didn't feel like the customer service was at the top of their game.  Being 5 star I expected more in that category. . . --I HATE the new "Vegas" thing of charging a mandatory $20 a day for "convenience" items like wireless internet and gym use.  Even if you have no plans for either one you still have to pony up that fee on top of the already expensive hotel rate.  . . --Your room IS very technological in the sense that you can plug in your iPod, iPad, MP3, whatever you have to their state of the art sound system IF you have your aux cord.  Like, the one you have in your car to connect to your device.  Who would think of bringing that to a hotel room??  No problem though because for TWENTY DOLLARS you can buy a "keepsake" Aria technology package that includes such that is located above the mini bar.. . --No electrical outlets near the bed to charge your phone, use your laptop, ect.  Why am I paying $20 a day again for wireless internet?  So I can sit in my stiff desk chair to use my laptop??  . . I enjoyed my stay at Aria but not sure if I want to bleed the money next time.
A great place to stay with a calmer mid aged group.  . . Room/Pool:. As for the room and pool I liked the Vdara better.  Just a little bit nicer and a larger room.   The best part of the room is the bed.  WOW!  The most comfortable bed I have been in.  I fell in love with the pillow.  They sell the pillows downstairs at their store so I bought one for my house.  I also liked the room controller and the automatic curtains.  2 sinks in the bathroom was nice and the 2 closets were great.  . . Location:. Staying here was better for location because the casino was downstairs and it is close to many other locations.  . . We had a group of friends come over from Planet Hollywood and they loved the way the hotel smells like cupcakes a bit.  Also the quality here was much better.  . . We noticed a calmer relaxed feeling when we stayed here.  Even our friends were staying that.  At PH it was loud and felt a bit crazy.  We were partying and having fun being in our mid 20s but just felt better here.  I have also stayed at PH a few times.  . . This is my new favorite spot.
I WON!. . Yep. I actually left $110 richer. Well, not richer, but I was pleasantly surprised to win here. It's so new and shiny. I figured they would need to raise as much cash as possible.. . It's beautiful. It's clean. I wish it were actually on the Strip because getting here it's quite a hike.  Forcing people to walk through CityCenter is a great marketing ploy and probably one of the best ways they could have designed it. Still, in a land where moving sidewalks are the norm it seems like they could have figured out a more direct route to the casino.. . Wish me luck. Hopefully next time they'll comp a few nights so I can review the hotel too.
I felt like I kinda won the lottery.  Not at the casino, mind you.  Because casinos don't have lotteries, and that would be mixing metaphors.... . Anyway, this very sweet and very pretty girl I'm seeing had a conference in Vegas in invited me to join.  Hellz yeah, I said on was on the next Southwest flight to the desert.  We stayed at the Aria.  Her employer picked up the first two nights and I got the third.  Not a bad deal, eh, boys?. . I was very impressed with the ambiance.  The art and aesthetics were terrific.  Down to the embroidered leather wallpaper in the halls.  Coolio.  The rooms are auto-everything; controlled via the flatscreen.  Mostly novelty, but fun.. . We didn't really leave the room much during the day, as it was cold out and were are still in that super-early, fun, whirlwindy phase where everything seems impossibly romantic and sexy.  So we did order a lot of room service (tasty, but slow and sometimes forgetful) and enjoyed the thrill of being on the road.. . All in all, this was something between four and five stars.  I have to say, I didn't love that when I asked for a 2 PM late checkout, they charged us a half day rate.  Whatever.  Maybe I didn't win the lottery.  But, wait... hold on... JACKPOT!
The hotel is very nice, and there are plenty of gaming and dining experiences to be had. The rooms are large and very nice, and mine had a great view of the pool area. I would not pay full rate for the hotel as most of the amenities are available to non guests.
Their rooms are like chihuahuas. They're small but feel big. They did a great job with the restrooms and because their technology from the hotel room smart key to the remote-controlled room lights, bathroom lights, curtains, and TV are chic, classy, almost James Bondish, and fun. . . Their restaurant offerings include Lemongrass, Sage, Julian Serrano, Blossom, and Masa, andpossibly others. Lemongrass and Blossom are pretty secluded, just past the high-rollers' room. Julian Serrano's restaurant was pretty good. . . Their casino has at least four bars. There's a sky bar, a casino lounge, a sports' bar, and a sit-down bar. From my experience, cocktail waitresses take a while to bring me my watered-down hot chocolate, so nothing new there. The whip cream and hotness do make the first impression, but the taste just isn't there. Le sigh.... . Jean Philippe Patisserie is also here. The other one is in the Bellagio with their impressive Guinness World Record's biggest chocolate fountain. The one here at Aria has many cute and impressive decorations that do inspire you with some creativity. . . The casino decor in general is quite impressive, but the brown colors and all the vectoring make for a cuckoo's nest and will have you feeling a bit lost, except for the fact that Aria is less circular than Planet Hollywood and Circus Circus, making you able to navigate and actually understand which side of Aria you are on. There is also a tram available to take you to Crystals shopping center, almost like a museum for expensive name-brands anybody with a sane mind and not enough money to blow would buy elsewhere, but it is Vegas, so some people get a windfall and there you go. The tram can also connect you to Monte Carlo if you stay on long enough. It's nice. You get a view of Aria's pretty waterfall that changes colors because of its lighting, and there's also a very nice semicircular rock wall with gorgeous cascades.. . I generally like Aria. I would say that service could be a bit better, and they could make you feel less like a number.
I was lucky to get a great deal on this hotel ($110/night for the first 2 nights, $90 for the last night) via Priceline. Still on the pricey side, especially with the additional fees from priceline plus the outrageous $20/night resort fee (hey at least it includes internet), but ultimately I have to say it was all completely worth it for one of the best hotel experiences I've had.  I hadn't been to vegas in 3 years, and a lot changed in that time, including the entire city center.  We generally stay in 5* hotels on the other side of the strip (Wynn, Venetian, Palazoo) but it's amazing how advanced the technology is in these brand new luxury hotels.  Everything in the room is automated -- no more of those door tags, that is all done by pushing a button.  And pretty much evereything else in the room can be controlled by the tv.  I especially loved the way everything activated upon entering the room.. . Decor -- the decor in the room isn't anything too snazzy or swanky, but it is modern, appealing and, ultimately, comfortable.  The hotel in the lobby is very nice.. . Staff -- front desk and bell hops were all very friendly and accommodating.  . . Dining -- I was travelling alone, and I generally don't eat at restaurants alone, so it would've been nice if the hotel had more quick options for meals, beyond Jean Phillippe Patissere (not that I'm complaining about that place, it is amazing and delicious; an absolute must-try).   Also, all the food in the hotel is expensive so I recommend walking to the monte carlo food court for McDonalds, Subway, Rubio's, etc.. . Location -- Loved where it was placed, right in the heart of the City Center, next to Crystals, across from Miracle Mile shops.  You can walk to Monte Carlo or tram to Bellagio.. . Overall, this would be a go-to hotel for me for business trips.  Not a place I would take my family, since the rooms are average sized (unlike the Venetian/Palazzo)
This place is great if you're willing to shell out the money.. . Its a newer hotel, so all the venues are nice.  There are a lot of lounge areas where you can have a couple drinks with friends and hang out.  There are a good amount of people, but it doesn't feel too busy.  Things are a little more expensive and the minimums and higher than other casinos.
Really nice place. Can't wait to go back and experience it some more.
Very nice, classy hotel on the Strip.  The rooms were large and comfortable and I loved the large shower and well-lighted sinks.. The buffet is a good deal at $20, but the line to get in is very long - it took us an hour. The food was generally very good, but not the Chinese food.. A better restaurant is Cafe Vettro.  There's still a line to get in, but it moves quickly.  The service and food was excellent so this became our breakfast choice.
This place is a 4 star hotel and lives up to it. I didn't like the fact that they charge a resort fee for internet and gym access...its not even optional, its mandatory. If its mandatory why don't you just add it to the price of the hotel room initially and not sneak it on?? That was messed up, luckily its only $20 a night. Service was good, there wasn't a horrific line to checkin like some of the other vegas hotels. The rooms were clean and the technology in them was pretty cool. I would stay here again.
This is one of my favorite casinos to play at, me and boyfriend donated a lot of money to this casino =((. .  I like that the tables are all spread out as well as the slot machines. I love the decor, it's very dark, warm, and modern. I like the overall atmosphere of the casino. We recently stayed at this casino too, comped of course. The rooms are pretty nice.. here are my pros/cons:. . . Pros:. Comfortable beds. Shower and tub right next to one another. Nice view of thestrip (depending where your room is of course). Nice thick towels. Quick room service. Everything works at a click of a button (sorta). friendly staff. bathtub and shower are right next to one another. . Cons:. air ventilation in the room sucks, it was always stuffy. i wish the stink and mirrors were outside of the restroom. . . overall, this would be my second favorite place to stay at (Encore/Wynn is my first choice)
Second time I stayed at the Aria was for NYE this year. The table minimums have gone up quite a bit. On the plus side, it keeps the crowds out. But on the down side, I don't want to play $5 chips at Roulette at noon. Despite it being a holiday weekend, I could still find tables at MGM going down to $10, even at night.. . The hotel is nice, but again, my room at MGM Grand is nicer. The Aria room had a bunch of issues. The minibar fridge was broken all weekend so all drinks were hot. We left our room for 7 hours during the day and returned to a dirty room - room service hadn't been picked up and it hadn't been serviced at all. They send someone to clean up finally, but they never refilled the water bottles. Later that night, we call and say, hey we need those waters. They say, that's a separate dept. that fills the minibar and they also didn't do their job. And as a result, to get a bottle of water, we had to pay $30 at room service instead of $10 in the minibar. It was annoying.. . The beds are very comfortable. The casino itself is nice and attracts a nice crowd.. . But I still prefer MGM Grand. I never encounter weird problems like those described above and my room is actually nicer at MGM Grand.
Another hotel I have not stayed at, but I sure love looking at all these wonderful places..........so much to see, especially when I've never seen them before.  I really liked this hotel (again, can't comment on the rooms).  Very large, modern, sleek hotel.  Loved the colors, design, flooring, fixtures, shops, and in particular, it boasts a Jean Phillipe patisserie.  Loved the fountains outside.  Aside from eating at their buffet (see separate review), we didn't look around all that much.  Will definitely come back here.
I didn't stay at the Aria (but plan to next month, so I'll update if I do), but it is the closest casino to the Vdara.  My husband and I really enjoyed the casino here.  We aren't huge gamblers by any means, but it was nice to sit in a casino and not reek of smoke when we left.  They must seriously circulate the air because it never smelled like smoke!  We loved that.  I also liked that this casino isn't nearly as large as some of them, so you're much less likely to get lost.  Since the hotel is new, everything looks clean and fresh.
This is a pretty interesting hotel, room-wise. Stayed here on the 27th after checking out of Palazzo until the 30th, meaning I just managed to avoid the crazy New Years stuff for the most part.. . The room: The standard room is much much smaller than the standard 'room' at Palazzo so it was kinda O__o for me after being used to Palazzo for the first few days at Vegas, but I got used to it. What they make up for space is the crazy tech stuff that is their....remote/alarm clock/pad/thing which can turn off the lights, turn on the TV, close the curtains, set the alarm clock, get room service, and all that jazz. The bathroom is pretty small, especially the sink area. There are two sinks, but the area not occupied by the sinks themselves is very small and there isn't a vanity table in the bathroom so I have to put my makeup on top of the drawers by the TV. Despite the small inconvenience, the bathroom has its perks. The layout of the shower and tub is very neat and the shower has a seating area which is nice. The tub is deep so you can easily soak in and enjoy yourself without worrying about spilling water since the tub is right beside the shower in the shower/tub area.. The bed is really comfy and there are a lot of pillows and they're pretty soft and comfortable. Overall the room is small, but not bad.. . The casino: Pretty big with a ton of different stuff to offer for everyone. Most of the minimums I've seen are about $25, sometimes $15, so not too too bad.. . Location: Great location, close to The Cosmopolitan, Planet Hollywood, with tram rides to Monte Carlo and Bellagio, so you've got your options if you don't want to hang out at Aria the whole time, but don't want to walk too far or pay for the cab. Planet Hollywood has the Miracle Mile Shops that have the more lower-end stuff and there's the Crystals beside Aria for LV, Gucci, and all that, so you're good with all kinds of shopping.. . Parking: Multiple levels of parking, make SURE YOU READ THE SIGNS on your way to the parking lot. There are different signs with different directions depending on where you're heading so be careful! The parking lot for Aria has multi-levels, but you have to walk a bit to get to the entrance even if you parked on the same floor and near the entrance area. At least it's free?. . Overall, it's a pretty good place. After staying at both Palazzo and Aria, they have their ups and downs, but they're both really good in their own ways and neither is better than the other, so it comes down to personal taste.
Pros: Email notifications to offer standby room upgrades. Corner suites are gorgeous. The bathrooms are absolutely wonderful. Heated toilet seats! Lights, tv, and curtains all controlled through your tv or remote. For being the baseline suite it was pretty nice. . . Cons: The roughest towels i've ever used. My God, they were rough. It was like using corrugated cardboard. Shampoo and body wash were a total fail as well. I'd describe it as faux soap.
didn't stay here this CES, but since I never left a review for this place I'll use this one as a placeholder.. . 4 stars.  love the suites. it's really a toss up for me between aria and vdara.  they're both in the awesome city center so I really don't mind which I stay at.. . nice bars, restaurants and clubs here.  also hit a triple 7 on my first try here on one of the slots haha.  yay.
Overall very nice. I'd give it a 3.5-4 out of 5. Was clean modern and quiet.  The location on the strip is very nice and central as well.  The price was fair for what we got.  Also I'm not a huge fan of buffets but went to the complimentary breakfast buffet and found it to be excellent.  I wish they just added the resort fee into the price of the room however as the 20.00 extra per day is a bit bitter
Loved my stay at the Aria.  Stayed for just one night on a Friday.. . The room is sexy as hell - when you walk in, the curtains automatically open and the television turns on, with a text on it greeting you.  . . Bed was super comfy, the shower was great, and there was also a massive tub.  . . Minus one star for crappy water pressure at the sink.  This place also charges a "resort fee" which has unfortunately become de rigeur in Vegas, so you will pay a little more than the advertised cost of the room.  I feel like I can't really blame the Aria for that though, since it's pretty much impossible to find a good hotel on the strip that doesn't charge that these days.
Stayed here for EDC 2011 - it was a nice experience.. . We must have pulled into the back valet because we had to walk basically across the entire casino just to get to the front desk area to check-in.  The staff was friendly (yes, even the elevator security guys).  . . It was a luxury to have stayed at the Aria after a long evening of partying for 3 days straight in a desert.  . . Rooms = clean, sleek, modernized w/ technology upgrades that other LV hotels don't have.  A touchscreen remote that allows you to be the controller of the lights, shades, TV, music, alarm clock, etc.  On the smaller side, yet still good for four people. . . Beds = soft w/ fluffy pillows.  I just sank into the bed.  It was so comfy.. . Bathroom/Shower = It is of decent size.  I think I remember there being only 1 sink, yet plenty of counter space. There was a shower & a jet tub - only the shower was used that weekend.  First you walk through the glass shower door then behind that was the tub.  The showers always felt amazing - I didn't want to leave.  I'm pretty sure our room also came with an electronic scale.. . Casino = Clean, sometimes a little crowded looking.  Multiple eateries surrounding the exterior.  . . Buffet = One of my favorites in LV, but I can also say I haven't had much of a variety.  The first time I ate here, we were offered a 1/2 lobster tail for their grand opening or something.  . . Nightlife = Haze, probably one of the smallest nightclubs ever in LV.  It is below the main level and usually has a small to non-existent line to get in.. . Valet = You must go on the bottom level to pick up your vehicle.  Not too bad of a walk considering you would be taking an escalator downstairs.. . Pool = There were I believe 3 different pools - I only experienced 1.  It was a nice, hot, sunny afternoon & finding an open spot to sit would have been difficult without the help of one of the hostesses.  The pool had people in it, but it wasn't crowded and nor did the water look murky like other hotel pools might be.  I wanted to order drinks, but it was pretty hard trying to flag down a waitress.  We ended up not ever ordering b/c no one ever came our way.  Oh well, less money for us to spend anyways... but I did want a drink! :/. . 2 or 3 months after my stay, Aria sends a letter in the mail explaining how there had been some bacteria in their water systems that was causing some of their guests to become ill.  This was supposedly fixed by the time we had gotten the notice.  Luckily, no one from my party got sick.  . . Side Notes:  I like the large waterfall display they have in the front of their hotel.  Its so peaceful & I can sit and watch it for hours (i'm exaggerating).
I really liked this hotel/casino. The casino was large, clean, and had a good amount of machines, tables, and a sports book. Buffet for breakfast was a good deal at $16 dollars, and was quite extensive. I stayed at the nearby Vdara but my friend's room seemed pretty nice (except for the bizzaro tv mounted on a random pillar in the room). . . We walked all over the strip but ended up just doing most of our gaming here because it was convenient and accessible. . . Recommended.
We had an amazing deal for the corner suite during the Winter.  We booked a corner suite for only $169 per night (normally $400 per night).  It was spacious, clean, and hi-tech.. . My boyfriend works in computers, so anything hi-tech excites him.  Our suite consisted of a living room, 2 bathrooms, and a bedroom.  This was almost 1000 sq ft of living space!  Remote controls controlled almost everything in your room from the heating/cooling system, lights, tv, draperies, to the music.  . . The bedroom was in the corner with floor to ceiling windows facing the gorgeous Aria architecture.   The master bath was huge.  It had a jacuzzi tub, flat-screen tv, sauna shower, and a remote controlled toilet.  Our stay was memorable.  With a room like this, who needs to leave the hotel ;)
Stayed here with the wife for her 40th birthday last weekend.  Nice place but not quite on the level of a Wynn resort.  Encore makes you feel like a VIP the second you walk in the door.  Aria doesn't feel quite the same.. . The place is nice, very modern looking and clean.  The room was well appointed with qood furnishings but it was a tad small.  We didn't eat at the resort other than having a late night snack at the 24 hour cafe.  It was decent but the music from Haze on a Thursday night was vibrating the floor and walls!  Friday night there was an outdoor club, acorss the way (Marquee I think) that was audible through the window.  Luckily we had already been out partying so I was pretty tired and getting to sleep wasn't a problem.. . The pool was great but they must put some crazy chemicals in there because my eyes were KILLING me a couple of hours later.  The gym is top notch, just about every kind of machine you could want.. . The shopping over at the Crystals is insane!  Not many people there but then again who has the money to shop at Fendi, Dolce & Gabanna or Hermes?  It was prety funny seeing all of the shop employees with nothing to do.
I really enjoyed our stay at the Aria.  The customer service upon check-in was top notch.  We were a group of women spread between 2 rooms, and they were happy to put our rooms next to each other when we asked.  Awesome!. . The fact that everything in the room (the lights, the drapes, the TV, etc) could be controlled from this little touch screen thing next to the bed was cool, although I must admit I wasn't the most proficient at controlling things.  I could see how a senior citizen might get super confused just trying to control the TV.. . The beds were ultra comfy and provided a greatnight's sleep.. . The relaxing, deep bathtub with bath salts was a nice touch as well.. . We got a great price for our stay over the weekend...$160 per night.  We also got an extra $100 resort credit which we used towards dinner one night.
I like the aria.  They need to tone down the vanilla scent.  The check in process is still a pain, they never have rooms ready.
This place is HUGE... Had a conference here and I'm glad I wore my comfortable shoes, because there is a lot of walking to get around.  Didn't see the hotel rooms since I stayed next door at the Vdara, but I heard they were nice.  The conference center was great, but again huge, so expect to walk!  Sports bar section was nice even though the Knicks cost me 100 bucks...correction...cost my husband 100 bucks...lol.  Gave me a free drink ticket for my bet, but when claimed, i got the weakest drink on the planet.  oh well.  the chocolate dragon by the chocolate store was incredible.  I wish I got to see the store more closely, but I guess my wallet is happy I didn't...
Room is spacious enough. Everything is controlled by remote, even the curtains is remote controlled.  Bathroom is great with atub.  Only drawback is getting to the room can be confusing.
This is a lovely hotel. The remote control lighting is hard to figure out and has a mind of it's own. The curtains open and close at whim. Our room is VERY far away from the elevators (there's only one set on the floor). The bed makes up for most of it.... Great tub, good restaurants, nice decor. Careful of the weight sensitive minibar, and bring your own wires, as they don't have a dvd player or the wire necessary to connect it to the television.
Drastic improvements! No issues with power failure this time and got to enjoy the city view and the attentive service. Hotel management is responsive and customer service is truly superb. Our flight was delayed and so check in was closer to midnight versus the original 9:30 pm set arrival time. Unfortunately they gave away our original room but upgraded us to a sky suite upon realizing that our room was cancelled. Too bad we weren't there longer to enjoy the comfortable beds and luxury bathroom. . . I returned due to customer service reaching out to me after posting this negative review. They offered me a complimentary night and I'm glad we took them up on the offer as I have a much better impression now.
We were picked up in a limo from the airport and drove along Las Vegas Blvd into the Aria Hotel, we walked out and it was glorious. The waterfall was amazing and I felt like a queen. The lobby is gorgeous with their high ceilings and the front desk staff was very polite. . They gave us a free upgrade with a city view instead of the bathtub in the bathroom. We were on the 23rd floor right in the middle of the hotel and the view was unbelievable, a low floor because my boyfriend wanted a smoking room. (jerk) . When we walked in , the curtains opened up and all the controls are touch screen. Our room was a bit smaller than the rest of the groups but the bathroom was enormous! I absolutely loved the shower and our king bed was very comfortable.. . The pool in the aria was great, only tow were open at the time because it was off season and the waitresses walking around are very nice. The hot tub was huge and at a very good temperature. . . I didn't give it five stars because i ordered champagne and strawberries as a surprise and they told me it should be there within the hour, it took a lot longer than that and I was a little upset but I did love everything else about the hotel so I didn't complain, things happen. . . Overall it's great and if you like the modern look, definitely stay at this hotel and you can get some great prices!
I don't know why, but Aria never feels cozy.  I think it's just overly spacious and spread out, but it is kind of relaxing.  Some of the other casinos are just PACKED all the time, so it is a nice change of pace.. . The rooms alone though are always clean, modern, comfortable with a nice bathroom setup.. . The standard rooms have floor to ceiling windows, nothing new with modern places.  But they all have a faux corner window design that I think every single hotel or condo building in the world should utilize.  Makes you feel like you have a corner unit.  Nice touch.
Had been wanting to stay in this hotel since it opened and finally got the chance.  Not disappointed at all!
Very classy hotel to say the least. I only enjoyed one night but I will for sure come back for another. First, the place is absolutely gorgeous anywhere you can see it in Vegas. Inside you'll find a very modern looking hotel and casino. The place is quite spacious, clean and gives a refreshing taste as it is one of Vegas' newer hotels.. . My favorite part of my stay here was how technologically advanced the hotel is. I walked into my room and it was an automated technological galore. All the lights turned on, my TV turned on and my blinds started to open. I was only on the the third floor, a "lower end" suite, so I know the higher you moved up the nicer the rooms and most likely the better the experience.. . It's a different feel from all the other popular hotels in Vegas. You'll find a bit of a seasoned crowd with not too many young folks like me walking around. Apparently there is plenty to do here with nightclubs and shops. I just wish the Haze Club was open while I was here.. . Overall, a nice stay and I will win my money back on the craps table! :-)
Beatiful hotels rooms, where everything is electronic. You hit the Goodnight button next to the bed and all the lights, tv, curtains will turn off/close. Also the way by the way they set up the rooms it looks as if everyone has a damn good view of the strip or surrounding areas. Bathrooms were nice and had bright lights, only wished there was separate/opaque doors for the toilet/shower. So if you're staying with 3 other people you'll have to wait to use either the shower/toilet, unless you're just that comfortable with each other. Big plus for the tub in the shower, didn't even notice that until I actually took a shower. . . I guess the only qualms I have are the extremely long hallways and having to go back down to the casino level if you need to go to another room. We were on floor 6 but our friends also had a room on floor 20. So as you can see this became a hassel when we tried to meet up the others. First off I don't know why they didn't have us in connecting rooms, and secondinly they should've tried to put us on the same level or at least the same tower. No vent for the toilet area, so as you can understand it can get stuffy in there. There seems to also be a perfumed scent for the casino, which masks the cigarette smell but can also be a little too strong at times. . . So if you're staying here, enjoy the technology and amenities one might not be able to afford in their own house.
We usually don't stay in 5 star hotels but I bid $80 on priceline and this is what we got! Very nice hotel, rooms are large, bathroom is spacious, our veiw was not great since they put us on the 5th floor(i'm sure that is for all the cheapies like me who use priceline)  but no big deal, The Gym was great, the spa looked great (didn't use) and the pool was very nice though it was closed one day because of the high winds.  The casino was large and wasn't too smokey. The only issue here is the $25 resort fee you pay each night of your stay-otherwise we enjoyed our stay!
If you love a new modern hotel with all the amenities-you will love Aria. It is a good looking hotel and very clean. It feels like a new car. The staff was very professional and accommodating. I asked for an upper floor (it was my birthday) and they went above and beyond to get me a great room. The rooms seem larger than the stated square footage, but I believe that is because of the floor to ceiling windows. The pillows were so comfortable, my wife and I bought two!  Try and get a strip view above the 25th floor.  The hotel is filled with great bars and restaurants (make sure you go to Sage). Aria is centrally located on the strip so you are a walk or short cab ride from everything. . . The only reason I did not give Aria  5 stars was an incident in the casino. Bottom line: A video roulette machine that was 3 weeks old did not notify me of the amount of my bet properly and took it upon itself to bet an amount of money without confirming this with me. It turned into an quiet argument between me and the Slot Manager and lasted 45 minutes. He finally admitted there were problems with the machine and other guests had complained as well. He did make good on my refund but the incident ruined the evening and I only got what I deserved because I argued for so long. I was also surprised these machines were not taken out of service after my problem. .  . Overall-I put Aria in the same category as the other great hotels my wife and I have been lucky to experience --Bellagio-Encore-Wynn.
Great rooms with comfortable beds. LOVE the remote controlled sheer and blackout shades and the ability to set the tv and AC to go on at a certain time every morning. VERY cool.
I have been to Vegas three time now (yes much less than average casino fan). This is my first stay in Aria and I must say I am impressed.  From the first step you can feel that you are in one of the best!!. . I have checked out the gym, pool, couple of bars, they are all new and very very good!. . Rooms are beautiful (depends what you book). I booked Ultra Delux-City view.  It is the best compared to other ultra-delux city view I have stayed in my past trips.. . Overall, it is a very good package.
Modern and chic hotel in the city center of Vegas. I wanted to stay in one of the City Center hotels (Vdara, Cosmopolitan, Aria) and chose the Aria based on a promotion they offered. . . Definitely for the techy-audience because everything is controlled by an ipad-looking type of gadget. I was in for a pleasant surprise when i walked into the room, and the curtains opened automatically, making for a dramatic self-entrance. The bed is fluffy and soft, making for a good night's rest after a long day in Vegas, and the tub is right next to the shower. ! You can step out of the bubble bath and stand right into the shower to rinse off. Genuis! . . The husband and I also love the buffet at the Aria - one where quality definitely beats quantity. We'd rather enjoy a few select fresh seafood options over a mass produced type of buffet. . . Minus 1-star for the ridiculous $28 resort fee ($25 + tax). Either just tack it on to the price of the room or don't charge it at all. What's the point of the "resort" fee anyways?
Ahhhhh......Aria.  . . The Good. 1) New hotel with really nice beds, pillows, electric curtains/radio/lights/tv (yes...so your hungover lazy a$$ doesn't have to get out of bed to open the curtains, adjust the lights, or turn off the tv.). 2) Location - on strip attached to Monte and Cosmopolitan. 3) The great looking people...seriously....now I am a happy man in a committed LT relationship...but my goodness...the women here are gorgeous/hot....the guys are good looking too...but I think there are more good looking women than men.  Even for March Madness weekend...couldn't believe how many women were present.  . 4) Staff - every staff member I passed always gave eye contact with a "good morning", "good evening", "hello".  Now one would think that something so simple and lame as eye contact and a "hello" is nothing big...but seriously no one  does it anymore.  People probably think I am a weirdo because I give eye-contact to a stranger and give a simple nod or "hello".. 5) Lots of slots/table games to choose from.  I played the 12-man roulette machine - the one that has the real wheel/ball.  I enjoyed it because I could play $5 minimum vs the $15 minimum at the wheel that is manned.  . 6) Think I saw maybe a handful of kids...which is great that it was so low.  Come on parents...don't bring your kids to Vegas.  Although you may think you are a "great" parent for bringing lil Johnny or Susie.  You're not.  People go to Vegas to drink, swear, "bump uglies", gamble, or whatever.  I was with the guys and we were at the Casino..about 4 rounds deep...the language got a little vulgar as one would expect with 6 guys...and then I turn around and see 2 5 year olds...Doh!  And the parents shot me a look...I was like...hey jerk...take your kids to Chuck-E-Cheese...not Vegas!. . The Bad. 1) Restaurant selection and Price tiers - there is no cheap place. Period.  Cheapest place was $17 for a salad or panini and a coke.  . . WTF - worst part...when asked to have the "fresh" sandwiches not made with peppers or onions - the staff stated..."ohh...sorry sir, we can't do that...the sandwiches are already made." - so much for the "fresh sandwiches".  So I am like whatever Joe, your in Vegas at a "trendy" hotel...no worries...I say fine..I'll take that.  Then we wait what felt like 15 minutes for them to bring us our pre-made panini (and there was no one else in the cafe).  So it's not fresh, and it's pre-made - yet it takes more than 3 minutes to get your sandwich!?!. . 2) Cheapest table game is $15 and that is only during the day/early evening, and usually only roulette or 1 or 2 card games.  Most are $25 min.  Many are $50 min after 9pm on the weekends.. . 3) Club noise - we were on the 32nd floor (pretty high up there) - and yet even at 4am - I could hear the club music from below.  I know I sound old - but the night before I went to bed at 7a after an all-nighter...and wanted to get a quiet night sleep.  Slept at other hotels (3 stars) and never had noise issues - those rooms were like vaults.. . Tip: Hit the food court and the Pub at Monte Carlo (not the Pub at Aria!).  Good food at great prices.  McDonalds, Sbarro, Subway, & my favorite Starbucks!
While it doesn't surprise me that Aria T'Loak has an establishment in Las Vegas, I am a little surprised it would be such a posh and fancy place.  Maybe I just expected that because of what I've seen in Omega, not that Afterlife isn't a cool club, but this place is more along the lines of Purgatory at the Citadel, with its modern decor and all.  Just goes to show you that the Pirate Queen is full of surprises!
Stayed here a few weekends back and have to say it was a very nice hotel and casino. Located next to a mall and the tram for easy access to different casinos on the strip without having to walk much.  Definitely would suggest this hotel, I have also stayed at the MGM and have to say that Aria is nicer duh to how new it is. The lazy river is also a plus for the pool area.
Very excited to stay at the Aria after all the good reviews from friends. Check in was smooth and the agent was super helpful tying my two separate reservations together and directing me to the location of my conference. Took a little while to get oriented in the hotel, the low lighting makes it more difficult. Guest rooms are easily accessible, hallways are not NEARLY as long as places like the MGM. Room is very open and modern, large windows with view of strip. Touch pad-thingy is easy to use even though I've had a few issues with getting some of the lights to work properly. Curtains are blackout, I had no light shining in which made for an easier night's sleep. Bathroom is good, although counters are way too small. Like the shower/bath combo and separate toilet. Lots of closet space. Wary of the mini and snack bar, hoping I don't have any charges, I was warned at check in how sensitive both are to movement. Bed is super comfy although the blankets are a bit heavy for Las Vegas heat. No outlets by the bed, only on the desk and by the door. Staying here for a conference, the conference area is gigantic but incredibly easy to navigate. Our conference room is comfy, chairs are cushiony and they do a good job of keeping refreshments stocked. Love the airy space in the conference atrium to get some air when you need a break. Aria is in an ideal location, in City Center and you get to North or South strip with ease.
My wife and I headed to Vegas to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  We loved the ARIA.  Our first time to Vegas doesn't help us in comparing the ARIA with other casino/hotels but we're confident it's the nicest place we've ever stayed.  The room was super cool.  Everything could be operated by the IPAD type of alarm clock.  I was surprised at how spacious it was.  It didn't feel cramped.  The vanilla smell of the casino was really refreshing.  Much better than smelling the cigarette smoke.  I read a marketing team worked on the scent of the casino for quite some time (that's crazy!).. . Anyway, we really enjoyed ourselves.  We fell in love the crepe place.  They were amahzing!  At $12 a pop I still felt like we were taking advantage of them...they were that good.. . I docking one star because I didn't feel like the staff was as friendly as they could have been.  With over 4K rooms I know it's hard to go over and beyond for everyone but sometimes a simple smile is nice.  If the staff could take some lessons in southern hospitality I think they'd get a 5 star from me.  . . Regardless, it was fantastic and we would for sure stay there again....
Brilliant! Lovely hotel, great service, friendly staff. This is not often the case with the mega hotels in Vegas, where vast numbers of customers make it seem like service is irrelevant. The concierge staff was magical, room service was friendly, maintenance staff was fast. I stayed in Sky Suites - one br penthouse. It was well appointed and designed.
For my bf's first trip to Vegas, I decided to splurge and stay at Aria. I had gotten a pretty good deal on the room through the MLife players club, and while Aria is usually well out of my price range, between the deal and splitting the cost of the room, it worked out to be reasonable.. . Now I have a problem: We had such a good time at Aria that I'm not sure how I'm going to be able to convince him to stay anywhere else.. . Our room was comfortable and had a beautiful view of the mountains, which now that I think of it is better than a Strip view in a lot of ways. The room had a nice 42" tv that was clutch for basketball-viewing (we were there for March Madness) when we didn't feel like dealing with the crowds in the sports books and bars.. . We didn't eat a lot on property, except a morning breakfast at the Buffet (highly recommended). We primarily frequented the bar just outside the race and sports book, where if you play $0.75 a hand at video poker or blackjack, you can get comped drinks. It's also conveniently located to the Skybox walk-up window when you need some munchies - although pricey at $6, the french fries are actually quite good.. . So why didn't give Aria five stars? Well, everything is on the pricey side - but that's what you expect from Vegas. The problem with Aria is that in Las Vegas terms, it's in the middle of nowhere. From the casino floor, you're about a 10-15 minute walk from anywhere you might want to go, and 20-30 minutes from most of the places you actually do want to go. For a weekend, this isn't a biggie, but we were there almost a week - over time, all that walking adds up.. . Bottom line, of course I'd stay here again, given the right deals and such. I just wish it was closer to...well, anything.
The first timer will wander into this fine establishment and notice the not-so-faint smell of vanilla in the air. It's the signature of the Aria in my opinion.. . The Aria has several things going for them. First, they are located right next to Crystals, which has all the fancy shops if that's your thing. Their buffet is decent to good, the place is new, and they have a nice poker room. If you're fortunate enough to stay in their sky suites, they also have a bar by the entrance with free drinks, candy, etc. . . I tried to eat at their cafe once but the service was so bad, we had to leave. We were sat for 20 minutes and no one wanted to take our order, but all the other places were nice. . . The rooms are nice and modern, with electronic controls, much like Cosmo. If you are staying at Aria, you can't really go wrong.
Great large sized, slick room with the notable exception of the technology. Aria really bet big on tech to differentiate themselves using this centralized TV control panel for lighting, climate, entertainment and other things. Which would be cool expect for the fact that it's not. It's slow and ungainly and really started to make me mad after repeated failed attempts while intoxicated to get the TV working. The remote is poorly designed so i kept accidentally turning it off when i meant to hit select'. yes, maybe i could try it sober next time but i really do think that trying too hard to centralize the room controls and over-slick the room were a drawback. It's over-engineered like a motion-controlled bathroom faucet that you can never get to work right.. . i still give the hotel 4 stars though because overall the hotel is very nice and the service was excellent.
I love going to the new hotels before they get all old and dirty! . . Aria, being one of the newer hotels in Vegas, was a great experience. It's not as big as the other hotels, so I was not overwhelmed by the crowd. That is a plus for me because I already deal with so many crowds on LV BLVD and the clubs. . . The rooms were nice and clean. A standard room is actually spacious enough for five people. Nothing stood out with the room, but this weekend was all about having fun with friends!! . . I loved the eateries at Aria. First off their Cafe is 24 hours!!! 5 am drunk food right downstairs?!?!? LOVED IT. Turkey Burger was AMAZING! I would recommend that to anyone! . . They have a smaller cafe and bakery area called Jean Phillipe. Cranberry Macaroon hands down was absolutely divine!!!! This oversized pastry had fresh cranberries inside with a light custard! Macaroon cookie type deal?!?!? Yes! . . I was addicted to the smell of Aria. Flowery odor masked all the cig smoke smell! I loved the yellow tulips and flower decor all over this hotel! . . This is actually a great place to go to if you want to stay within the strip but get a less crowded environment!
It's a long review; the short list is at the bottom.. . It does smell like vanilla when you enter Aria. :) The casino is dimly lit with dark walls & subdued carpeting.  In contrast, the hotel lobby & front desk is cheerful & bright with its very high glass ceilings.  . . The check-in line was very long but moved quickly with assistance from a line coordinator who politely pointed to the next available clerk so the wait was minimal.  I suspect the air-conditioning was not working properly that day because it was very warm in the lobby. To compensate we were offered a bottle of water.  Nice touch. The check-in clerk was welcoming & helpful.  He identified on a hotel map where to get coffee in the morning.  Aria, does not provide in-room coffee service.  What they do provide is a tempting array of expensive snacks & stocked mini-bar.  Do not touch anything if you don't want to be charged.  . . Their "Deluxe Room" has the usual appointments such as shampoo, conditioner, soup, hair dryer, iron & ironing board.  Other reviewers have mentioned Aria's scratchy towels.  Yes, they're rough, but very thick & super absorbent.   I loved the shower & deep soaking tub layout.. My disappointment in the room was the lack of the highly anticipated "automated welcome to your room experience".  I received pitch-black darkness.  There was no welcoming music, no automatic opening of the drapes, & no auto-lighting of the lamps!  I fumbled in the dark to turn on the lights, some of which had been manually turned off so the remote controls did not work. . . After figuring it all out, we reset all the lights, drapes & music ourselves.   If you are technically challenged... do not stay at the Aria.  Also, our remote control batteries died so we were not able to do much with it.  This was especially frustrating because we were not able to view our online bill.  We asked for replacements, but no one ever came so we had to visit the front desk to check out, which by-the-way was also offline.  However, the desk clerks were helpful & made the best out of a frustrating situation.  An email listing our expenses was sent later that evening as promised.. . Yes, they have floor to ceiling windows, but the views are obscured by the uncomfortable armless chairs in the room.  If you are sitting on them, your back is to the window.  I'm not sure what those chairs are for.  TV watching is pointless from their position because the TV is facing the bed.  It's illogical.  The bed was sumptuous!  I love the soft sheets & large pillows. . The elevators are centrally located, so if you don't like looong walks to your room, ask for a room near the elevator.  . . As I noted earlier there's no coffee in the rooms.... I went to The Roasted Bean; splendid service & the coffee delightful.  Lines form quickly at this spot in the a.m. so I walked the short distance from the guest elevator to Jean Philippe, a sugar lover's haven for those like to indulge in exquisite pastries along with a morning cup.  The lines are longer for the pastries, crepes & sweets, but if you just want coffee & maybe a pre-packaged madeleine, there's a separate area for lattes, cappuccino & the like.  The staff at Jean Philippe seemed a bit bored; they did their job well, but were not overtly friendly. No smiles at all.. . I ate once at their 24 hour place Cafe Vetro.  Their coffee is also superb & they leave a full carafe at your table. That's about it for service.  The rest of our breakfast was a disappointment. Waited a long time to place an order & the arrival of 1 bowl of oatmeal & a veggie omelet took 25 minutes! . Our next attempt to eat at Cafe Vetro was a fail.  It was late night, but after checking the abbreviated late-night menu, we left without ordering.  In all fairness I'm a vegetarian-- Las Vegas hotels are not vegetarian friendly.  They could at least offer a veggie wrap or something.    . . Overall we would give Aria another chance.  It's a nice place.. . Hotel Location: 5 stars! Ideally located on the strip.. Maid Service: 5 stars! Organized our personal items! Nice touch.  Always a warm greeting in the halls.. Front Desk Staff: 5 stars!  Helpful, friendly, followed up on promises.. The Roasted Bean: 5 stars! Excellent service.. Hotel Lobby: 4.5 stars. It was warm, but they offered us water & the wait was short. . Jean Phillipe: 4.5 stars.  Superb lattes, can't get enough of their gelato, but need more smiles from the staff.. Self Parking: 4 stars. Bridge to hotel & casino is on the second floor.  Be careful switching lanes at the entrance to City Center, it's tricky.. Casino: 4 stars.  Card dealers are friendly but a cold reception from the craps table staff.  Many fun slots! Try "The Hangover".. Deluxe Room: 3.5 stars.  Water pressure was a mere trickle in the sink & slightly more in the shower.  Uncomfortable chairs.  Technical failure. . Cafe Vetro: 2 stars. Slow service, no vegetarian options.. Maintenance: 0 stars. They never came to replace our remote control batteries.
Very beautiful, clean, good location. Hot tubs not included- you must buy a $30 pp soda pass, which seemed chintzy in such an expensive new hotel.  But if I can get another sale price under $150/night I would definitely stay again. The beds were VERY soft & pillows were bulky, so my neck hurt the next day, just fyi. I will bring my own pillow and stay here anyway.
Beautiful! Great location (next to Cosmopolitan AKA MARQUEE and crystal forums). The elevators are located right next to jean phillippe, which is great for breakfast AND/OR dessert/snacks. The hotel rooms are not that bad (I'm not picky), but my  relatives preferred Wynn a lot more. Still, I think it is an overall nice location and I never fail to stop and walk around the hotel when I'm in the area! This is my bf's favorite place (mine is the girlier cosmopolitan tee hee!). . PS: The sports area is nice, and the sports bar and grill is a pretty awesome spot to chill as well!
This review is strictly about the water features at Aria.. . Very beautiful designs and nicely done fountains at both Aria and the Crystals shopping mall next door. You'll first see the waterfalls at the valet/hotel check-in area, and the other funnel-like and ice towers are actually in the Crystals mall. I'm impressed with how they were designed.
The first thing that hit me when I walked in was the soft flowery/vanilla smell. The entire hotel smells very nice, unlike most on the strip that smell of cigarettes. . . The front lobby lines are well planned out, as they can change the type of line each station with a change of etched class at the that station, which keeps the lines moving smoothly. Everyone was friendly and accommodating.. . You can tell this is a newer hotel, as everything is automated. You can control the entire rooms lighting, curtains and t.v. from the t.v. or the touch screen alarm clock at the side of the bed. You can set your morning wake up call to turn on the t.v., open the black out curtains and turn on the light above your head. You are able to plug in your phone to the panel under the t.v. and listen to the music on your phone thru the speakers. . . We went to Jean Georges Stakehouse while there and fell in love with the hickory smoked taste of the steak and choice of sauces that it comes with. . . I had a slight billing problem with there and Jonathan at the front desk when above and beyond to fix it. . . Definitely recommend this hotel.
Aria is gorgeous, smells like a fat kid's paradise (vanilla and sugar), clean, and modern. Seriously, we had one of the FASTEST check-ins (read: no line on a Friday afternoon) ever. But I can't give this place 5 stars because.... . One bedroom suite:. - No balcony. - No pull out sofa. - Cramped living room area. - 2 bathrooms with only ONE shower (but the master bathroom was freakin' gorgeous, and had a pretty big tv positioned next to the tub). - I hate when technology fails--and Aria's rooms are armed to the teeth with techy stuff. From the light switches, curtains, etc. Too many remote controls...too much partying...short tempers...basically, a bad combo. Our main tv and media hub was broke even after TWO tech guys "fixed" the problem.. - Hallways are SUPER RIDICULOUSLY long...it look almost 3 mins of walking from the elevator to the our room.. . But the hotel has a bunch of food options, is pretty, has a decent enough club downstairs (Haze, which is good for a night you're not trying to go balls to the walls in Vegas) and doesn't smell or look like grimy Vegas...so me likey but a bit too expensive for the likes of me.
The rooms are smaller than the Venetian...but omg, their beds and pillows are amazing. I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud in heaven.
For this type of Mega resort/Casino. I really did not expect much.  However my experience was quite alright.  it was not as bad as I thought to be.. . I received to the city view room on the 56th floor, with the view of strip (well, adjacent buildings).  The room was smartly decorated with the touch panel technology.  However, the bathroom was very small for the room of this size, but the wet/dry combination of the bathtub/shower is good example of how they utilize the space well.. . The worst part of the room is the bedding.  The sheets were made of cotton but the quality is horrible.  Have been sleeping at other non gaming resorts, I felt like I was sleeping with sandpaper.  It was one of the bad bedding but their AC was quiet and strong, definitely needed for Las Vegas.. . I also did not like how their check in lobby isso far from the guest elevators. Its only been couple years since they opened and the lobby smelled smoky already. Yucks.. . Ask for the quiet room with unobstructed views, so you will have more privacy without been seen/ seen your neighbors.
WHY YOU NO PUT ADEQUATE VENTILATION IN BATHROOM WITH TOILET!??!?!?. . I put this statement for the Venetian as well. If someone takes a shit, that smell lingers and it doesn't really complement the party atmosphere unless you're into sick shit.. . Aria is a bit overhyped in my opinion. The dark colored decor is modern and sleek but this place is the Lexus of hotels - sterile without real passion like the Venetian. Plus the fact that this place doesn't have a small living room space, which is standard in every Venetian base-priced room, forces me to rank it 4 stars in comparison.. . That said, the price is reasonable and I have no other complaints about this place.
I'm here way too often. . . The place is pretty great, and you have to take advantage of amenities like the spa and the gym to really have an appreciation for the place. It's clean and modern and is well positioned on the strip. The table minimums here for craps and blackjack are higher than at other upper-end hotels, so be prepared, or play elsewhere. The Monte Carlo is directly attached, as well as a tram that can take you over to the Bellagio.. . Inside you have Haze; which I think is a decent nightclub. Most of it's reviews seem to be about people unable to get in to the club. . . Really, did you expect the club to let in your group of 27 asian dudes? That's just wrong man, and you eff up the ratio.
I love the modern, understated style of this complex.  This property is amazing and you should at least walk through, if you get the chance.  The room prices are reasonable; we paid $149/night on weeknights and $189/night on the weekends.  They have deals with Southwest Airlines that saved us a bunch of money.  5 days and 4 nights cost $535/person with direct, non-stop (albeit red-eye) flights.. . In typical Vegas style, they've got like 12 restaurants & bars, an ultra high-end mall that I could never afford to shop in, a killer pool, and the best location on the strip.  You really can get just about anything you want to eat on the property, but it ain't cheap.  $18 will get you a buffalo/blue cheese burger at the PUB and another $9-12 buys a pint of some fairly hard-to-find brews.  The main restaurant, Caffe Vettro, served great breakfast and lunch, that wasn't terribly overpriced.  While there were a lot of people present, this was clearly a step above places like MGM Grand and Treasure Island.  The riff-raff has definitely been kept out of this resort; you won't find anyone puking in the elevators or getting into fights at the craps tables.  The only problem with this (to me) is that the minimum bets at blackjack and craps tend to be at least $15/hand, which is a little high.  There's something for everyone, but I'd leave the kids athome if you plan on staying here.. . The rooms are totally automated, which is really cool; everything is controlled through the TV, a separate touchscreen remote and wall switches.  It takes a minute to get used to and it's problematic.  EX: The Connectivity Panel, which is how you link into the room, has very specific plugs for iPhones and iPads, that can only be purchased from Aria...for like $32.  The USB plugs wouldn't let us access either of our devices and when we had them bring us a DVD player, it took the IT guys an hour and they still couldn't make it work.. . Nearby, you've got CVS and a liquor store, so you don't have to pay $8/ea for beer.  The staff was very accommodating and brought up a refrigerator, no questions asked.  We took our own drinks to the pool and we have friends who actually brought a drink into one of the restaurants (cringe).  New York New York is next door and the MGM is across the street.  Hooters Casino is within walking distance, if you just NEED a $3 game of blackjack.  Fremont street is a $25 cab ride away, which was annoying.. . Overall, I was impressed and will probably stay here again when I return.
Not going to go into too much detail for a place with 1300 reviews.  Yelp is accurate.  Aria is indeed a 3.5 star establishment.  I look at it as an overall positive experience, so I rounded up.  It's clean, modern, sleek, but not sterile.  I would consider staying here again given a good rate.. . Keeping it to the point with a list:. . -- Love the smell.  No nasty cigarette odor here.. -- For the quality of room, I got a steal at $400 for two nights in a King Suite and two tickets to a Cirque show.  Late check out was added to my package for no additional cost.. -- Super fast North Valet.  North Valet is close to guest elevators but far from main desk.. -- Super fast check in.  In and out in less than a few minutes.. -- Complimentary wifi (decent speed).. -- Rooms are excellent.  Furniture is modern, colors are warm, layout is classy.  Down feather bed with smooth cotton sheeting.  Equipped with numerous "one touch" light settings, and automatic black out drapes.  . . -- Didn't think of everything though.  No iPod hook up.  Must use their TV for music and movies.  Sorta lame.. -- As others have stated, extra tall shower and oval Roman tub share their own "mega stall" behind glass doors.  The tub is just for soaking, no jets.  So sort of useless.  I'm too short and couldn't adjust the showerhead.  o_O. -- Bath products are subpar at best.  Robes are thin.  No slippers.. -- Location is off the Strip.  Don't be fooled.  Yes, it's about 20 min just to get to the Cosmopolitan.  It's 10 minutes by tram plus a 5 min walk to get to the Bellagio.  And it's 25 minutes to get to the Paris. I don't mind the walk, but don't want people to think this location is "convenient" and close to anything.  It's not.. -- Charges a resort fee of $25 a night + 12% tax on check out.. . __________. . -- Pools are spacious, non crowded, and clean.  Favorite: 32 oz dragonberry mojito.. -- View Bar.  The best drinks I had in Vegas.  The signature cocktails are delicious.  Locals ask for Manny.  "Best bartender in Vegas" apparently.. -- Jean Phillippe Patisserie is a chain that's scattered around other Vegas hotels.  Nothing special.  No macarons, lame.  Except the large $4 raspberry macaron sandwich.  Yumyum.
I'll make this short and sweet. Compared to other Vegas hotels the Aria does not discourage you to hang in your room by providing less than acceptable amenities. I was here for business and not much of a gambler so really appreciated the nicely appointed room at a decent price. I went back to Vegas for the NAB conference and they were sold out so had to stay at the Monte Carlo which was a bit of a bummer considering I stayed at the Aria 2 months prior. Eh well.
In terms of room design and decor, Aria is pretty great. Smaller than what you may be used to in Vegas, but the room is designed and decorated well. I am not the biggest fan of the remote that controls the room because the touchscreen is not responsive, but you can use the smaller remote for the tv. Check in was simple and if you call housekeeping for anything, they are very quick to respond. I do wish the ventilation system was a little stronger, temperature control was fine, but I am a smoker and the odor seemed to linger a bit longer than normal (this may have something to do with the LEED certification but who knows). . . Some cons -  soundproofing could be better and I wish there were more reasonably priced dining options.
Lost my wallet there. Wasn't too worried. Talked to security and 10 minutes later they called me, having found my wallet/someone turned it in(?). I asked where I should go to pick it up - they said to sit tight and sent two security guys to get it to me while I was waiting at the sports bar.. . BTW, I always leave a little tip for housekeeping. I also asked for extra towels and bathy soaps and they TOTALLY delivered. So nice..... . Pricey? A little. But I'm a glutton for being serviced. SERVICE ME!!!!. . It helps that Jean-Phillipe is in the lobby. I'm also a sucker for a well-made crepe.
The best thing about this place are the deals they offer from time to time. I got a room for $109 on Monday facing the strip with $100 in food credit. The room itself is very modern with the newest trimmings in technology. You can literally control your room with a remote control. Just turn on the flat screen and navigate through the options and directories. You control all lights, temperature, curtains, alarm clock, entertainment, room service, check out service, etc.., The shower and tub are locked in one stall,  which is great. You got a phone in the toilet room which is EXCELLENT for those special calls!. . Room service was quick and the food was not bad. Again, I had the $100 in food credit so I spoiled myself with the filet mignon. It was the best room service steak I had experience. It came with a 10oz, bowl of fries, and a variety of bread.. . The downside of the Aria is what's downstairs in the Casino level. It's vacant and it just seems like a ghost town. It only has one gift and snack shop. You have the high-end Crystals mall next door but it only retails clothes. The resort is definitely catered towards adults and not families.. . Will I stay here again? 100% yes. It's clean, modern and the price is just right.
I had high expectations for the Aria based on what I'd heard from friends and family that stayed here in the past... so I was very excited to spend the last four (yes, four) nights here.  . . The gentleman that checked me in was not the nicest, which left a somewhat bitter taste in my mouth. That being said, I wasn't surprised when I finally arrived at my room (one of the furthest from the elevators).  However, the technologically advanced greeting upon arrival was pretty cool... the automatic opening of curtains, mood music, and a personalized welcome written out on the TV screen as well!. . The rooms at the Aria are clean, modern, and pleasant... They have all of the amenities you'd expect from such a fancy/high end hotel.  The bed is super comfortable and the blackout curtains are pretty amazing.  Great robes and toiletries too!. . I must warn anyone reading this that the Aria is huge - if you go here, be prepared to do a lot of walking.  Be prepared to do a lot of spending $$ also; even if you don't gamble.  Everything at this hotel is pricey including the coffee shops, restaurants, bars, in-room snacks, etc... but I guess that is what vacations are for, right? . I did visit Chill - the gelato/coffee shop each day, and I had breakfast one of the days at Cafe Vettro, which I enjoyed.  . . One thing to note that was very frustrating for me:  my phone would not work in the hotel at all, and neither would the wifi on my phone.  I have AT&T and haven't experienced this problem anywhere else, but it was extremely frustrating.  There were a few others in my group that had similar issues too.  Thank goodness the wifi was free and did work with my laptop or I would have been completely disconnected.. . There are so many amazing hotels in Vegas, and I like to jump around and experience different ones each time I visit, but I would return to the Aria again - especially now that my expectations are a bit more in check.
My experience with Aria was actually pretty good.  Granted, the only thing that I did here was use their valet parking, the room, and the buffet.  . . Check-in was very smooth.  I got in at quarter to two o'clock and the check-in lady found my reservation and got me a City View room that was "optional" but she did find me one so that was awesome.  She did mention that she was putting a $130 incidentals pre-charge on my credit card  for any of the stuff inside the room like the water bottles, snacks, and stuff from the mini-bar.  I've never heard of any hotel pre-charging for this but I made extra careful not to put any of my stuff near the mini-bar items as they were removing the charge after I check out.. . To summarize my pluses and minuses for the room:. . Pluses: automated controls, bed, TV channel selection, view(City View room), granite floor and counters in bathroom, fancy robes in the closet, Privacy/Service for housekeeping selected by a button and not the door hanging plastic thing. . Minuses: weak shower head pressure, desk chair not comfy when sitting for long periods, and curtains didn't black out all the light from the morning sun, enough light leaked in that woke me up at sunrise.. . Other pluses that I liked included the valet parking who I could call in advance to have my car ready to pick up, the proximity to the CityCenter mall, and the ample food options here(fine-dining and casual) including a bunch for dessert and coffee too.  I passed by and saw maybe over 20 flavors of gelato in their case.  The pool gets a pass for now because the day I went...there were super high winds so the pool had to close early and I also skipped the retail stores and the Cirque Elvis show.  The fitness center was very nicely equipped though.. . There is a lot walking involved if you stay here, especially walking from the self parking lot to the casino itself.  Make sure to take the tram or use the walkaway into Monte Carlo for easier access to the other casinos off the Strip.  If interested, make sure to pass near the Deuce Lounge which has a bunch of painted Christopher Walken pictures hung on the wall nearby.. . And a tip to any people who had trouble with the wifi for laptops or smartphones.  Make sure to log in to the wifi through your browser each time you log in with your device.  It's a pain, I know, but the wifi does work.
Stayed here for a few nights recently and will definitely be my top choice next time I'm in town. I'm not much of a gambler so I made sure to take advantage of the other things about Aria. . . - gym was super nice. free towel service and bottle water. tv's on pretty much all the cardio machines. made me feel a little less guilty about the buffet trips. yeah. plural. T_T. . - buffet was good. not great, butI've paid more for less. more than $30 for weekend lunch and unlimited champagne for like $8 more. snow crap legs are light-sabred for your convenience. try the veal. seriously!. . - room was pretty nice with great view of the pool area. the ac was not working and they sent a dude up to fix it within 10 minutes. . . - loved the pool area and I have to agree with my friend that for Vegas, the douche factor is actually pretty tolerable and people were cool. just be careful, the ground is super slipery, especially with sandals on. one dude slipped and it was not pretty.. . - staff was great throughout, helpful and pleasant. although checking keycards everywhere is a little much.. . Totes recommend this hotel especially if you can get a deal.. . *all kinds of sexy around too. swooon!
Stayed here on Yelp Spring Break (thanks Yelp!). . Gorgeous property - the calmer cousin of Wynn-Encore, located in City Center. Lobby is spacious, sun-lit with a wonderfully airy feel. While Cosmo is ultra-sleek, and Encore is opulent, Aria has a clean, modern feel. . . ROOM. Had a cityview king suite room on the 21st floor - not really a view as this was overlooking the main lobby drive. The room was smaller than anticipated, partially due to poor layout. The sitting area by the window felt like it was immediately up against the bedroom area, which was narrowly separated from  the desk area. The desk was located next to the overly large minibar, while the other side of the desk had dead space. . . Didn't really care for the overly dark tones of the room (super-dark chocolate). . Minimal room decor - emphasis was the dark wood tones and simple modernity.. . Bathroom had Decolav fixtures, Kohler sink, Toto lav and was modestly sized. Room is pretty hi-tech with a central console that controls room lighting, curtains, TV/radio. Top pick for room technology remains Cosmopolitan, however, for sleekness and ease of use.. . DINING. Several of the restaurants feature a prix-fixe menu (5-7pm), which is an interesting option. Prefer restaurants at Wynn-Encore vs. Aria however.. . SERVICE. Front desk was very professional and pleasant. Helped book a roll-out bed and upgraded us to a higher floor. Business Center was very accommodating and professional.. . POOL. Aria pools are calm and spacious - there are 3 pools besides LIQUID pool lounge. Found it quite pleasant.. . LOCATION. Aria is connected to Crystals, which has a bridge to the Cosmo. City Center is convenient to navigate and you can easily just spend time within this area. Crossing to the other side of the Strip can be challenging however, as there is essentially only one sky bridge.
Stayed here for 2 days during spring break last month and am finally getting around to the review. . The check in staff was great and check in was fast and only took a couple minutes and we were on our way to our room. We ended up on the 28th floor I believe and had a nice strip view. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was spacious, but it was kinda odd with the tub being in the shower, but still being separate. I wish I would have taken a picture so it makes sense what I am saying. The room was a little small though in my opinion, but it was pretty comfortable. There was all the cool electronic fancy doo da stuff in the room which was cool, but I really don't think the room was better than a room at the cosmopolitan or MGM signature. . The casino was very nice and the cocktail waitresses were really cool and brought us shots of patron while we were gambling. . The pool complex was really cool with a lot of pools and had a really fancy feel but not fancy to the point where one would feel out of place. The cocktail waitresses were really nice at the pool too and ask if you needed drinks. . We lost our keys a couple time but the staff at the front desk had no problems giving us new keys and making sure we tossed the old keys. I did have an issue with being charged $20 for a bag of chips from the weight sensitive plates in the room, but they took it off when wechecked out with no questions asked. But this has led me to always be paranoid about those plates now. . Overall, I wouldn't mind returning, but it would have to be at a promo code pricing as at full price I would much rather go to the cosmopolitan
I wish I could stay at this hotel everytime I visited Vegas. . . Positives:. Clean. New. Pretty. Aesthetically Pleasing. Smells Nice. Lots of Machines. Beautiful Room. Bathroom= All glass. Friendly staff. . Negatives. Someone can watch you drop a deuce.. unless you drop the curtain down (It can be a positive if you want it to be.. if you're into that kind of stuff). Financial drain on this poor student's wallet. . That's about all! I love everything about this place. What's not to love about Vegas? Except for the hookers. But they're not that bad.
Check in was a pain in the you know what! We waited 30 minutes just to get to the front of the line. We requested early check in, so that made up for arriving to Vegas early in the morning.. . Not sure why other people talked about how long it takes to get to their room or the strip!! Took us 20 seconds to get to our room from the elevator and 3 minutes to get to the strip. The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of poular strip attractions. Loved the atmosphere and the vanilla scent was not that bad. The restaurants are pricey, but it's VEGAS! . . Our entire floor was quiet! Room was perfect and we enjoyed the gadgets used for controlling everything in the room. Towels were ruff, but not see-through like another Yelper mentioned. The pillows were so comfortable; I bought one to take home.. . Pool was fantastic! Was not overcrowded and plenty of chairs to lounge.. We will return to Aria in the future.
Great hotel. Meant to give 5 star but the person at check-in was simply rude.
When i first saw this hotel being built on the tv show "Build it Bigger" i knew i had to stay here.  The architecture is just amazing, and there is nothing quite like it.  Yes, a beautiful and modern hotel/casino, and it actually has a "nice" smell! LOL!. . But of course, with beautiful modern elegance, comes price.  They do have a daily resort fee.  But i think you get what you pay for.  The hotel rooms are as beautiful as the resort (just about everything is controlled by a remote).. . The hubby and I stayed for 3 days, and enjoyed everything, the room, casino, the staff...I'd definitely stay here again.
Nice clean luxurious hotel. Friendly and courteous staff.  The rooms are are equipped with WIFI, remote technology that gives you full control of your room from automatic curtains to lights all from your fingertip. What I really liked about Aria is the comfort and security.
This place is super beautiful!  Has a lot of elegance and class.  Tonight, I met up with a friend at the View lounge.  The Aria is huge and goes on forever.  They have Haze and this Italian eatery to die for!  A couple of things I did not like about Aria is the darker decor.  The great thing is that it's new, however, too dark and boring for my taste. I also didn't enjoy the parking situation.  If you would like the valet, it's down one road with the Cosmo, but self parking took me down another busy road down LV Blvd.  Too much room for missing exits, roads and the smaller signs don't really help. Too bad my review is only about the casino floor, or my rating may have been higher.
Aria seems to be one of the "hot" places to stay in Vegas these days and after my 3 nights there I can see why. I don't think any good can come out of staying in Vegas more than 2 nights, but I was actually sad to say ta ta to Aria and Sin City after the long weekend.. . Like most hotels on the strip Aria is HUGE. When I FINALLY made it up to my room I was exhausted, but one look my clean, modern surroundings put a big smile on my face. I especially liked the blackout curtains and admit to pressing the button about 80 times.. . I visited the uh-mazing gym a few times as well and wish I had more time (and $) to indulge in a spa day. There's lot of food options throughout the hotel. Chill (located near the gym) makes a mean iced latte and I enjoyed a tasty breakfast at Cafe Vettro. My husband and I were going to check out the sushi restaurant, but opted to go elsewhere after checking out the menu and realizing we'd be spending a month's worth of diapers (sorry Baby R) on just a few sushi rolls.. . While I was in Las Vegas for work I did get a few hours of glorious downtime at the pool the last day. It was super packed, but we did manage to find some lounge chairs together. The pool waitress assigned to our area had a bit of 'tude and told us she didn't have time to take our order so we picked up some chicken ceasar wraps at the pool instead. . . There always seems to be a new "hot" place to stay when I visit Vegas, but I'd be up for another few days at Aria!
Unfortunately i arrived on a day that all mgm properties had computer issues so i waited a couple of hours to check in.  I am not even mad about the wait but more about the fact that no staff member warned us about a possible long wait when we first got there.   I am hoping Aria will assist me in rectifying this inconvenience.  Despite some issues with check in and check out, the rooms are absolutely top notch.  The view of the strip is amazing from their delux rooms and although you may think high tech gadgets isn't something you really need in your room, it proved to be very convenient at times.  You can control everything from thermostat Changes to room service from your tv.  The curtains open up for you as you arrive to the room and the curtains and all the room lights (including the bathroom) go off with one simple flip of a single switch.  Also many great restaurants to choose from (sage was amazing), and there was always a healthy line for the pastry restaurant.  There was a ton of people at the pools but because there's so much space it was never crowded.  Never made it into Liquid but the other hotel pools were great.  The drinks at the pool bar were a hefty $16 bucks a pop but that's par for the course at most pools in Vegas.  Casino smelt like vanilla which made for a pleasant time gambling.   My girlfriend used the spa and said they did a terrific job.. . The hotel location was perfect.  I've seen other reviews saying its too far from the strip but it's only about the length of a football field and then boom, you're right in he's middle of the bat part of the strip.  Other than the check out and forgetting to restock the bathroom one day, we enjoyed what Aria had to offer.  As long as management recognizes the inconveniences caused during their check in procedures I can definitely see myself making aria my go to hotel whenever I visit Vegas.
This place is a million times better than Caesars.. . Okay, the good.. . As an invited guest, check in is a snap. There is a little desk next to the main one.. . Self park entrance is on the LEFT as you drive into the city center street.. . There are more parking spaces on the 3rd and 4th floors.. . Once you get into the casino proper, go to the back wall (directly across from the entrance from self park) and follow it to the left for a short cut to guest elevators and lobby.. . The rooms are a little too high tech for their own good.. . Everything is operated by buttons: lights, shades, TV.. . When you walk into the room, hit the Master On button to at least see what is around you.. . The alarm clock is a touch screen control panel next to the bed.. . I made the mistake of turning it around to look at it at 4:30AM (to see what time it was) and it turned everything in the room on, including opening the shades.. . So, word to the wise, be very cautious when touching the device lest you trigger that master on switch.. . The minibar is sensor activated meaning, if you pick up an item to look at the label, you are charged for it. Even if you put it back.. . I locked the minibar and bought my supplies at CVS and ABC Store.. . I checked out on the TV.. . When you are returning to your room, you'll need to flash your room card to the security guards by the elevators.
This hotel is a welcome addition to the strip.  Hotels like this, Mandarin Oriental, Cosmopolitan, are remaking the Las Vegas Strip.. Attentive service, fresh atmosphere and vibe, good restaurant and bar choices.. Slots are tight, for sure!  How else can they pay for all of this.. It's impressive when a hotel of this size can maintain a 5 diamond rating.. The rooms are tastefully decorated with everything automated.  Temp, drapes, TV, all can be handles through the tablet next to the bed or through the television.  Completely automated!. TIP - grab a taxi on the back side (north valet).  Much quicker and easier and puts you away from the strip for quicker trips.. Only complaint here is the frosted glass toilet walls and doors.  I have been to 3 hotels since January that have frosted glass enclosed toilets.  I don't understand this trend in hotels and I'm sure I'm not alone in hating it.. Why even separate the toilet if you're going to have to close the whole bathroom door for any privacy.. I'm sorry - but after 15 years, I still don't do certain things in front of my spouse.. OK - 1 other complaint.  They need an organized line for the check in/check out area.  You're taking your chances getting in the wrong line and if you get behind a long check in or out person you're going to watch 5 other people that got in other lines after you move ahead.  They need to go to a next in line process.
Stayed at the Aria last week after the whole EDC fiasco and absolutely loved it! No complaints about the customer service since out check in was quick. The entrance to the place was kind of hard to find at first. Heard a lot about the hotel "being off the strip" but that wasn't the case at all! It's a fairly quick walk to Cosmo, just cut through the Crystal shopping center and you'll beat the heat. . . The casino was clean and did not smell like cigarette smoke which is a huge problem I have with other casinos. A lot of selections of food to choose from but not all of it was great. We did manage to eat at Aria buffet during our stay also. The saving grace was the abundant amounts of king crab legs up for grabs. . . Room wise was standard to most Las Vegas rooms. Aria standard room which we stayed in was a little bigger than the rest. Windows were nice and clean and the room was fairly technology savvvy. By the time we checked out I still couldn't figure out the control pad. . . Notes:. *no checkout through the tv, make sure front desk has your email address when you check in so you can do express checkout through text.. *$25 resort fee per day. *ridiculous $30 a day to upgrade to two beds. *housekeeping was keep and very accommodating!. *pool was okay
I just stayed there and had a great experience.  My room was excellent, great size, and well laid out.  Most of the staff was excellent, friendly and courteous.  The hotel is large, like everywhere else in Vegas.  The pool was good, with a great crowd.  Exercise room was fine.  On site restaurants were great, especially Julian Serrano.  Aria is located right next to a huge high end shopping/dining complex.  If I had a negative, it would be the location.  It's kind of at the end of the strip.  However, there is a very quick tram to Bellagio.
What respectable hotel on the Vegas Strip doesn't have TVs in the bathroom?  Aria.. . Although they don't have TVs in the bathroom and the hotel has extra dim lighting I kind of like this hotel. Get ready to walk but no more than any other place on the strip. And enjoy all the great window shopping at Crystal shopping center (who can afford that place?).. . The wi-fi and cell connection was a bit spotty.
I love the sweet smell of the Aria and the fancy remote controls in the rooms don't hurt.
Nice decor. Very modern. Only trouble is the pool does not ave an adults only pool. Other than that a nice hotel and resort. I would say this hotel s on par with Palazzo.
I'm giving Aria a 3.5, but chose to click on 4 stars because I stayed at Aria this past weekend and overall had an amazing weekend, so Aria must've done something right :)  . The good:  . -The staff is extremely nice and helpful!!  From the bellboy taking our things to our room to the concierge girl and the room service.....everyone was great and made the stay really pleasant.  . -The pool was great!  There are a few pools to choose from, so our party chose the one without any children - Bonus!  There were plenty of chairs, although we did get there around 8:30am (we couldn't sleep!).  There is a nice bar right by the pools that serve really great mixed drinks and buckets of beer that aren't too ridiculously expensive.  There are also massage therapists outside with massage chairs that are very reasonably priced.  I was planning on getting a morning massage but forgot because I was having so much fun in the pool!. -The location was pretty central.  It's right next to the Cosmopolitan so our trip to Marquee was easy, and there was a great little sushi place in the Crystal shopping area too.. . The bad:  . -I think that it's over-priced.  The rooms really aren't that big, fairly standard if you ask me and I've stayed everywhere there is to stay in Vegas.. -The decor is lacking.  I was expecting a grand lobby area but I was really disappointed, it was just sad looking with these dumb pieces of plastic paper with printed out daisies on the ceiling.  It just looked so cheap.  I was just really surprised with how little decoration they had considering they were supposed to be an upscale and expensive hotel in Vegas.  I mean MGM is better!!!. . Overall though, if I were splitting the price of the room again I would stay here.  If I were paying for it myself or with my husband, I would choose a different place.  For the price of Aria, you could probably stay at Bellagio which is honestly MUCH nicer, or the Venetian.
After staying at Planet Hollywood, and thinking it was going to be the "young and hip" hotel I realized that maybe I'm not young and hip anymore... and I'm okay with that.  The Aria is like the mature older sister that's grown up a little bit and has nicer things.  I like the nicer things.... . And thankfully I like nice things that are affordable or preferably discounted.  Aria always seems to have affordable rates.  I have no clue why, because it's a really beautiful modern hotel with many amenities.  There's lots of classy restaurants that offer a variety of food choices.  Not much on the low end level though.  Mostly nice lunch or dinner places.  But the citywalk attached offers a more varied cheaper fare.  . . On second thought, maybe I can straddle the line between young and hip and mature older sister.  The mall attached to this hotel has nothing in it that I can afford.  It's beautiful items, don't get me wrong, but I've already payed my discounted rate for the hotel, you think I'm going to bust out $2,000 for a Louis Vuitton handbag?  Methinks not.  The casino is also boring.  I'm not a gambler, so I like flashy things to entertain me.  PH had flashy things like dancers, fun bars inside and a young atmosphere.  This was a little snoozefesty.  So those were the downfalls.  Oh, and the buffet is awful.  See my review for that lameness.. . On the other hand, and a big upper hand at that, is that the pool area is awesome!  I love that they made it like a mini beach oasis.  Little sections with large pools and enough seating.  And servers who will actual get you a drink!  Not at all like the non-service I received at PH.  They have this VIP pool where you can pay to go in for like $30.  Now, I would never do that, but you can go in and eat lunch at the restaurant inside and stay to lounge around "for free."  It was awesome grabbing a lite bite and then lounging on one of the comfy padded beds in a less crowded pool.  Just a little tip for ya, just don't crowd the pool too much for me:). . If I weren't able to choose between the million other options in the Strip I'd most definitely go with the Aria again because, I gotta be honest, the pool area won me over above the rest!
This is a shout out to John at the valet for Aria.. . During my latest visit to Vegas, I didn't stay at Aria, but had relatives staying there.  Aria lost my rental car after they parked it.  Apparently (after the fact knowledge), they brought it out to the wrong valet.  I was annoyed and said to John that Aria should get my cab fare so I could pick up my cousin at the airport.  He said he'd pay out of his pocket; I declined but said I expected when I returned that he'd park it in front so that they couldn't lose it again.. . I returned and told the North Valet and told them John said to park it in front, which they did.  When I came back again the next day, I didn't ask for the same treatment.  I went to pick it up at and saw John randomly.  He said that when he came on shift, he saw my rental parked in the parking structure and moved it to the front.  Nice job, John!  Thanks for everything.
A nice, new hotel in a decent location.  Rooms were impressive with the state of the art one-touch all-purpose remote.  One remote controlled our entire room... blinds, temperature, lights, and t.v.  The bed was comfortable and the pillows were nice.  I think that the hotel is energy efficient because the shower water pressure could not be adjusted and the shower only got moderately hot, no other adjusting.  . The water wall in the front was mesmerizing and impressive.. The entire hotel casino and lobby smell strongly of vanilla cupcakes at all times, they must pump that smell through the air vents to cover up the smell of smoke.  If you have a sensitivity to smells, this would not be the place for you.. The City Center is a nice shopping mall that consists solely of high-end stores.  If you're looking for high-end shopping, you'll love it here.. Not my favorite place to stay in Vegas but most definitely not the worst.. It's possible that I'll be back...
I've been to Vegas about 8 times and I've stayed in a variety of hotels, from the Venetian, Paris, Bellagio, Bally's, Wynn, Caesar's Palace, Hilton, etc. I'd say that Aria is the most modern and sleek hotel. Maybe because it's one of the newer ones, but I will admit I like their ambiance. The location is great, it's right by City Center where all the shopping happens.  . . The buffet needs improvement but it's not too bad.. . Jean Phillipe's restaurant has delicious foods and pastries, but their logistics on how the lines work should be changed, we waited forever for a few croissant sandwiches. . . Their pools are pretty cool, there's the family end and the Liquid Lounge area for the 21+ who wants to party in the sun and drink all day. . . All casinos spray these fragrant air into the room to get people to want to gamble, I'd say I like the fragrance Aria chose, whatever it is. Their busy carpets are also suppose to get people to keep their eyes up on the slot machines to gamble, which didn't work for me. I'm glad to say that Aria's busy carpet isn't as gaudy as some of the other casinos. . . Most Vegas hotels are now trying to cater more to kids, i took my daughter here and they were very accommodating. In fact, Christina Milian was there with her daughter Violet at the pool, so obviously kids are more than welcome here.
Gorgeous hotel and casino. I like how it feels new, and yet it doesn't feel "stuffy" I can still walk around in sweat pants and feel ok! It definitely has an Asian flair to it. There are a bunch of Asian restaurants and the entire design is just sleek and chic.. . One downside was probably user error on my part. The high tech rooms with crazy alarm clocks and remote controlled everything wasa little frustrating! I accidentally hit the "good night" button and every light turns off, the TV turns off, and the shades automatically close. . . The pool was nice and relaxing. We did not go to the "hip" pool. We needed some quiet time if you know what I mean. . . Overall, I will stay here at this hotel again. . . Valet service was speedy!
When my friends suggested the Aria for a bachelor party weekend headquarters I was skeptical. I assumed the price and the ambiance would not be conducive to a wild Vegas weekend. Boy was I wrong. The suite was very affordable when divided among the people staying (which may have been over the recommended capacity) and well appointed much like a furnished flat. The view from the wraparound floor-to-ceiling windows was fantastic and the blackout curtains kept the eye melting post inebriation sunlight at bay. The wet bar area with refrigerator was a great touch and was well used from the time we arrived until the time we departed. Our hosts even provided our group with a bar kit for mixing. . The pool area was what you would expect from a Vegas resort of this caliber: beautiful people and fruity drinks. There are multiple pools which always seem to be busy and restaurants adjacent so you don't have to get out of your bikini to have a snack.. In the lobby I suggest getting a drink at the View Bar. As the name implies it is a great place to people watch, hang out and actually be able to have a conversation. My friends love the evening bartender Manny who mixes drinks using fresh fruits and ingredients.
Very nice Hotel and Casino. I came here when the CityCenter had just opened, and ended up getting lost because of how huge the whole complex is. I recently went back with my brother to go join a friend for some drinks. It has a very modern and sophisticated ambiance to it, and it even smells quite nice. I don't know if they have someone spraying some air freshener or something, but it's a great change from the cigarette smell of other casinos. Grabbing a drink in one of the bars and people watching is always interesting. The slots weren't too friendly with me though, so that's always a bummer haha.
The rooms here were overly "wired", as in everything was controlled by the same remote, which was good and bad - it would have been nice to easily just turn on a single light if you wanted to, without having to walk to wherever you left the remote.  The stay was extremely comfortable, it was probably one of the most comfortable beds I've ever stayed on, and the room was surprisingly quiet for only being on the 3rd floor.   . . I'm not sure why, but it seems everything in Vegas is not made to be efficient...as the the walk from the self park to the hotel area, probably takes a solid 10 mins walk...and then the walk from just your room to the elevator had to be well over 5 mins. . . The location is great, right in the middle of the strip, and if you're into high-end shopping, you dont have to wander too far from the hotel. Downside is they tack on a high resort fee to your nightly stay.
I've stayed here a few times and I really like the hotel. The rooms are very nice, the staff is friendly, I like the pool (and it is isn't crowded) and the spa/health club are excellent. We got massages on a Friday morning and it was great because you get to keep your locker all day so we were back and forth between the spa, the restaurant, the pool bar and the pool ll day (I recommend this). . . I don't love gambling here. I mean, it's fine, but I think the casino is a little dark and it's hard to find reasonably priced tables sometimes. But, the cocktail service is usually very good, the dealers are quite friendly and I recently discovered that you can redeem sports book tickets at the casino cashier when the sports book is not open (this is really fantastic). I don't really care for the layout of the sports book - it seems very cramped to me.. . I like the variety of restaurants at Aria and its close proximity to Bellagio and Monte Carlos (walk - don't take the tram). I will definitely stay here again.
ARIA Resort & Casino is an outstanding Vegas hotel in terms of room, grounds and staff (pics uploaded). . Enormous in size, and can be considerable walk to your room.. . The hotel itself is bigger x2 than you can imagine.. . Pool area is exceptional (pics uploaded). My favorite area when not working or losing money in the casino :) .. . Tip:  ask for higher floor for great views of the city.. . Alert:  As other reviewers have noted, both meal and drink prices are excessively high...think NY City prices and greater. The room rate may be reasonable, but nothing else is. Otherwise, this would be a five star review.. . Even taxis are relatively expensive in this city.
Aria is bigger, better, and bolder than you think. . .  * Hotel * . Check-in was more painful and slow than expected, but the room was clean and modern. The view from the full-length windows was like many in the nearly 4000 guestrooms: clear and of the next hotel and the freeway. You didn't come for the view, so, enjoy the comfy bed and nice amenities in the bathroom before hitting the strip again.. . * Restaurants *. With more than 10 places to eat, Aria really offers something for just about everyone. I love the Jean Philippe Patisserie for pastries, croissants, and crepes. Lemongrass is Asian-Thai Fusion when you need it while Barmasa is a bit overpriced Japanese, yet fine. Of course, The Buffet (as it is called) is the buffet and should fill you for one day.. . * Activities *. Viva Elvis was an ok Vegas show, but not a very good Cirque du Soleil show. I'm looking forward to its replacement in November with another Cirque show called Zarkana. Haze Nightclub is only open Thursday - Saturday. It may not be the best of the best (ok, it isn't), but it was still fun for one night. For shopping, have fun "looking" at the expensive merchandise at the upscale name brands in City Center. The casino isn't nearly as large as you'd think, so, it still has a small casino feel to it. After you lose your cash, use your credit card to pay for a visit to the Spa or get a Cabana at the Pool.. . Aria Hotel & Casino is a "nice" hotel to stay just a little back from the Strip. If you can't afford a 5-star Vegas hotel and aren't comped at one of the other Strip Theme Hotels, then Aria is a charming choice for a couple days.
51st floor room view was amazing!  Floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip.  . . It was my sister's birthday and wedding anniversary.  They sent up a small plate of chocolate dipped strawberries and desserts with a card.  Nice touch.
I stayed at this resort on July 3nd - 5th. I arrived 1:00 am, check in was smooth and quick. Room was high tech - I can control the whole room with the touch of a button. Even on the 4th floor, the view was fantastic; I can see Vadra, north end of Bellego, and the Comso right from my hotel room. Dang no coffee in room however the coffee shop "John Felipe" does make Starbucks sound like a rip off. Casino smells beautiful. Buffet was okay; so far I perfer the Wynn buffett, more selectons of super high quality foods. Pool was a paradise especally on a 80+ degree days. The only down side is resort fees is $25 per night plus tax; then again even low end hotels like Circus Circus has resort fees so with that in mind you cant go worng in this joint. Overall if the room price is reasonable I will be more then happy to stay here again.
Yes, its true it smells like freakin' vanilla when you walk in. Almost too much vanilla.. . I loved the Aria, my husband thought the $200/night rate (after taxes and resort fees and taxes ON the resort fee) was a lot of dinero that we could of spent on the craps table or slots. . . We've had some bad experiences with Valet at other places so we self parked. BAD IDEA!!! The check in was all the mother effen way across the hotel. I SWEAR! Just do yourself a favor and valet. It felt like an eternity. . . But awww, we FINALLY got to our room, which after an "invited guest" check in was still a long wait. So bring your patience. Those lines are outrageous. . . The room was gorgeous, the bed so soft tons of pillows and tons of neat little gadgets like the curtains opening for ya. Yes, the novelty wore off but it was fun. . . Wifi - was included in the $25 resort fee was spotty and could never connect. We used our 3G on our phones and iPad most of the trip. . . Food and drinks - no food court peeps. Want pizza after a long night out,guess what walk over to Monte Carlo. . . The Pool - fancy schmancy and nearly 50 bucks for 6 beers, of BUD LIGHT!  But they make these mojitos with berries, yummy and $24. That added up REAL quick.  We spent most of our day at the pool and I couldn't complain, my husband missed the Monte Carlo and their lazy river, go figure. And their cheaper beer prices. . . The best parts - Sage - great dinner, the not having to leave the complex, want cheap tables take the bridge over to Monte Carlo. Want to go to Bellagio like we did for O, take the tram FOR FREE.  The staff was friendly for the most part, constantly saying hello. At the pool though you swear it was hard to get a waitress. . . All in all I loved it here, but buckle up, everything IS pricier, from the beers, to the tables ($15 a hand at night). but your paying for the vanilla in the air and the modern look of the place. . . p.s. Their building a HUGE Javier's on the casino/1st floor. Wonder how expensive THAT'S gonna be!  Next time were going to Monte again and taking the bridge over to smell the vanilla.
I enjoyed this place. Nice rooms, comfy bed and modern gadgets.
After being disappointed at the downslide of the service we were getting at Palms lately, we decided it was not worth the free room.  Plus their poker room sucked and there was almost never any games going.  We decided we'd need to pay out of pocket and get a room and find a new hotel.. . BEST DECISION EVER!!!. . Where to begin...  The hotel smells like Vanilla when you first walk in.  A bit overwhelming, but a nice change to being welcomed by cigarette smoke.  We got there early and they had no problems allowing us to check in and go to our room early.  They use to no line method when it's not busy.  They do this right.  It's not the free for all you find at other places.  They had a young lady with an iPad standing in front directing people and creating order where there would otherwise be chaos.  The clerks were on top of it.  They look up once they are done with a guest to find the next.  No waiting for acknowledgement that never comes.. . The room was very nice and pretty decently sized.  Everything had a control.  Lights/TV/Music/Curtains...  All at the tips of your fingers, either when you walk in, at the end of the short hallway, on the TV, on a bedside remote, or on the wall next to both sides of the bed.  Yes they make everything convenient.  The bed was soft, which I know isn't for everyone.. . The bathroom is nice and roomy.  They had a Japanese Soaking Tub next to the shower that I didn't get to use, but I will my next go around.  They have free Wi-Fi though out the hotel casino.  You don't have to be a guest to connect either.  If you are idle for a period of time, you will be timed off their Wi-Fi.  Inconvenient yes, but I understand why they do it, so no problems.  Just reconnect and you are good to go.. . Now we did register for the poker rate, so you do have to go to the Poker Room Manager sometime before you check out to have them adjust the rate for you if you want to do video check out.  Unfortunately for us, through some snafu the rate was not adjusted, so we had to check out at the lobby.  When we got to the clerk, it was a quick phone call to the poker room and our rate was adjusted.. . Back to the long line.  It was 10:30AM on Sunday, so this is to be expected, but this line moved quick.  They were almost fully staffed so there was a nice flow.  The lady with the iPad was there again, helping the flow and preventing line cutting.  I realized she is here so that people can ask questions and not cut the line or wait in line to ask a clerk.  I'm sure she can make dinner reservations for you, if you asked...  I'll try next time.
Awesome experience at the Aria!! Look out for the 45 minute wait to check in. Other than that, it was an excellent hotel experience. Booked on Hotwire but would have gladly paid triple for the type of service and amenities we received.
First off, it's a beautiful and modern hotel.  The rooms are beautiful, but their remote control system for the TV, lights, and window curtains - not user friendly.  I'm in IT and I had to take my time to figure it out.  All I could think of is that if my parents were there - they would be hating that thing.  I do have to say, I do love the "goodnight" button on the wall.  Push that, the lights dim out and the curtains close on their own.  Lovely.. . In the casino, it's your typical Vegas casino with the slots and tables games as far as the eye can see.  Some really cool casino floor bars as well.  What I really didn't like is that it was HOT!  Where's the A/C???  And also, as a non-smoker, I smelled smoke everywhere.  Very poor ventilation system.  I was at a slot machine and the smoke scent was so strong, as if someone were right next to me, but there was no one in my whole area (this was late at night).. . On the whole, beautiful hotel.  A little too dark for me.  Needs some tweaking to the air system.  Would I stay there again.  Yes, but only with a really good offer.  I prefer some of the other hotels on the strip.
We like the hotel. We like the modern design. It's clean and the in-room dining food are tasty. . . The Buffet is pretty good as well.
5 star hotel. Sick ass rooms and amazing bars. Pretty pricey for food and drinks but online sites have some good deals on rooms
I read on here before I booked at Aria and I was excited to check this place out.. . Check in a breeze. Check out even more breezy.. . The game floor is really clean, new and doesn't have a smoke smell to it.  restaurants  were of a nice decor and we checked out Sage and it was Epic. Really well put together meal. . . Concierge was friendly. Printed out our cirque tickets at MGM Grand, and pointed us on our way. . Location is really good. Walkway to Monte carlo which has a fast food court and cheap tables. Connects to the Vdara and Bellagio via tram but walking for us was way faster. and right outside Aria is a CVS store for cheap booze. . Now to the rooms. I gave in to the Aria due to the fact it was suppose to be super hi tech. Everything can be controlled by the remote, but I was expecting more. The bed was extremely comfy but the pillows were horrid. 3 pillows evened out to one for me. The air conditioner said it was set for 61 degrees which is the lowest it went and it never reached that temperature. Stuck around 65/67 the whole time. Really strange. and lastly the toilet. Didn't think to flush first before I used it for the first time, and of course it didn't work at all. So that kind of sucked. Simple call to front desk fixed the problem. Reviews on here said they experienced the same problem; so words of advice, flush first, then try.. . Aria is a fun place to stay in Vegas if you want something a little more relaxing and a little less Vegas Vibe.
We stayed here for a week, it's a very modern/high end hotel with good service. It's a bit of a walk from the strip, but the free tram takes you to the Belagio when your feeling lazy. We had a nice view of the roof deck pools @ the Cosmo, the free tram, and the Riviera in the distance. The lunch buffet was better than some of the pricier alternatives on the strip, and the City Center shops were close by as well. If you you want to skip the lines and crowds when entering/leaving via cab, use their back entrance/exit (by the convention center), it's usually much less crowded and always attended.
I've stayed here for FREE at least four times because I'm an M Life (Aria, Bellagio, Vdara, Mandalay Bay, MGM Grand, others) player's club card holder. I don't gamble an insane amount, and yet, they email me 'deals' pretty regularly- my advice is to sign up for a players card at your favorite casino. It's worth the 20 mins out of your day!. . Nver had any problems during check-in. Front desk staff is friendly and efficient. Rooms are sleek, very modern and clean. I love new! Beds are some of the most comfortable I've ever had the pleasure of passing out on. On my first couple of visits, we had luxuriously heavy down pillows but during the last stay, our room had run-of-the-mill poly-filled ones. Still nice and oversized, but not the same. That was a minor disappointment.. . Bathrooms are spacious and newer, which addresses my two hotel dealbreakers: cramped bathrooms with no counter space, and old, crummy fixtures. Shower is also spacious, mostly because the soaking tub is inside the shower stall. It's a little weird but convenient if you want to rinse off before or after your soak. . . Casino floor is clean and nicely laid out, albeit not the biggest. I actually prefer it that way. I can sit and gamble or throw away my money on a slot machine without a convention of dentists parading past me. For a larger experience, I go to Bellago or Ceasars. Which brings me to location.. . Location is very good. It's smack in the middle of the best part of the strip within reasonable walking distance to Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Ceasar's. Some people don't like that Aria is a bit of a trek from the sidewalk because it's set so far back from the street. I don't know. Like everything in Vegas, time and distance are deceiving. I've walked into the MGM Grand to meet a friend in her room, and 15 minutes later, was STILL walking to get there.. . Lastly, I like the way Aria smells. Their lobby/casino aromatherapy is pleasant and soothing. All the hotels have it, but my nose votes Aria, Bellagio and the Ventian as the best smelling hotels in Vegas.
Awesome hotel is all i can say.  Best I've stayed at so far in Vegas.  It used to be the Encore and while Encore is still up there, Aria has it beat only because of the amazing view we had in our Corner Suite.  . . Our bedroom had an amazing view of Cosmo, Planet Hollywood and the strip.  The bed was my god oh so comfortable!  . . Our master bath blew my mind.  Decor was beautiful and our jacuzzi bathtub was facing out the walled windows which over looked Vdara, Planet Hollywood, Cosmo and the strip.  It was amazing taking baths during the day/and nite with all the bright lights shining in.. . We were set up with all different sizes of towels galore which made it so convenient.  Even had some extra amenities like mouthwash, razor, shaving cream, nail file, etc.... . The venting system works great.  We had a smoking suite but after 15 mins of smoking, the air was almost completely clear of such smell.  . . The curtains/shades/lights were all controlled from each wall in the rooms, the digital bedside clock or the TV.  Its real fancy, but to be honest - a bit confusing.  I found myself closing things i didn't want to close, turning on things on i didn't want on.. etc.. . The hotel staff were VERY nice.  Great customer service!
I have stayed here many times and it is the best hotel in Vegas.. . On the most recent visit, the TV remote was swapped with a generic one so you cannot access any of the on-screen menus with the remote so you have to use the small touch screen by the bed which is terrible.  They ended up giving me a partial credit for this which was nice. . . The mattresses and pillows at Aria are BY FAR the best I have ever had, anywhere.  It is just amazing.. . The room layout is excellent - nice closet space, spacious bathrooms, and the whole automation system with the lights, curtains, tv, audio, is great.  . . They charge a $25 resort fee per night which includes Wifi, gym, and other services.. . The finishes overall are very high-end looking, no complaints.  They did forget to leave me soap and shampoo on my last night but I'll let that go as service has always been great besides that.. . The restaurants are great and being next to Crystals you have all the shopping you need.. . The Casino is pretty standard and dealers are very friendly. I play craps mostly and they have 12 tables and usually most are $10-15 and not too crowded.. . One complaint is the limited breakfast options.  The Jean Philippe bakery is always packed and fairly expensive with limited seating. One tip is you can go to the other side of the Casio (past Deuce next to the Valet) and they have a small coffee shop with some of the same Jean Philippe pastries with hardly no line.. . Room rates are pretty good and usually lower than other high-end properties like MGM or Bellagio. The only downside is if you come here for a trade show, there is no monorail to the convention center.
Best beds ever! I knock out the moment i'm on it and that's not something i do very often. No pillows needed, it's THAT comfortable. Very, very nice!. . The room is cozy and modern. You have a tablet device that controls everything from the room temp to tv and alarms. Ours kept freezing up though so we had to fiddle with it for a while before getting what we want, so that's kind of annoying. They do have small switches all around the room where you can manually turn things off, so no big deal. Great view of the strip, and the casino downstairs is fun but be sure to bring plenty of cash since the cheapest table I found was $25 to start. . . All in all it's a really nice hotel. It's right next to Cosmo and across the street from Planet Hollywood so the location is pretty convenient. There's also a tram that can take you to City Center and Bellagio so you can avoid the insane Las Vegas heat in the summer that way. It's not my first choice of hotels to stay in Vegas but I wouldn't mind staying here again next time I find myself in Sin City.
Gorgeous Hotel on the Vegas Strip!
We stayed at Aria because of a GREAT deal that Southwest Airlines was offering. The deal included airfare, lodging and show.. . GREAT:. * hotel is located centrally on the strip. * has an internal free tram that takes you from Monte Carlo to Bellagio. * beautiful decor, with high celling. * modern rooms with remote control access on tv. * security guards for room access. * great restaurants within the hotel. * easy access to Crystals at City Center. * outlets and laptop access are easily located on TOP of the desk, made it easy to charge your phones and connect the laptop to the tv. . GOOD:. * ventilation, I am sensitive to smoke and I did not feel it unless I was walking next to a smoker. * 3 pools with LifeGuards and lots of lounge chairs. * shear curtains, blackout curtains and lights are automated and can be controlled with the tv remote control. . NOT SO GREAT:. * the check in process took a great deal of time, we were waiting in lines of 4 and deeper with waits of 30 mins and more. This was with 8 front desk people working.. * when entering the room, two light were out one in the bathroom and another in the closet (I would expect those basic fixture to be resolved). * sound proofy of the windows is not so great, I could hear noise from the strip clearly. * the in room frig is filled with mini bar items, without room for anything else. * the mini bar was not turned on, so everything in it was room temp. * the toilet is separated from the sink and tub by a slightly distorted glass door, but NOT enough where you feel comfortable sharing the bathroom. You could easily see the person on the other side.. . Somethings that I would recommend that the hotel have ready in the rooms, seeing as how automated the room is:. 1. have the tv turn on when guess enter the room for the first time showing the amenities of the room and how to use the remote control. 2. turn on the mini bar frig and leave room in it if we want to place food there. 3. check that all basic lights and functions of the room are working
I stayed here for two nights on my birthday weekend. It's a great hotel in the middle of everything. I had to -1 because housekeeping never came when we ordered room service and asked for them to take away the tables and trays after.
I enjoyed our stay at the Aria hotel. I think my biggest complaint would be the on & off mobile service reception the place has... it kept looking for service or the service kept dropping. . . Very modern, easy on the eyes, love the electric draperies, nice bathroom, absolutely heart the ironing board & set.. . I even found a safety pin (when I needed one too) in their bathroom amenities for the guests.. . Too bad I didn't have enough time to lounge in the pool area & sip on their red dragon daiquiri. Looking forward to plan my next Las Vegas stay at the Aria.
The valet in the back of the hotel is less crowded than the valet in the front (off of Las Vegas Blvd). So use the back valet for less crowds. However, if u use the valet in the back, bell service on that side is only available to people who are staying in the Skye Suites. So, if you're not staying in their suites, and u valet your car in the back side, be prepared to lug all your bags thru the hotel and up to your room. And there are no signs that say this! I found out only after i had already gotten out of my car and unloaded half of my bags.. . Also, if u valet your car in the back, it stays in the back until you yourself move it. You can not pick up your car in the front, lets say if you want bell service when you check out.  I wish i had known this earlier. I was trying to avoid the traffic in front, so i went to valet ing the back. Had i know this valet issue, i would have stuck thru the traffic on Las Vegas Blvd in return for bell service.
I am a fan, although it was very labyrinth-like to get there. Bit disoriented at first.. went through Cosmopolitan, looking for a way across to the Crystals high-end shopping mall. It was a bit of a trial. Finally got myself together.. wandering throughout Crystals.. . ahhHH, there's Eva Longoria's restaurant.. Todd English has a pub here?.... wander summore... front entrance to Aria... what relief!. . Maya Lin welcomed me; her 84- foot cast of the Colorado R. Is splashed and suspended over the impressive hotel reception desk.. . Aria is a whimsical place, with its very lofty lobby and beautiful pieces of modern art. Lovely to stay here. Guy who checked me in was sweet: gave me a room that was on the 24th floor. Like the layout of the bathroom with the tub sitting behind the shower. Like also the fact that I can use the large flat-screen to set my alarm for curtains to open and TV to turn on in the morning. . . It's not solely the beautiful decor throughout, but features such as coffee bar near the front entrance that makes this place rock. Jean Philippe Patisserie is my kryptonite, the gym/fitness area had so many tvs in it, I didn't miss much of the Olympics while working out on their nice Cybex ellipticals....Fill up on that lemon-cuke spa water across the way before the sweat commences.. . Aria's buffet is above the cut too. Homemade sorbet was off the charts. I tried 2 mini flavors. And the crab legs were satifsying too. Great breakfasts there as well. . . Able to enjoy the Aria theater that played the Cirque Elvis show (smaller, but nice), as well as Jean Georges across the way. . . Plenty to enjoy here.... . $25/day resort fee, including use of pools and spa/gym.. nice tram that one catches once enter the Crystals from hotel, and turn left..immed ascend the elevator a flight up for non-arduous, non-overheating journey over to Monte Carlo or Bellagio/Vdara.. . PS for the nerds like msyelf, I'd take the outdoor fine art tour around City Walk any day, over Liquid Lounge, or whatever the nightclub was called on the lower level.
Beautiful space, impeccable service and nice restaurant choices.  Very close to the new shopping center.  The gym/spa was lovely.  We would stay there again.
My first time staying here and my first time even stepping foot in here.  No major issues and an overal pleasant experience. I can't comment on cost/value though as my friend took care of the room. . . Hotel:  like most other respectable Vegas hotels, Aria is beautifully furnished. No surprises here. Walking distance from places like Marquee. . . Rooms: I got what I think they call an executive suite. There is a main living room area in the middle, a  bedroom on one side, and a conference room on the other.   As you open the door and step into the room, the curtains automatically open, giving you a view through the 25 or so feet of windows. the main bathroom has a tub in the middle, closets off to one side, sinks on the othe side, and a toilet and large shower partitioned by frosted glass doors towards the rear of the bathroom. . . Casino:  I didn't have much free time to gamble on this trip but the two times I did gamble, I had trouble finding people to play with. Now, this may just be the case everywhere and just a result of the overall state of Vegas and society. But, yeah it was kind of sad. As for the casino itself, it seemed pretty average in terms of size and game quality.
Aria is typical of most high end hotels in Vegas.... It is in same class with Wynn, Belagio, Encore....  . . High points - cool modern decor, nice spacious pools, several good restaurants with all price points, not too smoke filled, cool sports bars with plenty places to watch games (Aria Sports Bar / Book and Todd English PUB) . . Low points - typical of all LV hotels - very slow check-in / check out service / crazy long lines  (tips: use the Suites Check in and use the TV check out). Front desk had real challenge taking off room charge we paid with AMEX for - odd.  I dont get it why they can't figure this out - add more people and have express check in line.. . Overall,  for what we paid, about $170 for Sat night stay, very nice.  I am suprised this is 5 diamond with the ridiculous lines to check in / check out due to amateur front desk staff.
Great choice for Vegas. High class at a rate just below others in the same league.Central location is great. Taxi times going anywhere else were kept short.. . -Rooms are big. Yes this is a NYC-dweller talking but they are spacious. I love the floor to ceiling windows with panoramic views.. . Everything in the room is automated with a tablet or push of a button. Even for a tech-savvy person like myself, it wasn't the easiest but I got the hang of it after a day.. . -The cleaning staff is fantastic. Nothing is over-looked. If you don't want your toiletries re-arranged, zip them up. but everything is cleaned, dusted, and you are left with chocolates!. . -The pool party club Liquid is sort of small but a happening scene if that's what you want. If you don't, have no fear. Multiple pools, towels and many chairs. And the music doesn't pour into the non-party pools so you can relax.. . -Gym is open from 5:30 am - 8 pm.Towels, bottles of waters, apples are complimentary. Lots of machines. Great gym.. . -I can't speak much to gambling and food but the casino looked big, not smoke-filled (they use a vanilla-like scent to really battle this) and there are multiple food options along the $-scale.. . . TIP: If you want to buy snacks or alcohol for your room - CVS and Walgreens are in front of Aria on the Strip. Just a short walk to save some $.. . . My only downside is a sporadic level of service. Well and outrageous lines at check in and the concierge. Sometimes you were treated as a valued guest like you would expect, others you were treated like this was a low-level hotel where you were bothering them or even outright rude. I'd stay there again - but the minute someone treats me like that, I'm going directly to management.
Nice rooms; very nice casino.  Good location.  High end mall attached; great places to eat here!
We had stayed here over the weekend. Looking forward to checking this hotel out, after reading some of the other reviews on here I wish I read them before our stay, first we go to check in, took almost 30 mins to check in on a Friday evening only 5 people there for check in, finally we get to our room, very nice the touch screen controler didn't work most of the time, but the bed was comfy, we went to the pool, very nice, but took forever to get a drink, finally we get a drink coming and they have to shut down the pool because someone had pooped in it seriously? We decided to leave n gamble, casino is kinda small but in the afternoon we found lots of tables open. I don't know if I will stay here again, but worth to check it out, I like the Hotel at mandalay bay better.
I stayed in the hotel for a night while passing through town on a road trip.  We had a deluxe king bedroom and it was very comfortable, just what we need after a few days on the road.  The room has a lot of electronics; there are controls for the lights, curtains, music, tv, and lock on the touch pad by the bed.  It took a few minutes to figure everything out, but in the end it was nice.  The bed was very comfortable and the turndown service and chocolates were a nice surprise. The hotel food options were quite expensive and I was glad we had received a $100 food credit for our stay.  We ate at buffet for both dinner and breakfast since the price of the buffet was close to the price of an entree at one of the restaurants and it came with unlimited wine and drinks at dinner.  Both times the service and food was great.  The variety of food was extensive at both meals.  Our only complaint was the check-in and check-out procedures.  For both we encountered a long wait.  The $25 resort fee also seems a little much for Internet and the other amenities it provides for.
I was there for a conference in the hotel and booked a room at the same. Rooms are awesome! I am a techie, so had no problems figuring out all the controls - which are way over the top. I could only imagine how it would be for the average person. I was able to set it up to gradually turn on the lights, open the curtains, and then turn on Fox news... all to wake me up!!. . TIP - room safe is "hidden" - not in the closet where you normally find them... but as a hidden drawer in one of the nightstands!. . LOST STAR - for "resort fee" - while this now appears to be the industry Vegas norm, it is BS. Let's just call it what it is... additional room rate. You wonder why they can advertise a room for $99... well it ends up being $124 after this "fee". All the "amenities" (pool, internet, gym -- REALLY???) should just be included in the room rate.
I usually stay with friends when I am in town, but since I had family staying in the hotel I decided to get a room myself.  I must say I was shocked what I got for the money.  . . When you first enter the door, the curtains open and music starts to play.  I'll take that kind of welcome any day.  To my surprise, my room was cleaned everyday despite my abnormal sleeping schedule (it IS Vegas after all).  . . The Casino staff and bartenders were friendly and the floor was clean.  Bottom line is that I'd surely stay again.  :)
So pretty!  I only gambled here, but this hotel is gorgeous!  Everything seems shiny and new.  I love the modern lines.  It doesn't hurt that I won some money here as well.  If I ever get enough comps, I'd love to stay here next time!
Gorgeous hotel! Love the mordern touches and the in room technology!  The price per night is pretty standard within the other 5 star hotels on the strip. Casino made me some money, so I was happy.. This bed was quite possibly the most comfortable bed I've slept in while in Vegas.. Their 24 hour restaurant is horrible and overpriced. I mean, incrediblyoverpriced with only a few options. I could have eaten better food at a Denny's. I didn't try their room service but hopefully that 24 hour option is better than Cafe Vettro. Aside from that, their hotel is lovely and the tram to Crystals/Monte Carlo/Bellagio made it nicer than walking outside in the desert heat. I'll be back.
When I heard that my good friend was attempting to book the Aria for my planned birthday trip to Vegas, I was intrigued. There has been trips where I've stayed in the lesser hotels and some that I've been fortunate to have the detailed and memorable comforts of the more fancier, more name brand establishments. However, I had never stayed in any of the City Center hotels and so the anticipation was big. I was finally going to stay in the immaculate Aria and I don't remember a time when staying at a hotel piqued my interest as much as this last trip.. . Let's begin!. . Firstly, the decor of the lobby pretty much stated this wasn't a cheapy motel. This was grown folk Vegas. This, in essence, is what Vegas is turning to; a super resort-y type place with the quaint desire to please the 25-40 year old demographic that has some expendable income to blow (or for a lack of better term get blown...). It's the True Religion 'brotification' of Vegas and well, the result is immaculate. The ceiling of the lobby, with its oversized origami, contrasted this. The sheik velour and deep earthy tones of the lobby is a symbol of the color scheme and design of not only the myriad of pathways to our room but the room itself.. . Vegas' foundation was built on the skeletons of long ago mobster kingpins. No, wait, that's not right--they've built it on excess and with the Aria it continues. However, it isn't that excess where you're at a loss or overwhelmed, but one of that you could grow to love a place like this. That, if you were able to beat the fabled odds of Vegas, you'd put a 10k or 50k marker and be welcomed with open arms and possibly more amenities that mark the 21st century Vegas.. . The fact that the rooms were comfortably constructed with the awesome laissez-faire technology of control via a tablet was off-set by how solid and awesome the bathroom and showering area was. Well, the hot tub was home to the consummate drinks and spirits but beyond that the beds were extremely comfortable and we were able to house multiple partygoers comfortably. The music selection, however, was limited to the throes of Top-40 and the uhnz uhnz uhnz of EDM (Electronic Dance Music). There wasn't any hip-hop or commercialized rap for our pre-partying and recovering needs. Gracious, as it may be, the room was very satisfactory.. . Next up: Cafe Vettro.... . What you tend to get with the 'Vegas greasy spoon' ilk is variable. Sometimes you get something on the terrible side of Denny's and other times you get fare that is worthwhile and delicious and attainable at an ungodly hour such as, well, 4 in the morn. Cafe Vettro is that place. While it is a tad bit pricier than other 24/7, it offered superb selections for a quick, painless, and sustenance-necessary birthday dinner. I settled on the pork chop with an apple au-jus, rosemary mashed potatoes (I believe), and country style green beans. Let's just say its okay to eat pork a little less than well-done. It's okay to say you're enjoying stuffing your face when it is delectable as my meal was. Garcon! This was uh-mazing and fuel for the night about The Strip. . . Is there anything worth disparaging about the food and ambience of Cafe Vettro that I'd like my readers to know? Not really. However, the 2nd time we ate there--the service was extremely slow and the sandwich I got was a bit too sodium-laden and the food wasn't as premium as it was the night before. Perhaps it was 4 and I, too, would be lacking in the culinary expertise at the break of dawn. It still was, however, eatable nonetheless.. . Secondly:. . Probably the only non positive remarks I have is for the pools. I mean, it wasn't a terrible experience but it was a little limited and the crowd was more d-word than lively. I mean, I should expect that from a visit to Vegas but as a veteran of many-a-pool in this fabricated city, I know when there is a fun vibe and one that leads you to not want to be in the water for fear you'll catch a mythical and realistic disease or infection. The pool layout was cluttered and that is probably due to the lack of space. While I should be numb to the fact that the pool side bar charges and arm and 2 legs for a bucket of tall can Stella Artois. . . Also, one quick referendum on the pools: DO NOT rub your eyes! I did this and whatever lurked in the water seemed to agitate my eye for a great deal of the afternoon. YUCK.. . . So, in closing--and I'm kind of sad this will be the last time I spend this long reminiscing about a birthday trip that was remarkable--I would like to thank the Aria for being all that it was. That it opened up my mind farther than the megaclub, stripclub, and buffet prejudices I had previously. That I can enjoy a super resort and though the patrons are not my cup of tea, I can enjoy the architectural beauty and interior design and still partake in all the goodness that there can be had in Sin City.. . 'Til we meet again, Aria!
Stayed here 2x now. Love the room layouts. You have to try the pastry cafe in Aria. Pricey but OH SO Good !! My only complaint is that it gets very smokey !! I will be back.
When it comes to Vegas, this is certainly the place to stay.  It has moved beyond the dated themed monstrosities of the past, and looks like a classy hotel in New York.  It is beautifully designed and has somehow pumps a fresh smelling french vanilla scent through the venting system of the hotel.  The only negative is the rooms, although very nice, are quite expensive.  Especially when considering the abundance of cheap rooms at the larger, although older, resorts.  However, is still the best hotel in Vegas in this humble mans' opinion.
I have stayed in nearly every single 5 star hotel in las vgeas. This includes cosmo, venitian, palazo, cesar's palace, and Bellagio.. . All these hotels are clean, well kept. They're is no question you will get a room that is clean.. . The question to ask is customer service, and room size.. . Aria offers the smallest rooms for the 5 star price, but I already knew what I was getting into.. . What I didn't know was the customer service they had, they didn't have a non-smoking room that I requested. They also made me wait 45 minutes to check in.. . I also waited 45 minutes at the pool for a waiter, the waiter told me they were understaffed.. . My check out was normal at 11:00 am. At all other hotels they will let me check out at noon if I request late check out. They asked me to pay $109 for late check out. I called my casino host they assigned to me and then they approved my noon check out.. . At 11:58am I got a knock on the door by a supervisor telling me to check out. . . I will not be returning to this hotel, the customer service is horrible.. . I contact their company and they were able to give me two free nights to re-experience there hotel. I had a much better stay.
I'm debating on 3 or 4 stars...I'm trying NOT to base this ALL on the house keeping situation I encountered.  . . Let's start with I checked in at midnight and there was a line.  I'm assuming this may have been a fluke...but the hotel entrance and lobby BEAUTIFUL! They were very accommodating.  What was TOTALLY annoying was having to show your key to get pass the "PROTECTOR OF THE ELEVATORS" Really all this money spent and I have to fumble in my purse to find the key instead of getting it out on the elevator.  Even some lower end properties have a slot at the elevator.  Basically IF you have a key that's your key to the elevator.  That felt a little harassing/movie theater ish.  :-(  . . So the elevators to the 38th floor were SUPER fast.  :-)  I really enjoyed that.  Some places an elevator ride could take 10 minutes.  . . When you walk in the room the curtains automatically open up with one of the MOST amazing views of the strip!  BEAUTIFUL! You can't beat it.  You can see the ENTIRE STRIP both ways as well as the airport and mountains.   . . The room was spacious and had every amenity you could think of BUT the fridge that was stocked with stuff you had to pay a lot for,  left you no room for anything you wanted to store inside the fridge.  I had Chocolate covered berries that I wanted to keep chilled. BUT if I wanted to have the items that were in t here removed, I would have been charged a DAILY fee for it OR have to pay for the items I moved since the items were on a sensor.  I think EVERY hotel should provide a refrigerator.  For convenience or even medical reasons for some people. . . Room service was super FAST! one of the FASTEST I've ever had.  HOWEVER, I ordered a fruit plate...when you LOOKED at the fruit you could TELL the fruit was NOT ripe...WHY would you serve that to ANYONE?  I could have sent it back but it's vegas...hey you know I was racing out the door. . .  HOWEVER, at 330pm I DID call housekeeping and asked for the room to be cleaned.  Left the service light on as well and upon return at 900pm NO ONE came.  I called and they apologized and said someone would come.  I left for a show and when I returned it was cleaned.  Keep in mind housekeeping is 24 hours.  . . The shower...it's cool how the tub and shower are separate but behind the same glass.  It was hard to find a happy medium with the water temperature.  The toilet had it's own area AGAIN nice when it's more than one person in a room.  . . So Overall I'm gonna keep this at a 4 star...I just think for the amount of money EVERYTHING should be next to perfect, but the customer service was so WONDERFUL makes you forget about other things.  I had the chocolate covered strawberries delivered.  Where they were kept in the cooler closed at 5pm, even though I arrived AFTER midnight they went and got them for me.  :-) that was an extra touch of service.  The 24 hour housekeeping is nice as well.
Pro: . - beautiful hotel . - amazing restaurants . - best room service . - center of strip . - best staff . . Cons: . - many thing in rooms are broken (i.e.. bathroom door lock, mirror lights)
My stay at Aria was a great experience since I was staying with family and was comp 3 nights in a deluxe room.. . Entrance and Valet: . . We entered through the strip and had taken 5 minutes to drive to the valet passing the Vdara entrance. The waterfalls around the valet pick up area were a great touch for the entrance and at night they change color. Sculptures are located around the property, like the canoe sculpture out front was a sight to see.. . Check in: They have a check in and check out attendant to assist you with your reservations and direct you to open front desk agents. The woman who checked us in was very friendly and told us all the great things about Aria being a 5 star hotel and told us about the resort fee. Since the room was comp, the resort fee was comped as well so free WiFi for all devices (smartphone and laptop).. . Casino: Typical casino with no windows, air was very clean and cold, dark brown all around and dim lightning. This was not a pleasant gambling experience compared to The Mirage and Bellagio.. . Room: They have guards in the elevator banks to check from room keys so security is excellent. The Aria is the very modern and high tech with the video panel near the beds that controls the lights, curtains, tv and beck and call. More brown in the walls make this room less appealing and was designed that way to make you leave the room and gamble. Flat screen TV with a office area and a charging station was a great for the techy but they didn't have any outlets bedside which would've been more convenient.. . Bathroom: Our tub and shower was an odd design with the tub being located behind the shower. The frosted glass in the toilet area was the same thing I saw in the Flamingo Go Room, it also had separate lighting for the toilet and sink areas.. . Buffet: Great design with the colored tile on the walls but the food selections were a bit limited.compared to Bellagio. I ate there during lunch and dinner and still wasn't impressed. They have a view of the pool area by the dessert station and it had a great selection compared to The Mirage's Buffet. . . Shopping: Since you're staying in a 5 star hotel, expect $$$ stores like the Crystals mall located inside the Aria. It's nice to look at but not to shop unless you're loaded. I prefer the Miracle Mile stores in Planet Hollywood because it works with my budget and they have better selection and not too pricey.. . Pool Area: I can't comment on the pool since I stayed there around winter time but it looked nice.. . Restaurants: All pricey and even the cafe is not cheap. . . Overall property: It takes around 30 minutes to walk from your hotel room to the strip depending how fast you walk and it can get tiring especially in 105 heat.  This is a typical mega resort property designed to make you spend spend and the archiecure is very sleek like Wynn and Encore.. . Would I stay here again?. . Maybe if I got a good deal on the room or better comped.
This is one of a great place to stay when your in Vegas.. . The rooms were fine, no problem, like other properties on the Strip. The buffett is still good, no problems and selection is fine.. Will be back again in the New Year.
Stayed one night last week for business. The corner suite was worth the cost to upgrade. Everything about this place was outstanding. Too bad they have a casino. I hate walking through a casino to get where I am going.. Will def stay here again.
I really liked this hotel. Not a big fan of the location, city center, but from all the city center hotels , I prefer this one from all. The Aria is a better, more exciting version of the Vdara. The rooms are super cool die to a remote control controlling the entire room. From curtains, to lights andthe tv. I came across a few glitches with this remote. If my bf tried turning on the lights in the suite, the light in in the bathroom would go off while I was in the shower. It was all Kinda funny!! I didn't stay here long do I didn't see the entire hotel but the casino was a nice atmosphere. Some of the few shops i saw were decent. Great dining . The room was pretty compact but cool and clean.
Very cool, high tech rooms!  Stayed here last June on a business trip that was for a conference being held in the Aria.  I was very impressed with the tech in the rooms.  When you first walk in, the lights come up slowly, the curtains open and the TV comes to life.  It has a very Starship Enterprise feel about it.  As you would expect in a new, top-end, Vegas hotel, the bed was very comfortable and the towels were plush and nice.  I didn't have any need to talk with the staff, so I can't comment on some of the bad experiences others had.  My check-in was quick and courteous, though.. . Overall, I would go back if it were a business trip but on my own dime I'd probably stay elsewhere.
Comfortable bed and awesome tub! The layout of the bathroom was cool to me unlike some of the naysayers. I do agree that customer service is off and it doesn't seem like it's a priority here. But I can see some of the employees do try. The walking from the room to the elevator can be long and confusing and the wait for check in and check out is long. Afterall, this is a large hotel. . . I do appreciate the security by the elevators to ensure guest's safety, but then again, I see a lot of the security high fiving the hookers too in the lobby. Hm. . . Overall, a fun and great hotel I won't mind stayin in again.
I stayed here for one night with a friend while I was on the last night of my business trip. To be honest, I really wasn't that impressed. It is a nice hotel and the rooms are nice, but nothing really that special at all. I will say they had a really good gym with a lot of equipment and my friend did see Robert De Niro walking through the gym. Overall a nice hotel, nothing really flashy. I doubt I would choose to stay here on my own.
As like most high end hotels on the strip, Aria is very clean and the service is great overall.. . The elevators are very quick... you'll find yourself not waiting more than 20 seconds for one... at least that's what I experienced. The walk to the room from the elevator can be quite a stroll if you are towards the end of each floor. So don't be surprised if you get lost or walk up to the wrong door after a long night of "fun". I was on the 19th floor and it happened.. . Enter the room by using a proximity card... kudos for using new technology. No longer will you need to fight with a key or swiping a card hundreds of times or have to worry about the your data on the magnetic strip being erased when trying to get the door to open. Simply place the card on the doo-hicky above the door handle and open says-ah-me!. . When you walk in for the first time, the lights turn on, the curtains open, the TV turns on with your name in the corner of the display... all automatically. Very nice touch. I definitely want to get the auto-curtains for my home someday... yes, lazy.. . The rooms are very spacious with a king size bed and the bed itself is extremely comfortable for me. The sheets not only looked clean, but felt clean with plenty of pillows. The room temperature was accurate and easily regulated. . . The bathrooms are also spacious with duel sinks and marble all around. The shower was roomy and the pressure was just right. The quality of the shampoo, conditioner and shower gel was above average and were re-filled daily and towels were plentiful and also replaced daily. Housekeeping did a nice job at cleaning the rooms and even organized my toiletries after the first day of service and kept them organized.. . Plenty of nice restaurants to choose from and places to lounge, which I will review separately. The gaming was as expected.. . I would definitely return.
so we got this through hotwire and it was a 5 star option. i would debate this place is truly 4.5 stars and ive worked at a 5 star place before. . good:. very modern decor. great dining options including sage. service standards are PHENOMENAL and thats where i clearly see the 5 stars. great casino. always hot water instantly. shower great. . bad:. -bed was way way too soft and usually i'll sleep on anything but way too soft. also the left third of my bed felt downhill. -toliet ran off and on all night. . hotel was a 4 and the service standards a 5. . . their shopping stores are in Crystals which is all high end
I love staying at this hotel because of the modern design and layout. I think it is more suited for younger crowds with all the technology and gadgets located in the rooms. Everything from the t.v. to the curtains opens when you first enter the room. So many crazy buttons to press, but that's what makes things fun. The beds and pillows are really comfortable and they have a flat screen t.v. with allthese ports! I suggest bringing an HDMI cable if you want to play any movies or shows from your laptop onto the big flat screen. This place is also good since it is kind of located in the middle of the strip so it is easy to get to the nearby hotels. I would stay here again on my next visit.
Spent Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and the Saturday nights (3 nights) here in Aria. The total cost for all three nights was a little over 400.. . The rooms had RFID keys, so you could just wave the key to unlock your door. . The room was a decent size with automatic curtains, two queen size beds, large closet space, and a roomy bathroom. The bathroom's lock was broken, so there was no way we could lock the door. It was also a slide door, which I felt could've been better. Inside the bathroom you will see a shower with translucent glass doors and semi-opaque divider/door for the toilet. You can't see the person using the toilet, perhaps their shadow at most.. . There were usb ports and electrical outlets by the desk. The hi-speed internet was also relatively fast. There was also a touchscreen that controlled various electronics in the room, but I am unsure of its specific functions since I left it untouched. My complaint would have to be that the desk is located right beneath the flat-screen television. It made it somewhat awkward to use the desk when people were watching tv.
This resort was simply gorgeous!!  We spent a lot of time in Aria while we were there even though we were not guests of the hotel!!  We spent time at Liquid for a pool party and even partied in the Gold Lounge!!  I totally enjoyed spending time in Aria!!
This hotel was really nice. One thing I did not know about Vegas is you don't have to pay for overnight parking at hotels....any hotels. It is free. That is HUGE considering hotels usually charge a lot for that. We stayed on the 31st floor and we were near the elevator which I was told we lucked out b/c it can be a long walk. Having our kiddos with us they brought a crib to our room and gave us shampoo, soap and lotion for the kids. That was a great touch!!! The only reason not for the 5 stars was because on the day of check out after we spent the morning at the pool the water was not working in our room. The whole floor was out of water!! SOOO after waiting 3 hours in our room for it to come back on I finally had to just get dressed and fly all gross from the pool. That was really frustrating.
Stayed here this past Black Friday through Sunday.  Check-in around 4pm which took about 25 minutes.  To their credit, staff (Corrine) was friendly but unable to accommodate rooms side-by-side on a higher floor.  She did provide a roll-away in each room at no additional cost...but aren't they always free?  I was in no mood to question nor verify and accepted with graciousness given my inclination to blow my meager paycheck.. . Stayed in 24-274 and 37-115.. . Pros:. -central location. -shower head. -proximity to Secret Pizza and Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo via North Valet entrance (7 minute walk and avoids the Strip). -$117/night per room through Priceline Express. -"free" wi-fi as part of mandatory resort fee. -sports book . . Cons:. -$28 resort fee per room per night. -37-115's key sensor malfunctioned on Saturday so they provided a $100 resort credit for our troubles (thanks to the fiance).  Applying the credit became a hassle in it of itself and we soon found out it was not applicable towards retail items nor boxed chocolate at the cafe.  So of course, the fiance makes another call and had them refund me all resort fees (~$106).  . . I am useless without her!
pimp ass hotel....clean, friendly , good location rooms are clean and they have the housekeeping that comes twice to clean on the room....the pool was eh but other then that shit was mad kool...
Very clean, casino isn't very smoky they have a great duct system. . The beds OMG to die for...I swear I had the best sleep in ages. The room is ultra modern everything is handled from the remote control. The spa was OK not wonderful. I had to hear about the massage therapists dead dogs I wasn't thrilled with that especially when I was there to relax but otherwise it was great :)
The gizmo to control the room was kinda annoying by modern gadgetry standards though the intent was well meaning... Blinds opening as an alarm clock is a sweet way to wake up since its always light outside in Vegas. The bed was comfortable, the room was nice and the value for money was great.  Last time we stayed at Encore and this room was on the same level though a few small touches would give Encore the edge if price was equal.  But since Aria was a better value we are quite happy we went with it.
Beautiful hotel, very clean and nice rooms, and everything else you'd expect from a glitzy hotel like Aria. Front desk is friendly and quick, a pretty rare thing at big hotels. I really love the awesome curtain alarm where you can set your curtains to open at a certain time and whatnot. Essentially makes the room into your alarm clock. . . The one thing I'd have to complain about is the really strong perfume whiff that you get when walking on the casino floor. It smells like vanilla perfume that a stripper named candy or star would wear.
Aria is one of my favorite hotels on the strip and there aren't too many on that list.. . Check-In desk was very efficient. They call & let you know when your room is available if you happen to check in before 3 PM and your room is not ready. You can check out on your tv so there's not need to wait in line again to check out.. . My room was very clean like the rest of the hotel, and my bed was super comfortable. There's a remote control for everything in the room (lights, tv, curtain, etc.) The best feature is that it memorizes all of your settings after you turn everything off and leave the room.. . I enjoyed the spa & cabana by the pool at Aria. . . We had a company meeting here and the catered food by Aria was amazing. I highly recommend this service.. . I didn't rly like the strong vanilla smell in the lobby and casino area but to each his own.
It's sleek, chic and modern with state-of-the-art amenities. . . We came to Vegas for our anniversary and booked our room for three nights back in November. They have several VIP and weekend packages, and we opted for the $100 buy-back option. You can spend $100 on any outlet to charge to your room and can get compensated for it. Pretty good deal, I might say. All in all, I was pretty impressed by Aria. . . The Lobby/Front Desk area was decorated in fall-themed motif and gives it a welcoming experience. It's pretty spacious and not too cluttered unlike in some other hotels. My only negative comment is the provided seatings weren't too comfortable. They could be museum-piece seatings, but not too friendly on the tush. There is a huge waterfall element designed outside the building that has a calming and relaxing effect. . . Security were stationed in every Elevator Landing so that is a plus in my book. I hate the smell of cigarette smoke, but walking thru their casino was pretty bearable even with plenty of smokers sucking on their cancer sticks was on every table. It wasn't fresh air by all means, but the ventilation unit did its job. . . They have several bars, restaurants, a buffet, clubs and a Jean Phillipe Chocolatier. You can also catch a Cirque Du Soleil show called Zarakana. Concierge and Front Desk were friendly and efficient. Didn't have to deal with Valet since they have a self-park option. (I don't like dealing with Valets since dings and dents always magically appear out of nowhere every time I deal with them) Luckily, I found a parking spot on the 2nd floor near the exit leading to the bridge. The parking stalls are pretty spacious and they have several floors that could easily fit thousands of cars. . . The room - What can I say?. . First their key cards are the latest generation and integration of a microchips key access card that doesn't require you to insert the card into a slot. Just wave the card in front of the door handle unit and voila. . . As soon as you open the door, the mood lights and music turn on simultaneously and the curtain automatically opens to give you a wonderful view of the strip. It's pretty breathtaking and gets you in the mood for some bump-n-grind if you're thinking with your other head. . . Subliminal? Nah...these guys know what they're doing for sure. . . You can also control the lighting, TV, music, curtain, temperature and almost everything else inside the room with a touch of a button or with the remote control. Everything is fully integrated and we even have free Wi-Fi in the room. The shower head in the bathroom is effin enormous and spacious and the even the bathtub. The toilet is located on the side and you can do your business in private. I also love the texture of their towels. . . And lastly, we happen to bump into Hunter Pence during breakfast and took a picture with him. My smile must have been as wide as the Grand Canyon.
=)  What more can I say!!  Just look at my pics !. By far the best hotel I've stay in Vegas. Way better than Mandalay Bay !
2 nights during Christmas.  We decided to stay there for the zarkana cirque sole deal.   For around $360 we get 2 nights and 2 show tickets.   When checking in, I did the $20 tip for an upgrade and the receptionist told me we were automatically upgraded to a corner suite.. . Suite was incredible probably the nicest room we've stayed in @ Vegas.. . Great controls of lighting, temperature, and bathroom facilities.  Views of cosmo galore.  We could hear when there were ambulances and sadly I heard a lot of them.  Resort fees $25 plus a resort fee tax of $3 per day got you free wifi, newspaper hanging on your door in the morning.  Didn't check out the fitness room or the pool bc it was cold.. . Aria really shines in all the restaurants inside and the proximity to crystals which also had other restaurants and shops.  Go to the pastries shop next to the guest elevator.  My wife got the do Che leche crepe good stuff.. . Negatives: buffet I heard was not very good so had to go to another place for it.  The self parking garage is too far from the guest elevators.  Wouldnt hurt to make carrying your luggage to your room easier. Lastly lots of smoke, could get better ventilation.. . Overall, very nice stay that we will finitely remember.  It being a central location and trams to bellasio and ease to walk to Caesars etc... Make this place a slam dunk for people who want to be in the middle of it all.
Ah, my 150th review - what better place to review then my paradise, Vegas?. . I'll admit that somehow I thought I was booking a suite at the Encore and not at the Aria (completely separate ends of the strip, different owners, different vibe, different everything), so while I was initially disappointed over my mix up, I quickly became excited after my arrival. My boyfriend and I always book at the Cosmopolitan (next door to the Aria) but we couldn't get in that weekend so I played around on Expedia to find good deals on an awesome suite...which I did at the Aria - the corner suite.. . At 1,100 square feet, there was an entrance hall, a guest bathroom, a dining area, a living room, a ginormous master bathroom and bedroom. Did I mention the windows were floor to ceiling? It was pretty sweet, especially with all the high tech toysinvolved (I am a bit worried that all houses are going to be controlled by one remote like this though, which does not bode well for me considering I kept asking Bryan how to use the remote). And the best part? The suite was just a fraction more than a suite half the size at the Cosmo - and a bit nicer. . . Aside from the suite, the staff was really helpful. I arrived early and since my room wasn't ready, I decided to sit at the bar and play video blackjack (but more importantly drink for free). I chatted with the bartender for awhile and he gave me the good champagne, like the really good stuff. Granted, I was playing high bets, but I still appreciated the gesture. . . My only complaint was that they don't have enough restaurants that are opened before lunch (and even the lunch options are scarce). We only had one place at the Aria to eat breakfast but it was so crowded that we went to other casinos to eat every day. . . I don't know if the Aria will be our new go-to place, but I would definitely love to stay here again, especially in that suite.
This was my first trip to Las Vegas, and I was pleasantly surprised with my stay at Aria.  I'm not a big traveler, so the price of things in the dessert was a bit overwhelming.  However, the money spent on my three nights were no waste.  Lovely rooms, nice furnishings and friendly service.  You can remote control most electric things in the room, including the curtains, lights and tv.  I was disappointed in the lack of food options in the morning as the buffet hadn't reopened yet and my shower/tub had water and hair in it when I arrived.  Other than that, as I only used the hotel for sleeping and breakfasts, I was happy with my stay.  And the Cirque du Soliel show was amazing!
- I like it because it's brand new, very mod, and part of the CityCenter complex.
loved this beautiful hotel!. nice staff!.... great location....next to "crystal"...if you love to shop =). I will come back again!
In terms of newness and luxury, it is an overall fantastic hotel and casino. The architecture, the design, the engineering, the attention to decore details, etc, all topnotch and extravagant. Hotel layout is very nice; location within City Center is great. Room was luxurious, and high attention to detail was defnitely put forth in designing and constructing. Room can fully be controlled by a central touch-screen console on the night stand! . . Staff is very friendly and willing to help.. . Now for the not-so-good stuff:. . Check in/out line is the same line, which makes for chaos and delays. Lengthy checkin time (over 30 mins) on Sun afternoon 12/23/12. Again very lengthy checkout time (over 30 mins) on Tue morning (Xmas Day) 12/25/12.. . Wanna gamble? Better bring more than one paycheck ... most table games were $50 minimums, limite tables with $25 minimums.. . Maybe it was bc of the Christmas weekend, but there were long lines and crowds everywhere.... . Overall, a very nice upscale hotel/casino.
booked 3 nights the day after xmas so the price was pretty reasonable for a 4 star hotel.  but they do charge 28 dollars per night for a resort fee...but i think all hotels do that...so can't blame them for that.  if you book during weekends or peak times, it could get pretty pricey.  we booked a single bed room, standard room.  we checked in pretty late, after midnight, but the check in line was pretty long and was going slow.  only 2 to 3 employees at the desk...for a hotel of this magnitude i expected more...but thats fine your in vegas for fun so can't let that bother you.  when we got to the room we were very happy with the room.   one thing about the room is they try to be all high tech with a tablet sorta thing by your bed that can control everything in your room such as tv, lights, alarm, etc.  although i really enjoyed the tablet, sometimes the reaction time to the touch would be slow that it would be easier to just do it yourself manually.  although turning on and turning off lights thats where the tablet feature helped a lot.  the room was clean, and everything looked new since this hotel overall is pretty new.  the bed was awesome, very soft, and they use a really deep pillow top bed.  house keeping was nice and attentive, so no problems there.  we dont gamble so can't say if the gaming is good or not.  some negatives about the hotel:  if your driving to vegas, getting to the hotel can be a pain since you have to go through the strip for the parking lot, unlike many other hotels such as planet hollywood where you can park  on the side streets so you could avoid the strip.  several more negatives:  seems like you can't use the fridge, they might charge a few i believe, so we ended up not using the fridge for some snacks we bought.  overall, nice 4 star hotel, nice room, would only come back if the price was right.
Stayed in the Deluxe King room with the strip view, its truly a sight to behold. From the automatic curtains, heater, TV, lights, everything is controlled by a remote, welcome to the future. The bathrooms are very clean and nice, with huge glass doors, and a tub next to the shower, and two sinks. Dont bother ordering room service on a busy day, it takes up to an hour to get service. Getting to the rooms can be a little confusing, they have 4 separate elevator sections with each section taking you up to certain floors. Walls are a little thin, because sometimes you can hear noises through the walls.. . I got a 100 credit for staying 3 nights, which is pretty nice. They have a really good dessert cafe, and crepes/sorbet is a must try. We also watching Zarkana cirque du soleil, featuring all the acrobatic performances, from juggling, to cage walking, walking on ropes, etc. Its very easy to get lost in here. A minus that their gym closes so early at 8pm i think, but they do have a pretty decent gym. Great hotel, great price, I think the pros outweigh the cons in this place not quite perfect but better than average!
I love the ultra modern look of this hotel. Though we didnt stay here, I played a bit in their casino, went for Zarkana in their theater and grabbed a bite at Jean Phillippe. Loads of fine dining options that would cater to everyone's taste - there's a tapas joint that is going on my list to try next time. They also have nice shopping options if you have a few hundred or maybe a few thousand dollars to burn:)
I was impressed, and not much in Vegas impresses me.. . It started when walking into my room for the first time as the curtains automatically opened, the TV turned on to smooth jazz, and dim lights illuminated.. . I was like, who the hell is in here. But I figured it out pretty quick -- it was a keycard-activated automation for first-time entry. What a welcome!. . There's an iPad-esque device on the nightstand that controls the room. I chose to set my alarm to the black-out curtains opening, the room heating up to 74 degrees, and the TV coming on to smooth jazz at 8:30 a.m. Worked like a charm.. . The bathroom was large and plush with a tub and separate shower.. . I loved it and would definitely come back.
While I have never stayed overnight here I have spent many hours in the building and had refreshments.  They keep this place clean and the staff is always very nice.  The first year it opened I took the time to visit the conference areas with their wide open halls and plantings just outside all the glass.  There are a couple of places upstairs where you can see some of the recycled beams from the prior buildings on the property.  MGM used everything they could from the old buildings in the building of City Center.
I'm a fan of Aria.  Our room was extremely clean, check-in was a breeze, the food was fabulous, and the bars were great.  . . The rooms were extremely high tech and I loved having my curtains open at 8:30 and my TV on, so that I didn't oversleep with the black-out curtains.  . . I will stay here again and again!
I got a good deal by staying at this hotel.  But they get you with everything else - restaurants and patisserie very pricey; blackjack tables start at $25. . . The rooms were very nice and modern-everything automated (lights, tv, drapes, privacy/service button). . Comfy bed with lots of pillows.  Nice big bathroom.  . Had a couple of issues-with all the lights on, still thoughtit was a little dark. Also, no outlet near bed, which I would have liked.  . Free Wi-fi included but had trouble with the connection.. . Monte Carlo connected to the Aria and within walking distance.  Tram available to the Bellagio.. . Overall, would stay here again.
Love Aria! I have stayed there couple of times and had great experiences. I like that it is not super-crowded like some other LV strip hotels. It is very modern and glitzy. It is centrally located so other hotels are very accessible from it.
The Empress and I have historically stayed at the Venetian when we are in Vegas but we were somewhat disappointed in that property on our last couple of trips so we decided to give the new place Aria a try.  BTW, if you do not want to wade through the whole review, I understand, but please read the Spa section.  I would probably give the hotel a good review just for that.  Here are the particulars:. . Rooms. The rooms at Aria are nice but the electronics in them, while cool, present kind of a challenge.  Everything in the room from the TV to the lights to the curtains is controlled by a remote control on the bedside table.  At first, this looked really neat, but I soon realized that the complexity of the device made it somewhat difficult to operate.  There were several times when I accidentally hit the wrong buttons and turned off Milady's lights (once while she was in the bathroom which was actually kind of funny).  The other odd thing is that the bathtub and the shower are separate but co-located behind glass.  It's not really a problem, but it is an odd layout that makes using the tub a little claustrophobic.  Bed was good.  Halls, while unbelievably long, were clean and quiet and we had plenty of space.. . Casino. We don't really gamble anymore but the casino was very nice.  A couple of things I liked about it is it did not have the overwhelming noise a lot of casinos have and the aisles were wide enough so that walking without getting jostled was not a problem.  Part of the reason for all of this is that the table limits are higher than in most places in Vegas which tends to keep the crowds down.  It is obviously up to you as to whether you view that as a positive or a negative.. . Restaurants. We ate at several of the restaurants and they went from very good (Seranno's) to very bad (the buffet). We went to Seranno's for dinner our first evening, were seated promptly, had good service and thought the food was good.  After the Empress left on Sunday, I decided to try the buffet and was very disappointed.  It was very expensive, had a long line to get into, and I found most of the food to be very bland and disappointing.  There is a little cafe downstairs called Jean Phillipe that has really good food, but again, is very expensive.  The biggest surprise we had was how difficult it was to get breakfast.  There are only two restaurants open for breakfast with one being the buffet and there are very long lines at both.  Had we known that before we went downstairs, we probably would have stayed in our room and ordered room service.. . Spa. All I can say here is wow.  We decided to do a spa day and booked one of their spa suites.  Along with the suite, we setup a hot stone massage and facial for The Empress and an exfoliating sugar scrub and Fijian massage for me.  I won't say much about the services other than to say that they were quite good and we would happily do them again.  What really blew us away was the spa suite itself which is a self contained room with hot tub, living room area, a treatment area with a couple of tables, and a large bathroom for changing with a very nice steam shower.  This place was huge and beautiful but even better was that, once we reserved the room, we were assigned a spa hostess who coordinated bringing all of our services in to us, had drinks and food brought in when we asked and generally took excellent care of us.  I also have to mention that it had one of the neatest toilets we have ever seen.  Heated seat, raises and lowers its own lid, flushes on its own, not only allows you to do your business but cleans you with warm water jets afterward and probably several other things I did not even try.  I have been told that our bathroom remodel project planned for next year just got more expensive because we are apparently buying one of these things.  C'est la vie.  Best spa experience either of us have had in a long time and highly recommended.. . Overall. Overall we like Aria and will probably stay here again and we absolutely adore their spa.  It is a very nice, modern, elegant hotel with an upscale, somewhat subdued crowd.  If you like the Bellagio, I'm guessing you will also like Aria.  It is definitely not the place to come if you are budget conscious, however.
I got a good deal on a corner suite (approximately $250) that provided a great place to get work done while in Vegas.  It included a large jacuzzi tub, a toto- hot-seat-bidet-dryer combo toilet, mechanized blinds/blackout curtains, and two bathrooms.  The only downside was the long walk to the elevator, but that was not a problem for me.  An additional upside is the great dining options right downstairs.
Just recently stayed here for Martin Luther King Jr. weekend and I still love Aria.  I'm not sure if it's the best place to gamble since it seemed like everyone in my party lost a lot of money but it's all good, as long as we had fun, right?. . As far as the place goes, it's very clean, aesthetically beautiful, and I love the rooms.  The problems that we did encounter the first night was that our television screen wasn't working but the sound was there.  Thankfully they sent their technician and all was okay.  Also my friend had reserved two queens instead of fulls.  That was a turn off but I'll still give Aria four stars cause I had stayed here previously a year ago for my birthday (Jan 29) and they sent me a complimentary dessert tray with chocolate covered strawberries and chocolates, so that's a plus in my book.  . . My party and I also went to go see Zarkana and that was thrilling.  I'd recommend going to the Half Price ticket booths theyhave along the strip.  It wasn't necessarily that much cheaper (we paid about $95 a ticket) but I think the hotel was selling it at like $125 for the same spots.  If you aren't money conscious then get the tickets at the box office or the concierge, whichever is convenient for you.. . Aria is definitely off the strip but we ended up driving around and valeting our car.  The valets and bellhops are attentive and friendly so don't be afraid to use their service!  Used the bellhop twice to take our stuff up and down our room and the valet guys multiples times--too many to count.. . Overall I had a great time.  . . Lina Chen
This hotel is totes rad booboos!. . I actually liked their FB page before because i was smitten by the pictures that was on their website. I didn't really realized that the hotel we will be staying was the same hotel that I liked before. Totes forgot everything about it. The trip was planned 2 weeks ahead. That amount of time is kinda last minute if I may say so. It was one of those spontaneous thing that me and my girl bestie are known for. This was a short trip so every hour counts. The minute we got to the hotel, we just checked in and just left our "closet" and coats to the Bell service and went to the Deuce Lounge right away. We didn't have to worry about them because they were sent up to our room. . . When we finally got in the room, we were greeted with awesomeness! It was beautifuuuulll!!! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fI2225ZpgjN0BBRUFkUI3w&userid=BDHDu2gEcRS6d4qz8yf7zg, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=T78k4Il6GRv3cDgG4S1jCg&userid=BDHDu2gEcRS6d4qz8yf7zg. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4kr2Xw7C7AIBQA8iKjfD2A&userid=BDHDu2gEcRS6d4qz8yf7zg. The interior design speaks modern luxury and elegance They also uses the touch-screen system to pretty much control everything in the room..curtains, lights, temperature, TV. I didn't have to get out of bed to turn off the lights because next to your headboard is the control panel that has Reading, Goodnight and another one that i totes forgot button. The BEST room for lazy a$$ peeps for sure! Bathroom has his and hers sink, Marbled floors, nice wall papers.. . Bed is very comfy! Also, I would totally jacked one of those damn pillows if I can't find the place where they got them! It was heeeella fluffy I wanna dieeeee!  . . You don't even have to leave this hotel anymore because everything that you need is there. Restaurants, Shops, Bars, Lounges, Dance Clubs. Just be ready to get ripped off because most of them are hella pricey!. . This hotel is great but very bad for the wallet!. . KTnxbai :)
Service desk was nice, rooms were very technology integrated.  Beds are comfortable. The buffet is pretty delicious.  All in all, I probably like the Wynn and Trump Towers better, but the Aria comes in third.
Massive centerpiece hotel of the ginormous City Center complex offers stylish, spacious rooms and a great restaurant collection but does suffer from some layout issues and some blandness in the public areas. . . My check-in was smooth and very professional, with very little wait. So far, so good. But finding your room the first time may be a challenge. I've stayed at LOTS of hotels, with all manner of layouts, but even I was bamboozled by the hallways and following too many signs to find my room number. If you're planning on a few cocktails, you may need to leave breadcrumbs to find your way back. If you ever find your room, you'll come into a sleek, modern space with a nice roomy feel. Soft beiges on the furniture are nicely contrasted by an eggplant carpet with three cream accent stripes. There are 16,296 buttons in the room and you probably won't have time to figure out what they all do, but the sheer and drape controls worked great and the curtains black things out nicely. The bathroom is large and has a "wet area", with the shower and then tub beyond set behind their own glass door. (FYI, the glass door is clear, so there's no privacy since anyone at the vanity can see any doodles or hoohahs in the wet area. But hey, if you're sharing a hotel room in Vegas with someone chances are they've already seen you naked. Thankfully the door to the WC is frosted.) The toiletries are boring.. . The restaurant collection is tops, one of the very best in Vegas. Standouts are Julian Serrano, Sage, Bar Masa, and American Fish. Jean-Georges Steakhouse is decent but pales next to the chef's own Prime at Bellagio. Casual restaurants are also high-quality. The restaurants all have high-concept design and are all successful, which makes it puzzling as to why the lobby area, the casino, and the spa are all so boring in their design. Some people may see this as an antidote to the Vegas craziness, but when I'm in Sin City, I want all crazy all the time.. . My spa treatment made up for the beigeness of the space by being absolute fantastic and restful, with larger-than-average rooms. It was pointy-nipple cold, so I didn't check out the pool. Overall, it's a high quality place with location, restaurants, room size, and well-trained staff giving it lots of plus points.
I read a lot of reviews on yelp before booking my trip with a little unease, and hoping I made the right choice for my first time in Vegas.  We arrived in a shuttle from the airport where a very friendly bell hop took our luggage and guided us to the sweet smelling hotel lobby.  It is much more pleasing to the nose than a lot of the other casinos with straight cig smoke smell.  Check in was a breeze with little wait and a very friendly clerk behind the counter that provided us a map of the hotel pointing out the main attractions.  . . We chose to eat our first meal at Cafe Vettro, and it was just ok.  We gave it a try the next morning, and it was just ok again.  Juliano Serranos was much more enjoyable.  We sampled around 6 tapas, and each were very nice.  . . The room was very nice with a touch pad control tablet next to the bed, and our view of the strip was outstanding!  The bed was super comfy with plenty closet space for two.  Free wi-fi and other tech upgrades makes the room even more of an attraction.. . The casino was a very friendly environment.  A lot of live music at night, and plenty of bars to pick from.  I will most def be back on my next trip.
Got a great deal on Priceline...room was clean & quiet. Beautiful hotel...def stay here again.
From the vanilla scented air to the tram connecting you to other hotels, Im a fan of the Aria. My husband and I like to escape from Xmas every year, so we stay in Vegas for a few days before the New Year. Its easy to get reservations and we always get good rates as return customers. The check in and check out are difficult so I recommend checking in early and checking out via your tv menu. We had a billing dispute when we left and the concierge informed us that its better to call when we got home because the checkout line was insanely long and it would be hard to resolve there. . . The spa is our favorite amenity and my husband says its the best massage he had ever had. I like the location of the hotel and we use it as a base from which to go to other hotels and shows up and down the strip. The internet worked fine for me once my iPad learned the sign in process and Im looking forward to the starbucks being built there opening this summer. We needed an extension cord and housekeeping was happy to bring us one even in the predawn hours of the night. This has been a great hotel for us as a couple seeking a relaxing Vegas vacation.
I stayed at Aria last week for the 2nd time and must say that this is a gorgeous hotel.. It's majestic with lots of great restaurants, the rooms are decorated nicely--also  clean & immaculate (I was upgraded to a Sky Suite and let me tell you, that was quite the experience as it was more like an apartment), you can change your room settings with a remote control (the lights, television, curtains and room temperature) and the lobby has a fragrant vanilla scent.. This hotel has a tram which can connect you to other hotels such as Bellagio and is also close to the airport.. Restaurants in this hotel include Masa, Sirio,American Fish as well as Buffet and Jean Phillipe which serves sandwiches and all kinds of sweet culinary delights. . Aria is an establishment that not only is  a feast for your eyes, but meets all other sensory expectations.
The hotel rooms are awesome and some of the nicest I've been in. This is another place that used to be so packed before Cosmopolitan took it's shine. Still I've stayed in Cosmos rooms and Arias rooms and I much prefer Arias. There are times when they will have problems with the technology in the room and stuff though. I'm not a pool guy at all so can't really comment on that. The casino is pretty nice. Huge mix of tables and slots. Aria is cool, but just not a place I really hang around. I just kinda sleep there and go on about my day at other places. Lots of clubs and restaurants but this place just isn't really my style I guess. . . If you are the type to stay in your room a lot then this is the place for you. I'm more of an out and about type of guy so I guess I don't really need a place like the Aria. I'm generally satisfied at Harrahs or Ballys
Warning if you choose to self park and have a lot of stuff....have a lot of hands. It seriously took us about 15-20 minutes from the time we parked in the self park garage to make our way with all our luggage to the elevators and then find our way to the hotel desk for check-in. We had to go through multiple levels, walk through the entire casino....there was a lot of walking. We had about a 5-10 minute wait to check-in. Staff was friendly, and since she saw that we had brought our own beverages she sent up a refrigerator for our drinks (there is a mini bar fridge in the room but there's no room for your own things in it, and because it's weighted you can't take their items out unless you plan to pay for them). I believe having a refrigerator sent up is normally charged, but since I had told them when booking my reservation that it was my husband's birthday, she gave it to us complimentary. That was nice.. . It was another long walk to our hotel room. The place is huge, so be prepared to walk a lot just to get around the resort. Our room was a king deluxe and almost had the feel of a suite. Lots of space, huge window with decent view (not a strip view, but could still see part of the strip, the pools, mountains, etc). We were on the 22nd floor. It looks cool at night when the pools and other hotels are lit up. The room had chairs, mini bar, nice closet/dressing area, and I loved the bathroom. The shower had a jacuzzi in it, which was very nice...typical of a large luxury bathroom you'd get in a suite. Not sure if the regular king rooms are like that, but the king deluxe is worth it for the bathroom you get. The hotel feels very new and modern, but doesn't feel super luxurious overall. I wish it had more of a high class feel, since it's not the cheapest hotel on the strip.. . We tried happy hour at Sirio, the Italian place in Aria. It was pretty good and had excellent service. I heard the food at Aria was very good and that seemed to be true. Also tried the fitness center, which was nice, and the pool/hot tub area....too cold to use the pool, but the hot tubs were nice. I was shocked they close at 4pm...they look so nice all lit up in the dark, it would be nice to use them in the evening. We got room service one morning and, though there was a 50 minute wait, it was awesome. They brought in a large round table with full linens, and the breakfast was delicious. It wasn't your typical room service on a tray - they really went all out in that department.. . Check-out was quicker than check in, and went smoothly. Everything on our bill was correct, including the correct beverages we had from the mini bar. No issues. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Aria. It was clean, new and modern. The food was good, room service was great, and the location is excellent. My only gripes are that it's so large that you really have to walk around a lot and if you forget something in your room - well, forget it, because it's a trip to go back and get it. I think I may try a different hotel next time I'm in Vegas, but for someone who hasn't been to Aria yet, I'd recommend giving it a try.
The most modern LV hotel I've ever stayed; as soon as I touched my card to the door, curtains opened automatically, tv started to work, lights were on. Room was very clean. There are great restaurants, I enjoyed a very good buffet for $36, restaurant was very modern and well designed. I also took advantage of their tram service to Bellegio. I used spa twice, it was the best spa experience I ever had, hot stone and salt rooms rocked. You can see the city from outdoor hot tub.
Awesome hotel atmosphere, great guest service. The only drawback here is some of the cafes are not really worth checking out.
New & modern. Great location. Beautiful decor. The roasted bean had plenty of good options for a quick fix. They have a beautiful waterfall in the front of the hotel, with flowers and bird shaped seats. The waterfall pours quicker as the time goes on. They have a fountain show as well. No comparison to Bellagio's, but the water turns colors and you see "jumping" water. Pretty cool.
Stayed here in the Sky Suites and really enjoyed the experience.  We've stayed there twice in the 2 BR suites and they usually come with a dining room and extra living room space.  We just also stayed at the MGM Skylofts and for the money I think the MGM lofts might be a better value (if you can use that word for these kinds of accommodations).  . . Similar in theme to the normal rooms here, the suites have very modern looks and are made of high quality furnishings.  The sky loft sections are nice since they have a separate check in area to beat the crowds, limo ride to/from the airport, and a lounge you can go to anytime you need a drink, cookie, cheese snack or to just get away from the crowds on the casino floor.  . . If you can spare the $ it's a nice way to enjoy a trip to LV.  Your card will also double as a line pass at the aria buffet.  BTW the aria buffet is a little pricy, but has really great food.  It's annoying that you have to pay to be seated together if you are a group bigger than 4.. . We also rented the cabana here and it's not a bad deal at around $400-600 depending on the day.  It's a nice change of pace if you feel like relaxing by the pool versus gambling all day. You'll need to call to reserve ahead of time and then they confirm availability the morning of.  The cabanas are more solid structures with misters, TV, sofa, and sink/fridge with some sodas and a cheese plate.
4.5 stars. . Aria switches between a 4 and a 5 for me.  The first couple of times I stayed there it was a 5 without question.  I loved how, in a city where everything is so over-the-top it's almost goofy, Aria is modern, simplistic and yet elegant.  . . The casino floor doesn't wreak nearly as bad of smoke as some nearby casinos.  In fact, I think it smells amazing due to whatever scent is being infused.  . . Every time we've gone we've had the option to wait for a room in a more desirable location in the hotel (higher floor, strip view, etc.).  At some properties on the strip just a strip view could cost more per night.  At Aria, if it's available, it's yours.  And if it's not, you can wait for it if you choose.  . . The rooms are modern, clean and luxurious, and highly technological with a remote that controls almost everything in them - including the curtains, lighting, and the TV's.  You can choose entire "moods" and lighting schemes with the touch of a screen and everything in the room will adjust accordingly.  What a nice touch.  And my husband, who loves his tech-y gadgets, got a real kick out of this the first time we saw it.  The bed, bedding and pillows are HEAVENLY.  I want the whole set up in my home.  . . We upgrade to the corner suite each time we go and it's so worth it.  The floor to ceiling windows lend themselves to amazing views of the strip and valley.  . . Self parking is always easy enough there.  . . We've seen Zarkana and loved the theater.  The bars are typical but nice.  We haven't eaten anywhere except Lemongrass, which was OK but just isn't our favorite kind of food.  Service was great there, though.  The property, including public restrooms, is always spotless.   I love the Jean Phillippe patisserie and the gelato/coffee shop upstairs by the pool, although the lines are always ridiculous.  The buffet was absolutely nothing special but we went about 3 years ago and it's since been redone.  The spa is way overpriced and, although nice, certainly not the best I've ever been to.  But the gym is great and offers everything you need for solid workouts during your stay!  . . The service is where things get dicey for me.  I've had terrible customer service around the property, including when we tried to order gelato once with a free voucher, but something was wrong with the computers and the shop could only accept cash.  The employee said, "well you can either pay cash or not get anything."  Quite the problem-solvers, those Aria employees lol.  . . Overall, this is my favorite place to STAY on the strip.  I can't say it's my favorite place to eat, drink, or gamble.  But as far as hotel stays go, it's one of my all-time favorites!
one of the nicest hotels in the city. waitresses come around alot and everyone is very freindly. make sure you sign up for a m card.
The Good:. - Good location in the heart of the strip with easy access to other City Center hotels and shopping.. -  Contemporary comfortable rooms with a cool shower and tub combination room.. -  Friendly professional service from every staff member I interacted with.. -  Large casino with all the must haves. -  Numerous dining options. -  Got a AWESOME price on Priceline, $75 a night. . The Bad:. -  Nothing bad in particular but those seeking a luxurious vegas hotel like the Bellagio or Venetian may not like the decor and feel of Aria.
This is our first time staying at the Aria.  The decor was dark, modern, elegant and very nice.  We loved our room. When we first walked in it, we were welcomed by the curtains automatically opening.  There were some high tech features.  There was a over priced (duh, it's Vegas!) fully stocked bar with various snacks. Everything is weight sensored so don't touch unless you want to buy! The bed was incredibly cozy! I usually prefer a firm bed but was pleasantly surprised by the softness! It was like sleeping on a cloud! . . There were several restaurants at the Aria but we only ate at one and it was mediocre and over priced. I can't remember the name of it (downstairs near lobby, green glass pillars at entrance).  I was served cold eggs and cold hash browns! Then our server ran our credit card for the wrong bill. She was quite unfriendly. I think she hated her job.. . We got lucky and won a few hundred on some of the slot machines so that was fun.  Drinks on the floor while gaming is the way to go. We ordered our same drinks in a bar and they were $15 each.. . Overall, it was a good place to stay with a great location in the middle of it all. Easy walking to the adjacent high end Crystals mall or more affordable Miracle Mile across the street.
Myself and two friends stayed at the Aria for three nights at the beginning of March for a girls weekend in Vegas. I picked the Aria because of its location and the fact that none of us had stayed there before. Overall, we had a nice stay.. . Check-in and check-out were really easy; upon arrival on Friday night at 9:30 pm, there was no one in line, so I was able to be helped immediately. A few minutes later and I would have been in a 10 person deep line which is still not that bad by Vegas standards. Check-out can be done from the room, or by dropping keys off at the front desk. The guest room elevators are not a far walk from the front desk and not that hard to find - do make sure to have your room key ready to show to the security near the elevators.. . Upon entering the room, be ready for the lights to come on, curtains to open, soft music to play, and for the TV to have your name on it. They are all nice little touches, especially at night when you see the Strip light up as the curtains open. Our room, 14006, was a little hike from the elevators, but by the end of the our stay, it didn't seem that bad. The beds in the room were super comfortable and we melted into them at the end of every night. The bathroom is a good size, complete with double sinks, shower with soaking tub, and a toilet behind a frosted door. The shower was huge which made little things like shaving my legs really easy since I had plenty of room to spread out.. . During our stay at the Aria, we had dinner at Julian Serrano (see separate review), partied for a few hours at Haze (see separate review), had drinks at The Deuce Lounge, and of course gambled. The Jean Philippe Patisserie (located right outside the guest elevators) looked amazing, but I resisted temptation and didn't indulge in any sweets.. . Be warned that the Aria is huge, so we definitely got turned around a few times. Also the taxi stand is not right outside the doors  near the front desk - you actually need to walk about 180 degrees on the sidewalk to the taxi stand. It was a tad confusing at first and, personally, not the best design. Also there is nothing that really just wowed me about the property while walking around like The Cosmopolitan does. I wasn't blown away by the Aria which is why it only gets 4 stars from me. If I couldn't stay at the Cosmopolitan on a future Vegas trip, Aria would be one of my next choices.
I liked Aria.  I don't know why so many people give it unfavorable reviews.. . Yea, I think the casino could use a bit more personality, but that's about it.  The overall design of the place and all of the great food options are tough to beat.. If you're looking for $1.00 beers and a $10.00 buffet, this isn't the place to be.  But you're also not going to step into someone's heroin overdose induced vomit stream on your way to get a scone in the morning...
I stayed at the corner suite not too long ago for five days and I had a wonderful experience at Aria. Upon check-in, which was quite late into the night, my boyfriend and I were upgraded to a corner suite with a panoramic view. I have got to say that that was something. The bedroom and bathroom each had half their windows looking out at The Strip while the living room had two sides looking out. The views were just amazing.. . In terms of space, well done Aria. The corner suite had 1.5 bathrooms (the master bathroom being almost the size of the bedroom itself), a mini foyer, a large living room with three sofas and a large bedroom. I was also pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the room (wasn't sure what to expect being in Vegas legally for the first time).. . The location of the hotel was great too. It is right across a huge shopping center and walking distance to a number of hotels such as Bellagio, Mandarin Oriental, etc. The casino and Aria's buffet are actually some of the nicer ones in comparison to TI, Paris, Monte Carlo and a few others. Aria also houses some delicious restaurants including bar MASA, Jean Georges, Julian Serrano, and Jean Philippe Patisserie (yummy, yummy desserts!). The staff were very friendly as well. On the last day, once knowing that my boyfriend and I had a flight to catch home, the lady who helped us check out gave us front-of-the-line passes to Aria's restaurants in case we had to wait. Little actions like these really make or break a hotel's customer service quality.. . In short, I really don't think I have anything negative to say about Aria from my experience! Oh, Aria is also home of Zarkana, a Cirque du Soleil show, and it is definitely one you want to see! The stunts are quite different from some other Cirque shows if you have seen more traditional Cirque shows, and the soundtrack was also wonderful.
Have stayed here about 3 times.  Rooms are pretty awesome, modern, good decor, clean.  No smoke smell in casino.  Yes, there can sometimes be a bit of a wait for check-in.  Julian Serrano's excellent contemporary Spanish restaurant.  Fitness and spa are state-of-the-art.  Hotel perfect location at City Center, easy access to strip and all things Vegas.
My wife's birthday surprise was a 3 days trip to Las Vegas and we delightfully were able to stay at the exquisite and charming Aria Hotel & Casino Resort.  We didn't realize how amazing the place would be.  We walked into our rooms after a bit of a long check-in and witnessed a beautiful room come to life.  Lights on, curtains open, and voila! Welcome to the Aria!  Room was absolutely spotless and comfortable too.  We had a phenomenal view of the strip and were able to explore all kinds of levels the hotel has to offer.  Now comes the time for Pros and Cons. . Pros:. Fantastic pool and spa location . Gym offers a variety of workouts. Food throughout the hotel was decadently delicious. Spacious rooms and bathrooms. Great bathroom amenities selections . Master light feature is fantastic(Curtain feature too). Decor of hotel is timelessly beautiful and the aroma was delightful.. Bed was amazing!!!!. Conceirge and overall staff iwas always helpful and courteous. *Always make sure to get an advanced reservation with a package plan that includes free buffet meals.. . . Cons:. Sadly the pool is only open til 5pm. Tv could be a little slow. Free internet connection took a bit of time to figure out. Towels could be softer. If a Pina Colada with no alcohol, lower the cost, shouldn't be $15 for a juice drink. Internet machines(on casino floor) that cost money make sure they're all running properly.. Have an accessible fridge and microwave optional to those that eat out and want to save their food/drink.. . . . This Hotel & Casino Resort truly is a 5-Star Caliber location.  My wife and I rate this 4.5 stars, though it'd be 4 by Yelp.  Like anything in life always room for improvement.   We highly recommend the hotel to anyone interested in staying in Vegas and look forward to coming and see if we can give them 5-Stars next time.
Stayed 3 nights for the first time and very much enjoyed this hotel. The rooms cool down quite a bit which is great for the hot summer days since the rooms have floor to ceiling windows and the beds are outstandingly comfortable! . The only problem I had is that room service never serviced our room one day. Left the room at 11am; came back at 4:30p and it was still dirty. Had to call housekeeping and ask for the room to be cleaned and they were very nice and had someone there in 30 minutes. I had left a note for housekeeping to replenish the stationary, but it went unnoticed. I only had 2 envelopes but no letterhead in the drawer. I had to call and ask twice for some to be brought up and what was brought was 3 ink pens and the small note pad lol. At least it was brought in a nice bag. . . The towels in the rooms are ribbed and very tough so they didn't feel very good on the body drying off from the shower.. . Pools were nice and heated, but on the day I went swimming it was only 72 out and windy, so the heated pool felt a little chilly. The large hot tubs were very hot tho.. . I was asked if I was celebrating anything special upon check-in and told them it was my birthday in a few days (the reason for the trip to Vegas) and was brought up chocolate covered strawberries and little dessert cakes.. . It was nice to be able to call down and let valet know to bring my car around, and everytime I parked using valet they said hello, told me their name and welcome back.
Aria is one of the newest Hotel/Casinos on the strip.. It has that whole modern/clean look, the designers here,also executed the remodel beautifully.. It's pretty small and crammed between others though, so that its hard to figure out when you are in which Casino/Hotel.. Not big enough to spend the entire day in but nice to stroll through and stop to have a drink/meal/gamble in a gorgeous atmosphere.
this place was awesome !!!! and jean phillipe patersariee wowwwwwwwwwwww!!! rooms and places are always clean they are on there a game about serve and cleaninesss!!! gottta give them cresit for that... p.s i paid extra for the strip view and i didnt think it woas worth the money because of that tall building in front blocking everything lol 1!!
Nice high tech, newer clean hotel and casino. The room and bathroom were top notch. The location was better than I thought. It was pretty easy to be at the Tropicana corner with MGM and NY NY right there. Also easy to get over to Bellagio and anything close to it using the free monorail. The house keeping was by far the best I've ever seen. Checked in and went back out at night. Came back to the room and somebody had been in there organizing our stuff and putting out the slippers and chocolates. Very impressive. We had only been there for a few hours. My only complaint and reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was the line for check in and out. I know it's a 4000 room hotel but with all the technology in this place you'd think there would be a better way. Kiosk maybe? Still hate the resort fees too. Been to Vegas 24 times now and this is probably a top 3 place for me to stay.
Kinda boring here, but very modern and clean.
Aria was awesome....ignore the whining and crying reviews dissing this place---. . Room was awesome got upgraded to a Tower mini suite awesome view on the 51st floor...very quiet, bathroom even had a bidet!. Buffet was hands-down the best I've ever eaten at...Top Notch. . Service was great, only negative it was a little pricey, but still a better value than Wynn/Encore with more action, better location and essentially the same room amenities......I will repeat here.
I stayed at the Aria just last week when I got kicked out of my other hotel. I needed something fast and in a pinch. I called and they said to just come on in and they would take care of me. After pulling into the wrong valet side, I was told to go to the other side which took me a good solid 20 minutes to navigate. The whole check in process took about 20 minutes. The one thing that sucked was the 25$ "resort" fee they tacked on to the room. A standard king ran me 400$ for a Saturday night, kinda pricey for a regular room.. . Once I got to the room it was nice. It wasn't over the top nice but it worked. The bathroom had everything we needed and the room did as well. The bed was super comfy and the pillows as well. I opened up the wardrobe and found a robe and slippers that was a major plus in my book. The channels on the tv kinda sucked and they had NO rap music stations to listen to. . . Room service was way too overpriced for my liking so I decided to hit the buffet. It was meh BUT they had all you can drink  beer/mimosa's for 12.99 . I WAS ALL OVER THAT. I gambled a bit and ran into Dirt Nasty and Riff Raff in the casino. . . Overall this casino is super nice, new and very professional. I only dinged it a star for the price.
I stayed at the Aria a few weeks ago. It is a very nice upscale and beautiful hotel. It is a large hotel and can overwhelm when you first arrive. Check-in is friendly and rather quick for the lines they have. Most of the stores, bars and restaurants are what I would consider to be upscale. It is in a nice location which is located in the midst of the strip. The rooms were comfortable. Technology at its best with remote lighting, curtains, etc. Overall, it was a great experience.
Have been coming here for a few years for various reason, sometimes for event at the convention centre and sometime to stay a few nights. As far as the hotel stays is, it's sits near the topof my Vegas experiences, a bit below than THEHotel but at a par with Mandalay Bay. I did like it a bit better than Bellagio. Rooms are large and comfortable and I did enjoy the room automation and one feature in particular where you can program the shades to open at a certain time and let the light wake you up instead of a buzzer... way cool!. . They also large a fair size convention center area on three floors that is quite nice. I also enjoyed the casino space and the good buffet.. . Aria is connected connected directly to the Monte-Carlo and has a tram to the Crystals and the Bellagio.
One more review of a Vegas Mega Resort!. . In reading these reviews, I agree with some, disagree with others.  So what can I say that is different?  Not much.  . . If you are a fan of technology you will like this hotel.  If you are over 60, you will not.. If you like a limited view of the strip you will like it.  If you don't you won't.. If you understand that Vegas is no longer a bargain vacation, this place will be right up your alley.  If you expect staying on the cheap, you won't.. . Everyone has their own preferences, that is what makes Las Vegas so special. Whatever you like, you will be able to find.  . . We came to Las Vegas to celebrate my 50th Birthday.  I came with my partner and four of our friends.  I chose the Aria because the last time I was in town, it was still under construction and it looked like it was going to be a great place.  I liked it.  I didn't 'love' it, but I liked it.. . I asked what the $25 'resort' fee was actually for and got some mumbo jumbo, but I really didn't care.  What I was a little confused about was the maid service.  I know they are trying to be 'green' and all, but seriously? I have to request that my room be made up each day?  And even then, they didn't do a very good job of making up the room.  They never even dusted.. . BUT, the room was nice, the bed comfortable, and the chairs comfy.  We ate at Jean Georges one night and had breakfast in the Buffet one morning.  Both were wonderful.. . The Aria is spacious and well apportioned.  However, if you are afraid of flying insects, you will NOT like the lobby.
3.5 to 4.5 stars (depending on experience)-. I really always want to love this hotel. It's so hip, so modern, so glamorous. Sometimes though, it fails to live up to expectations. At first, the visit was not so great. Luckily the concierge was very nice and helpful. Our first room had potato chips ground into the carpet everywhere. Called concierge and they moved us. The second room was not made yet and still had dirty towels and was unmade- they gladly moved us again. Third room was great. We had a view of the fountains and they also gave us $100 credit for all the troubles. I was glad to see how helpful they were! The rooms are really nice, except sometimes the technology doesn't work and it's semi-frustrating. Very nice mega-resort, and definitely a must stay for location and modern atmosphere.. Tips- Eat at Julian Serrano and Sage. Don't see the Cirque here, go elsewhere (highly recommend "O")
Hubby and I went for our first trip together to Las Vegas. Arrived during the weekday at the hotel. Valet was very helpful. Check in was quick - not a lot of people. Asked for a high floor, non smoking king bed room. We got a room on 28th floor. As soon as we walked in, the curtains opened and TV turned on. The room came with this iPad like thing that controlled everything electrical in the room. It took me day 2 to figure how to just turn off TV. Loved the iPad remote control- makes one lazy- love it!! The room was spacious and clean. Loved the soap/shampoo/body wash/ moisturizer. It smelled good. Because I have back issues, I can only sleep on firm beds else with wake up with back pain. The bed felt soft but was firm if that makes any senses. It was super comfy and I loved the pillows- so soft. The house cleaning staff were really nice - I think it helped that we left small tip every day. Our soaps were always refilled. The hotel is huge- wear comfy shoes. The decor is very clean looking, modern, beautiful. We walked through the lobby of Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, Caesar's  Palace, Paris, and felt that Aria surpassed all in beauty- fresher smelling lobby ( not smoky), clean, well light, large space with lots of slot machines. Also the margaritas served during our time playing slot machines was generous in alcohol and tasted great- larger glass than Caesar's and Paris hotel. .  There's a backery called Jean Phillipe right next to the guest elevators. U must try their almost croissant - a buttery, flaky, almond butter piece of heaven. We ate that every day- I am still dreaming about it. . Upon check out, we asked if they could waive the resort fees since we didn't use those amenities - they said no. Strange since I read other reviewers got theirs waived. Please remember those fees add up- $112 for 4 nights which is high, especially if u don't use the amenities and to charge tax on resort fees seems a little too much for me.  Also, upon check out, they tried to charge us for two Fiji bottles of water which we did not use. I have to say an issue I had with the room was that there was this loud popping noise every 3 hours which woke me up. At first I thought a bird flew into the window since it scared the crap out of me the first time. But I watched the windows and no birds. I have no idea where that noise came from. The view from our room was beautiful.   I appreciated the front desk being able to accommodate our requests. The only other issue I had was that I started breaking out really bad from buttocks to ankles. I was so itchy every day and had red bumps/welts on my skin, especially my legs. I don't know what is was. I put lotion on every night to alleviate the itching. At first, I thought bed bugs but the hubby didn't have any issues that I had. But of course, being a man, he is hairy and if I was a bug or flea- that would take too much work.  We have been home and the itchiness has gone away. I don't know what caused the itching- maybe the body wash and dry skin? . . The one thing I really liked is that this hotel didn't smell like cigarettes. It actually smelled clean with a slight flower scent. For people who are allergic to smoke, u will appreciate this when u visit the older hotels that reeks of smoke. . . If we are to return to LV, we might stay here again.
I waited to review this place until after my stay at the Cosmopolitan a mere 7 weeks later so that I could do a comparison. I didn't think too much about this place and would have given it 3 stars, but after my recent stay at the Cosmo, my appreciation for Aria raised its ratings. . . My initial opinion of this place was that it appears they were trying too hard but fell a little short. There were so many little blemishes on the property that I'd never noticed elsewhere. Such as the hardware on the padded, embroidered walls (which were unique by the way) were screwed on so tight that the indentations were  extremely noticeable. It took away the beauty of the walls. The drawers in the room had really bad scratches, which I thought was strange to see in such a fairly new building. A long, orange power cord was left in the room, in plain sight. These and a few of other little things seem petty, I know. However, they were noticeable enough to grab my attention as I never cared to inspect such things (the wall thing sounds ridiculous but trust me, it'll catch your eyes). . . The one thing that I took for granted until I stayed at the Cosmo was the modern technology. Hallelujah! Everything was controlled via a touchscreen remote control/pad. I can turn off the lights and blinds at once with ease. . . The decor of the room was decent, I don't recall being blown away, but I wasn't disappointed either. Everything was standard/expected of a 5-star hotel such as double sinks with granite top, secluded toilet, and stand up shower - with seats!. . Overall, if you're not a picky hotel patron like me then you'd love this place.
I've decided to go ahead and start logging my Vegas hotel experiences.  I've been in a lot of them the past few years and I usually try different ones based on what deal I can get and where I have and have not stayed.. . The Aria is extremely modern and beautiful.  Years of smoking in the older hotels tends to make the hotels smell a little but it looks like the Aria was designed to inhibit this.  The casino itself has high ceilings and is insanely beautiful.  When you walk in there is a whiff of vanilla to greet you and leave you with a nice impression.. . The rooms themselves are quite nice.  I think the cheapest I've ever found on a busy time was about $125/night, which isn't bad considering how fancy the room is.  There is a $25 resort fee which is annoying but I really do use the wifi and it's included so I'm not complaining too much.  If I went to a Harrah's hotel with no resort fees, the wifi is like $20/day.  Might as well pay the extra $5 and get full gym access too with all the bottles of water I can bring back to my room.  . . I've only stayed in their basic rooms but they are still super nice.  When you walk in, everything powers on and everything is controlled by a touchpad that sits on your nightstand.  Bathrooms super clean and everything just has a nice touch to it.  The beds are something I just melt in...I've never had a rough time sleeping in an Aria bed.  . . I've never  had an issue with customer service at this hotel nor really any problems whatsoever.  . . I dinged a star because it is somewhat pricey and the rooms are VERY far from the elevators.  It's a good 3-5 minute walk in some cases from the elevator to your room and it's easy to get lost.  . . Much like every Vegas hotel, look for a deal online somewhere if you decide to book here.. . edit:  Crap forgot to review the buffet.. . The Aria Buffet is quite nice.  I've only had it for brunch but it's about $35 (pricey) but they serve lobster and all sorts of seafood during the brunch buffet too so I'll deal with it.  I've never really had anything awful from this buffet so I think it's worth it.
I would hate to be the maintenance guy for a Vegas hotel.  Hotels on the strip get worked - hard.  After a few years, your typical Vegas-strip hotel starts to look like a Motel-6 with a Cirque du Soleil show, slot machines, and a mall.. . When I have to go, I try to stay in a newer place.  Thus, I've stayed in the Aria.  It's only a few years old, still smells nice, and the rooms are still somewhat fresh (you just don't want to think much about what has gone on in there before you ever booked the room).. . The pool is large, and they have an adults only pool, which is really just a night-club with loud music, college students, and booze.  . . The restaurants are one of the shining points of the Aria.  Bar Masa is fantastic, as is Sirio.  Everything else rates as very good.  . . As with all Vegas hotels, the people watching is interesting, and there will be things that you just can't un-see, but overall the crowd is more upscale than say the Hard Rock or The Palms.. . So, until an even newer, cleaner, more upscale hotel isbuilt on the strip, I'll stay at the Aria when I find myself in Vegas.
LOVE this hotel. EVeryhing about it. Amazing rooms for both normal and suites. Suites come with a huge island bath tub and his/her sinks/closets/toilets. They have little toiletries like hair spray that just make things really nice. As a photographer, I could shoot here for days.
The rooms were very clean and the smell was pleasent.  The resturants were good but they could use a good lunch spot.  It is in a very good centrally located location.   I was a little put off by the resort fee but it seems pretty standard.  The staff seemed friendly and the casino staff was very warm and friendly.  If you want to go to "liquid" be ready for a meat market but the other pools were very relaxing.  Finding a chair was a little difficult but this was a very nice weekend. Whoever said the berry Basel was great is right on.   I would stay again.. . P.S. If anyone from the aria staff reads this please invest in some better towels.  For such a nice place this really seemed like a shortcut
I went to this hotel & casino to pick up friends who came down from Texas. OMG the rooms are huge I say rooms because their were 6 friends total. And everyone coupled up and I got a chance to chill in 3 different rooms. . The view was one thing that I enjoyed the most. But back to the rooms they were filled with goodies free food I had gray goose and candy bars and chips. I filled my purse up with goodies. (Giggles) . They had huge pretty bathrooms. I loved the closet space. The casino was fun and we ate at the bar. The slots seem fun and loose I won 320 bucks. I will return to this hotel and casino ASAP. I was able to stand with friends when they checked out and the employees who work here are friendly and kind and that's a huge plus in my book.
Very good high end hotel, which is newer than most hotels in vegas. Real good prices for room and tey always send me discounts. However, be carefull with the mini bar and fridge...anything you remove they would automatically charge you. I wished they would leave some empty room to store personal items in fridge, so we would not have to remove anything. Luckily when you complain they remove teh charges. For gambling it is also a good hotel with plenty of tables for everything.
I am all for technology, especially in today's world where even my 5 year old operates my iphone, ipad and smartv remote better than me. But I have to fess that the all electronic, remote controlled hotel room environment was a bit much. Just about everything (except toilet flush lol) could be controlled at the touch of a button or remote control; however there are downfalls. We had a reading light and floor lamp go out thinking we needed new bulbs so we called housekeeping where they quickly sent up a tech from utilities. Reading lamp just needed a new bulb, but the floor lamp needed more. After 15 minutes or so of clicking, calling another tech on walkie talkie then removing wall panel it was decided that a new lamp would have to be sent up the next day. The room was very dark but thankfully it was almost bedtime.. . And because everything has been planned out electronically, there was hardly any outlets for our personal devices. Both my husband and son require medical breathing machines and we could not find any outlets near the beds and nightstand. Again, we had to call housekeeping who sent someone up from utilities to provide us with an extension cord. So now we have spent an extra $10 in tips for utilities...one hand at the blackjack table.. . The outlet (which is turned on its side) in the bathroom for the blow dryer was also located right in the middle of the sink counter backsplash. Considering that it's gfi, it is still a horrible location. The cord on the dryer then should be longer. Aside from weird design quirks, moreso electrical, the room overall was nicely done.
gotta give credit when credit's due, they messed up on adding me to the room and i wasted 20+ min in the lobby which could've been pilfered in the casino.  due to their error they gave me $75 food/beverage credit.
Hello? Ms reviewer? What is this place? It too good. WIll come back soon! Di. This place very sex as it is large and had many beauty for long time. Casino large and have many game, me liked roulette and umbreonjack the most time. I have many luck here as I turn 25 pokebucks to 200 pokebucks. The mall inside make celedon department store looked like a corn. Many friendship stores and eat time houses to make inner child coach hit to yay. Me no stay here but did go into a room of a person who lived here, oh me god many nice even for a 2 queen bed room. Overall I call you today to say stay here if you has no budge, as price can hit to key financial coach somewhat, also food having many expense as it allow no proceedment  to the road of savings 4/5 DI DI DI DI DI
Love the hotel, love the rooms, love the pool. Not much of a gambler so I can't give much feedback on the casino. The only problems I had were with the front desk/reservations/billing.. . Our room was a standard king but seemed pretty big. As we walked in the window drapes automatically opened and the music turned on. Very cool. Nicely decorated room, lots of cable stations and a heavenly mattress. For dinner we dined at Javiers (high end Mexican) and we went over to the neighboring Crystals mall for another meal (high end stores like Prada and Tiffany's). The pool is beautiful, get there early to snag a lounger under a tree. I had the most amazing gin and cucumber cocktail. Perhaps my favorite part of the hotel is how closely it is located to Vdara, Cosmo and Bellagio. We didn't take a cab the whole weekend from the time we arrived at our hotel. . . We were able to secure a good room rate over Memorial Day through Player's Club. The person who checked us in was a disaster and they screwed up our bill and put it on the wrong credit card. So that took time to straighten out. The hour ordeal to get everything straightened out did get us a $50 credit in the end as they were out of suite upgrades.. . Would I come back again? Yes, but only third to Bellagio and Cosmopolitan.
Beautiful!!  We loved staying here.  The room was large and comfortable and the staff was great.  We had a view, but couldn't see much because the outside window was filthy.  It was covered in dirt.  Also, our room was charged for food from the "snack area" that we DID NOT EAT.  Overall it was a nice place and clean.
I was really excited to stay at the Aria. If you're looking for a great location, this is it--smack-dab in the middle of the strip. It's a quick walk to Cosmopolitan, Planet hollywood, Paris, and Bellagio. It's right next to the Crystals Shopping Center--too rich for my blood but it's still inviting to walk through it to get out onto the strip. . . The facilities are great. (See my other review on the spa and pool.) Plenty of eateries to choose from plus a convenience store and starbucks.. . The room is well-appointed. You have everything you need. The bathrooms are spacious with a separate tub and shower. Plenty of closet space. Comfy bed. One of the things they really try to emphasize is how high-tech the room is--the lights, curtains, music, tv, etc can be controlled via one digital console. I just wish they had a separate fridge--instead of stocking it with all their mini-bar items. . . This is a huge hotel--so it's easy to get lost in. . . I went during Memorial Day Weekend--having only been to Vegas in the off-season before, I was overwhelmed by the number of people there. The check-in process takes a while if there are long lines but the friendly staff make it a little easier to get through. . . And the Aria is a high traffic hotel during these busy weekends...so be prepared for the crowds in the lobby--most of these people aren't even staying at the hotel--they're just walking through. I didn't want to dock points for having trashy people in the lobby--but when you're paying over $200 for one night at the Aria---you expect a certain level of luxury. . . The one biggest pet peeve I had was their internet station (even more frustrating because the everything is supposedly so high-tech)--it was clumsy, hard to use, and after paying for internet access and print fee, we weren't able to print our tickets and boarding passes because the printer ran out of ink. I immediately stormed up to the lobby and complained to the front desk and they took care of it immediately. I just wanted my $5 back that I paid for internet/printer access--out of sheer principle--but the credited my resort fee for one night--which was over $20--so i was pretty pleased with how it was handled. . . I would stay at the Aria again if it were the the off-season.
This was our second time staying at the Aria and we were not disappointed.  The only thing missing is the smell.  I noticed the first time we walked in we smelled the vanilla this time I didnt smell the vanilla.   . . Pretty nice modern contemporary hotel.  Enjoyed our stay, comfortable bed and great shower/tub.  . . The buffet is not the greatest, Ive had better. . . The pool/spa are great.  Nice location and lots of lounge chairs.  . . Starbuck's is in the building!!!  Also right out side on the strip next to the yummy yogurt spot.  . . Overall our experience was great.  Location was great, right in the middle of the strip.
Nothing to really complain about, I'm not picky about my stay anywhere as long as it's clean and this is beyond clean. It's a big hotel so of course they can't remember you and treat you like royalty, but every interaction I've had with staff here from front desk to valet to random housekeepings have been really polite and courteous.. . The only downside was the automatic charge for salon/spa even if we don't use it which we didn't at all and didn't find out about the extra charge until we checked out.
Posh rooms on the Strip!. . PRO's:. + GORGEOUS rooms; sleek, modern, super clean. + Power-activated curtains!  One button will open or close the curtains for you!. + "Goodnight" button turns off ALL the lights in the room with just one push. + Tub area connected to the shower area so you don't have to worry about overflowing the tub for bubble baths/soaking!. + Two sinks in the bathroom!. + Security guard before entrance to elevators. + Separate elevators for different sets of floors. + Tons of good options for food and shopping downstairs (including my fave, Jean Phillipe Patisserie!!!!). + Casino hardly smells like smoke. . I've also heard the pool and workout facilities are fab, but didn't get the chance to check it out myself :(.. . CON's:. - Its location pulls towards the south side of the Strip, aka not super central. - Cost.  Luckily we got the room comped, but it's on the more expensive side for Strip hotels.  Not unjustifiable though!. - Bathroom is pretty small, especially compared to ones I'm used to in Planet Hollywood and Venetian/Palazzo. - Parking situation.  The driveway into the parking structure/hotel is super short and like 5 lanes wide, so to change multiple lanes while dodging taxis can be scary.  Also, when you enter the parking structure you have to make a very sharp left turn, else you'll bump a sharp, cornered median.  Luckily it's lit up to warn motorists!. . All in all, LOVED this hotel for its overall cleanliness, chic-ness, and location on the Strip!
Ah Vegas!  I've been to Vegas too many times and every time I leave I tell myself I'll never come back but alas I'm back for my OWN bachelor party.  Aria is one of the newest hotels on the strip-- probably the last in the foreseeable future (financial crisis anyone?).  . . It's always nice to be smack in the middle of all the action plus they have a free tram that runs between the Bellagio and other casinos.  The hotel room welcomes you when you come in with the automatic opening of the shades.  The rooms themselves are smaller than the Venetian suites I've stayed in or even the ones at the MGM Grand.  The rooms do have Ipod/USB connectors for the TV and touch screen controls for lights/shades/TV.   The hotel seems to cater to the 30+ and not the hormones raging 20+.  The sports book was my own little man cave during the early afternoons and Jean Georges Steakhouse my cafeteria.  Zarkana is the big show in the hotel but I suggest you hike it over to Caesars to watch Absinthe instead.  . . I really liked this hotel.  I had a good chat with the valet guy and even the bellhops were cool.  Rack up those Mlife points and maybe consider spending them on free rooms were at Aria.
Alas I was only here for a week-long conference and was staying in the adjacent Monte Carlo, but nonetheless the sights are amazing here. . The amenities all the way down to the bathroom are modern and the place it kept in amazing shape. You can definitely tell this hotel is the new kid on the block. . The gaming area also was very nicely laid out though I could never find a minimum or free table that I wanted to sit at, so just walking around was okay. . Would love to come back and stay for a weekend though!
Stayed for 3 nights on business in early June.  Had a really nice experience.  It was a pricy, which is no big deal if the company pays for everything.  I'm not sure I could afford to stay otherwise.  My room was just beautiful.  The bed was huge and comfy.  The bathroom was spacious and lovely.  I had a great view from my room through the gigantic wall of windows.    . Javier's restaurant  was delicious and not crazy expensive (everything in Vegas is pretty expensive).  I expected the trip to be exhausting, but was able to relax and enjoy myself.  . The only problem was a very very long line for check in which took over 30 min,  and long lines for all of the places that served any breakfast foods in the morning (as in Woah HUGE lines).  Otherwise it is a sleek, gorgeous place, easy to navigate, and a great stay.
Beautiful hotel, wonderful rooms, friendly staff, decent rates and within walking distance of a few other nice hotels. . . I think I've been tanted from other hotels and will probably prefer to stay here from now on!!. . Cheers!
The Aria has a great location and is super modern and clean. Very tech savvy rooms with good views and a overall pleasant and comfortable stay.. . The day I chose to arrive their main computers were down and I waited in line for near 45 minutes. They did however have a full staff to cater to the waiting and apologizes profusely. They did bring drinks both Adult and non and made sure we were all OK and were very polite and explained the situation. . . Once checked in I did like the room and its features and felt very cozy. The shops within the compound are very nice and the restaurants, bars and bakery were good as well. Nothing over the top or nothing A++ just very good I would say. I did find myself going back to Bellagio to gamble and I also visited the Wynn for the first time and was blown away. . . I found myself able to walk near everywhere and enjoyed the location greatly. I would certainly return and recommend
Oh Aria, you're so pretty with all of your art and architecture. I love just walking around this property and taking in the sites. And there's a cool Cirque show, a nice pool, a decent spa, several good restaurants, etc., etc. And parking and valet are easy breezy. But you are a bit pricey for my pocketbook. So no gaming here for me.
Aria is definitely worth the stop while you are in town!. . Nice contemporary setup, with great restaurants including Sage and Jean Philippe!  Many more to choose from...some that will shrink your wallet!. . They have a Poker room that seems to always be busy, but I have never gambled here myself.. . Rooms look great too, but I've never stayed here before.  . . A bit spendy being central on the strip, but it's the cost of convenience :)
I recently stayed here for 4 nights.  I think I've stayed at every big hotel in Vegas.  I used to like THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, but that property is a bit dated.  Service is awful, too.  I like Encore, but everything is so expensive there.  Bellagio is one big tourist mecca.  The other hotels (Caesars, Venetian, PH, etc.) feel claustrophobic. Dark.  Low ceilings.  Smoky.  Same crowd you'd find on a Carnival cruise ship.. . My favorite hotel is Mandarin Oriental, but they don't have a casino... and if I'm in Vegas, I kind of want a casino in the building.  Easy access.  Aria is part of the City Center complex... same as Mandarin Oriental (and Cosmo, which I'll get to in a separate review).   Big, open casino.  High ceilings.  Newer machines.  Very little smoke.  Lots of good dining options (except for their buffet... which is terrible). The rooms are all modern and high tech.  Bathrooms are clean and logical.  Service is exceptional.  Elevators are grouped by floor ranges... which makes for a quick trip. They have a "promenade" level where you can get to the spa, pool, Starbucks, the shops) without having to go through the casino.  The resort even just smells nice.. . The fitness center is cool, but it closes at 8PM... which is pretty early.  Back to the dining options... Todd English's P.U.B is a great place for chicken parm sliders, lobster rolls, and good food at a reasonable price.  The Five50 pizza joint serves some of the best pizza I've had (awesome when you're highly buzzed at 1AM and need to fill your belly).  Lemongrass had slow service, but awesome Thai food. Blossom offers typical Chinese dishes, but 5-star service in an elegant setting.  My best friend is Chinese and agreed that it was some of the best she's had.    They've got a Javier's off the casino floor if you want a tasty margarita, Mastro's if you want a steak, and the list goes on (Julian Serrano, Sage, Social House, She by Morton's). . . Aria's got a good location. Mandarin Oriental is next door and offers MoZen and a nice bar with a view.  Cosmo isn't too far away.   A bridge will take you across the street to Planet Hollywood, Bubba Gump, and a bunch of stuff.  CVS is nearby.. . So... it's relatively new, big, clean, and offers a lot of variety.  I'd stay here again.
I have to say I was impressed to actually stay at the Aria hotel this time.  The room was very impressive, my friends got a deal from priceline or wherever so even on Thurs and Friday night we got the same rate for both nights.  Most Vegas hotels for friday night are very pricey.  I think some hotels cost about $400 a night on a friday especially the whole 1 king sized bed thing.  The access to everything was great, the gym and the pool.  . . Downside was I thought the bathrooms were small but I mean we had two queen size beds so it was 4 people ( 3 guys, 1 girl) sharing a bathroom so that was just the slight issue, it was hurry up shower, do your business and get ready in the bathroom quick so the next could go and we would not end up getting to the clubs too late.  . Another downside - daily $25 resort fee tacked onto your daily rate (per room, not per person), Another downside- I heard the same thing too, even if you touch the mini-bar and move stuff you will be charged $50 restocking fee and probably charged $4 for some stale ass potato chips.  My friends and I kept soda, beer, Haitian vodka bottles, Captain MOrgan rum bottle  and Gatorade fully stocked to drink in our room.  . . -I have to say hotel rooms were beautiful and very futuristic looking and saying you stay at Aria did hold some weight in the club later that night (fellas I am just sayin').  The other guy the girl was talking to probably said he was staying at some Best Western or something.  I hope to stay here again next time I come back, loved thelocation when walking from the strip to get around here and  there.
First time at the Aria and my first time in Las Vegas! Beautiful hotel with great customer service from checking in to calling house keeping they made you feel so taken care of! Im from California and aren't used to the smoking inside thing but the Aria keeps the hotel nice and ventilated so you don't feel like you're breathing it in. When we walked into our hotel room the automatic blinds open with a great view, the lights come on and the TV turns on. everything is just a button push away. The bed is so comfortable it was like sleeping on a cloud. You can actually buy their whole bed set up if you want. We are going to buy the pillows they were great! My only complaints were that the hotel is a little bit off the strip so if it's a 110 degrees outside going anywhere can be a little over whelming. We enjoyed the pool one day which was very mellow (MONDAY)  they have 3 pools which seemed to be divided up with families who have kids, young adults etc. That was nice because you can pick your crowd. One complaint I had was the bathroom in the room wasn't cleaned very properly. The tub seemed to have some soap scum or cleaning product in it, same with the toilet and had a bit of a funny smell over all. I know if I would have called house keeping they would have taken care of it right away for me so I wasn't too concerned but it did keep me from using the giant awesome shower tub combo. Make sure you have the concierge print your boarding passes when you check out, thats a great service. as for restaurants the Aria cafe was OK but it took 20+ mins to get one order of "late night" chicken strips when it wasn't even busy. We also went to Julian Serrano for Tapas which was good (not amazing) but I'm from SF so I'm a bit of a tough critic. Very good service everywhere we went though! The golden club (sunday night)  was very small and not that impressive... no where to sit unless you had bottle service which was annoying if you just want to have a drink not even any bar stools. Dj was old school hip hop/ rap/ house/ top 40. Needless to say we left after one drink. I would check out other big clubs if your looking for a good time. One plus about the club was that my boyfriend was $20 and I was $10 plus we got two free drinks- we did have to get wrist bands for this from a guy who scouted us downstairs to get this deal. This is a cheaper deal than most clubs in Vegas. Over all great hotel and I would stay again!
The aesthetics of this hotel is pretty impressive. It's modern and inviting. There's a tram that takes you to Monte Carlo and Vdara. . . The same ambiance goes for the room. There's a touch screen tablet that controls the TV, A/C, and the curtains. You can even set the curtains to open a certain time in the morning for a wake-up call! Fancy huh?. . The bathroom had a separate bath and shower. I would return again and maybe go for a more expensive room to see the difference.
21st Century Vegas! Best hotel in the City center ... Long lines during check out.. However they a extremely accommodating. Art is everywhere... No plastering and facades like many other Vegas hotels.. Beautiful architecture with real steel, stone, marble, wood...quality restaurants... Easy access to Chrystal  and Bellagio via tram..
Beautiful exterior and lobby. Loved the soothing and cooling waterfall that is out front.. . Reviewing based on what is aptly called THE BUFFET. . Came here for Sunday Brunch ( we had a complimentary breakfast for two coupon from a neighboring hotel that is part of the MGM resort properties), and simply paid the difference.. . A lot of choices, and nearly every  dish was delicious. Generous servings of prime rib, brisket, pork from the carving station. American cuisine  - biscuits, gravy, waffles, french toast, pancakes, huge selection of bread, rolls, muffins, pastries. Chines breakfast items of congee, dimsum. Italian station was really a lot of kid friendly choices including pizza. Seafood station has both hot and cold crab legs, mussels, clams, the scallop ceviche was not my fave ( I almost NEVER spit out food, but there was that bad texture and taste on the scallop). Enjoyed the cured meats and cheeses (Asiago, Fontina and one more choice). Quiche Lorraine was a tad dry (sitting in a warmer too long, perhaps). . Smoked salmon and really peppery smoked trout also at the seafood station.. Fruit and salad station had a good variety but nothing spectacular.. . Really good service from the servers (who bring out a carafe of coffee to each table). Requested a carafe of Iced tea and got that as well. . . They also will not clear your table until you are pretty close to ending your meal (when you start pushing away plates or stacking them to make room for more) so they are not hovering around. . . PACE YOURSELF , save room for gelato or sorbet at the end of your meal - refreshing sugar free strawberry was great with the Italian lemon ice (from a different station).. . All in all, good value for the money.
Really liked my deluxe room. The technology is cool, control everything in the room with a touchscreen.  I wish they had self-service check in to avoid the lines.  Casino is not too big or too smokey.  The bakery is awesome.
This was my boyfriend and my first time in Vegas without family. . . We were celebrating his birthday so naturally I wanted to stay in a nice hotel. . It had been years since we both had been in sin city and Aria had not been built yet. . . It is definitely a beautiful hotel.. As soon as you walk up, you notice the beautiful details of a waterfall.. . When you first walk in the aroma of cigarette smoke does not overwhelm you like in some casinos on the strip. It is clean and bright which I loved. . . ...Then you notice the long check in line. Which of course is to be expected at a popular hotel on the strip, the line when smoothly and probably as quickly as possible. . . The staff was courteous and friendly and got us checked in and on our way. The elevators are grouped up by floors which is nice, they also have someone manning the elevators checking for key cards, which is great, but it almost seems like it'd be more updated if the elevators had a key card security slot like I've seen in other hotels.. . We stayed on the 20th floor and our room was SOO Far from the hotel. You would think there'd be more than one elevator for the floor, but there isn't and it was literally a trek from the elevator to our room. . . When we got to our room. The lights were off, the curtains were closed. And it took us a minute to find switches to everything, as everything is controlled by a little mini control screen. . . When we finally got everything on, we were greeted by a beautiful view of the strip. . . Our room was smaller than I pictured from the pictures. The bathroom was nice. The separate . soaking tub was a really nice touch which we used every night we were there. We got two robes and slippers. Housekeeping was prompt to bring us toothpaste and an extra pair of slippers when I called down. . . Housekeeping was also excellent at keeping our room neat and tidy which I appreciated. They tidy''d our room in the morning and did a turn down service at night. Chocolates and all.. . The pool of the Aria was wonderful. We spent a few hours down there lounging around. I wish there were more shady spots available as the Vegas sun was beaming down on most areas. It'd be nice if they had more umbrella's available. . . We also got two free buffet meals. We used it for dinner on a friday night. If it weren't free I would definitely pass on the buffet.. . The biggest complaint about our stay was check out. We checked out on a sunday morning. I understand lines are going to be long. But you would think with a hotel so up to date and a room completely controlled by a remote, you should be able to review your bill on your TV screen and check out through there. I've been to much lower end hotels such as hilton and can check out from my room. The line was long and although they tried to go quickly it was a tad annoying that that was our only means to checking out. There was a person going around with an ipad asking if people wanted to express check out with them, but they didn't go down the line in any sort of fashion so they never even asked me and skipped me, which annoyed me even more. . . Other than that, our stay was pleasant, and we would stay here again.
When staying in city center, I like to stay at Aria. Rooms are gorgeous, and restaurants are on point. I won't really gamble here, but it always seems to be poppin! Not my absolute first first choice, but I do love it when I stay here! It even smells good.
Stayed here for the first time recently and I'm a big fan. Reasonable prices and I loved my room - modern and classic decor, high tech, great shower and tub. It's as luxurious as you need, since for most of us a room in Vegas is just for sleeping. Aria exceeded my expectations.. . Its location is a definite plus. Super close to the Cosmopolitan for food/nightlife and the CityCenter is right there for food/shopping. . . Check-in took a long time, though. Great service, but downvotes for that long line. Also could use more elevators, maybe.. . Can't comment on the pool, room service, or housekeeping.
My first time staying -- I'd have to say very nice and eloquent place. The only reason I didn't give this place its final star was the long wait in line for everything. Valet drop off, Check in, bathroom, cafe, coffee, pool, valet pick up, card check to go to rooms, and bell service. It gave the feeling they were under staffed.
This hotel is SOOOO beautiful, I didn't stay there but I shopped and gambled here a little and I just want to COMPLIMENT on what a WONDERFUL and cool casino and regular hotel staff they have here. They were so nice and funny, trying to teach us the rules of the tables and such. . . I also really love how much things they have in this hotel to do. and also how just in general beautiful and clean and upscale feeling this place was. I think I want to stay here next time I am in Vegas. I feel like I wont have to travel much since this hotel has shopping, restaurants, a casino and club!! =) . . overall, i think the average hotel stayer or tourist wont be disappointed here!
In two words- modern decadence. Really chic modern rooms.  When you first get to your room the blinds open the lights go on And the room welcomes you: its really cool if you into that. All the ammenities are top notch- kinda pricey but worth the moneys.
Review for shops and ambience : The inside decor is beautiful.  Very modern and interesting.  The shops are very high end and designer.  Very pretty to walk through!
I would definitely stay at Aria again if I could.  It is in a great location near everything else I wanted to go to.  I went with a group and received great service from all the employees I interacted with.  The staff that does the take down service at night was awesome.  We were a group of girls with our stuff literally strewn EVERYWHERE in the room and they took the time to fold up random clothes, position slippers by our bed, leave us chocolates and organize small groups of items on the counter tops while also preparing the beds for us.   I was really impressed at how pleasant and friendly all the service employees were.  . . There is a safe in the room that is very discreet.   There is no microwave or refrigerator there.  I wish there was a fridge so I could at least have drinks cold, but the ice is free - I would recommend buying a cheap foam container from the CVS across the street to put a bag of ice in for if you have drinks to keep cold.  I don't mind that there was no microwave as much since I know they want you to eat out and spend- not cook and stay in while you're in Vegas!   . . The pool had 3 -4 lifeguards at all times. Good for kids because it is shallow.  Go there early if you want to lay under a little bit of shade though.  They have service at the pool so you can order drinks or food there.  . . Something I would keep in mind is that the mini bar will charge you, just like all other places, if you use the food or drink in there.  However the difference is that it is weight sensitive - so if you pick up the items or open the fridge and put things inside - it will notice and charge you for "using" the item, whatever it was.  It is a 50 dollar charge per day to use the mini bar fridge by putting things in, and then various charges for items available.   Just keep an eye on your check out statement before you leave so you can contest any problems with that - maybe your kids or you picked up items to look at them - it will still charge you!  So check your final bill before you leave - the lady at the front desk removed the charge and it was no problem but just something to keep in mind.  You don't want to leave Vegas and then realize they overcharged you later!
My wife and I love the Aria.. I have stayed at dozens of hotel/casinos in Las Vegas for the past 35+ years.. I would have to say most of them are getting old. Even the ones that have been upgraded seem old, but the Aria is all new. But of course it is fairly new anyway.. Once we stayed there, we never looked back. Its our favorite now and always stay at the Aria.. We use our M-Life rewards card every chance we get. And why not. We get free suites and food every visit, not to mention the other comps.. The corner suites are (Bitchin). We love that there are 2 toilets! I don't need to go into that ok!. The floor to ceiling glass is gorgeous and even the all glass bathroom windows are a sight to see though!. 3 TV's and a mini bar and frig with its own ice maker. We use it all.. Oh and the Toto bidet toilet is,  well a treat!. Now we have a casino host since everyone kept telling us we were suppose to have one (people like the ones who worked in the casino).. So now we call our host every time we need something. Nice!. Using the M-Life rewards card also lets us in the buffet line without waiting. We get to see a free show and the last show was Zarkana, and got front roll seats.. We also like the fact that the Aria is a 5 star hotel and LEEDS certified, although my wife doesn't care. . The casinos have vents built in the slot machines to circulate the smokey air so the air smells clean and they are suppose to have their own scent too.. You can also use your M-Life cards at other casinos like the MGM, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay etc and get points.. Work your way up to the Platinum card and you'll be treated like a VIP.. BTW, the NOIR card is the top players card. NO way are we going to even come close to that unless we sell our house and cars to gamble away! . We also love the buffet there. More about that later.
Beautiful hotel and delicious restaurants. Great location. Only downside was the overcrowded, annoyingly set up mini pools- expected more in that area.
My wife and I passed through here last week on our anniversary.  We stayed next door at the Monte Carlo and found the hallway that connects the two..  The staff was super friendly and helpful.  We didn't book a room here so I couldn't help you on that.. But after cruising through this place  I would consider staying here.  Legit casino area. I would definitely come here again.
My wife and I stayed here for two nights in late August.  We liked it quite a bit, but there were a few small irritations that annoyed me - not deal breakers, just irritants.  I would stay here again if I get a good deal on the room rate.. . First the Pros:  The Aria is quite new, so everything is modern, clean, and not showing any wear or grime.  There are lots of restaurants located on the casino level and the Promenade level, at least three places for coffee (including Starbucks), and a spacious Jean Philippe Patisserie that serves beautiful pastries as well as sandwiches.  The casino is huge, doesn't reek of smoke, is well-lit and pleasantly quiet, not frantic and deafening.  Outside are two water features that I found mesmerizing: a "waterfall wall" and a fountain with a unique lighting system and different spray programs.. . The hotel staff was very efficient, polite and courteous.  Even all the housekeepers smile and say "good morning" when you pass in the hall.  Security (there were many) and casino workers were likewise pleasant and helpful.. . In the room, everything electronic is/can be controlled by a master LCD touch panel (like a tablet) on the nightstand.  So when you go to bed, one tap on an icon will turn off all lights and TV, and close the drapes.  The panel also serves as a clock and you can set an alarm if you wish.  It also controls the air conditioner and TV.  I think you can change channels with it too, but there is a regular remote control for that as well.  The bathroom has double sinks and a separate toilet area.  Towels are thick and fluffy, and they even provide robes for you to use.  We did not use the bath sundries provided.. . I liked the master on/off light switch and the "Privacy" and "Service" switches next to the door that illuminated signs outside, which replace the old doorknob hang tags.. . Elevators are fast and plentiful.  For efficiency, they provide six elevators for every 12 floors or so, so depending on which floor you're on, you must take a certain bank of elevators.  There is a free electric air-conditioned tram that shuttles you between the adjacent Monte Carlo and Bellagio Hotels.  If they could only extend this to the entire Strip!. . Now the Cons:  As other yelpers pointed out, you do a lot of walking at this hotel (but this helps you burn off the calories that you're consuming in Vegas!)  If you self-park there is a long walk to the front desk to check in because first you have to reach the hotel, then you must trek through the entire length of the casino to reach the front desk.  I fumed about this until my wife pointed out that the front desk is at the FRONT of the hotel (closest to Las Vegas Blvd. and where the taxis and valet parking are) so that made sense.  Besides, you only check in once, then you never have to do the hike again.  The walk back to your car really isn't that long; it is comparable to most other Vegas Strip hotels, I think.  But to get to the Strip itself you have to walk through the adjacent Crystals Mall instead of just through the casino.  There can be a long walk from the elevator to your room, however, since it is a large hotel and one bank of elevators per floor.. . I did not care for the electronic control panel in the room.  There is an annoying 2-second delay between tapping the icon and the action taking place, as another yelper mentioned.  This can and should be fixed.  I mostly preferred to disregard the touch pad and just use the regular on/off switches on the lamps and the wall switch for the drapes.. . The wireless internet in the room is slow!  When you login it tells you it is 1Mb per second.  Really?  Can't they at least do 10Mbs which is the slowest you can do at your own home these days?  And for this you pay $28 per day (resort fee is $25 + $3 tax..they don't tell you about the tax until you look at your bill).  The resort fee entitles you to a daily newspaper (but you have to go get it) and access to the workout room (I didn't try).. . Our king bed was soft and comfortable but my side of it was saggy.  I attribute it to guests sitting on it repeatedly in that spot because the control panel is on that nightstand and you have to sit to operate it.  Aria management should look into this phenomenon as a byproduct of the control panel (Note to management if you're reading: Room 19225).. . Lastly, we had two electrical problems in our room.  One was a burned out bulb, then the next morning we discovered that the bathroom duplex outlet and some of the lights didn't work.  We called downstairs and they quickly sent an electrician both times.  He apologized for the inconvenience (praise to him for speaking on behalf of the hotel) and fixed the problems in good time.  He said the lighted makeup mirror in the bathroom had malfunctioned and blew the electrical circuit.  He fixed the GFI outlet and replaced the lighted mirror.  Great and efficient service fixed the problem!. . Bottom Line: minor irritants but a fine hotel!
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Aria 2 consecutive weekends in a row! Omg I love this place! The housekeeping crew is amazing! The turndown service was great! I will definitely be staying at the Aria again in November! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because we waited way to long for the wait staff to come around and ask if we wanted drinks while we played roulette! We booked a special deal in which you get two buffets per day and when we checked out the charges had not been removed from my credit card, but they did the right thing by crediting my credit card once I brought it to their attention!!
Had a two night stay here a few months ago.  Check in was a breeze.  Had a regular room since it was a last minute thing for a few friends and me.  Just a standard two queens, with a fridge that's already stocked with the overpriced liquor, TV, iPod dock, etc.  Everything can be controlled by the master touch pad which is pretty neat.  It's all modernized here.  Really nice bathroom, it has one of those fogged glass doors when entering the toilet, I thought those were fun!  Beds are really comfortable, the best I've slept on in Vegas.  The hotel is really spread out so walking in this place can take some time, especially for the inebriated.  The pool party was real fun, small and crowded the day I went, if that's your thing.  $20 for guys, free for the ladies.  The pool party should have been called Haze as well because that's what I felt like the whole time I was there ;).  They let the liquor pour here!  However, I have yet to go to Haze :).  The regular pool area was very nice as well, but didn't spend too much time here.  Of all the times I've stayed and been here, I haven't eaten here, so can't comment on that.  . . Walking to the strip takes a little longer than expected so best to take a cab, unless you want to take a look around the Crystals shopping mall or go next door to Monte Carlo, or if walking is just your thing.  There's also a tram that'll take you to Monte Carlo and Bellagio, and like a few yelpers pointed out, walking to the tram and Monte Carlo is pretty much the same distance..? Ha!  Craps is fun here, though not as exciting as other places like Cosmo or Casino Royale, and they're usually at $10 minimums.  The sports book is a nice and decent size too and like any other place during football season - get there early!  I like Aria, its prices, its table games, its sports book, but the distance kind of deters me a bit from going back here at times while I'm walking.  I'd definitely stay here again because of its good prices and I want to check out the suites, but there are a few other same rate hotels with better pools, more exciting games, and easier access to other hotels/strip I can think of staying at instead.  - more like a 3.5
The casino is beautiful.  I was surprised on how unique the decor was.  The bright and colorful slot machines have sure changed over the years.  Our room was a great layout and nice.  However, the remote control failed to work and the TV wouldn't turn off preventing us from sleeping.  There is an in room touch pad which also controlled the tv so that was resolved.   The touch pad itself has poor sensitivity.  Some of the lighting flickered uncontrollably and wouldn't turn on/off.  We would hear load popping noises from outside our large window.  I imagined it was the expansion / contraction of the metal shading partitions that went off at various times.  Also, the building seems to have structural problems as many of the doors throughout the hallway were ajar not able to close all the way.  The staff were extremely professional and always greeted us as we passed.  The showerand bath were shared which was unusual.
I would stay here again. It's not perfect but I think we got good value for our money. To Brian F... I got cocktail service in the casino and I was with one other girl. I'm surprised that a guy wasn't getting served at the casino.. . The first thing I noticed was the cheesy butterfly decorations hanging from the ceiling and that, ugh you can smoke in public places in Nevada : ( All of that aside, we got an upgraded room on the 30th floor that was quite large. It was clean and modern and the bed and pillows were AMAZING.. . The casino was really nice, it's not as bustling as Caesar's or Bellagio, but that was fine. The patisserie near the elevators was a major guilty pleasure with the gelato (they do samples) and crepes. The restaurants are ok. The Aria Cafe was better than we expected as was American Fish, but BarMasa is an epic fail.. . The location is great, I don't think the tram is really value add because it goes from Bellagio to Aria and at times, I thought it would have been faster to take the Strip.
This casino stands out in the center of the strip w/ the fancy LV & Tiffany shops nearby. One of my favorite casinos to visit in vegas. The inside air is very clean, you won't feel like your eyes and lungs will dry out 'cause there isn't smoke inside. I love the smell of the Aria and have bought one of their scent sticks for home. Idk how to describe it, but it's a warm cinnamon vanilla scent I like it. I also like the Jean Phillippe Patisserie inside along w/ their buffet upstairs. The casino is pretty plain inside and seems to not be as crowded compared to the other casinos. It's more geared to the older calm crowds.
We've stayed at Wynn and Palazzo, regularly stay at Bellagio, and we knew this place was "ultra modern" but wow!  Had an Aria one bedroom Sky Suite which includes airport transportation to and from property and access to the private lounge (Bellagio's remains the best, offering wine and spirits to Aria's Wine).  . . Room was very well appointed, nice view (they call it City view, facing their pools) easy to get to and very easy to enjoy.  Mini fridge with ice maker was very nice touch, so too are the options on television, including many music channels. . . The Staff here is exceptionally attentive and courteous.  To say i would stay here again is almost a no-brainer.
Another fantastic stay here. This time we upgraded and stayed in a Tower Suite. Quickly noticed improvements from my last review. . . Towels have greatly improved. Soft and absorbent. Shampoo/Conditioner and Body wash also has changed. MUCH better. . . Everything i had issue with before has been fixed. Amazing!. . Tower Suite Pros: . Fully stocked mini bar in addition to an empty small fridge with ice maker. . Best lighting in the bathroom. Seriously. I have never taken so many selfies in my entire life as i did in our bathroom.. Spacious. . Beautiful.. . Cons: . I'm being nit picky here but man, the telephones are frigging loud. I thought the world was ending when we got a call. . The remotes. Everything is by remote control in these rooms. And at times it got wonky. My husband turned off the tv in the bathroom with the remote and for some reason the jets in the tub turned on. These are all super minor things probably not even worth mentioning.. . Aria is quickly becoming my favorite Hotel Casino.
The hotel rooms are very nice. The location of the hotel is central to the strip but the distance from hotel lobby to the sidewalk is very far and you can get sidetracked and confused with all of the other hotel architectures surrounding it. The staff is very friendly and they did a good job architecturally designing it but it just feels like a haul to get back to the room at the end of the night! Overall beautiful design.
This was my second time staying at Aria, the first coming shortly after it opened.  After the first stay, I would have given it a raving 5 star review, but I was not as impressed this time around.  Our front desk receptionist was very friendly, and I still think this casino does the best job of masking/eliminating the cigarette smoke.. . Our room was a little disappointing. The beds were still great, not quite the Venetian or Bellagio, but quite excellent in their own right.  Some of the tech that created such a wow factor when I stayed here in 2010 was not such a wow this time.  The room control pad was not sensitive to touch to the point that it was tough to use. The TV did not work. We weren't spending a whole lot of time in the room so that wasn't that big of a deal, but we left a note for housekeeping on the first night, and nothing was done.  The shower (and bathroom in general) were really cool, but the shower area reeked very strongly of bleach.  Overall, the room seemed to be showing some age. Not ideal for a property that I don't think is even 5 years old yet.. . My biggest complaint would probably have to be the business center. We only brought tablets and needed a desktop to access a program and print something.  The business center charges $1 per minute to use a computer. On a 4 year old desktop. With mediocre Internet. With a 15 minute/$15 minimum. Are you kidding me? How is that not included in the resort fee? I lamented to the girl manning the business center who was as nice as could be and seemed to agree with my frustration. She cut us a deal and only made us pay for the time we used (7 minutes that could have been 2 with a better computer/faster Internet), which was appreciated, but the whole thing still seemed kind of absurd.. . I do think I would rank the Aria Sports Book as my favorite in Vegas.  The seating is really comfortable and the tv screens are immaculate.  It is a little small so getting a seat means you have to get there early, but it is worth it.. . Also, the Aria has an ideal location near the middle of the Strip and provides a free tram to Bellagio when you need to go further north.  I was not blown away by Aria like I was a few years ago, but it is still an unquestionably above average Vegas property.
Got a comp'd corner suite here, so my friends and I decided to make a Vegas trip out of it. I would definitely come back here just to go back to that suite bathroom. I mean, the service was great and dealing with the front desk was much better here compared to many other Vegas hotels... but the suite bathroom was pretty legit.. . The suite was a fairly good size and had a separate living room, king size bedroom, one full bathroom + one half bathroom. The full bathroom was huge and included a standing shower, large isolated jacuzzi tub, long sink area, and a technologically advanced toilet (I was too scared to push those buttons..not sure what would have happened to me). . . Talking about technology, the whole suite was pretty much automated. There's a tablet that allows you to control the curtains/sheers, temperature, lights, and maybe even the toilet (seriously I have no clue what that toilet is capable of). It was awesome to have the curtains set to open at 10am to wake up everyone after a long night of Vegas antics. It's a corner suite, so the whole room is pretty much covered in windows.. . Would I come back and stay here again? Well, I did have really good luck at the blackjack tables here, so that's a plus. I don't think I'd stay at a regular room for the price, though. If I got another free corner suite? Ohhhh yeaaaaaa. Maybe I'll even pay for the suite too if I get it at a good rate. If I do, you can bet you'll find me lounging in the jacuzzi, champagne in one hand and that tablet in the other hand messing with the curtains (or maybe even the toilet - I really think it's possible ).
As one of the new places  in town it seems that everybody has a room booked. Compared to the Wynn is has not yet the exclusivety it should. Very nice rooms (we booked a corner suite) with almost everything you can expect. Almost kind of confusing with all the technical features. . . We had call to twice the Bell Desk to get our Luggage. Make sure you have all the stuff with you to get along quicky. It can take a while... . Overall the rooms are amazing and are worth to be patiened.
This rating is for the poker room at the Aria, one of the finest poker rooms in Vegas. There are plenty of tables and plenty of games, wait could be anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour depending on time of day and weekend. The players here are semi-pro, pro and few amateurs, 7/9 at the table are sharks, so this place could be challenging if you are novice.
This was first visit to Las Vegas in five years.  Just during up in cab to the location was pretty impressive.  The lobby was pretty amazing.  Incredible architecture.  The curtains in my room opened to a fantastic view of the property.  I loved my room.  It was nice have to finally have an excellent room after being stuck in business hotels for what has seemed like months.  The question is not if I will be back, but when...
Have stayed here twice, the hotel it self is super nice, good pool. Wife always finds machines to lose money at but that isn't their fault.
Dayummmmmm! Very Nice Hotel.  Even the cheap rooms are fancy.   Very Techy too.  The new smoke filters in the casino makes it very hard to smell smoke.  So Non-Smokers can breathe easy while pulling the one arm bandits.
I've stayed at a number of Las Vegas Hotels, and have never had a bed that was as comfy as the one at the Aria. It was glorious. . . We stayed here January 2013, and got a great deal on Priceline for $90/night weekend.  Here's what I thought:. - The rooms were really nice with lots of techy touches. Oh - and don't forget that unbelievably comfy bed.  . - Service is great, from allowing us to check in a little early to calling us by name when we phoned the concierge to easily storing our luggage when we were checking out. . - The location is ideal for exploring the rest of the strip.. - The architecture is amazing.. - The hotel is not so big that you spend 30 minutes just finding your room each time you want to go back.. - Restaurants, shops, and cafes are expensive. Plan to spend a premium on these things at the hotel, or walk elsewhere.. - Casino is not very big, and no one ever offered us a drink while we were playing on casino machines (did not play tables here).. . Overall, good experience here!
So, I've been MLifing it for a while now.  Having previously stayed at the MGM Grand, The Luxor, The Mirage and - now - the Aria.  It's kind of cool, all these hotels are at different price levels, different parts of the strip, etc.  . . My clear favorite is still the Mirage.  . . Aria is a beautiful hotel.  Rooms are modern and clean.  The staff were courteous and welcoming.  Concierge was extremely helpful.  Overall, what holds this hotel back is that it's a little tucked back from the strip.  The shortest way to come direct off strip walk was through Crystals and our friends had a difficult time driving in to pick us up when we did drive.  It got a little tiresome to do this.  Also, a little hike to the monorail.   Additionally, I find the Aria's coolness a little cold.  The promenade feels too large, with nothing filling it except marble, some fountains, etc.  A lot of expanse with not much going on.  . . The Buffet was a definite highlight.  A very good buffet here with crab legs, mussels, shrimp, ceviche, Asian / Indian / Mediterranean flair if you so choose.  Lots of different foods.  . . Here's where the Mirage wins, sheer size.  I'm not sure if the Mirage rooms are larger, but the basic suite felt much larger.  It felt at least a couple hundred feet larger.  The towels at the Aria are also pretty poor quality.  I'm not one to really harp on towels, but these were so rough, I wish I had brought my own.  . . In future visits, I'll go the Mirage before the Aria, hands down.  But compared to other hotels in Vegas, it is a decent choice.  Most people won't be let down here.  I just had higher expectations than the Mirage --- which did not come to fruition.
The Buffet is fantastic!
I love staying at Aria. We stayed here twice and both times we stayed in the corner suites. The suites are very nice. It has a separate living room, a bedroom, and a spacious bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub.. . FYI, if you're staying in the corner suite..you might want to CLOSE YOUR CURTAINS at night! The very first time we stayed here, I thought that the exterior were reflective mirrors and no one could see me when I took a bath or shower. WRONG! We stayed at Cosmopolitan last night and were standing on the terrace looking across from Aria. We saw people walking around their suites naked not knowing that onlookers can see them from Cosmo. So yeah, close your curtains or turn off the lights at night unless you want to give people a free peep show. Never leaving the curtains open again when I stay here. I don't want to give any perves a free show. Lol.. . Anywho, Aria has kept up with technology. It has a cool tablet where you can control your room with just a touch of a button. You can control your tv, lighting, temperature, curtains, wake up alarm, and ask for service. Pretty awesome if you ask me.
The hotel was amazing, as we entered the room the music turned on and the blinds were opening for us. Def a cool way to enter a room.  Thehotel has a tom of eateries and the crystal shops next to it were great. The one thing I didn't like was the addition of the resort fee which didn't even cover using a printer at the business center. I ended up having to run some errands and finding out it was a dollar a minute so I def had to work fast. Besides that hiccup the staff was nice, ambience was great and the zarkana show was filled with oohs and aahs. Def recommend this place.
When the hubs and I make our annual swag trip to Vegas every year we typically stay  at the Palazzo or The Wynn mainly because we want a "kid free" type of place to reconnect and chill.    We decided to try something new recently and stayed at The Aria.  First impression?  Beautiful lobby, modern, airy but MAN the check in took forever!    It's really frustrating when not all of the check-in kiosks are opened and there are lines of people waiting just like you but on a happy note they did let us check in a little early without a hassle so redeemed!!  Rooms are really cool, very modern feel as well.  Everything is very high tech whereas you can control almost everything from an electronic control panel.    Great view of the strip and the Cosmopolitan.  The walk to every place on the strip was really no big deal even in 4" heels!  A lot of fun places to dine, nice bar selections and restaurants as well.   Pools were crowded by 10am so get there early!  By our third day we found "the pool" where there weren't many kiddos so that was great too!  Will we return to The Aria? Perhaps in the future we will but next year it's back to Palazzo!!!
Stayed there or one night on a Saturday. Standard deluxe king room. Good price for a nice room.  Slippers and standard amenities. Shampoo,  and body wash. Great rain shower. Good pressure. High tech control for curtain, room lights, and TV. Love it. Love the bed. Good sleep. Floor to ceiling window with decent view. Decent price for a newer hotel compare to other high end hotels that offers the same or less. Great restaurants selection, and pastry places that open late. Convenient located near high end shops and some restaurants at Crystal court that open late. Coke and M&M stores are nearby across the street.  Also, I has a cirque de solei show, Zakanas.  Arias also has a great spa. My wife and I had used it on a different visit. Picked this hotel, because of  the contemporary decor, shows entertainment, location, and cheaper than the Wynn and the Mandarin. I checked out the Wynn and the Mandarin before booking the Arias. I selected Arias because of the specific activity that I wanted to do. Bonus was the cost. If you like contemporary, then check out Mandarin and Arias. Wynn costs more, but I would have paid less than Arias bc of the gift card that I have. Personal preference, I like Arias decor better.  I would stay at Mandarin orient if I want a quiet retreat and personal services, and no smoking.  I had gone there for drinks and dinner, and love the service there. Arias is somewhat crowded on the weekends, and signs were not easily post in locations where guests can find directions. I had to stop and asked for directions to the tour lobby. There were no signs at the concierge next to check in areas where I picked up my show tickets. I had no ideas that I can pick up my tickets there. Thank God, there were a hotel staff standing nearby that directed me to that desk.  Overall, it was a nice stay and would stay there again. Parking tips. Park at the crystal court valet if there are long line at Arias valet.
My husband and I travel to Las Vegas about 4 times a year from Seattle.  Easy flights, lots of choices. . We love to stay at the Encore and or The Wynn.  Those hotels are the top of the top for sure. . We like to play Pai Gow but the Encore only has ONE Pai Gow table and its frustrating because you cannot always get a seat. . We happened upon the Aria casino last time we were in Vegas.  They have an entire Pit of Pai Gow tables. . This time we decided to stay at the Aria hotel.   Here are my pros and cons on this particular property. . Because Its new, the casino is clean and you cannot smell the smoke at all!   The ventilation system is amazing!  There are LOTS of tables and slot machines to choose from. . The Dealers are nice and very fun to play with.. There are a lot of different restaurants and cafe's in this hotel.  You can get just about anything. . They have a new "players" card system that gives you points on EVERYTHING!  So be sure to give it to the dealers, use it in the slot machines and show it to every restaurant and shop you go too, so that the points will add up. And as the points add up you can even use them for shopping in the high end shops.   As your points add up you will get a different colored card to show that you are basically a High roller, VIP, etc.  . You can use those points for the room, food anything. . The rooms were nice, a bit smaller than we are used too from Palazzo and Encore but still nice.  And the BED OH MY!  It was so wonderful! . We had a great view of the strip and it was fun to just sit and watch the lights at nite while having a late nite cocktail. . This hotel is pretty much in the heart of the strip, so you can get to any other hotel, show, restaurant, shopping, etc. easily. . There is a tram that will take you back and forth to Bellagio if you want and to the shopping complex. . They shopping there is called "Crystals" and it is only high end, Prada, Gucci, etc. . The rooms were a reasonable rate and the casino was hopping ALL the time.  Fun!  . . A few things that were cons... they do not give you enough or the proper linens.  Not enough towels, not a mat for the floor outside the shower.. I thought that was odd. . They do not replace the toilet paper, you have to ask for that, or at least we did. . They do not have a tea or coffee service in the room so that you can make yourself a cup of tea before you leave the room or while you are getting ready. . The room is small, not a lot of room to walk around or even have friends up to the room if you wanted.  . Because we are used to staying at the other end of the strip that is quieter, I found this hotel to be really noisy both inside and out. . . BUT all in all, we had a goof time.   We will be staying here again for sure. . . Now go have fun!! . Next time we will def. upgrade to a suite.
The main reason I knocked off one star was the everything remote. You can see the icons on the touch screen but can't read the words. I loved the electric curtains, hated trying to figure out the lights. The shower was low flow, but the tub was large and very hot water. No in room safe, but enough towels that I didn't need room service and staff checked for room keys at the elevators. The bed was way too soft for me but still woke up without a back ache. Drinks in mini bar were not cold. Never let a girl know there is one in the room. In room WiFi was good and included with the resort fee. I could not hear neighbors or traffic. City view was beautiful. Excellent location on the strip. Friendly staff on check-in and out. I was able to buy down my rate with M-Life.
Stayed for the second time this past week Monday-Friday. The rooms cool down very well and the noise level is minimal even on the 15th floor (I didn't hear the night clubs, next door neighbors). Thursday the room was not serviced by housekeeping. Left the room at 11:30am and was met by housekeeping and the floor manager outside our room while they were servicing the room across from mine. They said HELLO, and were always very friendly when in contact in the hallway. The "service room" light was "on" but the room was never cleaned. WHen I called they brought up clean towels and apologized. Front desk gentleman wasn't as friendly as I would have expected. I asked for the room I had last time since since I liked it so much and the reply was "can't do it". Could have been a little more polite.. Housekeeping was knocking at the door one hour before check-out even tho the "do not disturb" light was on. I answered the door in my shorts and was met with "oh, you're still here?" I said "Yes, I have not checked out yet since it's in 1 hour" and she walked off.. Also went to the spa, but wasn't worth the $30.. Beds are very comfortable and enjoyed my stay.
Stayed at the hotel here and had a very good experience. The room had a lovely view (19th floor) and we loved the wide open, floor-to-ceiling-wall-to-wall window accented by wrapping around one of the corners. The decor is tasteful, elegant and modern - as is the lighting. The pillow top beds are heavenly soft and comfy, and whoever thought of putting a large tub within the shower deserves an award. The hyper-modern light-blinds-appliance switches are another story and seem to prioritize flashiness over function. A late check-out of just noon was a bit of let-down and having to traverse the entire Casino on the way from the hotel to the self-parking area is inconvenient to say the least (some of us prefer not to use a valet because we take several car trips a day). There was also a candy wrapper left in one of the drawers of the nightstands that housekeeping missed from the guests before us. From our perspective as a couple who just like to relax when we're in town, we would recommend the Vdara across the way more (although a 4 diamond hotel, not 5 diamond technically).
My husband and I stayed here for 3 days for our mini getaway vacation; front desk people were very friendly and efficient. . . We got a king size bed room with a large window that we can easily view the city; bed was very comfy as well. They do provide everything you'll need, from soap to body and hair wash (although I always just bring my own). I also like how I can use the control by the bathroom to open and close the window sheet, as well as the lights in the room; that makes it very convenience. . . When we got the room the first day, we didn't bother to touch the fridge because we weren't planning on using it; the second day, we wanted to store some drinks in the fridge, and when we opened it, there was an opened box of mango and two empty spots. My husband immediately called the front desk, they said they'd charged us $50ish for two empty spots, we were shocked and told them what happened and we did not take anything from the fridge. They then removed the charges and also sent someone to refill everything to make sure the system won't accidentally detect and charge us again.. . Overall, we were very pleased with the stay and will consider staying here again when we visit next time.
The rooms are beautiful, the room service is on par, the pools are heated, there are two hot tubs (not huge, but they're good enough) and my room came with a shower AND a bath tub. Can't get much better than that. Oh, and you get basic cable to waste away in your room if you'd like.. . Minus one star for: too soft of a bed (my back hurt) and the curtains doing just an okay job of keeping the room dark when the sun came out. Would have been great to have a black out effect. . . Still, I would recommend this hotel for sure.
We got married at the Chapel in Aria just this past weekend. I had to write a review because it was a wonderful experience and I find reviews helpful. The chapel is beautiful, very modern and vibrant. The groom/bridal rooms are very elegant. The staff was amazing especially Marissa who was very at tentative and friendly. She responded to everything right away, she was very honest about what was covered, and delivered just that! We dinned at Julian Serrano's, although they don't have a private room they did put two large tables together in the back of the restaurant to accommodate all 30 of us just fine. The food is EXCELLENT. The Tapas style dinner for large parties was a perfect amount of food. This wedding over all was affordable with out lacking the luxury and elegance. Totally stress-free and worth it. All our friends are still ranting and raving about it.
My favorite place to stay in Vegas. It's less frenetic that other hotels, somehow, it has a distinctive smell that I love, and they do a great job with the air filtration--it never seems smokey. The rooms are beautiful. . . They have consistently great service. They've stopped doing turndown service, but you can still request it and get those tasty chocolates. . . Convenient location and plenty of really good dining options, and you're next door to the Cosmopolitan, which has even more. . . The pools are not exciting, but are fine. . . If you're looking for nightlife, head somewhere else--Haze is pretty boring.
Aria is one of the new, modern hotels in Vegas. We booked 2 connecting double queen rooms few weeks ago to share with the cousins. The rooms here are relatively smaller than double queen in Palazzo and more expensive. But the rooms we had were nice, modern and new. They put a lot of towels for us which I really like. Their shampoo, conditioner and lotion were not those cheap ones, and the containers were very cute looking. :-) Also, the rooms were kinda "high-tech". We just needed to press buttons for lights, blinders, drapes/curtains. Very cool. . . By the way, I love the hotel lobby. It was decorated with beautiful fresh flowers. Every counter has a fancy, beautiful vase of fresh flowers. The receptionists were very nice and helpful. . . The casino is smaller than other hotels but it's fine with me. Their shopping is very spacious. Sometimes I feel like they have too much open space.. such a waste.. . All and all.. I really like Aria. Oh, and by the way, it's right in city center. Perfect!
Stunning hotel that is centrally located in the heart of the Vegas strip. Check-In was a breeze and the guy checking me in took the time to make sure I was informed of all that the hotel had to offer. After a stop at the concierge to make dinner reservations, I headed up to my room. Now, let me say that the hallways are lovely...modern, dark, mysterious, but MY GOD, I think there is only one bank of elevators and the walk to your room could potentially be a LONG one (as mine was). You're walking and walking and walking along a curved hallway that at times branches off in one direction or another. It took me a good while to figure out and get to my room. That being said, once I unlocked my door and stepped inside, I was very pleasantly surprised. The curtains (that had been drawn) automatically opened, revealing a floor-to-ceiling window with a pretty decent view of the Cosmopolitan hotel & rooftop, some of the strip to the right and a mountain view to the left.  The bed was comfortable and the room tastefully decorated. The bathroom was nice but I love to take a bubble bath and the bath was enclosed in the shower stall. Very roomy but it felt weird. And no TV in the bathroom either (not a big deal, but something I've come to expect in hotels nowadays). The double sinks are nice (if you are rooming with someone) but as a single, I found that there was not enough counter room for all my stuff. All in all, nice room with a view, friendly & helpful employees, great restaurant choices, free wi-fi and I even won 20 bucks in 5 minutes at the penny slots-- woot! A few days after my return, I was sent an email with a discounted offer to return, which I definitely would love to. Thanks, Aria!
This review is for how those of us mere mortals do it.  Which means, no twenty dollar tricks, no upgrades, no casino comps...just flat-out booking it myself, albeit through Priceline.  I do love a deal, and I did indeed get a good one.  Won this 5-star for just $85 per night for two nights.  That was just ten dollars a night more than I paid for a 3-star in Boise the night before. Just sayin'.. .    LOVES:  Location!  Center strip, convenient  tram to Monte Carlo and Bellagio.  Love being in the shiny new City Center.. .    Loved the room!  Having booked via a pre-paid site, I didn't expect suite miracles or incredible views.  What we got was a great 5-star quality 4th floor room.  It was clean and comfy and just plain nice-as-heck.  Certainly nicer than where we live, so we're all about appreciating it!. .   QUIET...never heard neighbors...then again, maybe they were all on the higher floors with posh views and suites.  Who knows? We were quite happy with our mere mortal room.  Rest assured that if you are of the higher mortal category,  they offer different elevator bays for those staying on differing floors.  You will be whisked up quickly to your appropriate level.  We were a-ok with ours.. .   Here are my reasons for not giving Aria 5-stars...when we checked in we were proudly told about the "free internet"...We were told how easy it was to access it.  What we weren't told was that they charge a $28 a day resort fee.  I am certainly not a resort-fee virgin, but I have never encountered one before that was more than $15 per day.  Usually the purpose of the fee is to cover internet.  Well, for that kind of money, I would expect it to work like a charm and it did not.  That being said, we weren't exactly hanging around the room bemoaning our lack of internet access.  Of course we were out and about...but it's kinda the principle of the thing, ya know? How about just charging $28 more per night up front?  . .   That and I'm not a fan of the casino.  Blackjack...not Bellagio level.  Plus this is the only casino we've EVER been in where a slot machine jammed.  Husband was playing and it totally stuck.  It took forever before we could find help to get it unstuck.  Here we were at 4:00 or so on a Monday afternoon and the guy who helped us indicated that the machine was "full".  That they cleared it out in the middle of the night.  Well, by golly that is one machine you don't want to play if it never gives up anything, huh?. .    One last minor reason for less than five stars was checking out.  We couldn't get it to work on our tv.  Luckily they weren't too busy at the front desk, but the gal we had checking us out was not very friendly. Left a last not-so-great goodbye.. .    All-in-all however, we would go back in a heartbeat.  Where else in this country (world) can you stay in a hotel of this caliber for this kind of money?  sigh, love Vegas!
Disclaimer: Didn't stay/ didn't gamble but..... loved this place. I love the decor and fresh flowers and open non smokey spaciousness of it. The staff was very friendly and I will definitely return here to hang out and perhaps spend a  night or two. The location is only perfect and the variety of restaurants and loungesfit every taste. I think this place is well done and I feel hip being there.
Just got back from a 3 night stay for my 60th birthday. We loved this resort!  We have stayed at many other properties on the Strip over the years (Mirage, MGM, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Bally's) and I have to say this is our new favorite place to stay. We booked a strip view room and we were not disappointed..  The room was beautiful, and the high tech conveniences like the touch pad and "good night" buttons by the bed were really cool. The casino had tons of our favorite slots and the staff is friendly.    We spent a fair amount of money gambling, but also won a nice jackpot at MGM so we broke even.  When we went to the MLife Desk we were delighted to find out they comped our entire stay!  Hot tip... if you are on Facebook, use the game app "My Vegas".  We got free passes to the breakfast buffet here as well as a free (and one discounted) ticketto see Ka from the points we earned.. . We will definitely stay here again :)
I went here for a convention, and it was the easiest casino to navigate my way through.  I didn't have to travel far, either, and the smoke wasn't bad either.  Well ventilated when travelling through the casino floor to go elsewhere is always a plus for me.  The convention hall was simple enough to navigate, though I Did get a little turned around when I went to leave.  Easy to find your way in, not your way back. But overall, good experience, and the decor wasn't overwhelmingly gaudy.
As a Mlife member, I can sometimes get great deals here. So sign up now! I love the Aria and feel like its the new modern Vegas. Don't get me wrong I still love the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace.. . Check in: Bellhop got our bags and number right away. Yes the check in was a bit long but someone went and got me a drink so I was set. . . Security: They are strict about having your key card to go up which I appreciate. . . Restaurants: I can't name all the restaurants we went to but from breakfast to late night, we thought the food was great.. . Rooms: The rooms weren't especially large but it was very modern with all the fancy tech stuff. The Aria's beds are probably the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in at a hotel. Hands down I would buy it for myself.. . Casino: Lots of tables and ranges in minimum bets so you don't feel like you have to spend tons to gamble. The dealers are all great. I don't use the machines so I can't comment on that. . . Check out: Express Check out in the room. Done and Done.
Visited 12/14-12/15/13..No problem checking in, room was clean, bed was comfy. Concierge was helpful. I like the hotel, there's Javier's, Haze, Jean-Philippe Patisserie & Zarkana.
One of the nicest casino in Vegas.  The casino is not the largest but still pretty big.  It is elegant as you would expect from an elite casino.  The rooms are among the coolest on the strip.  You need a Masters to figure out how to use the remote control that fully automates everything in the room.  Many good restaurants are in this casino as well but not necessarily places I would return.  The pool is large and elegant.  A tram/walkway connects you to the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio.  The shops are high end at Crystals attached to the casino with stores that you cannot afford anything in them, but fun to walk around.  Go through the mall and walk into either the Cosmopolitan or Planet Hollywood.  Even though it is nearby all these places, it seems isolated due to the fact that walking distances to all these places are a hike.  My only gripes are that the M LIfe Reward program earns you nothing, I always seem to lose in this casino and the table games are high.  But if you want to go into a First Class joint, then this is the place to come.
One of the more nicer hotels on the strip that I've stayedat. Always enjoyed myself when I stayed here. Friendly staff and great service. Depending on your plans, can be a walk to get to the heart of the strip, unless you plan on staying in that area and just go to planet hollywood for more food options or Cosmo for Marquee night club. The rooms are nice and spacious and very modern and updated. The casino minimum is a bit on the higher end, but it is a classier place.
I stayed at the Aria on 12/21/13 and it was great. I've always enjoyed the Aria casino; i thought it smells nice and it's always very clean. . . Checking in was a good experience, the staff was friendly and welcoming. . . When I walked into the room, it was very spacious. I don't know why people told me that it's small; i don't think it is. Sure it's not as big as Palazzo / Venetian, but compared to Mirage, MGM, etc (the lower grade hotels) it is pretty darn spacious. . . we got a king size bed -- the bed is SUPER comfortable. I think it's one of the most comfortable beds I've slept on. I think it's even more comfortable than Encore's!  . . I love the bathroom: two sinks, a separate toilet with frosted glass; the tub and shower were in the same section, but separate. The tub is huge -- definitely go enjoy a bubble bath.. . One thing I didn't like about the room is the fancy touch screen control that controls the tv, lights and curtains. Some of the bottom buttons on the device was not label, so as i was pressing them i was turning off lights in the bathroom while my husband was in there. hahaha. . . the overall stay was great -- definitely recommend. It may not be in the heart of the strip, but there is a tram that will take you to bellagio and from there you're at the center of the strip. I would say Aria is pretty convenient to get to different hotels.
Always a pleasant experience being at Aria. It's been less than 2 years since I stayed here and they did a great job maintaining the place even improving some areas. I come back because of great customer service and astonishing interior and architecture.
Stayed for 1 night. The check-in line was very long, waited for 30-40 minutes. The room was awesome, we paid for 2 queens with a street view on the 20th floor. The buffet brunch is around 30$, dinner is 40$, so we ended up going to McDonalds, that is right across the street, where we paid 30$ for 5 meals :). The casino and bar are clean, nice, a bit crowded. The bar server was very nice and the service was fast. :) They have Starbucks on the second floor, and a few coffee places downstairs. . . To our surprise, when we were checking out, we were charged  almost 50$ for some refreshments that we never had. But took a phone call to resolve the issue (gonna check my credit card in a few days just to be sure they took the charges off). So make sure you are not charged for anything extra. I provided my @ address to check out, so they sent me an @ in the morning with the bill to review. So far, the experience is great! Looking forward to stop here again sometimes in the future. . . The only concern throughout the whole trip: looks like Las Vegas is turning into Beijing. 75% of all people there - are Chinese?!?! My family is multiracial and we have no racial issues with anyone, but we were surprised to see so many Chinese faces around. Even the check-in line in Aria had at least 70% Chinese guests.
My next trip to Vegas will include another stay at Aria. During our recent trip we decided to venture beyond Flamingo and stay at a nicer resort for a couple of nights.  Boy was I glad we did, I'm not sure I will ever stay anywhere else (unless they pay me to).  . . Aria's service is top notch.  You are greeted upon checking in, staff is there to ensure check in/out is quick, efficient and all your questions are answered to your satisfaction.  The casino is nice, a bit dark, but quite nice.  Not as smokey as other casinos -most likely better filters.  Great restaurants and shops around as well!. . The room - oh the room! Upon entering the shades automatically are drawn open to reveal a view of the majestic strip. Flashing lights, tall buildings.... heaven!. . Lights, tv, curtains - everything is controlled by a computerized control panel next to the bed.  Pretty high tech if you ask me.  Bed is one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on!  Room is spacious and has everything you would need.  The bathroom made me envious of the one I have at home!!. . We really enjoyed our 2 night stay at Aria and will certainly stay here again!
