we timed it pretty poorly, but needed some chicken and waffles and headed to lo-lo's around lunchtime on sunday! bad idea. . . waited almost 2 hours to take my first bite. but aside from that, it was great.
Very tasty chicken and waffles. Make sure to go when they are busy so you get hot and freshly fried chicken.. . Their portions are huge! The first time I went I ordered the KK's, and it was way more than I could handle. The second time around I got the Lo-Lo's and still was barely able to finish it.. . All the drinks are served in mason jars.. . The staff were all very courteous and friendly, I felt very welcomed.
Hello Lo-Lo!  Oddly off the Main street but that's cool.  . . Our server was cute, attentive, and welcoming.  They were playing gospel music in the background.. . It's all about the food baby!  It's simple down home fare and they do it well.  If you're looking for something different and you're near the airport.  Try it.
What better way to recover from a marathon than with killer carbs, grease, and an insanely high caloric intake!. . KKs: 3 pieces of fried chicken (southern style that is), 2 waffles, (think flat but plae sized) a bowl of grits (heaping with butter) and a pair of eggs (mine scrambled) with cheese & onions.. . Now add in the "Sock it to me cake" which was the dessert of the day and you have full entry into 'the itis!"   All I wanted to do after that was curl up in a ball and sleep!. . You can't go to Lo-Los's everyday, wel you could but. . . . But for a once a quarter binge it rocks!
Soul food in the desert!!!   I've only been to the Scottsdale location, so it's a bit too "clean" for my taste, but the food is a real treat.  Good break from the usual Mexican, chinese, pizza, etc.. . Fried chicken with Gravy and Onions is my favorite.  Chicken loses some of its crispiness smothered in gravy, but that's a worthwhile trade off.  Sides are either really good or mediocre.  Avoid mac and cheese.  Very disappointing.  Red beans and rice are excellent. Collared greens are the best by far.  Spicy and hearty.  I'm not a big fan of grits, but they were creamy.  Service was a bit slow.  If you're planning on going during spring training, be weary of going after a Giants game as Lolo's is right down the street from the stadium and once the game's over, it gets really crowded and the service slows down more than usual.. . Kool-Aid served in jugs?  Does it get any better than that?  I think not!. . Red velvet cake is really moist and worth the trip by itself (slight exaggeration).. . Price is a bit high, but portions are good and I didn't feel ripped off by any means.. . Fun place and comfortable for the kids.
A little bit difficult to find and an off beat menu pairing but it was good. (Note:  despite the Yelp map showing it on the E side of Central, Lo-Lo's is actually West of Central two doors on the North side of Yuma).  The sign is small so keep your eyes open.. . Walk in and the waiting area has several nice pieces of art displayed as well as a book section where you can enjoy a quick read in kind of a coffee house atmosphere.  If you have time.  The guy and the girl who were working staff were quick, polite, helpful and cheery.  We were seated right away.  Service was prompt and lightening fast, but I went before the noon rush with only 4 other parties when we arrived and 3 more that came along after us.  So I imagine it changes, YMMV. . I had the Lil' Amadi combo opting for two thighs and a waffle plus a large Sweet Tea.  Chicken was great, flavorful and juicy but not too salty and the waffles crispy and tasty - cooked just right.  The Massive Kern mason jar of sweet tea was never empty thanks to prompt staff workers.  . Total of mine came in at $10.38, then I tipped 20%.  Fair fare price - LOL!  . Photos attached. . . YELPERS: This Place is another one of the gems I might never have found without browsing the selections on Yelp.  . . Thanx Yelp for keeping it fresh.
I visited Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles for the 1st time this past weekend. Thankfully I was meeting a few locals that knew to call in ahead to make a reservation, otherwise we would have had to wait a long while for a table. Though the restaurant is quite small, rather a "whole-in-the-wall" type of joint, I have to say the service was pretty excellent. The food servers were quick and to the point, no wasting time kind of service. I was in a party of 20 and our food orders came out within a few minutes and they are generous with their portions. I personally ordered the "Tre-Tre" (2 drumsticks and 1 waffle) and added a side order of 2 eggs scrambled and a side order of corn bread. The menu prices are inexpensive too! Major Plus! Just be sure to bring cash if you are in a large party because they will only be able to split the bill into 2 seperate checks.
Man, Lolo's makes some great food. I zealously ordered way too much (and ate every bite). I had the #10 - the Tre Tre - two legs and a waffle, with a side of smothered potatoes. When I asked what the potatoes were smothered with I got quite a look from the waiter. ("What a white girl," he probably thought.). . I got over my original white-girl fear and smeared plenty of hot sauce on my chicken then dipped that goodness into the syrup and wrapped it all in a bit of waffle. Oh yeah, it hit the spot!. . My friends all had similar items, but different sides. The collards are true southern greens, the fried okra is perfect and the beans on rice has great flavor. This is the mother of all weekend breakfast/brunch meals. Delight in its glory!
Oh.my.gosh.  I LOVE this place!  We read about Lolo's in a magazine and stopped by on our way out of town.  I'm so glad we did!  Their chicken was some of the best I've had anywhere--way better than Roscoe's!    The waffles have a great flavor and were crisp.  I love the collard greens, too.  It's definitely worth the trip and the wait!  I can't wait for a return trip to Phoenix to try more sides and get more of those chicken and waffles!
This was the first time I visited Lo-Lo's and compared to Roscoe in Long Beach, the chicken and waffles were alot tastier.  The fried chicken was moist and not gresy.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The collard greens were also delicious.
My Cousin swore I would love it. He is full of Sh*t most of the time, so I checked it out. Damn you! You were right - I love this place! . . Got there before the lunch crowd and found seating easily. Started with the sweet tea (Dayum it is good!). Was in Jacksonville not too long ago at a BBQ place and I thought their sweet tea was good, no way - LoLo's has it dialed in! . . Had the LoLo's plate - A (2) waffle, 3 piece of chicken, then I added a side of Grits. Grits came with a square of butter melting on top. I thought it made it sweeter. I thought the grits were a little overcooked, but the butter made them really good! Was able to sample the cornbread... WOW!. . The Chicken. Probably the best fried chicken I have ever had in my life! The Waffles - a light sweetness in the batter with a toasty taste. Did I die?. Needless to say, I finished half the waffles, 2 pieces of chicken and the grits and I am good for 24 hours! Satisfaction has been reached! I gotta try the koolaid and the mac and cheese next time. I will be back.
THIS PLACE IS small. REALLY REALLY small.  Good thing theyr'e planning to build a new one.. . I got take out and drove 20 minutes back to work.  Not Good.  My stomach was growling at me - loud enough I could focus on nothing else.  They gave me melted butter, hot sauce & syrup with my chicken & waffle.  I'm so full right now.  Fat & Happy.  Very very happy.
My P.I.C. has decided to only eat: teriyaki flavored jerkey, hot cheetos, jack in the box chicken sandwiches, and nestle ice cream cones for the rest of her pregnancy so I did not get the culinary experience I was looking forward to this trip to AZ. But we did eat here.. . And the food was really good. If I didnt know any better I would say there's nothing different between roscoes chicken and Lo Lo's or the waffle which is a good thing to me. I suggest not ordering the "breakfast potatoes' they were frozen potatoes that had been deep fried with sauteed peppers and onion thrown on top they look a lot better then they actually were. This place has one up on Roscoe's by giving unlimited refills on the kool aid. They had purple (grape), red (fruit punch), and lemonade. And they serve it in large cups like the ones you get at lucilles Bbq. . . This will become the "usual" the more I go to AZ.
Definitely going to make this a normal visit instead of waiting 3 years to try it.  Kool Aid in a Mason Jar was all I needed to see to know this was not going to be a typical dining experience and something to remember.  Food was amazing, the staff was friendly and the prices for the portions were more than fair.  Only the off beat location prevents me from making this a 5 star review.
first time going to LoLo's.  will definitely be going back.  since we'd never been there before, spoke with patron at table next to us, explaining it was our first visit, and asked what he would suggest we order.  since there were two of us, he suggested ordering the #3and then getting a couple of side items.  we did order the #3 to split and then ordered mac & cheese, smothered potatoes and grits.  great way to sample a few of their offerings.  left definitely feeling satisfied.  thank you kind sir for your suggestion.
I was craving some really good fried chicken so I found Lo-Lo's on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  My daughter and I shared the Soul Food Platter (3 pcs of chicken) with a Waffle & Buttered Corn.  My husband had the Toy-Toy (2 wings & a waffle).. . They brought out our drinks in the traditional mason jar-looking glasses.  And when our food came, I instantly smelled the intoxicating combination of fried goodness and sweet waffles.  The chicken was moist and crispy.  Not too salty.  The waffle had a great chewiness to it.  The buttered corn was, well, buttery and cooked well - soft with just enough bite.. . I do have to say that I was disappointed in the Sockittome cake.  It was moist but wasn't very flavorful.. . The place is super small so it wouldn't be a great idea to go with a large group.. . Other than that...the food was pretty good.  Not THE best fried chicken I've ever had, but still very tasty.
Umm.. Waffles ! . . Ok, I love Chicken & Waffles. I travel all the way to the "hood" for my fix. I wait an average of 20 mins for a table.. Because I usurally want LoLos on a weekend & its always busy when I go. I have no complants really in the food department. BUT I do not like the cornbread. It's just off. I do however think that the Scottsdale location is better, maybe because of the location they need to stay on their game.. maybe because the cliental is a bit different and won't come back for a second round if the food isnt exact.. ( you get my drift ) but Usurally the chicken is great , Mac is creamy, and I can expect what I am paying for.. . . But a side bar. - On my recent visit to LoLos ( downtown ) they had a large sign of the new building they are putting in place of the old one.. BUT WHY where they taking donations for it ? Why are they asking the public to donate so THEY can build a new place ? I hate to be the one to say this.. ( AND YES I AM AFRICAN AMERICAN ) But black people ! We must do better. I would never walk into Houstons or Durants and see a Big box for donations so they could build a new location... I never see them doing any charity or giving back.. And hell They just raised the prices on the menu when they built the new place.. So what gives... . . Anyhow.. LoLos.. Great food. .. Don't sleep on the waffle :)
Smothered Chicken is the bomb.  Reminded me of my Grandmothers.  Will be back soon
I have been here before and I usually get the chicken and waffles and they are good. Today is the first time I decided to get something different the soulfood platter. 3 pieces of fried chicken 2 sides and corn bread I got mac n cheese and green beans. They were delicious the green beans had lots of flavor and a little heat and the mac n cheese very creamy.
For some I assume this would be a grand experience. My guess is that it would be for the same people who would label this as a "Soul Food" restaurant. In my home however, it is simply food. Regular old, Sunday night  food. Good food: absolutely. Exceptional food: nah. . . Maybe this is because  the mac and cheese and fried chicken taste exactly the same as what I place on my table for family get-togethers. However, if it is food that you do not know how to cook on your own I would suspect that you'd find it delightful. . . Pros: mac & cheese and fried chicken are very good. Homefries are to die for. Good service and drinks are served in jars (gotta love that).. . Cons: You have to wait in the blistering heat to be seated, the place is extremely small and don't be fooled by the Famous red velvet cake. It taste like red cornbread with icing and walnuts. Very good icing and walnuts but all the same just a spiced up cornbread.. . Overall: Good experience. Good food and yes if I head out of Cali to Phoenix again I will go back.
Who knew that Chicken and Waffles would be so good together? Sure didn't, yet am so glad I tried it out. Wow that's good. Yeah it sounds odd, but the flavors are beautiful. Very pleased with this lunch!
This is about the 7th place around the country that I've had Chicken & Waffles. Very authentic, the atmosphere is what it should be.. Service- outstanding, very helpful and friendly- 4stars. Drinks- big cool bottles- 4 stars. Collard Greens - spicy, tasty, make your momma proud and eat some- 5 stars. Mac N cheese - not that great, I mean it's better than the out of the box stuff, but after reading the reviews I expected more of the gourmet style. - 3 stars. Red Velvet cake- a bit dry and bland- 3 stars. . Will I return next time I'm in the area- sure thing
Sweet tea was delicious.  Fried Chicken was OK.. . The waffles here are so LEGIT!... barely had to use any syrup as the waffles were so tasty with just the butter and the waffle itself.  The waffles were just milky goodness and it was a sad times when I finished them off.  I kept thinking about the waffles for the rest of my entire trip to PHX. . . 4/5 :)
I'm in Phoenix for work right now and of course, I looked to Yelp for a good place to eat. Once again, I was not let down. The food was good, but more importantly, the staff was very polite, friendly and attentive. More restaurants need to take notes from Lo-Lo's customer service. I was greeted by three different people upon walking in. I feel like a lot of places lack that friendliness nowadays. Sometimes I feel lucky if someone even acknowledges my presence when I go out to eat.. . As for the food, I ordered #10, side of mac & cheese and cornbread. I think I fell in love most with the chicken and corn bread. Also, the sweet tea is on point!. . As I was shoveling food into my mouth, the owner or perhaps manager, comes up to me and asked "you're eating alone?" All I could do was giggle considering my mouth was full of fried chicken and mac & cheese. Sir, if I could've spoken at the time, I would've let you know that I would gladly sit alone, look like a loner and eat at your establishment because it's delicious.
During a recent road trip, a chef friend sent me a link to www.roadfood.com so I could try some interesting eateries along the drive from Green Valley to Goodyear. The site suggested Lo-Lo's, and Yelpers agreed. We didn't have to make a major detour off the freeway.. . We parked on the street and entered a modest restaurant with bars on the window. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=KUUUNkwR7yzcX2o38AYTQQ No biggie. We received a warm welcome and got friendly service.. . We ordered:. . * 2 waffles with 3 pieces of chicken - I liked the waffles a lot. I still am not sure I "get" chicken with waffles, but I'm testing it out. I liked the chicken, but wasn't completely blown away by it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=3fY_2vL-zR4xXiKuhDjRgA. * 1 plain waffle for our 5-year-old - Thumbs up from the kid.. * Grits - Lumpy and plain, but still nice in a simple carb sort of way. As a California girl, I know almost nothing about grits.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=UP5-xhOoSN3C3JLURcrXJA. * Chili and corn muffin - The chili was made with beans and beef, and was delicious. The corn muffin seemed pretty dry - waffles are way better here. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=PojMqwuCAdilemZILlH1AA. * Mac n' cheese - Creamy and satisfying. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=apV6OcH9iItBhrm8An33nw. * Collard greens - Spicy, the flavor seemed a bit muddled, but it was a-okay. . * Red velvet cake - This was one of the best RV cakes I've tried. Incredibly moist (how did they do it?), very sweet, with fresh pecans on the frosting. I recommend ordering a slice to go, since you'll likely be to fullto enjoy it after eating all this heavy food. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=l12Isv2RMc5q0LRuYmD4wA. . I was glad to have found this special soul food restaurant. We left feeling totally stuffed and very impressed.
I dined at Lo-Lo's for the 1st time this past Sunday. I called ahead after leaving church to make reservations for a party of 5. I was told our wait would be 20 mins. By the time our party was there & spoke to the girl at the podium. We were told that the person that answered the phone NEVER relayed the message to the person who actually keeps the list & gets the guests seated. Needless to say we waited about 45 mins & watched as several other groups of people who also called ahead were forced to wait among those walking up. Although we didn't mind the waiting; it was a lil discomforting to have that happen. Once we did get inside service was prompt & our order taken immediately. One of our guests did have issues with his order. Apparently he always orders an omelettes & we were told that the person who usually does omelettes was not there so he could not get it. He ordered something else & again it was a no-go. That sucked quite a bit but all in all the experience was fun & I definitely wouldn't mind going again.
I visited this location a few months ago for the first time, and returned for my second visit the very next day. . I got their standard chicken and waffle plate on my first visit, and just chicken and macaroni the next day.. Both visits were pleasant and the food was delicious.. My only criticism is that the waffles I got were a bit on the thin side. I've had chicken and waffles from many different soul food places all over the US and in comparison LoLo's waffles were just okay. The chicken on the other hand was A+. It was tender and juicy and well fried.. I see myself coming back here again.
I came here looking for something I had never had together: chicken and waffles. The chicken legs were fantastic, but the waffles were so so. Either way, I washed it down with some "drank." LOL! I may come here again, but it won't be for at least a year before I recover from the calorie coma!
I've eaten at this restaurant on many, many occasions and it is always great.  Lines are sometimes out the door, but the wait is worth it.  They have collard greens, fried okra, the best sweet potatoes I've ever had, and best of all, some really good fried chicken.  The catfish and chips basket is perfectly cooked and always great.  Go hungry, because the portions are generous.  One of these days, I'm going to have a slice of the wonderful looking Red Velvet cake on the counter.  If it's as good as the rest of Lo Lo's food, I'll be in heaven.
Love this place except for being seated near the drink station pretty much in the kitchen. That's kinda lame. Otherwise this place is next to amazing.
Food coma!  Lo-Lo's is consistent and comfort food for the soul.  We got lucky and their wasn't much of a wait to get seated.. . Don't knock Chicken and Waffles until you try it!  I was skeptical the first time I heard about it, but I went to the grand opening of the Scottsdale location and I've been a fan ever since.. . Don't hold back...go for the Lo-Lo's 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles and take left overs home with you.  Be sure to try the sides...my favorite is the Fried Okra.
Sure the neighbor is a little rough, and I might worry about where I park my car.  Also, the food here isn't completely healthy for you, and might be a days worth of calories in one meal.... but it's totally worth it.. . This is one of those places that I go to once a year, to pig out on fantastic soul food.  I always order the standard friend chicken with waffles, mac and cheese and collard greens.  The sides are kinda pricey, but good to share with someone.  Even though they look small, you'll be so full from the actual meal, it wouldn't matter.. . Good mix, hot sauce with the maple syrup and the chicken, you gotta try it.. . The place is small, but it has a nice atmosphere, with books and magazines scattered around to read while you wait.  It's a cozy place, great for a nice outing out with a friend.
Bountiful plate for chicken and waffles. You could even change it up and replace with other side dishes. Turned out wonderfully and delicious. Staff was quite attentive as well. The location isn't great, however, but it will have to do.
I finally got a chance to come to the original location. It was late on a Thursday night. Like 8ish late and the fabulous Dottsy decided she wanted some chicken and waffles. So off we went to get their before they closed. This place is small and quaint and I can see how the lines are around the corner on the weekend. Get in and get out people lol. The staff were friendly and the food was delicious as always. Plus they were playing some jams while we enjoyed our food and they didn't rush us at all even though they were closed by the time we were done. If I am ever back on this side of town, I just may have to stop in and get my fried chicken and waffle fix.
This place is tiny and its a liitle bit in the cutties...this is another one of them down places. So Foofoo warning in effect. . . Start with koolaid but get some water to cut it. This is the sweetest koolaid ever. Its good....i think the ratio is 1 jar of Water, one pack of koolaid, one pound of sugar! Lol!. . The waffle is great. The chicken.....awesome. . . Desert was amazing! Banana pudding was off the hook.. . Im mobile.so sorry i can't write too much more but this place is worth stopping at if you're ever in phoenix. Comfortable great music great food.
SO much better than roscoes.  Better waffles and certainly better chicken, can't go wrong with a nice jug of kool-aid either.
I know, I know, another chicken and waffles place. I mean, how hard is it to mess up chicken and waffles. The only reason I went here is because Charles Barkley recommended it, and if CB knows anything, it's unhealthy food. . . I'm done rationalizing my decision to go there but I don't want to make it a trend of going to these somewhat gimmicky chicken and (insert breakfast item here) restaurants. . . verdict: The food was really good. The sides were amazing too, I got the mac-n-cheese; a gloopy cheesymess, just the way I like it.. . P.S. I thought Roscoe's in LA was better.
best chicken in az so far. Love the tre-tre with added piece of breast. Mac and cheese is bomb. Hit up the kool-aid drank yo!
Looking for a place in Phoenix to get some early breakfast Easter Sunday (Matt's Big Breakfast was closed) and we came across Lo-Lo's. Boy, what a gem! We parked in front. The place is small and quaint but definitely has a lot of character. First thing I noticed was that the whole staff was really friendly, welcoming, and attentive. . . We came here for chicken and waffles so that's what we ordered. However, there was so much more on the menu that I seemed appetizing. The sweet tea came out in large jars. Nice! I had the 3 pc chicken and 2 waffles smothered in gravy and onions. My friends had the same without the gravy. The food came out quickly and piping hot! Whatever is in their seasoning, it was so good! The gravy and onions were even better! I could probably have done without one less waffle, but oh well, I was on vacation.. . Lo-Lo's is definitely up there for me in terms of best chicken and waffles. I'd come here again if I'm in Phoenix.
We went on a Thurs evening, 6ish, and as soon as I stepped out of the car, we were greeted by a group of friendly servers.  We got a table right away. I ordered the chicken tender basket with fries and my hubs had 2-pc chicken and a waffle.  We both ordered the sweet tea.  The sweet tea was delish...def no splenda in there but reminded me of my grandma's tea growing up!  Our food came out piping hot and was YUM! . Ok, so chicken and waffles isn't the most extravagant cuisine for a 4-star review but Lolo's won me over with their service.  The food beat Roscoe's in LA and fancy schmancy steak houses could learn a thing or two from their customer service.  It was the perfect experience for what the restaurant is going for!
Probably closer to 3.5 stars but I rounded up to 4 stars since chicken and waffles is not a food type that I expected to find in the desert. The food is tasty enough and I would expect that LoLo's is the finest chicken and waffles joint in Arizona.. . I spend a lot of time in Atlanta on business where chicken and waffles is considered an art form so I'm spoiled by Gladys Knight!. . Seriously, the waffles are delicious!  Some of the best that I've had anywhere...  I'm not sure what is going on with the frozen butter/crisco on the waffles but I could do without it.. . The chicken is pretty good but it is fairly greasy....  I had the chicken fried chicken and it was a solid offering topped with sausage gravy.. . I wanted to try the banana pudding but I succumbed to the chicken, waffles, chicken fried chicken, corn bread, rice/beans,etc...  You won't leave here hungry!
Since I didn't get my eggos this morning, and the reviews on Yelp were rather high, I convinced my daughter we should try out LoLo's today. She's never been there, and wanted to try them out too,so it was an easy sell.  Going in, the place was kinda small, but I've been in even smaller joints. I ordered 2 thighs and a waffle, and my daughter had 2 wings with a waffle. The chicken was cooked to perfection and the waffle was light and fluffy with a great touch of cinnamon. I didn't think I was gonna finish the whole meal (cause I wanted to bring some home) but the task was too easy. If you like really SWEET tea , this is the place to get it. Mine was a bit too sweet for my liking (thats why they only get 4stars, because of the iced tea).  Overall if you never been here, you gotta go. At least once, then twice, then three times.....
Went here for breakfast on a Sunday morning and it was busy, but they seem to know their business well because our food was out within 5 minutes of ordering and tasted fresh.  I come here for the chicken and that did not disappoint.  It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The waffles seemed a little overdone, so I ended up eating only half of it.  I had some mac and cheese which was great, so that made up for the waffle.  . . The service was prompt and attentive, so no problems there.  However, I don't agree with the 18% gratuity for a group of 5 people, but I'm guessing it's to ensure people tip.  Since the service was great I have no problem paying 18%, but I would prefer that the amount to tip be my decision for a group of less than 7 or 8.
Do not go there if you have a late afternoon client meeting.  You will be happy, but you will be oh so sleepy.  What I love about LoLo's is that they have the best lunch combinations already figured out for you....the hard part is just picking out which one.  The macaroni and cheese is just the type you want, gooey and cheesy.  The collard greens are tender with just a little bitterness and the chicken is without compare.  I care mostly about the waffles which are huge and the size of a dinner plate.  Oh and you can get red kool-aide in mason jars.  Need I say more?
I love Lo-Lo's. It is definitely worth the trip to the "hood" to sample a bit of their exquisite southern fried decadence. I had the 3 pieces of Chicken Southern Fried w/ 2 side orders & cornbread. I chose the mac n' cheese and sweet potatoes. Everything was amazing. No. Make that "a-MAH-zing". The chicken was cooked perfectly--tender and juicy with a crispy coating that had a nice "pop" of seasoning. The mac n' cheese actually had cheesy flavor. All too often, restaurant mac n' cheese leaves me wondering "where's the cheese?" Not so at Lo-Lo's. The only (only!) complaint I have is the portion size. It was WAY TOO MUCH!  I wish they had a two piece/two side combo, or even a one piece combo. As much as I like fried chicken, I'm really a sucker for the sides. Lo-Lo's does both very very well.
About ten years ago, I was in Phoenix for the first time ever working a project and my dad came for a visit and we read about Lolo's and visited. Back then (although my memory fades), the shack was still there and this joint was in it's infancy and both the atmosphere and food were memorable in that fried, greasy, backwoodsy kind of way. It had charm and character, but now the shack is gone and larry has gained about 25 pounds and they have two locations and there is exposed lighting and nice booths and T-shirts for sale. Hey, when the cash gods give you your chance to cash in, you might as well, but some places don't sell out and its too bad that this place has fancied itself up. The food though was pretty much what I remember, although Waffle House has better, crispier waffles. The chicken is still top quality, but not the "best ever" anymore, hey something has too suffer when your expanding. The home fries were outstanding with huge chunks of real potatoes and a healty dose of onions and two colors of peppers on top and the sweet tea was terrific in it's mason jar for 3 bucks. It's still clearly worthy of a visit by tourist and local, but if your in a real good fried chicken place in the South, you will wait 25 minutes for fresh chicken. My meal came out in ten minutes which leads me to believe things are a bit different in that kitchen these days than the good ole days gone past.
Bring on the calories! This is the place to go if you are feeling really hungry, or really under-weight. Where else can you get perfectly fried chicken with waffles? Most of the choices on the menu are reasonably priced, and the new design of the place is open and bright. I also thought it was very clean inside, which one would not expect from a restaurant that prides itself on serving neon colored and super sweet cool-aide. . . While the waffles are nothing to write home about, the chicken is fried to perfection. It was tough finding a parking spot, and we had to eventually park across the street. Not knowing if you car is going to get towed kinda made me rush through my meal. The grits left something to be desired - they were dry and had little seasoning. If it wasn't for the huge hunk of butter (which seems to be the only ingredient/condiment that the kitchen used), I would have not eaten the grits at all. Thankfully, the hot sauce made them taste alright. . . Will I come back? Probably, but only after I recover from my heart attack from the last visit.
I'm going to preface this review with this statement: DON'T EAT THE CAKE. Really, what was an otherwise fantabulous meal was ruined by my slice of red velvet cake. Cake is loosely used to define this...thing. It tasted like raw biscuit dough. It was wet, mushy, and the only flavor was red food dye. Even the frosting was terrible. *sigh*. . BUT! The chicken fried chicken was fantastic, the candy sweets and collards were great. And the cornbread was darn tasty. And, hey, you serve me a refreshing beverage in a Mason jar, and I'm a happy camper. I ate like a pig, left full as a tick and still have a doggy bag with half my food waiting for me in the fridge. Midnight snack? Breakfast with a couple eggs over easy? Either way, yum again! . . So you'll enjoy your meal...as long as you avoid the cake!
Newly remodeled so there is more seating available.  Excellent fried chicken and waffles.  Serves all drinks in giant mason jars.  Excellent service.  Soul food establishment.
Sketchy area.  But oh so worthin gooood.  Chicken is on point.  Waffles with cinnamon, delish.  The RED punch is the best (extra ice).  Will be back.
Great service - lots of staff, everyone checks on you including mgnt.  Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Waffles were pretty good, Kool-Aid was a little sweet, but terrific and nostalgic.  Excellent decor as well.  I'll be back and I'm bringing friends.
The word AMAZING comes to mind. Great place to go and eat until your heart is content. Or until it explodes, whichever comes first. An odd combo but who the heck cares when you are suffering from the blues?. I recommend, therefore I am right.
I visited Lola's literally the last hour of my trip to Phoenix and almost didn't make it prior to closing. Though I was greeted by an overzealous hostess who demanded I throw away a small amount of bread before I entered, the total experience was worth the confrontation. My server was an extremely amicable guy. Most important the FOOD especially the beans and rice were phenomenal. The fried chicken's skin was perfectly crisp and tasty. This place is a must-visit again spot. Good job Lolo's!!
So good! They even have cocktails with Kool-Aid! A great place to chow down on some fried chicken (moist, good flavor), waffles, grits, fried okra, greens, and a whole lot more.  You will definitely be feeling the itis before too long. The venue is spacious and the bathrooms were impeccably clean and very stylish. Yolo, so go to Lolo's and indulge.
Concrete Floor. That is a good thing in this type of place. The food here is very, very rich. If you are on any sort of diet, dont go! if you are not you are in luck. Nice crispy Fried Chicken and kool-aid. Thats all I got, so I can't vouch for the other items on the menu. The chicken is really good, the fried coating is light and the chicken is meaty. It's easy to skimp on Fried Chicken because you can fry any skinny ass chicken and with the right seasoning, it turns out good. You can tell they use quality chicken. The kool-aid is sweet and cold.  This place is good!
Where do I start. Upon arriving, we signed in and were told there was a one hour wait. The reason I did not rate them a 5 is due to the long wait and lack of standing room for those waiting. Otherwise, the experience was excellent. Our server was Monique and she was hospitable and friendly. We asked her for suggestions and she gave us genuine responses. Although it was busy, she did not rush us. The amazing part was that our food took no longer than 10 minutes to arrive. I was blown away. They have a large menu, but are still able to complete orders in such a short amount of time. And the food was hot and tasty. I ordered the smothered chicken and yams and fried okra. The chicken was mouth watering. I could not eat it all. I will definitely be going back. I didn't order waffles this time, but I will when I go back.
Fried chicken, waffles, and mac and cheese for breakfast, oh. hell. yes. Lo Lo's food is more than worth the wait, however I did feel kind of rushed when we were finally seated! I understand they wanna turn tables, but I just waited 45 minutes for a table, gimme a minute to decide what I want to eat! Despite the inevitable wait and the hurried service, I will most certainly be eating here again soon. Oh yes. I will.
Went here for the first time.  Wow talk about QUICK and yummy, and hot and delicous, oh yeah I am going back.  Good Value.  Service fantastic.  You gotta go check it out.
Not quite as good as Roscoe's in LA, but that would be extremely difficult. Lo-Lo's is still fantastic. Love this place!
I went ot Lolo's this weekend with the Breakfast Club (thanks Monica!). It was, of course, a fun time, and the food was pretty good. I, of course, had chicken and waffles (what else?). I got the Betty Boop, which was a breast and a waffle. My waist line is not thrilled, but I was! The chicken was good, it had a good amount of crunchiness, but I wish the breading had more spices in it. A good way to fix that is using their delicious hot sauce. Surprising, the coffee here was very good as well. I will probably not come here often (my thighs can't afford it), but when I'm looking for a breakfast calorie splurge, this is a good place to go. . . PS our server was very nice and accommodating for our large group.
Saturday morning was 4th meet up for the breakfast club uye, and this time Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffles was picked, as before with the other events, I called the venue to give them the heads up that we are headed their way, this time the hostess who picked up the phone didn't ask for a name or time we were coming in, just said ok, so I arrived at Lo Lo's about a  1/2 hour early to let them know that we will be a party of 10 to 15 at 10am, the hostess this time said well did you call and I explained what happened when I did, she said well next time as for me. Oh ok, and then when it came to be seated we were told we were not getting seated until entire party was here and by this time 8 of us were there, so I told her call us a party 8 and let's get breakfast going! I have to say though Lo Los was the place for huge parties sat morning, there were 2 other groups of 15 waiting to be seated as well. . . We had 2 servers, a nice young lady and Jaqwan, and let me tell you, both servers were great!  Jaqwan was hot on making sure we were taken care of from drinks to food. Love a place with great service! And yes Lo Los was busy but they never looked or made us feel rushed!. . I orderd the #8 betty boop , chicken breast with a waffle, I don't know what is it, but I can't get enough of that fried chicken! I don't even eat fried chicken but this place always has me craving more! This was my 1st time to the Phoenix location; I have been to the one in Scottsdale a number times, and I have to say I love the feel of this place, the opened ceiling in the main dining area, the nice comfy green sofa seating in the patio area, even the outside seating was nice, and it was a perfect day to be eating out side but I will have to try that another time.. . So regardless of which location, I love me some Lo Los! You betcha I will be back!. . Also would like to thank everyone who attends the breakfast club uye, its fun to see everyone and to have a great meal with! Thank you guys!
Good stuff.. GREAT fried chicken, among other things.. Good service . For what you get, pretty expensive!. I like it & I will go back, but again, for what you get it's over priced.
I must say that I am impressed with the food here. Since my move from the East Coast I have been searching for rather good soul food. The fried chicken here is moist, crunchy, flavorful, and all that real southern fried chicken is supposed to be. The Mac-n-cheese is a great pairing and the waffles here are delectable. . . The owner has been there each time that I have been, and he has always asked how things were, taking orders, seating people, etc. I love a hands on family owned business that has really yummy food.  . . I have not been to the one in Scottsdale, because I am not a Scottsdale fan. I also have not had enough room in my stomach to try the red velvet cake. One day I will get to try the cake.. . If you can avoid going here after church on Sunday than you may not wait in a very long line, like I always end up getting! But, nonetheless, I am impressed!
The UYE Breakfast Club was at it again, and what better place to meet up than Lo-Lo's.The place was crazy busy, we sat out side on their big comfy couch waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, lucky for us it was a perfect morning. The smells form kitchen drove me to mad hunger. Unfortunately I can't eat waffles but I think I ate everything else that morning from chicken, potatoes, grits and even shared a piece of their oh so heavenly but sinfully good Red Velvet cake! Jaqwan handled our table with ease and everything was fabulous as always! It's making me hungry just thinking about it. I'll definitly be back soon...
I love Lo-Lo's and it hurts me to say this, but... The food at the downtown location is sub par to that of the Scottsdale location. I will say that both of my visits to the downtown location were earlier (around 10) in the day so maybe the oil and waffle irons are too fresh . Yesterday though my waffle was barely golden and was mushy. I could have cried. However, the food was still fine and nothing to complain about in regular terms, but the Scottsdale location has set my fried chicken and waffle standards very high. I do love the decor with the mason jar and basket lighting. I will continue to eat at Lo-Lo's but I will have a much further drive because I will only go to the eastside location.
I love to come here! I come here at least twice a month. The food is great along with the staff. My usual is the "Baby Ray." 3 pieces of juicy fried chicken smothered in gravy and onions with 2 waffles. Everything tastes homemade and on point! This is one of my favorite spots for lunch!
Today's lunch adventure: Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles at the Phoenix location. I had to let my food settle before I began writing. I am still in a food coma. I can compare this food coma to being Ryan Lochte for maybe 30 mins, because I feel slow and DUMB- Jeah!  When driving to this place, you better look for it or you will miss it, but it is kind of hard to miss with people surrounding the door waiting to get in. . . We found a parking spot, walked in, gave our name and waited a total of 10 mins. We actually stood outside of the door for a minute or two before we went inside to see if your name was called.  I have been wanting to come to this restaurant for along time now so I am glad I went with my friend Tamirra. She told me to pace myself because if not I will get sick.  I seriously thought by the end of this lunch date I would be sweating grease and my pores would ooze of grease. I order the #9 lil amadi. I order it with 2 thighs and one waffle. It came out in 10 mins and all I can say is Oh my WORD! It was amazeballs.  The chicken skin was crispy and juicy and the waffle could have been in the waffle iron for a tad longer but it wasn't mushy by any means. For the drink, I just ordered a water. There were two girls sitting next to me asking what the kool aid menu was, have you ever imagined asking a server what the koolaid menu was for the day? The server gave the colors and the respective flavors. She named them off: red, blue and purple and then went into the actual flavors tropical punch, blue raspberry and grape.  Classy! :) . . Overall the meal was really good, the service was good as well. The server came probably a handful of times, to give us our drinks, take our order, give us boxes and the check.. . The only complaint that I have, which isn't even my problem but apparently they do not allow outside drinks inside of the restaurant. There was a gentleman drinking a starbucks coffee and a server actually stood there and waited for him to take a "last sip" before he had to hand it over.  It wasn't as though he wasn't going to order a purple drank!
Unpopular opinion time, I don't like the chicken, I think it's dry, and I never get it when I go. . . That aside, the waffles are perfect. They're more savory so it goes with the food. If you've never have had grits the first place you should have them is here. Collared greens, fried okra, and the mac and cheese are soo delicious. Cool-Aid? Yes, yes, and yes. It comes in this big ice cold pitcher!! The Red Velvet cake is a true Southern delight, and being from Texas, I think it's perfect. Also the Chrizo is ace!!! The services is so-so, mostly because they're are a lot of teens working. Usually busy so go on an off time, or place an order to pick it up (food travels well).
First time was amazing. It was in the old place and it was small and full of character. The food was awesome. I think they put crack in the waffles. I couldn't wait to go back. I've since been back about 12 times in the past year. It's hit and miss some days. Some days the sweet tea is fantastic, some days it's way too sugary....and I have an entire row of teeth dedicated to my sweet tooth....I've been to both the Scottsdale and Phoenix location but I guess I'm getting over it now. Thefood is good but maybe not worth the price.
Service has slipped since they moved intotheir beautiful new building. Today was our third visit since the new place opened. We were seated quickly, but waited nearly 15 minutes before someone stopped by for a drink order, and nobody stopped in to check on us or refill our drinks once food was delivered.. . As usual, the food was excellent and the staff was friendly. But despite what seemed to be dozens of employees roaming the floor, we felt like we were invisible. Lo-Lo's has been a regular in our weekend breakfast rotation for a few years now. Perhaps it's time to look around a bit.
Very soulful place to go to.
I have a confession: I thought the concept of chicken and waffles was kinda ridiculous -- I mean, that's a lot of unhealthy beige and brown grub on one plate. My second confession is that last Saturday was the first time I indulged in CW and it was on vacation, at Lolo's. Holy banana pants!!! I have been missing out!. . The chicken was fresh, hot, crispy, tender - the batter is epic. And the waffle was thin, crunch crunch, almost with a hint of cinnamon, bathed in butter and syrup -- oh-hohoho!LOVE. . . The missing star is due to the macaroni and cheese, disastrous velvety glop. Meh.
They've got a live DJ!!. . Just had to get that out there. I've had the misfortune of a bad experience out in their Scottsdale location, but when I had a girlfriend in town who had just been craving fried chicken, well. There's really not any other place in Phoenix to go to. Except Mrs. White's. And they weren't open late enough.. . I didn't know what to expect. I knew that the food would probably be good. That it was in a ghetto part of town. Not to be on a diet before I got here. The basics. . . I was really quite impressed. They had clearly renovated recently. It's bright and stylish and modern. Very busy, and quite loud, thanks to the crowd of people and aforementioned DJ. The food is straight up soul food fare- chicken and waffles, beans and rice, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. You can get kool aid or lemonade or sweet tea in giant mason jars. The food came out quickly, but was piping hot and fresh. (Unlike our experience with the other location.) My chicken had beautifully crispy skin. My grits were okay. A bit thick and gooshy, but really the star of the show here is the chicken, so frankly I didn't care too much that the sides were a little more mediocre. . . We were so stuffed to the gills at the end we had no room for red velvet cake or any of the tempting sweets. Till next time, Lo-lo's. Till next time.
The best fried chicken and waffles ever!  I think subconsciously you feel less guilty if you order the fried chicken breast but it was awesome.  We all split sides of mac n cheese and collard greens.  Friendly, attentive staff.  Can't wait to go again!
The food is great and the ambiance is great. The hostes or maybe the owener and I had a very nice conversation as if we've know each other for years about her mother and my friend and traveling.  I will be back.
Okay, so I like fried chicken but I'm not the biggest fan, especially the sloppy greasy kind of fried chicken. I haven't been to KFC, Popeyes or Church's Chicken in years and my friend had been suggesting this place since I moved to Phoenix over 4 years ago. Let me just say, I can't believe it took me 4 years to come here, no seriously, I have to slap myself silly for that because LoLo's has renewed my faith in fried chicken. Seriously, I think that was the best fried chicken I've had in my life. The chicken was fried to a perfection, nice golden crisp with minimal grease, that's right, MINIMAL grease! I didn't think that was physically possible for fried chicken but LoLo's debunked that myth! I have the #7,which was 3 chicken wings and a waffle. I've already swooned over the fried chicken, now the waffle was ok, nothing too special, same stuff you get at a waffle house. I still can't get over the friend chicken though.....Anyways, I really liked the atmosphere here, on the south end of downtown, this place gets crazy packed for lunch. A lot of regulars come here and it's obvious from the waiters and waitresses hootin and hollering at the customers when they come in by their first names, kind of cool! Anyways, I will be back for more fried chicken for sure and am curious to try their cat fish!
I like Lo-Lo's!  The food is always good, love the atmosphere. I guess its cool that they're branching out around the Valley so that more people get to experience the yumminess. I will say, if you call yourself a REAL fan of Lo-Lo's, you must have at least 1 meal at the original location.  . . Keep Chick-in on, Lo-Lo's!
Went to visit a friend in Phoenix and she took me to this place. I adore chicken and waffles and I can't help but get it every chance I get! I had the tray-tray? which included 2 fried drumsticks and a waffle. I added a side of mac and cheese & eggs scrambled with cheese (I LOVE CHEESE). I made sure to put the Lo-Lo sauce on my chicken (it's their version of hot sauce). Everything was so delicious!! Topped off my meal with a glass of Kool-Aid! I asked the waitress what flavors they had and she replied "red, blue and grape!," I had to ask if those were the colors or the flavor, then she gave me the flavors...can you say RACHET?! Anyway, everyone there was pleasant and I enjoyed my meal. Will definitely be back whenever I am in the Phoenix area =)
So I missed the Yelp UYE but 2 months later Smunch visited and I made it.  This time, as opposed to the UYE at the Scottsdale location, I did indeed have a chicken and waffle along with cheesy grits.  Good stuff!  This is one of those legendary downtown restaurants worth making the drive and maybe a bit of a wait for.
I'm teetering between a 4 and a 5 on this one. I went for the first time yesterday and I was IMPRESSED. The restaurant was cleanly but still had an awesome downhome feeling. The hosts/hostesses and all of the wait staff was accommodating and always made sure to check back in or explain menu items. The menu is full of delicious Southern entrees that make it difficult to choose. I plan to make this a regular spot (but not too often don't want to pack on those extra pounds!) LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
Food here is almost always perfect.. The fried chicken is really good and the stupid fries are really good! The stupid fries are definitely something to share along with your own chicken and waffles.. Unless your a really big eater. Service is usually good but sometimes not so good. Overall I love this place.
Great food and great service.  Will tell others to try them.
I came here with my husband, mom, and aunt on a whim.  My aunt really wanted chicken and waffles, and she said this was the place to go.  I'm glad we listened to her.  The food was tasty and prompt - they all ordered chicken and waffles, but I went with catfish.  I know, I know, totally wrong and weird to order here, but it was really good.  Not my all-time favorite catfish, but good!. . Service was great, food was good, and my mom loved that they serve sweetened tea (she's from Nebraska, where this is a foreign concept).  Keep up the good work :)!
Love the cheese grits!  OMG they're to die for.. Of course the chicken n waffles are fabulous.. My 24 year old daughter loved the Kool-Aid on tap.. The service is ok, could be better. but the food is worth the trip.
Food is great and the new building is quiteroomy and nice (even if I miss the nostalgia of the old location). But I can't give it 5 starts because of the rule of not allowing multiple credit cards for payment. This policy - especially with large parties - was pretty inconvenient. There were people in my party who were annoyed enough not to come back. :-(
Since they moved to their new building the food is SO much better! The service at the PHX location is phenomenal too. I am from the South and this is the best comfort/soul food I have had in the 2 years I have been in Arizona.
I love this place. It's just always busy. We get here in the mornings on Saturday at open to avoid the lines.. . Chicken and Waffles, grits, greens, fried eggs with cheese and onions, Sweet tea and corn bread.  All Good.  Service is usually good, hit ot miss here but the food in great all the time.. . There is a location in Scottsdale too.
Ok, so the idea of eating chicken and waffles never has appealed to me.  It just seemed wrong, like i was violating a law of some kind.  But my friend invited me to go to Lo-Lo's for lunch and I gave in.  Boy, was I wrong about how it would taste!  There is something about the flavors that just work great together.  If you have never tried it, I recommend it.  . . We went to the Phoenix location, and it was very busy at lunch time, so get there early or you will probably have a wait.  The service was friendly, with lots of smiles, which made me feel at home.  I had chicken and waffles, corn bread, and mac-n-cheese.  The chicken can come with gravy, which makes it messy to eat, but mmmmmmm...get the gravy.  The corn bread is very good too.  . . My only complaint is that the waffle was on the thin side, but was still a great flavor toadd to the fried chicken.  They have a large menu of classic soul food items, so there is a lot to choose from.  I went there about three weeks ago, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about chicken and waffles since, so i know I will be going back soon, and will buy one of their t-shirts too.
"Mason jars make me excited". . This was one of those places you get excited about because it's soul food in the south.. well not sure if you would call Phoenix the south, but you get the point. . . This place is a solid 3.5 for the food experience, but when I think about round up or round down, the other touches allow me to comfortably nudge this place to a 4.. . +Service was amazing. I appreciate other waiters asking do you need anything. Sometimes your server can get caught up and you are left waiting. Equally important, the server had an opinion. The worst thing is when you ask someone about an item and they shrug their shoulders.. +Food came out pretty quickly and nice and warm. I order the mix - fried chicken and a piece of catfish with greens, red potatoes and green beans, and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought the fish was tasty, the chicken was better than okay but not great.. and the greens/green beans were just okay. I ordered the red velvet as well and well.. how can you NOT have cream cheese frosting. After letting it sit a day I liked it more.. but something was missing. . +Mason Jars: Yes, folks, this deserved it's own line. A place totally rocks when they serve your drink in a mason jar! I loved it. If I wanted a sugar rush, I could have ordered the kool-aid. That's awesomeness.. . Even with the slightly above average food experience, I would totally go back and continue to explore the menu. I will say I was a fan of their hot sauce. It has the right amount of kick to it.
If you love soul food, you'll love this!! My personal fave is the Betty Boop. It comes with a waffle and a breast. The portions are big, so bring your appetite! The chicken is out of this world good! The seasonings used are amazing. The sweet tea is to die for as well. You really can't go wrong here. Try the chicken tenders as well. Don't forget to try their grape draaannnk. Will always be coming back here!
I like Roscoe's so I had to a comparison. The chicken was good and juicy. The waffle was a little doughy.
