If you're a music fan, this is the place to be. I can't speak to the quality of the casino since we didn't gamble there but as a hotel it's a terrific experience. The rooms are hip and well appointed. The showers are huge but suffer from the same water pressure issues as all the other hotels in Vegas. Beds are very soft, great for crashing after a late night. The restaurants, especially Pink Taco, are great. Swank decor abounds. Slightly off the Strip but not far enough to be a problem. We'll be back for sure.
So this is what's it's like to be a Rockstar.... . This place wins hands down in having the best music EVER in a casino. Where else am I going to hear Foo Fighters at 3am? The rock memorabilia scattered throughout the casino is pretty great too. . . I scored a killer deal of $50/night. When we checked in, we were upgraded to a pool view. The room was very rock star glam.To my amusement,  a pic of a much younger Mick Jagger hung over our bed (I would have preferred Chris Cornell, but whatever). Our bathroom was pretty blah in comparison...beige walls, white fixtures, it looked like it belonged in a Motel 6. The bed was ultra comfy; I could have slept all day! . . Valet was quick and friendly. The hotel/casino seriously needs more than one person working the players club line, though. Big boo for that. . . Thanks Hazel for the text promo tip! Hopefully I'll score a suite when Weezer plays in a few weeks!
Hard Rock Hotel - quality tunes blaring at all times.  The place to be for younger peeps.. . Dealers at the tables are consistently smoking hot.  . Vanity - damn good on Sunday nights.  . Pink Taco. There is a 24/7 diner that I hit up 4 times in the span of 3 days.. Rehab.. . The room itself - I stayed in a suite in the HRH tower. Lot of ipod hookups. Spacious rooms that was perfect for having a bunch of people over to preparty. . . We got our rooms for dirt cheap, so I probably wouldn't have been as pleased had I paid full price.
Nice place for gaming. Good vibe & music and fun people with professional staff.
A few friends and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock on a road trip out to the Rose Bowl. Despite the little time we had, it was an overall pleasant experience. . . We didn't arrive in Las Vegas until 11 p.m., so we had a late check in. When we walked up to the front desk, we were told we were "upgraded" to the HRH, the newer hotel. I wouldn't call it an "upgrade", just a newer hotel, which I'm assuming was cleaner and nicer than the other hotel tower. The beds were great and comfortable. The room or the floor did not smell of smoke at all which is a major plus. The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was the bathroom door didn't lock. Good thing I was comfortable with everyone I traveled with. . . The only down fall was the 4.99 steak 'n' eggs breakfast at the restaurant off the casino. One friend and I ordered our steak medium rare and did not feel so great later on. There was a more expensive steak 'n' egg option (leading me to believe the steak was not too sketch), but hey, you live you learn. It's also far from the Strip, but we were really only there to crash.. . Would definitely stay here again.
Stayed here for a couple nights before this past new years and had a great experience.  Room [supreme king suite] is really beautiful- spacious living room, 2 flat screens, large cushy bed, HUGE bathroom, and spacious closets.  Would recommend.  Only down fall is that we took a cab everywhere because it wasn't really in walking distance to the strip.
They have good prime rib in the cafe and I always seem to win on the slots!
I kind of forget about Hard Rock since it is off strip but, it is great spot to see the younger crowd but it is not as crowded as the strip places. Good music also and very hot girls everywhere.
Do you like music?
Staff treats me well.  Visited Vegas many times,  off the strip doesn't bother me.  Vanity is a must see.  Rehab still fun. Suites are awsome.  They do not ream you like some of the other properties on the strip.
I like!! It's a very classy hotel and casino, in a rock star kind of way, not at all snobby and pretentious like most others you'll find on the strip. . . For the price, the rooms are great and very clean. i've stayed in both Casino Tower and Paradise Tower, and the rooms are essentially the same. Our stay in Paradise Tower was great, but in Casino Tower, we had a bit of trouble with the shower - the water was lukewarm and didn't start getting hot until the end of the shower. Wah I need my hot showers (minus 1 star). The tubs are also small. You also can't come home with leftovers; there's no fridge space and you can't move things! But the beds are SOOO COMFORTABLE!!! Huge down pillows and comforter and nice soft sheets. . . Being off the strip, the area is quieter, yet the casino is still bustling. The drive to the strip is very short too! I love the location, and it's great for avoiding traffic on the strip. . . The casino is my favorite part. Hard Rock is the best place to play. The music is always good. Nowhere else can you play BJ to such great rock music! In my opinion, the dealers here generally have better personalities, and the company is definitely more fun! Honestly, even though I end up losing money, I always walk away having had a great time.
We stayed at the HRH tower for our wedding. We paid for a corner suite, but ended up with a crap view because we needed a non-smoking room. There were buildings on both sides, but we could see the Hard Rock Cafe guitar between them which is pretty cool, but not the view we were expecting. . . The room was really nice, and the bed was super comfortable. We had a KISS themed room, which I loved. The room was always clean, and it was super quiet. I was expecting some noise after reading the other reviews, but it was really nice and peaceful, and we saw people in the halls often so we know the rooms by us were actually occupied.. . I liked how everywhere we walked within the hotel had good music playing, and it was a lot of fun looking at the different memorabilia, a lot of it had changed since the last time I was there.. . We ordered room service twice, and ate at Mr. Lucky's for breakfast once. Overall everything was good, the french onion soup from room service was delicious, so were the mini sliders. I was actually really surprised at how tasty the mini sliders were, I wasn't expecting that much but they were really good. The potato skins had a bunch of bacon and were really crispy. The breakfast at Mr. Lucky's was better than the room service breakfast. Really, the only difference was the eggs. Mr Lucky's cooked them right, but the room service eggs were way over cooked. Besides that everything was good, pancakes, fruit, coffee, etc.. . We would go back, we had a good time, liked the room, and besides the view we didn't have any issues. I absolutely loved the body lotion, it had a light citrusy scent, and was gentle enough to use on my face.
Playing tonight with Cee Lo... just before Tiesto!
My wife and I stayed there for a couple of days on our last trip to Vegas.  We stayed in the Casino/Paradise tower, which is the old section of the hotel.  We were in room 941.  The room was a nice size, but the bathroom was REALLY small.  They could have made better use of the space.  The bed was comfortable, and it was nice to be able to open the doors to the outside and let fresh air in.  Everything seemed clean.  The pool was nice, but going there in March, there wasn't much going on.  . . Both my wife and myself have tattoos, and we felt like we fit in better at the Hard Rock over any other hotel we have been at.. . I would recommend it to anyone, and the next time we stay there we will be staying in the new HRH tower.. . We went to the spa in the HRH tower, and it was very nice.  Everything you could ask for.  Just make sure you take swim trunks so you can go in the Roman waterhouse section.
I can't review the entire hotel, but I can review the HRH tower, which is where I stayed.. . The all suite tower was rad, and the room was way sexy--you can tell that this place was designed for men, and I mean that because everything in the restroom is glass(except where the toilet is), so you can see someone shower, get ready or take a bath from the bedroom.. . Everything was kept clean and eight (yes, 8) of us stayed in the one room with just two queen beds, one blow up mattress and the couches that were in the living room area.  I ended up being $33/person each night which was freakin' amazing.. . Everyone was very sweet EXCEPT for the beezy at the pool; there are a few pool areas and we were at the pool with the beach where they do rehab starting in April, just minding our own business and tanning in those chairs that are half submerged when some chick came and took the towels that were covering our faces from the sun.  She told us that we were not allowed to have towels in the pool and instead of giving us the option to, oh I don't know, put the towels with the rest of our stuff, she just took them and ran off.. . Uhhhhh, wtf?. . . Other than the crazy pool beezy, we had a good stay at this "off the strip" hotel.  It's a $12 cab ride--including tip--to get to Caesar's from the HRH tower, but it's worth it to stay in the badass room and tan on the beach.
This is a review on the ticket box office at The Joint. Love the layout of the casino. Alot to look at on the walls and eye candy. The parking garage which is new is pretty nice and easy to find. The Box office staff was friendly and more than helpful though a little hard to find.
So, I'm not even sure where to begin with this one.. When we booked this room, I was really excited.  Based on what the pictures told me of our room & the price we were paying, I felt we were getting a pretty good deal.  I had to phone the hotel a couple of times prior to our arrival, & each time was an awesome experience from a customer service perspective.  Everyone was super friendly & although I'm sure busy, I never felt as if they were trying to get me off the phone. They were patient, always had an answer for my question & made me feel as if my call was important, no matter how trivial it might have been.. Upon arrival to the hotel, I was instantly impressed.  When we walked in to the main lobby, the aroma of incense filled the air.  Good incense too, seemingly nag champa, but I could've been mistaken.  . We made our way over to the registration desk.  Being it was only a Thursday, there was relatively no wait.  All the clerks were busy, but we were next up in line.  When we got our turn,  I h&ed my ID to the clerk.  She welcomed us, went through the typical, "Staying with us 2 nights?", etc.  Then she says, "Oh, you're actually staying in our HRH Tower, that check in counter is..." & she pointed us in the direction of that area.  Which was on the other side of the casino.  Because it wasn't busy, it wasn't much of an issue.  But had I stood in the check-in line on Friday, & then found out after that long wait that I had to go somewhere else, I would have been a little upset.  My only suggesetion is maybe a sign at the end of the registration desk that points people to the HRH tower check-in desk.. We checked in with relative ease.  Upon completion of our check-in the clerk gave us his name, which I believe was Matthew, & told us if we needed anything to give a call.. We made our way up to the room not sure what to expect but anxiously anticipating what we saw in pictures.  As we opened the door, we entered a room that did look exactly like every picture that I saw. In fact, if I didn't know better I would think we were staying in the room where the pictures were taken.  Kudos to that HRH Vegas. As many of us have found in the past, reality often doesn't live up to the hype in which the pictures give off.. I'm the type of person, that when I first get in to a hotel room I like to scope it out.  I go through the entire room looking at things, finding things.  I don't know why, I just do.  On my first trip around, I found the in-wall mounted iPod docking staton with interactive touchscreen controls.  This control panel not only worked in conjuction with my iPod, but there were built in music playlists as well.  SCORE! Right away, I set my iPod up, & that's where it stayed for the duration.. The bathroom was a little bigger than I thought it would be.  My only complaint there, no jets in the tub.  I guess that's  not really a complaint as much as it is me being bratty. LOL!. I will say, overall, I only had one major complaint about the room.  I do realize we chose a smoking room.  However, there was a very noticeable burn hole in the middle of one of the couch cushions.  Being an eggshell colored couch, it could not be missed.  I feel as if a place like HRH should have either flipped the cushion or had it replaced.  I'm sure they could afford to have it replaced.  We had this really nice room, with this one little piece that I felt tainted the room a tad.  But I got over it & decided to just not look at that part of the couch.. On Friday, upon our return to the room in the afteroon, the maid had left quite a large stack of linens on the dresser.  It wasn't that big of a deal. I called down to housekeeping & advised them.  She said she would send someone up.  I told her there was a maid & car 4 rooms down & I could give them to her.  She said, "No, that's okay. I'll send someone for them".  I thought that was awesome because it would have been quite easy for me to give them to the maid, but she insisted that someone from their staff would come & get them.. Our first day there we decided to lunch at Pink Taco because they were advertising 99 cent tacos & margaritas.  I had seen an ad before we even got to Vegas & again once we arrived at the hotel.. What is not clearly indicated in ANY of the ads is that the tacos are chicken only (which does me no good), you can only get one order of 5 per person, & it's on valid for Rockstar Club members.  Sorely dissapointed in that lack of clarification.. Our last day we ate at Mr Lucky's for breakfast.  Delicious.  Even though there was a line, we didn't wait long & our server helped us right away.  We were in & out of there quickly, but never felt rushed by anyone.. My overall impression of this hotel & casino is quite favorable.  I really loved the experience.. previously mentioned.. I've already decided that upon my return to Vegas I will be staying at the hotel again.  Great environment, excellent customer service, & seemingly no pretentious attitude from any staff.
Beautiful rooms and a great staff.  I love staying here!!!!  If you want to see pic of the room and view of the pool check out my blog post.
Recently stayed a second time in the Paradise Tower.  Nice room.  Probably the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever had.   However, the Paradise is quite a walk from the Casino area.. . This is a  pretty high-end room:  Flat Screen Sony, higher end furniture, premium bed linens, all granite bath, over-priced minibar and floor to ceiling windows.. . The HRH draws a younger crowd - average age probably 30 something.  . . Big draw for us are the pools - 5 distinct areas, each with their own appeal.  Enjoyed a weekend day in a cabana with great service.  Female wait staff was attentive and very hot in string bikinis.. . Staff here is always top-notch and polite.  No problem with an early check-in, and everyone could not have bee nicer throughout our stay.
It's true,  the Hard Rock is not too kid friendly........but it worked out well. The pool over the hill past the cabana's and down the stairs was the perfect place for my 3 year old to play. The pool is about 1.5 feet deep and there is also a beach entry. The other pools also have beach entry, but I found that this pool was less crowded for him to play in. . . Not a fan of Mr Lucky's restaurant (or whatever the name is). Food was ok, service sucked. I don't expect them to cater to children, but I do expect them to notice that there is another person with me and maybe give him a napkin or silverware or something! . . The rooms are nice. Ours did not have a tub, just shower. There is a mini/ snack bar on the counter in the room. If you MOVE anything on there, you will be charged. So best thing to do if you have no self control or if you have kids, just throw a jacket, sweatshirt or whatever over it! You will forget that is is even there! . . So if you are looking for a place where all the tattooed 25 year olds hang out and a few 30-40 year olds, this is your place!
Fun hotel.
kick ass suite in the tower, juicy bed, great service, good food, bars & club, can cab it anywhere from here, pool party goes off in the daytime, & the night club is packed in the evening, pretty much everything you need for a rocking good time!
The GF and I stayed here for a couple nights after spending Xmas with her family. A very pleasant experience!. . We stayed in one of the new towers. I've heard the old towers aren't nearly as nice, but I wouldn't know. I do know the new towers are GREAT. I was immediately impressed by how clean everything looked when we came in, especially the carpet. Seriously, most hotel room carpets are pretty nasty. But not here. The sitting area was very spacious and comfortable (nice big sectional wraparound couch), with a room divider separating it from the sleeping area. The room divider had huge flat-panel TVs on each side of it, one facing the sitting area and one facing the bed. They're not intended to be used at the same time, because it's still just a single room. The only annoying thing is that they use the same kind of remote control...it happened more than once that we were in bed watching TV and turned it off to sleep, but pressing the power button caused the one on the other side of the divider to turn on. Not the end of the world, but a bit of a pain.. . The bathroom...OMG. It was as big as my apartment! It really felt like a little taste of luxury just to take a shower! The bed was AMAZING. An entire person could disappear under that luxurious down-stuffed comforter.. . Nice decor. We had a big picture of Debbie Harry in our room. I like the free music system that's installed in the wall.. . Good valet service, no issues at all with check-in or check-out and the concierge was very helpful. I would have expected the casino floor at the Hard Rock Hotel to be extremely noisy, even by casino standards. It was actually much quieter than most casinos, which was a nice change of pace.. . I can't review the pool/beach area and "Rehab" because we came during the winter, most of that area was closed off and I wasn't about to go swimming at the beach in 60-degree weather...but it looked pretty.. . Overall a very good experience, as long as you don't mind being a few blocks away from The Strip.
Vegas.com, I love you for the deal I got on the Paradise City suite. Cute blonde girl at the HRH check-in, I love you for upgrading us to the Pool View suite. :). For half off the stay, how could I not have chosen the Hard Rock? Yes, it's a nice jaunt to the Strip (but we did it twice). Yes, the food choices here are a hit-and-miss. And YES, trying to find the HRH Towers check-in was something akin to Indiana Jones' search for the Holy Grail. However, once I did find it and prepped my feet for the walking (and then my wallet for the cab fare once my feet gave out), I really enjoyed my time here. The bathroom was probably my favorite part of the room.... HUGE shower with two showerheads, spa-sized tub (which I didn't get to use, boo!) and of course, ALL open and perfectly viewable by the entire room (lovely when you're there with a lov-ahh). My lov-ahh's favorite part of the room was easily the bed... big and fluffy, huge pillows and enough room for us both to stretch out.. I unfortunately was not able to use the pool nearly as much as I was hoping to (go figure that the week we stay there, Vegas is hit with freak weather). The one day I was able to go lay out, I was digging the pool layout. The Relax party was going on in a different area, but the music was very audible where I was laying... so I was able to bask in the sun (while it was there) and listen to some pretty decent mash-ups. . Would I come back and pay full-price? As long as the damn sun promises to show up!!!
My buddy and I both mid 30's and settled down with families got the green light from our women to hang out a couple nights in vegas, so the hard rock we chose....check in was smooth, and got upgraded to the new tower rooms which are pretty  nice....however upon entering the room even after warning the bro he  decided to check out not only the jelly beans but also the Vodka in the fridge, so on the way back down we stoped at the front desk and asked if we were going to be charged, it did show on  my account but they were cool enough to remove the charge with no problem.  .  .  I can honestly say all the employee's that I encountered from check in to check out were very cool to us, and it was a great time.  The rock is solid.. . Pros-service, food, pool, music., nice clean rooms.. . cons-none really, but a warning....dont buy food like a coffee in the morning and think you are bringing it to the pool area, not happening I had to chug it before hitting the pool.. .   One last thing I love how people whine about it being off the strip....who cares, and how can one be shocked about the 15$ a day resort fee it's posted everywhere, and most hotels in vegascharge that now.....research where you stay.  And somebody breaking into a room and stealing money out of a wallet while you sleep....I'm calling B.S. on that.  Use the safe and locks next time.
Have stayed here the past few times I was in town for a Vegas trip.  We stayed in the casino tower, and had a room that overlooked the pool and part of downtown.  I still like staying at the Hard Rock when I come to Vegas.  They even expanded a bit so there is a casino area with tables and slots next to Mr. Lucky's.  . . CON's. Door Man at the Elevator - Make sure you have your door key with you, as this door man does not have a "list".  No key, so elevator ride to your room.. Valet - Gets filled on busy nights, but where isn't this a problem?. . PRO's. Loud - The hallway in general can be loud, but since most of the people staying here are partying, I expect it.  Hell, I welcome it!. Beds - Very comfortable, I can always get a good nights sleep when I hit the sheets here. Pool View - Excellent view of the pool and strip.  We were on the 11th floor, which made for a great view. Gaming - This past time out, the limits on the tables weren't that bad.  I was actually stoked to see there were $5-10 tables available.  However, we only gambled in the wee hours of the morning and not the prime time hours.
I've often gambled here and bought the requisite Hard Rock Las Vegas souvenirs, but I've never stayed here.....until now. All I have to say to myself about that is: Why the hell did I wait so long to do so? From the moment I arrived to the Reservations counter to the time I checked out, I've never had such a smooth and comfortable stay. I got a corner room in the Paradise Tower on the 16th floor and was greeted with the best view I've had in Vegas. The left hand floor to ceiling window showed the 2 HRH pools while the right hand side window showed the LV Strip in all its glory. Another plus is that there were fewer drunken idiots there than I thought there would be! I saw people of all ages there, including this cute couple in their 60's hanging out at Center Bar Thursday night watching the NBA game. I've read previous posts about how comfortable the beds are here and have to agree 100% with them. It's not the best I've ever slept in but it ranks up in my top 5. . . While there I ate at Mr Lucky's, which is a personal fav of mine in Vegas. For players club members, the $4.99 steak & egg Graveyard special and the $7.77 Steak & Shrimp Gambler's special cannot be beat. (NOTE: They recently changed the hours for the Graveyard special from Midnight to Noon to Midnight to 8am). I also ate at Pink Taco which was pretty good but not spectacular. They have a pretty good happy hour special for 99 cents tacos and margaritas between 1-3pm and 9-11pm Monday through Thursday, I didn't get around to Johnny' Smalls for their AYCE Tapas but that is on my to do list for next time (NOTE: it's in the HRH Tower casino portion of the complex; I saw more than a few people walking down the corridor where the shops and some restaurants are looking for it). . . This brings me to the only "complaint" I have about this place. Anywhere you go inside a LV Casino, you see signs after signs directing you to restaurants, hotel towers, etc but none at the HRH. In the past, it was a pretty easy place to navigate since it was all in the round, so to speak but since the 2 expansions and renovations have doubled the size of it all, it would be a good idea to have better directions to give customers and guests on where to go (the property map they give you upon check in is good but really, how often is it looked at after you first get to your room and head out?). . . Overall, I had a wonderful stay and look forward to my next stay there in September.
I always have a good time when I go to the Hard Rock.  It's not a large casino, but the bar in the middle of the casino is an awesome spot to get a 360 view of the casino as well as meet a lot of drunk people.  LOL.  It's was a little late and since we didn't feel like going to the club, we posted ourselves at the bar and had some good times talking to random people.  They've got go-go dancers behind the tables climbing to the top of the poles, a 24hr restaurant (Mr. Lucky's), and a good ratio of guys and girls.  I've also been to their restaurant Ago, which is super chic and awesome food.  Highly recommend the Hard Rock for an overall good time (dinner, club, bar, gamble, in whatever order you like).
If you stay here I would suggest the main tower.  They actually have doors that open up to a balcony.
Been to Vegas 15+ times, have stayed exclusively at the HRH the last 4 years. BEST hotel for the 25-35 year old crowd. No kids to be seen, the pool parties are outrageous and the restaurants are good (Mr. Lucky's is my fav - cheap American food. Yum.) If you want to party don't stay anywhere else!! Oh and don't plan on leaving Sunday, stay until Monday and don't miss Rehab!
All the reviews I read indicated this place was hopping, but now I can say it myself: the Hard Rock is PART-AY central in Vegas.  Folks, this is not a place for families or for the family reunion with your grandma, unless she wants drunken frat boys running down the halls hollering . at her.. . Resort design - 4.5 stars.  The decor is very modern and subdued, and the common areas surprisingly did not completely reek of cigarette smoke.  I spent a good amount of time just wandering down the halls checking out all of their music memorabilia.. . I love the casino layout.  There's a mini pit in the middle of the circular room that you enter through, and the rest of the casino off to the side on the opposite side of the hotel towers.  This is the first Vegas resort I've been to where I didn't have to walk through a casino to get to my hotel room.  Noice.  Minus have a star because they blast music from the pool area from 11-6, making it difficult to nap in your room if it faces the pool area (ours did, and it was loud even on the 16th floor).. . Restaurants and bars - 3 stars.  I patronized Mr. Lucky's 24/7, Espumoso, and the Hard Rock Cafe adjacent to the resort, and was satisfied with all of them.  But I was kind of surprised there weren't more bars (just the casino bar) and there's no buffet!  What the heck is a Vegas resort without a buffet to gorge myself with?. . Pool - 3.5 stars.  Don't get me wrong, the pools are the best I've seen in Vegas- - they have about 5 different pools in their resort area, complete with waterfalls, sandy beaches, a dance area, infinity pools, and lounge chairs in the water.  But actually going to the pool is a complete pain in the ass.  The security is crazy - - they did a complete bag search and you can't even bring in water.  In fact, you can't walk in any of the outside areas with any food or drink on your person.  I have not yet experienced this, even at Mandalay Bay.  And 90% of the chairs available have a $100 food and drink minimum.  So annoying.  But I was able to figure out the system by Sunday and nabbed some seats in the non-Rehab pool.
It's been awhile since I've been here but it's pretty nice inside. I like that it's not on the strip but has enough stuff to do at the hotel.
I always stay at the Hard Rock when I come to Vegas. It's so convenient to go up stairs and drink in your room and go back downstairs to The Joint, their concert venue. There's ins and outs so you can get totally trashed for cheap. I think you get free admission to Vanity night club if you are a guest at the hotel. Plus, there are always celebrities there. I played Roulette with SOAD drummer, John. How sick is that? . . The HRH tower suites are very nice. They're spacious and well designed. I could live in the bathroom. There's a huge tub and a separate shower. I've never had an issue with noise, though I've always been in floors that are pretty high up. Although, the pool is sort of loud when they play music. . . The staff have always been friendly to me and twice I've been upgraded to a corner suite without asking.
great place to stay, rooms are awesome and not too expensive. Clubs and restaurants are great, plenty to do.
We stayed here when we saw Underworld perform nearby.. . I loved the look of it from the outside. The casino is amazing and 'The Joint' is fabulous. Hart and Huntington Tattoo was awesome to see.. . The room was a regular room and it wasn't anything fancy. You could have told me it was a Holiday Inn Express and I wouldn't have argued. It worked for us because we were out all night anyway. Location was key for us. I don't even remember walking back to the room to be honest.. . Also...the circular venues androoms and etc downstairs is confussing. I kept getting lost (not because I was drunk) but it was just confussing. I think if I were drunk and without my man, I could have gotten into trouble.... . We'll be back I'm sure and we'll try something new.
Even though it's a bit off the strip, it's not bad because they do have a shuttle to take you from the strip to the hotel. . . Playing card games on the machines at the circle bar is always pretty profitable and the it's the only casino I've ever won at on a slot. . . I've yet to have a bad time at wasted space and love seeing concerts at the venue. The pool is amazing (as long as its not a Rehab day. Too crowded for my taste). . No complaints about the room. Beds are comfy, showers have warm water and drain properly. What more do you really need in Vegas! . . Not a huge fan of the restaurants in the hotel, but the generous pours in the mixed drinks tend to alleviate hunger pangs. . . If you're looking for a change of pace/dive bar in the area, Double Down is is right around the corner.
My review is based on my stay in the HRH Tower suites so staying in something other then those YMMV. So here we go..... . Check In-. Quick, private, fast, and pain free. The desk was never super busy and the young lady was more then helpful and full of personality. Was in and out in 10 mins. . . Valet & Parking - Great my car never took more then 5 mins to arrive and the hotel is directly attached to the garage so other then check in and my first day I went ahead and switched to self parking. Something I would not do at pretty much any other vegas hotel.  . . *Pro Tip* The view from the top of the HRH towers parking garage is stellar it is a unobstructed full panorama of the strip and worth checking out.. . The room- . Awesome the decor, swanky ness, and features are out of this world for the price. I actually like the room more then my suite at the Encore from last trip but the Encore still has the nicest beds on the strip. . . The decor is dark especially in the bathroom and that may be off putting to some people. I found the room to be pure unadulterated awesome and have zero complaints. . . Casino-. Small and not very busy (I don't gamble much so not a big deal to me). . Restaurants-I was really surprised by the selection and quality of the food here. Oh and it's not over priced I would even go as far to say that for the convenience it's actually a bargain. Never had a bad meal and never broke the bank (I went to the strip and did that). . Cons-. The HRH towers are luxury and 5 star treatment the rest of the hotel feels the polar opposite. It's loud and crazy which is not necessarily a bad thing but it may be for some. If you don't have a car staying here could make getting to the strip a real pain. They only offer late checkout based on occupancy. . . Are you seeing me struggle to find bad things to say about this place?. That's because there aren't many. . . Overall Impression -. The staff is great, the casino is small, the location is nice if you don't care for the strip, the rooms are great, and the prices can't be beat.
Love the Hard Rock in Vegas. More of a younger crowd here and not a lot of gambling tables. This is more of a party hotel but a good one. They have a Nobu which is always great and a steakhouse called Rare 120 which is fabulous. Sundays there's the pool party, Rehab, which is always  a hit in the summer. Vanity is a decent club, not one of my fav's in vegas but fun to check out if your staying here. Plus, there's usually always deals going on for the rooms here, so sign up for there mailing list.
For my first time in vegas, I'm glad I made the decision to stay at the Hard Rock!  Even though the hotel itself is off the strip, I enjoyed every part that the Hard Rock had to offer.. . Upon check-in, we were upgraded to one of the rooms in the casino tower without knowing!  I remember we got there and we were in awe...was this really what we booked?! I absolutely was in LOVE with it!  I loved how we had a view of the pool, which, was disturbing during the weekends when all you want to do is sleep.  The music carries up into the rooms and sometimes, in the early AM, they do sound checks for their speakers...which sucks.  But, on the flip side, it was the most awesome way to wake up on the weekends, especially if Rehab is happening downstairs!  While I am sad I did not have the time to attend Rehab, I loved being able to rock out in the comfort of my own room to the DJs that were playing (and for the weekend I was there, I was excited that it was two DJs that knew how to get the party started!). . Anyway back to the rooms.  The beds were super comfy!  They were better than the bed I have back home here lol...and even right now, as I type this and remember the awesomeness of my room, I get a little "homesick".  The room was decently sized, it was large enough that when we had a few guests over everyone did not seem like they were cramped.  . . I am sad that during the course of my stay, that I did not have the time to visit all of the Hard Rock's many restaurants.  The next time I come back, I will defiantly make reservations to try out Ago or Nobu.  Happy hour at the Pink Taco was awesome and I recommend checking it out!   Overall, my stay in Vegas wouldn't have been as much fun if I had stayed anywhere else.  The music selection through the hotel lobby and the casino's made the experience there even more phenomenal...I remembered many moments of just stopping to sing along to the songs as we walked to the car on a night out on the strip or on the way back to the room to get rest for the following night out!  The vibe, atmosphere, and staff made my stay memorable and on my next adventure to Vegas, I will remember to book once more with the Hard Rock Hotel!
So It was a girls weekend away for my best friends bachlorette party & we chose the Hard Rock as our place to crash.. As soon as the girl at check in heard about our party we were bumped up to a nicer room. Love that!. The room was perfect as usual. And all the service was on point.. We loved our stay at the Hard Rock & cant wait to come back.
Good place for the twenty something's and young thirties. Only go there if you are ready to party. The Sunday rehab music is sooooo loud that you can't relax, especially if you are trying to recover in your room from Saturday night. The party ends at 6 but the music was on until 8 or 9 pm. On Monday they have Relax at the smaller pool. The other days they have music at the pool which creates a cool party vibe. The pool is huge with a beach area, slide for kids (and big kids), water fall, swim up gaming, and lots of lounge areas. Big huge pool with plenty of cabanas and beds to rent. Gorgeous landscaping with plenty of palm trees to shade you from the hot summer desert weather. $15 margaritas at the pool with strict security all over. The room as okay (Paradise Tower), nothing to write home about. We had a king suite with only a shower but the shower could fit 10 people. The place is a little run down (chipped wood, things falling apart, old furniture). Some cleaners must be blind because the first room we got was unacceptable. They rectified it by moving us to another room. . . I loved the casino and feel of the whole casino area. There are tons of memorabilia cases and rock n' roll artifacts. I loved walking around just to see what they had up. The restaurants were good and offer great deals with your players card. Check their website for more info on the times and what they have to offer because they don't tell you those things. Lucky 24/7 and Pink Taco were my favs. The night club seemed good by all the people lined up to go in. I didn't check it out though. They had poker tournaments and really tight slots. Some table minimums were $5. . . This hotel was good. Not really a place to come and relax. If your coming with your boys or girls to get wasted and party this is definitely the hotel to stay at. If you are going to Vegas with your family or just want to relax then try another joint.
99% of our 5 night stay here in late April was perfect:. . +The HRH corner suites spoiled me for life (rain shower and HUGE tube, double flat screens, comfy bed, killer music system) and we had a lovely view of the pool area AND the strip.. +Awesome dealers at the casino tables that were happy to teach me roulette, craps, and switch blackjack.. +Attentive hotel staff from check-in to check-out.  No snobbery I've seen mentioned in other rooms - see disclaimer about the 1% exception below.. +None of that suffocating feeling you find in the larger casinos and easy to navigate.. . Now for that less than perfect 1%:. Finding a place to sun bathe around the pool on Thursday at 11 am was almost impossible.  Note I said almost.  We finally found a grouping of five lounge chairs and settled into two.  About an hour later one of the pool attendants told us that area was closed and we'd have to leave... no posted sign, no rope cardoning the area off.  Then the guy proceeds to carry our chairs down the stairs in front of us and over to a cabana.  Real nice, huh?  The part that really grinds my gears is that I had tried to rent a vacant cabana for us -- there were plenty that were unreserved -- but couldn't find a single attendant to take my money.  And we were already both paying a daily pool area fee for each day of our stay.
Stayed here for 3 nights with my girlfriends. Our room was beautiful & the view was very nice! The beds are so soft, however the pillows were not very comfy.  Also, both times we asked for extra towels it took them forever to bring them up.  . The casino is good only if you're looking to gamble...table games. I'm not a big gambler so.... It's not on the strip or walk to the strip.  But I had a blast there.... Also I can't mention the Hard Rock without mentioning ReHab!!! OMG soooo much fun!!! MUST DO!!! Hotel guest can get in for free.  If you have more guest they pay but get in line with guests.  21+ only, even on Saturdays! sorry kids. Had a blast!
We got a free upgrade, not sure why.. . We stayed in a double double and it was the most spacious hotel room I've ever stayed in. And best yet, it was facing the pool! (saweet; we even took advantage of it and did a mini photoshoot! The pics came out fantastic... unfortunately it was a little exotic so sorry, no preview) I love the decor and the white sheets and blankets. Me and my girlfriend kept on saying, "OMG, I want to steal these blankets!". . I do not recall on having to ask for the hotel service for anything so I can't tell you how their service is like. The good thing is that we didn't run into any problems with the room. So, that's always a good thing.. . Oh, one thing though. as spacious the room was, the bathroom was pretty small. Which was a little disappointing. I guess they put more thought into the bedroom then the bathroom. (I don't know). . I would definitely return to this hotel as long as someone's willing to split the room rate withme. =]
I stayed here about 6 months ago with a few friends, and was greatly surprised as to how nice the room was.. . We were making a last minute trip and went on Vegas.com to find the lowest rate for a decent hotel and decided on Hard Rock, and I'm glad that we did!. . Otter than being off of the strip, I would not hesitate to stay here again!
I love the Hard Rock because it's off the strip, not as touristy, and, of course, it's classic rock n roll motif.  They have an awesome waterslide in the pool area and many pools to choose from with cool cabanas. This is usually my go-to hotel when I'm in town. I only wish my local Vegas friend liked hip hop because that puts a damper on her mood when DJs are playing at the pool.
Slightly off the strip, the Hard Rock Hotel is still a favorite for tourists to visit when they come to Vegas. The first moment you walk through the door, you can feel the rock n' roll electricity running through the air. I particularly enjoy the decor found throughout the hotel, from the leopard-print carpet in the elevators, to the legendary outfits and memorabilia worn by some of the most famous popular musicians in history. There are often hotel room parties going on any time, day or not. Rest assure, the walls are thick which still allows you to go to sleep easily. The rooms are large with plenty of space to walk around, unlike most hotels which makes you feel like you are residing in a closet. This hotel is large with a lot of hidden jewels inside, so make sure to have fun and explore the hotel. The last time I stayed here, the pool was being renovated, so it would have been nice to be able to hang pool-side a la true Vegas fashion. As previously mentioned, it's quite a bit off away from the main Vegas strip so you need to take a shuttle or taxi in order to get here if you are coming from elsewhere.
A solid 4 star hip and swanky joint. We stayed 2 nights, Sun & Mon, and paid $66/night. For that price, it really should be a 5 star, but lost one because their wifi policy only allows for one device per room. . . If you have the choice, stay in the Paradise Tower. It is s newer section and the room had the wow factor you expect from the HRH&C. Swanky decor, well laid out and spacious bathrooms, great showers, all exactly was you'd expect and well delivered.
I took my husband for his birthday this weekend, and I must say, we were very HAPPY with the accommodations. We stayed in the HRH Towers, and the bed was BANANAS! It is was soo plush and soft. It was really hard to get out of the bed to enjoy Vegas. . We had dinner at the Pink Taco, and the food was great..a bit slow on service, but not a really big deal.. I purchased a Cabana for a beach party on Saturday, and the hostess was great, I think her name is Tiffany. I booked it with Aliyah, and she was awesome as well. . We ordered room service every morning, and the lady that answered the phone, Belinda was great. I am really happy with everything. I will certainly be back to the Hard Rock with my girlfriends to party!. . Thanks Hard Rock, we had a blast in more ways than one ;-)
As long as you have a car, it's a good place to stay since it's off the strip.  There are plenty of taxis waiting if you want to go that route too.  The room was updated, modern, had nice comfy beds.  The only complaint we had was that the safe malfunctioned.  My husband wasn't able to get it open.  Three different employees had to come open it.  It took them about 45 minutes.  They waived the ridiculous $20 resort fee after my husband complained.  The best thing is that you hear good music throughout the hotel and casino, not the regular stuff you hear in the other hotels.  If you like to workout, take advantage of the gym.  It is very well equipped and it's part of the resort fee anyway.
Best place for rolling dice or playing blackjack.  Reason - GREAT music played in the Casino.  If you are legitimately into music, you will like staying here.  Fantastic stay with newly renovated rooms.  Off the strip, but you won't be sorry.  One of my favorite places on earth.
Love the rooms and the casino. The pool area is awesome!!!  I've stayed there every year for the past 16 years.  IMO you can't beat the Hard Rock beds.
Just got back from a 5 day trip, never really left the HR the entire time. . . Good:. - Food (Mr Lucky's) . - Pool We enjoyed the pool more than the Mirage's. The music is loud in spots. The sand and the shade are nice. . -Room was clean, lots of space.. . Bad . - Drinks are slow to the table games. Much better luck playing video poker at a bar. . - Other minor stuff like taking forever to check in, keys stopped working at one point, entire sections of the pool being closed at weird times for special events. . . Oh, and the resort fee blows, of course.
Overall:  8.5 out of 10. . Summary:  Stayed 4 nights in casino tower (thus - sun) in SEPT of 2011.  I am glad we tried it, but I don't see myself going back mostly because of the cost, and it is off thestrip.  . . (+). 1.  Room was great.  Clean and nice, very comfortable bed and great bathroom.  . 2.  Pool was unbelievably awesome.  Fun, all adults only.. 3.  Quality hotel in general.  . 4.  House keeping was on top of cleaning and was convenient.. 5.  good restaurants.. . . (-). 1.  experienced multiple times of bad drink service while gambling.  Two different days at different table games, waitresses took over 30 minutes just to come to take orders (HORRIBLE).  Even when I did see them on a 'regular' basis, they are slower when compared to the many other places I have been to (caesars, flamingo, etc).. . 2.  Sunday REHAB pool.  The pool was just as fun on friday and saturday.  On sunday, it is like airport security where you are padded down and everything searched, and lots of lines, and just a turn off in my opinion.  The wrong GHETTO crowd was attracted as well = horrible.. . 3.  They are on their own rewards program, so I couldn't use points towards the stay.  And their table games didn't seem to be as good at earning points.. . . Overall, I would rather stay at a place on the strip where I can use HARRAHS points and have more options of places to walk to.
Even with the occasional hiccups, I still love the Hard Rock. The original rooms are fun. The new rooms in the HRH tower are quite fab and modern. And I just love how everything has a rock 'n' roll element to it - which as a big music fan, I truly appreciate. The rates are never too bad or pricey. The spa is good. The pool is awesome. The restaurant selection is decent. And the place is always hoppin' with lots of folks finding their inner rockstar. Even if you aren't staying here, this is a great place for grabbing a drink at the center bar, playing some table games, checking out a show, and/or walking around and seeing all the memorabilia.
Went here for a bachelorette party and got hooked up with a massive suite (see pictures I posted). They totally fucked up our reservation but they made it up by placing us in a massive suite. It had a bar, 1 bathroom plus a massive master bathroom, large bedroom, large living room and dining area. The service was not that great but the room upgrade really made up for it.
THIS IS AN UPDATED REVIEW. . I wrote a pretty nasty review of the HR back in April. Having been a loyal customer for over 12 years I had seen the place change over the years for the better and then for the worse and now I can once again say I have seen a change for the better.. . Back in April I vowed to never stay at or visit HR again after the way I was treated, I travel to Vegas 6-10 times a year and I know what else is out there. Well I decided to give HR one more shot this past weekend, I was given a complimentary suite in the new HRH tower as well as some comped meals. As always the rooms were very clean, great houskeeping and great overall hotel staff. Some of my gripes in the past included poor comping and last minute room changes from HRH tower to old tower.. . My NEW casino host (and all my friends I was with's host) really went out of his way to take care of us this time after we were vocal about our past experiences. I will definetly be returning to HR for future vists.
After a few years and Many trips to VIVA staying at many places on the strip , staying at the Hard Rock, is like going back Home . small , easy to get to rooms , nice comfy beds , great sound system in the Room , open the french doors and got a nice fall breeze in the room , or open the doors and  watch the Craziness of rehab at The Pool. After many years away , I'm glad I stayed Here again.
If you're in the mood to party, this is the the casino to stay at.. . I LOVE gambling and am a married woman...so this hotel is not exactly catered to someone like me, but my friend is single and talked us into staying here for a recent trip with all of our friends.  The room is comfortable and nice and the pool view is amazing.  I love the music they play in the casino and bar area, and actually, although it's small, I did very well in the casino.  I won a decent amount and played all weekend.  The verdict is still out on how well they comp you for playing...all I know is I better get a free suite the next time I come!  . . Back to my review.  The room is very nice and, as I said, the pool view is amazing, BUT the music starts seriously bumping around 9:00 a.m., and considering we were on the 3rd floor with a pool view room, we were NOT going to get to sleep in or take a nap, which is no bueno when we roll in at 6:00 a.m.!  My friend was upgraded to a suite in the casino tower and the view of the strip was absolutely amazing!  The room was nice and the room service was pretty good (we ordered breakfast).. . They also have a decent selection of food/restaurants here...Pink Taco and Johnny Smalls are my fave!. . I am somewhat partial to the MGM casinos because I love my rest and love to be on the strip, but if you're in the mood to party there is no doubt that this is the place to be!
We stayed at the HRH Paradise Tower Sunday and Monday nights and liked it a lot.  We did wander off to other more extravagant hotels to play but felt most at home at the HRH and the machines paid better. I had a great time entering a Texas Holdem Tournament which lasted a long time for just a $60 buy-in.  Good food and service at the Pink Taco and the hotel staff were all very friendly.
I use to come to this casino and wished it was bigger. I read some news a while ago that Hard Rock had a new President and was going to change things around at the Vegas location. So I decided to drop by and check them out. . . The decor is bright and welcoming. And the atmosphere is much nicer than before. . . When I first visited this casino, (a few years back) it was small. Like you could walk around the whole place in about 10 minutes.  Now, they've expanded to where the casino has another room which includes tons of slot machines, more tables, and a baccarat salon. :) Their sportsbook is pretty awesome as well. (see my review on Hard Rock Hotel Sportsbook). . Gambling is fun there as well. The casino dealers and pit bosses are nice as well. . . If you can, check out the Artist Hall. It's pretty cool too. They have tons of pics of many famous artists. And some pretty cool guitars too. . . At night, this place becomes one big social scene. Some say it's where all the cool kids hang out.. But everyone should come at least once for the experience. . . Maybe sometime I'll actually stay here. I've heard good things.. . A good place.. I'll definitely be back!
With the amount of musician decor and memorabilia placed in the lobby and around the Hard Rock Hotel's hallways, this is truly a rocker's paradise hotel!. . My friend booked the Hard Rock for Halloween weekend.  4 nights for a bit less than $500 for the weekend was a great!. . OUR ROOM: Standard Double Queen bed Room in the Paradise Tower. *Beds & pillows were comfy, although I wish the pillows were a bit less fluffy. *iPod dock & mounted LCD tv. *Plenty of closet & drawer space. *Safe to store your valuables. *Room lighting SUCKS.  It's basically dark all the time.  Ladies, the only place you'll be able to do your makeup is in the bathroom. *My complaint is the poorly thought out shower.  The shower is not elevated nor is there a raised part to keep the water from not splattering out into the bathroom.  Oddly, there is also a bench in the shower which you can fold up.  Being that we left the bench down to keep our shower toiletries on, it took up a lot of room.. . LOCATION:. Even though you're off strip, cab rides are pretty cheap.  It was less than $10 to get to the Cosmopolitan and about $13 to get to Encore. . NOTE:. *$20.16/day mandatory resort fee. *Fitness room is available for use. *Rooms are a good walking distance from the lobby/casino area. *If you request items to be delivered (i.e. towels, toilet paper, etc.), they will not knock on your door if you have your "Do not disturb" sign on....dumb, I know. *Be careful of the minibar on the counter and the fridge items, they're sensor activated. *There is a 24 hour diner - Mr. Lucky's (important to get your drunk eats on). *There is a jewelry store which I think may be 24 hour.  If we knew that it was open, we would've suggested that the guys who proposed to us on night 1 at Tryst, make it an official proposal. . POOL:. Hard Rock is the home of the infamous summer pool party, Rehab.  Pool parties typically end by the end of September, but the pool was still open Halloween weekend.  My friend and I decided to visit the pool on Friday...what did we learn?  The pool water feels like ice water!!!  There was a slide that we were determined to go down, but after thinking about being dunked and having to walk back to our room freezing, we decided that probably wasn't the smartest way to go.  We were way too hungover on Saturday and Sunday to visit the pool like we intended to, but I did walk by on my way to pick up some food.  To my surprise, the pool was cracking!  There were tons of people dancing to house and hip hop music blaring over the speakers.
The Hard Rock Is one of the hippest hotels In Las Vegas even despite it's age. The HR is what I like to call the All-In-One type hotel, with 2 night clubs, a day club, over 7 restaurants, a concert venue, a Lingerie shop, and a Tattoo Palor the Hard Rock truly roks! They also have a bar In the center of the casino which Is good for groups and good times with pals.. . Pink Taco, Hard Rocks cooky Mexican restaurant has a Happy Hour on Mondays thru Friday from 4pm-7pm.
I have stayed here twice in my life time and I enjoy it every time. Once in the casino tower and once in the paradise tower.  One of the major reason why I enjoy it is because everything you need in Vegas is right in the hotel. You would never need to leave. No it is not on the strip but walking the strip can be overrated. When I stay here the club is awesome, the restaurants, mostly pink taco is awesome, the gambling is awesome, the hotel itself is awesome, the employees are nice and the pools are awesome. . . Only issues I have ever had is room service getting out meal completely messed up, which they comped us for, and sometime you can hear to music from the pool area at 09:00 am. When I want to sleep in the last thing I want to hear is Snoop Dog. . . The rooms are clean. It doesn't smell like smoke like some of the other hotels do.  They have a Starbucks which is real nice. And they have an awesome players club where you can win prizes. I am only about $600.00 away of game play time until I earn that Hard Rock Hotel min backpack. HA HA. . . Whatever you do Whatever though do not touch the mini fridge. It is on a weight system and if you even touch it then they charge you a gross amount of money which is ridiculous. That is my only grip so I don't touch it not even when I am drunk and I really want to. . . So I like the Hard Rock and have turned many of my friends onto the hard rock. If you like Vegas but are getting tired of the strip defiantly give this place a go.
Visited here just one night just with $50(+$20 resort fee, which includes valet parking, wifi, etc...) and it's nice. I dont know its normal fee but was just 50 during Thanksgiving.
Best beds ever... the room may have been a little small for my liking, but I could curl up and die with one of the pillows or blankets. Bartenders know what they're doing, but seem a little rushed some of the time, and some of the prices are a wee bit steep.. Always can find a good time somewhere in HRH..
A nice, big hotel and casino in Vegas.  Shame it's not on the strip, but it kind of creates its own little world anyways, so it doesn't totally end up mattering.  The club inside is cool, especially when you get in free like we did.  The pool areas are nice, but nothing special.  The staff in the casino is reasonably nice, but some of the wait staff on the casino floor could be a little better.  The check in staff, etc is great.  . . We booked last minute via Hotel Tonight and got a great rate, plus an upgrade upon arrival.  The room was super nice and very large.  My only complaints are that our balcony door didn't properly lock and that the pool music was on from like 8am to 1am, which meant early wake ups since our window was right next to the speaker.. . They have a shuttle to and from the strip in theory, but only 10am - 5pm.  We didn't end up using it.  We just walked.  It's only like 4 blocks.. . All in all, a pleasant experience at the Hard Rock.  After visiting some of the other hotels and casinos while there, I was very happy with our choice (and rate).
This is by far my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  I'm feeling list-y, so here's why:. . 1) It's upbeat.  So many hotels in Las Vegas are starting to feel like museums and/or Westfield shopping centers.  When I walk into the Hard Rock, I'm immediately ready to have fun.  . . 2) It's unpretentious, but still clean and not-sketchy.  While I'm sure they do in their own way, this doesn't seem like the kind of place that's shamelessly catering to "high rollers" and mega-gamblers.  Most of the clientele seems to be in Vegas just to have a good time, whether that's at a show, on the strip, or at the bar (see point #1).. . 3) Great rooms.  Both times I've visited I've lucked out with huge corner rooms (without upgrading) and the decor is fun and different.  Beds are AMAZING too.. . 4) It's convenient. Yes, it's off the strip.  What you lose in strip-proximity, you gain in other amenities.  There's a CVS right across the street for stocking up with supplies (drinks, snacks, etc.), as well as a 24-hour pizza place and the always-delicious Hofbrau House.  Restaurants in the hotel are pretty killer as well.
If you are a huge music fan, this is the place to stay and gamble!  I really like the vibe and atmosphere.  This is more of a younger crowds hang out, but I do love gaming action, restaurants and the fact that it is away from the strip.
Well, I hadnt been to the hard rock in a long time and I went to see a friend who was recently hired there.   This place has come a long way since I last saw it.  The HRH tower is gorgeous along with the pool, special valet and VIP check in.  Its Nice enough to compete with some of the nicer strip properties while at the same time not completely over the top to seem snobbish like a lot of the elite properties.     The staff was incredibly nice to me even when I wasnt with my friend.  They also look like they have an incredibly fun season ahead of them - signing motley crew for a residency.. I am definitely going to that one!   The Joint an awesome place to watch a show or any event for that matter... Overall I was thoroughly impressed with how far they have come... and it looks like they are going to continue the trend of putting money into the place.... cant wait to see the changes!
We had a great time at Hard Rock. It may be off the strip, but I still had a great time. I imagine it's even better in the summer when the pools' open.. . We stayed in the Paradise Tower which had a view of the pool and the Strip. The room was dim lit, but was otherwise comfy.  We ate at Pink Taco, Mr Luckys and Johnny Smalls. I recommend the latter and suggest you best get the eat all you can tapas coz the a la carte is expensive for a tapas place. Pink Taco had a $5 for 5 tacos and $1 frozen margaritas but the hubby said the drink was too sweet.  Food in general at the Hard Rock is expensive and mediocre, but I would go back at Johnnys for the deal.
the room itself is HUGE! the bathroom is a bit small and the soap makes you very dry. The bed is decent but the pillows are very uncomfortable!
Overall I was very happy with my choice of hotel.. . We found a groupon for two nights at the Hard Rock for $160. That seemed like a good deal, so we went for it. When we tried to use it to book the same night, we were told that the person who could book the groupon deals was gone, and when i called first thing the next morning, i was told most nights had already been booked up. The earliest available night was Christmas. That was a little later then i had been planning, but worked out alright for us anyway. Then we are told that only two queen bed rooms are available, oh and we get to pay $20 extra bucks a night for the privilege. I was a little pissed.. . This all made me kind of regret my choice, but we were locked in. When we arrive on Christmas, the self-parking was rather confusing, but we finally arrive at check-in. The lobby was very nice, and the guy checking us in was very helpful. I happened to mention we really wanted a king bed room, and he found one for us! Very happy about that. We also got a bunch of vouchers with our deal, 4 free drinks, $40 to spend at one of three of their restaurants. . . The room was gorgeous. The bathroom was fabulous. Separate toilet room, then a huge glass enclosed shower area. Beautiful marble (or fake marble) double sink. The bed was soo comfy, especially we had stayed in hotels with crappy beds on our drive down to Vegas. Down everywhere. Very cool looking room.. . The gambling area (after seeing the places on the strip), was a little underwhelming and small. Drinks were fine. We ordered room service once, which we thought was reasonably priced, and very tasty. Also went to Pink Taco, which I wasn't exactly thrilled with. I think they could do with a bit more variety of restaurants. . . I would stay here again in a heartbeat, but would spend my time on the strip and at other places for eating, entertainment, and gambling.
*This review is based on staying one night in the Paradise Tower in the winter (I say this because I'm imagining the Hard Rock being a very different scene in the summer when Rehab is open and fully functional)*. . My buddy and I were coming into town a night early before my bachelor party kicked off. We wanted to stay somewhere neither of us had been to before, so we chose the Hard Rock based on that and he had found a sweet deal (expensive week with the CES trade show in town). We didn't realize it was so far off the strip, but we thought no biggie.. Checking in, the front desk was really friendly to us, and gave us a free upgrade. We ended up being in the Paradise Tower, which we thought was the newer part of the hotel (?). Our room was great...no complaints at all. The room seemed newer, and the bathroom was actually nice...overall I liked it. We had a great view, which was directly above Rehab (amazing how large that whole pool area is). Outside noise was virtually non-existent. We didn't really hang in the casino much so I don't have any good or bad info for it. All in all I was impressed with the stay, and would definitely consider going back.
I love the memorabilia at this location!  They have the best than any other Hard Rock location I've seen around the world.  The casino is nice and not over done.  I personally go here just to get to the Pink Taco :-)
I really enjoyed stay in HR. I loved their SPA.... The bed was TOO soft to sleep...well...I had a back shoulder ache.. When my wife and I checked out, they were doing some work with a lot of mattress,,, changing a BED??? after I've been through all the pain.... Maybe that is why they have a nice SPA with Jaccuzzzzzzzi.... However, I got really GOOD deal through Groupon. . It was good. I loved it... Love to go back...
Just came back from a 4 night stay at the Hard Rock. We got a great Groupon deal and no problems with booking. The room was big and comfortable. The beds were fabulous! Probably the best beds I've ever had in a hotel. We were in the Paradise Tower. . . As far as the other yelpers complaining about the distance from the casino to the tower, all I can say is you need to get out and walk more in your everyday life! Sheesh, you must not get any exercise, because it only takes a couple of minutes! . . As others have noted, the room was a bit dark, but not a problem. Don't lift any of the provided food items or you will be charged whether you eat them or not!. . The customer service was great and the younger, rocker crowd was a nice change from the other places I've stayed which are on the strip. Restaurant were all good, but of course, over priced. They have a shuttle that takes you to the strip, but we just used a taxi since we didn't want to wait. Only $10 (including tip) to get to the middle of the strip or airport. . . The Adult Entertainment industry were having a conference when we were there. Some interesting folks! When having breakfast at Mr. Lucky's in the hotel, I looked up to see Ron Jeremy in the next booth. What a trip.. . We enjoyed being off the strip, but it's not for everybody.
The suite at the HRH tower was really nice for the price we paid. It was a great place to party before heading out to Vanity. If you call the concierge before 9pm they'll get you on the list for Vanity and you'll get in right away so that was a great perk. We continued the party late into the night and never got a noise complaint. Good spot to have a great time.
WARNING: this review contains the word "schlep" . . The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino has a real innovative interior design that I can't even get into without writing a 4 page review. Its fuckin Incredible! . . I probably would NOT stay here again ONLY because its a little too far from the main strip for my liking and at times it can be a real schlep, hassle and a buzz-kill. . . If you plan on going to the ReHab pool party that they have out back, you wont fit in unless you are pumped full of steroids, have breast implants, tanned, etc.
I would have to say that for being off the strip, I really like being at the Hard Rock. Over the past two weekends I have been there (NYE and AVN) I have been quite star struck as of late :-). . But what I like most is that the few times I have stayed here now, I have booked last minute through HotelTonight app on my iPhone for just over 100 dollars. And both times I had an awesome room - 1 in the south tower that was a suite and one that was in the Casino tower overlooking the very cold and uninhabited rehab pool (it IS winter you know). . . The bar down in the middle of all the poker tables has this special architectural feature to it that when you are sitting there.... you hear everyone else's conversations as if they were participating in your own... so mind you, watch what you say if you are actually gossiping about someone across the bar; or don't if you actually want the hot chic across the way to know that you think shes slammin :-). . I have had some good times at Vanity and Body English; I have seen Tiesto from the tables at the Joint and I heave enjoyed every evening I have ever experienced in the whole that is Hard Rock Hotel. Budget friendly if you are on your P's and Q's (HotelTonight & Hotels.com)
This place is off the hook from when you walk in.  Rock music blasting.  Dancers are beautiful. The circle bar is fantastic.  The drinks are expensive but that is Vegas - just gamble and tip the cocktail waitress.  See a show here, any show!!
First time staying at this resort and would stay again. Plenty going on and great location to airport and decent walk to Vegas strip.. Oh and Motley Crue was playing there, Awesome venue and show
As usual a good time at the HR.  Motley Crue was awesome for sure.  You always meet good people at the hard rock and I enjoy myself there. They have quasi "sold out" and became very commercial. It did loose it's quaintness over the past eight or so years.
Big fan of the casino, staff and the HRH Towers. The casino tower and the main registration leaves MUCH to be desired. They are fine if you are going to be in your room too much - but these rooms need an update. . . Staying in the HRH tower you have a seperate registration, updated larger rooms and some badass showers. This tower is the way to go! . . If you like rock n roll, wearing black, ripped jeans, black eyeliner, fishnets and are a general bitchin person - you will enjoy your stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.
My review is strictly from the viewpoint of a convention goer and not as a hotel guest.  I've been to the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino for two different conventions in the last two years and I really enjoy the venue.  The location is its only downfall as it is far from the rest of Vegas.  However, what's great is the intimate size of the hotel and its venue space.  . . Most recently I attended the AVN Adult Entertainment Expo, which was held in The Joint at the Hard Rock.  The layout was much different than previous years, but was something new and exciting.  The show utilized three different rooms and it all worked well, with the Awards finishing the four day event.  The rather small Hotel & Casino made it easy to sneak out and get a bite to eat at Mr. Lucky's or Pink Taco and do a bit of gambling.  The only thing I do not understand is why the hotel is so dark. The press room was especially dark and it was a bit difficult to get some work done.. . Nevertheless, the hotel is awesome. It makes for a different kind of Vegas experience.  There's plenty of drinking, gambling, and partying going on, but nowhere near the amount of the Venetian, Cosmopolitan, or the Bellagio.  I didn't attend any of the clubs inside the Hard Rock, but I did try some of their dining options.  Mr. Lucky's is great and you can't go wrong with the 7-7-7 deal, which is a salad, steak, shrimp, and mashed potatoes all for $7.77.  Also, Pink Taco is not a bad option for late nighteating.  The Mexican food is pretty bland and nowhere near the quality of real taqueria's, but not bad for a Hard Rock interpretation.. . Overall, I'd like to actually stay at the Hard Rock for a few days, but not my entire visit in Vegas, as there's much more to do on the strip.  However, I'd love to spend a few days in a more quiet and relaxed atmosphere, which the Hard Rock would be perfect for.  Lastly, I'd love to see what all the hype is surrounding Sunday's Rehab.
Woot, woot!  I snagged a Groupon deal for my birthday weekend celebration.  Thankfully, the rooms were large enough to accommodate three girls quite comfortably.  The amenities were lacking though; no robes or coffee in the rooms.  We couldn't get our tissue box replaced and they didn't take the dirty dishes from the room.  Basically, it seemed as though room service only made the bed each day.  . . The gaming floor offers a decent variety of slots, tables and great music.  I appreciate the rocker clientele and the lack of kids.  In the wee hours of the morning I even got to play slots two machines down from Tommy Lee.  The drink service on the floor is a little rare but once you cozy up to the bar, the bartenders keep the convo going. . . Each night we were given free entry into Vanity, which was a decent place.  Plus, once the concierge discovered it was my birthday weekend he hooked it up!  A pile of free drink tickets and even a coupon redeemable for a bottle.. . It's about a $7 cab ride to the strip but well worth the stay away from the throngs of people.
We didn't stay, but the hubby played blackjack and we wandered.  I loved the atmosphere!  I never like watching the hubby play (and I don't gamble) so usually being stuck at a table is like watching paint dry, but not at the Hard Rock. It is perfect for people watching!  Stripper poles, huge TVs in the sports betting area, memorabilia, and generally crazy  Vegas people.  We were there for the Crue show so they had a rocker on stilts, a scantily clad chicky on stilts and a demented clown walking around entertaining.  . . The place is small (compared to some of the behemoths on the strip), but that is nice.  It is easy to find the restaurants, easy to get to the joint and makes it a nice walk to check out all the music memorabilia.  I loved it, I would even consider staying here, it had a great vibe! . . Tip:  Go out the side door to catch a cab after a show or if the front taxi line is a mile long, the cabbies drop off there and will just pick you up and you will be on your way!
I went here one time for the Bud Light Pool Party in 2011 and I may have really enjoyed my stay because of the all inclusive drinks, food, and stay.  But I had a fabulous time, the staff were awesome and the pools are great.  I think if I didn't have to leave I could have spent my whole vacation at the restaurant with concert venue, restaurants, pools, casino, Vanity night club, and bars.  . . The rooms are gorgeous with the lay out, decor, and bathroom set up.  Our room was on the pool side so waking up to music blasting at the pool can be an annoyance for people who are sensitive to noise early in the morning/afternoon.  . There is also a Starbucks for guests who need their morning caffeine fix.  . . Be careful not to touch anything in the mini bar even to pick up and examine because they are sensitive and will charge automatically.  I only noticed when I was playing with the tv and saw I could view our statement and noticed that we were charged when my friend one drunken night decided to pull everything out of the fridge to put her Mr. Lucky's left overs.  REMINDER: DON'T LET FRIENDS GET DRUNK AND PULL EVERYTHING OUT OF THE MINI BAR TO STORE HER LEFT OVERS!!!. . This hotel is not on the strip but a cab drive way, the hotel is great to stay at but if you want to be in walking distance of the strip stay somewhere else.
Love this hotel!!!
As good as any of the Hard Rock Cafes I have beento. Great ambiance and food. Always a sure hit!
Planned a fabulous vacation from monday through thursday a couple years ago in May. Stayed in the Paradise room, the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in, like being devoured by a huge marshmallow. The room was made of sexy blacks, reds and greys something i really liked. The shower was huge my only complaint no where for me to balance my foot and shave properly. I'm a fan of the hotel,check in was quick so much to look  at I love rock so I was in awe. They had Coachella photos all over the wall ( RHCP, Rage, etc) which I went to that year and it brought back memories. It was quite a walk to our room elevators from the lobby but there were many stores around coffee shop, little market, restaurants. The one thing I didn't like was Mr. Luckys 24 hour restaurant we arrived at 2am and were seated only to wait a long time for any service but I noticed everyone else being sat after us was greeted right way so we got up and left. Ordered some room service but the food wasn't very good we got a reuben sandwich, cheeseburger, quesadilla and a fresh baked brownie. Everything tasted average, the brownie was like a store bought one and the room service charge was 18% so our bill was $80, wish we would've gone to an actual restaurant for that price and quality. Other than that would definitely look forward to coming back!
My friend works for NASCAR ... The week leading up to race weekend ... He decided to whisk me away for a getaway on my vacation month... We had VIP check in in the HRH Tower.Loved the spacious room... The beautiful bathroom... The Love Notes Order In Room Service ... That's pretty cool, if you are feeling naughtily so inclined to be cuffed ! The beds are super  comfy ....like melting into something that you just should.... Not to hard... not too soft... If you know what I mean...:-) And that is always a good thing... I fell in love with the lotion...& wanted to know where to get more & the very sweet maid handed off a ton to me when I ran out in the hall to ask her where I could purchase it... I still need to know where to order this lotion though! Hard Rock to me is an enclave off the strip.. Almost like  the cool kids club... I originally thought I'd miss not being at my MGM and in the center of it all... But the HR is so happening it didn't matter. There are lots of eateries .. You can't go wrong with the Pink Taco.. Or late night drunchies at Lucky 7... The many bars in the center . We had a private Denali and a awesome driver, Ron, take us over to Club Hyde @ The Bellagio one of our nights here as my cool friends apparently had the hook up:-) However, you truly don't have to ever leave the HR because whatever you want that iscool and trending is here... Vanity and Rehab... The pools and cabanas are beautiful.. & then stumble back up to your room.. For some of those love notes ...or the mini bar... Or the bed?! Remember to hang the 'Tied Up' on the door...  Gotta love Vegas Baby..:-)
I have stayed here at least half a dozen times so I can't believe I have never written a review.  The Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas has changed a lot over the last few years.  When my husband and I first started going there about 10 years ago the clientele was sort of an odd mix of drunk frat boys on spring break and douchey bachelor parties contrasted with older hippie biker dudes (you know the kind with the leather vest and a long grey braid down their back) and their lady companions.  But we liked coming here as a break from the gaudy themed casinos with the overdone glitz and glamor. It was casual and laid back with just enough hard edge to scare away the families (why people bring their kids on vacation to Las Vegas I will never understand).. . After the upgrades and expansion done in '08-'11 this is a very different place but still has that cool rock and roll feel that is trademark Hard Rock.  The rooms in the Paradise tower and the new suites are really luxurious and have all the bells and whistles we expect from a Vegas hotel.  Everything is shiny metal and black leather and velvet.  Very masculine but sexy at the same time.  I still prefer the more femininely pretty decor of the rooms in Paris or Bellagio but I just love the casino at Hard Rock.  It is now double the size it once was but it is still small enough that you can't get lost (sounds silly but that has happened to me in Cesar's more than once).  The Center Bar is still great for people watching and fantastic drinks when you are ready to take a break from the gambling.  Their concert venue, The Joint, is vastly improved from the way it was before.  No more folding metal chairs, this place has box seats and a kick-ass bar right in the venue.  They have also added more cool restaurants and hip shopping options and a fantastic salon and spa.  Their pool parties in the summer are legendary, they have a tattoo parlor on site, and a hot lingerie store... but none of that is really my thing.  But I do enjoy the restaurants on property and listening to some cool music while playing the slots.  Oh, and the other reviewers are not lying about how comfortable the beds are!. . The new Hard Rock is really great option in Vegas if you want a luxury experience that does not feel pretentious.  If you consider yourself to be edgy (tattoos, piercings, in a band) then you will love it here but even if you aren't I guarantee that you will still be able to make yourself at home.
The HRH Tower suites are pretty incredible.  The rooms are spacious and the decor is well done and modern.  The service was amazing.  The employees were all prompt, courteous, helpful and very friendly.  Especially Michael at the front desk.  . . The rock memorabilia and photos everywhere are give the place a fun, unique feel.  The casinos aren't as smoke-filled as I expected them to be, based on otherreviews.  Especially the one nearest to the HRH Tower.  The pool areas are beautiful.  I went in early spring, so Rehab hadn't started yet, but I'm sure it gets pretty insane when it does.  . . The room service meal was much better than most hotels'.  I was impressed with the quality of steak they served.  I also ate at Pink Taco where the food was better than expected.  I did some shopping at Love Jones and Affliction.  The salesgirls were fantastic.  GREAT service!. . I spent a day at the Reliquary Spa.  It was absolutely beautiful, very clean, well-stocked and comfortable.  I had a manicure done at the salon by Michelle.  She really did a superior job.  The juice bar was really good too. The super fruit smoothie is killer!. . I had an extremely pleasant experience at the Hard Rock.  The vibe wasn't pretentious.  Everyone was laid-back and friendly.  The service was impeccable.  I would definitely stay here again.
Despite the douchey "Affliction" vibe of this place it's a pretty fun place to stay. There's a constant party in the pool area, the rooms are pretty nice, and I even got a few comped bottles of booze. . . Definitely a recommend for anyone who wants to have the stereotypical crazy party weekend in Vegas. If you want to be lame and quiet this isn't the place.
great music, great food, great rooms, great vibe, great hotel. very little emphasis on gambling, just folks having a good time.
We stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel&Casino for our three nights in Vegas. Overall I really enjoyed my stay and wouldn't mind rooming here again. Upon entering, we were greeted with blaring rock music, dim lights and strewn around the hotel were glass cases of famous outfits worn by famous artists like Christina Aguilera, Madonna, Mick Jagger, and Michael Jackson. We stayed in the old Casino Tower on the 10th floor. . . First, the rooms were nothing like I imagined as I was so used to the generic bad-carpet-design-with-dim-lighting-and-scratchy-uncomfy-beds sort of hotel rooms. I was surprised that the room itself was spacious and that "there's so much more room for activities!" (Stepbrothers) The room had two framed photographs of the Beatles and Jimi Hendrix, which were a nice touch, pretty musical-note carpet, and a nice black headboard against the wall where the bed is. The room included a huge flat-screen tv, black-out curtains as well as a door that opened so that fresh air could get in and out. The bathroom was small but nice. However, our shower dial thing immediately popped off when I tried showering the first night. Our bed was super soft, and although I prefer firm beds, I slept like a lil' babby in it. . . Second, I wished that this hotel was located directly on the strip because it was so hard to get things to and from each place. Each day we had to think about what we needed before proceeding to exit the hotel just so we didn't have to come back in the middle of the day (which did happen multiple times). There IS a shuttle that takes you from the hotel to the Fashion Show Mall at the end of the strip BUT it stops at 5 PM. That's unfortunate for those night owls who are partying away on the strip. . . Third, the hotel charges a resort fee per day for their pool area, gym, Internet, and other utilities. It was kinda lame because we didn't use any of these except for the Internet. NOTE!!: The hotel charges an extra $14 or so per device per room. So if you're on the Internet on your iPad, you can't also have your laptop on the Internet unless you want to be charged this extra fee. . . Fourth, the hotel gave us vouchers for a free bottle of selected liquor as well as like 15% off stuff at their store. We took advantage of the free alcohol and partied by ourselves while watching the Travel channel (party hard! HAHA). . . Fifth, there IS a dress code applied after 8PM wherein the bf said was when "the sluts come out." It wasn't clear what dress code meant (slutty? PJ party? costumes?) so I did walk out in sweats once or twice. I kinda got the feeling that the Hard Rock Hotel is mainly for those tanned-to-a-crisp-douchebag-wears-sunglasses-indoors-with-iced-tips-and-pink-polos-trashy-listens-to-Nickelback-and-worships-Meatloaf type of people. :x I am not one of them. . . In the end, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The employees were nice and helpful, rooms were clean and spotless, and the hotel stayed true to its form.
Having scored a Groupon deal, us four girls shared a room for 4 nights and each of us paid roughly $60 in total, Hard Rock is pretty awesome. As much as I'd prefer staying on the strip, a cab ride to the strip is only around $10-15 (highly depending on how friendly the driver is). . . They've got a Starbucks to keep you from sleeping, a convenience store stocked with coconut water, aka the best hangover cure after pho, and a juice bar that delightfully incorporates alcohol in your supposedly healthy, fruity smoothie. . . Plus, who doesn't want to spend the entire week of Spring Break waking up to a badass DJ spinnin' sweet tracks by the pool? Life in Vegas is so surreal.
Since I was about ten years old, I have been collecting Hard Rock pins from all over the world. When a friend would travel somewhere, they would bring me a unique lapel pin. I probably have 50-60 of them. I like Hard Rock in general, cool music memorabilia, giant guitars outside their restaurants, and probably the best play list of any place I've been. Finally, I visited the infamous Hard Rock Hotel and loved every moment of it.. . The place is swanky and smells of cheap perfume and cigarettes, basically how I imagine Aerosmith to smell. Leather boas and leopard print adorning every square inch of space. It was like I died and went to a rock stars' cocaine heaven.. . I can't wait to spend more than an afternoon of gambling here. Stay and play like a rock star sounds like a great way to spend time in Vegas.
I've stayed here a bazillion times since they first opened the hotel.  It's a cool vibe and a nice distraction from the usual LV hype.  I personally think this is the most 'fun' place in LV.  I love the Pink Taco.  Hands down, my favorite booze/food/fun value in town.. . Rooms run from downright cheap to ridiculous, it's all about booking source and timing.  The new tower is really nice, the older tower is showing its age.  I really like the secret entrance in the new tower where you can avoid the taxi lines at the front door.  Cool - Just like a rock star!  Watching the hookers work the room at the main bar at night is fun too!
Most people only know Hard Rock for Rehab, but to be honest..this hotel is VERY underrated.. . It is a little bit off the Strip, and the hotel is a little smaller then most of the Strip ones but that usually means cheaper room rates as well. I stayed in the casino tower, and although the hallways and decor was nothing to rave about, the actual room itself wasn't half bad. The bathroom was very basic, but the bed was huge and comfortable and I had a big LCD TV so no complaints!. . They also offered me a voucher for a free 750ml of liquor at one of the stores, so that was nice as well!. . Typical casino cliente is where it gets interesting! It's a little bit of an older crowd (think 30s, not many 20 year olds) but expect to see alot of Affliction and Ed Hardy type graphic tees around here. I wouldn't call it douchey, but like older dudes trying to act young. So that was hilarious.. . Friendly dealers with usually an assortment of low and high minimum tables. Cab ride to Mcarran airport is only about $7 so it's dirt cheap! . . Personally, I can't see myself staying here for the whole duration of my Vegas vacation just because it's so far away from the Strip action, but if I was only going for Saturday/Sunday, I'd give it a go. . . My best advice would be to grab the room on a Sunday because you can party at Rehab during the day, and hit up Vanity at night because the industry party at the Hard Rock is one of the best industry parties in Vegas!
This is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Off the strip means less randomness.  The people are here because they chose to be.  It definitely feels higher end and rooms are way more modern than most.  I like the vibe.
I like Hard Rock, I stay here once a year during NAB for work.. . The best bedding ever! It's super comfy and easy to fall asleep with! I don't usually sleep easily at hotels but I don't have that issue when I stay at Hard Rock.. . The do have many restaurants here, but the ones that open for lunch and dinner will be Mr. Lucky's and Pink Taco; all others are only opening for dinner time.. . Overall service is great, except a few girls at the receiption/front desk can be a bit rude - one star off here.. . I wish they have more restaurants that open during lunch time; perhaps in the future. See you next year Hard Rock!
Just came back from 2 nights in Vegas for my Bachelorette party and stayed here!. . couple of notes:. . - I wanted to take the bedding home, it was amazing! I seriously was about to leave all my clothes there and stuff the duvet in my luggage.. - We stayed in the Paradise Tower. It was nice and modern, but the decor was kinda dark, it was hard to do makeup with the full length mirrors (something important when 4 girls are staying in one room!) One thing though was that our room overlooked the pool and the music was really loud during the day so that was kinda meh. We were playing our own music, so it was like whatever, but just might be something to know.. - The pool is awesome. We went to the pool the day before Rehab officially opened and it was fun to hear all the music and their watermelon mojito was so yummy! Water was coldddd though, but I was able to get my dark tan on.. - It is a bit off the strip, but I didn't mind. I've been to Vegas enough times to not need to explore the strip so much.. - They were really accommodating and was able to find 2 rooms that was adjoining for my group of girls.. - I gambled $20 at roulette and lost. I wish the big baller that came to the table with $1k sharsies with me. lol Pay to play people. Pay to play.. - Also enjoyed the Spa Services there: http://www.yelp.com/biz/reliquary-spa-at-the-hard-rock-hotel-tower-las-vegas#hrid:QKgCT_MLzJBvW63K-H54NA. - HH at Pink Taco: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pink-taco-las-vegas#hrid:zkmRBgZp-x8_wIi-O1L3HA. - Also, never had to wait too long for a taxi.. . Overall I enjoyed my couple days there. Thanks Hard Rock, you will always have a special place in my heart.
It was a busy weekend in Vegas, with the opening of several of the Pool Parties (including REHAB here at HRH) but we were there for a wedding - so to say I was trepidatious going into this would be an understatement. . . We stayed in the HRH tower, which is a lovely newer tower with well appointed rooms. Check in was a breeze, though I did get there around 7:30 so it was not particularly busy anyway, but the first staff member I had an encounter with was excellent (I REALLY wish I could remember his name to give him a shout out, he was there at that time on 4/20 and also at our checkout on that Sunday around 10PM). When I arrived the douchenozzles were in full force, and the young fella at the checkin counter was totally unphazed and very calm and funny. A good start. . . The room was a great size, and with some fun little extras (built in touchscreen jukebox, double sided tv, super comfy beds) but you could see where they began to cut corners on the details - I dont know what makes hotels think guests will not notice these things, they do stand out when surrounded by the nicer features. . . Food wise, we had some pretty good experiences. Pink Taco was low key and delicious and we splurged on a killer meal at the Steak and Martini place on Sunday, and had a meal we honestly thought was better than CUT (and every bit as expensive). Again, in both places, the service was excellent from host to waiter to bussers - friendly and knowledgeable. . . We spent a good deal of time at the pool - avoiding REHAB like the plague. We were very pleased to see there is a large section of the pool area (very large) that is seperate of the crazy pool party, and while there were plenty of kooks out, it was WAY more mellow, and service (once again) was fantastic. Really nice bartenders and cute servers with minimal attitude if any. In a place like that, if you are friendly and articulate and tip decently, you really get treated well. These guys and girls take SO much abuse every day, just being a decent human gets you fantastic service. . . The day we planned to leave we tried to get a late checkout, but it was not available - HOWEVER - for $99 they offered a whole extra day/night - best Hundred ever spent. We slept in, got sun, had a nice meal, and left around 10pm when traffic was non existant, checkout was mellow (though there was some drunk idiotic girl in a ill-fitted bikini yelling at that same great staff member at the front desk while he calmly stood by and let her vent). . . The negatives were pretty mild - most of them revolving around the clientele and their need to become so wasted that they felt there would be no repercussions and no responsiblity for their actions - but the amusement we got from watching them was also a plus at times.... watching a fellow come out of his hotel room, make it about three feet, and then slide down the wall and pass out in the hallway was better than Cirque. HRH - you impressed.
I actually like Hard Rock more than I thought. Love the casual young hip rocking environment!!! Everybody seems so chill not fancy like other high end resorts..... I love the dark and grey rooms with wall papers. Bed was comfortable and we got a nice view. Did not the the resort fees. Seem a little hidden.... Minus 1 star.
Was at the pool for atmosphere concert. tho it was a bit packed service was good at bar. After wards did a bit of gambling. great fun place
Rooms:. We stayed in the HRH Tower and had a corner suite, which had spectacular views of the strip. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room itself was huge with the bathroom being the focal point. There was no mini-fridge in the room which was a bummer as we wanted to have a drink or two in the room. Missed revenue for them. The shampoo and conditioner left a lot to be desired.. . Service:. Loved being able to check out from our room and avoid lines at the registration desk. All the staff there are really nice and want to go the extra mile in my experience. We were very pleased with their level of service.. . Food:. We ate at NOBU the sushi restaurant and it was really fresh sushi. A little pricey but not bad for what you get. Pink Taco was just OK and left a lot to be desired. We did like the sangria and champagne drink they have on the menu. Every morning we ate at Mr. Lucky's which had a great breakfast menu and would recommend eating there. Overall, the food options are pretty limited compared to other hotels in Las Vegas but good enough to get you through your stay.. . Overall:. This is a great spot to stay for the younger crowd or the young at heart. It does get pretty wild but we expected this during our stay and it was a lot of fun to people watch. The pools are great and are probably some of the best in Vegas. But stay in the new towers if you are going to stay here, worth the upgrade.
Poker review:. . Don't let the lousy lack of a decent poker room at Hard Rock fool you.  There's money to be made at these two (that's right, usually only two) measly tables crudely roped off forming a make-shift poker "section" (in lieu of the old poker "room").. . Hard Rock used to have a great poker room; big leather seats, moody lighting, and tons of cash on the table.  But for various reasons (rumors) including (but not limited to) corruption, they broke up the room and moved the tables out to the casino floor.. . The poker players are now subject to the drunken riff raff coming to/leaving Vanity (the nightclub) or Rehab (the pool party).  The floor man and dealers themselves will tell you yes, the old poker room was much nicer; but the number of drunken amateurs who plop down in the new spot make this half-assed set up actually worth it.. . The poker "room" (I use this term loosely) is both awesome and train wreckish.  Fun!. . TIP: Sign up for the Rockstar Club card to earn about $1 an hour in comps.
Didn't stay in the hotel but from the casino to the clubs, it is a good place for younger people rather than old. It is just the energy that I get off from the casino. Also a little out of the way from the strip that can be a plus for a little privacy without too much hustle from drunk tourists.. . dp
Even though the single deck blackjack only pays 6:5, the table isn't hidden in some weird corner. I came out wayyy ahead playing this game till the early morning. Good times.
The staff makes the place, old Vegas - Rock and Roll style. Stayed in the original tower - room overlooking the pool and loved it! Sexy cozy decor - easy access - definitely staying again. Be prepared for the noise and fast vibe downstairs - takes about a day to get used too.
The music alone is reason to come here. It's got a "younger vibe" as described by other reviews, which, isn't always cool if the "metal mulisha" crowd isn't  your thing, but even so, it's a great theme for a casino. The hotel rooms are pretty cool, more style than the basic Vegas marble & weird carpet. I recommend checking their specials, they have pretty good deals that combine a show & room. Vanity (the latest incarnation of their night club) is very cool. All in all, if you're younger, or just think you are like me, you'll have a good time. It's not gigantic like the other properties in Vegas, which may be why I like. Plus, everyone should experience Rehab (their pool party on Sundays during the summer) once.
I was just there this past weekend and overall, I enjoyed my stay here. I got a great deal from hotels.com. I had a mountain view in the Casino tower. I loved the theme of this hotel!  I loved seeing all of the music memorabilia around the hotel.  This is what pushes my rating to 4 stars.  But there were some definite likes and dislikes:. . Likes:. Arrived 4 hours before normal check-in time and was able to get a room since it was available for no extra charge!. Bed is super comfy!!!. Theme is awesome and consistent throughout the hotel.. Small--it is so easy to find everything in the hotel!. Pools are very nice.. Never had to wait long for the elevator at any time of the day. . For the Rehab fans, they offered half price tickets for hotel guests!. Balcony doors opened up for some nice fresh air!. Majority of the staff were pretty friendly--minus the one d-bag who wouldn't let us walk past the cabanas area to get to the walk-way for the other pool instead making us walk alllllll the way around!. . Dislikes:. I was in a smoking room, but didn't have an ashtray.. I asked for a list of restaurants or a map of the hotel but was told it was in my room and they do not have one--guess what, there was none in the room!!. The resort fee--I only used the internet, and even that kept acting up so I just used my own phone wifi.  . The remote for the TV would only work right in front of the TV.. The desk chair in the room was seriously worn out!. Could not get a drink when I was at a slot machine--I was across from a black jack table, and the waitress (who told me she only works the tables) told me another waitress would be by to get me a drink, but an hour later, no one ever showed up!. Lines at the front desk were always long.. There wasn't always someone available at the conceirge desk.. Too many Pauly D wanna-be's running around yelling "Yeah Buddy!!" (note--I love Pauly D!). I was not a fan of the restaurants.  Went to Pink Taco, and it tasted like Pepe's!  Nothing special about the food for what you are paying for.. . Luckily, I rented a car (which was super cheap through Pricelines name your own price!).  I was able to save a lot of money on food by going to local spots and eating at fast food places.  I have been to Vegas plenty of times so I liked staying off of the strip for once.  I went to the strip when I needed to (for a show and for a club), but other than that I toured around town at my leisure in a convertible!  Although it's not perfect, I would definitely stay here again!. . Money saving tip: If you do rent a car--drive down Flamingo road away from the strip and you will find a grocery store (Food 4 Less) a few miles down where bottles of liquor are SUPER cheap (even cheaper than a liquor store) and you can load your room with cheap drinks and snacks.  Plus you will find many restraurants and fast food places along the way! Also, avoid going to any drugstores (i.e. CVS or Walgreeens) on the strip if you can make it to one off the strip--huge difference in prices!
June 1, 2011. . I hate that I have to log on to yelp to complete a review instead of just doing it from my phone! So this review is a bit late. Sorry.. . Not my first time here and not my last! I even head to Hard Rock In San Diego! . Came and stayed and  definitely played! We had a great time and had a good experience. From check in to check out. The service was quick and helpful. Rooms were clean, and roomy! Have to love a comfortable bed!! We went to the pool (REHAB!!!!) , night time at Body English & The Joint!  and had a few bites to eat as well (Mr. Lucky's) in the wee hours of the morning. . . I only wish each room had a kick'n sound system! That's all I would add, that way you can get the day started right with your tunes!
This was my first time visiting Las Vegas and I had a blast! We checked in on Thursday by 4 pm, as soon as we walked into our room it felt as though the A/C had been turned off. We had to call the front desk because it was not getting colder, she sent someone up and in about 15 minutes the A/C was working again. We were able to get into the Saturday pool party and the Vanity night club for free since we were guests. Both of which are great for young adults such as myself. I totally recommend this hotel for the young crowd ages 21-35 or so. If not, you may feel out of place. Lots of bachelorettes and bachelors in the house which is very expected in Vegas. Overall it was a great experience... only downer is that they charged me at least $20 per day as a resort fee, in addition to the total price paid on priceline.com. But in the long run it was waaaayy cheaper than hotels on the actual strip and the drive is not too far away. Oh yeah and complimentary valet!
I usedto be a fan of the Hard Rock back in the day when it was just one tower and a parking lot. Hadn't stayed there in a while cuz it has been a little over-priced since the remodel. We got a good deal, so we checked it out. We stayed in the new Paradise Tower. The rooms were gorgeous. Very dark, kind of gothic-contemporary. Very rock star. The rooms were also quite spacious.. The hotel itself is also beautiful. The pool is AMAZING. Probably the best in Vegas. We couldn't go down to the pool on Sunday because of Rehab, the pool party. But we went down the next morning. It was very relaxing, and clean. Only negative here would be the drinks are way overpriced, even for Vegas pool standards, and we had to go up to the bar because we couldn't get cocktail service up by where we were sitting. . Yes it's off the Strip, but it's still quite accessible. All in all, I would stay here again. But I would definitely recommend it for a younger party crowd.
Was there for work and won a good chunk of money from slots.    The place a little bit far form the street but the accommodation were very good the room was modern and clean.. . Pink taco had some food . Gym facility was good . . You can get some great deals for a room off peak season.. If you are on a budget pay attention to the deals for food at specific times.
Bitchin!. . We got a sweet corner room overlooking the pool. Rehab/Pool Party thing was really fun. The pool is to die for. Just love the sand... . . DO NOT love the $30 drinks. :( That sucked big time. I mean, at least they're big. But that just sucks.. . Restaurants weren't anything to speak of. And only one was open the entire time. That seems to be a common trend in Vegas, which is weird. . . I'm not sure I'd come back unless I got another good deal.
Went to Vegas this past week for work. Stayed at the Hard Rock and the room was phenomenal. I had no problems. Only recommendation to the room is to have better lighting inside the shower. The tiles are all black and the light is so minimal. Beds was very comfortable. Wish there were better restaurants. I went to Pink Taco which was ok and service was bad. When I checked in and out, guest services were very prompt, professional and nice. I will def recommend this place. I also went to the Rehab pool party. Had a blast!
We checked in around 8 at night and the nice lady upgraded our room to a executive suite free of charge. There was a drake concert that sold out when we stayed here. The room is very spacious and modern looking. The room decor was so my style and I slept like a baby on the comfy bed.
Hard Rock...I wish I knew how to quit you.  . . Yet you keep luring me back with the offers of comped nights and other bennies that make you practically irresistible.  Your rooms (what little time I spend in them) in the Paradise Tower are clean, well appointed, and the bed is quite comfortable and among the best I experienced in Vegas.  Most importantly, you're so much more relaxed and civilized during a mid-week stay than over the weekend when the "trust fund kids" come to town with mommy and daddy's money in their wallets and vodka and Red Bull coursing through their system.  During the week, for the most part, you can play blackjack without having to sit at a table with drunken idiots that have no clue.  You can actually sleep without being awakened by drunken idiots screaming in the hallway and pounding on guest room doors at 4 in the morning.  You can go to the pool, get a cabana and relax without the fear that people will be taking a piss, throwing up, or copulating in the pool.  . . Yes, Hard Rock, if you keep those tempting offers coming my way, I'll keep coming your way...but only during the mid-week.
Stayed in the old original tower and the rooms were a little bit dated.  The place is really fun and really caters to the younger crowd.  Lots of great restaurants and always something going on.
I like the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino.  I like being off the strip.  The hotel is always clean and comfortable.  Yes it can take a while at the front desk to check in and out, but that is at any hotel.  The only complaint I have is that the housekeeping staff has given up.  The rooms are always very clean.  But they never check to see that you have all the items in the room you will need such as soap, shampoo, towels, a pen, stationary, pages in the hotel visitor book.  Yes we had to call up for the basics.  We wondered what sections had been removed from the hotel visitor book.   They need to have a quality control person to check the rooms after the staff has made up the room.  Oh and by the way we were not the only ones complaining of this.  When we arrived to check in a woman came down to the front desk complaining of the exact same thing. . . I will give if five stars once they get the housekeeping issues corrected.
Always a good time.
Comfortable, and the decor is a modern style.  If you get there at a good time, they might even upgrade your room for free which was a nice thing they did for me while staying there.. . One thing about this hotel/casino establishment is that it's geared a lot more so towards partying than gambling.   The casino floor is actually not all that big, and you can probably walk the entire slot area in about five minutes along the main thoroughfares.. . The pool area is spectacular with cabanas set up and a man-made beach.  This is where you'd probably want to party out if you have a chance and that's what you like to do on your free time.
In terms of the rooms (Paradise Tower), I think their nice and comfortable.  The VIP guest service was very quick with my check-in.  My only grip is that the hotel is pretty far off of the strip which requires you constantly getting a taxi.  Other than the pool scene, Hard Rock is dead, the casino floor is dead and tables are always full, but for me I like the fact that its close to the airport (helps in the event when your friend forgets to set the alarm and you only have 20 minutes before you miss your flight- true story).  I'll be back next year, save my spot at the pool!
The rooms were awesome. The bed was super comfy. We stayed here during the weekday so the pool wasn't as crowded as I'm sure it gets on the weekends. There was a DJ outside, the music was great and the drinks are expensive, but you get your moneys worth, trust me.The waitresses on the casino floor and the front desk were very attentive and friendly. They have a good selection of slot machines and they have really good promotions for slot players. I have had bad experiences at other Vegas casinos, just really bad customer service, and hard rock provided top notch ! I can't wait to come back.
I did a couple's massage here. It was great. I got a regular Swedish massage and my bf got a deep tissue. Both massages were amazing and the shower area is beautiful. They had us next to each other in a romantic room and gave us the choices of four different aromatherapy scents. (I think the extra scent would have been $20/$25, so we declined any of them. It all ready smelled fine in there.) . . They have a great sauna area and most of what you may need before getting ready (razors, shampoo, combs, etc). . . Make sure, if you're a local, ask which days they do local's discounts! It makes a big difference!
Nice place if you don't mind being off the strip. My only complaint is that housekeeping is not very good.
Stayed here over the Labor Day Weekend and loved it. Had so much fun under one roof.. . Good eateries, great pool, great selection of games & most of all very friendly staff. Hope to stay here again when the chance comes up.
I must have been in a funk last time I wrote about this place, because I really like it. Rooms are always nice, comfortable, and hip. Front desk girls are helpful, efficient, and upgraded me to one of those HRH rooms! The HRH valet was fast, and I still love the pool. I'd prefer to hear some hip hop/top 40 as opposed to electronica/fist pumping stuff. still loses a star for being a mile off the strip.
We frequented this casino plenty of times during our stay for gambling and drinking and eating. We had a great time.. . This place has a lot to do, even if you're not in the mood to gamble you can walk around and check out the cool memorabilia. . . Make sure you check out the ghost buster machine (right one) near the restrooms... it pays out like crazy. If you win make sure you send me 25% of your profits! (Kidding). . Have fun and rock on!
I have heard that Howard Stern and his crew like to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. The Hard Rock Casino clearly has a visible young vibrant clientele. . . I did not stay at the Hard Rock hotel. I actually stayed at the Embassy Suites. My business colleagues were telling me about this new type of automated self-service craps machine at the nearby Hard Rock Casino, so we walked over there to see it and gamble. The machine had two very large dice in a plastic bubble that were mechanically activated by whomever was the shooter. Each player has a virtual keypad so they could place their bets. Four of my colleagues sat down at the machine and started to insert their cash into the machine to play. They felt this machine was the closest to an actual crap table. This was not for me, so I walked around the casino floor to investigate other alternatives.   . . The place was hopping, but, then one of my colleagues was tired and wanted to return back to the Embassy Suites. That is when I remembered I had a 6:30am flight back to EWR the next morning. So we both left together. I left Vegas without gambling or loosing any money. That was a real treat for me.
My friend Sara who stayed with me at the HRH called it the Slutty Hotel.  This is a place where the door hangers instead of saying "Do Not Disturb" say "Tied Up" with a picture of handcuffs.  This is a place where you can flip through the room service book and find ready to order sex kits complete with boobie tassels and tickle feathers.  This is the place where your mini bar snack area has stuff like snickers mini's, skull candy headphones and "pleasure" kits filled with condoms and lube samples.  The beds sit very low to the ground.  There are no Bibles in the dresser drawers.. . Speaking of beds, ohmahgah amazing comfortable!!!  Our beds had goose down comforters and even though Vegas had experienced a cold front in mid-November that put the nighttime temps at 35 degrees we still burned up like an oven under the goose down.  HRH has my favorite bed so far out of every place I have ever stayed in Vegas (and that is a lot of places--including the overrated Bellagio).  . . There are 2 main towers at the HRH:  The original Casino tower and the newer Paradise tower.  Even though the Casino tower is older I picked it for two reasons:  1.  It is closer to the main lobby meaning you don't have to go on an excursion to get to your elevator like you do in the Paradise tower.  2.  It has french doors that allow you to open up to your un-walkable balcony so you can smell the mountain airor peek out at any neighbors who may have their french doors open too.  Paradise doesn't have that.  Our room was on the top (11th) floor which was nice as we didn't have people stomping up and down on top of us.. . Which brings up a point: this is a rock and roll hotel.  Though it has lost some of its original luster in later years the Hard Rock caters to the young, rock and roll crowd.  These people may get noisy.  Don't come here for peace and quiet.. . The hotel itself is filled to the brim with lots of neat rock and roll memorabilia from The Beatles to Elvis to the Rolling Stones.  It is fun to walk around an take in the sights.  Hard Rock also has several restaurants such as Nobu, Pink Taco and the newer 35 Steaks + Martini's plus MORE.  The Joint concert venue is also located inside the Hard Rock and is host to some really great music acts so be sure to catch a show there.  It is nice to be able to just walk from your hotel room straight into the music venue without having to go outside.. . I want to come back in the summer months and swim in the pools as HRH is famous for their swimming pools.  The rooms here can run from an affordable $40 a night to several hundred a night depending on what is going on.  The Friday night we stayed we were able to do early check-in.  If you need to park your vehicle the parking garage is included in the mandatory $25 a day "convenience fee" the hotels on the strip are now charging.  Hard Rock is not located on the strip so be prepared to walk 3 or so blocks if you want to be in on the strip action.  . . The Hard Rock IS close though to my favorite dive bar in Vegas where you might be able to catch a local thrash metal or punk band:  The Double Down Saloon.  Enjoy!
Nice hotel. Friendly staff. Very nice rooms in HRH Tower.. . Nice hotel, friendly staff. Clean and quality service. Didn't think the casino was amazing though, fairly average.
4.5 stars.. . I stayed at the Paradise Tower last weekend for my BF's birthday and the Guns 'N Roses concert.  It was probably the most beautiful and quietest room I've stayed at for the price.  . . Yeah, you heard me---a QUIET room at the HRH.  A place that caters to the people you've seen on The Dirty blog and Jersey Shore. . . The shower is spacious as hell (ADA compliant or ideal for sexy times?  Or both?), and the furnishings are very nice.  The bed is very comfortable and the room is very clean, all things considered.. . Downstairs, there's a Nobu AND a John Varvatos store.  The birthday boy was very happy about that!!. . Since we used the VISA concierge service instead of dealing with the HRH staff directly, we got better service.. . The casino itself is very smoky, so proceed with caution if you've got asthma or sensitive allergies.
We came here for Thanksgiving because GNR was in residence in Vegas and I wanted to see a few shows at The Joint, which is located inside the hotel. The overall experience was positive and I would stay here again if I wanted to see a band that was playing at the Joint. BTW, GNR rocks...3 hour shows that you have to see. Axl's voice is superb and the band is tight. You get dancers, Axl, and rock n' roll in an excellent venue. What is not to like? Security in The Joint can be a bit of pain because they are uptight jerks, but that can be overlooked. Overall the room was comfortable and a good deal at Thanksgiving. The hotel is off the strip but convenient to the airport and to many good restaurants that are in walking distance. Plus there is a liquor market across the street so you don't have to pay the inflated prices at the bars inside the hotel. . . Positives:. We stayed in the Casino Tower. Our room was large and clean. We had a mountain view. The room was actually pretty quiet. The king bed was large and super soft. Bathroom was good size and the towels were soft. Overall, a very nice room that exceeded expectations. The gift shop is good. There are ample choices for eating and drinking onsite (though not really cheap). I loved all the rock picts and memorabilia throughout. You can spend an hour or two just walking and looking at everything. There is free parking! . . Negatives:. For some odd reason, there is not a coffee machine in the room. I cannot remember the last hotel where I stayed that did not have a coffee machine or hot water heater for tea. I guess they want you to buy coffee downstairs at the Fuel Express. The bathroom does not have a fan so that after the shower the mirror is fogged...not a big deal but upper end places tend to have a fan. The gaming area is pretty lame compared to the larger hotels and casinos on the strip. . . The biggest negative is the obligatory "resort fee" that was $22 a day (plus tax), so basically $25 in November 2012. It included wi-fi (which had a good speed so we could watch Netflix movies on the ipad), a notary if you want to get married or divorced, access to the gym, and complimentary printing of boarding passes. I don't really think that it is a good deal.. . This fee makes me mad. If I did not have an ipad or laptop, was not getting married or divorced, did not want to use the gym, and wanted to print my boarding passes at the airport, the fee would be for nothing. But I would have to pay. There is no choice. We used the wi-fi but at $25 a day it is way over-priced. Upper end hotels charge $14.95 a day for wi-fi, and the choice rests with the customer. This practice of adding obligatory resort fees is dishonest and is a main reason I would not stay here again unless I had to in order to see a concert at The Joint. I can stay at Bellagio and not pay a resort fee. . . The experience was basically positive but the resort fee is dishonest and would keep me away.
As a hard rocker, this was the logical placefor me to stay. I am always finding great deals for this hotel. I booked through Groupon last time I was here and was able to save money for more important things like gambling and booze. I also got 4 free drink tickets at the bar (only used two) and a free dinner at Pink Taco inside the hotel. . . I checked in quickly and had a hassle free check out. That's about all I could ask for from the staff. My groupon also included some gambling credit, $50 I believe. The card they gave us wasn't activated properly and we were unable to solve the problem due to lack of staff the last night we were there. However, we found someone to help us when checking out, and wound up winning some money in video poker! So after saving a crapload of money through groupon, we won some back too. . . The hotel has a very cosmo and cool vibe with that rocker edge. The hallway allowed for a sweet photo op. I always  get deals via email for $39 a night. It's a tad bit off the main strip, but totally worth the brief walk.
Stayed at the Hard Rock last weekend, and had a blast! Then again, how can you NOT when you're in Las Vegas? . . However, I don't think I'd stay here again, simply because I'd rather be on the Strip. Not that it's FAR, it just felt a little isolated. Maybe it was the weekend we were there, but it felt like it didn't have the same kind of energy as the other casinos we stopped in.. . Other things to note:. - $7ish cab to the Strip - not bad. - $9ish cab to/from the airport. - Beds in the HRH Tower Suites, as other reviewers have mentioned, are FREAKING AMAZING. - Bathroom is also amazing. HUGE shower, HUGE tub. You know, if you're dirty.. - No full-length mirror though? Booooo. . - Lots of tattooed men. If you're into that sort of thing. (Guilty.). - Best music selection of all the casinos.. . VIVAAAAA LAS VEGAS!
Firstly, upon walking in, one would think they've been transported to the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame. . . Upbeat staff, I am a huge fan of the ambiance in the Casino. . . 1 small thing I wasn't particularly happy about was that is wasn't located on the Strip.. . It was approximately mile away from the Strip.  . . I stayed here, the room were great, very helpful Guest Services. . . _S
Ahhh, all Hard Rock Hotels and restaurants are known for their rock n' roll vibes, and this is the father of all Hard Rocks. Located about 1.5 miles off the strip, it is a bit inconvenient - proximity is key in Vegas.. . The hallway leading in from self-park is lined with original rock memorabilia, including all the rock greats; Elvis, The Doors, Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith and really almost covers the progression of the rock movement. There are numerous signed paintings and it is just a sight to behold. As you enter the casino floor and registration, there is a great John Varvatos boutique and exotic watch boutique. At the elevators is a full drum set used during a world-famous rock tour.. . The crowd is usually hip and trendy, and there is a new phenomenon of sick rock bands like Guns N' Roses setting shop for weeks at a time. Too bad I missed that:(. . The pool is the ultimate pool experience in Vegas. During the summer months, it's Rehab Sundays, where all hell is unleashed. With an expansive pool area, there is gaming and a bar in the water, and cabanas equipped with fridges and TVs for those wanting to catch their breath. Rehab is really indescribable and really must be experienced. No holes are barred and complete partying ensues. All other pool parties are playgrounds in comparison.. . The Hotel staff is super accommodating; we just requested a room change and were given a larger room with a great view of the pool and the strip.. . If you want a sick rock n roll vibe, great crowd, and best pool in Vegas, Look no further than Hard Rock, unless you want to be on the actual strip.
A VERY NICE PLACE!. . *I LOVED all the really cool decor! . I thought it was an overall really nice looking and clean hotel and casino. Not too smokey or anything like that.. . *There are multiple options for cheap food and drinks inside the hotel.. . *Although I encountered 2 or 3 dealers that were rude, most were really nice and really helpful.. . *The little sports-bar restaurant there was awesome.. Good food and nice place to watch a game; there is even a mini sports book in side! We watched all the games and got really good service (even though we sat there for like 2 hours after we were done eating). Don't trip, we tipped her fatty ;). . . . *4 stars and not 5 only because:. . 1. It's kinda too dark in some places (like in the bathroom and shower). . 2. It's not very close to anything.. . 3. Some of the dealers were really just straight up dicks.. . . *SIDE NOTES*. . *GO DOWN AND CHECK OUT OF YOUR ROOM IN PERSON!. I didn't like how they tried to charge me for a bottle of wine I didn't drink from my room's minibar, but they removed the charge as soon as I mentioned it, no questions asked.. . *We paid $40 a night plus the $24 "resort fee" (in January) so overall I was extremely pleased with the value. Definitely worth looking into if you are on a budget but you still want to stay somewhere nice.. . *I was really impressed how they handled my drunk friend. We left him alone while we went to see Cirque Du Soleil and instead of calling the cops on his drunk ass, like I would have done, they just escorted him back to his room LOL
Stayed at the HRH from Thursday January 10th,and check out on the 12th.. . Came here with the wife to celebrate my birthday. My 31st to be exact.Hey 31 is the new 21! Ok, getitng off topic. Back to the review.. . As soon as we enter the hotel, we were definitely loving the decor and rock and roll memorobilia that is all over the walls, in protective cases. Items from all the legendary bands and artists. From Guns and roses, Santana, Michael Jackson and a lot more.. . The front desk ladies checking us in were very quick and friendly.The casino floor never seemed or smelled too smokey our whole stay there. Which is a good thing of course.. . Our room was simple. The carpet and decor seems a little outdated. But no deal breaker. It does have a 42 inch flatscreen, so that was nice. The beds were freaking amazing!! I literally fell asleep upon my head hitting the pillow. We were on the 4th floor right above the pool area. Of course there was nobody ever in the pool. It is January and 25 degrees. Despite the outdated feel to the room, it was very well maintained and clean. . . We got the rooms for $42 a night which is the biggest reason we stayed there. Were not cheap, we just wanted to have more eating, drinking, and gambling money available.. . Overall, I would be happy staying here again on our next trip out to Vegas.
Hotel room was very spacious, bed was fluffy and comfy with down comforter and 4 king feather pillows. Tub didn't drain well, which was gross. But damn, that bed was comfortable.
The HRH suite was absolutely beautiful. I can't believe we only paid $60/night. The bathroom was huge with a large tub and separate shower. The bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in and did I mention it had 2 flat screen tvs and a touch screen Ipod stereo!? Probably one of my favorite hotels I have stayed at so far. My only complaint is the resort fees....about $24 (with tax).
Had a great time!! Stayed for one night and it was good. Had restaurants there we watched street drum corp (punk rock drum show) and they had a club there called Body English! We didnt leave the hotel. The only bad thing was we got on the guest list for the club to ensure we would get in and the show we went to ran till 1230 or so and the guest list ended at 12 which the guy Didn't tell us. When we got to the club we waited 45 min to hear they were at capacity. One of the guys at the front was definitely on a power trip but kinda expected from the looks of him. Overall good stay! Stayed in the casino tower! The most comfortable bed I have ever slept in!! Next time we will stay a couple nights!!!
I've seen 2 shows here, 1 at Body English & 1 at The Joint. I had a great time at both.
I was gonna go 3 stars on this, but they've got some good eats in here, so let's call it 3.5, OK?. . Self-parking for check-in is a breeze. Stop trying to find a space on level 1 and go up a few so that you can park right next to an elevator. . . Check-in was slow and laborious. I can't believe in 2013 people still have to clack a thousand and one keys to confirm the reservation I already paid 50% of online. There should be a service where you can book a specific room online, show up with your credit card, slide it in the lock and BOOM you're in. Who wants to deal with some chipper chick doing her worst to get you checked in fast after a 5 hour drive to Vegas? . . The rooms are decent. At least, ours was. I'm sure they get better. We had a pretty good view of some mountains. It's not like you're getting a strip view anywhere here, so might as well just get whatever is available for the right price. The mini bar and counter bar are scary because if you even knock something out of it by accident you're charged automatically. And, yes, the pricesare grossly inflated. . . The bathrooms blow. Our sink, which I thought was cool because it had a super deep basin, was not cool because that super deep basin filled up every time we used it. Ditto on the shower, which at one point filled so much I might as well have taken a bath. Plus, how the hell am I supposed to wash myself AND pee in the shower when it's up to my calves? Seriously, guys. . . I liked their sexually suggestive door hangers - turn it to "Tied Up" if you don't want the maid. Which we did, often. But she still came anyway. I assume they just ignore them. . . As I said, between Pink Taco, Mr. Lucky's 24/7, Culinary Dropout and whatever else you come across this hotel has some good foodstuffs. And clearly at least one of them is open 24 hours. . . The fitness center was closed for AVN Awards (No, I did not go because I arrived the day after it occurred. Yes, that did upset me.), so I got directed up to the cardio room. Which is exactly that - a room full of cardio eq. Of course, since the gym was temporarily closed I was welcome to use the spa's gym facility... for a reduced-from-$25-a-day, $10/day fee. So, had their own gym been open it's free, but since it isn't I get to pay a reduced fee of $10? Well, fuck me, isn't that a deal?. . Check out didn't work on my TV for whatever reason. Luckily, doing it down at the lobby is a breeze. No hassle or waiting or whatever. Why can't they make it this easy to get into the place?
I stayed in the HRH Tower and really enjoyed it. We checked in at the HRH Tower part, so the process was super quick. The suites were pretty, the bathroom was gigantic, and I loved that you could plug your iPhone into the wall to play music. I really liked the decor and the music that they played throughout the casino.. . It's not on the strip, which basically meant I stayed in my hotel room and read when I wasn't expected to be somewhere. That said, I do not enjoy the "Las Vegas experience" so I would probably have done the same whether I was on the strip or not.
Never slept in a more comfortable bed at any hotel that I can recall ..rooms were clean and spacious ..only drawback was the absurdly long registration line on Sunday morning
All in all, our stay here wasn't bad.  The beds were definitely fluffy and made it difficult to get up and face the day, or the afternoon, as the case may be.  The only bummer is that our view was non existent, unless of course you have an extreme interest in the roof.  We were not lucky enough to be in the swanky new tower.  . . Despite the many reviews I had read in guidebooks and online, the staff was very friendly and quite helpful.  There is a shuttle available to take you to and from the Strip between 10 am and 5 pm which is great because I underestimated just how long the walk to the Strip actually was.  You can also store your luggage at the bell desk for free (gratuities accepted of course).  Another bonus is that the Hard Rock is a straight shot to the airport when you are headed home.  . . Compared to the behomoths on the Strip there is a lot less to offer gambling wise. There was a lot of blackjack and slot machines and a huge area for sports betting.  For the average poker player (aka NOT high limit tables), there is not much here for you.. . There is a daily resort fee here so it would be in your best interest to use the wifi or go to the gym if you want it to count for anything at all.
I rated them on 6/8/12 based on my stay then.  I can't believe I didn't login to finish it.  I LOVE the HRH!  Fun gaming, awesome rooms, near perfect service (the hotel, not the restaurants - there is a difference, thus 4 instead of 5 stars).  . . My biggest tip is to stay in the Casino or HRH tower.  The Paradise tower is nice, but it's a long walk from the casino.. . I've stayed at the HRH numerous times.  It's definitely my favorite hotel in Vegas.
My boyfriend and I planned the trip for spring break through JetBlue as a Getaways package, and thus got a pretty good deal on the flight and hotel combo. Part of it being a good deal, however, was the fact that we were arriving at 11 PM on Sunday night. Since it was pretty late, I guess, when we were checking in we received the disappointing news that there were some big groups staying, and there were no King rooms available. We had originally booked a Mountain View King room in the Casino Tower, so it was kind of a bummer that there weren't ANY king rooms available. However, I guess it was kind of understandable since we checked in late. I attempted to use the $20 trick when checking in and asked for an upgrade. The woman helping us slipped the tip back to me, but did "upgrade" us to a Pool View Queen room in the newer Paradise Tower. She was really apologetic about there not being any king rooms available, and advised us to check in the next morning to see if any would be available.. . Our first room was nice, however, it was on the 3rd floor so even though it was a Pool View, there wasn't too much of a great view. It wasn't anything terrible like a view of the parking lot, but was just too low to get the real experience. The next morning, after breakfast, we checked at the front desk if any king rooms were open, and were moved to a great Pool View King room on the 17th floor of the Paradise Tower for the rest of our stay. The view of the pool was great and allowed us to scout out the crowd before we ventured down there and we were really happy with the room.. . As far as the casino itself, we didn't do TOO much gambling there. It's pretty small compared to other casinos. I lost money on the slots, and my boyfriend lost money playing blackjack. However, I ended up making some money playing roulette and betting on sports, and since I'm new to gambling, I really appreciated that the dealers were patient and helpful. . . The only on site restaurant we ate at was Mr. Lucky's, and it was out of convenience. The first night I got the mac and cheese which was a little too intense (covered in crushed Cheez-Its) and my boyfriend got the reuben sandwich, which he liked just fine. We went back to breakfast another morning (after seeing Ke$ha at PURE,) totally riding the struggle bus, and had a decent hangover meal of pepperoni flatbread and some kind of egg dish for my bf that I can't recall.. . In-N-Out Burger is about a 15-20 minute walk away, through the UNLV campus. Starbucks was a 15 minute walk down the road. Even closer, there are two plazas across the street from the Hard Rock which we frequently visited. Just making the 2 minute walk across the street for alcohol ($1 24oz beers at the liquor store across the street) and food (Paradise Cantina, Subway, Johnny Rockets) saved us a TON of money and allowed us to splurge on other things. To save on the crazy ATM fees in Vegas, we got cash back at CVS across the street whenever we stopped there for water, Red Bull, and other little things.. . Vegas is expensive, and since the Hard Rock is off the strip, be prepared to spend on cabs. We paid $10-15 each way to the strip. Beware of the $3 fee that gets tacked on if you pay for your fare with a card. The Hard Rock does has a shuttle that goes to the strip, but it only runs from 10AM - 5PM so the way our plans worked out, we only ended up using it once. A trip to Fremont Street was $25 each way, which was shocking, but I made a good amount of money gambling there so thankfully the fare ended up getting covered.. . We spent a fair amount of time at the pool this past week, since the weather was in the 80s. They were preparing most of the pools for the official open, but the Nirvana and Breathe pools were open while we were there. Getting there by noon got us chairs, or even better one day, a day bed. I don't know if they will start charging for the cabanas / day beds / chairs since pool season has officially started, but everything was first come first serve and free when we got there. We had no problem bringing our own drinks. The water in the Nirvana pool was cold, so there wasn't a whole bunch of swimming going on, but it was perfect for taking a dip in when we wanted to cool off from the heat.. . All in all, I really enjoyed the Hard Rock! We found the staff to be really helpful, and I would love to come back again to check out Rehab this summer.
What can I say? HRH was made for me! Loved the room. It was very clean and tidy. The beds were super comfortable. The decor is very "rock star-ish". The color scheme was all black, white, red, and gray...very rock-n-roll! Housekeeping was very polite, helpful, and considerate. My requests were immediately taken care of as soon as it was ordered. I needed a few items from housekeeping and it took about 3 minutes after I called to bring those items up to my room. I was actually impressed!. . My one star deduction is for the $6.95 charge to automatically unlock the refrigerator, and a $2.00 charge for bottled water. You pay for them to unlock the fridge and then you pay for whatever you consume out of the fridge and then you pay $2.00 to drink a mini size bottle water that is not even cold? That is just plain daylight robbery! . . Other than that, great hotel! I had a pleasant stay here. I was surprised when I came across a sweet deal on Vegas.com for HRH @ $73 per night.  Usually it goes for $150-$200 a night. I couldn't let this deal slip. I am glad I took advantage of it. HRH is made for comfort!
picked this hotel due to it being OFF THE STRIP.  They do have hotel fees of about $23 per day for shuttle to the stip that drops you off at the Fashon mall.  We used that once.  probelem is, they need a pick up on the other end.  check in was fast (unlike anywhere on the strip) and coffee lines in the morning was fast as well.  Our room was "smoking optional" because they didnt have any non smoking left.  however the room was not bad.  the vent system must work nice.  beds were comfortable.  Parking was free.  I would stay here again for my purposes.. . -need more options on food. -need more Bar area for non gamblers. -if I only knew i was in one tower, I would not have parked in another tower. not sure how to fix that one.. -hall way smelled on 14th floor.  also walls were thin.. -our housekeeping was hysterical.  never met her but you were always guessing, do I have shampoo today?  do i have soap?  sometimes would take all the used stuff and not leave new, or you got doulbe condtioner no shampoo.  or no bar soap at all, and took used body liquid soap.  thankfuly we had stuff in our luggage.  my daugther said she must have been high.  once she left her cleaning supplies on the night stand.  gross...
Very nice stay at the Hard Rock this week. I was weary based on the hit or miss reviews but must say the HRH stepped up. . The Good- stayed mid week (wed-fri w living social deal) and upgraded to the new HRH Tower which is a must if you want a nicer experience. Check in was easy. . Room was fantastic! 10th floor view of pool and strip and totally sound proof! . Cool audio system in the room for playing music. GIANT bathroom and shower. Beds were super comfortable. . The HRH Tower is nicer and more chill than the others and even the pool is more mellow which we liked. Crazy town pool just on the other side for easy access. . Easy to grab a taxi to the strip for $10. . Pink Taco was solid for lunch and we sat pool side. . Fitness center and wifi included in the resort charge of $18/day. Both were good.  . . Not-so-good- Need taxi to get to strip so factor that in. Housekeeping wasn't very thorough, ice machine didn't work on first day, etc. Minor irritations and the only thing that kept us from giving 5 stars. . Take Home- Great stay at a great price but highly recommend the new HRH Tower if you want quality, other Towers if you want to just party. And of course, epic people watching at no extra charge!
1ST STAY: Sunday, February 1, 2009 - Wednesday, February 4, 2009 - [3 NIGHTS]. 2ND STAY: Friday, April 6, 2012 - Sunday, April 8, 2012 - [2 NIGHTS]. 3RD STAY: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 - Friday, June 8, 2012 - [2 NIGHTS]. 4TH STAY: Sunday, August 19, 2012 - Thursday, August 23, 2012 - [4 NIGHTS]. . ___________________________________. . . ::::: [ THE ROOMS AT THE HRH TOWER - 4.5/5 ] :::::. . Aside from the very first time I visited the Hard Rock, I've been staying at the HRH Tower - twice at the KING SUITE, and once at the SUPREME CORNER KING SUITE. . . Both are beautiful rooms, complete with a separate living and sleeping area, split up by a divider that has a 40" LCD TV mounted on each side. The interior is contemporary with light colors and shades of beige, ivory, gray, and natural tones. In the bedroom, there's also a touch screen jukebox with an iPod dock. Too bad it's not compatible with Spotify. :-/ Another bonus is the blackout drapes.. which for me means better sleep. The bathroom is spacious, with a deep tub and a separate shower.. . This hotel is off the strip, so it really wouldn't make sense to stay there unless you have a car. They do have a shuttle service, but it's really not the most reliable thing.. . . ::::: [ THE POOL - 4/5 ] :::::. . The pool here is pretty epic. If you're staying here, you really should take a moment to check it out at least once. Of course, it's more of a place to generally relax and/or socialize than to "swim.". . The Hard Rock Hotel in Bali also has a pool with sand in it, but it's minuscule in comparison.. . . ::::: [ THE CASINO - 3/5 ] :::::. . The casino is just okay. The payouts at the tables aren't great, and the machines are pretty standard. . . Still, staying at the hotel does mean I usually end up playing at least 15mins or so per day at the casino... especially since the hubby sleeps a whole lot more than I do.. . . ::::: [ THE RESTAURANTS - 3.5/5 ] :::::. .                * NOBU: I haven't been to this specific NOBU, but I've found that all of the Nobu branches tend to be pretty reliable and consistently high in terms of quality. I do recommend making reservations ahead of time if you plan to dine here..                * PINK TACO: Haven't tried it, so I can't tell you if all the attention this place gets is based on hype, price, convenience, or if they really do serve great food..                * MR LUCKY'S: The food is pretty mediocre. It's open 24/7 so it may prove to be a convenient stop sometimes. For those of you who love a bargain, they offer a "Gambler's Special" for $7.77 that includes a salad, an 8oz sirloin, 3 jumbo shrimp, and a side of garlic mashed potatoes. Do keep your expectations realistically low with regards to quality and flavor, though.. . NOTE: If you're one of those people who like to check out the HARD ROCK CAFE at every city you visit (like my Dad), then keep in mind that the Hard Rock Cafe Las Vegas isn't actually located inside the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. It's on the strip.. . ___________________________________. . CHERRY ON TOP: Don't forget to tip at check-in. ;-)
I like this property for concerts at the Joint.  I prefer the rock music that's played throughout the general casino floor; as opposed to the pop and top 40 rubbish that all the other casinos play.  I also found the new Body English to be more my style if I'm going to be in a night club...dark color palette, dimly lit, gothic style decor and the music in the main area was not rap/hiphop/top40.  No problems getting a drink at the bar...service with a smile as soon as I walked up.  I was only in here for about 45 minutes but that short time was quite enjoyable all around.  I hope to return soon.
I haven't stayed at the Hard Rock, but I hope to one of these days.  . . What I love about the property is the memorabilia everywhere.  We're big fans of Hard Rock Cafes and visit them all over the world.  I LOVE the cool artifacts (rockifacts) you can find and this location does NOT disappoint.  What I was really digging was the awesome T-Shit collection.  SO COOL!  I don't get over there so often as we tend to walk while in Vegas and HRH is a bit of  a ways away from the strip, but we had a great time exploring and are considering spending a weekend there some time.  Maybe that will kick it up to a 5 star.  I'm DYING to hang in the pool! . . Another awesome Vegas Hotel and Hard Rock Property.
This is a perfectly-sized Vegas hotel. Good rates, friendly staff, nice rooms, good pool.. . "Perfectly-sized," you say? Odd way to describe a hotel. But its off-Strip location meant the place wasn't too massive, and easy to get from parking garage to rooms. The casino was relatively small to walk through - again, just what I was looking for.. . The rooms were well appointed, with nice soaps/lotions and electronics.. . I'd give it 5 stars, but I found someone else's hair brush and razor on *top* of the towels in the bathroom. Whaddahell...?
The Hard Rock is just that, young, fun, carefree, reckless Rock N Roll.. It's unfortunate that it is not on the strip or else i would stop by every time I am in Vegas.. Other than location, the Hard Rock has everything going for it.. It's a perfect mix of rocker/chic, the typical Vegas vibe, young hipsters out to have a good time but not the bottom of the barrel crew.. Great restaurants and bars, fun shopping, excellent day partys at  the pool and smashing partys at the clubs at night.
Great atmosphere for young singles!!. . This place has great restaurants all under the same roof!!
Got to say, I was impressed with the Hard Rock.  We got a great deal on our room through Priceline and stayed in the rooms with the french doors that open up over the restaurant and lagoon/pool.  These rooms are large, well done and we had a good kitty corner view of the strip.  FYI though-  The play music pretty much from 10AM - 2AM so if you're looking to spend a lot of time in your room, get the rooms in the towers without thedoors that open up.
Came here and saw the room product for the first time as our friend had booked a suite for his birthday.. . It's a very interesting property where many of the restaurants and shopsare down hallways far away from the casino floor.  I felt like it I was walking through an older version of the Cosmo at some points.. . My friends room was in the Paradise tower, I was curious why he was only on the second floor until I walked into the room, there was a patio with a TV & fireplace which exited out to a private pool which the 20 or so suites shared.  This by far was the coolest part of the room, although there were very high ceilings with mirrors on them.. . I went to the lobby store and purchased a few snacks and was pleasantly surprised that they weren't marked up too bad.  I assumed that they would be since there were no prices, but I ended up paying $1.25/bag for some corn nuts (not a bad deal).. . I have to say seeing the room product and more of what it's like to be a guest here makes me want to visit this property again where before I had no desire.
I like that this casino is so classy and yet so far from the strip.  As a local (for all you tourists out there who think we see shows and gamble nightly), who rarely visits the strip, it's nice to have a casino that's away from the traffic and tourists but not ghetto like some "local" casinos.  I don't care if your breakfast special is only 99 cents!  I'll not share a restroom nor a table with the last crack-head or pj-sporting greasy mess.  I'll list some of those latter so you too can avoid these places lol!  I'm not fond of bowling myself but they have an alley that I hear is decent, make sure you bring your Crowne Regal card for the movie theater (do not use that restroom though), they have a Capriotti's which is one of my fave sammich shops, and all the gaming you can handle.  Have never stayed the night here but I can say this...I WOULD and that's saying a lot.  Yardhouse and the fountains are major pluses too. XD
I love the black & red decor in the room. Very sleek, dark.. . The fitness center looked AWESOME. Very big. We never got a chance to use it though. We just stayed the one night in Vegas which was fine for not being right on the strip. We basically didn't leave the hotel/casino that night. Dinner at FU Asian cuisine. . . Outdoor pool area looked nice too. It was mid April on a Tuesday night and it looked closed/empty. We walked around but the pools were filthy with debris. Maybe they clean it at night/early morning for the next day?. . For just the night in Vegas the room was awesome enough that we stayed in the whole night and "watched TV." Good channels.
I loved the decor. Jimmy Hendrix can hang over my bed any day. Cymbals line the hallway as reflectors for the lights. . . The bed was incredibly comfortable, but beware! If you have allergies to down, like I do, the pillows, blanket, and mattress pad were all down. No wonder they were so comfortable! They were once meant to keep the ducks all cozy warm. Make sure you take your Zyrtec, or other allergy meds. . . There were a number of pools, surrounded by little sand beaches. It was a different vibe then I've seen at other pools. Even though it was early afternoon on a Thursday, all the lounge chairs were taken, or supposedly reserved for future occupants, by their buddies. 'Oh, I'm saving these for someone.' The pool drinks are EXPENSIVE! A dollar an ounce for a pool drink! Between the two of us with 2 drinks and a tip, we spent 70 dollars!. . The casino itself is shaped in a circle with the restaurants surrounding. I was surprised that this hotel, the Hard Rock being so popular, wasn't on the strip. What I really liked about it was that it didn't smell as smoky as the rest of the hotels and I returned home smelling less like an ashtray than I normally do on a trek to Vegas. . . I would definitely stay here again!
Overall had a great experience here. The decor is so interesting. I loved checking out all the musical memorabilia. The cymbals in the hallways are really rad! Checking in and out was so easy and pleasant. The girl at the front desk was so friendly. Our room was great! The rooms are spacious, clean, and nicely decorated. We had a photograph of Janice Joplin in our room. The beds are so comfortable! . . HRH pool area was packed around noon on a Thursday. We barely were able to find chairs, even after searching the three pools. The prices for food and drinks are so expensive by the pool. Service was slow, but it's a pretty lazy setting-as you are relaxing by the pool. We were in the sand area. The chairs are the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in! We kept joking about it. I guess they got manageable after a couple rounds of drinks. We had a voucher for a cabana, and it said to reserve it, and it actually is first come first served. Kind of dumb to give out a voucher where it clearly states to have a reservation and then when you call to make it, they say to just come down and hopefully one is open. . . Restaurants are average. Not amazing, but it's okay for late night or happy hour.. . We would go back because of the room and the decor!
I think its the hard wood floors that got me.  The casino is small which I enjoyed. They also have a good variety of games, especially slots. . . This is an off the strip location with a lot of music memorabilia and great restaurants (my favorite is Culinary Dropout). Great place to stay if you don't mind driving or don't mind taking a cab this is a great place to stay.. . If you like them on FB they advertise some great rates. There is an offer for 45% off right now.
Great time in Vegas. The room was great with a cool view and the downstairs was just insane!!! Plus one of thebest clubs in Vegas is inside the Hard Rock Hotel.
Came for a stag party. Great base, attentive staff. While the Hotel is off the strip that has it's perks too. Easier to get around. Vegas always has Cab challenges. . . Ate at several of the restaurants and they were good.. . Went to Top Rank Boxing at the Joint, perfect venue for almost any event.. . Andrew Dice Clay at Vinyl was a scream.. . The Rehab party is everything you've ever heard and more.
This was a really fun hotel, also very nice. However, it is not  place for kids. Not really a family place. It is more of a singles or couples kind of place.
I used the Priceline "N.Y.O.P." option to book a relatively cheap 3-night Summer Family Getaway to Vegas and must admit that I was initially disappointed with the result. Online reviews aren't favorable and everyone complains about the High Daily Resort fee. (All of the decent Vegas Casinos are heading towards a $25/night charge now. Call the hotel before checking-in so your not surprised at the Front Desk)        . . Sidenotes before I go into a Pro/Con List: Yes, the pool music is loud but it only adds to the atmosphere. Yes, there is a Cigarette/Mary Jane aroma. You're in Vegas, get your ass out of the room. After 72 hours, I caved and decided I'm a Fan.... . PRO's. - $20 Room Upgrade Trick was Successful (Paradise Tower Rooms are significantly better than Casino Tower. Especially when comparing the bathroom size). - Beds: Comfortable and Clean  . - Pool Area: Sunday Rehab Pool party is still lively after all these years. - Mr. Lucky's 777 Special (Salad, Mashed Potatoes, Steak & Shrimp for $7.77)  . - Casino Layout: Especially if you like Music Memorabilia  . - Lots of places Convenient & Liquor Stores nearby. . CON's. - Off the Strip. (Run App showed 0.89 miles from Front Desk to Strip not 0.4 miles that I read online). - Coupons given at Check-in are a joke. - Casino empty at times. Where is everyone?
It's no Venetian or Wynn but it's a cute, kitschy casino off The Strip.  We booked there because of a 50% off deal they had on Expedia and think that for the quality of the room, that the $89 was fair.  Sure, the room itself wasn't super cushy, it could have been cleaned a little more thoroughly, some paint could be touched-up and fixtures swapped out.... . But the service was friendly, both at the front desk and with their room service.. . The casino itself is kept up better, though. It has a bit of a younger, Jersey-Shore kinda crowd but it's youthful and high-energy on the floor.. . If you plan on spending $200+ a room then maybe check out the other hotels on The Strip. But if you can snag a deal at The Hard Rock, go for it.
Great rooms and won plenty on slots!
Stayed in Paradise tower 5th floor, the theme is dark black guess its called rocker which is okay for me, not sure for others. It's a bidding result from Priceline under 4 stars hotel, quite a deal on price, can see the hotel is trying to improve the reputation. Love the Rehab pool, a nap in free daybed without waitress keeps coming over to wake you up is so free and relaxing.
HRH is growing on me.  About six years ago I was disappointed in the food choices, room quality and pricing.  Now, the rooms are much more luxurious, including an ipod docking station allowing you to play your tunes throughout the bedroom and bathroom.  The studio suite is stylish, modern yet with that warm romantic feel making it a perfect place for a get away with your love (or lover)  The food is steadily improving as Culinary Dropout, 35 Steaks and Martinis, FU, Pink Taco and a revamped Mr. Lucky's offer excellent food.  The Ainsworth is a hip club (but don't eat there) with reverse karaoke (you pick the song, the regular singer sings it) on Fridays.  Rooms at the HRH range between 30-150 per night depending on your method of booking and the conventions in town but you can usually find a suite for 50-70 on hotwire or travelocity.  The staff is always friendly and offer upgrades at checkin depending on availabilty, for a fraction of the price to book them separately.. . The casino is smallish and dark but lit up by a wide variety of slots. BIG PLUS - IT DOESN"T SMELL LIKE THEY DIPPED THE HOTEL INTO AN ASHTRAY WHEN THEY BUILT IT.  It is hard to find tables during crowded nights  so keep your money and head to the pool/rehab bar for eye candy and tunes. . . My biggest beef with the HRH is the Joint.  Oh, I like seeing an act there, but the entrance to the joint is in the middle of the hall from the main parking to the casino.  There is a small hallway there and when there is a big event, usually heavy metal, or some kind of punk band, you have to push your way through throngs of concert goers as they rarely have organized lines.. . I also wish they offered a better gaming card.  The offers I get are either a few dollars off restaurants or play $20.00 use 10$ freeplay.  . . Still, for a reasonable getaway right in the middle of my hometown, you can't beat the Hard Rock.
This would probably be my favorite hotel - if I were 10 years younger. However; the plastic people at Rehab and drug scene is no longer my thing. What it reminds me of is MTV's Spring Break show (filmed in Daytona Beach, FL). . Don't get me wrong, the place is awesome - especially the pool. Who doesn't mind running into a rock star now and then?? My friend met Tommy Lee and Vince Neil in the casino - on 2 separate occasions and we met  the band AFI at our blackjack table. It's a crap shoot (no pun intended) but if you are going to see anyone famous in Vegas, it'll probably be here. . I love having a balcony that faces the pool...but only when I am pre-funking and getting ready to go out. Try taking a hangover nap midday in that same room and you will be screaming for a cot in a janitors closet, if it means peace and quiet.. I'm surprised they still have balconies, considering the suicide rate in Vegas, but the view from each is totally killer! Again, no pun intended. . I have no idea if the buffet is any good, because we eat every meal at the Pink Taco. Why? Because I could eat Taco Bell every day and this is like TB times ten! The prices aren't bad either. . Honestly, the only sucky thing about the Hard Rock - if I had to come up with something - is the jaunt to the strip. Sure, you can catch a cab...but that's money that should be spent by the pool. On $15 drinks. Yeah, that sucks too...but who wants to be inside gambling to get free watered down drinks when you can have a drink in your hand as you experience "Rehab" (pool party). . Body English (formerly "Babies") is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas...as well it had better be - to keep people from jumping into said cabs to the strip. . Really, the hotel-casino has done a very good job making the joint (a play on words; also a rock and roll concert venue inside the casino) somewhere you do not want to leave.  . This is a spot that you don't mind paying a little bit extra for.
Ah I miss the Twitter deals of yesteryear that would get me to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino for $50 a night in the Paradise Towers. Sadly those no longer happen but I'll always fondly think of it as where I stayed for my 21st birthday... and some random weekend in April 2010... and my 23rd birthday..... . Wow. Time flies.. . Unless you have a pool facing view, avoid the Casino rooms and go for the Paradise Towers instead. It's worth the price increase. Paradise rooms are all new with awesome amenities and plushy beds to lay your weary head down for for 45 minutes. They just feel so much cleaner. Think of it this way, less coke has been blown in the Paradise rooms compared to the much older Casino rooms.. . As you might have guessed, the crowd that stays here is more of the "young-and-forever-a-rocker-at-heart" variety. I would never consider this a family friendly place unless you like the idea of explaining alcohol and (especially) drugs to your children at a very young age. Save the kiddos for the Bellagio or something more PC.. . This hotel has lots of fun restaurants inside to recover from at all hours of the day. I think every time I stayed here I ended up at Mr. Lucky's 24/7 at some ungodly hour noshing on something deep fried covered in fat. It was heaven. There's also Pink Taco for your normal eating pleasure as well as Nobu to indulge in fancy sushi.. . It's also home to my favorite pool on the strip, Rehab and Vanity Nightclub. Rehab. Really, the pool is the best. Softly sloping sandy beaches, palm trees, islands and cabanas all around. Rehab, the HOTTEST pool party in Vegas takes place at their pool every Sunday from April through October. Vanity is their new club that basically replaced Body English which opened in 2009.. . Bottom line: the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino is located off the strip which can be a pain but it is definitely worth the trip if you are coming or staying for the pool and Rehab!. . Oh and I really want to stay in the Provocateur Suite one of these days... *hint hint wink wink*
My room was clean, enough.  The chair had stains on it but I just didn't use it.  The staff was super friendly and even got me an early check in because I got in before 3PM.  Location isnt ideal but the pool was still pretty solid even with bad weather.
I just love our room! Got an upgrade for a lux suite! 20dollar trick works!!
My experiences with the Hard Rock hotel over the last few days have felt very much like a shaky relationship. Ups and downs. Disappointments and pleasant surprises. I've had moments where I wanted to kick the Hard Rock out to the curb, followed by blissfully comfortable moments.. . Let's start with the good stuff.. . 1. 24/7 room and desk service. That mimosa and Mediterranean platter hit the spot, and the cart was rolled right up to the bed.. 2. A pretty spectacular pool area. I'm going to be taking advantage of that in the morning.. 3. Cool shops, including a tattoo parlor, clothing store, cafe/deli, Mexican restaurant, watch shop, and little knick knack store.. 4. Beds so soft and inviting, they're hard to get out of.. 5. A fully stocked mini bar in the room.. 6. A ginormous shower in the hotel bathroom.. 7. Hip rooms with lovely dark decor (aside from the white bedspreads).. . The stuff that makes me want to sign the divorce papers:. . 1.I feel like they jipped us on the room. I had a voucher worth a $130 credit, and they demanded we stay at least two nights (we only intended to stay one night due to the prices).. 2. We reserved a king room. Upon check in, they said the "requested" room had been given to someone else, so we'd have to pay for an upgrade (to get our originally reserved deal??) or take the two queens. Two beds it is!. 3. The staff can be hit or miss. Some seem to be over privileged punks; some are quite friendly.. 4. We were told we would have a balcony room. Nope, no balcony.. 5. The pricing on the room items is insulting. $8 for a small bottle of water or a plastic roll of Skittles... Classy.. . I guess if you want to stay at the Hard Rock, you've gotta be a rockstar, or at least be able to afford rock star commodities. But the hotel itself is fairly new, well designed, and has an entertaining selection of rock star paraphernalia.. . Fine, Hard Rock. Let's give this thing a shot. I'm burning the divorce papers and pouring us some shots.
HRH was cool!. . We stayed between two places.     Compared to the Palazzo - this place was younger and cooler in my opinion.  . . If you are looking to be close to the strip - this place is not for you. . . . . The Pool:. HRH - has a huge pool and music throughout the complex.    I highly recommend renting a cabana if you are with a group.    We had 6 guys in our group and had the cabana all day.    The pool provides a sand bottom in some areas as well as the traditional pool floor in other areas.    . . The Gambling:. Preferred the Palazzo.   Not as cool or good.   You can lose your money at both places easily.. . The Food:. The Palazzo has more options but I really enjoyed Mr. Lucky's Diner.    Pink Taco was okay / nothing to rave about.    . . Enjoy your time... you are never in the hotel room anyway.
Stayed at the HRH in the Casino Tower this past Sunday thinking the crowd from the recent fight would be gone. Just to find out that there was an event at the HRH with Nelly making an appearance. Therefore the crowds did not die down as expected. . . Oh well, did not affect us getting our reserved room. The room itself in the casino tower was adequate enough for the night. The bed was heaven... pillow-top heaven! That is probably the norm now here in Vegas, but it has been a while since I've been back. . . Though I do have to say, since the casino itself was crowded for the event. It affected the queue to the lucky 24-7 cafe downstairs which made us go outside the casino for a midnight meal. . . Overall it was a your standard Vegas room, albeit in the older one of their towers. Would I stay here again? If I got the same deal again... Definitely!!
Will have stayed here three times in the recent weeks.  Years back I used to find the casino a bit annoying here because it's was smaller and crazy busy.  Now with the newer tower and a good stable of long time restaurants I find the place appealing as a guest.  The king casino tower suite was very nice, cool decor, and would stay there again.  Last time we were supposed to get a king suite in the newer tower but they were booked so they upgraded us to the boom boom suite.  Very cool and huge room equipped with a stripper pole.  Gotta love Vegas.  Cool hotel and will be back.
Klasse Hotel. Man benotigt allerdings ein wenig Zeit, bis man all die verschiedenen Wege innerhalb des Komplexes erkundet hat. Die Zimmer sind super!. Die Lautstarke an den Pools ist etwas storend am Tag. Die Taxifahrt zum Strip kostet 10 USD und sollte in Anspruch genommen werden. Die Preise an der Bar sind etwas ubertrieben, aber gerade noch erschwinglich.
I didn't visit anything more than their concert area.  I saw a Motley Crue concert, and it was great.  It was a relatively small stage/venue, but the seating was great.
In addition to the awesomeness I wrote about earlier this year at the Hard Rock, I wanted to add this info about the Hard Rock Pool Complex in Summer:. . Not sure where to post about the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Pool Complex when you're not actually talking specifically about Rehab, which is what you hear about the most so I'll post this here and on the page for the hotel.  But, the coolest thing about the Hard Rock Hotel Pool Complex is that during the week, you can use the pools for FREE!  Yup, I said free!. . When we walked in there wasn't anyone around to direct us or check us or anything, so we just grabbed some towels and started wandering to see where we wanted to hang out.  The first thing we saw was the Rehab pool area and there was a DJ booth set up, the big pool and then a bar and swim up gaming that was not being used while we were there.  The pool continued on the other side and around the bar and on that side, there was a water slide.  I was happy about that as I love waterslides!  We wandered until we found a spot that had a little sun, but plenty of shade, too as the husband likes to stay in the shade.  We got settled in and after a little while decided it was time to take a dip. OH HELL NO!  The pool was so freaking cold I could not stay in it... we headed to the Jacuzzi to warm up and I knew there was no way I was hitting THAT waterslide.  The water was like ice water.  That would explain why so few peoplewere in it.  I was pretty bummed, but we went back toour lounge chairs and did some reading.  Oh, by the way, near the DJ side of the pool there are VERY few chairs... if you want to sit, you need to rent the daybeds, etc. that are available, but as you head to the other side, you will find some chairs, but not many!. . After we'd been there a couple of hours, we decided to go try the little pool near the top of the waterslide to see if it was warmer (it wasn't) and then we saw a sign for another pool, so started exploring.  What we found were more cabanas that are above the DJ area and another pool, Breathe.  Unfortunately, Breathe was closed so we couldn't even see it, but then we noticed just around another corner was the Nirvana pool and thank you, this one was warm enough to swim in and there was a pool near the bar that was seriously warm.  We picked up our gear and headed over to Nirvana, aptly named at this point.. . Nirvana has a sandy beach on one side and the other side is your standard tile pool.  It is also surrounded by cabanas and there is a bar with some bar games and it looks like they do swim up gaming when they are busier.. . It's unfortunate that the other pools are so freezing, but its nice to know that there was still a pool that is swimmable.  I just wish we'd discovered it earlier in the day!. . I loved the layout and the landscaping of the Hard Rock pools.  The option for non-guests to visit for free during the week is AWESOME, but I think they make up for it with the outrageous drink prices, so we stuck to the free ice water they set out.  I just can't drop $20 on a 12oz drink.  YIKES!. . I definitely recommend you check this out when you're pool hopping Vegas like we do in the summer and we will totally be back if they do this next summer!
I really like the theme of the hotel. The rock theme is prominent throughout the lobby of the hotel and it matriculates into each hotel room. In other words the lobby is full of "rock" memorabilia. One can walk around for hours just reading about all of the history of rock and roll. It is incredible! . . I have stayed there twice and both times I have enjoyed the experience. . . When walking through the hotel hallways, everything is decorated with rock infused concepts. They are also always playing rock music which totally sets the tone. . . The actual hotel rooms, are very spacious. The TV's are nice, the beds are very comfortable, the sheets are nice, and the pillows are fluffy. Although the shower handles were a bit old and were falling a part, and the heating system didn't regulate the temperature very well, the hotel was nice other than those two elements. Oh, and the bathroom and bedroom lights are perfectly adjusted so that they don't blind you first thing in the morning. Also, there are blackout curtains which really great as they help you sleep in! . . The jacuzzi bathtub is a really nice addition. . . The view from the hotel was very nice as well. We could see the strip! The elevators moved very quickly and smoothly. . . We were upgraded on the spot which was very nice. The customer service is very good. And this entire hotel is great for the price you pay to stay there.
I really liked the style of this hotel.  All of the staff I met were friendly and accommodating.  None of the staff came into the room to rush us out during check out, which is a plus. Check in took a while and should have been faster.  There was a lot of confusion when it came to the pools.  Even though it was around 70 degrees each day I was there, they were sometimes closed and then opened other days. . My hotel room was at the end of the hall, which took forever to walk to, but I fully appreciated how quiet it was.  I liked the variety of the restaurants in the hotel and I like their casino.
The Hard Rock Hotel is a music buff's dream hotel. The hotel and casino areas are filled with memorabilia. Which was my favorite part. The staff was great! Being that it was our first time here we were unsure of which desk to check in at. We picked the wrong desk, but the lady working was very understanding and friendly. She got us checked in no problem and pointed in the correct direction. The room was spacious, clean, and very comfortable. The only reason I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 was because our room was freezing when we arrived and it seemed to take a while to get it heated up and was difficult keeping the temp. regulated. Also, I wish there was a larger variety of casino games to play, slots in particular. Otherwise, it was a fun stay for a good price.
A bit of a strange spot given itsoff strip location and obvious focus on Rock music.  Patrons seem a bit more Hollywood than the typical Vegas Casino, particularly when big shows are in town.  Absolutely loved the acoustics at The Joint and the Varvatos Bowery store, though dining options need some work.  Given the combination of Varvatos and the music I'll undoubtedly be back.
This is one of my favorite hotels to stay in when I go to Vegas. The deals they have on suites during the off season are great too.
I debated for a while between 3 or 4 stars.  If you could give halfs, I'd say this is a 3 1/2 star place.  The rooms are pretty great, clean and very nice.  The casino itself is adequate, it feels like a place that used to be really popular but isn't any more.  The biggest downfall of this place is it's location.  It's not on the strip, and it's far enough away that you don't want to walk there.  Overall though, it's alright, has plenty of food, gambling and clubs (if you're into that).
My third trip to Vegas and this hotel is the nicest one a far. $50 a night (found a deal) and rooms are nice, modern. The only complaint is that they get you with the high prices for restaurants and other services. Especially since this hotel is a little out the way from the strip. I like that they have a John Varvatos store in the building. I love their stuff (for my husband of course:) I'm not a rocker but I really like this hotel.
Why is it that every time I stay here and get placed in the Paradise Tower after the 3/4 mile hike my room key doesn't work? It's comical how many times this has happened to me. . Besides the Starbucks being a convenience, the decor is cool and the music is awesome. Food is good around the clock of you're up late and the pool is one of my favorites
It was a decent stay. i felt like it was a bit overpriced for the quality of the hotel itself because hard rocks are like 4 star hotels in my eyes just in prime locations so they charge 5 star price for 4 star treatment but then again it is Las Vegas & this is the Hard Rock Hotel. I live in Miami & the Ft Lauderdale charges nearly the same year round. but It was a decent decorated room. the bathroom is beautiful. the view outside the room was over looking the pool area which was also very beautiful. especially in the morning. they did a very good job cleaning extremely messy rooms. we were in Vegas & throwing our clothes almost everywhere but would return and they would be organized in one area for us which I highly admired the cleaners for. it came with a coupon book I highly suggest you read as soon as you get to your room. I didn't read that book until I got back to Miami and was pissed because it wassome nice free offers inside especially paying what I paid for the stay there. they have a van that drive you to the Vegas strip. we rented a car which I would recommend unless your just in Vegas for shopping & partying and even still it's much more useful to just have a rental car and leave and go where ever you feel like. I was able to check my bill & checked out the HRH via TV which was awesome because we were late waking up. I would give it 5 stars but I'm bitter. it wasn't a wonderful experience for the wonderful money they were paid. it was October and getting cold & Vegas tourism was slowing down. no need to pay summer prices for fall. overall I don't think you'll have a bad stay here you just might not feel like the prices add up to the quality of hotel the HRH is
I really don't understand all of the recent negative reviews of this hotel.Maybe it was my lucky night when I stayed here, as the service and pricing were spot on for my stay. I would upgrade my rating to 5 stars if the hotel itself was as modern as its rooms, and if it didn't include a resort fee. At least with the resort fee you are provided ample parking and WiFi access for your wireless devices. The front desk and room service employees were very friendly. I paid $45 for a tower suite with a strip view on a Friday night! The suite was very modern looking and offered more cable channel selections (including HBO) than most Vegas hotels I have stayed in. The room service was pricey as to be expected for any hotel on the strip, but the food was delicious and the delivery was quite fast. I was also able to grab to a pretty tasty and filling breakfast sandwich from Fuel Cafe for a little over $7 with tax right before I checked out.
