I had a really fantastic experience here-- great food and attentive service. It gets quite crowded at lunch time, so make sure you have reservations or come prepared to wait.. . The must-have is the beef carpaccio. I don't even know how to describe it, but it's amazing. They're also known for their house-made pasta; the meatball pasta was really delicious. I didn't like the fish too much because the cilantro rice was bland and not that interesting. However, the fish itself was cooked perfectly. I would say to order the beef carpaccio and some kind of pasta and you're 100% sure to have a fabulous meal!. . It could have been a 5 except two things: 1. the rice, and 2. they couldn't accommodate us for window seating even though we specifically requested it.
I've been to Olives many times, and it was great each time.  It's a perfect place for a quick satisfying lunch.  Most of the time, I was there for lunch, only had a dinner there once which was also great.  Not really a pizza fan, but their portobello mushroom pizza is so good.  I really like their beef carpaccio too!
Heard it was good for its seafood so I was super excited to try this place during my visit to Vegas. The inside is dark, but the atmosphere is relaxing and really pretty. I love the location of Olives, because you can see the Bellagio watershow outside the window while you eat. Pretty awesome. . . Starters: I ordered the Capaccio and was really glad i did. The meat was fresh, and comes with a little salad. . Dishes: I ordered the Halibut. It was okay, i wasn't too impressed with it. My friend who told me to get this dish said the fish is suppose to taste like butter. But it didn't. It was still good. Loved the spinach risotto, it made the whole dish more on the creamy side. . . The sea bass on the other hand, tasted like butter. If i could have a do-over, i would order the sea bass. . . The ribeye was nothing out of the ordinary, but still delicious.
As everyone has said and I agree: the beef carpacchio is amazing.. . My girlfriends and I went here for lunch, and we made reservations and were seated immediately. They brought us a basket of crackers and breads with olive dip and olives to nibble on. The service was great throughout.. . We ordered appetizers to share: beef carpacchio (DELICIOUS), shrimp and chorizo flatbread (has a spicy kick to it but really flavorful), five onion soup (wasn't memorable), and a salad.. . What I liked most was the ambiance and service. Since we shared appetizers and starters, the bill wasn't bad at all and we were very pleased and satisfied with our meal before we headed out to shop and enjoy the rest of Vegas.
Olives is a great double date spot and highly recommended by us locals. The atmosphere is warm and relaxing, with nice views of the Bellagio Fountain show. They start you off with a tasty selection of breads, olives, and tapenade that we couldn't stop gobbling. Their mixed drinks were delicious - the cable car is divine. We ordered a steak, salmon trio, prime rib, and a rabbit duo. The only "miss" was the rabbit, which was a bit dry and tough. Everything else was wonderful, and you'll wonder why you've never had salmon tabbouleh before when you try it.  Our vanilla bean souffle for dessert wasn't a miss exactly, but it wasn't terribly special, either. You'd be better off strolling across the casino and through the atrium to Jean Phillipe for some outstanding gelato. If you're looking for a great meal with good service and not an ounce of snootiness, though, Olives is your place.
We had dinner at Olives before our Cirque du Soleil show since both venues were located at the Bellagio. . . We weren't seated near a window, like I'd requested when I made the reservation for three. Instead we were seated in the middle of the dining room with contagious excited energy stirring around us. . . We shared:. -- Crab beignets: beignet was light & very crispy & filled with a sweet/savory crab filling. Topped with a delicate avocado sauce. Delicious!. -- shrimp encrusted mahi mahi: basically crispy fried shrimps top firm, tasty mahi mahi. Came with a bit of mushroom risotto. . --fig & prosciutto flatbread: I am a fan of thin crust pizzas so I loved that their menu has a variety of flatbreads. This one was a mix of salty from the gorgonzola cheese & prosciutto & sweet from the figs & fig jam. Crust was thin, but chewy & flavored with Rosemary. Try it!. . Every dish was so sophisticated, so fancy in it's execution & presentation, as well as brimming with flavor. The bread basket came with a parmesan crisp & a chocolate bread that paired so well with their olive tapenade. We left with very happy mouths.
I love this place.  I've been here about 5 or 6 times and its one of those restaurants I always recommend to people when they are looking for good food on the strip.  . . First of all, if you get a balcony table, the view of the fountains and the strip is very nice.  . . Second of all, they have the BEST beef carpaccio on the strip!  Delicious, thinly cut raw beef drizzled with balsalmic and shaved pieces of parmesan....Yum!  If you dont wanna go for dinner, atleast stop at the bar for a cocktail and the carpaccio!  . Third of all, great service.  There are a lot of people on staff there to make sure you have a wonderful dinning experience!  Our water was always full and we always had everything we  needed!  They are definitely professionals working there.. . My fiance and I went for an early valentines dinner / late lunch on Monday.  We ordered a bottle of red and we always get the carpaccio and octopus to start. He always gets the short rib and this time I opted for a mushroom crusted halibut special they had on the V-day menu.  Everything was on point and each bite made my taste buds feel like there was a party in my mouth!  We ended the meal with the dessert on special and we split an espresso martini (they put it in two separate martini glasses for us and they were the size of a full martini each)  Bonus! .         . The dessert was a flourless chocolate cake with baileys icecream and chocolate covered strawberries.  Awesome!  The martini glass with the cake and icecream was rimmed with sugar and pop rocks!  It was a really fun surprise to the dessert.  . Can't wait to go back!
Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!!!!. Located in the Via Bellagio Promenade, this Mediterranean-style establishment has outdoor seating with view of their remarkable Bellagio Fountain as a backdrop! It's so romantic.. . Their bread alone would make me fly/drive/run back here in an instant.. They have two kinds of bread and they serve it with a smorgasbord of olive spreads. OMG!!! I knew i loved olives, but it wasn't until I ate here that I realized how much my love for them would grow.. . I would have been content eating the bread and olive spreads alone, but the waiter urged us to order an entree.. We ordered the Ricotta Ravioli and Fried Sea Scallops.. The food just MELTS in your mouth, the combination of fried sea scallops and their rosemary mashed potatoes and veggies - oh my, my mouth waters just remembering it.. . My reason for the -1 Star?? I ended up getting a little sick through dinner, I don't think it was from the food itself because no one else got sick, but it put a tiny damper on my night.. . Regardless, it is my goal to return to Vegas and eat here once again!!!
Two words: Bread Basket.. . We were in Vegas this past weekend and had a Valentine's Day lunch at Olives. . . We have been to Olives before and do not at all remember the awesomeness of the bread basket.  But the first time we were there, we were totally babies - just started dating, all in love, sitting on the patio at night watching the fountains.  I was probably trying to impress him with my total indifference to carbs.  But here we are, a few years later, about to be married and I pretty much attacked that bread basket.  Onion focaccia, garlicy-cheesy crisp things, and spiced up dinner rolls.  I was in heaven!. . We ate more than just bread - we shared the Calimari which was somewhat more salad-like than just regular calimari.  I thought the sauces were very good and ate more of the sauces/dressing and the greens than actual calimari. . . He ordered a shrimp pasta dish that had some Asian flavors going on.  I think it was the pea shoots that I eat on other dishes, but it kind of threw me.  A very saucy dish, but good.. . I had the Olives burger which I had my eye on from our last visit. The glazed balsamic onion was a nice addition and the burger itself was really juicy.  Combined with the greasy bun it made for a somewhat messy burger - and that sauced up onion was sliding all over the place!. . We had very good service and it was a nice way to end an awesome weekend in Vegas!
CARPACCIO!!!! GET IT!!!! You won't regret this one!. . While other people are busy shopping for Xmas gifts, I'm always busy thinking and dreaming of what my Xmas meal will be. For 2010, I went to Olives for my Xmas dinner and was amazed at the wonderful service and delicious food. . . We ordered off of their Xmas menu so some of the items featured are not a part of the regular menu...sadness *tears* I was thankful I came here to celebrate my Xmas nonetheless.. . For starters I had the carpaccio and the chestnut soup. The Carpaccio is freaking amazing and its HUGE! The whole plate alone could have been my entree and I would have left a happy happy girl. Amazing, fresh, and clean flavors, it was soooo good, I still drool dreaming of it. The polenta cake on the bottom though was a miss and I would have been happy without it. The chestnut soup was creamy and delicious, not too strong or heavy. . . I split the Lobster pappardelle and duck two ways. The pappardelle was very generous in lobster portions. It had a full lobster tail plus more lobster chunks cooked with the pappardelle. The duck two ways wasn't bad, but I've come to realize that I'm just far too picky about duck that its hard to please me.. . I didn't like the dessert selection, but I went with the cookie plate because it seemed the safest of all the choices for me. It was actually a surprisingly delicious treat. Cookies were warm, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. Peanut butter cookie was the bomb and the cookies were still delicious the day after!. . Would definitely come here again. The service is great and the food is amazing, I would love to just try out some of the other selections in the future! Todd English lives up to the hype!
First let me say I'm a Boston Olive's fan of many years so I was apprehensive about the Las Vegas  venue but I'm pleased to say it was unfounded.  From the seating through the desert Olive's met our expectations.  Beautifully plated salads and entrees, knowledgeable waitstaff, a lovely view and an accommodating kitchen made for an outstanding meal. . With so many restaurants in LV where price does not necessarily indicate quality, it was reassuring to find the high standards of the Boston location were upheld and perhaps exceeded.
One word Beef Carpaccio!!  Amazing.
The steak was AMAZING and of course if you can get a seat outside on the balcony there is no better view in Vegas. The wine list is a bit over-priced and the service wasn't the best as they forgot us in the bar while waiting for a table for over an hour (it was a 20 minute wait). Overall though a great place and fabulous food!
first off i have to say, awesome seats! we didnt make a reservation and had a party of 8.  luckily we only waited about 15 mins or less because we were also in a rush to go see O after dinner.  but our table was nonetheless awesome.  we sat in this kind of sequestered area where it almost made us feel like we got a private room.  we were right next to the windows too so we had an awesome view of the bellagio fountains and they went off every 10-20 min. interval during dinner.. . my group was... rambunctious, that's a nice way to put it.  so i apologize to the waiter that had to deal with two members of our party. but other wise dinner went well.  I'm a fan of their pastas so i got their butternut squash ravioli.  it was just the right amount of sweet. my boyfriend got their seafood flatbread.  i liked the fig flatbread when I went to the NY Olives.  . . I wish i had more time to enjoy dinner because we rushed off to O right after but if I come back to Vegas i'll make a note to stop by again!
I make it a point to go to Olives every time I'm in Las Vegas. It's delicious! . . Every time I go, I order the butternut squash tortellini--it's perfectly seasoned, and there's lots of squash with just the right amount of noodle. They also bring this neat assortment of breads with olives on the side as an appetizer. . . The cocktails are also wonderful, and the service is pretty excellent too. But, my favorite part of all is the view! You can see the Bellagio fountains go off at night. It's a great view during dinner!
A very solid place to dine while in Vegas.  Nothing too over the top, or extraordinary, but a menu full of very flavorful food in an exciting atmosphere.  Also serving a nice selection of wines and great mixed drinks.. . If on a date and looking for more of a romantic dinner,  I would suggest  asking for one of the more secluded tables with views of the Bellagio Fountains.   Outdoor seating also available. . . Will be back during one of my future visits to Las Vegas.
My boyfriend and I made reservations for Olives during our recent trip to Las Vegas. The food and atmosphere were fabulous!. .  We made reservations, so being seated was quick and easy. The decor was beautiful - warm colors and an olive branch motif. An added plus was the bursting fountains right outside the window! My only problem was that the booth I was seated in was too low for the table, so I felt like I was sitting in a hole. . . We were quickly served a variety of breads and olives, which were all very delicious (my boyfriend told me it was the best bread he has ever eaten in his life). I ordered the seared beef tenderloin and my boyfriend ordered the rabbit two ways and some wine. Both were presented beautifully. My steak was cooked perfectly and had the softest texture of any steak I have ever had. There was a quail egg and mushroom ravioli on top of the steak, which was very delicious, yet surprising because the quail egg yolk bursts in your mouth. I think my favorite part of the dish was the crispy parsnip chips that were perched on top like a flower! I tasted the rabbit two ways, which was even better than mine. The flavors were very complex, so we left satisfied.. . The service was overall good and the waiter was nice, but I must say he was one of the most awkward servers I have had in a long time. He really did not know how to talk to us. When wine was ordered he could barely ask for an ID. We are  21, we look young, you should not be afraid to ask us for our ID, since it's part of the job. He also seemed to give us different service than the older patrons. I might be young, but when I am ordering the most expensive thing on the menu I would appreciate equal treatment. . . It was definitely pricey, but I would recommend anyone to splurge!
I have probably eaten here 10 times and the Beef Carpaccio is the reason.  5 stars alone for this dish.  It is hard to describe, you just have to believe me and try it yourself. . . I have been pregnant the last 4 visits, and since I must refrain from consuming raw items, I have had a chance to finally try other items on the menu. . The Scallop entree and the Fig and Prosciutto Flatbread- are also 5 star worthy. But the other dishes I have tried (olives burger, butternut squash tortelli, roasted chicken dish) are a hair above average- thus the 4 star rating as a whole. . . The view is amazing, the service is fabulous, and reservations are a must!
Good view (bellagio fountain) + good food + good service = 4.5 stars!. . Bread Basket + olive tapenade= delicious (but BEWARE... do not fill up on . bread, even though it tastes great, gotta save room for the amazing food). . Beef Carpaccio = AMAZING!!!!!!!! This is a MUST if you go here! Seriously, it is melt in your mouth amazing! . . Fig and Prosciutto flatbread= sweet and salty. savory to the extreme! a must try!!! . . Go here, try it out! but make sure you have a RESERVATION, this place is always packed. So a reservation is your best bet.
Yay!!! A great way to experience the Bellagio. . . The experience was impeccable, with a profession waitstaff that flowed well together seamlessly. . . The food was divine, starting right with the bread and spreads. (Oh, bring on thosecarbs.!!!) The Fig and Prosciutto was spot on. Two of us were bought and sold with the Tuna tartar. This is a dish that can be so insipid in the wrong hands. Here, is is treated like the jewel of a plate that is should be. Bravo.. . Next time we will ask for a patio spot to watch the fountains. It was a bit nippy (for this south Florida girl) so the inside was the right choice this night.
During our trip to Vegas we knew we wanted to indulge in at least ONE good meal for our anniversary. We decided to go to Todd English's Olives Restaurant at the Bellagio and I'm so glad we did. With so many restaurants to choose from in Vegas, we were sold by the delicious-sounding menu and the reviews of the Lump Crab Beignets...on with it. . . So we started with the Lump Crab Beignets -- absolutely delicious! I've had nothing like these crispy little balls of goodness. You must try this. You won't be disappointed.. . We also ordered the Kobe Beef Tartare -- although it was good, it was not our favorite part of our meal simply because the competition was fierce! :). . I ordered the Pork Chop with Clam Sauce -- OH EM GEE. The absolute BEST pork chop you'll ever sink your teeth into. I typically don't order pork chops, but I'm so happy I decided to be daring that night. I fell in love as soon as I cut into that crispy chop and fed myself a piece that was equal parts juicy white meat and straight up fatty goodness. There's nothing worse than a lean, dry pork chop. BO-RING. This hit the spot and that clam sauce was so good. Hubby was jealous.. . He ordered the Braised Beef which was your standard tender goodness you'd expect from a braised beef -- a sure winner for those not-so-adventurous types. . . For dessert we ordered their Cookies & Milk Gelato platter -- so tasty and so clever, and get this...they even wrote "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate. Bonus points for attention to detail!. . One of the highlights of Olives is you can request seating that allows you to watch the water show during dinner. The place is packed and pretty dim, but service was did not suffer. . . Thank you for a memorable Anniversary Dinner, Olives! We hope to visit you again soon.
Anytime my husband and I want a romantic date or a great place to socialize with our friends over a great dinner, Olives is the place we go in Las Vegas.  The balcony overlooks the Bellagio fountains, so not only do you get a fabulous dinner but the view is spectacular.  As for price- the value doesn't get much better than Olives...  Less pricey than most places on the strip, Olives offers predictably good food at an affordable price.  The beef carpaccio appetizer melts in your mouth.  Butternut squash is one of my favorite dishes.  This past weekend, I had the shrimp crusted pacific swordfish and lump crab beignets.  Balcony seating is first come first serve.  The secret?  Make a fairly early dinner reservation (between 5-7).  Arrive 30-45 minutes early and let the hostess know you'd like to sit outside and ask if they can put you on the list while you enjoy a drink in the bar.  It works every time.
Great place for lunch! Great service. Great food. Great ambiance.. . We enjoyed both the Tuna Carpaccio and the Beef Carpaccio. They were both starters, but totally enough for the 2 of us. Complimentary breads and tapanades were good too. Ice tea was nice and refreshing, but really, $4.50 for ice tea? Other than that,we enjoyed our lunch at Olives!
Another meal with the vegetarians yielded a delicious flat bread/pizza with morels (bacon on the side!) and a butternut squash ravioli.  Excellent access to the outdoors with the patio, giving one those views of the Bellagio fountains.  A much more casual restaurant than Picasso, but a nice respite from the clack-and-clang of it all.
Great food!
We had a group of 8 for lunch.  Got seated by the windows where you can watch the fountains.  Great food, drinks and service.  Had some sort of bourbon special drink.  Awesome.  Started to drag so the waiter suggested an espresso martini cocktail.  Wasn't sure about it but it was delicious.  . . Shared the tuna carpaccio and burger with truffle cheese.  Both were plentiful and really good.  So glad I shared because I never would have been able to finish.  Great place and I'd go back!
Todd English's Olives has it all - good service, good food and a goooood location!! . . I made reservations for 10 people to Olives super last minute (the week before) for a Saturday at 5:30 pm and they were very accommodating of our group, even though I added two people to the reservation at the very last minute! Keep in mind that although the patio seating for the Bellagio fountain would be amazing, they really can't make room for a huge group there. Also, they will hold your reservation for 15 minutes only!. . I ended up sharing a couple (pretty hefty sized) appetizers with the girls. The beef carpaccio recommended by Jenny J. was humongous and so good! The meat was definitely fresh and high quality and it covered a mound of crispy polenta. It was topped with parmesan and some greens meaning every single bite had a little bit of everything - super delicious and highly recommended as an appetizer!. . I also ordered the crab fritters which was very generous with the crab meat. It had a more Mexican food taste with avocado and a corn salsa type teal on top if it. Also recommended!. . All in all this was a great place to kick off a bachelorette weekend. I think I will always remember sitting by the gates to Bellagio and people stopping by to yell "Don't do it!!!!" to the bride! Classy, delicious...I just may be back!!
Love this place for the good location and great view of the Bellagio water fountain! I've been here twice and both times with a group of 5-6 people. The restaurant is great for couples as well as groups. The bread is so wonderful but I miss the olive bread they used to serve several years ago. They do have great bread served with olive spreads that are so yummy. Service was terrific.
Great steak and a patio seat is a must
Visited here for lunch on 6/22. Seated promptly without a reservation.. Took awhile for our waiter to get rolling towards us for our drink order.. We split an appetizer of calamari to start off with, which was pretty good.. Then had a special crab salad and a mushroom flat bread.. The crab salad was OK, nothing special. The mushroom flat-bread was excellent though. Intense flavor, rich with mushrooms on a super thin crust. It was quite tasty.. One other note is that the bread basket along with the olives spread is awesome. I kept eating this bread it was so good. I have been low carbing it and this bread was a real treat to veer of my path for once. Foccacia, some type of onion foccacia, and a very thin cracker like bread flavored with parmesan and garlic. Wow. They were all good.. Anyway..........I would most likely want to go back for that mushroom flat-bread again. I love mushrooms, so it made me a happy boy.. I give it 4 stars. Try it out yourself.
Enjoyable trattoria style dining, expert preparation. Overlooking the famous fountains at the Bellagio.
Greatdinner:. . - beef carpaccio outstanding. (2-4 people could share this.). - lobster bolognese inventive & outstanding.. - zucchini flower/crema flatbread good, not great. (breading on flowers too heavy). - staff very friendly and laid back (unlike some other places that can be stiff).. - breads and tapenades very nice.. - ask to sit by window (or on terrace if not too hot) to enjoy fountains. Pretty cool to dine by 250 ft wall of water!. - one drawback: seating is very cramped, and it's really loud. Reminds me of NYC restaurants, but in LV a bit more space is expected.
Ate here last week for dinner while on a quick trip to Vegas.  Overall, it was pretty good.  We started with the Crispy Tempura Prawns, which were quite tasty with the avocado cream.  I had the Butternut Squash Tortelli, which was delicious (although I was hoping for some textural contrast with the amaretti cookies), and my husband had the Dry-Aged Ribeye.  It was also very good, but under his medium-rare order slightly.. . The service was a little slow, but it was quite loud and busy the night we were there.  My only complaint would be the seating.  When I made the reservation, I had specifically requested seating on the patio.  When we arrived 15 minutes prior to our reservation, and were told it would be at least an hour before a table on the patio would be available.  That said, we will still return next time we're in town.
This is where my wife and I ate following our wedding!  We chose it because of its special location overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  This will be a restaurant I will return to every time I go to Vegas because of nostalgia.  . . Notice that I didn't give it 5 stars though.  Here is why- Our waiter was very inattentive.  After we were done with our meal, it took a long time and some flagging down to get our check.  Also, when I looked at our credit card bill later on, mysteriously our waiter was given $3 more tip than we had written on our receipt.  I am currently dealing with the credit card company with this issue.  . . Also, our reservation was at 10pm.  We had written as a note on the reservation that it was going to be our wedding dinner and requested a seat on the patio.  Unfortunately, they didn't have a seat for us when we arrived.  We had to wait about 30 minutes for a seat on the patio- Not the biggest deal since the seat we did get was right on the railing!. . The food was great! Food--- Dinner came with some great foccacia bread with olive spread- too bad we don't like olives.  Major Faux pas when I asked for butter!  . . We ordered the fig and prosciutto pizza for appetizer.  So unique!  Amazing!  . . For dinner we ordered 2 different pastas... A butternut squash tortellini and ricotta ravioli.  Both were great, but the tortellini was amazing!!!!!!  . . Oh, and did I mention the fountains.  Magical...
Where else can you watch Bellagio's water show and chow down on the best beef carpaccio ever!?  Grab a seat close to the window and let your eyes and tongue feast!  Expect to spend mucho grande $$$$ though, but hey you're in Vegas.  Try the mushroom pasta.  The flavor is rich and it'll def fill you up.
I love a room with a view, and at this restaurant, the terrace juts out into the lake at Bellagio!  Even though it was 105 degrees, we braved the terrace tables because they have little misters.  We got a table right by the railing, and watched the light on the lake.  . . Delicious black and green olive tapenade arrived with olives and a tasty assortment of bread and parmesan flatbread!  We gobbled it up and while our drinks were quiclky prepared.  My peach iced tea was refreshing, and my beau got a lemonade.  For lunch we savored a deconstructed shrimp salad, with delicous tangy dressing, and a tender chicken breast and cheese sandwich, accompanied by some fried dill pickle slices, odd, but somehow just the right thing for the side dish!. . Wonderful, witty service.  I had actually forgotten this restaurant, and this was a repeat of a pleasant lunch about three years ago.  I can't wait to go back for dinner!
So I was tottering between three and four stars, so I'll just make a list. But, I'll go ahead and run with four since it was my birthday dinner, and all in all it turned out to be a pretty nice, romantic experience.. . The Positives: . Bread Basket with tapenade. The bread basket was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of olives (I know, I know...I'm eating at a restaurant called 'Olives.' I get the irony people.) but the green tapenade was actually pretty delish.. . GREAT wine suggestion from the waiter - and great waiter. I only wish I could remember what the heck that wine was. We ordered a bottle, and while it was one of the least expensive on the menu, it was totally yummy. Another bonus was that the waiter didn't try and upsell us on some ridiculously marked up version of something I can get at the Kroger for $16. Cheers to you, my friend. . . Beef Carpacchio...UM holy heaven Hallelujah! This was freaking amazing, and pretty dang big, too, for an appetizer. And speaking of big.... . Portion sizes. My biggest pet peeve is paying a crapton of money for a tiny amount of food (unless, of course the food is just ridiculously amazing). These plates, including the appetizer, were HUGE. Neither of us finished our entrees and it wasn't for lack of trying. . . The atmosphere is nice, upscale, but there's definitely not a strict dress code. There were people dressed up, but I also spotted a fanny pack or two. But hey, it's Vegas...just kind of have to go with the tourist-y flow there. . . The Neutral:. I was super excited about the Lobster Bolognese (sp?) but it turned out to be a little too rich for my taste buds. Plus, the giant lobster tail that topped it was a tiny bit tough...I mean, it's hard to complain about lobster tail but I guess I was just expecting a wee bit more. The actual handmade pasta was pretty damn amazing though.. . The bf ordered the duck special (some sort of duck ravioli maybe?), he enjoyed it but didn't rave about it. I had a bite or two, and while I'm used to duck being a gamier-type meat, this seemed pretty greasy, even for duck. He still ate it though, of course.. . The Bad: . Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get they don't take reservations for the patio. I'm sure it's probably logistically impossible. But seeing as we called MONTHS in advance to make our reservations on the reco of a friend of ours, made our reservations for extremely early in the evening (either 6 or 6:15, I can't remember) and THEN called earlier in the day to see if there anything they could do...I don't know. I'm sure they can't make everyone happy, it just would have been nice, considering it was not only our first time in Vegas, but the patio was the only reason we made my birthday reservation there. Blah blah blah. I know, I'm probably just being a brat.. . The tables inside are a bit close together, at least where we sat. In all honesty it didn't really bother me personally, but you could definitely hear other tables conversations...and they could hear ours, so much so that they wished me a happy birthday and doted on the fact that my boyfriend bought me a kindle and how much they loved theirs. It was very sweet, of course, but if we'd gotten sat next to annoying or not nice people, the experience may have been different. Just something to keep in mind.. . The hostess was a little bit of a cold fish. But hey, everyone can't be having a great day all the time. . . I know it seems like a lot of neutrals/negatives, but I have to reiterate that the whole experience really turned out fun and romantic, and a great place to celebrate a birthday. So...yay to Olives.
I really liked this place. The decor was warm and inviting. I had the  Butternut Squash Tortellini which was very good, but it did get too sweet so I would get a side order that is salty. Then we had the fish and chip which was cooked perfectly, but it was pretty standard. I would totally come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Great location, great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show from the patio, delicious food, fantastic service, and great spot to treat yourself or celebrate special occasions.. . Came to Todd English's Olives for the first time during the 2011 Restaurant Week. The regular menu looks fantastic, and it has a solid reputation, so selecting Olives to try fortheir RW dinner menu was not a difficult decision.  The restaurant was busy, even though we are supposedly in an economic slump. So I was glad that we made a reservation two days earlier.. . As far as RW2011's Dinner menu these are my thoughts:. . First Course:. I ordered the Crispy Pork Lollipops with Sweet Corn Raita and Calvados Demi Glaze.  It is basically pork ribs that are cooked until it is crispy, and unfortunately dry.  The best part of this dish is the Sweet Corn Raita.  I am glad I tried it, but would recommend the Shrimp Scampi Tart that my friends ordered instead.. . The Shrimp Scampi Tart served with Fontina Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Red Bliss Potatoes, Sweet 100 Tomatoes, Garlic Butter Sauce and Sexy Scallions (yes, not just your plain old scallions but SEXY Scallions).  It is basically a mini-flat bread served on a bed of fancy salads.  The portion was relatively and was served on a wooden pizza peel.  **Highly recommend this if you opt for the RW Dinner Menu.**. . Second Course:. All of them are great!  But if I have to rank them it would be as follows:. . 1) Pan Seared Yellowtail Snapper; Cilantro Lime Risotto, Sauteed Red Belgian Endive, Brown Butter Emulsion.  Why? Because the fish was cooked perfectly, had great flavor and the the skin is nice and crispy while the rest of the fish was still moist.  And of the three entree options, is the healthiest and tastiest selection.  5/5. . 2) Braised Short Rib Lasagna; Horseradish Crema, Imported Brie, Fried Spinach, Toasted Crumbs.  Perfect for someone that loves a properly slow braised short rib, because they are very generous with it. And if you are expecting a medallion size portion, you will truly be surprised by the Claim Jumper portion that they serve you.  Big enough to share with your friends or hoard it all for yourself.  4/5. . 3) Grilled Prime Sirloin; Creme Fraiche Whipped Potatoes, Spicy Cauliflower and Green Harissa.  It is a good steak, but with so many restaurants serving fantastic steaks up and down the Strip, it wasn't a real standout or particularly memorable compared to the other two. (This was the one I ended up ordering btw).  3.5/5. . Third Course:. Choice of Vanilla Semifreddo,with Marble Cake, Chocolate Sauce, Fresh Strawberries.  OR Banana Delight; Chocolate Fudge Cake, Banana Ice Cream, and Caramel Dipped Banana.  We all ended up ordering the Banana Delight, which was a pretty good dessert.  . . Service was good, no complaints what so ever.  4.5/5. . Ambiance:  upscale,dim lighting (great for romantic dinners, bad for taking food pictures), comfortable seats, great view of the Bellagio Fountains. 4.5/5. . Food:  4/5  Food and its presentation were both good.. . Value:  5/5 RW Prix Fixe - awesome value for the meal and a portion goes to a worthy cause!. . Location:  5/5  Call in advance and reserve patio seating for front row view of the hourly Bellagio Fountain Show.. . Solid 4 sexy stars!
One of my longtime girlfriends generously treated me to lunch at Olives during our Vegas getaway. The restaurant was comfy, spacious and very posh. . . An enormous bread basket kicked off our meal. It came with two types of olive tapenade and some oil-soaked olives. Very schmancy. For lunch, my friend had the scallops which were fantastic, while I had a Caesar salad with ahi tuna which was light enough for lunch but filling enough for someone who was out boozing until all hours the night before. . . Although we chose to sit indoors, the balcony tables had the advantage of misters and a stellar view of the Bellagio fountains. . . The Stone Cold Fox also known as Todd English wasn't on the line, but I happily daydreamed about him waltzing through the dining room to greet us nonetheless.
Ate here last night.  It was quite crowded but we got seat at the bar and had dinner there.   Great service at the bar!. . Drinks were fantastic--and they have quite a variety of mixed drinks, wine, etc.. . We had a special menu set up forRrestaurant Week that included three courses for $51.  . . Appetizer was pork ribs with sweet glaze over corn relish.  Pork was a bit dry, but tasty.. . Main course was steak with cauliflour and mashed potatoes.  Good comfort food.  Nothing outstanding.. . Dessert was chocolate cake with ice cream and glazed bananas.  Quite good.. . Overall great service, great drinks, good food.
Great food. Horrible music ruined patio experience
Outstanding Mediterranean inspired cuisine in a comfortable, contemporary setting.. . For starters, the carpaccio, is delicious.  It's different.  It's not about the beef but rather all the ingredients creating a more substantial dish.  The garlic aioli, balsamic reduction and Parmesan cheese go so well together and their combined earthiness accentuates the sweet, raw beef flavor.  The Kobe beef tartare is also excellent though not traditional.  . . Flat breads are all excellent.  The thin, crispy, and slightly blackened bread is the perfect foil to any topping.  The fig and prosciutto; wow!  Mushroom lovers should not pass up the Portobello flat bread.  Really well cooked without all the liquid that usually makes any mushroom flat bread soggy.. . Pastas, especially stuffed pastas, are excellent.  The goat cheese "dumplings" pair perfectly with a tomato ragu and pesto.  The butternut squash tortelli, the perfect dish for the fall, is absolutely delicious in its simple brown butter sauce with texture from crushed amaretto cookies.. . For all my visits, I have never made it to any of the mains.  It is just to hard to skip the starters, flat breads, and pastas.. . Service is excellent.. . The wines by the glass selection is limited but very well chosen.  The overall wine selection is very good with many reasonably priced, simple wines that match the cuisine well.. . Recommended.
We decided to try a fancy restaurant this Vegas trip. Olives was our pick. The atmosphere upon arrival is very classy and romantic. They offer outside seating that over looks the Bellagio fountains. The wait for outside was an hour more than our reservation, so we stuck with our inside table. Our table had a decent view of the fountains.. . The service here was awesome! Our server Ralph was very knowledgeable and eager to help. The wine guy (not sure of his official title) Adam was awesome too. I remembered having an awesome glass of wine at the bellagio previously and he was so helpful in finding it for us!  . . We started with the polenta and it was quite good. I decided to splurge and order the rib eye steak special, which was $50!! Others in my party ordered the goat cheese raviolis and the beef tenderloin. I wasn't blown away with my choice. I was hoping for the price tag I'd devour my meal. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. My other friend that ordered the beef wasn't uber impressed either. The raviolis were awesome though. After lots of food and two bottles of the most fabulous wine, we passed on dessert. The dessert menu was hard to pass up, but there was simply no room left in my belly! . . I would give this place a 2nd chance for sure, the overall experience was awesome. A must for a special occasion or romantic dinner!
Came here after a corporate tour of the Bellagio...try to sit at the chef's table!. . SERVICE: Service was excellent, but you really can't expect much else from Bellagio. Everyone was attentive and had great suggestions on what to order.. . FOOD: I personally ordered grapefruit juice and the mushroom flatbread pizza. I know that it's almost impossible to do pizza wrong, but they did it SO well! The crust was toasted to perfection, and the chef was definitely not skimpy with mushrooms. *drools*. . Will definitely come back again next time I'm in vegas!
Had an amazing dinner here, the restaurant has a nice decor, service was awesome! Best part is at the patio seating where u get to view the Bellagio fountains but they don't take reservations for the patio so be prepared to wait. I ordered the Swordfish entree which was just amazing. My wife ordered the Butternut Squash Tortelli which was very good, the filling is quite sweet though. The portions were huge so we had no room left for dessert. Its pricey but hey you're at the Bellagio, in my opinion...it was well worth it.
Olives may not be in the top ten for elegant decor anymore, but it's still worth the trip.  Tables are spaced widely enough you only hear the conversation of your loudest neighbor.  Service is quick and efficient -- maybe a little too much so.  Nice view of the fountains even from inside and the food is great.  We both had the lobster Bolognese, rich, creamy with just a little tomato and a hint of oregano, and plenty of lobster.  One complaint-- no matter what they tellyou when you make your reservation you have to be in the restaurant to get on the waiting list for seating on the patio overlooking the fountains.  The wait was 90 minutes when we got there so we reluctantly sat inside on a beautiful, almost tropical October evening.
The restaurant is located at the Bellagio so ask for a table near the windows and you'll get to watch the fountain show while you eat.
This has always been a favorite while in Vegas.  The food is always quality and their prices are appropriate for the value received.  Service is lovely and the ambiance is delightful.
Service was amazing, food was divine, ambiance was welcoming and refined, but not standoffish.. . The bread and tapenade was heavenly! I LOVE olives. My mouth waters just thinking about their tapenade! We got the fig and prosciutto flatbread pizza as an appetizer. I am obsessed with the sweet/salty crispy/gooey creamy/acidic balance that this offered. It was perfect! The best part was trying to get the perfect bite and succeeding every time because all the ingredients were portioned and spread out so perfectly. So well thought out. I definitely appreciated this.. . We got the lunch special fried scallops and Hawaiian seared ahi tuna, both equally delicious and very well balanced. Not too heavy, not too light. Just right. To top it off, Olives offers a service tab so you can bill your check to your room regardless of which hotel you're staying at. Awesome! . . All charged up to go shopping :D!
Soglad I read these reviews and had the beef carpaccio - it was delicious and the presentation was beautiful!  We had a reservation and were seated after a 5 minute wait.  The waitstaff was friendly and helpful.
Great bar... Ask for Chris. Nice wine and you can eat at the bar, which can be hard to find in Vegas.. Wine selection was nice and the food was remarkable as expected.. . Enjoy a great time there.
Ambiance was amazing. It was busy so service was good, but not wonderful. I tried the Tiffany cocktail. Being located VERY near Tiffany and Co? I had expectations. They met:) the bread was out of this world. The butternut squash tortellini that I ordered was impeccable!
love the location!. like the service.. like the foods.  taste fresh and flavored just right.. like the large serving portion.. . definitely a place to come back again...
The place was jammed packed for lunch, Barack Obama was in the house. Yeah he was at the Bellagio for a fund raiser. We had been looking forward to trying Olives for quite some time. We decided to share a few appetizers, and ordered the following:. Todd's ceasar's salad, just OK after the Whisk n Ladle  ceasar in La Jolla.. Grilled squid and octopus, pretty tasty with chickpeas. . Meatball and eggplant flatbread, we thought it was a dish not a flatbread but was tasty.. Fig and prosciutto flatbread excellent.. Portabella flatbread with mushroom, truffle oil, fontina cheese, red onion. That was quite tasty.. . I 'm hoping the next time I go to Vegas I'll have dinner at olives, maybe just a light dinner so I can still eat somewhere else. Cant help it I'm a porker.
Great steak. Ask to sit on the patio so you can watch the fountains during dinner. Michelle was awesome, we will ask for her on our next visit
I love coming here and sitting outside with an iced tea in my hand watching the fountains dance to the music.  So romantic and relaxing.. . The food here is a bit pricy but worth it.  I've had the soft shell sandwich here, OMG!!!  I was in heaven.  The crab was crispy with a lot of crab taste.  MMMM. . The service is average.  . . Come for the ambiance.  You can't get a better view of the Fountains than here!!
We came here for dinner and ordered the carpaccio, muffaletta flatbread, seared scallops, and the braised boar pappardelle. This was quite a bit of food for a nice restaurant. We probably could have left out one of the items. . . The carpaccio was tasty and came draped over a pile of salad and a polenta cake. As everyone says, the portion size is quite large. The muffaletta flatbread, again good size, was topped with a salad that helped cut the saltiness of the shaved meats. The scallops (we got 4 large scallops) were a bit inconsistent - 2 were over salted, and the other 2 were perfect. Who knows what happened there. The papardelle was good, but I wish the dish had been a bit meatier (mixing in the red wine sauce that came on the side made it more flavorful). . . Our server was very familiar with the menu and caught a mistake on one of our plates (no salad atop the flatbread) as he was about the serve it. He was also very attentive despite having a full section.. . Oh, and the cocktails that we got were pretty strong. . . Overall, a pretty good meal.
We came here looking for a famous creme brulee we had tried at Todd English's restaurant in DC many years ago, but unfortunately it was no longer on the menu. We decided to stay based on the attractive location and pleasant hosts. . . The location is indeed spectacular. In between shopping the opulent halls of the Bellagio, Olives offers a dark, intimate atmosphere and an inviting menu. Loved the huge crystal chandeliers and the waitstaff was incredibly helpful. The fountain show as a backdrop really does make for a sight.. . We ordered the Roasted Maine Lobster Carbonara and Mahi Mahi, along with some stiff drinks and a bottle of red. The carbonara was perfectly done. A touch al-dente served with bits of lobster topped by a split half tail. Hard to beat this presentation. The basil creme sauce was a tad spicy even, very good. The fish was excellently prepared as well. Bathed in a miso butter sauce, and served with rice the fish was very tender. The leeks, though, were a tad undercooked. Overall the meal was four-stars.. . You can get out without paying $100 but why try? The menu is too inviting not to give some of the delicious entrees a try. Sit on the patio if you can or by a window.
Skip the buffet and came over to Olives... we were seated outside, right by the lake.. OMG, best view ever!! . . They have this winter pre-fixe menu, so we both ordered that. We got the butternut squash soup, bf got the steak, i got the white fish and both had desserts... for $30 each. WHAT A DEAL!!  Great good with a great view, hell yeah!! Love it
As my wife is a vegetarian, and she loves the following dish, we targeted this place based on a review of the Butternut Squash Ravioli in which the reviewer noted "it was the best she's ever had".  It was good, but clearly not the best ever.  The sauce was a classic sage brown butter with a bit more to it than that which we've made at home.  The dish couldn't touch a local Sherman Oaks Il Tiramisu Ristorante: Crispelle di Zucca which is so far the winner as crowned by my wife.. That said.  My steak was very good as to be expected, their wine list was quite impressive (and priced correctly) and the place had some views of the water show with hotel Paris in the windows.  The lighting suggests romance, but we were sat at a half booth table in which the booth seat was shared, so intimacy was a bit intruded.  Noise level was medium.  . I'd say theplace was very good, and really a place to bring a larger group of people and kids would be fine too.  Their seating will accomodate anything.  Value for the money was right on.
Braised wild boar pappardelle was hearty rich and delicious minus two flaws: 1) Cippolini onions were inedible, and 2) some of the pappardelle was stuck together and therefor a little raw in places. Expected more than plain olives for the amuse bouche - at least marinate them. Beautiful decor, especially nice mosaic floor. Service was quick.
Another Vegas establishment recommended by Liza L. She said it was a little pricey but worth the try! It was also recommended by other Hawaii food bloggers. Located in the Bellagio, the restaurant had a very old American type of vibe (tho conversely, Yelp says the food is new American). It's another one of Todd English's many restaurants. Who the heck is Todd English? I had no clue so I had to look him up. Wikipedia says he's a celebrity chef based out of Boston. His food is American with a rustic Italian focus. His original restaurant in Boston, also called Olives (named after his wife), closed down because of a fire.. . Anyhoo, the food.  We were seated pretty quickly for our lunch visit. The waiter offered a complimentary basket of lavosh, ciabatta bread and facoccia, along with some olives and tepenade. Very delicious and quite filling. The menu featured various pasta dishes, flat breads, salads and protein. For our starter, we had the flat bread special of the day which was topped with ham, asparagus, caramelized onions and parmesan. Yum.  I ordered the sirloin steak sandwich which came with a side balsamic spinach salad and garlic fries. The steak was cooked perfectly. I had too much bread earlier so I ended up eating just the steak. The garlic fries...well, not that great. I guess I was expecting something more gourmet. My sister had a burger topped with caramelized onions. It was so good I put some of it on my sandwich. Supposedly they have some great desserts here but we carbo-loaded enough for one meal.. . The wait staff were very friendly and attentive. Definitely not  pretentious as I would have expected of a restaurant at the Bellagio.  The entire meal total came out to under $70. Yes, pricey, but the quality of the food (minus the fries) and experience made it worthwhile.
I love their carpaccio, this is definitely a must-try!! It was so good so I ordered two!  They have good appetizers and dessert.   Service was great!
Amazing location! Sit outside its beautiful! The staff was very attentive and knowledgable made it easy to ask questions. They start you off with fresh super delicious baked bread. We ordered a flatbread pizza and huge steak sandwich both were great. Reasonable prices. Had a mango iced tea that was a special my girlfriend who doesn't like ice tea even liked it. Great place!
It's a bit of a walk from the hotel rooms, down a hall on the way out of the west side of the hotel campus. Decor is contemporary and wood-rich, seating a little cramped, balcony availability a little confusing. . . We came in toward the end of the lunch session but too early for the dinner session so things were in a bit of upheaval as they wound down to finish one mealtime and to prep for the next. After a wait and a search for who to talk to to get seated, we were finally seated at a long half&half (half bench/half chair) row of tables. I could extend my arm and eat off my neighbor's plate if I wanted to. It was a little noisy due to all the hard surfaces in the restaurant, but not too bad. The decor was beautiful.. . I selected the Beef Carpaccio (not having any idea what Carpaccio was) over the Tuna Carpaccio. When it arrived, I wasn't sure if I was seeing raw meat on there or not. Perhaps it had been cured in some way but kept the raw look of beef. I hesitatingly forked off a small taster portion, not knowing if I would actually like this concoction or not. OMG... heaven! It was SOOOO good! One of those dishes that just teases and excites every little tastebud in your mouth! Textures, flavours, everything! LOVED IT! Actually, I loved it so much, I have no memory whatsoever of what my husband ordered. I know he liked it, though. :o) . . Service was ok. Seemed a little confused initially. But once we got our server and our order in, she seemed a little more aware of getting back to us every once in a while. . . I would go back there. I don't know if I'd try anything new seeing as I loved the Carpaccio so much... but maybe I would. Just to give a more rounded assessment of the place! Two thumbs up from us for Olives!
There's nothing like eating A stone's throw from the beautiful fountains. The chicken and the ravioli dishes were incredible, but the $50 sirloin was tough and disappointing. Expensive, but this is Vegas...
If you make the earliest dinner reservation (5:00?) and arrive SUPER early to wait in line with the 50 other people who have the same idea, you can get a seat on the balcony for the Bellagio water show!. . If you're like me, and everything on the menu always sounds/looks good, this is the one place you can ask the server what's best, and they'll be honest (or at least tell you what they like).  The flatbread pizza was excellent, and they don't mind if you linger - we were there for 3 water shows.
I NEVER eat at the same restaurant on vacation but I did it...I did itall for Todd English. . . Now the place isn't cheap.  But it's convienietly located in the Bellagio so you can gamble, eat here, then go to a show...or go back to gambling. . . It's a dimly lit restaurant with dark decor and very proper, nicely dressed servers. . . We ended up getting 2 appetizers to share instead of getting an entree each.   The special of the day was a sausage flatbread.  It was so delicious.  The spicy sausage and the gooey cheese on top of the buttery, crispy flatbread made me drool.  It was so good that I went back the next day just to have it again!. . We also got the kabobs.  The chicken and the beef were both tender and so well seasoned.  I hate biting into beef and having to gnaw my way through the thing but this was cooked perfectly. . . The next night we got the the carpet baggers also.  Delicious.  Fried oysters on top of truffled mashed potatoes?  We licked those oyster shells clean!  I am still thinking about those to this day.... . Not only were our appetizers quickly brought out but the bread basket they give you to start with is dangerous.  The rolls in the basket are varied so you wanna try each one: rosemary loaf, white chocolate bread, and crispy bread to dip into their complimentary olive spread. . . If you are looking for a quick place to dine, make it Olives.  I'm a stuck up foodie but I have to say, this place was very impressive.
Excellent food, service and ambiance! Hottie and I like to find the top spots to eat, whenever we're on vacation... I have to say it was fantastic, but with all the options in Vegas, it may take a few more trips before we go back.  That being said, let's get to the meal.  We started off with a chopped greek style salad, it was better than  your traditional greek salad, but not particularly memorable.  My dinner on the other hand was fantastic! Homemade butternut squash tortellini, you could tell the pasta was made to order because it was a little organic and uneven... but I loved it!  Unfortunately Hottie's $50 Steak looked like they picked it up from the local grocery store for $5, very disappointing.  For dessert we had the chocolate fallen cake with ice cream.  I'm spacing on the flavor of the ice cream, but I remember it being particularly delicious! Overall we left fat and happy!
I enjoyed a great lunch and trust me you will too. I was dining alone and chose to sit on the veranda to enjoy the great Vegas weather. If you don't mind waiting it was worth it. A very lovely view. I had the octopus and chick pea salad. It was wonderful!  The octopus was grilled to perfection and the broth with the chick peas was outstanding. There was no lettuce in this salad which is fine with me. My server was very nice and accommodating. I plan on going back again before I leave!
Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:. . This was an extremely enjoyable meal.  I got here early enough I could sit on their patio overlooking the Fountains of Bellagio.  They had 8 LP heaters cranking out the warmth and it was great.  Nothing says success like location, location, location.  On with the meal.. . You get a nice basket of bread and lavash and a three section dish with olive tapenade and olives.  One section has green olive tapenade, the middle has a small olive assortment, and the last section has a ripe olive tapenade.  The tapenade with the bread and the lavash is almost addictive.  Ask your server and you'll get the recipe they use for making the tapenade. . . Course 1:  I ordered the crispy lamb lollipops with sweet corn raita, Calvados demi-glaze, Za'atar carrots, and Greek yogurt.  The description comes from their Restaurant Week menu.  It was very good, but it was poorly named.  I expected some kind of different use of lamb to create a lollipop.  Instead, they were lamb ribs.  They were tasty with a nice crispness, but it wasn't what I was expecting.  The corn was an excellent accompaniment.. . Course 2:  I got the Airline chicken breast on a bed of lobster mac and cheese with broccoli florets and "Truffle Fondue, Buttered Broccoli Florets, Marsala Jus, Toasted Bread Crumbs."  The quoted part is from their description.  The word fondue is used very loosely.  The chicken was nicely grilled and seasoned well.  The meat was very juicy.. . Course 3:  I got the Strawberry Mascarpone cheesecake with the center filled with a rhubarb mixture.  Excellent dessert.. . Service was very good.It was relaxed although the place was crowded and I was taking up a primo spot on the patio.  Iced tea was refilled often.  The courses were spaced nicely so I got to enjoy 3 fountain shows during the meal.  It really is a nice spot, and it's a place to which I'll return.  That after all is part of why restaurants participate in Restaurant Week.
My dirty martini was excellent and strong (in a good way). You definitely get what you pay for as far as the cocktails go... if I would have had more than two the restaurant might have started spinning. Perfectly ok with that though! The bread basket was decent - I read reviews on here that it's the best thing in the world but to be honest I've had better. I had the restaurant week menu and it was excellent - salad had a huge amount of crab on it, for my main course I got the chicken and it was flavorful and not too heavy, and the mascarpone cheesecake was delicious. $50.12 for 3 courses was an absolute steal with the quality of food I was getting. My dining partner had the short rib lasagna and absolutely raved about it. I had a bite and man oh man was it delicious - huge portion too. All in all it was a nice meal with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
When you're dining at this restaurant, it is very, very easy to overeat so I am very glad that I had my husband with me who reminded me that I'm ordering too much food!  He is my so-called "food conscience/police". . . I ordered the Grilled Octopus, Flat Bread and Mahi-Mahi.  My husband ordered the martini and lobster carbonara.  The flat bread came first and it was delicious.  Never had anything like that before.  Then came the Grilled Octopus.  Only then did I realize that I was already full and probably won't be able to finish my Mahi Mahi so we called our waiter and asked if he can still cancel it.  He was very accommodating.  He said no problem so that's one point for him!. . The Grilled Octopus is my absolute favorite.  It's very lime-y and very tender unlike most of the ones that I tried which are kindda rubbery.  It was excellent!  My husband liked the flat bread the most.  We decided we'd share the Lobster Carbonara.  The serving is huge and they split the lobster into 2 so it was easy for us to really share it.  They also brought extra plates in.  Despite the fact that it was very delicious and we really enjoyed it, we still weren't able to finish it.  As a matter of fact, the next time I come back, I'd probably just have the flat bread and grilled octopus.  The Lobster Carbonara was very good too but it was expensive - $41!  . . I would have given the place 5 stars except that the dessert was awful.  We ordered the mango brulee and it tasted old. It tasted like it has been sitting out there for a while.  We did not even finish it.  I should have followed my instinct and skipped dessert but then we were celebrating my husband's birthday.  What is a birthday without dessert, right?  Anyway, skip the dessert, eat more of the flat bread and order some cocktails.  That should do it!  And by the way, the view of the Bellagio fountain from the restaurant is just incredible.  It is actually better than the view from the strip.  So request a table by the window if it's cold and by the patio if it's warm.
Came here for restaurant week 2012. $50.12 for 3 course dinner.. . 5 stars for the Bellagio fountain view.. 3.5 stars for the food. . . Venue: Decent sized restaurant with great view of the Bellagio fountain when you sit outside.. . Service: was good. Server constantly came to check on us and helped us take multiple photos :). . Food:. Complimentary Bread and Olives (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=QGy2akDArGCERH9U9bqUqg) - OMG their Breads are sooo good and i think they are fresh baked in house too! I had to ask for seconds.. . Jumbo crab salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=S5coFUVVZqdl6_mr0nMwUA) - This salad was really good!! It had large pieces of crab mixed with. Great Presentation.. . Vegetarian tart (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=lj3RPIjbpfPvoh2sAm3_Jw) - This one was very tasty as well. Tasted like a thin crust pizza with thin slices of squash on top.. . Black cod (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=tHt9c087_EdPqod0x1xgNg) - The cod was moist and came with some mashed potatoes. Overall this dish was slightly better than mediocre. . . Mascarpone strawberry cheesecake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=reYczOIuUb05FHpvPO1OXQ) - This one was pretty decent. The cheesecake was dense, but I still had better.. . Price: I wouldn't pay more than $50.12 for this 3 course meal. . . Overall: This experience was well worth it to have such a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Food was just okay... But good deal for the price.
My former fave spot to spend an evening with the fountains, a friend, and a bottle of wine was Fontana next door, but when they decided that place wasn't hip enough and needed some renovation, Mr. L and I tried Olives. . . Now my 4*'s doesn't cover anything like entrees bc we didn't order them, but with our wine we got excellent bread and an olive plate, and left alone with our lovely view of the fountains. No pressure to eat or leave, no pressure to finish the wine and give the prime table back to more lucrative guests... Something that didn't go unappreciated. . . Maybe next time I'll even try the food!
AWESOME date place.  Took my girl here a tad bit late to wait for the patio area, but after experiencing the ambience and the food, we're definitely coming back and waiting the hour to get the patio experience. I got the butternut tortellini and my girl got the fig & prosciutto. Both were very unique in their sweet flavor. It was both fine dining and really hit the spot.. . We didn't order alcohol or desert and the price turned out to be rather reasonable as far as Las Vegas restaurants go. Spent about as much as we would have on a buffet around the area.. . Would definitely recommend.
As you walk down the hall you can smell this place from a mile away. I have yet to have a bad meal there! I would totally suggest trying to get a seat on the patio overlooking the fountains. Great meal and a great view... it would be a great spot to propose... just saying
We went here for the location.  This restaurant is on the Bellagio lake and looks over the fountains.  You cannot see the fountains though unless you ask for outdoor seating or one of the few window tables.  Escargot was amazing five stars, Sea Bass was a four star.  Ceasar salad was really basic and not worth it.
We finally dined here last night after missing it on our last two Vegas trips, and although we did not sit on the coveted patio I'd say the experience was still very good.  The ambience inside the restaurant is certainly not comparable to the patio, but being illuminated by the fountains of Bellagio every fifteen minutes or so is still a treat inside or out.  The service was ok - not five star by any means, as it did take a little too long for our food to come out.  However, the meal was excellent (I had a skirt steak special) and made up for the slow service.  The portions are perfect, and although I felt that I over ate I can attribute that to eating four or five pieces of the delicious bread and olive spread.  . . We will be back, but next time we will make sure to get a spot on the patio!
Great view of the Bellagio fountain show!   I went for lunch and luckily seated in the patio area with the view of the fountain.  It was absolutely beautiful.  As other reviewers mentioned, the bread basket with olive tapenade was good.  We had the mushroom flatbread and the fish dish (special of the day).  They were both good, but not greatly memorable.  I definitely recommend Olives for its overall great atmosphere.
This was our second time here and were just as impressed as the first time! Raul the bartender set the bar high! And we were greeted the second time with zack,Andrew and Reggie! We stopped in before a show to get a great martini and a light appetizer! The flatbread pizza are delicious! We didn't have time for the restraunt but it is busy especially outdoor patio looking the bellagio fountains! Reservations recommend! Zack and Reggie you are great mixologists and very creative and friendly! Cheers!
Loved their bread basket with an assortment of bread and different types of olive tapenade..  They even brought us a second round of tapenade without fuss.. . I had the Brick Oven Roasted Free Range Chicken.. It was a huge dish, I couldn't finish it all and I was already feeling full from the bread basket....The chicken was pretty good, dry here and there but for the most part it was good.. Potato cake and green beans were delicious...I actually can't even remember there being any roasted red onion or watercress, I probably just overlooked it..... . We did order a wine from the menu that was 2009 and they ended up bringing out a 2010, I definitely wouldn't have noticed, but my friend did and they ended up telling us that they didn't have any more 2009 in the wine we picked, so be careful to watch out for that, tricky.
Fantastic location with amazing fountain views. The food is very good, namely tuna tartar appetizer. Good wine selection.
One of the best places for brunch in Vegas.  Starting off with the bread, it's so good that it's hard to stop eating....by the time your meal comes, you will already be almost full from the bread & olive spread.  There's also a thin, Parmesan crisp that has a nice spice kick in certain bites.  . . The beef & chicken kabob is delish...the portion is rather small...but each bite is packed full of flavor.  Order this starter...you won't be disappointed.. . For flatbreads, we ordered the fig & prosciutto..which was only ok.  I found the fig to be a bit overpowering.  Will have to try another flatbread in the future to compare and update the review....
***Olives is a nice upscale lunch option in Vegas; Olives also offers a great view of Lake Bellagio***. . The first time I tried Todd English's cuisine was at the LA Food and Wine Festival.  His station put out a very nice plate of Asian marinated steak (great marinade; tender and juicy steak), buttery beet risotto and a great cold corn and cream relish.. . After this, I was eager to try one of his restaurants.  I did try Todd English PUB next to Aria, but it was not that great.  Todd English PUB is casual gastropub fare.  His Olives restaurant (a version of his flagship restaurant) is not really fine dining or formal, but it is much more upscale.. . The food at Olives was significantly better.  There was a complimentary breadbasket, which consisted of addictive flatbread crisps, flavorful caramelized shallot topped focaccia and just okay ciabatta rolls (accompanied by olives and two kinds of olive tapenade).. . I started with the spring pea mezzaluna, which was heavily garnished with spring peas, haricot verts, mushrooms, baby pea shoots, Parmesan, and a truffle burro fuso sauce.  I really liked the spring pea mezzaluna (kind of like pea ravioli).  The pasta was very thick and had a good flavor.  The pea filling was good--creamy and lightly sweet with a goodpea flavor.. . Though there was a lot of stuff on top of the pasta, I liked it.  I think less stuff on the plate would have made the really good pea ravioli stand out more, but the mushrooms were good and earthy.  I liked the freshness from the pea shots and haricot verts.  The truffle burro fuso sauce was not too heavy or rich, but it was definitely a thick sauce.. . With all the components on the plate (and especially several traditionally salty ones like Parmesan), this pasta dish was still balanced in terms of seasoning.  That being said, this was a dish with a few salty notes that popped.  I think if the kitchen is not careful, this can become an overly salty dish.. . For my entree, I had the sea scallops, which were served over a roasted tomato caper risotto and topped with a shaved fennel and frisee salad (the plate was also garnished with green pea puree).  The scallops were good.  They were big, fresh, plump, and moist.  They got a nice caramelized outside on the scallops and they were not too salty.  One of the scallops was not cleaned that well (a little bit of grit).. . I liked the shaved fennel and frisee salad, which gave some lightness and freshness to the dish.  I also really liked the green pea puree--sweet, great pea flavor, creamy, and very smooth.  I am not a huge fan of risotto with entrees (especially since so many places overcook the rice).  The risotto here was fine; it had a good flavor and was creamy; still, the rice was overcooked and did not have the bite it should have.. . A lot of the desserts on Olives' dessert menu seemed like standard stuff.  I am not sure if Olives would be the best place for a creative and ambitious dessert.  I had the banana tiramisu and it was a satisfying end to the meal though it was not that special or distinct.. . The banana tiramisu consisted of banana mascarpone cream, banana cake and a Kahlua sabayon.  The tiramisu cake was garnished with a chocolate sauce.. . The dessert was creamy and mostly moist (the cake could have been a little more moist).  There was also a great banana flavor.  Unfortunately, the coffee flavor was quite mild.  You do not get that espresso-soaked cake/ladyfingers flavor here that you get at other places.. . Service was very good.  My server was pleasant and friendly.  He was also knowledgeable about the menu as well as polite and attentive.  There were a few gaps in the meal; the first course should have come out a tad quicker.. . Prices were not too bad for lunch.  Olives is definitely serving an upscale lunch and considering that Olives is in Vegas, the entrees (priced in the mid-$20s) did not seem too expensive.. . Olives also offers a nice outdoor dining atmosphere for lunch.  I did not think their indoor dining area was that inviting.  It had a contemporary and comfortable decor, but the lighting was too dim for lunch.  The outdoor dining area is great.  The patio overlooks Lake Bellagio (and you get a special fountain show--the first of the day at noon).. . With the view and the comfortable patio, Olives is a great spot for outdoor dining (and unlike the outdoor dining spots on The Strip, Olives' dining areas feels much more private and relaxing).. . The only problem with the outdoor dining area is that they allow smoking.  Fortunately, there was only one couple smoking, which was slightly bothersome.  If more were smoking though, I think it would have been an issue.. . A lot of upscale restaurants in Vegas are not open for lunch, which increases the value of a restaurant like Olives.  The food at Olives is good--maybe not as good as some of Vegas' fine dining spots but definitely a significant step above the cafes serving lunch in Vegas.. . Free parking via Bellagio's structure.
I think that the best part of Olive's is the prime real estate that it's on.  Of course you're gonna love it if you geta terrace table and get to see the fountains go off--who doesn't like a good show?  And actually, the food is pretty good too.  The flat bread appy's are delicious.  I had the scallop entree which was very tasty.  My friend ordered the chicken which was a little on the dry side.  The chocolate dessert was amazing!!. . But, the thing that left a bad taste in our mouths?  The piss-poor service.  I cannot believe that the waiters basically just dump the food in front of you.  They have no personality and are not friendly at all.  For this reason alone, I would not return to Olives.  Go eat somewhere else (it's Vegas, there's a lot of delicious food out there!), and take in the free fountain show from the street afterwards.
I want to give 5 stars, but I just haven't found the "oomph" yet. . I've come here several times before in my escapades in Vegas, but just visited recently this morning- a Friday with an arrival at 11:40. . . NEGATIVE: uhh, okay. The hostess duo seriously needs an attitude adjustment. Would it seriously kill you to smile, or at least pretend that you are caring to seat customers that could potentially spend hundreds of dollars? Come on. [[enter Harry Potter reference]] --it legitimately looks like a dementor got a hold of these two. Buuuut it's fine, luckily it doesn't impact the quality of food I experience! . Olives is high-class and the prices reflect it. Pay attention to the floor with the beautiful mosaic type of tile in-lay. Great view of the fountains if you're lucky, too!!. . FYI: if you sit in any of the booth seating, it feels like you are a child again when you try to peer above the table. Okay, that's a bit of an exaggeration. But, still, you do sink into the booth. Go for the chair. . . My waitress was Kimberly and she was phenomenal. She steered me in the perfect direction when I had trouble choosing which cocktail I wanted (#firstworldproblem). I picked the "Slingback" -- Absolut Ruby Red vodka, passion fruit puree, & fresh lime juice with a micro-sugar rim. Extremely refreshing but steep at $14 a piece. . . You receive some delicious bread- a Parmesan crisp type, an olive bread, and a buttery focaccia. The olive spreads are good but especially tasty if you like the taste of having an ocean's worth of salt poured into your mouth. . TIP: Do not miss the Butternut Squash Tortelli ($17)-- I've ordered this several times and it absolutely does not disappoint. I made friends with the table next to me and the woman I talked to loved her Greek salad and especially the chicken on top. . . Overall, service and food are fantastic. Look past the cold hostess pair and you'll be golden.
This was the best meal we had in Vegas, by far. Maybe it was because we tried to go to 2 other places prior that were either closed or had a long wait and we were just hungry, but I'm going to venture that it was actually just that good.. . The hostess seated us semi-promptly by Vegas standards and they had a pretty full house. Our waiter was friendly, engaged us in conversation (but not too much), and was willing to give suggestions.. . First of all, I have to gush about the olive tapenade they serve with the bread basket - OMG! As a lover of all things olive, I would go back just for this. . . I started off with a tropical martini concoction. I can't even remember what was in it (pineapple juice?), but it was really yummy and had the perfected sugar rim. But it was also $14. Yikes.. . Since we were starving (it was 11 pm our 'home' time), we ordered the prosciutto and fig flatbread. It was simply delicious. It had whole figs, and COVERED in prosciutto. Toppings tended to fall off as you took a bite, but it was still delicious.. . I had the Chicken and Gnocchi and it was really good. The chicken wasn't as well prepared as the gnocchi and sauce, but overall it was really good. The downside was the flatbread was so large and the olive spreads were so good, I was full by time I got my entree.. . One thing I will say is a downside is it is a little pricey for what we got - 1 flatbread, 2 pasta entrees (one with sausage and mine had chicken), and a drink each and it was nearly $150 with tax and tip.
I have been here a couple of times for dinner but decided to try lunch this time with my family. This restaurant is one of the few upscale options there is on the strip for lunch with outdoor seating. We decided to sit outside right in front of the fountains of Bellagio. The wait staff there is very prompt and courteous. We started off with 2 orders of the beef carpaccio and I have to say, it is the best I have tried in this town. I decided to try the crab cakes beignets, which were one of the specials for today. The crab cakes were covered with a nice, crispy covering and was served with a bean and salsa sauce. Every thing about the lunch was perfect. I have to say, I enjoyed lunch here better than I enjoyed the dinners.. . But just a word of caution, be careful while being seated outside, you will get wet when the fountains are going off and the wind blows, we did. Good thing we were done with our meal. The wait staff was very apologetic and even tried to dry us up.
My bf had Veal & Fontina Fazzoletti..... But I enjoyed my dish better .... Short rib Pappardelle .... . Would not mind going back.
Just dined at Olives for the second time, and it was even better than I remembered.  The food was delicious and interesting.  Fantastic and surprising flavor combinations.  Our service was exceptional - could not have been better (thanks to Paul and Tammy). The space is fantastic and overlooks the fountains.  This restaurant is a real find - I would not miss it.
Had a great lunch here on July 3.  The view of the Bellagio dancing waters is amazing, the service was superb and my sliders were delicious with terrific shoe-string fries.  The only downside was the bread - it was dry as dust.  So bad, that a mouthful could make a person gag or quickly reach for a glass of water. I wish I could give 5 stars but one of my "musts" for 5 is great bread!
I was here for a late lunch and was fortunate to get a table.  I got an order of the Lamajoun flatbread and a random glass of red wine.  The Lamajoun basically resembled an open-faced shawarma, with the intense lamb flavors and bread standing out.  It was definitely delicious and probably worth the Las Vegas inflation rate.  The service was kinda meh, but the Lamajoun saved it from being a real issue.  Overall, good stuff.
Great food and extensive wine list. Have any of the flatbread appetizers. Too full for dessert.
Fantastic service and great food. . . We made a reservation for 5 pm and got there a little before 5 but we still had to wait in line (5 min) as number of people also made the reservation for 5.  We ordered beef tenderloin and white fish along with mushroom flatbread.   Not too crazy about the tempura string beans on beef but everything else came out perfectly cooked especially the fish.  Would go back next time when we are in vegas.
BEEF CARPACCIO! BEEF CARPACCIO!  BEEF CARPACCIO! . . I just got to put it out there for those that just skim through these yelp reviews. That is a MUST GET. Of course unless you dont eat raw beef or is a vegetarian. if you don't get it you are truly missing out. This thing is HUGE! If you are not up for sharing, this could be an entree. In this case, I would probably do just that on my next visit. The dressing and the beef and everything just harmonizes so well. . . My mouth is watering just thinking of that thin layer of raw meat. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng. I swear, I am not a cannibal. . . Moving along with the rest of the dishes.... . Veal & Fontina Fazzoletti http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#vu7X8-BE4xvU9HOBXSUF1A. ...rosemary & burgundy braised veal breast, white truffle emulsion, crispy prosciutto with ravioli.. Mmmhmm good, the veal was braised so nicely with such great flavors of truffle. Very soft and not hard and chewy at all. . . My date got the set dinner menu of the night with the grilled salmon and the alaskan crab saladhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#dEzj29fnC3Kj1CzKILRmLw I believe. Both were very delicious as well. the crab just screamed FRESH! and the salmon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#1m2kuqzMbxB96OFSKaA_xg was perfectly cooked. . . now.. the next item to rave about is the... Seasonal fruit pineapple cocktail. . HOLY COW! I don't think a cocktail can possible get ANY better than this. The pineapple flavors just bursts through and gets topped with this delicious pineapple froth. . Lets just put it this way... we ordered 3 or 4 during dinner.. and before I left I just couldn't resist and asked if I could get another one for the road. . . Dont worry though, this review isn't hyped up or anything just because I got cups after cups of the delicious pineapple drink.
This would be AND SHOULD BE 5 stars, but it won't be...read on. This place  was amazing. We had an outside table right at the railing overlooking the fountains - it was incredible (although on a windy day, you could and would get soaked). The wine, food, waitstaff, all incredible. I don't think it matters what you order, it'll all be wonderful. So, why not 5 stars you ask. There was a couple sitting next to us who seemed nice enough. They obviously were having a nice dinner...just like us. However, by about mid-meal, they were standing for every fountain show....right in front of me! Afterthe 3rd one, I kindly asked if they could move to the other side - what a mouth on the lady....the guy, gravity had taken over and his brain (and proper sense) was seated between his navel and his knees. . . Anyways, so time went on, still enjoying the water show and the food. The lady still had her man up for the water show, but she had progressed to humping him to the music. We nicely said something, but at this point, the wait staff should have intervened. I even said something to the wait staff - he just smiled and said she is driving everyone crazy...oh good! She asked my dinner partner to take a picture with her and I was happy he said no. She got some other poor young innocent guy to take pictures with her and he was clearly uncomfortable as she was running her hands across his hips - yes from side to side...across the front, all while her dinner mate was taking pictures. For that poor young kid's sake, I hope those photos do not show up on some website somewhere...surely they will. Anyways, he finally had the good sense to weasel his way out of her grip, but then she started "posing" while leaning on our table! I and my dinner mate had finally had enough. I said something to her and my dinner mate said something to her dinner mate. Those comments got her off of our table (after she mumbled some choice words in our direction), but that was not all she put in our direction. She promptly sat in her chair, legs spread wide open, and her dinner mate taking pictures. . . So, any question on why this did not get 5 stars? Olives has an obligation (for our $300 meal for two) to provide us with an exquisite dining experience. They got oh so close, but could not pull the trigger on these other guests. I have to assume that they were as shocked as we were and that shock somehow paralyzed them. That paralysis cost them a 5 star rating.. . I would absolutely go back. That is not ever in question. But if my $300 meal includes a soft porn show, then I will go straight to management with my right to dine absent the show.
Service was amazing. Dinner & the Bellagio water show. Food was great. Prices sucked. . . Overall, an amazing dinner experience. I will definitely make it back.
Messed up my reservation. I was so upset since I was taken here for my bday dinner before a show. Sat at the bar while they sort out the seating~ and within 10 minutes or so they got the table ready outside the patio~ Started off in bad note however they made things right so I am going to move on~. . Food was delicious plus the view was quite beautiful~ . . I had the butternut squash tortelli~ very good!. My friend had the pasta special forgot the name but with lot of seafood, which was also very good!. The Fig & prosciutto flat bread was great~ however with the tortelli and the bread basket it was too much food for me~ . . It's a restaurant you'd want to check out if you are on dining venture in Las Vegas.
Fun and lively for a quick drink.
Fantastic service; great wine and food.  Ask to sit on veranda or by windows for view of the fountains.m
Everything started out great - we made our lunch reservation on line and the table was ready for us.  We ordered a number of dishes and shared them between us. So we had a lengthy long lunch. Staff was just great, will be back there soon to enjoy the good food.
My wife and I went here for my birthday.  Very nice place.  . . The bread and olive paste they bring is very good (no surprise, given the name).  For an app, we had the margarita flatbread which was tasty.  My wife had the butternut squash tortelini.  She really liked and you can tell by the way the pasta was cut, it was made fresh (none of those predictable, pre-formed crescent shaped tortelini from a box).  I had the chicken and gnocci which was very good (and filling).  . . They have a very good wine and drink menu.  . . The service was outstanding.  They brought me a special desert free of charge.  It was standard for b-days but still very nice.  . . It is a bit pricey, however, so be prepared.  $193 for app, two entrees, a bottle of wine one cocktail, tax and tip (although I tip fairly well).  . . Overall, very nice experience at Olives!
I know this isn't the hippest new place on the strip but it is a very solid go-to. You can't argue with the location in the Bellagio with the view of the fountains and there are lots of great options on the menu. . . The olive spread and bread selection doesn't disappoint.. . I had a rabbit duo (braised leg and stuffed loin) and both were delicious. It's really hard to make rabbit without it drying out and they did it perfectly. The stuffed loin was tasty, braised leg was perfect. And great portions (no overly tiny food here).. . The only slightly disappointing thing was the dessert! Molten cake was just ok (they were out of the ice cream pie we wanted). But I would definitely come back!
The wife and I stopped by here even before going to our room. When you have kids and want to go on vacation without them there is much to prepare for, after two days of planning and preparing our children and their babysitter we were exhausted by the time our plane landed and we arrived at the Bellagio, therefore, we were starving!. . We got there between lunch and dinner therefore the bar area was the only open area. I desperately needed some fermented malts and barley, so much so I was willing to pay for it as opposed to drinking for free on the floor or in the poker room. The only downside is they do not have any beers on tap, just in the bottle; however, they had a good selection. My wife's diet coke was $5 dollars?! Not sure if it was blessed with baby tears or had gold flakes in it, but diet coke should never be $5 dollars... . Anyways, the wife ordered their burger with the works, and I ordered the beef Carpaccio. Let me start off with my wife's burger, it was only about a 3 star burger, the accompaniments were pretty standard for a place like this, to include over-ratted truffle oil, do not get me wrong, I like truffles, but having had many truffle oils and owning some myself I find it hard to pay the extra for something I do not feel to be as pure or as good as what some places try to portray it as. Her burger was decent, only slightly over cooked but came in at over $20. The fries that come with it are probably made by 3 potatoes; they were sliced like jo-jos so they were even huger in appearance.. . My beef Carpaccio was by far the best I have ever had. This is an explosion of flavor and compliments. The beef tasted so fresh, crisp, and clean.  Underneath had a deep fried Gorgonzola polenta square, on top was parmesan, cipolin onions, balsamic reduction, scallion cream, garlic aioli the nice thing about the deep fried square was the subtle heat it radiated throughout the dish. The toppings were perfect and wonderfully complimented each other. . For my wife's meal and my meal, which was technically an appetizer it cost us over $60 bucks that included 1 beer 1 diet coke and tip. But, it was still worth it, I will forever remember my beef Carpaccio, it is easily one of the best dishes I have had!
I come for the bar and stay for the bartenders.. . For as often as I come to Olives, you would think I would have tried the food by now. After walking the strip or chilling in a nearby casino, I usually work up a thirst for a dirty martini. And after sampling a handful around town--and other cities for that matter--Todd's seems to make the best dirty Chopin vodka martini I've ever had. And of course, they've got the good blue cheese olives.. . As far as their signature cocktails go, I can vouch that the Southern Sidecar is a masterpiece. However, as the name suggests, it is mixed with Southern Comfort. I'm partial to SC, so I substitute it with the always reliable Crown. Whiskey and ginger beer make just the perfect match don't they? Generally speaking, I don't venture far from Crown or martinis, but one of the bartenders sampled me a fruity, passion fruit vodka-based cocktail whose name escapes me. If you see it on the menu and aren't ashamed to have a pink drink in front of you, order it. . . Speaking of bartenders, my faves are Ernie and Zach. I can honestly say they're the nicest, friendliest, and most personable bartenders I've ever met. And once you've been there a few times, they'll remember your face, order, and whatever problems you were discussing that evening. Zach and Ernie have kindly lent me their ear and talked me through a couple of my life troubles while medicating my soul with  martinis. Awesome friends, right?
Food is alright. I go there for their Cable Cars!
great lunch spot, amazing bloody marys, awesome olive spread and breads! everything on the menu is good- very casual and good prices, considering you are at the Bellagio. $74 dollars- and we did not hold back, acutally overordered (2 ppl). Great service- we left happy!
Our party of 4 sat at the bar since that was the only seating available at the time.  We enjoyed the food as well as the bartenders, Zach, Ernie and John.  John took some tome to explain the infused fruit vodka drinks that were on the back shelf.  Our food was great and the atmosphere was as exciting as you would expect in a Casino restaurant.  We plan on returning on our next visit to Vegas.
Really good food. The sliders were amazing, just a little soggy on the bottom, but great flavor. My scallops were perfectly prepared, same with the risotto, and beautifully presented. Excellent wine and presentation, good service. I would definitely go back!
Todd English's Olives is located in Bellagio. We didn't make a reservation, so unfortunately, we did not have a good view of the fountains from our table, so keep this in mind if you are planning a trip! Despite the lack of a reservation, we were seated quickly and our server was very attentive.  I got the fig & prosciutto flatbread and it was delicious! They have a nice wine list as well.
How did we get so lucky to get the perfect table outside on the patio, directly in front of the fountains? . . We noshed on short rib-overwhelmingly decadent, Fig and prosciutto flat bread-ahmazing! Chicken gnocchi-delicious. Banana tiramisu-yum.  Bread basket..lavash, chocolate and walnut bread-it will put you in a carb induced coma. . . The service was good, prompt without leaving you feeling rushed. If you want to get a great view of the fountains without having to elbow your way through and want to have a finer dining experience than the casino buffet, Olives would be a great place to check out.
I decided to take a different route for my birthday (September 2011) - have a relaxing day with no plans. That led me to wanting lunch at OLiVES. My fiance and I walked up to the hostess and requested a table for two. She told us the wait would be an hour since we didn't have reservations and ended it with an apathetic "sorry," but also suggested the bar. I walked away hurt and annoyed, then came to the realization that the bar may be fine. We luckily found two seats toward the end of the bar near the patio (what a fantastic view!) and decided to go with it. Shaky start with no bartender really paying us any attention, however one finally comes over and apologizes for the wait and is more than happy to get us everything we need.. . I began with a White Cosmo - delicious - and calamari. The portion was extremely generous, fresh squid, the batter was crisp and light with a balancing spicy marinara and creamy jalapeno aioli (could have been spicier but very tasty nonetheless), very yummy. Definitely a top five calamari dish. From their Restaurant Week menu, I chose the Wild Mushroom Tart with herbed goat cheese, caramelized red onions, black truffle essence and parsley butter. It was tasty with just a kick of truffle flavor, however it seemed burnt and the mushrooms had no body left to it - just crisp, dry pieces thrown on top.. . For entrees, I had the Skirt Steak Frites with spicy broccoli rabe, vidalia onion marmalade, watercress, lemon vinaigrette and OLiVES fries - steak prepared medium rare and done to my liking; the marmalade marinade was good although not my favorite steak dressing; the fries were crispy potato wedges with seasoning and just okay. My boyfriend got the Ricotta Ravioli with roasted tomato basil sauce and sweet Italian sausage - very yummy! The ricotta filling was fantastic and the sauce was balanced, tasty and well-bodied.. . We shared the Vanilla Semifreddo for dessert that featured a marble cake (surprisingly light, but unimpressive), the semifreddo (fresh, light and a nice richness) and fresh strawberries. Great presentation. Not a dessert I would order again though.. After our meal, we sampled additional cocktails like one with muddled blackberries, mint, vodka, sour and a little soda. All very delicious! The veteran bartenders definitely know what they're doing and have a few tricks up their sleeves. Their housemade fresh fruit infused vodkas are a must try! We sampled the batch made with Madagascar vanilla beans, strawberries and blueberries - WOW. So flavorful and great just by itself.. . After making friends with the other patrons of the bar (whom were all also enjoying themselves very much), we ended up staying there for almost FOUR HOURS! We had such a great time with the bartenders and other diners! Based on that alone, I am definitely making my way back there and I'm not sitting anywhere but the bar - great food to munch on during the afternoon and delicious house-crafted cocktails (every drink on their specialty menu was created by a bartender on their staff with the exception of two classics). To think I was going to walk away? Best birthday lunch, EVER.
Was invited to lunch with a small group for a business meeting.  We only had about an hour, but the waiter did a great job of getting us out timely. The restaurant is busy, but it does not seem frenetic.  We were served our drinks, and they brought a large basket of breads and crackers, along with some spreads.  They were very tasty while we waited on our food.  We had a selection of sandwiches and pasta - my pasta was the ravioli with vegetables in a creamy sauce - I have to tell you that it was excellent!   This was my first visit to a Todd English restaurant, but I would definitely go again
I loved the beef carpaccio!!!
I have always wanted to try this place. Finally, we made reservations. The phone number for this place online is listed so that it routes you to Ceaser's entertainment. It was quite difficult to actually call them back to change reservations - no one would answer! . . TIP: If you get routed to ceaser's phone number - ask for their direct phone number.. TIP: Ask for Waterfront seating so you can watch the show - and for the perfect seat, ask for the table directly in front of the terrace.. . We ordered the butternut squash pasta - reccomended.. We ordered a flatbread that had arugula - not reccomended. It is bland. Get another flatbread!. . Very nice variety of breads and nice olive tapanade for the table.. . Service could be better.. . You may want to order a bottle of wine if it's 2 people - may be a better deal then just getting a glass.. . Best thing about this place is sitting outside on the terrace and watching the show!
I've eaten here every time I'm in town.   Great food and great view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
I had lunch there, just walked up, with no reservation. It was just me, because my friends were still in the hotel, hungover. It was a beautiful day, and they had a balcony, so I thought it would be awesome if I had lunch on the balcony.  Unfortunately I was seated inside. I assume they probably only seat groups of 2 or more out there perhaps. . . The interior is really dark and dim, which is too bad. Would have been nice to get some sunlight because of the great weather. I noticed there was a narrow corridor past the bar that had seating near large windows though. . . Anyway, digressing a bit here but, the lack of outdoor seating in vegas made me realize how spoiled Minnesotan's are with abundant outdoor rooftop dining and patio dining. It was incredibly hard to find that in vegas! Which is weird considering they have such great weather. Who wouldn't want to eat outdoors and soak in the sun?. . Alright, back to the review: the butternut squash tortelli was delicious! It had a hint of cookie in it. So original and tasty! Loved it. The $24 glass of red wine I had along with the meal was fantastic. Smooth and rich. The best glass of cabernet I've had in a long time! Too bad I forgot the brand name of it.... . I didn't get a chance to eat at any other restaurants on the Strip since we mostly ate at cheaper areas like Chinatown and downtown Vegas, so I can't compare Olives with the other places on the Strip.  However Olives was definitely my favorite dining experience on the trip, not to mention the prices at Olives were actually incredibly reasonable for the quality and style of food. . . I was a bit nervous trying it out blindly, I usually check Yelp before going to places, but it all worked out! I'm pleasantly surprised and pleased!
I would recommend making reservations waaay in advance to sit outside for dinner, or make reservations the day before to sit outside for lunch. Hanging out in the patio while the fountains do their thing is quite a site. The service was pretty good and the food was delicious. We had a bibb lettuce salad and shared a mushroom flat bread. The presentation of the salad was really nice and the dressing on it was light and tasty. The flat bread was also really great tasting. Oh....make sure to order the blueberry sour. Yummers! Drink slowly though :). . Do expect to pay a little more than your average lunch place.
Wow, I just realized I never wrote a review for this place!!! We came here in 2007 with family for Thanksgiving since we were all staying at the Bellagio so we made reservations for Thanksgiving day. There were 14 of us so we had our own long table in the back with the view of the strip. We ordered turkey, stuffing and cranberry sandwiches, mashed potatoes, lots of Thanksgiving sides and pies for us to all share. Our waiters were very accommodating and we were pretty loud but they seemed to like us very lively that day! . . Our bill was over $2,000 but then again it was the 14 of us and I'm sure our waiters didn't mind the nicetip they got from it.
Wow, so good.  Thanks to Yelp I knew just what to order but the Calamari was already off the menu and the very helpful waiter told me they rotate many dishes every 4 months or so as in the Vegas scene gets tired quick.. . I ordered for a table of three at lunch and had the Beef Carpaccio and the Fig flatbread as starters. They were simply awesome.  The women at my table loved the flatbread and I thought the Beef was really really good.  . . Next course was the handmade tortellini, chicken gnocci, and a current special which was surf and turf.  The dishes are listed above in the order of their goodness... is that the right way to say that??  Whatever , you get it.  smoking good squach tortellini.  This is a dish that could very easliy be dessert SO GOOD...  The Gnocci was good but not kiiler and the Surf and Turf didn't have enough surf but the taste was great.... . I am coming back to this place.  Thankfully the experience on an expense account is guiltless so that obviously enhances the experience...  Yum yum  Keep it up Todd.
We came for lunch and since it was a beautiful day, we decided to sit outdoors next to the Bellagio fountains.. . The bread basket included an assortment of breads but my favorite was the onion focaccia.. . We ordered fig & prosciutto flat bread, crab stuffed jumbo prawns, brick oven roasted free range chicken, and chicken and gnocchi.  . . The oven roasted chicken was just that, roasted chicken.. . The flatbread can be a meal by itself.  It had big chunks of figs, almost too big.  I would have liked thinly sliced figs.  Overall it was very good.. . Chicken and gnocchi and the crab stuffed jumbo prawns were the best dishes.. . Prices were a bit steep, but it was expected at a restaurant inside the Bellagio.
FOIE GRAS!!! . . As a native Californian, I was finally able to get that spectacular, sinfully, savory dish and eat it unabashedly.  In front of everyone.  Holy smokes, I'm like a drug addict.. . Alas, Olives was a pleasant evening with wonderful food.  It is your higher end Vegas restaurant experience: dishes are preparedvery well, waitstaff is very friendly, and everything has a Vegas premium on the price.. . I had the rabbit confit, which was prepared very well.  Not covered with too much of anything, glaze or garnish, it was excellent. The foie gras was marvelous: it wasn't a pate, it was the actual liver.  Paired it with a sweet desert wine, which tasted even sweeter after pre-dinner Oban.. . The Bellagio fountains outside make for wonderful views.  The ambiance was nice, but the group I was with is not quiet and was not sober, so, sadly, we made it a bit louder.  The waitstaff was very patient with everyone and gave them recommendations on wine and dishes.. . It's hard to come back to restaurants in Vegas, given the opportunity cost, but I'd come back to Olives.
Loved this place. Quick lunch service. Our server was hilarious. We didnt sit outside but they have a really good view of the fountains. It is expensive, like everything else on the strip but definitely worth visiting again. Great vegetarian options too. They had at least 4 veggie options on the menu. Go here.
We chose this restaurant for our "fancy dinner out" in Vegas and I'm so glad we did. The ambiance was just what I was looking for...dark, romantic, and modern, while not being stuffy and too quiet. We had reservations and when we checked in, we asked for a table with a view of the fountains. We only had to wait an extra 10 minutes for the table. . . I ordered the Chicken & Gnocchi and my husband had the Roasted Maine Lobster Fra Diavolo. We both loved our pastas. I'm not much of a steak eater, so I loved that the menu offered so many different options. We got the fancy steakhouse feel, but with delicious pasta and flatbread options. I loved that. . . The menu is a bit pricey, but considering the other comparable dinner restaurant options nearby, it was on par. The great food, service, and ambiance made it worth it, especially for a nice dinner out. I definitely plan on returning next time I'm in vegas!!
Fantastic dinner.  Service was excellent the entire evening as well.  We ate with another couple.  The men each got the porterhouse which comes with fried lobster mac n cheese.  The ladies ordered scallops with short ribs and polenta.  This may be the only time in history I consider a scallop dish better than a porterhouse.  It's not that I don't like scallops, but I love steak.  The porterhouses were on the thin side, and had a bit of char on them.  I love a good sear, but this went beyond.  It was like one side was left on the grill a bit too long.  One nice thing in this day and age of a la carte, at Olives the entrees all come with sides.  That was a nice surprise.. . The scallops were unreal.  Buttery, perfectly cooked.  And, the accompaniments were spot on.   A really good example of a dish coming together.  I was jealous, but fortunately my wife shares, so I got to enjoy quite a bit.. . As I said, the service was fantastic.  As our server asked if we would like dessert, he informed us we could move to a table out on the patio and watch the fountains.  Our guests are from out of town, so the fountains of Bellagio were a huge draw for them, and one of the reasons we picked Olives.  So, very excited this was available.  I had port, but the other 3 shared a warm cookie dessert with ice cream.  I had a couple bites, the cookies were of excellent quality.  It was an excellent end to a great evening.  Recommended, and order an order of scallops for the table, even if no one gets them.
Romantic, but a little loud.  However, a beautiful spot with excellent food and service.
Went here for lunch while on my last trip to Vegas. We got there right when it opened which is key to getting a patio table to view the waters show. . . The food was really quite delicious. My friend and I shared a fig and balsamic flat bread --which was sinfully delicious! I would highly recommend this one if you're a fan of those flavors. . . For my entree I ordered the ravioli and my friend ordered the carpaccio. She out-ordered me for sure! The carpaccio was not only gorgeous to look at but tasted amazing.  The ravioli was okay but nothing special. I also think it was a tad expensive for what it was, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. There appear to be much better options on the menu here that will blow you away more than the ravioli.
Service 5 stars. Atmosphere 5 for outside/3 for inside.. Food 4 stars.. I have a hard time getting used to idea of a 4$ restaurant in the mall.  We were seated in the front, which had an open wall to the mall.  On the other hand, the dining outside looked awesome-do yourself a favor & wait the extra 20 minutes to be seated there.  Fig flatbread was good, crab rissotto great. Large servings.
Really enjoyed my experience here.  Came in for lunch.  Had the butter squash ravioli...probably one of the best ravioli I had.  The only missing star is the bread and spread came after our meals were served.
Been there many times and had a chance to visit again this week.  Great service, nice beer selection, yummy food.  Only complaint, not a fan of seating so close that you can hear your neighbor's conversation...Overall, a great "go to" you can trust to take customers or have a nice dinner with friends.
Fantastic place!!! We got seated right away, they are very polite and always keep your glasses full. Food was amazing and the server was very attentive. The only thing I disliked was how close the tables next to us were but I guess that's what you get in a restaurant in busy Las Vegas!  You can also sit outside but when it's in the 100's -who wants to? Amazing place! Would go back in a heart beat when we're in Vegas again!
I come here fairly often for lunch and dinner. I always have a good time here and the food is fantastic. The flatbreads are so yummy. Beef carpaccio is great! Their seabass and scallops here are fantastic. Chicken and steak are pretty good here too. Yeah, I do love Olives.
If you are going to eat here, plan ahead so you can wait for the patio.  The atmosphere is just delightful.  I will say the last two trips the hostesses were almost downright rude to us about asking for the patio.  I know they must get the request all day long, but get over it and be nice.  Both times I think we were told it was going to be a 60 minute wait for the patio and both times we had a table within 20 minutes.  Maybe they do that to force people into taking an inside table.  . . The food had never disappointed us.  The carpaccio is wonderful in my book!  And any of the homemade pastas have been delish!  The short-rib pasta dish is another favorite.. . The music volume on the patio is an area they could fix.  The restaurant music turns off when the fountain show begins.  And automatically restarts after the show ends.  However, it restarts at a blaring level and staff has to run over and turn it down every single time.  Maybe it was a glitch on our last visit.   . . Overall, one of my favorite restaurants on the strip.  Not inexpensive by any means, but not as outrageously prices as many.
Came here because of a recommendation from a friend while staying in Las Vegas and had a Greek salad with grilled chicken. The waiter was excellent, very friendly and personable. My salad was good, I just wasn't really "wowed" by anything we had in particular. I would happily return there for lunch on my next weekend getaway in Vegas !
I came here Memorial Day weekend on a trip to Vegas with my girlfriends. First of all, we called the day of  to push back our Saturday night reservation a few hours, and they were accommodating. However we showed up about 40 minutes late anyways and didn't expect to still be able to get a table since they were booked solid. The hostess said she would do her best to get us a table or we could eat at the bar. We waited about 30 min and she was able to seat us at a table. We felt very lucky and were appreciative of her efforts.. . We each ordered cocktails and each one was wonderful. They give you an ipad with the drink menu, which is a fun and useful incorporation of technology. I had a ginger one, which had a marvelous rich ginger flavor. It was the favorite among the group. I order a lot of ginger-y cocktails and this is the best one yet! . . For an appetizer my friends and I shared the beef carpaccio. I have never ordered this dish before, but it was outstanding. My foodie friend informed me that the beef was the perfect quality and it was likely the best she had. It cost about $20 and it was worth it. Great for sharing!. . I ordered the scallops for my main course. They were buttery and delicious on a bed of perfectly creamy mashed potatoes. Possibly the best I have had and worth the price of $42. My friends ordered the prime beef tenderloin which came with a crab cake ($52) and the mushroom pappardelle ($32). The tenderloin and crab cake were very tasty, but we spent some time debating whether it was worth the high price. Neither the beef nor the crab cake were particularly special or prepared in a difficult way, although they were definitely better than average. The crab cake was my favorite part, probably because I love crab. Additionally, the pappardelle was good, but also not outstanding. . . We were too full to order dessert.. . The service and ambience of the restaurant was lovely. Not so dark you can't read or see each other, but dark enough to have a relaxing, romantic atmosphere. They serve three types of bread (chocolate walnut, foccacia, and a cheese crisp) with olives and olive tapenade. We enjoyed quite a bit of these. When our meal was winding down, the man who served our bread/bused our table informed us to keep an eye out for interesting people. He would not tell us who. We hoped to spot some celebrity entering the restaurant after this comment, but were unsuccessful. . . Overall, I really enjoyed the food and service at Olives. I give it three stars instead of four because some of the dishes did not exceed our expectations as we had hoped, but many did. If my family or friends were to visit Vegas, I would recommend this restaurant to them.
Reservations are strongly advised!  This place was packed, even at 10pm on a Sunday night on memorial day weekend.  If you come here for dinner, you MUST dine on the terrace at night to get an unobstructed view of he Bellagio Fountains and the vegas strip.  Unfortunately, you can only request the terrace once you check in and will most likely be placed on a wait list.  If this happens, go play some blackjack or craps, because it is worth the extra wait time.  The food was good, but not outstanding.  My husband and I shared a salad, sausage flatbread, and their ravioli with lobster.  I have to admit, the ravioli dish was delicious and different - somewhat sweet with corn essence.  It was also made with fresh spring peas which I am always a sucker for.  Anyway, I highly recommend this dish!  . . Overall, food was good and the view is AMAZING!!
This is my second time coming here for lunch and it was delicious!. . Todd English Olives is located across from Tiffany's and really close to the side Valet.  Super easy in & out!. . We sat our on the patio, when it was like 90-100 degrees.  There weren't any misters on yet and the fountains NEVER went off during our entire hour+ lunch.  Kind of a bummer.. . Service was pretty good.  The server forgot my guests drink twice, but it was quickly replenished when we brought it up.. . I ordered:. Chilled Crab Salad. mixed greens, asparagus, shaved fennel, cucumber, roma tomato, red onion,. mandarin segments, red pepper coulis, champagne vinaigrette.....$17. *It was perfect for a super hot day!. . My guest ordered a flatbread and really enjoyed it.. . I also ordered a flavored iced tea that was really good (maybe it was peach?). . I would definitely come back here- very good for a business lunch!
Butternut Squash. Sliders. A must!. Some good flavors, some not so good ex: Ceasar's Salad and tomato Basil mediocre.
I always look forward to come to Olives when I come to Vegas. It is somewhere you definitely need to make reservations or else you prob gonna have to wait. I never tried it for dinner but lunch is good and inexpensive. . . Service is usually good. They usually have lunch specials and I usually get that but i guess it depends on what pasta lunch special they have. Their pastas are really good because it's hand toss/house made. I also really recommend sharing a beef capraccio with a friend which is SUPER GOOD. There are like stuffing inside the middle of the plate and kind of a salad. I don't really like the stuffing but besides that It is super good. . . I recommend anybody coming here for lunch(never tried dinner) when they're in vegas.
OK, so a restaurant that is perched on the fountain at the Bellagio automatically gets 2 stars; they could have a horrible staff and only serve cow manure and it would get a two.. I mean just plug your nose, sit quiet, and watch the fountain. That being said, despite the obvious benefits of the setting, I wasn't incredibly impressed with this place, especially given that the bar for dining is a little higher in Vegas in general. Don't get me wrong, it was good food, good service, and I have no big complaints... it just didn't WOW me - and who isn't looking to get "wow'ed" in Sin City? With so many amazing places to go in this town, it may be hard to get me to come back here. I would recommend to a Vegas first timer who wants to picture themselves sitting next to Danny Ocean by the fountain after pulling off that big heist - it's a very "Vegas" experience that everyone should have. Not sure I would recommend if you can't get a spot on the patio, though - in that case you're just in a pretty good but pricey Italian restaurant and may as well bein Pittsburgh..  . Only actual complaint was they couldn't get the speaker volume right on the patio, they must have turned it up then down 5 times in the course of the meal per people's complaints/requests.
If you are going here make reservations at night, make them for the patio, so that you can enjoy the fountain. I had high hopes for this place because of all of the great reviews, but the food was just OK.  It wasn't bad, but I was not blown away.
Yes, it was hard to get seated, so we sat at the bar, which was fine.  The bartenders are great and we got really good info on places to go to and places to avoid.  They didn't steer us wrong.  The food was great and the atmosphere was great.  we will go back next time in Vegas.
I'm going to try to make this as simple as possible :) . . ***********Pros***************. The starter bread was great with the delicious spread given. There were two olive puree dips and whole unpitted Olives....I put that on even my main entree!. (Photo Provided). . They have cool touchscreen menus!!. (Photo Provided). . Our waiter was very kind and prompt! I wish i remembered his name to write it here. . . The meal we ordered was Tuna Tartare (Excellent!), Beef Carappachio (Well Made and Yummy for my first time trying it) and Prime Tenderloin w/ Tempura Asparagus and Crab Cakes (Most interesting  and  Taste was GREAT overall). I've never had big slices of onions carmelized inside the mashed potatoes before which were Awesome!  (Photo Provided). . The presentation of their cocktails were most delicious looking. I ordered the Pineapple Doli was absolutely delicious! The foam on top reminded me  a lil' of the Dole Whip Factory from my previously visit to Oahu, HI. (Photo Provided). . The only mentioned that we were celebrating our First Anniversary was on Opentable.com, I wasn't sure if they got the message but the end of our meal they were soo kind enough to bring us a creme puff dessert with "Happy Anniversary" handwritten perfectly in chocolate to enjoy! That was seriously the highlight of our wonderful experience here! (Photo Provided). . ************Cons:***************. They have tables indoors and outdoors with the view of the  Bellagio Fountain Show. We made reservations for 5:15pm  (restaurant opens at 5pm) requesting this but a couple SERIOUSLY ONE minute before us got this special view table! DARNN!!!  Oh well.....If you guys want an amazing view table, you should definately try the outdoors ones available. It was 115 degrees this weekend so No thank you for us this time. Not the restaurant's fault at all......(Photo Provided). . My Prime Tenderloin wasn't cooked to the "Medium Rare" as requested, but more Medium more.. . Just two small cons....I count those as not so important overall!!
We like Olives for lunch -- usually you can walk in & be seated.  Check to see if you can sit outside, but it was 122' when we were there in early July, so inside was just lovely.. . Love, love, love the Beef Carpaccio.  Enough to share for lunch with the bread & olive spread & tapenade.  Great wine by the glass selection.  Love the iPad wine list.. . Easy repeat for me.
We had a lovely lunch overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The cauliflower flatbread pizza was full of great flavor and perfect for lunch.  My husband highly enjoyed his grilled squid and octopus with chickpeas, which was impressive since he is not a huge chickpeas fan.  Nice wine list too.
the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains are worth every penny
Excellent service, very nice decor. Nice olives and tapanade for our fresh breads and delicious flatbread. Creamy avocado soup and lobster mousse was delicious.  Chilean sea bass cooked to perfection and the pineapple cake and coconut ice cream was yummy.
We had made a reservation for 9:15 here because we wanted a seat outside with a view of the fountain show....... It decided to rain, so they closed the outside :( anyways they accommodated us to a table closest to the glass wall so that we can see the show :) . . The drink menu was on an iPad which I thought was pretty cool! I was recommended to have the 'Slingback' martini.... I loved it! As soon as a finished my first, I ordered another one. We ordered the squid and octopus and the chicken and sausage flatbread. Both things were okay, my friend said that the squid and octopus should've came with bread or something for dipping since it looked more like a soup than anything else. Overall, the atmosphere was really nice and the view was beautiful.
Very solid meal here. The complimentary bread and spreads were very tasty. . . Fig prosciutto flatbread (4 stars): very tasty and savory . Chilean Sea Bass (4 stars): the corn pudding on the side added a pleasant sweet note to the dish
My wife and I make it a point to eat at Olives when we are in Vegas. We must have dined at Olives at least a dozen or so times.  We start with a class of Prosecco and The Fig Prosciutto flatbread. A fantastic way to start the meal! When I entertain clients  Olives is my "go to" restaurant. Last October we took some friends to Olives and they agreed it's a great dinner. . . The service is usually excellent . . . except this time. My wife and I ate there Tuesday, 7/23 and our waiter was okay. A couple times we had to hunt him down to get something. I had ordered the Maytag Martini. (Next time your in the mood for some great blue cheese try Maytag!) The martini arrived with pimento stuffed olives instead of Maytag. When I pointed it out to the waiter he brought over a couple of Maytag stuffed olives on a napkin rather than have the drink remade correctly. He then disappeared until after we had finished our dinner. . . On their comment card I had written out what happened and asked the hostess to give the card to the manager on duty. I then saw her hand the comment card to the waiter who stuffed it in his back pocket. So far we haven't heard from Olives so I suspect he just trashed the comment card.. . We are hopeful that the service on our last visit just means they have a bad apple on their wait staff. We'll give them another chance, fingers crossed. As I said, previously Olives has always been very good.
The food was ok, I enjoyed the experience and the service was vexcellent.  Our server's name was Paul.  We had the beef carpaccio appetizer and grilled squid appetizer.  The squid was ok, and the beef was good.  The beef carpaccio was a huge appetizer.  Overall the experience was amazing because of the service and we sat outside with a front row seat for the fountains.
I had the shrimp stuffed crab. Truffle fries good. Sorbet was great. Service was great. . Was going to sit outside, but it was to hot. . Otherwise good !
Restaurant Week Meal #7 (Lunch for $30.13):. Appetizer: Cantaloupe Soup OR Portabello Piccata OR Caprese Tart. . Entree: Roasted Breast of Chicken OR Lake Superior Whitefish OR Grilled Skirt Steak. . Dessert: Coconut Caramel Cake OR Seasonal Sorbet Trio. . Since I was already getting the steak, my friend opted to get a burger and truffle fries instead of doing RW. I was asked if I've tried Olives before and I haven't...we had bread service and that's when I realized why I haven't been here - I'm allergic to olives! Too late, we already placed our order.. . Cantaloupe Soup:. With almonds and minted creme fraiche. I like cantaloupe so this was an easy choice plus, it's different. A nice, cool and refreshing soup. It's lightly salted so it's not like eating dessert. It's best eaten with a spoon which the server didn't give me. 4/5. . Grilled Skirt Steak:. Came with Italian sausage mashed potatoes, roasted Brussels sprouts, Pinot Noir reduction topped with watercress salad. I love steak but this one was not that good especially if they don't give you a steak knife. 3.5/5. . Coconut Caramel Cake:. Came with chocolate malt ice cream and coconut brittle. I'm not a fan of coconut but I was not in the mood for sorbet either.  The ice cream was very good. The cake was like a deconstructed macaroon. Not too bad. 4/5. . Olive's Burger and Truffle Fries:. Dressings on the side: pickles, tomatoes and onions. This usually comes with Parmesan Fries but my friend got it substituted with Truffle Fries. His first burger was cooked medium-well...and dry so he sent it back.  The second burger was perfectly medium-rare. Tasty and juicy. The fries were perfect! 4.5/5. . Despite the utensil snafu, Olives has good things going on.  The burger and truffle fries...yum! They have a nice view of the Miracle Mile and the Fountains of Bellagio if you sit at the patio. There are birds waiting for a free meal but they're not pesky.
Sit outdoors on the patio and have a great dinner with view of the fountains!
Restaurant Week Lunch!. . Buuuuut I got distracted by the Olives burger with Truffle Cheese and Truffle Fries!  Woops lol...at least I was able to sample off it!. . To start, the Complimentary bread. Good stuff in here, but it's amazing with the fresh olive spread!  Before coming here, I've never had enjoyable olives...just not my thing I guess, but I enjoyed most of these very much!  Yum :D. . First course, Cantaloupe Soup: Almonds and Minted Creme Fraiche. I like cantaloupe, but not really in soup form. Not overly sweet though, just not for me.. . Second course, Grilled Skirt Steak: Italian Sausage Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, and Pinot Noir Reduction with Watercress. This was good, but not a very tender cut in the first place. I really enjoyed the mashed potatoes with the sausage inside though! . . And for me, Olives Burger ($21): Truffle Cheese, Caramelized Red Onions, and Truffle Fries (+$3). First burger came out MW, sent it back and got a perfect MR. Initial juices pour out front/back, truffle cheese has a tasty bite, and the caramelized onions added a nice crunch! The truffle fries were very good, with lots of truffle oil.  One of the better burgers you will find in Vegas!. . And to finish, Coconut Caramel Cake: Chocolate Malt Ice Cream and Coconut Brittle. Yummy! Imagine a coconut macaroon cake with a rich chocolate ice cream on top.  MmmmMmm good :). . We sat outside to enjoy the view and Bellagio fountains, but the fountains weren't working that day! Would have been a great view of them at the patio tables. Loved all the little birds flying around, looking for snacks.  They weren't pestering though, and added a nice touch to the beautiful day.. . Service was a little off...soup got served without a spoon.  Waters went empty couple times, and my first burger was overcooked, but overall my experience was good, and the burger and fries were great!. . Pics :
Phenomenal beer list, and the food is ... well what you would expect from Todd English.  Love the sliders, the wings during happy hour were good, really have never had a bad meal here.
Great food and flavors and an excellent dining experience. Olive burger was great, very flavorfull and cooked to a perfect mid rare. It was a little busy but did not wait long and received good service. Only dislike was it felt like we were being rushed towards the end of our dining experience. Wasnt offered or asked if we wanted dessert and actually had to ask for dessert menu but definitely worth it.  I will definitely be back...
First things first! MAKE RESERVATIONS and if you want to eat on the patio, which you should, come EARLY (10 minutes?) and check in, there will be a line to eat out on the patio (even with reservations).. . Our reservations were a 5pm (when they open) and we were seating in one of the 4 table on the patio that is along the wall over looking the Bellagio water show. Waiter was excellent, charismatic and honest with helping us choose our meals!! . . Husband and I shared, with all the eating in Vegas, 2 full meals was just too much! We started with a Caesar was good, but not the best I have ever had. We also enjoyed the basket of complimentary bread, there were 3 kinds served with an olive spread and olives. Our main dish was the chicken with a side of broccoli rabe, VERY flavorful and yummy. We also got aside of the truffle mac and cheese (lacked flavor, but liked the crunchy outside) and tempura green beans.
The highlight of this restaurant is the complimentary bread basket and the olives/tapenade spread. The place is quite loud (hard to hear the people who are sitting across from you) and very crowded (make a reservation ahead of time). The food was just okay for price. Not great, but certainly delicious. The waitstaff were all very friendly and nice (diligent about refilling waters and iced teas).
We snuck away and had lunch here on a Saturday at noon, without needing a reservation. The staff were pleasant and efficient...nothing extraordinary, but nice and capable. We all shared several plates, including the beef carpaccio, the mushroom flatbread and the butternut squash pasta...all three were raved about and devoured!!! Along with the crispy flat bread and the tapenade, a fantastic lunch. We may even sneak back today and repeat with the same choices. ;-)
Awwww Yelper's! Ya'll are letting me down! I'm sad to say that I was disappointed in the food here but the drinks here were SUPERB.. . For the price of dinner, I felt that Olives really could have done better. I had the rib-eye which was yummy but totally didn't understand the potato chip garnish, really??. . Secondly, the mushroom risotto is not mushroom risotto but mushroom FLAVORED extra watery rice, I was not a fan.. . The servers, drinks, and location are fabulous which is what lead me to my four star review.
In the Bellagio hotel. I made reservation through Yelp for 7:30 amd even though there was a crowd at the door we were seated on time. Reservations a must here. Well made Martinis good wine selection. I had the Scallops which can be hard to cook just right but these were the best I have ever had. Great view of the fountains if you sit outside or by the window. Nice olive pate and olives served with crisp flat bread upon seating.
Was not a fan of the beef carpaccio that most reviews raved about, but the grilled octopus and squid was a great dish.  However, the MUST try dish was the Manila Clams with pasta.  Wow, the fresh pasta made this dish.  I'm still dreaming of this dish as I'm writing this review.  They also have a great selection of wines, which was a big plus.  The service was just meh.  Could be better and more attentive for an upscale restaurant.  Overall it was a nice experience.
After a failed attempt during my last trip here I finally was able to give Olives a try. . . Hubs and I had lunch outside overlooking the fountains. I ordered the crab pasta off the special menu of the day ($25.) Hubs ordered the crab stuffed prawns scampi ($26.) We shared a mixed greens salad ($14.) Total without gratuity was $70.27.. . We devoured the complimentary bread basket with spreads and olives. The assorted bread was great I was in carb heaven, the cheese crisp was good and the spreads were delicious on the fresh bread. . . Our entrees took about 30 minutes and was served all together. I thought the salad would be served first. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the crab meat was sweet. The portion was perfect almost too much pasta (and that is being said by an Italian) Hubs enjoyed the stuffed prawns. He said it was probably the best meal during our trip. The mixed green salad was just okay nothing exciting nor memorable. . . Service was wonderful. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. The water glasses were always full and they remove the plates after both of us were finished. . . I couldn't have asked for much more it was a nice meal outside with beautiful surroundings and perfect weather with Hubs.
From appetizer to entree, everything was delicious. The fried Mac-n-cheese was amazing!
My boyfriend and I decided to try Olives for my birthday which happened to fall on a Monday. We had a reservation so there wasn't a wait but the restaurant was very busy. It was extremely dark inside and very noisy, which took away from the experience I found. The food was better than average, I had the beef tenderloin and he had the salmon which was great. Loved the bread basket, onion bread was delicious! Overall I think it was a good experience. If I could've heard my boyfriend speak over the other chatter then it would've been ideal.
Service was wonderful. The recommended wine was a little sweet for us, but it was good.  The food was good/very good. Creme brullee was excellent.  The prices are reasonable for the quality of food/service. The view is awesome! Definitely would be a great date place.. you can see the Bellagio fountains from the windows or the patio.  Make a reservation (just like everywhere in Vegas) and you'll be good to go!
Came here for dinner.. . Boy was it expensive, but Ive never tasted food like this!. . My husband and me weren't that hungry, so we ordered The Chilean Sea Bass. It was really delicious! I have never eaten fish like that. The sauce was amazing! portion was okay. But my husband and I don't eat alot so it was fine. . We had our 1year old with us so I just asked them for some butter with pasta and they gave us an appetizer price for it. He absolutely loved it! . . ONLY reason this gets 4 stars is that it was way too busy - our server we had to catch him and it was hard to get hold of anyone if we needed something or to order. I didn't like that. Because in a fancy place you expect excellent service!
Good food but made us wait 15 minutes longer than our reservation time.
I am deducting a star from my previous review.. . Set scene: Saturday night, my friend's birthday dinner, Olives is busy, noisy, and full of patrons. Our six-person party is seated in the main dining area and our menus are give to us, as well as the iPad wine menu (so fancy huh). I swept through the wine menu, but wasn't sure on what to have. I inquired with our waiter who seemed not so keen to help me decide so I had to goad him with a few clues and actually ended up taking the advice of my friend seated next to me while the waiter just nodded and took the order.. . Next came dinner; although the food was very good I feel as though the prices are somewhat askew. Not on everything, but definitely on the Grilled Sirloin my husband ordered for $49. The steak was minuscule, and yes, I realize plating and stacking food is a cute and fancy and all, but I don't care how you stacked this thing it was still not big enough to justify being $49. I must admit though that my husband missed out on half the dish as he requested the peas, onions, and roquefort cream be removed from the dish. (Yes, this is me sighing unpleasantly as he explains this to the server. Ah, my picky husband...). . I had the Ricotta Ravioli, actually a very decadent dish with the perfect amount of raviolis and sweet Italian sausage. It was the perfect amount of food, and the price was solid.. . Foie gras... our table split this as an app. This time around I felt as though the foie gras was not as good. It was a bit stringy, and honest to goodness I was a bit miffed at the lighting in the dining room because I couldn't SEE the appetizer as it was on the other side of the table from me. . . For dessert... my husband and I shared the Pumpkin-pie-like-custard-like dessert creation. The name escapes me now, but dang it was PUMPKINY. I had a bite and was basically floored by how much it tasted like pumpkin. . . Overall... I plan to head elsewhere for birthday or anniversary or night-out dining in Vegas. Although I do like Olives I think there are some places that do the special night out dining better.
Overall I enjoyed my meal a lot.  The food, while very pricey, was delicious though had a few execution issues.  For example, my otherwise excellent beef tartare had two separate beds of mashed potatoes that really didn't make sense.  The striped bass that I had from the specials menu was delicious.  I loved the flavor of the butternut squash tortelli but I thought that the plating wasn't very attractive.  Portions were just the right size, but with most entrees hovering around $50, this is not a cheap night out.  Service was excellent.. . A note to fellow diners - please keep your voices at a reasonable level and control your children.  With tile floors and high ceilings, Olives can get pretty loud.
If you're lost and alone. Or you're sinking like a stone, carry on!. May your past be the sound. Of your feet upon the ground, carry on at Todd English's Olives! - Fun (carry on). . With Michael Mina and Sensi closed for the holidays at the Bellagio, I turned my attention to Todd English's Olives! (mainly because of his name and how many restaurants he's opened) You will notice right away how dimly lit the place is in general. Since it was December, I thoroughly appreciated they were playing Christmas music in the background and the fountain view from our table.. . The foie gras starter we had was an interesting experience for me. I love foie gras but I don't remember eating it on its own. They made it as an appetizer with brioche, pears, yogurt, and walnuts. When combined with all the components, it works really nicely. However if you eat the foie gras alone, it feel's very fattening and I think only the hardcore foie gras lovers would appreciate it since there's alot of fat essence to it. . . The sea scallops that I ordered was very fun to eat. They put it in a rectangular plate and I just ate it from left to right with the truffle mashed potatoes and cabernet sauce. There was some odd green on it (don't know if it was used more as a garnish) but I just moved it aside and finished everything else haha. . Last random personal side note: . I'm used to wearing dress shirts on a daily basis but there's this feeling that I get from this restaurant that the dress code is on the more formal side. It's not dress code enforced or anything and I normally don't even notice these things, but that's the overall feel that I got from Olives. I don't generally like that everyone has to be up to a certain dress code here just so they don't feel out of their element. Obviously its Vegas so most people dress to impress anyways, but that's not always the case and it shouldn't be. Again, this is not a reflection of the restaurant itself, this was my own personal observation while dining here. Enjoy the fine food!
Really really awesome flat bread. We have been there 3 times in our last two trips to Vegas.. . The entrees were also very good, but not spectacular like the flat breads.
