We stayed here for the New Years weekend.  Pretty amazing for the price.  There's a private, gated entrance and valet parking is the only option.  It's a non-gaming, non-smoking facility resulting in the property being VERY quiet.  Want to gamble and smoke?  No problem, there's a tunnel that connects to the MGM Grand.. . Technically, The Signature isn't on the strip per-se, but it's pretty damn close.  For those familiar with Vegas, The Signature is built on what used to be the theme park for the MGM Grand.  It's about a 10 minute walk from the room to the strip sober, 15 minutes buzzed, and about half an hour trashed.  If you're beyond trashed, the hotel will send a staff-member equipped with a wheelchair, and he'll push you back to your room as you yack into an exclusive 'The Signature' plastic bag.. . There's a TV in the bathroom.  There's a jacuzzi in there as well.  There's a sofa-bed along with the King bed.  Stovetop, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, and to my surprise, a blender.  . . All in all, I will be coming back to this place.
Our family stayed here during the week between Christmas and New Years. We had a one bedroom junior suite. We loved having the kitchen. We have some food allergies we are dealing with so having the flexibility to prepare some of our own food was a life saver for us. The room was quite large and had enough room for the kids to play. . . All of the staff was really wonderful during our stay. Very happy the whole hotel was non smoking.
Things I hated about the Signature:. . 1) This hotel is so far from everything!. 2) You can only valet!  Blarg!. 3) If you book through a third party, you can't call the concierge/maid service directly.  You have to call the third party directly.. . Things I liked about the Signature:. . Everything else!. . The rooms here are actually very nice and because the property is away from the Strip, it feels like you're in a nice apartment complex or something.  We got a cheap rate through a third party, so for the price, I really liked our room, especially since it had a kitchenette, which makes eating and pre-partying a lot easier.. . If I could get a cheap rate again, I'd stay at the Signature, but this time I'd book directly with MGM instead of going through a third party.
So i really enjoyed my stay here, the rooms are all i think suites. So it was nice, because we had a kitchen & everything. The hotel was sooo cleeaaan. Also, after the club you know how much you craaaavveee water. As soon as you get out the cab, the host has just stacks of water bottles waiting for you! & if they dont you can always ask them for some. & if you need water delivered to your room its freeeee! yay for free water! The only downside was that it was SOOO far from everything, & i felt like it was a mission just to get to the casino.
Stayed  here for my bachelor party, honestly it would of got 5 stars from me because everyone was friendly and really cool,the suite we got was amazing, the thing that messed things up was that we left for 5hrs left the house keeping light on...and the room was nvr cleaned..we had to call 4 times before the finally sent someone up...and all I needed were towels so we could shower n head out for the night...besides that...it was a very nice hotel...
We had our first stay here to see Eric Clapton .  When we bought our concert tickets months ago and we started looking for a room. For about $10.00 more a nite we stayed here instead of the MGM. . . At the MGM standard room, no coffee maker, you have to pay for each computer per day, since my husband and I always have our own this can add up.  . . The signature charges a $20.00/day resort fee whichincludes free wifi and all your other resort extras. Far less than the per day per computer fee charged by MGM . . The jr suite was very spacious, I think they bill it as 550 sq ft   Had every thing we needed. Toaster, blender, microwave, stove top, dishes, coffee maker. . Fridge,  bar area, sitting area, queen pull out couch, . The signature has its own separate pools and hot tubs. One for each of the 3 towers. . . My favorite was the balcony. . . Some might say it is a bit of a walk, but after eating or standing or sitting while gambling, it felt good to walk. There are even 3 people mover walkways, while traveling from the casino/restaurants to the signature.. . You can get cans/ bottles of beer down stairs at the deli but they had to open them. I took a walk 10-15 min down to the 7-11 and bought a 12 pack, and some cereal, milk and we were set!  . . We stayed in tower 2, at check in we asked for a balcony and they were able to give us one, not all of the jr suites have them.. . We had floor seats for the concert. While you looked straight on. You were all at the same level and no arm rests. These are fold out chairs.. I would look for a seat on the side in the permanent Seats for the next concert. . . I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  . . This really suited our needs, much better than a standard hotel room.  Gave us more options for drinks and snacks and more living room to move about in. . . I would bring my own Peets ground coffee though. 7-11 ground was a little rough and with all the star bucks none of them sold ground coffee!
I had a chance to stay here during the WPPI convention that is held at MGM. I was pleasantly surprised. For a little more $, you get a bigger room, stove, fridge, microwave, sofabed, better views, and valet parking! Sure, it's a bit more of a walk if you want to walk right onto the strip, but most of the time people just take a taxi or just drive to their location so it really doesn't matter.. . I love that the whole place is also non-smoking. It's awesome because I didn't feel sick when I got home from Vegas like I normally do.. . You also get access to their pools like WET REPUBLIC. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were huge and clean. Loved my time staying here and would definitely stay here again.
It's your standard upscale Vegas hotel, but much more quiet and private since it's set back from the strip.  The tunnel connecting to the MGM casino area is a bit of a haul... a necessary evil.. . The staff at the Signature couldn't have been better.  Front desk friendly and helpful, a staff member who brought us extra towels and winked over our extra guests (we were cramming five into a two-person room) AND gave us a ton of extra water bottles for the room (free).  . . The location was perfect for us, with the Hofbrauhaus a short (for Vegas) walk east of the hotel, across the street from NYNY for the roller coaster, and obviously attached to MGM for our fave casino action.
The best feature of this hotel is something it doesn't have: smoke! The room was great, fast, etc. On the continuing smoke theme, we found the MGM Grand casino to be very smoky. The Flamingo had the freshest air so we spent all of our gambling time there.. . The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the room smelled a little bit like mildew. It cleared up after about 15 minutes of running the ventilator and then I just left the fan on low. It's a little disconcerting, though. Mold?. . Some of the other reviews said it takes about 15 minutes to get the MGM but it took us less than 10 minutes and my girlfriend's legs are really short. I probably would have done it in 5. It would only take 15 minutes if you stood on the moving walkways or measured all the way to the casino floor. Tower 2 is a minute or two closer (we stayed in Tower 3). I suspect The Signature is closer to a lot of the MGM Grand than the MGM Grand is to itself.. . If you plan correctly, staying at The Signature can be a great value in addition to a luxury. First, skip the taxis and rental cars and get an unlimited monorail pass. Second, make use of the kitchenette. Food is ridiculously priced in Las Vegas. You don't have to wash dishes, either. Leave them for the maid! These two things together not only saved money but eliminated the stress of economizing on taxis and food, or rather the stress of knowing you are getting gouged even if you can afford it.
I Love Vegas. It's like my 2nd home. I think I've stayed at every hotel, well the ones that are 4 stars and above =D . . Came here last weekend with 2 of my Best Girlfriends. Valet was on it, they immediately assisted us with our bags and check in was completed in less then 10 minutes. When we entered the room it was nice, clean and room temperature was perfect. I like the way the room is setup. It'spretty spacious and having a mini kitchen is definitely a plus. When we called the bell desk to have our bags delivered, the lady said it would take 1 to 1.5 hours to get our bags since there backed up. Really, because we dropped our bags off no more then 15 minutes ago. She said there was nothing she could do. I waited a few minutes and my gf and I decided that we weren't going to wait. So as were about to open the front door the Bellman has our bags. Yay! He apologized and did say the are very backed up but made an exception. He was a sweetheart and asked if we wanted him to take pictures of us with my camera. Sure, why not? So there he was snapping away from about 10 minutes.. I thought that was pretty nice to offer. . . The rest of the stay was good. The bed was comfy and so was the couch. It's not one of those hotels you can hear everything in the next room. Wink Wink. That was a plus. . . They allowed us to check out @ 12 instead of 11. Surprisingly there were only 2 other people waiting in the check out line. So we checked out and waited for valet. This is where I deducted my star. We waited, waited and waited and finally they brought us our car 45 minutes later. . If that's the only negative thing I can say about The Signature then I think that's pretty good..
So we stayed in the Penthouse Suite on the 38th floor.  The elevator said UPH instead of PH since it was the top floor.  What does that even mean?  ULTIMATE PENTHOUSE?  I don't know what made the UPH so much better than the other rooms.  The view was great and there is a nice little balcony but if it's the ULTIMATE PH in Vegas, I was expecting some ULTIMATE perks.  Maybe an onsite bathroom attendant , a chair made of gold, etc...  . Anyway, the place was nice for it's price.  Clean, decent view, spacious, etc.  The decor seemed a little outdated compared to the Wynn or Cosmopolitan but we liked it.  I would probably stay here again as long as they had deals on the place.
Agonized over where to stay while in Vegas for ages.  Finally pulled the trigger and decided to pick the Signature.  Wife thought it looked too far from the main casinos on the strip, but I told her it would be fine.  Glad she didn't read all the reviews with people moaning about all the walking...and I didn't offer that info.  . . She ended up loving the place.  And after visiting the other places she initially wanted (Wynn, Bellagio, et al) she was very happy with our hotel.  When she realized how smokey and noisy the others were, she appreciated the tranquility of our location.. . Traveled with 2 twenty something female relatives, the wife, and myself.  I was forced to fly back to work after one night (family stayed 4), and was concerned that they might not feel safe without me...not in the least it turns out.. . The wife felt pretty well pampered, and the relatives absolutely loved the place. They said the staff was extremely polite and helpful, and from what I saw, I agree.  . . Our room was great.  Everyone loved the huge bathroom, shower, jacuzzi, and extremely clean.  Bed was very comfortable, wi-fi was convenient, small kitchen was great, I could go on and on.  Had a balcony, 28th floor...I was pretty well terrified to go near it, but it was an awesome view.  Wife never stepped outside, our young visitors loved it.. . As to the talk about the excessive walking, yeah, you could make some bad turns and have to walk a bit, but my young traveler friends said it was no big deal, and that they thought the location was great.. . So, in the end, I came out looking like a star for picking this hotel.  There were a few stains on a piece of furniture, only drawback.  I'd give this place 4.5 stars easy.  I wish I had chosen as well for their next hotel...
I loved staying here. I haven't stayed anywhere else in Vegas as this was my first time but I loved the quiet of this place. I'm not a big gambler and I loved being able to avoid the noise and chaos of the slots everytime I go downstairs. The rooms are all suites with really comfy beds, a well stocked kitchenette and a VERY nice jacuzzi. The pools are all pretty sweet as well. If one is too full just go to the next one. I love the hot tub too. Right in the middle there is a platform that's about 3 inches deep and a wall that has 6 little mini hot waterfalls. Those feel soooooooo good onyour back and head. . . The only problem I experienced was in the pool at the regular MGM Grand. My friends and I were hanging out in the lazy river and I leaned up against some caulking that never fully dried. It got all over my suit and my skin. It was hard to get off my skin and never came off my suit. It happened to two other people with me too. But when we complained to the pool manager she offered to either pay for our suits or give us a cabana the next day. We took the latter and it was amazing. We felt like we were doing Vegas right and like rockstars. Our cabana boy was friggin awesome as well. They made right on the problem we had so you will hear no complaint from me. . . Pros: attached to the MGM so you can have your quiet and your crazy all in one spot. The rooms are awesome and if you get a strip view room it's a really nice view. Since you are attached to the MGM you can use their pool area which includes a lazy river that is badass! . . Cons: not as many dinning options without walking the 80 miles to the MGM Grand and having to walk 80 miles to the MGM grand and it's lazy river.
I stayed here a couple of weeks ago, and I was very impressed with the staff service, first they let me and my wife check in at 8:30 in the morning, we had a junior suite, very nice 14th floor.  I booked this trip for a week through Priceline, suprisingly everything went smooth.  Be sure you are aware of the $20 a day resort fee before booking this.  This is mandatory.  Most hotels have some kind of resort fee in Vegas, the Signature is about the highest.  Everything was terrific from the pool, to the room service and the room.  If I had the money I would buy one of these condos.   Nice but long  indoor walk into the MGM Grand.  Loses one star because I had housekeeping open our door on us twice, even when the do not disturb button was on.  Not cool, we were taking an afternoon nap one time.  This was the only thing I didn't like about the hotel.  But you must come here, it is well worth it!
A great place to stay on the strip.  A  junior suite is perfect for two people.  The small kitchenette is stocked with glasses, mugs, plates, and bowls.  If you want to cut down on costs, buy some staples at the ABC Store in the Miracle Mile (attached to the Planet Hollywood casino) or, if you have a car, drive to a super market.  You have everything you need in the room to make breakfast and lunch if you desire.  There is nothing better than relaxing in the room's hot tub with wine you bought yourself that did not cost $10+/glass.. . The prices are reasonable for a suite.  We got a deal through Southwest airlines that was comparable to other packages at much older casinos that were not suites.  But keep in mind that the advertised cost does not include a $22/day resort fee that will be tacked on to your final bill.  That is supposed to cover things like the in-room coffee, bottled water, wi-fi internet, etc.  I don't know how that compares to other hotels on The Strip, but it seems expensive to me.. . The pool is nice.  It is smaller and doesn't have a lot of frills.  Just a rectangular pool with lounges and cocktail service.  Keep in mind that you have to pay extra for the areas with umbrellas that are right in front of the pool.  While the hotel is nice, charging for poolside lounges just gave off that "we are gouging you" vibe.  If you want a more energetic pool area you can go to the MGM Grand's pool area which offers DJ-mixed music.. . Finally, be prepared to walk if you do not have a car.  It takes 15-20 minutes to walk from the Signature towers to the front door of the MGM Grand.  Or, if you take the back route, about 15 minutes to get to the strip out in front of the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.  These resort/casinos are huge and it will just take a while to traverse their properties.  So if you plan on staying at the Signature but plan on venturing out to other resorts on the Strip, bring some good walking shoes.
Enjoy the quieter classier side of Vegas!. . Booked via Jetsetter and Luxury Suites International.  Unlike some of the previous negative reviewers, I did my research before booking and knew that they were a 3rd party service that did not have on-site housekeeping.  No big deal, if you're not trashing the place or needing things off hours.  And yes, it's "off the strip" about 2 blocks - so yes, it's a little bit of a walk to things on the strip, but really not that much farther than from a room within MGM.  I was curious how far it really was to get to MGM, so I timed it.  5 minutes from the furthest Tower 3 - at a leisurely stroll, using the moving walkways.  Com' on people!!!  (I guess there's a reason lazy America is fighting an obesity problem!)  As another reference, 30 minute walk to the Wynn -- in wedges.  . . On to the good.... a luxury hotel, indeed!  Fine clean decor.  Quiet clientele (for the most part, guess you can't escape all the rowdy bachelor parties in Vegas).  The rooms are spacious, with nice clean bathrooms (2 sinks!) and a separate shower stall and jacuzzi bath, separate toilet room  (basically the dream bathroom I would put into my house someday).  The beds are super comfy with soft linens.  There's a kitchen area if you want to save some $$ by cooking -- but we're in Vegas, there are so many fabulous places to eat!!  . . The pool is no frills, but their pool towels are nice and fluffy.  One annoyance is that they reserve the first poolside row of chairs and you have to pay to use them.  But the pool was never packed, plenty of chairs, and wasn't over packed with screaming children (or adults acting like children).  . . At $150/night, definite score!!
I was very pleased with the quality of this hotel. It was my first time staying at this hotel and I was impressed with its cleanliness. The rooms were perfectly cleaned every day.  There is no casino downstairs so the lobby is much quieter than the 99% of the other hotels on the strip.  It is also non-smoking throughout the Signature property which is also very pleasant. The nightly rate is very reasonable as well. I booked the room directly through the hotel which means that the rooms will be in good shape as opposed to booking it through an agent. My only complaint about this property is its lack of a wet bar in the rooms.  Besthotel for the money on or near the strip hands down.
We visit The Signature regularly, twice a year since the resort opened its doors.  If you like to get away from the gambling, noise, and smoke of the strip, this place is for you.  . . The rooms are spacious and beautiful however I noticed the carpet/furniture are showing its age.  Jr. suites offer a kitchenette, 1 bedrooms have a full kitchen. Jr Suite and 1 bed/1 bath are combined to make a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom suite. There's a shared door to secure both suites however because of the lack of security that keeps the door locked, we still lock both room types . I recommend the penthouse floors with a view of the airport. Penthouse really means upper floors, and nothing else. . . The Sig is connected to the MGM Grand via people movers. Some will say the walk is far however getting around any of the hotels on the strip requires walking. No complaints here. Hint: if you want to hit the strip, head out via valet and exit the resort, make left towards the strip. You are a couple blocks from Miracle Mile Shopping, City Center and Vegas strip.. . The only complaint occurred during our recent trip. Housekeeping showed up after 5 pm, earlier if we were lucky. Appears housekeeping is under staffed.  Our hotel room had a foul, foul smell in the kitchen...For 3 days, maintenance attempted to clean the drain without much success.  Front desk offered to move us however we were occupying a 2 bedroom/2 bath plus a jr suite on the same floor. It was virtually impossible to move us where we would all be on the same floor. Front desk gave us a free night for our 1 bedroom.  Nice gesture.. . If it weren't for the foul smelling kitchen and the unreliable housekeeping, the Sig would have gotten their usual 5 stars.. . The Signature will continue to be my 'go-to' place to stay while vacationing in Vegas!
Stayed here for 3 nights end of April with my husband and two girls. We chose this place because it's a non-smoking property, it's not super hip/trendy and it has no casino, yet, MGM Grand's casino, restaurants, grand pool complex and many entertainment venues are easily accessible. We stayed at a clean and comfortable Junior Suite. Would have preferred a 1 Bedroom Suite with 2 full bathrooms for 4 people (2 adults and 2 teenage girls) but we managed to make the 1 bathroom work this time. Definitely not a Four Seasons or Ritz but we were quite pleased with our stay here. And for the value, comfort and convenience, we would absolutely stay here again. . . We got a room in Tower 1 with a balcony on the 37th floor (one of the penthouse floors) without having to ask for it which is already a plus. Great view of the strip and the City Center. Huge bathroom with a whirlpool tub big enough for two, separate shower, toilet with a door and I just love that there's a small tv in the bathroom (worked out perfectly because I was able to watch the royal wedding while taking a shower). Other room amenities: 300 count linens (could be better), flat screen LCD/HD tv, kitchenette with a nice coffeemaker, blender, toaster, microwave oven, an empty mini (sub zero) refrigerator, (Villeroy and Bach) bone china, (Mikasa) silverware, etc.  . . Service is good, everyone's friendly. Private heated pools, Starbucks (but only open from 6am to 5pm), a small Deli in Tower 2 (open from 7am to 5pm), The Lounge in Tower 1 for cocktails, 24 hour room service, 24 hour concierge, 24 hour business center, 24 hour fitness center, 24 hour bell staff and valet. Reasonably priced with a $20 a day resort fee (which I believe is for use of Wi-Fi, the fitness center and the business center) and no extra charge for 2 additional guests (unlike other similar properties such as Trump Hotel or Palms Place). . . My only complaints. (1) Tower 1 was too close to Wet Republic so it gets very loud outside in the valet area and in the lobby area and (2) because of its close proximity to Wet Republic, there were quite a few (young and rowdy at times) hotel guests roaming around in their skimpy swimsuits. Improper resort attire, in my opinion. These kids need to be told to wear their cover-ups, shirts and shoes while walking to and from the pool or Wet Republic. (I'm hoping this is not always the case. Our stay was during spring break after all).
My friends and I shared a two-room suite at the Signature during a weekend trip to Vegas.  We stayed two nights, and with a little discreet crowding, the total came out to $83 per person, all told.  We had a pleasant, comfortable stay.. . Let me start by saying what the Signature is not - it is not a grandiose Vegas hotel.  It's an outpost of the MGM, and it has no casino and no flashy lights, and the pool is modest.  The place is more like a business hotel than anything else, and our suite was lovely, but thin on decor and without too much in the way of overt luxury.  This is not a complaint at all - just be warned that if you want the full glitzy experience, you might want to check elsewhere.. . Our suite was great.  The bigger room consisted of a bedroom, a living room, and one and a half bathrooms, and the smaller room combined bedroom and living, with only one bathroom.  I was lucky enough to share the bedroom in the bigger suite, and the bed was among the most comfortable I've ever slept in.  Of course, I also had the most refreshing Sprite I've ever sipped on from a vending machine outside the Cosmopolitan, so take that as you will.. . The bathrooms were very pretty and spacious.  The shower in the master bathroom had the perfect water pressure, and we took advantage of the hot bath to soak sore feet.  The suite even had a kitchenette and a fridge and a cooktop and a microwave and all the utensils and dishes we needed.  My only complaint about the space is that it was set up as two separate rooms with two separate doors, and the only way to make the suite connect was by opening both of those doors and closing a larger one that led to both rooms.  This necessarily partitioned our group more than I would have wanted.. . I guess a shorter, cuter walk to the MGM would have been nice.  There are some corridors that would make you swear you were in an airport terminal, complete with a man tending a lonely outpost of a wheelie bar.  Otherwise, no problems.  Wireless was free and very much appreciated.  We also got free valet parking.  Our stay went smoothly, and service at all junctures was notably friendly.  I would look into staying at the Signature again.
Amazing rooms, staff was just OK. Very clean, very new. We rented one of the 1-bedrooms (the largest one they had, I think it was around 950 square feet). We had three people, but judging by the size we could have easily squeezed in another three had we been just a decade younger. Since it is detached from MGM, the walk to get to anywhere of note was painful when inebriated. It's like one big, drunk, stumbling chain of people being stupid. And me moonwalking everywhere. . . If The Signature was located on the strip, it'd be a five star joint. I like moonwalking, but not for a mile at a time.
We just stayed there for 4 nights and it was almost perfect.  We LOVED IT, but as with anything, there are always some downsides.  . . The "Good". We loved the smoke-free environment.  With a family member who suffers from asthma, this was a nice haven from all the smoke in the casinos.  . . The one-bedroom suite was fabulous: from the plush king sized bed to the full kitchen, we couldn't have asked for anything more.. . Valet parking was really fast and always courteous.. . Front desk staff were polite and friendly.. . . The "Bad". When I called the front desk, at one point, I was on hold at least 10 minutes before talking to a live person. It may have been 15 minutes, but I don't know.  I started surfing the web while I waited.  :(. . We weren't able to get a late check-out - and an 11am checkout it a bit early.  We only needed maybe another hour, but they were unable to grant it, no matter when I called.  When I first called to ask (the long wait call), they said to call back that morning - and then they apologetically said no when I did.. . In-Suite dining wasn't worth the money.  It if tasted SUPER, I would be okay with it...but we didn't care for the spinach and artichoke dip.  It wasn't bad; it just wasn't great and for $12, it should taste good, right?. . The "Ugly". There really isn't anything ugly about The Signature at the MGM Grand.  I just wanted to write that here. HAHA.. . Couple last notes:. There is a $22.40 fee per day - "resort fee" - for the use of the pool,internet, water bottles, etc.  It was clear from our booking, so I didn't think it was that big of a deal.  Plus, we did like the use of the internet and the pool.... . There is no casino in the towers (The Signature), so if you want a hotel where you can take an elevator down to gamble, this place isn't it.  . . If you like to smoke, this isn't the place.  You have to sign acknowledgment that it is a smoke-free hotel, meaning you won't smoke on the hotel balconies, either.. . Final Words.... I would most definitely stay here again.  It's a bit of a walk from the strip, but that doesn't bother me.  It's Vegas.  Who doesn't expect to walk in Vegas?  The smoke-free environment is worth it to me.
Another Vegas weekend off the hook!  The Signature at MGM made the stay that much better!!!. . When planning this weekend, I had to accomodate 7 party people.   This hotel was able to give us a 2bdrm Suite (1=1bdrm suite+Junior Suite) which connected thru a common door from the hallway.  Perfect!!! It had plenty of room for all.  Full Kitchen, I mean FULL, stove, mircrowave, dishwasher and normal size refrigerator.  This allowed us to grocery shop and by booze :)  On top of that we had 3 bathrooms which really helped during that getting ready rush!. . Our main reason for staying here was to attend Wet Republic.  The only down side was you don't get in free for being a guest.  Fortunately we found a Vegas hook up.. . I'm completely satisfied and so were all my guest.  We all felt comfortable and enjoyed out stay.  Everyone agreed we would stay again over and over again, so much that we booked an additional night cause we didn't want to leave.
The junior signature suite we stayed in was amazing, and if it wasn't such a long walk I'd definitely stay there next time.  It's really inconvenient to walk like 20 minutes back to your room just from the MGM Grand casino itself.  The rooms were awesome though, so if that's not an issue to you then I'd highly recommend it.
Highly recommended for a business stay or vacation away from the madness.  Stayed in June at a Junior Suite.  The Signature is awesome.  Kitchenette is great.  Bathrooms are epic.  Jacuzzi tub was outstanding.. . Used Luxury Suites to reserve and didn't have any problems at all.  Housekeeping was fine, service was great.  I extended my stay with a late checkout (to 6pm) on the final day.  There was some miscommunication - the security gate wasn't alerted to my extended stay - but it wasn't a big deal.. . Stayed in Tower 1, which was a good choice.  I was there on Tue/Wed nights so the noise from Wet Republic wasn't a problem as it was closed.. . As far as proximity to the strip it was just fine.  You can walk through the MGM, which yes is a bit ofa hike.  But there is also a shortcut through the back from Tower 1.  If you exit Tower 1 out the front you can walk down to the right and exit through the employee vehicle entrance/exit.  From there you go left down Audrie and walk a couple blocks down and then make a right on Rue De Monte Carlo.  Then just walk down and it takes you right out to the strip by the Hard Rock Cafe.  Maybe a 10 minute walk.
"Vegas, baby, Vegas!". . "And she's just like this little bunny, who's just kinda cowering in the corner. You know, you got these claws and you're staring at these claws and your thinking to yourself, and with these claws you're thinking, "How am I supposed to kill this bunny, how am I supposed to kill this bunny?" . . Damn lions love bunnies! MGM is a fun place to stay on the strip. It's affordable and the pool is loads of fun. No need to pay for Wet Republic. Just hang out by the lazy river for free and you'll have more fun. Guaranteed. Besides, there are lots more interesting people to ogle at instead of watching all the drunken Spring Breakers trying to make an impression at Wet Republic.
Stayed here last weekend and have to say it was perfect for our group. The walk to the main MGM pool is all in doors and rather quick, room service prompt, maid service above and beyond even folding clothing. All equipped with refrigerators and microwaves.  Most likely wouldn't stay there again because I prefer Encore, mandarin oriental, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio or Wynn BUT it was perfect for our group of 6 girls in the 2bd suite.
If you're willing to sacrifice the convenience of staying right on the strip in exchange for larger apartment-like accomodations, you will find this place to be a good value (check VRBO for the best deals!). A few notes. *Best perk was having our owndedicated cab/valet. The main MGM one is a cluster-F and a nightmare so this is a huge perk.. *Gated security was a huge pain and awful to deal with. Adding another car mid-stay created lots of headaches. Staff was terrible. Overall I feel really damn safe in my Vegas hotel rooms, I don't need a stupid guard gated entrance with jerk security to protect me. . *Yup it's a 10 minute walk to the MGM. The thing is, the MGM is already huge and a big PIA to get around, so I didn't find these rooms any more inconvenient than the regular MGM rooms. If anything, these seemed a bit closer to the food court/pool than the regular ones. . *Great Starbucks downstairs. Line was never that long, and prices weren't bad. . *Try to stay in Tower 1 if you can - it's the closest tower to the main MGM building and shortens your walk quite a bit. . *Sofa beds were pretty awful - standard sofa bed comfort. Something to keep in mind. If you do a 2 bdr that "sleeps 8", 4 of you will be on sofa beds. Probably no big deal if it's kids, but sucks for adults.
The good:. - Luxurious, spacious accommodations, tastefully decorated. I went 2 weekends in a row with groups of 8 and 11; we brought a few air mattresses to our 1-bedroom suite and had enough space for everyone. 2 bathrooms, too!. - Each unit has a full kitchenette. Ice maker, too! . - Small, but nice, jacuzzi in the 1-bedroom suite. - Balconies with fantastic views. - I didn't think it was any less convenient to get to the strip than other hotels (Ever stayed at the Palazzo?) because you don't have to walk through a million hallways or a casino. You just walk through the connecting hallway to MGM, or out on the street, right next to Planet Hollywood. Hooters for 25 cent wings is across the street, and a 24-hour McDonalds is nearby in MGM.. - Convenience store in Tower 1. Vending machines with toiletries, too.. - Short hallways; the ice maker or elevator is always a few steps away.. - When the bell desk and valet parking IS open, the service is wonderful. Extremely helpful bell staff who won't let you touch any of your things and will get it to your room right away. . . The bad:. - Bell desk takes forever to answer phones, at any time of day.. - Lobbies in 2 out of 3 towers close after midnight, so you have to go to another tower to check in. Also, if you want to go out late at night, cabs can't get through the gate and rarely stop by this sleepy hotel, so you have to either go to the open tower or call from your cell phone to get a cab.. - High security, and they'll give you a hard time for more than one car coming in.. - If you book through a deal site, you have to call that company (and aren't told this until check in), because MGM's housekeeping won't do anything for you. No extra towels, room cleaning, anything. Unless you wait for the cart to come around and steal towels. That's also more fun. . - Valet parking only, and parking runs out QUICK in their small lot. Everyone else has to park in MGM and walk over.. - The site we booked with advertised washer/dryer in unit. The first weekend, we had one, the second, it was locked up. We were told that "some owners chose not to let them be used" and we weren't even allowed to do laundry downstairs, unless we were there for 7 days. . . 3.5 stars, rounded up. Overall, I really enjoyed our stay despite the minor inconveniences, and would stay again.
This was a great place to stay for our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids). A perfect condo type hotel located just 1 block from the strip. It was nice to stay at somewhere quiet and smoke-free, yet just a short walk to all the hustle and bustle. It was nice having a choice of the laid back Signature pools or going to the MGM pools and lazy river. . . If we wanted to eat out, there were plenty of choices in the MGM. We loved Diegos. We ate there 2 times and had their Sangria 4 days in a row!. . We stayed 2 nights in a junior suite without a balcony. It was nice and we had a great view of the strip. The bathroom was very large with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower.  While we did want to have a kitchen, we didn't like how it was situated right in the center of the room. There wasn't storage space for all of our non refrigerated items, so they had to be kept out on the counter, which cluttered the room. Not a huge deal though.. . We did end up upgrading to a 1 bedroom suite for the last 2 nights. What a difference! We loved our room. We had a balcony overlooking the MGM pools and Wet Republic. There was 1 bathroom with a shower and a huge bathroom in the bedroom.  This room had a "full" kitchen with a regular size sub-zero fridge and oven... It was a huge help being able to go to the grocery store and stock up on food for all of us. It saved us money and time. When the kids were too tired to go out to eat, all we had to do was cook something easy for them in the room. We were able to eat healthier also.. . There is an Albertsons just up Tropicana over the 15 freeway. You will see it on your left hand side. It might be 10 minutes or so away. There is also an In-n-Out up Tropicana also just as you pass over the 15. It's on the right hand side. . . Much more space to store things, as well as tons of space in the suite to store bags, clothing, etc... . One night we had 5 adults and 8 kids over and we had plenty of room. . . There is even a washer/dryer in the unit.. The kids loved the t.v. that slides up from inside the desk in the master bedroom. . . We will definitely stay here whenever we come into town with our kids.
A getaway spot in Vegas, who knew?. . I came to spend a few days in Vegas, but was looking for a place to chill as well as have fun.  The Signature had it all.  Located just outside of the MGM Grand casino property it was the best of both worlds.  The room was amazing and had everything you could ask for. I found myself lounging most of the morning (after hitting Starbucks in Tower 1 where I stayed) and the going out in the late afternoon and evenings.  . . This place is just my style and I will definitely be back.  The staff and service was excellent.  I locked myself out of my room one day and security came in under 15 minutes.  Kudos to the Signature...I love you just the way you are!
Pretty nice hotel....A bit far from the strip...but it was FAST for taxi rides...didnt need to get stuck in traffic.... . The rooms are AMAZING!!! the junior suite fit all 7 of us...with 3 on the bed, 3 on the pull out bed and 2 on an air mattress.
Stay here, you'll be glad you did! Seperate hotel entrance from MGM (off of Harmon) very nice staff, extremely clean room, kitchen, huge bathrooms, get to use Signature pools and MGM pools, non gaming , non smoking,  balconys, large jacuzzi tub - this place rocks.
One of my more favorite places to stay in Vegas cause you seem to get a lot of bang for your buck. Stayed in a one bedroom suite with a balcony for Sunday-Wednesday at an average of like $140 a night which was awesome. The room was super big, however I think the main bedroom and bathroom were a little too big which left the living room portion and rest of the suite feeling a little cramped. Nice bonus that the sofa was a queen size pull out, however, with that they will not bring another bed up if you request because they feel like that is perfect for 4 people. It was really nice also that they let us check in saturday night (we were Supposed to check in sunday for sunday Night, so they pretty much comp'd us saturday night which was  sweet bonus).  The kitchen was really nice and a complete kitchen with a large fridge, freezer, dish washer, oven with stove top, and full tableware. . It is also really nice to have your own check in there and not have to check in through the regular part of the MGM because those lines get pretty damn long, but you still get to use everything of the regular MGM such as their pools, clubs, everything which is really nice. You get a special way to get to the pool which is just as long as going through the whole signature and MGM to the pool. Kinda stupid but oh well, it does help a lot getting into wet republic though as you only have to walk like 300 feet. . Only downsides that kept me from giving it 5 stars were:. In our 4 nights there, the maids only came once which was a pain as far as getting new towels but it worked out. Like said earlier, the walk to the main MGM pool area is a long pain in the rear and I felt like to walk anywhere in the MGM was stupidly long, but at least I got a workout I guess. It is also a pain getting taxis sometimes as they don't normally line up at the signature like they do at other hotels. . Overall though, I would stay there again
Best place to stay if you want MGM. This tower has no gaming, and is smoke free! It's not exactly the Ritz but it has a different crowd and is close enough to the MGM action but allows for a peaceful sleep and R n R.
it's a huge hotel in conjunction with MGM Grand but a lot quieter than MGM Grand so that you can really sleep well which is very important for tourist.
Awesome spot to stay while in Vegas. Rooms are spacious with great amenities including a fridge stocked with bottled water. The tower pools are quiet and not as crazy as the big resort pools. . . The front desk could have been more efficient, but otherwise I would definitely stay again
We enjoyed our stay at the Signature.  I didn't feel like the walk was a big deal at all.  My wife and I travel to Vegas twice a year for a trade show so we try and stay in non gaming hotels whenever possible.  It's great to get dropped off by your taxi a few steps from the elevator and not having to snake through slot machines for your morning coffee.  . The room was spacious and the balcony was great.  The bed was really comfortable and everything was clean and nice.  . The pools are okay.  They weren't ridiculous Vegas pools.  There were probably a few more kids than usual but there was also no dj or hordes of douche bags so I would say that was a wash.  I also liked having two smaller pools over one large pool.  . We try and stay at a different hotel every time but as one of the shows is in February and we are from Ohio, the balcony may help us to break that trend.
This was a great stay, great price for a great room.  We checked in at the airport kiosk, which was very fast.  We were able to book the shuttle rides to and from the airport at the kiosk as well as get a high floor suite with a balcony.  We stayed in Tower 3, which is the furthest from the MGM Grand and the strip, but I had no complaints about it.  Even though it was a walk to and from our room each day, I didn't mind it.  For those that complain about it, there are moving walkways they can use if they don't want to actually walk.  It is a longer walk if you walk from the towers to the MGM Grand but it is safer at night.  During the day, it is much faster if you walk out of the tower onto East Harmon Avenue, it takes you to the block with Planet Hollywood, it saves a lot of walking and time, but I would not suggest it at night.  . . Our room was a great size, the bathroom was HUGE.  I loved the double sinks and all the space to move around when getting dressed.  The beds are very comfortable, the minute I laid down I was out like a baby.  It was great having the kitchenette, we were able to buy inexpensive snacks and water from CVS and store them in the fridge along with our leftovers.  It was great having a balcony, it just sucked that it was so cold at night that we couldn't really enjoy the view of the strip or have breakfast on the balcony in the morning.. . The only thing I really didn't like was that there is no one at the front desk in Tower 3 after 11PM, if you need help with anything you need to go to the other towers.  . . My husband loved our stay here and he wants this to be our usual hotel in Vegas.  It is a nice quiet hotel.
Pros:. Very beautiful property.. Tower 3 is the best location as it is closest to the MGM and the MGM pool.. Complete Mini Kitchen, awesome bathroom with a jacuzi tub, and comfortable bed.. Helpful and friendly staff.. . Cons:. House keeping was a bit of an annoyance as they kept nocking on our door on one of the days even though we had the do not disturb button pressed.. The room service food wasnt that great for the price.
Most of the time when I go to Vegas I stay here. Why you might ask? I'm completely in love with the rooms and the impeccable service. You still have access to the main hotel and MGM Casino. If a huge group is going we'll get a one bedroom suite with a connecting junior suite. Full kitchen in the one bedroom and two bathrooms is super convenient. . . We had a bad experience with the cabbie that picked us up from the airport and the bell man brought us a 36-pack of beer. You rock guys!. . Worth every penny!
I love this place. Yeah it's pretty far south of the strip, but hey its close to the airport! . . I love how its separated from the MGM Grand. You have its quietness, and it seems more classy/upscale. The big negative is the long corridor walk that connects the Signature to the MGM Grand. After a late night of partying, you feel like you are doing the walk of shame. They do provide the moving runways but it doesn't help much.. . The suites are clean, and spacious. I really like this place....of course it helps that I'm not paying an arm and a leg when i stay here since I have a friend whose parents have a timeshare of a 2-room suite.
Oh no! Yelp just informed me I didn't write a review for The Signature yet!. . We love the Signature. We've stayed there twice in the last few years and would stay there again in a heartbeat.. . Pros:. Beautiful rooms with comfy beds and wonderful soaking tubs. There's even a mini-kitchen complete with cooking utensils and real glasses.. . The atmosphere is unbeatable; quiet & relaxed with a friendly and very helpful staff. . . It's a non-gambling, non-smoking facility, but it's connected to the MGM by an indoor tunnel/walkway. It's about a 10 minute walk, but you get access to the fun/trendy MGM pools as well as the swankier Signature pools.. . Valet parking/private entrances. You don't get into the Signature unless you're a guest or event attendee. There's gates at the entrances and a key-card entrance to the tunnel/walkway.. . Cons:. It's a little pricey, but a much better deal than other nice hotels on the strip, including the Wynn which is similarly appointed but about $100-$150 more per night.. . It IS a 10 minute walk to the casino. Which is OK during the day, but a little hazardous at 2am when you're totally smashed and just want to go to bed (or at noon when you're totally smashed on your way back from the pool (sangria served poolside) and you fall and skin your knee).. . Not much in the way of food here, a nice pizza/sandwich place by the pool and a snack bar, but most everything else is out in MGM.
Overall, our family had a very pleasant stay. Our 1 bedroom suite was spotless and full of luxury amenities. The kids loved the tv that magically appeared out of the bedroom desktop! My husband and I enjoyed the quiet room and view of the strip.. . Now to the downsides. From Tower 3, it was only a 5-6 minute walk to the fun hotel river pool, but a nearly 20 minute walk through the hotel to the strip! We had to rent a stroller ($10/day) to push the kids when they tired out. . . To save ourselves the walk, we tried the tower 3 pool one afternoon. While the pool itself was fine, the only shade around it came at a premium--$50 for a lounge chair positioned under an umbrella! Now we understood why everyone was sitting in the sun, even on a 110 degree day. Needless to say, we didn't stay very long. A complaint to the front desk manager yielded a "I didnt know that was our policy but will look into it" response.. . The second downside was that the wifi didn't work in the room, even after a technician rebooted the router. I received a rebate of one days "resort fee" ($20) for this inconvenience, moderately acceptable.. . The final downside was incredible slow bellman service at checkout. After waiting nearly 40 minutes, we brought our luggage down ourselves. On the plus side , the valet service was great- friendly and efficient.. . So overall, good value, but watch out for the nickel and diming that is inherent to Vegas
This is going to be long, so bear with me.. . I've stayed here twice ...once in Nov 2008 and again in spring 2009.  Both times we arrived before the check in time and were checked in without a problem.  I booked a 2 bedroom suite for my boyfriend and two of our friends on our Nov 08.  The 2 bedroom suite was amazing! It's a 1 bedroom suite & deluxe suite next to each other.  Both require key entry, but the double doors in the foyer (with a door bell) close, allowing you to keep both of your doors open.  We went grocery shopping before we checked in. . . Housekeeping was quick and pleasant.  We needed door stops and had them within 15 minutes of our call.  Room service was quick as well, with our order in our room in about 30 minutes.. . The 1 bedroom features a full kitchen, which saved us so much money on food and drinks!  We usually spent a couple hours after each night out unwinding with some snacks and a drink before heading to bed.  If you stay in a deluxe suite, avoid getting too many frozen items since you only get a mini fridge.  In fact, try to keep all frozen/refrigerated items to a minimum.  The wifi worked wonderfully both times we stayed.  I actually lost my phone in the casino the second time we stayed, so having the wifi came in handy in going online to notify my service provider.. . The bedrooms are so nice.  The tv comes up out of the desk which is pretty cool, although we never actually watched the tv.  I did take advantage of the tv in the bathroom while I got ready.  The beds were super comfy, and everyone got a kick out of the plush white robes in the closets.  I went to sleep early one night while everyone stayed up in the front room, and I could hardly hear them.  In fact, we never heard anyone in any of the rooms around us either, even when we were in the hallways.  The only reason I knew people were on the same floor as us were their dirty dishes from room service in the hall.. . The bathrooms are great! From the tvs, to the double sinks, to the soaking dub, separate shower, and enclose toilet.  It was all so nice.  Getting ready was never an issue, my boyfriend and I were out of each others way even when my girl friend came over and was getting ready in there with us.  The bathroom in the deluxe suite is just as nice.  A bit smaller, but much larger than your standard hotel bathroom.  It was still enough room for 2 people to get ready without bumping into each other.. . The second time we stayed, we only stayed in a deluxe suite in early 2009.   I actually gave the wrong card and it got declined at check in, and the clerk discreetly wrote down the remaining balance due and quietly explained my card didn't work.  She stayed just as friendly and her demeanor never changed.  I've done this at other hotels *cough*Luxor*cough* and was given a bit of attitude and the decline was made obvious to others checking in around us.. . If you're a smoker, be prepared to walk a ways to be able to smoke.  That being said, we would make our smoking trips few and far between, or wait until we got to the casino.  We would go to the front of the tower across the driveway where they had ashtrays.  Of course it feels like a long walk when you've been drinking, but I TOTALLY understand why they keep the smokers far from the entrance.  If I'm a nonsmoker and show up at a nonsmoking hotel, the last thing I want to smell is cigarette smoke.. . My husband (was the boyfriend who went with me on both trips) and I are going tomorrow for our honeymoon.  We're staying 4 nights in a deluxe suite.  I'm interested in seeing what our stay is like this time around since it's been a while since we've stayed there, and I've read a few reviews stating the quality has dipped.  I'm going to let them know we're staying for our honeymoon and request a balcony, and see if they give us one, since I didn't want to spend the extra $20 to guarantee a balcony.  We used the stay 3 nights get the 4th night free offer, so I'm curious to see how that works out too.
I've only ever been to Vegas twice considering I've only recently turned 21. That being said, My first stay was at MGM Grand in the main casino.. So when booking The Signatures, I wasn't sure about the walking distance, quality, convenience, etc. . . Price - There were 5 people staying in our room for 2 nights, so it turned out to be 60 dollars a person. Not a bad deal for the suite that you get and the nice view we got(Strip View). . Location - The Signatures was not hard to find at all. It's literally on the other side of the same block the MGM is on. It's very easy to find because you just enter from the MGM grand and there are signs that lead you to The Signatures. . Once you get their, there's a security guard that will ask for the name under your reservation. He'll give you a parking pass, and then tell you what tower your in. Once again, there are signs to direct you to which towers. Super simple. My group stayed in Tower 3 which was the closet to the entrance ( But slightly further away from the casino). Checking in was a breeze, and the guy who helped us was extremely nice. . . Distance from casino floor - I was afraid that it'd be super far.. since I read some reviews here saying it was a mile away or a 15 minute walk... But it only took us 5 minutes to walk to the actual casino(and i was in heels as well as we stayed at furthest tower) They have those escalator things(like at the airport) through the hall that make the walk faster, as well as all the towers are connected to each other. So never did we ever have to actually step outside of our hotel to reach the Casino Floor. amazing!. . Needless to say, I was very very satisfied, and I plan on coming back here. It was great for the price, room service was quick ( never more than 10 minutes) great view, and were right off the strip.
Our stay at Signature was great! We showed up around 1:30, and got checked in without a problem.  Got our deluxe suite with a balcony facing the strip! I did mention to the front desk that it was our honeymoon, and word got out...the guy who brought up our luggage congratulated us, as did the guy who brought up our lunch!  Our room was clean, wifi worked just fine, and we didn't run into ANY problems.  Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's looking to get alot for their money.
I recent stayed at the Signature for a bachelorette party. We had 2 deluxe suite rooms right next to eachother some 20+ floors up. We got this amazing deal on gilt jetsetter and paid like $150 a night for 2 nights on a fri / sat including taxes. I didn't spend a ton of time in the room but I was sober when i arrived so i do remember it. I actually really liked it and will likely stay there next time. We also got free wet republic tickets as part of our package so that helped too. . Plus-. -Layout of the room is spacious and they set up furniture well to maximize the 550 sq ft. -King bed with nice linens, we fit three comfortably (women). -Pull out couch. less comfy but not as bad as you'd imagine, two can fit. -Whirlpool spa tub is pretty big, i would know bc i slept in it (not on purpose obviously). I didn't wake up the next day with any pain so if you also are too drunk to make it to the bed, not to worry the Jacuzzi awaits. -View was nice, we could see a good portion of the strip. -Kitchen has a coffee maker, blender (Helpful!), fridge, utensils and kitchenette, plenty of glasses (also necessary). Basically everything to make drinks and save yourself with coffee and toast the next morning. -The bathroom has two sinks and the toilet in a separate door so for the women who all pile into the bathroom there is another mirror by the door so 4 of you can get ready at once (enough outlets as well). -Pretty quiet overall compared to the rest of the strip which was nice. -Everything was very clean and looked new which is surprising given the amount of partying that goes on. . The only thing i really didn't like about this place is that it is a bit of a hike to the main MGM hotel or to the strip. We got cabs pretty quickly bc they do come around but a relatively hefty fare to get to the other side of the strip for 10 people. Also cafe in the lobby not that great.
We stayed at The Signature for the first part of our September Vegas trip and I don't think we could have chosen a better place for relaxing. From check-in until check-out the service was wonderful.. . There was only one real drawback to this hotel; the lack on patio furniture. It is really a shame that they have such a wonderful feature, and yet, no seating! . . There was quick and easy access to the casino. I was fearful at first, some reviews made it sound like it would take 15 minutes! The reality was about 5 minutes, in heels no less!
Now, I've stayed at the Bellagio and the Wynn, not to brag, but the Signature is quite luxurious.... . I stayed for a HR Technology conference recently and was very pleased.  I had high expectations and I wasn't disappointed.  The valet was excellent, great service.  I was concerned that I would have to wait forever for my car, but since I stayed in Tower 3, it wasn't as busy as Tower 2.  They were very courteous.  And there's no self-parking.. . During check-in, the front desk was also polite and sent my bags (yes, I had chackies and shopping...) very quickly.. . My room, on one of the penthouse floors was beautiful.  A junior studio suite, I had everything I needed, a kitchenette (well, I don't cook), but a fridge/freezer, big worktable, sofa and coffee table, large king size bed, stand-in shower, soaking jacuzzi tub (which I used, loved it) and a TV in the bathroom too.  Who knew that fun in watching TV while brushing your teeth or enjoying the jacuzzi.. . I loved the fitness center.  Outfitted with treadmills, bikes, these complex elliptical cycles (didn't like them), nautilus weights, free weights, headphones, iced towels and green apples (yum), it was a dream for workout junkies like me.  I used the fitness center daily, 24 hour access with your card key.. . Food is expensive in the Signature, be warned.  You're better off eating outside of Las Vegas hotels.  To connect to MGM, you walk through a series of interconnected corridors.  You never have to walk outside, especially if it's very hot or raining.. . There is a pool, but I didn't have enough time to check it out.. . Checkin is a strict 3pm and a strict 11am checkout.. . There's a mandatory $20 resort fee which covers the "free" wireless internet, access to fitness center and free daily bottled water.  Sneaky, but unavoidable.. . If another business trip brings me to Las Vegas, this is the first place I will consider for accommodations.  The perfect experience for someone who wants to enjoy Vegas, but off the strip.  It's quieter, no casinos and NO smoking on the premises!
If you've stayed at the MGM, you know that they also have the Signature hotel which has luxury style rooms and a more relaxed ambiance.  The Signature has three separate towers.  The rooms are quite nice and have junior suites or full suites.  The usual amenities are included as are a few extras.  For those that enjoy being away from the action and a more relaxed atmosphere, this place is great.  If you prefer the noise and crazyness of Vegas however, you may want to look elsewhere for a place to stay.
I actually really enjoyed staying in this hotel! Most of the time, I hate hotels (luxurious or not), usually because I just can't stop thinking about all the dirtiness that takes place on the beds. Surprisingly, I didn't feel that way when I walked into this hotel, even though I'm sure that bed was probably the dirtiest of the dirty beds I've ever stayed in. . . The bed was cozy. The bathroom was big enough for FIVE girls to get ready in. The bathtub was even pretty fun, which I tried out one drunken evening. Overall, it was quite relaxing!. . The most fun I had in Vegas was at the MGM pool(s). They were awesome! **note: this does not include wet republic** All the waitresses were friendly, perhaps because I tend to tip well after drinking. Regardless, I enjoyed their prompt service. . . My only complaint is the distance the casino is from the hotel. I understand this is completely separate, but it was SO out of the way. To get to the pool was such a trek, and to get to the casino, get food, etc was just a hassle. Standing on those damn escalator things for 20 minutes trying to get to your room after a long night just sucked. . . I would still definitely stay here again. it's decently priced too. Just stay here! :)
I enjoyed my stay here and the service was great. The only drawback is the long walks through the MGM or off the strip to get to Tower 3. Aside from that I recommend trying this place out.
This hotel's decor is modern and chic. The room was spacious and comfortable with a king bed, kitchenette, pull-out couch.  It also had a balcony with an amazing view of the strip, city center, etc. The bathroom was huge with a separate shower and whirlpool tub, double sink and a separate toilet. . . It is more secluded and quiet compared to the other hotels on the strip. This was also a drawback, as it took about 15 to 20 minutes just to walk all the way to the casino floor of MGM Grand from the Signature towers. . . I wouldn't mind staying here again though. It was a good value.
Just spent the weekend at the MGM Grand Signature and was pretty impressed. When I booked the room I wasn't aware I booked via "Luxury Suites International" instead of the signature itself. I normally wouldn't care as long as the room was nice, but we encountered some "snags." . . 1. At McCarron airport the Signature has a hotel check-in counter near baggage claim. I thought, "great, let's take care of this at the airport and we can head directly to our room." While my man friend waited for my luggage, I proceeded to the counter. The individual working the front desk was not very friendly and told me I couldn't check into my room because it was dirty. Dirty?!?! Our flight arrived at 6PM and check-in is 3PM. The room should be ready. Whatever, left the counter pretty perturbed, but just wanted to get to the hotel.. . 2. When we arrived at the hotel for check-in, we were greeted by a tasteful lobby and fortunately didn't have to wait too long. I gave my name and info and the staff tells me my reservation was cancelled by Luxury Suites. Huh? The room was paid for in advance. The staff, a nice gentleman, called Luxury Suites and promptly corrected the problem. Apparently someone checked in earlier in the day (before me) and they gave them my room without having another junior suite available. No worries, they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite (w/ balcony) facing the strip. Nice.. . Sorry if it sounds like complaining too much and you might be curious as to why I still gave the Signature 4 stars, well here are the reasons:. . 1. Entire facility is non-smoking. Big plus. Even in the fancy casinos, you can't escape the smell of smoke. . . 2. Room was beautiful. Clean and well decorated. It was also great having a full kitchen in the room. Saved a little moola by buying breakfast items and making breakfast a few times during our stay.. . 3. Proximity to the Strip, BUT walking can be a pain. The Signature has a walkway to the MGM Grand, but if you want to access the Strip it takes an eternity to walk back. If you stay here, I definitely recommend a car (we rented) or taking taxis to and from.. . 4. Pool is very nice, but another complaint (sorry). The weather was beautiful on Monday (10/31), but since it was considered "off-peak" the pool closed at 4PM. I think that was a little absurd. The pool should have some reasonable hours until the weather cools down.. . 5. The hotel consists of 3 separate towers. The hallways are not miles long. Once you get off the elevator, your room is close by. I've been to come casinos where you walk for days looking for your room.. . 6. Valet is included in your (required) resort fee. . . 7. Mostly adults stay here. I'm not a child hater,  but it's nice not hearing screaming children in the lobby or by the pool.. . Overall, a very nice stay. Would definitely stay here again, but question if I would book through Luxury Suites Int'l.
I'm probably part of the group of outliers who prefer to stay in a hotel sans clubs, casinos, pool parties and restaurants.  Which is probably why there aren't that many alternatives on the Strip for our type.  . . One can argue that to experience Vegas you do need to be surrounded by the cacophony of the casino floor: slot machines, excited gamblers at the crap tables, and faux and gaudy decoration; it's always easier to get the hookups to get to the right clubs if you stay in the same hotel as the concierge can help you out (especially if you're a woman); being in the same hotel as the Zagat-rated restaurant that you have a reservation at has its perks and benefits; and, most importantly for me, it's nice to not have to walk so far to get to the shops.. . I get it. . . But maybe I've been to Vegas too many times (hence a sensory overload) or I've just grown old and cranky - I'm actually welcoming the peace and quiet afforded by places such as Thehotel (Mandalay Bay) and the Signature Suites.  It's like we have the ability to opt out of the crazies or to join in - and that's just awesome. . . Our room was spacious, the amenities were new and modern and the king-sized bed was oh so comfortable.  . . And the two things that made us love the Signature even more: (1) the longest that we ever had to wait for a cab was 2 mins - I guess the plus of staying in a hotel which offers no restaurants / casinos / clubs is the fact that you don't have to compete with non-guests for a cab; (2) for the most part the driver of the cab that we took avoided the strip and took the back road to go to the other casinos - priceless during a weekend as busy as the halloween just past!
Once you get a good idea of the layout, this hotel is nice. The different towers and couple of walkways and hallways through a couple of doors and boom you still have a journey through the MGM. Have staying at the MGM before you already know your in for a good walk so what's the big deal for a little more walking. I like that's it's a non-smoking hotel and they do have designated smoking areas for us "social" smokers. I think this hotel is about as good as it can get and stacks up there with the other places in its class. Extra points for the separate lobbies to check-in. Avoiding the MGM lobby during a fight weekend is the best.
For a strip on the Vegas, this hotel is boring, but I'm rating it as a hotel, so it gets 4 stars. It's very clean and has a nice view, but that's about it. I didn't pay for it, so I don't know how much it costed, so you can rate that on your own time. It gets the job done, but I'd rather be in a more exciting hotel.
I really enjoyed when I stayed here for a Friday/Saturday night in a Jr. Suite with my sister and her friend.  Something about driving up to a gated place and giving them your name to get in felt super legit.  Parking is valet and free, just give tip.  Check-in was quick and the front desk person was nice.  The room is beautiful, a good size and clean.  The bathroom is pretty big and the tub with the jets is amazing.  One negative thing was there may have been something wrong with our thermostat because it was so warm in the room sometimes.  Since I booked through Luxury Suites International, I had to go to them for maintenance issues and not The Signature itself.. . Since I went the weekend before Thanksgiving it was pretty quiet and less than $300 for the stay (good deal in comparison to other hotels with the same amenities).  I can't wait to come here again when it's warmer so I can check out the huge pool area.
I think it was one of the most comfy-est hotel I've ever been to. It sort of resembled a small apartment. I ended up sleeping on the couch bed since there wasnt enough space in the bedroom...it was quite uncomfortable sleeping at night but other than the bed everything was pretty awesome. The one thing I really enjoyed about this hotel was the clean silky water, the warm heated floors, and the awesome view of the night light pool and city.
I came here with my husband and 2 year old daughter. It's a non-smoking, family friendly hotel, which is one of the main reasons I selected it. Okay, so here are my thoughts: The kitchenette appliances in the suites/rooms are very good. The floor to ceiling windows are nice as well. I loved the jacuzzi tub - very therapeutic for me. The in-suite dining service is wonderful! The food is reasonably priced, the quality of the ingredients used is great (note -I have a sensitive stomach so I have to be very selective about the food I eat)., and the presentation is great (food arrives complete with a full table, table cloth, and a mini vase with fresh flowers). Not sure if this is standard at other hotels, but  I'd go there again just for the service I received in that regard. On the flip side, I have to take one star away due to the mandatory valet service at the hotel. You can't just go and park your car on the grounds of the hotel. As soon as you drive up to the front of the hotel, a valet attendant expects you to turn your keys over. . I did notice several guests utilizing the valet service had to wait at least 10 minutes for their vehicle. We had to park at the MGM grand, which is a good 10 minute walk from the Signature. This was so inconvenient for us. At the same time,  there's an indoor walkway that takes you from the Signature to the MGM grand - from Tower 1. Overall, I was pretty pleased with my experience - especially the in-suite dining!
Came here on my birthday weekend!!! Who else was one of the lucky ones to have celebrated their 21st in Vegas?! ;) Oh, and where you stay in Vegas matters! If you're going to be cheap when it comes to booking a hotel in Vegas, then you're better off partying in San Gabriel. I don't know why I said that, probably because most of my yelp friends are from the SGV area?. . We booked the deluxe one- bedroom suite and got the third floor, which could have been better, but service and the room itself was outstandingly exceptional! Our suite had two baths (a full and a 1/2). FYI, a full bathroom includes everything plus a bathtub :) and a half bath is one that has the shower but not the bath tub. It also had a kitchen with its own sink and modern stove :) Of course, there was the spacious living room which leads to the balcony with the extensive city view, beautiful at night. Our bedroom was very comfortable and convenient; it even had a safe box to store the valuables. The bed was huge with a night stand on the right and the left side. Anyways, my point is, this suite and the service did not do us wrong!. . Expect a LONG LONG LONG walk though. It takes 15 minutes just to walk from the lobby to MGM Grand. There's valet parking, but it's not convenient and we didn't enjoy waiting every single time we needed the car.
Only stay here if you have been to Vegas a zillion times.. Don't stay here if you love the bustle of a smokey casino an elevator ride away.. Only stay here if you are a nonsmoker, as all 3 towers are smoke free including the bar.. Don't stay here if you plan on loudly partying in your room.. Only stay here if you love having 2 full bathrooms, a full kitchen with a full size fridge complete with ice maker. Woohoo for an in room ice maker.. Don't stay here if you hate using valets. It is the only option. But they are the nicest and most accommodating ever.. . I had family in for a convention and had never heard of The Signature before, but will definitely keep them in mind for future visits. Largest balconies I have ever seen in Vegas was a great plus too. . . But man oh man is it a looong walk to the MGM. But later in the evening after many drinks I thought I was seeing a mirage at the halfway point. Nope not a mirage, a frikken life saving porta-service bar for that needed nightcap. Whoever thought of that gets my MVP award of the weekend.  Yep, over Eli even.
Every staff had a smile on their faces, we were greeted by all the staffs. We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and it was excellent, the only thing we didn't like was the lock on our door. It didn't lock in place and we had trouble opening the door every time we came back to our room.
I stayed in the one bedroom suit in tower two on the 22nd floor.  We arrived rather early in the morning since we drove to beat traffic so when we arrived around 9 am there was no room available for us.  So the held onto our luggage for us while we waited.  We waited till about 1pm which I was really bummed about because I am the type of person who would rather settle in before seeing the sites than the other way around but we didn't want to waste time by waiting in the lobby.  The neat thing about The Signature is that it's connected by tunnels and malls to the MGM Grand which is at the very beginning of the strip so you can easily walk through and access food courts, spas, pools, clothing stores, casinos, and fine dining, they even have the Cirque Du Soleil Ka theatre there as well as a Rainforest Cafe.  So we did our site seeing for a few hours and were called the moment a room became available.  When we got to our one bedroom suite you could tell they were in a hurry to clean it so we could get settled because the carpet was still wet from washing, there was women's underwear in the closet, and the bath robes didn't look replaced because they had hair stuck to them and one was a dingy off white.  The view is AMAZING!  You can see all the pretty lights at night and see really far in the day.  We happened to be placed on the side that had a view of the airport and surprisingly it was hardly ever loud because of it.  We heard a plane once or twice but other than that it was pretty peaceful.  Our suite came with a fully equipped kitchen including a dishwasher, fridge, oven, stove, microwave, as well as wine glasses, regular glasses, a toaster, a blender, pots, pans, forks, spoons, butter knives, steak knives, and more.  So we brought our own food to cook most of the time and it was nice to have home cooked meals away from home.  The master bathroom has a TV in it and is VERY spacious.  The shower was large and easy to step into but because of the way the glass door sealed it had a tendency to leak a bit of water.  Next to it is a very HUGE jet spa tub which is big enough for two!  Very relaxing.  . . I would have to say my overall experience with this hotel was very nice, I think we must have caught them on an off weekend because when we were getting ready to check out we called around 1015 am for a luggage cart,  we waited till 11 am (which is when check out is) and called again for the cart.  We waited some more and then called for a third time at 1215 pm for a cart in which we were given an apology and a luggage cart arrived within 15 minutes.  We told the guy they must of been busy and he replied with a "no not really, it's been slow this morning"   I can understand a request falling through the cracks but it shouldn't take three phone calls over the course of 2 hours to get a luggage cart.. . Now don't get me wrong.  It is a very nice and peaceful hotel and I very much enjoyed the luxuries of the room and the hotel itself and my boyfriend had stayed here before and said he had a much better experience with no problems the last time he was there.. . I also like that there are no casinos inside this hotel so its more relaxing and you don't have a bunch of idiots running around that aren't staying at the hotel  in fact at night around 9pm the doors connecting the signature to the MGM mall, automatically lock, and only those with a room key can get in.  and the entrance to the hotel is also gated and Valet parking is complimentary.
Checking into the Green Monster.  Lines, Bling, Noise... Wait you are in "The Signature"... Oh yes, this is much more civilized.  Quiet, no casinos, no smoking! . Room - excellent.  Bathroom very roomy - Jacuzzi tub was incredible.  Outfitted with a great kitchen,  Bed very comfortable!  Free Wifi... If I ever return to Vegas this is my new home.
I stayed here with my bf for my first Vegas trip!. . Everything about the room we had was everything I hoped :D  Seriously the best hotel I have stayed at, ever.  It is secluded from the strip, but is still connected to the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.  We arrived earlier than our check-in time, but the staff offered to hold our bags while we went to do more shopping.  Everyone was really nice and accommodating!  The rooms were cleaned and tidied daily, restocked bottled water, fresh towels, and robes.  . . The suite was spacious and decorated.  The bathroom was very impressive too.  My favorite part was the jacuzzi tub and tv on the vanity (:  Fun relaxing times!. . The bed was so comfortable and luxurious.  My boyfriend enjoyed the tv THAT CAME OUT OF THE DESK. We enjoyed the comfy furniture and exclusiveness of this hotel!  I almost didnt want to leave the room! There was even room service, which we did order a couple of times.  The food was overpriced of course, and it took long of course, but we were enjoying our spoiled rotten asses too much to really care.  The food tasted good but we probably wont order it again, just to eat at other restaurants we havent tried (:. . On the day of check-out, I took off my diamond ring and forgot it!!!!! in the bathroom.  I called the front desk and of course no one reported anything immediately.  I called back later in the day and security said no one had turned anything in.  I was really sad to learn that not all the Signature employees were not the classy, honest citizen image I had created in my delusional mind. . . Obviously it was my fault for forgetting to put the ring back on after showering, but that was not cool.  I was being transferred to housekeeping, which by the way, NO ONE EVER ANSWERS.  No one offered to take down my name and number in case anything was found either.  It really seemed like no one wanted to help me, so it was hard to tell who was lying.  . . This is a warning to all: Make sure you  have everything before checking out because you may never see it again.  Someone else might take it home or sell it at a pawn shop!
I had some friends in town last week who were staying at The Signature.  I had the chance to check out the hotel and rooms and have to say that it is a really nice place to stay.. . It is valet parking only, but it is complimentary.  You can walk to The Signature through MGM.  . . All the employees are super friendly and helpful.. . The room is large with a king bed, a couch and chair, a table with chairs, and a small kitchenette.  Not exactly sure who is going to be using the stove while they are on vacation in Vegas, but the mini-fridge and microwave can come in handy.    The bathroom is very large with a huge tub, separate shower, a two sinks.  . . The appeal of this place is that it is quiet and away from the crowds and smoke of The Strip.  The downside is that it is a bit of a walk to the casinos.  If you want to party it up all night long, you may want to consider somewhere else.
Great location, close enough to walk but far enough away to feel like you are away from the smoke and noise. Room exactly as pictured but with some wear and tear. Concierge was great. Blue Chip was fine but had delayed response when calling to ask about early check out and never responded to call about late check out.
We stayed in a suite which included:. -King Bed. -Kitchenette. -Safe in closet. -Balcony. -Pull out sofa. -Shower, Jacuzzi Tub & seperate bathroom. . The experience here was awesome. Room service was always helpful and efficient. . Checking in was my big complaint, there were only 2 staff members and it took them almost 30 mins, (we were the only group waiting in line) but they did offer us water so that was nice. There is a cafe downstairs in tower 2 which is convenient if you need a quick bite to eat. The pools are connected through a walkway, and we were able to find a spot on Sunday before we left. They also will hold your luggage for you assuming you want to hang out in Vegas for a little bit longer. When we needed a taxi, they called for us and were there in a flash! I suggest this hotel. It's modern, without being too crazy. It's pretty close to the strip so if you want to walk 0.5 miles you are right there, or you can cut through Planet Hollywood which you can see from your hotel.. . Note: If you get room service they won't charge it to your room, so either use cash or credit card.
You want a swank hotel? The beds are extra comfy. The bathrooms are EXTRA large and nice! Generous sized jacuzzi deep soaking tub, clear glass shower which is separate. HUGE his and hers sinks so you can do your makeup and someone else can get ready. Closet space was huge. The whole place was amazing. The kitchen was set up with dishwasher. full stove, oven, microwave, fridge and freezer. If you want a party room or a romantic night out OR if you have kids (this hotel is strictly non smoking), try staying here. . . Its connected to the regular MGM but the actual Signature is hidden behind it with its own entrance gates and door service. . . I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.. . Minus one star because it took forever to get extra towels in the room when we called for it... we were a group of like 12 women and we NEEDED those towels. At least when the guy finally came up he had extra toiletries too!
We booked mum and dad a b'day trip to Vegas and stayed at this hotel last week. The hotel service has changed since we last visited but still good, however the accompanied shuttle service was HORRIBLE. . . Hotel. Pro. The service is still good. They've put in a check in counter at the airport which was not there when we visited Vegas a couple of years ago.. . Con. The complimentary water that used to be provided by the hotel was no longer available. It's really hot in Vegas at summer, it would be nice if they still provide such service.. . Shuttle Service. This is a TERRIBLE choice. We will NEVER book with their accompanied shuttle service ever again. They are cooperating their shuttle service with Showtime. If you are to stay at Signature, DON'T go with their shuttle service. . . We booked a round trip for my parents. On the way to the hotel was fine, but the shuttle never turn up to pick them up. They've called numerous times to the office, and waited for an hour and half. They ended up taking the taxi to the airport with no refund from the shuttle company.
Stayed in the Junior suites which were connected with each other. Had 11 people staying and I have to say it suited us perfectly. Like most Vegas trips we didnt spend much time in our rooms but if thats what you wanted to do these rooms would work just fine. We used the pool which had its own bar and wasn't crowded at all - but still had enough people there to make it fun. Didnt feel it was too far from the MGM and having stayed there previously, I would definitely choose the Signatures.. Viva Las Vegas!
As you may or may not know the Signature at MGM Grand is a condo hotel property. This means the rooms are all owned by private parties and they are handed off to the hotel for rent when the private party is not using it. Anyways, my experience was nothing less than a fantastic all the way. I researched the hotel before hand so I knew that it doesn't have major restaurants, I knew that it does not have a casino it the hotel, and I knew that it was about a 10-15 minute walk from the strip. That said, the hotel rooms are outstanding, the views that we had were awesome, and short of a little check in snafu, the entire stay was everything you would expect for the awesome reviews this hotel receives. And add my review to that list. By the way, the BALCONY rooms are the best!
I really enjoyed this hotel room. We ordered room service twice and it was awesome. The service was great and our room was beautiful. Easy access to the MGM casino and other places on the strip.
Before I begin my review, I'll mention that we paid for our room with frequent flyer miles, so this review is in no way based on price.. . First, know that there are three towers in this hotel - tower 1 is located closest to the main MGM building and exit onto the strip, tower 2 a bit further away, and tower 3 at the end. All four buildings are connected via indoor walkways with some of those moving walkways in them, but it might be a bit of a walk for some. For us being in tower 3 was a mild nuisance... I would have preferred to be in tower 1, but when making a reservation I wasn't even aware that the hotel was in 3 separate buildings. . . There is a monorail stop between the MGM casino area and tower 1, as well as a ton of eateries, fast food places, and shops. The MGM casino in general seemed to be a bit less busy than many of the other casinos we visited during our trip, which could be nice if you're looking for a bit of a slower pace. The spa is also in this area between tower 1 and the casino.. . Our room itself was quite wonderful. We had a junior suite, which had a king-size bed, living room area, small balcony, kitchenette, and large bathroom with a separate shower and large jacuzzi tub. Pretty damned nice. It felt luxurious.. . The public hotel areas in the Signature towers are nice, although not as grand as what you'll see in other hotels. We didn't get a chance to use the pool; each tower has its own and they close at 7 p.m.... not sure if this is a Vegas standard, but that was a bit disappointing.. . Overall, I would consider staying here again if I make it back to Vegas, but since I can only compare it to casino hotels I've stayed at in Atlantic City and CT, I can't say for sure if it's really much nicer than any of the other quality places on the strip.
I was in Vegas for work...7 days! Far too long to be in Vegas. Thank goodness for The Signature. . . The Signature Towers sit just behind the MGM Hotel and are a non-smoking, no gaming hotel. I was in Tower 1 and from there it was about a 7 min walk into the main MGM hotel (maybe 5 if you power walk on the moving walkway). The rooms are set up for an extended stay with spacious accommodations, a small seating area with afold out couch, large bathroom (w/an XL Jacuzzi Tub) with small TV, large shower and a kitchenette equipped with an electric stove, mini fridge, microwave, toaster, blender and all your necessary kitchen gadgets and accessories. . . The room was very clean, quiet, though my view wasn't great as it over looked the pool and a parking garage across the street. Honestly not a big deal since I was barely in the room. The bed was comfy, pillows a little on the soft side, but not terrible and the sheets super soft! Each tower has its own pool with the pools at Tower 1 and I believe Tower 3(?) adults only. I think it's the pool at Tower 2 that is the family pool and kid friendly. . . They have a mini store (sodas, bottled water, chips and snacks) in the lobby area, a Starbucks (though they're only open till 5?) and a great little deli called Delights with breakfast eats, pizzas and wraps. I went there twice for their yummy Melrose wrap! So Good!. . Do be aware that they "close" the lobby in Tower 1 around 7pm? But they have staff in Tower 2, a very short walk from Tower 1, available to assist you should you need any help. . . I really enjoyed my stay here- the rooms were clean and quiet, beds comfy, staff friendly and rates inexpensive. I would definitely stay here again!
I love this hotel! This is my second time staying here and just got back from my sister's bachelorette party. The hotel is elegant, very clean, and all the towers are conveniently located to MGM without the ruckus or smoke smells from the regular hotels. I loved that we could walk out to our own tower pools or head over to the MGM pools. The deluxe suites were beautiful! Sometimes you dodn't want to go outside but rather take a nice long bath in the jacuzzi tub. I highly recommend it! Totally worth the price.
I headed to Vegas for a bachelorette party last weekend and we stayed at the Signature.  We stayed in 2 suites and they were very nice.  I was impressed with the bathrooms... jetted tubs, lots of space, and well lit.  If 10 ladies had no issues getting ready in these 3 bathrooms (one suite had 2 bathrooms), then most people will have zero issues.   . . The rooms weren't as big as I was expecting but they were still spacious enough and they were very clean and quiet. I'm afraid we might have been the loud party on the floor, hopefully we didn't bother anybody. The hotel was very accommodating any time we needed anything it was brought up in record time. The WiFi was also a nice free feature.  One day we enjoyed the tower pools and had great service by the wait staff.  I had an excellent pina colada while roasting in the sun. . . The only gripe is that I wish we were a little closer to the strip.  It wasn't that big of a deal to take the air conditioned walkways over to MGM Grand, it just added a little time to our walking trip (and when you have hooker heels on the less walking the better).
I live at the MGM Signature and thought some of you might be interested in the perspective of a full-time resident.. . This is a great place to live. Here are the things you need to know:. . RENT: Always rent directly from the apartment owner. You can find owners on Craigslist amongst other places. Do not attempt to rent through a third party like Blue Chip or you will get gouged on price. A fair price for a fully furnished one bedroom (as opposed to a studio Jr. Suite) unit on an upper floor is $1,800/month with a one year lease. Rent typically includes water, trash, electricity, and cable but this is negotiable with the owner. . . CONVENIENCE: I considered all of the residences on the strip and the Signature is by far the most convenient. There's a monorail stop a few steps from the Signature's MGM concourse. This monorail, combined with free trams, and a set of well-connected bridges will get you anywhere along the strip in no time. . . LEARN TO LOVE WALKING: Don't live here if you don't like to walk. The Signature is not an appropriate long-term solution for the elderly or those in wheelchairs.. . CABLE / INTERNET / PHONE: Cable is supposed to be included but the service is worthless. You only get a few channels and no DVR. Internet is supposed to be included but it's worthless. Reliable WiFi is only available in the lobby. Phone is supposed to be included but it's...worthless, because The Signature front desk constantly spams your phone's voicemail with ads. There are per-call charges too. All of these gripes can be answered easily in two words: COX CABLE. Get them out to your apartment ASAP. For $115/mo, you'll get high-speed Internet, cable, DVR, and phone service. Problem solved.. . FOOD: I'm a forty year old male who never learned how to cook. Every meal is eaten in a restaurant. Needless to say, the Signature is like paradise for guys like me. It will take me years to explore all the great eateries within walking distance.. . PARKING: There is no self-parking. Valet only. I thought I was going to hate this but it's awesome. The valets are super quick and once they get to know you, they prioritize your vehicle vs. those of the tourists. Technically it's free but I give them a $5 tip when they bring me my car.. . NOISE:  I've been here for six months and haven't heard a peep from my neighbors. Due to the unit layouts, you must be in a one-bedroom to obtain this level of peace and quiet. If you rent a "Jr. Suite" (i.e. studio) near the elevator, you're going to get major noise. Also, if you work from home during business hours, you'll want to avoid Tower 1 which overlooks the Wet Republic pool. Upper floors on Tower 2 + Tower 3 are your best bet to avoid residual sub-woofer sound from the loud DJ's at the pool during the day.. . GYM: Great gym. It's small but has adequate cardio equipment, weight machines, and free weights. It gets busy between 7:30am-9:00am. Avoid those hours and you'll have no problem.. . PRIVACY ISSUES: Be prepared for a Signature employee to enter your unit at any time without adequate warning. I requested housekeeping recently. They entered my unit at 10:30pm while I was in bed. Another time they were doing fire alarm checks and walked in after knocking and not waiting for an answer. . . MAIL PROBLEMS: The Signature's mail system is screwed up in spectacular fashion. Full time tenants do get a private PO box conveniently located in a secure mail room. BUT... It's a mail room with no outbound mail slot. Your only option is to walk to the business center at the MGM hotel. Crazy. But it gets weirder. . . Let's say you live on the twenty fifth floor in unit 715. In any other building in the world, the mailing convention would be: 135 E. Harmon #25-715. That address works for UPS/FedEx, but for DMV/utilities, you'll need to remove the third digit of the unit number. You also have a PO Box, whose number is totally unrelated to the unit number. You'll need to memorize up to four different mailing addresses and figure out which one to use in each circumstance.. . WASHER / DRYER: The "green" washer and dryers built into each unit are effectively useless. There's a secure laundry facility downstairs with plenty of "real" washer/dryers that work just fine. No biggie. . . BOGUS RENEWAL CHARGE:  The reservation system expires your parking permit and your apartment/laundry/mail key every three months, forcing you to deal with the front desk and parking security four times each year to "renew" all of these items. This seemed completely unnecessary to me at first, and it boggled my mind as to why they would force loyal tenants to go through this mindless routine every three months. Then I found out why they do it. They charge a "reservation fee" each time. It's not a ton of money, but it's a tacky and classless thing to do in my opinion.. . All in all, despite a few misgivings about the way the management handles certain day-to-day aspects of tenant life, I'm glad I moved here. It's a great place to live.
We just returned home from a good weekend in Vegas. We won a weekend package, and as part of that we got to stay at the Signature at the MGM Grand. . . The room was beautiful, and clean. The entire building was clean. The staff was fantastic. There was some confusion about billing. This was a gift we had won and we weren't responsible for payment. The front staff was awesome helping us make sure it all was cleared up. . . If you want to hit Vegas and want to stay at a resort off the strip, you should consider the Signature at MGM.. .  A couple of down sides. First, the MGM casino the main property is a walk. That didn't bother us. Second, the resort fee. That is lame. You get Internet with it, but the connection sucked.
beautiful suite one bedroom, well done, nice views, awesome pool. my only gripe, no kettle in the kitchen.
Viva Las Vegas, I do love it. Word to the wise, really really consider where you want to stay based on who you are traveling with when visiting Vegas and what you're activities are gonna be. For example, if there only 4 of you and you've never been before-stay on the strip But if you planned a trip for 7 with limos and Mandalay Bay, Wet Republic, or Planet Hollywood? Well then, stay at the Signature!  (Beware though: certain hotels are not "on the strip" but certainly market like it's "not that far" Lies. Vegas is like Texas, everything is bigger here-sure you can see The Bellagio just down the way....but it will take you seventy million years to walk there.). . ANYWAYS: We were 7 girls for a bachelorette party and wanted connecting rooms or a two bedroom suite. There is a couple hotels in Vegas that do this (Palm's Place, Mirage) and I hadn't tried The Signature before. It's 'off the strip" but connected to the main MGM hotel by a tunnel. The tunnel, in fact, comes right out at the entrance to the pools, Wet Republic, and the Spa. Very convenient! Two bedrooms suites sell out in advance normally, so book ahead of time! . . There is a cafe and a Starbucks in the three Signature towers, but for more food choices you'll have to catch a cab somewhere, order room service, or head to the MGM. There is a full kitchen in the suites, pre-funk baby! Fill it up with booze and snacks and save loads of moola. . . The rooms were nicely decorated, with patios that actually open, another amenity usually found in all suite hotels or condo towers turned hotels like this one. I would book it again but there was a fewweird things. One, no linens for the pull out beds, and when they finally sent some up they brought no sheets, then when they finally got sheets they brought just the bottom ones for each pull out. Sigh. Two: I felt like there was two towels in the entire suite. We called for more, np, but I dub a hotel truly up on customer service by when they use some preemptive thought. For example: . . Front desk: "How many keys would you like Miss S?". Me: "Seven please" . Front desk: "Of course, and I'll send extra linens and towels up right away" . . ....woulda been nice. . . The pools at each tower are simple but nice, with slushy drink bars and some food service, safe and quiet. The allure of Wet Republic and MGM's lazy river calling you? No worries, head on over-take the tunnel. . . All in all we spent so much time at MGM we should have just stayed there! But the extra square footage and large bathrooms with 7 chicks was great. 4 stars. I'd do it again...and order so many towels and sheets I'd be able to make a fort out of em. Oh and cheers to the gentlemen at the curb, always sweet and handing out free waters-they getcha a cab in a hott second and stow your bags safely.
They are so accommodating it made my heart warm and fuzzy... or maybe that was just the alcohol. We arrived super early for check in and figured we'd just store our bags until an acceptable check in time. No worries to be had, they allowed a 9a check-in. NICE!. . It's attached to the MGM by a tunnel which is considerably long... Almost a hassle, but not enough to where I wouldn't stay again. I appreciate that it's an indoor trek since Vegas weather can be quite cruel. If you're taking a cab just make sure you tell the cabbie you're going to the Signature so they can drop you off at the Signature entrance or you'll be drunkenly trekking through the casino in you're fabulous Vegas gear if you just say MGM.. . I love that the monorail is so close to the Signature entrance. Really people, if you haven't started using the monorail, you really should!!! But that's another review. Another thing I love? That I have access to the MGM lazy river, and it's a way shorter trek than if I were staying in the casino. . . All in all I love. I get the fun casino amenities but some privacy as well. The staff is super courteous, helpful, and the rooms are dreamy.. . It's just that damn tunnel!!!
My friends and I stayed in a nice 2 bedroom suite at the Signature for a bachelor party! I had a great stay. The amenities were great and they don't restrict you from having outside alcohol like the Grand does. . . The walk to the MGM Grand was not bad at all and I actually like the convenience of having a separate taxi line. You can wait up to half an hour for a cab at the Grand, whereas at The Signature there was no wait. . . The rooms are more spacious and well appointed. Having a full size fridge was a perk too. The 2 bedroom suite is actually the 1 bedroom suite connected to a junior suite. It gives you 2.5 baths, 2 king beds and 2 queen sleeper sofas. . . The Signature is a great property, by no means is it the nicest hotel on the strip. The accouterments were not over the top, but the room was well appointed. Easily the best value for luxury on the strip. Witha friendly staff and all perks of the Grand, I'm giving it 4 stars.
Good value for the price (thanks BlueChipVegas.com...!), roomy, clean with updated interior unlike that the sketchy adjacent MGM.   My only complaint is that it is super far from everything and the cab situation is virtually non-existent late at night.   I understand that this is a mixed-residence type of deal, but the lack of cabs (and having to walk over to the zoo masquerading as a cab stand at MGM) was pretty ridiculous.   Would recommend if you're looking for a quiet, non-casino hotel, with a nice kitchenette and firm beds.
Stayed here for work and for EDC (back to back! Imagine that) and both times I enjoyed my stay. Rooms are nice suites. Parking was easy to use valet. I would recommend this place. 15 minute walk from tower 3 to MGM and all the food gambling and fun you could want!
Enjoyed my stay here. . . Clean and mostly quiet, no casino. Valet parking, fast and friendly with free waters!. Able to use the MGM Grand pools and amenities . Nice rooms with big tubs, comfy beds. Comes with kitchen if you want to bring food . . My only gripes would be the thin walls, and the tv was a little weird being connected to the kitchen portion. Also it felt a little bit more like a condo rental that a hotel. But I would stay here again for sure. Good deal for a nice room.
Really nice suites here with balcony, kitchen, jacuzzi tube, separate shower, TV in bathroom, fold out couch, and even an empty fridge (kind of a mini condo).  All this at a good price when we book through a property management company www.bluechipvegas.com.  Some of these condos are owned and they hire management companies to rent them at a cheaper cost.  There are 3 towers and I recommend tower 1 since the only complaint about these towers is that they are not on the strip and a little walk to the MGM (all indoor walkways) and tower 1 is the closest.  MGM is newly remodelled and has everything you need to never leave.
I would definitely stay here again, very positive experience...
Loved this hotel -- great accommodations and quiet atmosphere for the $ plus just steps away from the MGM complex and the monorail.  We'll stay here every time we go to Vegas.
Rented via MGM website..  this way you get daily maid service , concerige and great MGM staff at the front desk.  Valet was on top of whatever you needed-- taxi, limo, or y our own car.  The lobby and pool were clean, and nice looking. Good waitstaff at pool. but they need more free chairs vs pay for the day chairs.. Kudos to Jessica for taking care of my thirst in the hot sun.. :). I was in Tower 1 which is plenty close to mgm casino.. I think even Tower 2 would not be that far of a walk at all.. maybe.   Tower 3 would be a little bit of a hassle if you planned to go  back to  MGM several times a day.. Moving walkways make the walk short and easy.. Anybody should be able to make the walk with not any issue. . Room was clean but not spotless and was in good condition. The couch looked new but there was a single recliner with footstool  in my room that was past its prime as was a floor lamp- it appeared busted .  Jetted tub in my master bath was stained and  needed a through cleaning.. not sure I would have wanted to get into it without it looking cleaner. Shower was great, kitchen was stocked and clean, fridge made great ice  and TVS were good.  Very nice 1 bedroom suite with balcony , overlooking MGM pool complex. . I liked being close but not on top of the strip action.. so I recommend this as a good place to catch some sleep, hang at the pools and still be close to the action.
#30DaysOfYelp: 18/30. . Sorry, wi-fi is spotty so I'll have to keep this short.... . Awesome stuff:. -lazy river pool in the MGM Grand part...so fun! Float on inner tubes or just float yourself. :D. -great daily specials on drinks at The Lounge (half-off bottles of wine on wednesdays). -big shower + large spa tub (I spent a lot of time in there!). -kitchenette (so good for cooking breakfasts-save money!). -comfiest beds ever (so good after staying out until 4am). -access to The District where there are a ton of dining options (want to try Shibuya, which has a hyuuuuge Sake selection). -coffee maker in suite, bonus.. -includes a safe to lock up stuff...a necessity. -double sink. -tv in the bathroom (!!!!). . Lost a star for:. -missing cups/utensils in kitchen (why didn't the staff check? We had eggs but nothing to cook them in). -crappy wi-fi (ugh, cuts in and out). -longer walk to The Strip. . [edited to add details 2012-10-20 wi-fi working now]
Booked a Jr. Suite here for a bachelorette weekend and it was fabulous! Although I had it to myself, it can accomodate up to 4 comfortably. It came equipped with a kitchenette and large sized bathroom with dual sinks, shower, and jacuzzi tub. Man, was I ever thankful for that tub! It helped get rid of those sore muscles I got from getting my party on a little too hard in the clubs. Overall, it was a fabulous room.  The valet service was friendly and quick too. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and would definitely consider looking them up for my next trip.
Stayed 2 nights in early Nov for $100/nt.  VERY impressed.  Once of the nicest rooms we have ever stayed at.  Extremely well equipped, great view and super comfortable bed and linens.  I travel a ton and am not easily impressed.  Only downside is the carpet and some surfaces were showing a little bit of wear, but nothing alarming or uncomfortable.
Stayed 5 nights.  Great kitchenette with full size fridge/freezer and top end appliances.  One Bedroom, two bath.  Had view of airport, but it was fine.  Easy access to MGM Grand, monorail, NY NY, Miracle Mile Shops.  Good workout room.  Pools looked nice, but was 50 degrees out.  Can't complain for $150 a night.
I would give it 5 stars, but one thing about this hotel reallllllllllly annoyed us.  They do not have self park, only valet.  it's "free", but that does not include gratuity, so it's not really free.  also, they take FOREVER to get your car.  I would rather just get my own car and not tip for slow service.  vent over.. . The room and checkin was awesome though.  No wait to check in.  We were put on the 18th floor in a one bedroom suite.  Room is HUGE.  Loved the kitchen area and master bathroom.  Nice balcony as well.  Weird view of the airport, but whatevs.  We used the fitness area daily and the equipment was nice.  Not a huge gym, but big enough and the machines I wanted to use were always available.. . It was nice as well to not have to walk through a mall or casino to get to my room.. . Not sure I would stay here again because the valet thing really annoyed my husband, but it was nice and I would recommend it for people who want a noncasinolike place to stay that is very near the casinos.  Oh, and the place has a resort fee that covers things like wifi the gym, etc. so if this annoys you, know this in advance.
Genre for rating: upscale . . A winner in an already gluttonous hotel town, the Signature is a welcomed quiet option for the busting Vegas strip. Most rooms come with a mini kitchen and oversized sitting room, and many have patios.  Although it is a bit of a stroll to the main part of the strip, the location may be worth it if you are looking for a more inconspicuous lodging option while in Vegas.  Pus..it still technically does connect to the MGM Grand.. Cleanliness: ****. Amenities: ****. Service: ***
Stayed here over the weekend. Very nice, comfy, beautiful, and convenient hotel. Loved that it was non smoking and quick access to the strip and the MGM grand. Only issue, was that when I checked in. I was told I had to "pay" $200 more than what I was expecting for a liability thing. And that it would be returned 7-10 days later! Not sure of she was fully aware how it works or if she explained it wrong. Would have preferred a regular hotel who charges after if there are any damages or problems. Overall great hotel!
I would also give this hotel a five start rating if it weren't for BLOOMSPOT.. They basically ruined our Vegas experience  (well they and the "Buffet of Buffets" which we were SO looking forward to and that was canceled until January, but that's a separate issue). . . I booked a deal through Bloomspot on December 23rd for a two night stay at the Signature Suites at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas for December 26-28th 2012. I was charged $195.55 When we arrived at the hotel late Wednesday night after an 8 hour drive, we were told that they had not received any notification of a reservation through Bloomspot but that they would honor the offer and put us up in one of Bloomspot's reserved rooms until further notice. They also gave me their manager's email so that I could query the issue to him via email. The following day, I checked again and still, no news from Bloomspot. . . I was then given another manager's email to contact and inform of the situation. I checked back with the front desk to see if they'd heard anything from Bloomspot. By about 7:30pm Thursday evening, they still had not heard anything back from Bloomspot, so I was really worried as I did not want to have to pay the additional $268.80 for the room on top of Bloomspot's $195.55 charge, costing me a total of $464.35. We were also promised a $50 food and beverage coupon which was not fulfilled.  Upon leaving, I had to pay the full amount of $464.35 for this error with no food or beverage coupon. . . I understand that this a very busy time of year, and that maybe something got lost in translation to MGM Grand. However, I purchase a lot of coupons through Bloomspot, Groupon, Living Social, and other major companies and never have I been through something like this. I trust that Bloomspot will right this issue as I really would like to continue supporting Bloomspot and their great deals! . . Ahem, The hotel itself was lovely, the staff were nice, and rooms huge and the jacuzzi bath luxurious; they're technically condos for traveling business types, so the additional EMPTY fridge and kitchenette were a double plus, especially if you want to save money and bring your own food/alcohol to keep cool. As I said, the hotel itself is very nice, just wish our experience hadn't been tainted by Bloomspot's ineptitude.. . Oh, and as others said, the parking situation was a bit of a kerfuffle. You do have to valet and wait a while for your car (this last week was ESPECIALLY busy though), and you do have to tip the valet guys, but it's not going to break the bank.
Rooms were nice.  We had a one bedroom and a regular.  The one bedroom had a full kitchen with Sub Zero fridge, Miele stove and cooktop.  Microwave and dish washer Bosch too.  Balcony, pretty high at even the 12th floor.. . Long ass walk to MGM and restaurants.  Even longer when you're stumbling back from the clubs at 6am.
Got a suite here in July for a conference at the "nearby" MGM Grand. It felt like I walked 10 miles a day. Granted I was in heels. I recommend that if you have to do this trek as well, bring flip flops to change out of! . . The room was amazing. I had a fully equipped kitchen, living room with fold out bed and full bath, a balcony overlooking their huge pools, a huge master bedroom with two closets and what felt like an equally huge bathroom with a monster size jacuzzi. The first day I got a little mad that I didn't have a TV in my room and that I had to go to the living room to watch it. I later found my TV hidden in my desk right across my bed...fancy! . . Here are the cons: . -I did not know that I was staying at a timeshare property. I had no idea until I called for an extra towel and for them to fill my salt shaker and the front desk said that I had to call another number. HUH? No one explained this to me when I checked in. Not only that, but they are only available certain hours of the day and were closed when I called (it was around 6:30pm). -There aren't really many dining options here, except for a coffee shop and I noticed a wine bar. You have to walk to the MGM Grand to eat.. -You are much further from the strip here. -After a certain time, the front desk is only open at the 2nd tower. I didn't really like the idea that if I needed something, like an extra key, I'd have to walk even further to that tower. . -Had no idea that cabs were only available at the 2nd tower after a certain time as well. We were waiting for almost 25 mins until another guest happened to see us and told us. . . So basically, my biggest complaint was that the most important pieces of info I should have been told about should have happened as soon as I checked in. . . Besides that, my visit went smoothly. And the fact that I still had access to the MGM Grand pools was pretty cool.
Just got back from staying here for four nights during Super Bowl weekend. My husband and I took our Dutch exchange student to sin city because it was a place she REALLY wanted to see while in America and we had a friend who was out for a convention. The five of us, two couples and a seventeen year old, had rooms on the 37th and 38th floors of tower 1 and were pleased. I will probably never stay anywhere else. . . The hotel is a little back from the strip but a simple walk to the Crystals/Aria end of the strip or cheap cab to Bellagio/Venetian. The doormen were friendly and knowledgeable about the area and were alway able to get van cabs since we had a larger party. . . The rooms are nicely appointed. Our friends had a regular room with a large bathroom (the bathrooms are huuuuuuuuge) and we had a one bedroom suite. We had two bathrooms, the huge one with a jacuzzi tub and shower and separate toilet and then there was a smaller bathroom between the kitchenette and living room. Our exchange student found the couch in the living room comfortable to sleep on both pulled out and when she was too tired she just slept on the regular couch. We all loved the view from our balcony.. . The hotel has multiple heated outdoor pools, a Starbucks (soooo expensive), over 21 lounge and a deli type spot (also ridonkulous prices... $4.32 for a cup of tea?!). There is a decent fitness center and also a small shop with snacks, drinks and basics a traveler might leave at home. Honestly, hit the cvs or Walgreen's on the strip if you forget something. . . The hotel connects to the MGM which has a casino, restaurants, shops and attractions. The Signature has none of this stuff which makes it a more quiet experience and one we preferred since we prefer to spend money on restaurants, shows, drinks and attractions rather than gambling.. . My only gripes with The Signature are that the elevator beeps at every floor with the most annoying sound ever (trivial, I know) and that the concierge staff were kind of annoying. Besides not being as knowledgeable as one would expect, the Tower 1 concierge apparently does not do checkouts before 7 a.m. Well, we were waiting for a cab and because one in our party was there for business and needed his paperwork he had to do a traditional checkout and had to walk to tower 2. He'd been there over a week and had taken care of all the staff nicely.  Despite this "policy" one of the women at the desk checked out THREE other parties. Weird.  Also, the person doing his checkout could not grasp the concept of separating charges by day instead of category, which is very frustrating when you're a frequent business traveler.. . Definitely a solid four stars and the place I'll stay the next time I find myself in Vegas.
Stayed for 4 nights here and couldn't have chosen better. The rooms are very clean, you got a full selection of everything you need. Room service was great they came every day re stocked it made it look nice again. Valet is part of staying here and all the  gentleman that fetched my car did a great job all very professional. This hotel is a bit tucked in behind the MGM Grand but it has access through automated walk ways. . . Perfect place to stay if you want a relaxing atmosphere during your trip with good quality, comfort and cleanness to go with it.
the only thing that stops me from giving it the 5th star is the SURPRISE $300 security fee they don't tell you about I signed up online and got what i thought was a deal they told me my balance would be $397, but when I check in at 430pm a few things went wrong, 1) my room they held for me isn't ready? ummm check in is at 3pm? 2) they didn't mention anything about the deposit which I had, but hadn't planned on it and finally 3) checking out they show you your final bill WOWZERS $10 for a higher floor per day? I didn't request it the front desk put me in there because my original room wasn't ready what I thought was $500+ ended up being $800+ aside from the surprises the hotel itself is nice quiet away from the madness of the strip and casinos the balcony was a beautiful view and the Jacuzzi was so very very nice I wish the TV in the bathroom was BIGGER than my Ipad LOL. I recommend this hotel just make sure that you read all FINE print ask for your total and any "additional" charges that may come about so you're prepared for it for the amount of money I spent I could have stayed at the Wynn or Bellagio
One of the best stays and value in Vegas. I have stayed at the Bellagio, Venetian, Monte Carlo and the Signature was better room at half the cost. The service was top notch and the room was very nice. The only downside is the walk to the strip, but it wasnt too bad.
We stayed at the Signature for 3 nights during our stay in Vegas. I booked it specifically for the whirlpool spa tub in the suites. I love me some jacuzzi time on vacays and I was delighted to find a tv in the bathroom too. Three out of 4 stars is just for my bathroom entertainment options. The suite itself was just the right amount of luxury. . . My only annoyance was that we booked through a 3rd party instead of the hotel itself. Unbeknownst to us, the suite was owned by an outside vendor, Luxury Suites International. It was never written on the reservation we received from them when we booked the suite. So basically, we had to play by this vendor's rules, which meant fixed housekeeping/room service hours, suite upgrades had to go through them etc. BUT at the end of the day, the great deal we received for the suite was worth going through them. . . I'm one of those people who enjoys Vegas in doses. The beauty of the Signature is that it's close enough to the Strip to walk there but far enough away when you get sick of it. There is a covered walkway which connects all three towers of the hotel and MGM Grand. Very convenient with a few moving belts and a deli shop and Starbucks along the way. . . Good experience overall
The location could be better, and the sprawl of the complex can be frustrating, but the place itself is great.  The suites are spacious and tasteful as Hell.
This hotel is outstanding. Beautiful spacious rooms, bathroom and a wonderful kitchenette. Overall I could find nothing wrong with this hotel. From the front desk,  room service to housekeeping they were excellent. The only drawback is the distance from the strip. We were with family who stayed somewhere else and meeting up with them almost required a taxi ride. My husband and I are in great shape. Walking was not the issue, it was the time it took to get to places. If you don't mind being quite a ways off the strip, you'll have no problem. They have moving sidewalks but you walk through a mall and the MGM casino before your anywhere near the strip. The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous as the service is too.
While not as spacious as Palazzo/Venetian, they do have nice rooms which comparable to Cosmo and the others. It may be the same size or even bigger. . . The difference between Signature and the others is there's a stove and microwave which means you can reheat some leftovers or cook some snacks. It comes in handy.. . The only negative about Signature is it's off strip. I mean, really off strip. The only way to get on strip is to take a long walk through a tunnel which leads to MGM. It's not that bad but MGM is on one end of the strip and when you want to hit up Encore, it's definitely taxi time. Also, there is no casino in here.. . The parking is a little wonky too. You need to be a guest to park here and there's no self-parking, it's all valet.. . Besides those little details, it's a nice place to stay. Quiet, but nice.
The MGM Signature (different from the casino hotel, MGM Grand) is a fantastic place to stay.  The location is a bit "off-strip" but the Signature is connected to the MGM Grand via a walkway, which is really not that long, especially if you're not wearing high heels.  The walkway gives you access to the casinos in the MGM Grand and The Strip.  The Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood are also a short walk away.. . There are many little things about the MGM Signature that makes you feel special: the entrance to the towers is gated, valet is complimentary. and the staff is incredibly nice.  The establishment has a hotel/condo feel rather than your typical Las Vegas casino.  However, in my opinion, that's what makes it a nice place to retreat to after a crazy night on The Strip. . . The Signature is comprised of three towers, connected on the first floor (lobby floor) by a walkway.  Each tower has its own pool,complete with full bar service.  These pools are relaxing, and you DON'T have to pay to sit down!  Yay!  (A stark contrast to the crazy ridiculous pool parties at the casino hotels). . In addition to the awesome amenities, there is a Starbucks and hotel bar on the lobby floor.  Also, the walkway to the MGM Grand is dotted with fast food establishments to quench your late night drunchies, including a froyo joint and a McDonald's.. . I booked our room on AirBNB (https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/113019).  You really can't beat the price.  I paid $506, including all fees and taxes, for 3 nights.  Additionally, by booking with AirBNB, you also recieve 35% off at the fabulous Asian fusion restaurant, Social House in the Crystals.  Honestly, best deal ever.. . Pro Tip:  Bring your own booze, mixers, and food.  The rooms are equipped with a small kitchen complete with all the utensils (everything from forks to spatulas to knives).  Also a blender, toaster, microwave, and mini-fridge.
Stayed here 3 nights as part of a Bachelorette party. With 10 people, we were able to fit into a suite and adjoining room. While sleeping arrangements were a bit iffy at times, it was nice having a full kitchen (not that we cooked, but a fridge is necessary for alcohol) and a total of 3 full bathrooms between the 2 rooms - with 2 of the bathrooms being large masters. Lots of mirrors and outlets - again necessities for women and everyone's electronics. Super clean rooms, great housekeeping, granite counter tops in kitchen and bathroom, stainless steel everything. We had a balcony and overlooked Wet Republic/MGM pool and the airport and mountains not that far in the distance. Would have been nice to face the opposite direction to see the Strip. The lobby is very simple, compared to all the other hotels. There's a small convenience store, a small bar, and a Starbucks. They'll bag check for you if you arrive early and if you have to check out prior to heading to the airport. It should be noted this hotel is not on the Strip. Although it is connected to the MGM Grand, it's a good 15 to 20 minute walk from the inside to get to the Strip. There was always a cab available outside the lobby though, and they were able to take the side streets to get to other hotels/casinos/restaurants/bars. Had no problem getting to wherever we were going in under 10 minutes and less than $10. Although I probably won't stay here again, as I'd like to be in the middle of the Strip next time, I would recommend it for large groups. Prices are unbelievably cheap between 10 people for 2 rooms - paid $137 per person for 3 nights (Friday, Saturday and Sunday) which included all taxes, resort fees, and entry into MGM pool. Also, never waited more than a 10 seconds for an elevator.
So the pros and cons in my book make it out for 4 stars keeping in mind it is not a luxury hotel this is 4 stars for this kind of hotel.  I cannot write about my travels over seas on Yelp but trust me I have seen a lot of amazing good and bad!. . We had some friends in town from LA who had a block of rooms for the fight and invited us to stay for fun and debauchery and use a room so we could indulge as well.  We were happy for the invitation and safe place to sleep on the strip near our fun nights with friends.. . Pros.   1: The drive in, you actually have to be let thru a gate to be let onto the property by a guard..   2:  Valet Only no hassle with parking or bags..   3:  Fast check in because it does cater to a different crowd no lines..   4:  3 towers small in size so the walk around the inside of the hotel is short..   5:  Really nicely decorated large rooms and/or suites with kitchenettes or full sized kitchens, great for families, parties or the unknown after party that ends up at your place..   6:  Bathrooms are huge and the tubs are Jacuzzi tubs which is a big deal if you are on vacation!  I have one at home and live here so not so big deal for me but still a major Pro!.   7:  On site pool with cabanas nice if you do not want the HUGE party and the other casino pools a more chill relaxed but still fun in the sun with many cocktails if you so desire!.   8:  On site lounge/bar and small menu offerings..   9:  A celebrity hideout, we may have been with a few ;).   10:  An easy walk, taxi or limo to anyplace on the strip, the concierge will gladly help you in anyway he/she can..  11: Easy and fast room service!.   12: A fast and cleanly maid service..   13: You can get into the gate without the guard after you have a room key.. . Cons.   1: Stay in tower 1 the closest walk to the MGM for events food or fun in the closest casino..   2: Valet Only, yes nice but then you have to wait for your car if your leaving 8/.   3: 3 towers if your in tower 3 it's a long walk to the MGM for quick food and fun!.   4: On a weekend like this to be expected but LOTS of drunks the security were on top of it the whole time..   5: There were a bunch of nasty cigarettes on the roof below us from people just tossing them off the balcony while smoking, supply and ash can so the rest of us don't have to look at it. :(. . Great place would come back service and what not well over ways the cons in this case!
It was a great place to stay.The room has a kitchen...... . It's quiet and clean our room had 2 bathrooms.The main one was huge 3 girls in there getting ready.That's saying something since girls take all the space..... . Some people complain about Hotels in Vegas.The way I see it the Hotel is just to sleep. The real party is outside......
Very nice room. The staff very friendly. Not a far walk to the MGM or Planet Hollywood. After walking the strip all day the jacuzzi tub was awesome! We would defiantly stay here again.
Overall, I'm happy/satisfied with this hotel. It fit most, if not all, the needs for a bachelorette party. BUT, there were some things that stood out like a sore eye. BUT THEN AGAIN, I'm sure you'll find some negative things about every friggin hotel.. . + Pretty decent space for the buck: Most LV hotel rooms boast about having a suite, and when you get there with your party and feel slightly cramped. Our deluxe suite, I think, is a bit bigger than the average LV hotel suite, and the bit certainly helped.. . + Stock up your own mini fridge, son!: I LOVE LOVE LOVE this. Every other LV hotel I've been to, sure..they have a mini fridge, but it's stocked with things (which you probably won't eat/drink) that, if moved slightly, will cost you a buttload. Here, they provide you with an empty fridge where you can put whatever you want. Very awesome.. . + Kitchen with all the utensils and a microwave: Glasses, plates, forks, spoons. My only regret was not using the blender to make margaritas. Darn. Microwave was hot diggity useful when warming up leftover pizza after a night out. mmmm.. . + FREE WI-FI: Haven't been to Vegas in a while, but last I was here, wi fi was certainly not free. Dammit, get with the program, hotels.. . + 5 girls in a (jacuzzi) tub, rub a dub dub: One of the highlights was returning to the hotel after a night out dancing in mah damn heels, flicking those off and soaking my feet in a tub of hot watah. Aaaaaaaah. One by one, the other girls followed suit, amazed and entranced by this simple but absolutely delightful treat. Then someone whipped out some shampoo, and boom. Mega bubble bath. Magical.. . + DVD playa plaaaay: This is great. I brought along a DVD that was part of one of our bachelorette games, and I'm soo happy that I didn't have to haul my big ass laptop with me to Vegas. DVD player was all set up. There was a minor glitch when I tried to start it up, but Maintenance instantly responded and fixed it. No problemo no mo.. . + 3 pools + MGM's? Shweet.: Signature has 3 pools (one for each tower). It's definitely not one of those mega pool parties type of pool. Just some regular pools that gets the basics done. Which is all I really needed. But if I wanted to do some people watching, I could easily just head to MGM through the inside walkway and head to their pools. Easy breezy.. . + Not much of a line when waiting for a taxi: We go down to the valet, ask for a taxi from them, and in a few minutes a taxi arrived to drive us over to Excalibur (Thunder from Down Under, duh!). We get to Excalibur and see a loong line of people waiting for a taxi. Back at Signature, sure, there were maybe 1 or 2 parties ahead of us waiting for a taxi, but we waited no more than 5 minutes for one.. . + "Is there anything else I can assist you with, Ms. Madge?": This is a minor plus, but I thought it was nice to be addressed this way anytime I called the front desk with a question.. . + Checkout pretty easy: They emailed me the express checkout link. That way I don't have to talk to anyone who's asking me how my trip was. Dude, I just wanna leave. Thanks though.. . Alright. The negatives. I like this hotel, but, I have to tell my whole experience.. . - La cucaracha blanca! Ay caramba!: Our first night there, we're walking towards the Tower 2 lobby in one of the walkways (between tower 3 and tower 2), and out comes this cockroach that just wanted to tag along. We screamed as it scampered away to distress another party. Note: cockroach sighting was in the walkway. We found no cockroaches in our hotel suite. That we know of. *shudder*. . - Bellhop system not working right: Alright, so I understand everyone else is checking out at the same time on Sunday, so yes there will be a wait, so says the operator. But after an hour of waiting, we call the operator again to find that, no, they didn't have our room recorded for any help with bringing our luggage out. Lame-o. We got tired of waiting, so we buckled up and hauled our own stuff down, huffing and puffing.. . TIPS. . * Stay at Tower 1 or Tower 2. Tower 3 is okay, but it is the farthest when you want to head to MGM. . . * Head to "Delights" for some yummy egg sandwiches. Located in Tower 2. There's one sandwich that has bacon in the bread. BACON IN BREAD.
Signature is a great alternative to the masses of humanity at the MGM. The rooms and suites are quite affordable, but nice. The finish quality is better than the remodeled tower rooms, but there is much less wear and tear. Think of Signature as an upgrade. . . Service was solid, staff is friendly, room was clean. It isn't luxurious, but you might call it mass affluent. You'll have a separate entrance and amenities. It is worth the extra $30 to $50.
I am not a huge fan of Las Vegas.  I don't gamble, I'm way too old for the club scene, and I am concerned about global warming.  I do love a good show, however.  And since my husband likes to gamble, I'm down for a trip to Vegas every now and then.. . I'm not feeling particularly clever at the moment, so let's just get to the pros and cons.. . Pros:  Loved the room.  It had everything I like - huge bathroom with a giant tub, glass enclosed shower, (TV in the bathroom - AWESOME), plenty of outlets and drawers for clothes and other stuff.  Comfortable bed, nice big soft towels.. . Loved the kitchen!  Yes, it's right under the TV, but come on!  Full size coffee pot (ours didn't work), toaster, blender, microwave, burners, and fully stocked cabinets/drawers (plates, glasses, flatware, pans, utensils).  Nice little balcony.. . The spa is wonderful. It's "downstairs" - you feel like you're descending into a tropical island cave.  There's water everywhere, dim lighting.  I highly recommend it.. . The tram departs from the MGM Grand - very convenient.. . Cons:  We stayed in Tower 2, and it's WAY out there.  Think catching a connector flight at the other end of the airport any time you want anything.  And literally, that's what it feels like - complete with moving walkways.  We're talking hall after hall of nothing but ugly carpet and sometimes rowdy drunk people (aka entertainment) until you finally reach the part of the resort where you can get a cup of coffee and some food.  On the plus side, you're away from the smoke and noise of the casino - so it's a tradeoff.  . . We ordered breakfast room service, and it was just awful.  $20 for eggs that were too buttery to eat and dry potatoes.   I know what you might be thinking.  There are hundreds of amazing eats in Vegas.  But this goes back to the location of the hotel.  It's so far from everything, and we were so hungry, we just went for it.  And we regretted it.  Don't do it.  Here's a tip.  Do a little grocery shopping and make breakfast in the room.  I wish we had.  . . Would I stay here again?  Absolutely.
We were pleasantly surprised with Signature. It's only a 5 minute walk from the main casino area of the MGM, but feels like a different hotel entirely. The main lobby is quiet and relaxed (granted we were there midweek), and I don't think we even shared an elevator with anyone  the whole time. .  Our one bedroom suite was quite large, with a decent size kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and a small balcony. Furnishings are new and clean, and the bathroom had a large jacuzzi that actually had some kick to the jets.. Each tower has it's own pool, which meant we were one of about only 8 couples out there.  The pool menu is pricey like most, but it is tasty. My only complaint in this department is the pool wasn't heated. I'm sure by mid-july this doesn't make a difference, but in the end of may on a hot but breezy day it was seriously cold. . Overall, a very pleasant experience, I'm sure we will return. It's very nice to be able to have a quiet place to hide for a while amidst all the craziness.
It's a good location, the suites are a good size with great Strip views from the balcony. Service is really slow but all else was fine with our stay!
This was our first trip to Vegas, and our travel agent found this hotel for us based on our request for a 1- bedroom suite.  Liked it, disappointed we couldn't get a strip view, but we overlooked Wet Republic from our room (which was quite entertaining) and my private pilot husband nerd enjoyed watching the incessant landing/takeoff of airplanes.. . Pros:. . -- Non gaming, non smoking.  Breezeway walk will take you to the MGM for gaming, smoke.  As stated by others, it's a bit of a stretch of the legs, but was not bothersome to us except for the first day when we walked the Strip all day.  Legs hurt!. -- Choice of using the MGM pools (loved the lazy river!) or the quiet pools located at each tower.. -- Suites are spacious, I enjoyed spending time sitting in our room having drinks between ventures outside.. -- Nice size kitchen with all the amenities (which we didn't use) and a nice big fridge (which we did use).. -- Two bathrooms?  Yes please.  Perfect for our family of 3.  Master bath was pretty big.. -- Pleasant staff on checkin and checkout.  Standing in line, a lady working there offered us a bottle of water.  Nice touch.. -- Starbucks in Tower 1 (where we stayed), busy but perfect for my fancy coffee.. -- Got there early (noonish) and was worried our room wouldn't be ready, pleasantly surprised it was!. -- Plenty of elevators and I think we only shared an elevator with someone else once.. -- We had a balcony suite, which was nice, but no furniture.  We dragged an ottoman outside.. . . Cons:. . - Airport side can be very noisy with planes constantly taking off and landing.  Take a white noise machine with you if you stay in these rooms.. - Bring your own booze,  A 5th of Grey Goose in the lobby store was $77.. --Snag housekeeping if you want more than one pouch of coffee per day.  One pouch doesn't make much coffee.. -- Valets were great but it could take a bit of time to get a taxi.. . All in all, a nice quiet place (except the air traffic) to retreat to from the insanity and noise of the Strip.
Surprising breath of fresh air in the midst of the Vegas chaos. Once u drive through a gated entry, Signature has its own check in for each tower   Very fast and personal service. Each tower has its own pool. Excellent fitness Center. Easy corridor access to MGM and normal Vegas. Rooms are large and comfortable. Bathrooms are spacious. Very quiet compared to my usual Vegas hotels where doors constantly were slamming and people walking in hallways. Full kitchen. Resort fee includes gym and wifi.
We stayed in one of the Penthouse Suites thanks for a TravelZoo deal and it was great, on the 30th floor, with a balcony, with the view of Wet Republic and the MGM pools.. . Front Desk: the FD agent was pretty quick on the pre-checkin since we got there at 9am and the room was not available until 3pm. It was actually available, we just couldn't get into the room until 3pm. We came back at 3pm and that same FD agent was there and he didn't recognize us and had to ask for the name on the reservation repeatedly.. . Room: 1 bedroom Penthouse Suite with pull out couch. We have 5 girls stay in this room and it worked out perfectly with 2 bathrooms, more than enough space for 5 girls to get ready. The Suite also comes with a small kitchen.. . Pool: MGM pools were great, there are about 8 of them and you'll be sure to find one that has the right crowd for you.. . Food Court: there is a food court in the hotel and it's great that places are open at 2am after you get back from the club
The rooms here were really really nice...fully stocked suite complete with microwave, stove, blender, and coffee maker. Actually finding the place is another story...the signage isnt real clear and I had to first go to the mgm counter to find out I was booked at the signature. I guess in the future I will be more aware of the layout, but new comers be prepared to get a little lost on your way in...
In terms of price and room size, the signature is a no-brainer. You can regularly get 900sqft 1br's for just over $100/night. This coming with full kitchen (with large fridge. Def make a drink/snack run beforehand), two bathrooms, balcony, a king size bed and a pull out queen bed in the main room. Sick. The rooms are modern and have desks, FREE WIFI and adjustable flat screens (make sure to tune to the last channel!). . You can walk to the Wet Republic (although there are 3 pools at The Signature) and the MGM restaurant area in about 5 min using the moving walkways. So, is it on the strip? Nope. But it's mighty close to the MGM. Anything else requires a cab ride. There are plenty of cabs on premises so don't be worried. . . There are 3 towers, each with their own check-in/out, valets and bellhops. Tower one has a Starbucks and a bar lounge, Tower two has an awesome deli and I've yet to venture into tower tre. This is the place to stay if you're looking to catch a good nights sleep while raging in the Vegas.
This place is amazing!  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars.... I wish it had a casino on the bottom floor (the walk to the MGM is painful even with the moving sidewalks, it feels like your walking in an huge airport trying to get to your flight).  I wish it had a place to eat on the bottom floor other than the understaffed plain cafe that they have.  Other than that be prepared to be treated like a star!  You pull up and they valet your car and take all your bags from the trunk of your car to your room.  It is really a country club atmosphere, an expensive over the top country club.  I would go back if I am going to stay a week in Vegas for the full kitchen in the room, but any shorter trip than that I would stay somewhere else.
We have stayed at Signature now for years. We rented a 2bd/3bath, which was fine. Wifi is horrible, let me repeat, horrible. If you have anything Apple, forget about using the wifi completely, yet you still pay the resort fee. . . But, moving on to the pool. No big complaints there unless you want to order a drink. I sat for an hour in 112 degrees, not ONE person came by, however person in front of me helped over and over. Server completely acted as if I was invisible. Then they went around giving out frozen lemonade. I am thinking "finally", nope, walked right past me again and have everyone infront of me the lemonade. Really? She had plenty, even passed out to people in the pool!!. . I got up and asked her why I was ignored. She said I was not in her section ? Really? Are you kidding me? But yet the 6 people infront of me were and the pool? . . Oh, we also have a service dog in training, she wears a vest that clearly states that. Girl at front gate to pool was not wanting to let us into pool area, BIG no no and they really should know better. . . Good resort, just don't expect service at pool, or anything at pool except attitude.
Overall The Signature at MGM was a decent stay. The best part was the rooms- modern, clean, and comfy. I usually struggle to sleep in Vegas with the so called oxygen pumping into rooms, but I did not find this to be an issue with SIgnature, maybe because it's technically slightly off the strip and more of a condo style hotel. Undoubtedly my most restful stay in Las Vegas, out of many, many visits. . . As most Vegas beds are, Signature's are very comfortable, and did not disappoint. Bathroom was nice with the shower & tub, and I was lucky to get a balcony (upon request!). I was extremely excited about a blender for some less pricey frozen drinks for the pool, but unfortunately never even put it to use.. . You will see mixed reviews for the walk required from Signature towers to MGM Grand. It wasn't bad, but I don't mind walking. For those lazy people, you will not want to stay here. I was in tower 3, which is the farthest from MGM & the Strip. It was about a 5 min. walk to the MGM pools and a 7 min walk to the casino, and probably a 10 minute walk to the strip. They do have flat "escalators" to make the walk better.. . The ability to use 5 or 8 or however many MGM pools is a plus, so many pools, lazy rivers and poolside seats to choose from. This was a plus. Someone going #2 in one of the pools and closing down was not a plus, but this is my second time in Vegas (first not at MGM) that this has happened....so maybe it's more common than I think and certainly not the hotels fault! But seriously, how does that even happen? On a side note, Wet Republic is also a plus for the day club partying type...just expect to thrown down some $$. There's also the option of the Signature pools (three of them) but they are a lot more low-key-I did not get a chance to put them to use as I was looking to P-A-R-T-Y for July 4th & my 30th birthday.. . The MGM casino is one of my least favorite on the strip, it does not have much character to it and is outdated, compared to many of the newer casinos. This is not a huge downfall however as you can just walk to any casino nearby and are not stuck with the one you're staying at. I also find this casino to be a bit too smokey for my liking. . . Overall service at the hotel was great. I usually love to stay at a new hotel every time in Vegas so I'm not 100% I'll return, but the main thing that would drag me back was the quality sleep I got at MGM Signature.
Nice hotel,our 2nd time staying here.  Rooms are nice and modern. Casino and the rest of MGM is a little bit of a walk, but not too bad from Tower 1. There's a gym in Towers 1 & 3, enough of everything to get a decent workout.  . . My biggest compliant is the resort fee (extortion fee) of $25.  Stop playing games and just include in the room rate!  What next, a $5 room rate with a $75 bed fee and $45 bathroom fee? Unless the "fee" is optional, don't break it out separately.   . . Wifi in my room was terrible, it worked only sporadically on my ipad.
Nice part of MGM which include many amenities (free use of gym, pool, wifi, etc). This is already a plus since most hotels nowadays require additional fee for everything. This is located in the back of MGM (quite a few ways off, down a boring hallway of bunch of automated walkways), which is inconvenient if you want to take the monorail or walk on the strip. However, it is quiet and more secluded, and the rooms are all very nice; equipped with a mini kitchen with pots/pans, blender, toaster, and utensils. . . I actually really like this hotel, but it is far from everything else. I'd have to consider what I wanted to do in Vegas before I book a room here again; If I wanted to shop and walk the strip, this place is not ideal...but if I were to taxi and go club OR take a relaxing trip where I lay around by the pool, then this is a good choice.
Got a great deal through Amazon Local and Luxury Suites International. Stayed in Tower 2, made the trek to the MGM Grand many times via moving sidewalks. The nice thing is that the walkway ends up right at the MGM pool entrance, adjacent to the spa.. . The Signature vibe is very relaxing, with a gated entrance and valet parking. Funny thing, you can head towards the casino via the walkway OR exit through the front door of any tower...into the hot sun, down a lonely walkway, to a side street with no amenities. Very clever. Always steer the customer towards the gaming tables!!. . You should stay at the Signature for a relaxing change of pace.
Stayed here for a week. . I have been less than thrilled with the $25 per day requirement for the Internet that everyone seems to be charging.... Especially since the Internet only works when you're literally in your room, and not many places... Every time you log on, after you haven't been on for a few minutes, you need to re-accept their terms of service. It got quite annoying.. Overall, a good hotel. Will be staying here again, not necessarily for its bargain prices, but it's location to the convention center.
I got to stay in a 1BR room in Tower 2 with friends for the weekend -- an absolutely great room at that!  It was condo-style, so there was a full kitchen - a much appreciated plus!  We also had two full bathrooms (the master was absolutely huge), a queen size bed and pull-out bed.  . . The only downside to the hotel was the distance we had to walk to get from the self-parking at the MGM Grand to get to the Towers (you basically need to cross the entire hotel and then walk through a long hallway to get to the Signature).  . . It's a good and quiet hotel which is a much needed break from the rest of the Strip - it was great!
This place is good but it's really not where you should be staying if you're visiting Vegas. They're one of the very few gated properties that have a doorman that will ask where you're going before opening the gate for vehicles. There's no pedestrian walkway if you enter through that gate. And PLEASE DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT WALK FROM MGM, it literally takes you 20 minutes to get to Tower 1. Speaking of towers, Tower 3's entrance is closed at night which makes no sense, so you'll have to enter from Tower 2. Not a long walk at all, but why? . . I don't write reviews about how much sunlight you get in your room and yada yada yada. Hey it's Vegas. I'll write about it if there's no sunlight in a room.. . There is no self-parking at The Signature but valet is free like other places. I once parked my car at self-parking at MGM and walked to The Signature. When I headed out again, I was surprised how long the walk really is. When I finally made to the elevator at self-parking, I realized I didn't bring the key, so I walked back. I took a taxi to self-parking at MGM. Yep, that's how ridiculous the distance between MGM and The Signature.
Surprisingly I found this hotel/condo on Craigslist, and although I don't normally recommend this method of vacation rental, it did work out for me. Bluechipvegas.com. We rented the 2 bedroom 3 bath and 2 kitchen condo which was GREAT for our family of 8. Beautiful condo and I would recommend it to anyone that doesn't mind the 10/15 minute walk to the MGM. If you like the convenience of jumping on the elevator and dropping into the casino, this isn't for you. There are 3 towers (#1 closest to MGM) 4 pools ( if you count the MGM pool) available to guests, 2 fitness centers, a deli and a Starbucks.. . Bear in mind that there is NO self park at the signature, valet is mandatory.  There is self park at the MGM, but in my option..... Shell out the $2 you cheap ass.. . Also, there isn't much within WALKING distance of The Signature, rent a car 'cause a taxi will cost you more or heat stroke will get you an express ticket to the ER.. . I wouldn't hesitate staying here again. GREAT customer service, beautiful facility and overall awesome.
Stayed here for my bachelorette party last weekend and had an awesome time. The rooms were very comfy and I loved having a kitchen (late night instant noodle is awesome). Each room comes with a complimentary valet service which was awesome. And since this is technically part of MGM, you can use their pool for free.. . Just a few things to note:. . 1) Do not wait in line at the MGM Grand to check-in, the Signature has a separate front desk. . 2) Do not part at the MGM Grand, it is quite a bit of a walk. . 3) Do not bother paying to get into Wet Republic when you can party at the regular MGM pool which is right next door (you get the awesome music without having to pay for it and the regular pool is not as crowded).. . 4) Housekeeping is not available through the regular channels, apparently they have a separate agency and a 1-800 number for you to call. . 5) The pinball slot machine by near the Wolfgang Puck Restaurant in the MGM is a money machine!!! I turned $3 to $79 (I am not a big gambler so this is HUGE for me). . All-in-all I thought this was a great place to stay, it is close enough to the strip that it is walkable but if you are in heels just forget it and cab it to wherever you are going.
Let me say that I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but the location is the only drawback and knocked it down to four.  Even with the long long walk to MGM via walkways or to Planet Hollywood via street, this place has got so much going for it.  Rooms are gorgeous - spacious, modern, amazing views.  They have small kitchens, so you can stow your leftovers for either a late-night snack or for breakfast (avoiding the MESS that is Vegas for breakfast) and warm them up in the microwave.  The tub was an enormous jacuzzi with a separate glass shower.  If you drive there, the gatehouse will tell you which tower you are in, so both valet and check-in are instant, no lines.  (I waited in line at Mandalay Bay for 30 minutes to check in, don't get me started on the valet line.)  Staff was warm and friendly, but not intrusive.. Lastly, the beds and linens are sooooo comfortable!
I was lucky enough to get two suites for $99 per night (for each) in the week before spring break! (It was the week between the UC's spring break and Cal State spring break.) We stayed for 3 nights, Mon - Thurs.. . The suites were clean, spacious and luxuriously well furnished rooms with a pull out sofa bed and king bed. The bathroom featured both a large jacuzzi tub and separate shower, with two bathrobes in the wardrobe. A feature of the rooms I loved was the alarm clock with iPod dock! The pens and notepads left by the two phones in the room were also high quality.. I didn't get a chance to use the kitchen, which was fully equipped with a toaster, blender, microwave, stove and all the utensils you would have at home. . . Staying in Tower 1, the walk to the Strip wasn't hugely different from what it would have been had we stayed in the MGM Grand (it's only about 5 minutes walk into the main MGM pool/ restaurant area. The walkway had escalator belts like those at the airport to speed it up. In addition I was told that the walk time between each of the Signature towers is only about 30secs, so it wouldn't have made too much of a difference had we stayed  in Tower 3). The hotel features free valet to each of the towers and luggage storage.. . There was a little trouble at check in. Despite requesting the guaranteed early check in when booking over the phone ($20 extra), we were told that in fact we had not been charged for it. We were also not informed that early check in started at 11am (we arrived at 9am). As a result we decided to explore a little before returning to the hotel lobby at 11am to check whether the rooms had been cleaned yet. At 11am the clerk told us the rooms were still not ready, so again we went to casino/ the Strip to kill some time. . By 3pm (regular check in time) we went back to the lobby, were told that cleaning had been done. We checked in, received our keys and proceeded upstairs.... only to find the cleaner still in one of the rooms and telling us that the other hadn't been cleaned yet! . So, slightly tired and irritated (we drove all the way from LA at 4am that morning!) we returned to the lobby, explained the situation. The clerk was courteous and  offered us $50 dining credit as compensation, and informed us that he would rush the cleaning service and call me once it was completed.. In the end our rooms weren't done until 4:30pm, however the quality of the suites soon cheered us up!. . Just a note: the pool in Tower 1 is for 18+, whereas the pools in tower 2 and 3 are 14+. Since I was with my 10yr old brother we went to the Wet Republic (Grand Pool) in MGM instead.. . Overall a luxurious place to stay with a family or as a couple, with all the amenities you need for a great stay in Vegas. I would most definitely stay there again.
Whenever I go to Vegas I like staying at different hotels. The Signature is a nice spot. Condo style suites, clean (big deal to me), staff was friendly, the suites are a good size (it slept 5 girls comfortably), & the beds are comfy. Only four stars because when we asked for more towels one of the nights it took them almost an hour to get us our towels and we all know that one hour wasted in VEGAS girl time is like wasting half the day! Also upon check out time when we called for a bell hop to help us bring down our bags, same thing!! Having to carry my own bags down, hungover, & running on a few hours of sleep wasn't a pleasant experience. I'm not a stickler for the whole customer service thing with hotels; I'm more about the cleanliness & comfortable stay, but I know to others customer service & hospitality is more important so I figured I should just throw it out there.
Came here with a TravelZoo dealand got a suite in Tower 3 on the 30th floor. Great views of the airport, looking at the unmarked white with a red stripe planes taking off for area 51 right now! Pop up TV in the bedroom, another flat screen in the living room, 2 bathrooms, one with a jet stream hot tub, full fridge, microwave, toaster, dish washer and oven, in case you want to cook to save money (j/k if you stay here you don't need to save money). Couch and a long arm chai in the living room, in case you want to bring 2 extra friends in. Walking distance to MGM green hotel, and if you want to sneak in friends it's easier to have them park there and walk here.They have a gate security that will ID every driver and car and sign them in if you want to park here. Nice, clean and over all luxurious suite, nice view from the balcony, complimentary wifi and valet
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite hotels on the strip. . . They tend to have a lot of deals which is nice, so you can get a suite at The Signature for cheaper than you would a room at MGM Grand, yet not only do you double your room size but you also have access to the MGM Grand pools. . . We got a one-bedroom two-bathroom suite which was perfect for the 5 girls that went - having two bathrooms was a serious luxury when it came time for all of us to get ready! The suite was large, comfortable, and had a great view of the MGM pools. We also had a fully stocked kitchen which would be convenient for longer stays.. . The only downfall is that some of the rooms condos that are managed by a separate company - and they like to make things a little different. They will not allow you to check into the room early, even if it was unoccupied the night before, and their separate housekeeping staff closes at 5pm and therefore you cannot get towels or other things after 5pm which is a pain. But we made it work, and they gave us keys to hit the pool until check-in time, so it was not a big issue.. . It is a little bit of a walk to MGM from The Signature, but its nice to be a little bit separated from all of the chaos of the Casino so it is absolutely worth it.
I just spent 6 days at the Signature and I am pretty sure this is my new favorite!. I have stayed at the MGM Grand many times in the past and have always enjoyed it but this was my first here.. . The good: . PRICE!! I went through a suite owner and got a nice suite for about 25% less than a normal hotel room with no resort fees.. Very nice staff and amenities. Starbucks right in the lobby of tower 1. You don't have to trek through the casino unless you really want to. Very short walk to the monorail. . The bad: . It is pretty far away from everything...honestly this is a plus AND a minus in my book. . This place is great if you are here for business or conventions when you don't care about time in the casino's.. 5 minute walk to the Monorail station and a 10 minute walk to the strip are worth it in my book.
Beautiful non-gambling hotel attached to the MGM. We stay here twice a year for 8-11 days. And that for the past few years. So, I dare to say we're regular guests. That means that we also see the changes over the years. And those are not always for the better....... . In this review I only commend the general amenities like the pool, the reception, the overall premises and the valet. We almost alway book the room through Luxury Suites International so you'll find the review of the room and the roomservice there.. . Having said that. Let's review The Signature. In the past we've stayed in Tower 2 and 3, but the last years we always request Tower 1. It's nearer to the MGM (and believe, it's quit a walk) and the pool has better sun hours. Almost all day long you can have a spot in the sun. So you wish....... . But, I don't alway want to sit in the sun. I prefer a parasol because my skin is definitely not used to over 100F. And that seems to be a problem in the last few years. Every year there are less parasols. I regret that deeply. For me it should be obliged by law to provide (free) parasols I've you offer pool amenities. This is Vegas, this is the dessert! We even had one year (about 3-4 years ago) that you had to pay $30 for a parasol. Luckily that stopped with that ridiculous policy.. . So the pool is the only thing I deduct a star for. Mostly because of the parasol issue and besides that because of the paid chairs and cabanas ($75-$200). Maybe because I'm European that I dislike that, but maybe also because I seldom see anybody use them. Like I said, we're here twice a year. Late may/june and late september/october, during the weeks, the weekends and sometimes a holiday and in all those years last may was the first time I saw a party using a cabana. Loose those things and use the parasols and space for other guests. That would be a really nice gesture.. . And in the past (like everything) the pool service was better. More, free parasols, free bottles of water and thicker towels.. . Valet service is excellent. I really like the friendly staff. Fitness facilities are nice. Wifi service depends a little bit on the place you are. But it seems to be better than in the past. And it's a good thing they don't provide free newspapers anymore to all rooms. I believe you can pick up a copy at the front desk. Probably saves a lot of money and trees. All together we would definitely recommend this hotel and I hope to be back in 2014.. . (Note: I'm no native speaker so please forgive any spelling and grammar mistakes.)
I loved that this all-suite property is non-smoking and doesn't require you to walk through a casino to check in to your room yet it's connected to MGM so you have access to all the amenities like casino, restaurants, pools, and other attractions. When the MGM is crazy, you step through the doors of the walkway to the Signature and you are immediately swept away from the hustle and the bustle of Vegas. Loved that! We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 30th floor with a balcony! The elevator was fast and we never had to wait long for it. The staff was very pleasant, the rooms clean, the bed comfy, and the room nicely decorated. I would definitely stay here again!
My boyfriend and i scheduled a trip this past weekend (9/28-9/30) I flew in earlier than he did and i loved how courteous the bell man was, he opened doors and brought water to me while i waited for my ride. i wasn't able to get an early check -in but i was able to leave my luggage while i visited some family. the room was just the perfect size for us. and it had a balcony and it was great to enjoy the view. we stayed in the 3rd tower which i read awful reviews from other yelpers about the walking to MGM and the strip. EHH not too bad. When we walked to the strip we took the back way instead of going through MGM (that was smart) and the first night we partied at Hakassan so not having to pay for taxi that night was awesome!! our room was impeccable after room service and i didn't have someone banging at our door at 11am to remind me about checkout time which is great. After all i will definitely stay here again.
I'm a fan this hidden gem is amazing. It's connected to the main casino. The rooms are like mini apartments. It had a kitchen with a stove, pot and pans & a giant tub. Check it out online. This is where I'm staying next time I'm in Vegas
Ooooh.... almost got five stars, if not for a few hiccups. I was originally supposed to stay at the MGM property, but due to a long story that I do not wish to revisit, I ended up at the Signature. The hotel is really nice and off the beaten path of the Strip. I for one, like the bright lights and craziness of the strip, but if you are craving a little more mellow Vegas experience, you'll love this hotel. My issue was that I was there to partake in festivities entirely in the MGM property and to walk from one hotel to the other is a country mile.  They do have those people movers to help you along (3 of them to be exact) but if you're in Tower 3, it's still a really long walk.  Add long Vegas nights and high heels into the equation and it gets old really fast. Another small issue (which seemed HUGE at the time) was coming back to my room dead tired after a night of debauchery, only to find that my room key had been deactivated.  I had to stomp over to the courtesy phone and it took quite a while for someone to pick up. I mouthed to the person viewing the camera over my head "I am not happy right now."  Now for the good, as stated previously, the hotel is gorgeous, and my room was quite spacious, with a huge bathroom, complete with a ginormous jacuzzi tub, TV to watch as you lounge in said jacuzzi, double sinks, large glass enclosed shower and the toilet in a huge separate closet.  As for the room, pretty comfy bed, couch, coffee table, desk and a large balcony with a view of the strip from a block away.  I didn't take advantage of it, but the room has an electric stove, microwave, mini fridge, dishes, pans and silverware to cook. Everyone I dealt with in person and on the phone was extremely pleasant and went out of their way to please. If you're looking for a plush, classy hotel and you don't mind a lot of walking to and fro, I'd highly recommend The Signature.
This was my third time at the Signature and the experience was wonderful. We like a lot of space and no smoky noisy casino where we stay. The room was very quiet at night,no doors slamming or unattended children running around. We enjoyed eating breakfast in our room and some lunches,it's nice to eat in and it saves a lot of dollars. The housekeeping service was spot on. The walk to the MGM is not that far it's good to get some exercise after eating and drinking.  My only complaint is the noise from the pool area,even in the penthouse it was loud. I would definitely recommend this suite hotel and plan on returning in the future.
Stayed there for the weekend of 10/25 - 10/26 for the Yeezus concert.. . My girlfriend and I got there, and our first room's toilet didn't flush and we found a roach.... . We are very understanding people, and politely called the front desk to report the problem. A staff member named Nate answered the call and was extremely accommodating. The moment he heard our problem he moved us into a room that was slightly bigger and gave us a $50 credit for the resort. . . It's always about HOW the problem is solved, because I get that in life "shit happens" and if it weren't for Nate and his customer service this probably would've been the worst Vegas trip ever...haha. . Thanks Nate and MGM for making sure we were comfortable and quickly taken care of.
It was a spontaneous trip with my friend up here to meet up with his friends for a concert called Sensation. We all met up and stayed here. I wasn't sure of the price but my friend's friend booked it so I am not sure. I stayed at MGM grand before but not at the Signature.  We didn't know where to park so we parked at the MGM grand. Confused as we are, it ended up being such a long walk to the Signature from the MGM. Didn't know that they had valet but then again we didn't want to pay for Valet tips. We got up to our room and it was a really nice room. Not as nice as the double queen suite at the MGM but nice enough that there are no horrible stains and bugs. Good view of the pool of course! Nice bathrooms and TVs throughout. It had a kitchen nook if you wanted to cook anything and had silverware and other essentials as well which is very nice! All in all in felt somewhat smaller and even though it is a really nice hotel/condo, it is quite a ways of walking to everything compared to the casino hotels.  Not really convenient as I would like it to be. Overall, not a bad place to stay and it is however close to the strip. You just have to walk quite a lot if you stay here to the entertainment on the strip!
By far, my favorite of the "monorail hotels" fit for big events at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Strongly recommended for SEMA and CES weeks. It's also closer to the WET Republic pool party, than many of the rooms at MGM Grand.. . + 20 minutes from your *room* to the entrance of LVCC - No taxi lines, no traffic, connected via indoor access. Being the start of the monorail line, you'll always get a seat.. + Nice big rooms, spec'd as studio condos - Mini-kitchen with stove, empty & functional refrigerators (vs. stocked minibars rigged with sensors). + Friendly, responsive staff that don't seem as frazzled as ones at larger properties. + Reasonably priced for the lodging quality. . Probably not the best hotel if you're visiting Las Vegas to:. . - Gamble. It's a residence property without casino, and the MGM casino floor is a long walk away. - Hang out on the strip. It's either a long walk or a taxi ride. . - Smoke. It's a non-smoking property.. . Pro-tips:. . * Tower 1 is closest to the MGM Grand & Monorail. Tower 3 adds 5 minutes of additional walking time. * Rooms facing the airport/WET Republic pool can be LOUD during pool party season. * There's a small sundries shop on the ground level of Tower 1. * Many of the rooms are owned and managed by, and booked through, Luxury Suites International - Be sure to compare rates from both MGM and LSI.. * Traveling solo? Damned if you're going to eat room service -- Consider a counter seat at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon! Super-friendly to solo diners, and for quick eating there's a pre-show dinner course for $48, served until 6:30pm.. * If you must eat in the room, lingering workload and all, Project Pie in The MGM Underground area makes great pizza. (Use monorail pass to shortcut through the station!). * When returning to the hotel via monorail: (1) Consider getting on at Westgate station to avoid the peak-hour crowds; and (2) Be sure to use the absolute rearmost platform exit when arriving at MGM, lest you end up in the shopping mall.
It is a beautiful hotel. The only slight con was the walk to the strip, which we did not really mind unless it was dark outside. We used the bus transportation for most of our commute.
Pretty happy with our stay here. The price was great as was the location. It was nice to be off the strip but still within pretty easy walking distance to all the sights. . . Rooms were clean & nice. The kitchenettes are a nice touch and the bathroom is awesome.. Definitely would stay here again.
I love love love The Signature!! These are condos that are booked out by visitors when they aren't being occupied by its owners. I stayed here for my company's national convention at the MGM plus a little extra playtime since I'm already out here. There are three towers with a walkway that connects to the main MGM. Expect to get some extra cardio in if you're staying in tower 2 or 3 if you intend on going in between the Signature and MGM a lot. That means request tower 1 if you're a lazy mofo.. . I stayed in the one-bedroom suite which had a fully functional kitchen with a real fridge. Not a mini-fridge, a normal-sized fridge for you to fill with enough booze to your heart's content!! It was awesome that after a long night of clubbing, I got to bake some dino nuggets. There are two bathrooms with a shower in each so you don't need to fight over who showers first (you can easily fit two people in the shower though). The couch in the living area is a pull out so I did let somebody crash one of the nights.. . Everyone from the frontdesk staff to housekeepers to the valet guys were exceptional. This is an awesome spot to stay if you don't mind being not directly on the strip. And walking all the way from tower 3 to Hakkasan in sky-high heels, my feet cry in agony just thinking about that.
This was my first trip to Vegas but my husband is a veteran to the experience. I know how particular and refined his tastes are and that I would not be disappointed in any aspect of the trip he planned. I was beyond impressed with the room we had at the The Signature.  Even checking in was delightful. The staff was so friendly and accommodating right off the bat.. . Our room was ready and pristine when we arrived. I loved having the kitchenette even though I never cooked in it. Just having the option is a really nice feature in Vegas. The views are just as great as everyone says they are. We were facing the Crystals at Aria in Tower 2.  I can understand why some people complain about the distance to Tower 2 or 3 but, if you are in relatively good shape the extra 4-5 minutes shouldn't be a big deal. I actually enjoyed the time between the towers and getting to the MGM. I feel like walking the extra distance allowed me some extra cocktail and dessert indulgences without the extra guilt.  . . The overall ambience of the room was contemporary with fine art touches. The recessed lighting, crown molding, and blown glass vases were nice additions. I definitely took advantage of the jetted tub in my room a couple of times also. Bathrooms were nice with a separate shower and w.c. I was a little confused as to why there was no bathroom fan. It got a little stuffy and steamy while showering.. . I must admit, I have a pretty nice bed at home so it's rare that anywhere I stay has one as comfortable. Ditto here but the linens were very soft and there were extra pillows all over the place. The suite was just enormous. It was a great place to relax between gambling and other Vegas activities. I did order room service a couple of times. I guess I should have expected it to take a long time on a Friday night. We ordered a breakfast in one morning as well which was much more prompt. Both times the server was very courteous and the food was pretty good.. . I can't wait to go to Vegas again. Even though my experience was very good, I know that we will stay somewhere else next time. There are so many places to stay! It will have to live up to the standards set for me by the Signature. I would recommend  this hotel.
Real solid 4 stars. Our one bdrm. suite way nicer than the 2 bdrm. suite with pool table at MGM. I personally like the no casino lobby,and yes everything is a long walk, typical just like strip prices
I love this Hotel! I always look for other hotels to stay in because I consider myself adventurous but bang for buck this hotel win's my reservation every time. The Beds are heavenly, from the thread count to the pillow support.. I believe that all rooms have a balcony and if you request strip view and a higher floor, you'll be very happy. The Bathrooms are what this picky well traveled lady always look for. Large jacuzzi tubs that fit two very comfortably.. Black marble duel sinks and excellent amenities. One can have a bubble bath while watching movies. Yes it's a small tv but still.. The service at the signature is excellent. From check in to check out I have nothing but compliments. All rooms come equipped with nice kitchenettes. For sanitary reasons they have a new policy that requires one to request kitchen utensils as needed. When staying at this hotel you get 4 pools. One for each tower and then access to the MGM pool complex. It's a bit of a journey to the MGM and depending on how your legs are feeling it can be a bit much. We just take a cab if we aren't in the mood. They have changed the room service menu over the years. It's not as good as it once was, this and the walk are the only drawbacks. I do hope they extend the menu and refresh it.. I also love the way the whole hotel smells, my favorite scent out of all the hotels. I can't wait to return. Make sure you make use of the hotels free concierge service. I hope this review was helpful. Enjoy your stay :)
We chose to stay at The Signature for my boyfriend's birthday. We booked the One Bedroom Suite which is 950 sq ft and costed us $254 for a night. Although this hotel is not on the strip, it's literally behind MGM Grand & Elara so it's a close walk to the strip. . . This place gives off such a relaxing laidback vibe. When you first drive in, it doesn't even look like Vegas anymore. It looks more like Palm Springs with all these palm trees alongside the driveway. The lobby is gorgeous :) super classy & elegant looking. They also sent us a free bottle of champagne for the bf's bday. Since this place is relatively new, the rooms all look super clean. The hallways could be painted a different color (they were coral & I know in a few years it will start looking ghetto) if I am to nitpick. The furniture & rooms are nothing too fancy,  but it just looked nice since everything is still new. I love that this suite has a full kitchen, a large balcony, and also 2 bathrooms. . . Great for big groups so that people don't need to fight over the bathroom!! One annoying thing though is that they only allow 1 car per room, so if you do come in a large group, everyone else will have to park at MGM Grand and walk over.. . I took off a star because they accidentally charged us an extra $100 more. We thought it would be taken off eventually as the deposit or something, but it turns out that it was a mistake. This part was unprofessional & inconvenient.
My boyfriend and I got a hotel here as our friends were staying in the same hotel... booking through a 3rd party site, we got the hotel for a reasonable price (under $100 excluding resort fees and tax). We checked in right at 3pm (as I read on many reviews they are pretty strict about check in time) which was quick and easy. We got the 1 bedroom suite with a balcony, which was very nice, clean, and pretty. . . The suite included a large bed, a sofa which also served as a sofa bed, a small office/dining table, a kitchenette complete with a mini fridge, dishware and silverware, a large flat screen, a large jacuzzi, a large shower, and a small TV in the bathroom. Even though the suite seems like it had a lot of amenities, the size of the suite seemed like larger king size bedroom. But for the two of us and for the price, it was great. Also, we had a view facing the strip, which was very beautiful at night. . . The towers are connected to MGM Grand, which proved to be quite a walk for my boyfriend and I, well especially for me after clubbing in heels lol.. . Considering the stuff we did in Vegas, I would prefer a place smack dab in the middle of the strip. However, it was a pretty good deal for a hotel suite... great hotel for a great price overall.
I stayed here for 3 nights during the rodeo. I was maybe part of the 5% of guests who weren't there for the rodeo.. . The husband and I stayed in a 1 bedroom balcony suite in Tower 3. I think we ended up with a handicap-accessible room, because there was no jacuzzi. The main bathroom had a large shower with two heads, and the smaller bathroom had some folded-up seat. I thought about complaining and changing rooms, but I saved the complaining for housekeeping. Why? We had some dish soap and paper towels in the kitchen, but nothing else. No dishes, glasses, forks, nothing. We called housekeeping, and left for dinner. When we came back, our kitchen was fully stocked.. . Those two things aside, we really enjoyed our stay. Check-in was quick, and the valet was also pretty fast. The room was huge, and I loved having a full-size fridge. I also really liked that the fitness center had weight machines, and was open 24 hours. The walk from Tower 3 to MGM Grand took about 10 minutes. It also took about 10 minutes to walk from Tower 3 to Planet Hollywood, via Harmon Ave. It's quiet and smoke-free. While I normally like staying closer to the center of the Strip, this Signature's location worked out fine. I'd definitely stay here again... but I'll be sure to get a room with a jacuzzi next time.
