Very good show.  Impressed with the acrobatics and water choreography.   Different than most of the other Cirque shows due to the water element - but the same in terms of quality of story line, acrobatics, humor, choreography and music.  Well worth the time and money.  I highly recommend it!
It's good.. We had section 202 and it was off to the side.. It was quite close to the stage, but maybe a bit too close. . . Anyway, the show itself was very entertaining.  The acrobatic feats were amazing! But then it's to be expected of each cirque du soleil.  . . Many people compare this to Le Reve or vice versa, and to be honest.. i think I enjoyed Le Reve more.  Maybe it depends on which one you go to first? . . I think it'll have to be awhile before I watch it again, but I don't think I will say no. I'm sure there's so much happening that I'll find something new everytime.
Add a circus, subtract the animals, add the amazing swimmers  from the 2008 Olympics, add an elaborate pool, subtract sub par acrobats, add some crazy music and BAM you get the Cirque Du Soleil "O" show.. . I missed 20 minutes of the show and they still let me in... sweet.. . I didn't understand the story if there was one, but throughout the whole show I was thoroughly impressed with the show. It highlighted the possibilities of the human body and creativity. . . I want to say all the seats were good seats as the theater did not seem too big that it would disable some viewers from enjoying the show. However if affordable I would definitely sit in the front sections, definitely makes it more enjoyable.
I want to write the treatments for the events that transpire during a Cirque du Soleil show. Apparently, their staff is at liberty to suggest stunts that require obscene levels of fantasy, whimsy, mortality-testing, and glitter, all of which my little girl heart holds near and dear.. . The script for O is pretty close to something I wrote up years ago actually, when I was 12. In fact, I might check on copyright infringement. Here is a checklist of items O borrowed from my childhood brainstorming.. . 1. All performers will have mutant powers - Check. 2. At some point, there is going to be fire blasting all over the stage - Check. 3. Also there will be tons of water, and people will be making death-defying leaps, spins, and twists in the air before diving at least 40 feet into a below-stage pool - Check. 4. Super-humans will be twirling over the stage, the audience, and the graves of their ancestors - Check. 5. The audience will be made to feel lazy and completely ordinary - Check. 6. The costumes are to be made while the tailors are on a combination of hallucinogens - Check. 7. There must be massive explosions and lightning! - Check. 8. There shouldn't really be a story, just all the genius stuff I already wrote - Check. . You should see O to identify your own kidnapped ideas from days of yore. You probably thought they were foolish, but now Cirque du Soleil is dreaming up crap all the way to the bank. We'll get in on a joint lawsuit.
"0" was simply outstanding.  Cirque on water...in water...above water...marevelous!  This was my second Cirque show and I loved it.  From curtain up to curtain call you become enraptured...choose the cheap sets as you will have a better overall view..trust me our front row seats gave me a crick in the neck.... . ...but that is my only complaint.!
This is the 4th Cirque show that I have seen.  I wouldn't say it was the best, but it certainly would rate #2.  I wouldn't select seats on the floor.  I would go up a level to see everything going on.
Ehhh. I have to say that this is very much the same to another Cirque De Soleil show, Le Reve . Ill say that this show is a bit better, although similar this show doesnt have its whole show in water. Its half and half. Saw some pretty amazing stunts. I can appreciate this one. Id watch it again.
Yay!!  I FINALLYYYYYY got to see this show this past Memorial Day weekend.. . Call casino marketing if you ever are to book at a Vegas hotel b/c they can throw in some extra perks for you.  Not only did I get a good deal on my Aria hotel room, since I booked at an MGM grand hotel, I was able to get a 2 for 1 deal on the O tickets, which is AWESOME b/c O tickets are so damn expensive!!  Total came out to be $165 for me and my bf AND we got to sit in the middle towards the front of the stage.  Great seats!. . WHY ONLY 4 STARS:. -  O had some slow parts...bf didn't want to say it, but I know that he got sleepy during the show.. -  The storyline was a bit confusing, but that may be because there were so many different skits one after the other.. -  Personally, I like Le Reve at the Wynn better, but that may be b/c I had strawberries and champagne during the show.  . . . OVERALL:. I loved the energy of the entire cast...you can really tell that they put their everything into the show.  The whole audience stood up with a standing ovation at the end.  I can't believe they have to perform twice in one night!  They have bodies built like a machine!  The comedic skits with the clowns were funny and the acrobatics, water routines and the gymnastics of the entire cast was just amazing.  I couldn't help but be wowed throughout the show.  If you can get a deal on this show, I recommend watching it at least once when you come to Vegas.
I don't know what I can say about O that hasn't already been said, so I'll just give a few snippets of my experience!. . 1) It's a beautiful show. Seriously stunning. Therefore, the closer you are the more you'll probably enjoy it. While there aren't any bad seats in the house, I was up on the balcony and probably would have gotten more info the show if I was a bit closer. . . 2) I know there's typically a "plot" in every Cirque show, but I think I kind of missed the plot on this one. Don't get me wrong - I loved the show (the acrobatics, incredible feats, etc) but I didn't see much of a story. . . 3) My two favorite acts were the divers and the trio of incredibly flexible Asian ladies. Simply unbelievable and I didn't want to blink and miss anything at all during those performances. . . 4) As others have said - don't be late. O starts off with a a bang and not only is it rude to block guests' views while you're meandering to your seat but you'll likely miss a bit of the opening act. . . 5) When you consider all of the stunning costumes, amazing acrobatics and insync performances it only stuns you more when you realize that these performers are working in *water*.. . Go see O - it's a fabulous show and worth the money. I'd also recommend seeing Ka - it's the only Cirque show I've liked more than O...and that's saying quite a bit!
Alright, I'm nna lie, I wasn't expecting to like this show all that much, but the fiancee really wanted to see it and, of course, I obliged.  Overall, I would say the show was visually appealing, but lacked in the story department.  With all the acrobatics you could easily dismiss that flaw.  At times there seemed to be too much going on at once.. . The show is about 90 minutes long, and doesn't have an intermission.  This production must really rake it in because the prices are quite high, but I guess they had to pay for the shape-shifting pool. . . The Bellagio theater is pretty good as far as theaters go.  Seats are spacious and there is plenty of leg room, unlike some of the ancient theaters on Broadway.. . 4 stars for a great acrobatics show, but would have liked a little more story.
Simply amazing and beautiful... well worth whatever price you choose to pay... we sat third row and saw every nuance in the performer's faces, but honestly I often felt that there was so much to see at once that I would rather have sat further back... the water-based show needs to be seen to be understood... images that still haunt me: the man that sits in a chair, reading a newspaper, on fire... for five minutes, while the show goes on around him... on fire... amazing... then there is the woman who balances on her head... on a swinging trapeze... 30 feet abive the water... again, amazing... or the haunting piano player that slowly sinks into the abyss... only took one star away for the clowns... they are tedious... all in all, see this show... it is the truest expression of the beauty, poetry, and artistry the human mind and body are capable of...
I had extremely high expectation for this show and they were partly met.  I have seen many cirque shows in the past.  We had wonderful seats and this is always helpful.  We were second row center.  Overall, worth seeing if you have the time.. . Pros:. Most unique and amazing stage I have ever seen.. Amazing high dives.. Original fire dancers.. Cool contortionists (though have seen better). . Cons:. Stupid clowns.  Cirque: do some market research.  The clowns are never funny and, in this show, totally annoying.. The show was actually shorter than I expected.  One act.. The action was quite scattered around the stage with certain unimpressive displays distracting from the main act.
WOW! Where to begin. . . was it just me or was everyone else dazed afterwards? Lol I couldn't for the life of me figure out what the theme of this production was, other than it's a water show. There was no rhythm or reason to each of the scenes (like the scuba people), but each scene kept your eyes busy that's for sure. . . My all time favorite were the 3 contortionists and that's all I'm going to say because you just have to see it to believe it! The big boat was exciting, but I don't know, I wanted more flying and swing. The music was good but the musician were in this costume above us and I think they were trying to dress like a ghost? Anyway kind of weirded me out, among other weird dead like props and costumes. If I had to pick one act to see more it would have been the clowns! They were hilarious and I loved the comic relief between all the intense acts. . . By the way even if you brought tickets outside of the splash zone you could still get drizzled on, but nothing to wear a rain coat to. Also these tickets were way more than all the other Cirque du Soleil shows, but not sure if it's really worth it. It was a huge production so I understand why they had to charge as much as they did. But a lot of the acts were just extra because I only have one pair of eyes and I can only process so much at one time and it was a huge stage 8-) Not sure if I would want to see it again, but I'm glad I saw it.
Awesome but almost too much. There were also subtle mistakes that most wouldn't notice but a trained eye caught easily. . But worth seeing
O is all the things you love about the Olympics rolled into 1 show: Diving & gymnatics. And if syncronized swimming and clown acts are your faves, well, added bonus.. . Do yourself a favor and read the website or wikipedia about the show. Almost everyone in my party was confused about what the hell was going on. There's a back story, but not.. . Have ADHD? This show is for you! There are sooooooooooooo many things going on at the same time - I wasn't sure where to focus my attention!. . The auditorium is supposed to be a sort-of replica of an ancient theater. Unfortunately, if you're in the 300 section, row 2 and above, you miss some of the show. The clowns do something down below, I could only see a bit of it without risking falling to my death. Good thing I hate clowns!
I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice, so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info.... . As for O, it is very beautiful, some great stunts. I can't explain why, but there are moments when I was bored. I would NEVER have expected to be bored. I actually thought O would be my favorite b/c I love water shows. But some parts of it dragged on a little. Ironically, I thought Ka would be my least favorite, and it turned out to be my favorite. . . Anyway, it's a great show overall. You should check it out.  Don't sit too close, or you'll strain your neck. And don't sit too far away or it won't be as impressive. I recommend somewhere in the middle.
As everyone pointed out, the choreography, costumes and set were all amazing, probably the best in Vegas. However, being a Cirque du Soleil show, I was expecting more stunts and scenes that blow me away. Unfortunately, that did not happen. I guess I have to see other Cirque du Soleil shows for that. Nevertheless, the O Show blends many theatrical aspects into one very unique, dazzling show.
Wow. This was amazing. A pool of water in the middle of the stage! High divers! Synchronized swimmers! Contorists! . . The only bad thing is that sometimes there would be too many things going on at once and you have no clue where to look.. . Other than that, go!
Great show! The stage is wild! The music is okay... The visuals are nice, but it may not have a straight forward storyline. The clowns were a nice treat
alas, not 5 stars the second time.  it's still great, but it's just not as good the second time.  i think one should only see this show once...and for the love, sit as close as you can to the stage, so you can look at all the incredible outfits.   you cannot be too close to the stage in this theater.  anyway, the performance was AMAZING...go if you haven't!
This was my first show I've ever seen live.  I'm sure I'm not adding anything new.  The Co I worked with told us it was sold out. And the good news was they bought a Block of 300+ tickets in center upper orchestra.  As a reward for the annual meeting.  Talented acts from water to fire with all the wonderment of being a kid and entertained in both sights and sounds in person. Fully worth the hard work and effort. Thanks CDS & Bellagio.
O was the second Cirque show that I have seen. Mystere was the first. Although O is the more elaborate production, I still prefer Mystere. Can't really say why, sorry. O really is a spectacular show. The staging is very complex. One second someone is walking in a couple of inches of water, and all of a sudden someone dives into the same spot and it's a deep pool. I guess you can say they really mess with your mind. I recommend getting a couple of drinks into you in order to take full advantage of the insane staging of this show.  . . As far as the "good for kids", I checked off not sure. Everyone knows their own kids, so you need to determine their maturity level. This show is more adult than Mystere or Love, so if you have kids along and are not sure, you might want to go for one of those. (you can read my reviews on both).
+++++++++++++++++++++SPOILER ALERT++++++++++++++++++++++++. . If you know you are going to visit Vegas and you know a few months in advance, get your tickets asap.  I went through Bellagio website and got great ticks in first row, almost center.  The website will tell you if you are getting "splash" tickets.  We only got sprayed with some mist, but we did almost get hit with a oversize inner-tube getting tossed overboard, lol.  We thought we'd have a souvenir, but one of the nice theater ushers came by and took it away.  . . The clowns:  They start the show about 5 mins before the "show".  Overall I didn't think any of their skits were too funny, except when they "tried" to get a lady in the audience to come up on stage.  The smaller clown was pretty funny getting up on the seat arms trying to drag her up onstage.  Their skits didn't provide as much of a comedy relief as they provided a welcome break from the audio and visual onslaught between the primary acts.  . . As usual my main complaint is that there is way, way, way too much going on onstage during the acts.  You don't know where to look, b/c you are sure to miss something!  I do get tired too of the obligatory contortionist act, their antics just make me cringe with sympathetic pain, tho I am sure they probably aren't in any themselves.  I'm also getting weary of the obligatory going-into-the-audience-to-get-an-unsupecting-patron to come up on stage and get into the act, and said "unsuspecting patron" also pretending to be afraid of climbing the long rope ladder to the diving platform, when of course he is a world class diver and is actually part of the show.    . . I will say that this show interacts more with the audience than other Cirque shows I've been to.  It seems in one act that all the performers are running up or down the audience stairs, and if you are in the right place you may get screamed at by a wedding dress clad lovely, or sprayed with water by the clowns, or one of them may just get up on your seat arms to try to drag you on stage, or you may get winged by a wet inner tube.  . . This show has a little bit of everything, including water in all it's forms (mist, rain, lake, ocean, swamp) and it's counterpart, fire.  As with almost all Cirque shows I've seen there is usually one or two things that don't make sense and I could have done without.  I don't get the wedding dresses, and the scuba divers didn't contribute to the show at all (they show up, they disappear, that's it), if it doesn't move it forward, I say it shouldn't be in it, but that's just MHO.  Ditto the "native" dancer, and ditto the red-coated guys running back and forth over the stage.  Oddly enough the signs did make sense to me in a way, what "world" doesn't have it's version of late night TV shows interrupted by sex call numbers, and the "applause" sign was more of a nod to nostalgia TV when audiences needed to be prompted; these got at least a chuckle from me.  . . Overall this show is beautiful and magical, just the mechanics of the stage floor itself is amazing.  If you are a connoisseur of the body beautiful you will get eye candy overload during all the acts.  Do go.  This show should be on everyone's bucket list (things to do during life before you kick the bucket)!  As for being good for kids, I'm not sure about that.  I wouldn't take my 4yo neice or my 8 yo nephew, but for 12 and up it might be good.
Amazing. Was not bored for one second. Only negative point: there isn't really any storyline. Was in the first row and got splashed a few time (just a little).
I saw Cirque Du Soleil - Ovo (for $80 each!) in Santa Monica California back in February and couldn't wait to see "O".  We paid double the price that we had paid for "Ovo" to see "O". We paid $164 each so expected it to be mind blowing. We had third row seats - a PERFECT view of the stage. . . They had some awesome stunts and it was amazing how the stage constantly changed from liquid to solid. I loved the fact that it was mainly in the water too. Too much acting that wasn't funny though. I paid $160 to see acrobats, contortionists, divers, etc. Not to see clowns prancing around trying to make the audience laugh. In "Ovo" there was so many moments that my mouth was dropped to the floor in amazement. There were only a few in "O". I was so surprised. And the show is only an hour and a half long. "Ovo" was 2 hours and I paid half the price for it. It was just disappointing because I fell in love with Cirque du Soleil after seeing "Ovo" and "O" was not what I thought it would be. Still amazing and entertaining but I thought it would be so much more.. . Theater is BEAUTIFUL. Entrance is BEAUTIFUL with tons of amazing art sculptures. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm gonna try "Ka."
I was too young to appreciate this.  But now thinking back I know it was a great show and the whole ambiance is amazing.  I would go again just to experience the magic again!
We sat on the front row, section 104 seats 1/2 on a Friday 7:30 show. We didn't get wet at all, but a few drops. I made an effort to avoid wearing silk, but I would have been just fine. It was a phenomenal experience! I could see everything just fine, and no neck strain noticed. I was even invited to the edge of the stage and presented a flower by the main male character. Our friends sat in 204, and they mentioned they could see the scuba Divers in the water, but we could not. If that is interesting to you, you may not want to sit in the front.... But i loved being almost IN the action and drama of the Show. . . Wasn't able to adequately follow the story, and that would have made it a 5star experience for me. This was my first CdS show, and I look forward to seeing more in the future.
This show can go either way for whoever watches it. That being said I enjoyed the show very very much. But as others have stated. It does get a bit repetitive. And the clown skits were quite pointless. Oh and the whole bringing in people from the audience to star in the show is stupid. It's obvious they're part of the show. So why bullshit. . . On the other hand. The entire concept of the stage turning into water within seconds blew my mind. The acrobatics were phenomenal. And while there really wasn't much of a story line. It was still a cool show to watch. Tickets can be pricey, even with a discount. But it's worth at least watching once.
Following in the cirque due solei tradition. "O" managed to captivate the audience with its amazing acrobatics with the aquatic twist. Storylinelacked but then again, it was in French. Balcony seating easy okay, just make sure you don't sit immediately by the isle (view may be obstructed). If youve already seen Le Reve (non cirque), dont bother to see this unless you want to complete your cirque du solei show checklist.
Awesometastically fantabulous! Need I say more? . I probably should.. . Thanks to my galpal who was given complimentary tickets up at row M (this is a shoutout to you Sammy!), we were able to enjoy a mind-blowingly spectacular array of ordered chaos. Excuse the paradox. That's exactly how I felt when watching it. There was so much going on, but everything fit right in perfectly. Better than La Reve, in my opinion, quite simply because the music was also done live. You could see the musicians on the side balconies and occasionally the singers would appear on stage. Not a note went wrong, not a leap and landing missed. . . If there was one thing I regretted from that night was the fact that we arrived at the theatre late. When we got there, 20 minutes into the show, we felt like we've already missed a lot and especially after reading what yelpers had to say about the grand opening, I wish we got there on time. Nonetheless, my galpals and I had a blast. One particular part of the show that intrigued me was the high ceiling dive into a such narrow pool. I could only imagine how many times the cast had to rehearse to perfect that part alone. The theatre was grand beyond words and after the show, people are welcome to check out the acrobatic statues as well as the gift shop. My 4th Cirque Show and they still surprised me with something unique and different.
Purchased tickets online before our trip. Picked up at box office. Next time I will spend the extra money and sit at the lower level. We sat in the balcony and missed some of the things in the beginning. A couple of the characterscame out and went through the audience but we couldn't see.. . Overall the show was good.
Saw the show last night and what can I say other than WOW. The performance is outstanding! I very much enjoyed the clowns, the acrobats, and the choreography. The divers were amazing and the synchronized swimmers are great. Costumes were really good and the engineering behind the stage and suspension equipment is one of a kind. A must see show. I advise that if selecting seats in the 200 level and above may be better. We were in section 102, row C and too close to the stage. Our seats allowed us close up views of the performers but there is just too much going on in the performance to be too close. You need to be further away to better see the full spectrum of action and appreciate the complexity of the show. Alternatively, go twice and sit at different levels as I am confident that this is a performance that will not disappoint regardless of the number of times you see it.
Fun and campy (on purpose). If you are willing to take the whole thing lightly you will have a blast. If you have very specific ideas about sex and sexuality you might feel more comfortable elsewhere. . . My group had a blast. Lots of laughs.
Wow.  Wow.  I'm so glad I had a chance to watch this after over a decade of wanting to go.  The show was:. Beautiful. Stunning. Memorizing. Took you to another place and time. It's the Stuff of dreams - packaged up in a water bubble stage. . On the sad note: there was no storyline...  I need some substance when I'm watching.
Just memorizing... the Bellagio is already an amazing hotel, so their theater is nothing short of spectacular. One of the more expensive shows around but the production is the best quality! It leaves you scratching your head asking "how'd they do that?" Haha. I will say unlike zumanity that kept my attention, "o" does have some slow parts to it but its still an amazing show.
This was my second Vegas Cirque show, the first being Ka.. . I think that the water added a very cool "element" (see what I did there?) to the show. However, I felt that there wasn't one solid storyline. It felt more like a greatest hits album. . . Pros: Live singers- VERY cool. The water- I wasn't sure what to expect, but the way the stage opened up to allow different parts to be completely pool like, or just a few feet was unlike anything I've ever seen before.. . Cons: Who brings their CHILDREN to a Cirque show in Vegas??? Also, the ushers didn't bring booster seats into the theatre until AFTER the show had started. For $100+, I expect nothing to hinder my ability to enjoy the show. An usher standing directly in front of me definitely does.. . I can't wait to go back, and see another show.
Insane. Great show, and we had second row! So many fantastical water stunts! Don't miss it.
3.5. . I have been dying to see this show in forever!!!!! Seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows (Iris- love the music but it's ending in week!, Criss Angel--can you even call it Cirque Du Soleil???). . . We've been going to Vegas for the past few years but never got the chance to see it--sold out the last time! So before leaving, I checked Bellagio's website and they had a 15% Internet discount. The website was having some issues so I called. They were great in answering all my questions. I asked her about the seating arrangements and the differences in price. There was no pressure, but she did mention that the front seats would give you a much better view of the stage since there wasn't too many aerial movements and that if I could afford them, I should. With the discount, each ticket ended up being $147 and then with fees, the total was about $ 308. . . Gorgeous, gorgeous stage. Definitely worth sitting up front so you can see how they do the acts.You will be surprised at how they were able to make the stage support each act, as they had a pool under the stage.  . . The show was beautiful, but I wish it had more substance. Maybe a story perhaps? I felt that Iris had that a bit more. At the boat scene was a bit long as well. But i liked it when the clown said "Aye yai yai". Really cute. . . Was the show worth it? Yes. It was a buffet for the eyes. A big, tasty buffet that I can brag to my friends about. But would I see it again? Eh. But my mom loved it so I was a happy camper.
I don't know how Cirque du Soleil keeps topping itself with every show I see, but once again, O, exceeded all my expectations.. . When I first heard there was a show that was set in the water with a special stage that moved and changed levels, I was skeptical.  It sounded so fantastical and pie in the sky, but if anyone could pull that sort of a thing off, it would be Cirque du Soleil.. . And they pulled it off with fantastic style and panache!  From the word "Go," the crowd  was dazzled with high dives, aerial and water-based acrobatics, water rushing in to flood the stage, platforms rising above the torrents, water rushing back out to accommodate other parts ofthe story line and more.. . While this wasn't my favorite Cirque show I've ever seen (that place is currently held by KA), it certainly didn't disappoint by any means.  I'd certainly recommend this show to anyone looking for top-notch entertainment in Las Vegas.
O has a way of making you think that an audience member could actually participate in Cirque du Soleil!  . . When you sit down and the show starts.  They get an audience member to come up to the stage to read the note they're given (pretty much to tell you that cellphones and photographs are not to be taken).  Then the audience member gets thrown into O itself!  And you see that audience member running around on stage, as if they were sucked into the world itself.  That's when you quickly figure out "Oh, that was staged!". . There is another instance where an audience member is staged, but I won't go into the details since it really gives away the amazing details of the show.. . I love how the stage can transform from water to dry (?) floor, or even just a portion of it.  I also enjoyed the tricks and the comedy-act they add in from time to time. . . Highlights of the show:. - Synchronized swimming. - Trapeze. - fire dancing. - high dive. - contortion. - swings (acrobats propelling themselves from these swings). . It was nice, but I am not sure if O is as wonderful as Ka in comparison, both has its pros and cons on which show is more deserving of the #1 Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas.
What a phenomenal production!  Having been a fan of Cirque du Soleil for years, I would say "O" is one of the best shows by the amazing troupe that I've ever watched!!  What makes "O" extraordinary is the water theme as the stage itself is technically a huge pool!  The show consists of diving, synchronized swimming, and other water-based performances,and the performers act and move above, within and on the water!  The stage props and costumes are colorful and beautiful.  Seriously, one must watch the show one's self in order to understand and appreciate how incredible "O" is!
This is my third favorite Cirque show (in Vegas). I've seen it a total of 4 times, which is more than any other Cirque show. It's solely a water stage, though at different times, there'll be an actual stage without the water, but that doesn't last very long. I love the concept of water so this was a must-see for me originally. However, it is kind of overhyped so my two friends weren't too impressed with it afterward. Either way, it's the best selling Cirque show in Vegas still.. . The theater isn't too big and I've sat on the 1st & 2nd levels, but I would like to try the balcony seating one day (hopefully). There is also a section between the 2nd level and the balcony that's called the loggia but you're kind of facing it at an angle because of the seats themselves. That's what I've heard but I've never seen it close enough to tell so *shrugs*.. . Most seats are good but there are what Cirque considers "limited view" seating and it's considered limited view because of the railing that would be in your view during the entire show. However, you'll still be able to enjoy the show for the most part, depending which limited view seating you have. I had a limited view seating, but it hardly bothered me.. . There's not a story (as far as I know) and so each scene is pretty random, I guess. There is a "preshow" so you don't want to be late! Be early! Our favorite 2 clowns will be the preshow and those 2 are pretty awesome. . . Enjoy the show, don't be tired nor too drunk (or you'll probably fall asleep), and clap hard for the artists!
This is my second Cirque show, Mystere being first. . . It is a water based show, very fitting to be in the Bellagio! But the stage moves around so at some points it is a dry stage. . . Shortly after the show starts, be sure to look up! I would have missed it if my friend didn't tap me to let me know (haha oops). If there was a story to the show, I couldn't really tell what it was. . . The costumes, makeup, and performances were amazing to say the least. The section I was sitting in, it was hard to see all the little details, but from what I could tell they were very interesting and some were even kind of like an illusion at some point. It is definitely like a circus without any animals. The acrobatics were pretty cool and it went well with their costumes. . . The music is live, if you look to the boxes by the stage you'll sometimes see the singers and musicians performing! (only when they light the boxes up, sometimes it's dark). . I believe this show is over hyped which was why I took one star away, I saw Mystere first and loved it, comparing the two, I would rather see Mystere again.
Finally got to see O after so many times visiting Vegas. Overall, the show's spectacular just like most Cirque du Soleil shows usually are. O is a water show, and the way they utilized that stage was amazing. My favorite part has to be the performers swinging/flying in and out of the water stage. So much skills within the show... worth every penny.. . My only complaint is that there's so much going all the time on stage to the point where I don't even know what to keep my eyes on.
Impressive show with amazing acrobats, synchronized swimmers, divers and characters performances in and above water. However, there is no story and music is alright. And slow moments when I was bored. Most remarkable act was the three contortionists- magnificent!
Awesome Cirque Show! I was so excited to finally be able to see this show. Loved the water aspect. It's amazing how the human body can move in all of those ways. So talented!!! If you're a Cirque fan you have to see this. :)
Aaaaah! O! So beautiful. Much like KA, this show has a lot of incredible stage things going on, which is what makes most of the show. The music is so fantastic and some of the stunts they do are pretty incredible, but a lot are also very typical of your circus type acts. If you can go in without expecting a plot and seeing the whole thing mostly as a stream of consciousness then you'd enjoy it a bit more. Don't try to make sense of what goes on and why the artists are there doing what they do. Just sit back and immerse yourself in this dreamlike spectacular, because it is really beautiful to watch. I didn't want it to end.. . On the other hand, I wouldn't pay $100 a pop to go see this again. Especially since the cheaper seats (which run at $100) hare mostly obstructed by a railing which makes no sense being there.
I don't want to spoil it for anyone. All I am going to say is.... . -the show keeps you guessing. -has amazing costumes and sets. -never a dull second. -the music is live . -the choreographing is incredible . -before you realize it the hour and a half is up and the show is over.
Took my from-out-of-town friend here for some Vegas shock and awe.  And we were quite in the shock and the awe.  . . I knew we were in for a special treat when we walked into the theater and I could smell the water from behind the curtain.  The stage and theater are specially designed for little surprises and various random things that happen throughout the show (e.g the scuba divers, random dancers in the corners).. . Tip: If you can, go to the 10pm showing.  Tickets are usually 20% cheaper than the 730pm show.  Also avoid the first three rows, which is the splash zone.  Ain't nobody got time for that!. . The only thing I didn't really like about the show was the clown segments.  Although cute and funny, they were quite lengthy.
I was in Vegas for business, just wanted to pick up a show one night and O had inexpensive seats. I really need an experience to move me in order to dole out a 5 star rating. It was a great fun show but not a 5. Loved the water and the fact that it is at the Bellagio really helps also.
I'm finally getting around to checking out these Cirque du Soleil shows. Because c'mon, I'm so over the clubbing nonsense of Vegas and can do Sin City classy.. . Overall, this show is definitely worth checking out once when you come to Vegas.  There are moments in the show that it gets a little too much French-like humor and the outfits here leave ZERO imagination of the performers. I did go "wow" a couple of times throughout the 75 mins show.. . Grab a seat towards the center back of the theatre as they utilize everything in the building. We got seats about 12th row back, so it was just perfect!
Saw O with my girlfriend after eating at the Bellagio Buffet, so I was in a bit of a food coma.  This was my second Cirque show, and while I liked it a lot, I liked my first one better (Zarkana).  The stunts are great, and the choreography and stage designs are beautiful.  The problem is that there was a lack of coherent story to follow.. . I feltthat Zarkana has a couple of things outside of the stunts and gymnastics that added variety, whereas some of the acts during O felt repetative.  The water definitely adds to the excitement in O.. . Comparisons aside, had I not seen Zarkana, I would have thought this was amazing.  From what I understand, its not unusual at all to think that your first Crique show is the best, so I guess its not all that crazy.  I saw Zarkana at Radio City in NY, so while I am assuming its the same show as the one at Aria, I also need to point out that I have not seen any other of the Cirque Vegas shows, so I am in no position to tell you if this is better than Ka or Mystique(?) or Love.  . . You cannot go wrong with seeing O though.  You will enjoy it if you like Cirque du Soleil, and if you've never been to one, this is a great first experience.  As I said, I would probably push Zarkana over O, but seeing O is still money well spent.
Magical!. . Breathtaking and captivating aesthetics; the water element of this show really is well done. Transitions were seamless and the music (live orchestra to the upper left and right of the stage) blended beautifully with the show. There is a lot going on though, so at times it was hard to figure out what to focus on. O was thoroughly entertaining and stimulating, despite there being no story line.. . Seeing a Cirque show is a Vegas must. Looking forward to seeing the others!
I think all the hype might have hurt my enjoyment of this show a bit - and well, I might be one of the few people to say this, but I felt as if the water took away the sense of danger that I get watching these performers do these amazing stunts a lot of the time.. . But hey, the artistry, the costumes, the comedy, and the theatrics are all there. I really enjoyed the show and was captivated for the most part. Sometimes, there's almost too much going on, but no big deal.. . I really thought the artwork and the stage were absolutely amazing.. . One thing that's a bit of a minus is that this is pretty much the most expensive Cirque show in Vegas (which considering the stage, isn't surprising). But it's certainly your choice which show to go see!
Pros: You will never see anything quite like this in your life. . Cons: 20-30 mins too long, no story.
Cirque Du Soleil shows are always amazing, and this one is no different. . . My boyfriend's mom had given us rave reviews of "O" and we had heard many great things about this show online, so we purchased tickets to the 10pm show of "O".. . This showis visually stunning. The combination of water, lights, song and performers was amazing. I was stunned how they show incorporated the moving floor into the deep water. . . I liked the performers of this show -- there were divers, swimmers, dancers, and stunt performers who put me to shame physically wise. I just wish they had more acrobat performances in this show since that is what I go to to see a Cirque show to see. Also, there was so much going on in this show at once that sometimes I got side tracked watching the side performers instead of the main act. That was kind of a bummer. . . I'd recommend this show if you are looking for a different type of Cirque show, but if you are looking for more of an acrobat type show, this one isn't for you!!. . Cheers!
4.5 stars. My favorite Cirque du Soleil show is still Dralion, but man, O was amazing. . . We purchaed 10 tickets in advance, and because I had about 3 elderly people with me, I chose the seats in the third row. I think the older members of my party could see from there better, but I would have definitely preferred to sit farther back to really take in the whole stage. . . The stage is a thing of genius and beauty. It is solid and then "dissolves" into a pool deep enough for divers to dive from the ceiling into. The stage transformed itself so many times, it was fantastic. . . The show was incredible, from the moment that curtains get sucked into the stage and the water is revealed. All of the acts were beautiful -- the aquatic, the aerial, and the "regular" acts that took place on a stage or some kind of platform. . . I saw Le Reve the last time I was in Las Vegas, and to be honest, I was pretty disappointed in Le Reve. In Le Reve, there weren't so many acrobatics or WOW moments in the acts, but O was amazing. It is as if Le Reve is just a cheap knock-off of O - O: David Bowie + Queen's "Under Pressure", Le Reve is Vanilla Ice.... lame. Le Reve is also not affiliated with Cirque du Soleil, which I wish I had known before going to the show. . . As usual, I coudln't really discern a theme other than water in the show, but I was spellbound from beginning to end. Without ruining too much, I would have to say that the fire dancing, divers, and aerialists were my favorite part of the show. . . My least favorite parts were definitely most of the clown acts. I've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows, and their clown interludes were much more cohesive and funnier, but these didn't seem to go anywhere. That's the only minor gripe I have with this production. That and the PRICE of tickets ahahaha. . . This is the hottest Cirque du Soleil show on the Strip, and when you see it, you'll know why. Wow. . . . TIP: You probably don't need to buy expensive seats, unless you had many people with eyesight issues like I did. :)
After Mystere, this is my next favorite.  Very talented performers.  Worth your time and money.
It's a worthwhile Cirque show to see when in Vegas. Lots of cool acrobatics going in and out of the water. The theater is quite small so you can clearly see the main stage from just about everywhere. The clowns on this show are very funny. . Be prepared to walk through the entire casino to get to the ticket counter, the show gets full too.
I'm a big Cirque whore and have seen them all in Vegas except for O and MJ.  O was always on my list but just never got around to it until now.  It's a great show, don't get me wrong.  But in a way, I sabotaged myself because I built it up so much in my head that when I finally saw it I walked away feeling like the tricks and acrobatics weren't any more mind boggling than what I've seen in other Cirques. Regardless, it's an awesome show and I recommend seeing it.  . . Like all Cirque shows, you have no idea what the plot is about nor what they are singing about.  But the costumes, visual, stage and sound effects are artfully done and appealing to the eyes. The big difference between this one and the rest is basically the big body of water as the "stage" for the acrobats to jump and dive into. . . The show seemed shorter than the others just because there is no intermission with this one so they go straight through the 1.5 hours.  The venue is kinda big, in a way there are no bad seats because there are no obstructions blocking your view.  However if you are in the nose bleed seats it may be a bit difficult to see some details.  We had awesome seats in section 104, about 6 or 7 rows from the stage, at around 140 bucks.  This show is probably the most expensive of all the cirques in Vegas.
Great show =) Definitely worth seeing while in Vegas =) I had seats center front, 5 rows back and it was awesome!!!
I was visiting Vegas with my Dad and sister and brother.  For my Dad and sister, it was their first time in Vegas and my brother and I wanted to take them to a Vegas show.. . I had booked suites at the Bellagio and thought that logistically it would be best if we saw something there.  Cirque du Soleil O was an easy choice.  I've seen Cirque's Ka and Zumanity before so I knew they would enjoy it.. . The venue is quite large.  We got mid-range seats since I wasn't quite sure they wanted to see it.  (It was more my idea then theirs)  The venue is quite large and from what I understand some of the less expensive seats have obstructed views.  The show is has a water theme so the the front few rows are in a splash zone.. . The show is very good.  As always the acrobatics are amazing and the stage transforms from a dry surface to a large pool several time throughout the show.  The show is about 2 hours.  I got the tickets online.  Be prepared to wait in a bit of line to pick up your tickets a will call so plan ahead.. . All in all, a great show to see in Vegas although I'd probably recommend seeing it on your first night because I don't care how good the show is,  the 24 hour party in Vegas and lack of sleep will probably have you falling asleep as soon as the lights go down.. . Stay sexy fellow Yelpers!
Beautiful costumes, acrobatics, and music.  I love that they have live music!  The story (is there really one?) lacked a bit for me... but if you just focus on the moves, it is lovely.
So I saw the O show. And this is my first time seeing a Cirque du Soliel show in Vegas. I thought this was aninteresting show. My rating or personal opinion on this show would be a 4 on a scale from 1-5 because I thought it was normal. There wasn't anything major or something I was really shocked about. It's maybe because I watch a lot of televisions and I usually see more rigorous stunts then usual. Overall I think it is a great show with talented performers and an excellent crowd. . . P.S. My seat was 16 Row C Section 103. It was the middle section, 3rd row in front of the stage. Great seat. Splendid view. Right next to the staircase.
