AWESOME! We practically came here right off the plane. (We picked up the rental car and checked into our hotel first.) We were starving because it was dinner time back in Brooklyn and we had flown through lunch. Thank the merciful heavens for the loveliness that is Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crabs. We started with a appetizer-size order of the claws themselves. They were perfectly fresh and sweet.. . I ordered the fried chicken and it was all killer, no filler. You might need a friend to help you finish, though because it must have been half a five pounder. Not that I'm complaining. It was great.. . The bar makes a nice cocktail and the prices are usual for a traditional steakhouse (think $30 entrees). If you want a real treat, Joe's is worth the splurge. We certainly felt like "high rollers".
With over 200 reviews, there's no need for severe detail. You have your pick of reviews and opinions, including the 1 and 2 star anomolies. So outside of raving about the food, and what is usually very organized and pro-steakhouse service, I'd like to talk about two of my favorite things...... . First, this restauraunt, although it's crazy-popular, and located on the strip, is one of the easiest to drive to and park. There's a small driveway at the South end of the forum shops off the strip. You pull in there, hand over your ride to the valet, and just walk into that South end entrance and "wha-lah"... Joe's is right there on your left, across from the "$75 Shave and Haircut Shoppe.". . My second best thing about Joe's? The KEY LIME PIE. I've visited Joe's several times, usually when hosting clients from trade shows in which we're participating. And every time, our small groups will start the ordering with drinks, (or carry them in from the bar). Then we'll order one of the two large seafood layden appetizer trays, a few sides for our entrees, and then steaks and/or more seafood. But after it's all done, there are two more items I look forward to. It's my coffee and a huge slice of their Key Lime Pie! And if anyone thinks they might want a bite, or starts in with, "Oh, I'm so full, I'll just have a bite of yours"... I order another slice for the table. (I don't share! And these "light eaters" are usually first-timers that aren't yet "keylime addicts!"). . At Joe's, with a party of 4, you'll average about $75 to $150 per person with moderate wine choices. The food is very good to great, and the servers are all trained to a very high "prime steakhouse level." I've almost always made reservations, and have always enjoyed the overall experience.
Let's face it.  If you want a steak in Vegas, a seafood place wouldn't be your first pick.  However, Joe's combines the best of both worlds. Made a reservation for a Monday night while attending a conference in Vegas.  The place was crowded.  Seating in the front (outside in the Forum shops), in the middle of the restaurant with the bar, and more intimate dining in the back.  . . Ordered the Caesar salad to start - nothing fancy (which is a tad ironic considering the place is located in Caesars Palace.)  Since the stone crab is so famous, also ordered some to try.  Some roasted corn on the side was a recommendation from the waiter.  And for the main course, a dry-aged bone in rib eye steak.  . . The stone crab was good - not as sweet as I had imagined.  Then again, being from the San Francisco Bay Area, I get spoiled by dungeness crab.  But good nevertheless.  The steak was fantastic!  Cooked perfectly.  Seasoned perfectly.   The bone-in adds so much flavor.  Superb quality.  And the corn was really delicious with a smoky, peppery flavor.    . . To top off the meal, I had to try their key lime pie which someone had said they fly in from Florida.  Not having been to Florida and not sure if this rumor was true, this was still the best key lime pie I've ever tasted.. . Would really love to come back to Joe's someday.  Great experience and excellent food.
I would have given this 3.5 stars, but i will go with the 4 stars. the 3.5 was based on my other parties experience. . . First we had to try the stone crab, so we got two stone crabs and for two is was $22.95. But they were unlike any crab i have ever had, the texture was a little more solid then other crabs and they serve it with this chilled mustard sauce, which is ummmmmmmmmm so good. We even saved the sauce to try it with the petite filet mignon. . . My wife ordered the Filet mignon which i had a bite and it was very good, she ordered it with a creamy horseradish sauce, but combine the mustard and the horseradish sauce together and you have a match made in heaven.. . I ordered the stone crab bisque, which was very rich, but very tasty. . . Since everything is al carte, we ordered the lyonnaise potatoes, which these portions are big enough for 3 to 4 people to share. The potatoes where crispy and the onions on top were cooked to perfection great side.. . Other people in our group ordered the prime bone-in dry aged ribeye, i didn't try it but both people who ordered it didn't like it. But the two people in our group who ordered the Filet Mignon, both loved it.
I was in town for a conference and a group of us ended up here. Food was excellent. Minus one star for the vibe of the staff. From the Maitre d' to the wait staff, their attitudes and demeanor seemed bothered, like everyone was interrupting their day. Their attempts at being gracious, seemed very forced. . Pricing is way expensive, but I guess that's Vegas.
Excellent meal and excellent service the night I went with my date.  Ordered stone crabs and ordered a second helping because they were so good.  Also had salad with bluechees with a delicious vinegarette.  Ordered the Lyonnaise with the carmelized onions on top and the special which was sauteed corn that was soooo sweet.  My date had the filet mignon which was a bit overcooked (hence the 4 stars) but I had the bone-in ribeye which was cooked perfect medium rare with that slight crust on the outside.  Our server was very, very attentive even though he was very busy with a huge 10 top beside us - much appreciated.  Absolutely too stuffed to have dessert but there will be a next time!
One of my favorite restaurants for a nice night out in Vegas. Everything I've had there is delicious, but my favorites are the crab bisque and the pan-roasted sweet corn.  I'm not a huge fan of cold crab, which is how they serve the stone crab, but there are so many great things on the menu that that doesn't really matter. It's always a bit crowded, so I recommend making a reservation.
Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crabs OH MY! We're sure not in California anymore ToTo. A trip to Sin City isn't complete without consuming copious amount of alcohol; pAArtying till the morning; and engulfing steaks and seafood. So when in Rome...or When in Ceasars..Do as the Romans.. . Joe's has it all. Seafood, Steak, Salads, and Pasta. I suggest you skip all of that. Yea. Just throw the menu right back at the waiter and tell him or her.. "LARGE ORDER OF YOUR FRESHEST STONE CRABS with EXTRA DIPPING SAUCE!" . . These aren't the same crabs you see at the buffet. These are like heavenly pieces of crab claws picked from the god. Besides the heavenly Stone Crabs [http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/1cJ626mx183T-jio_OtKRQ/l]. The service here is good, the bread basket is awesome, and this place is DEF worth a try!. . *************. Ryes Notes. *The Surf and Turf was Bleh. *You'll get stuffed with a LARGE order or two LARGE orders of Stone Crabs.. *If you're nice the waiter/tress will give you the recipe for the dipping sauce. I'm hawking the sauce on Ebay right now. Holler at me.
We were sick of being in the Mirage and right next door is the Forum, so we hit this place.. . Very nice place, great ambiance, wonderful service.  Our server was outstanding.. . Here's what I had:. Caesar salad - solid. Lobster Bisque - crazy good. Filet Mignon and crab - very good.  Not the best I've had, but very yummy!. . The sides are family style:. Mashed potatoes - crazy good. Hash browns - very good. Grilled Asparagus - good. Grilled corn - crazy good. . I'm not a dessert person, but I was feeling like I needed just a bit more, so I ordered the apple pie ala mode.  It may have been the best apple pie I've ever had!!!
A table for 9 please.....I made reservations a couple of weeks in advance and we were seated promptly when everyone showed up. It was my aunt's bday and since I'm a "foodie" I picked Joe's. After I made my first appearance here on New Years, I hoped this place would meet the same expectations. Unfortunately it didn't...... . Food: 4.25 Stars. Service: 2.5 Stars. Overall: 3.75 Stars. . Yes, we started off with 14 "select" stone crabs! 14 of them!!!! (120 dollars worth of stone crabs). This was delicious like I remembered.....and that mustardy sauce is so yummy that I could dip anything in it! We also tried the Rockefeller Oyster which I was not that impressed. I didn't taste an oysters what so ever...... . I ordered the Bone In Ribeye this time and I shared it with my dad. I had it cooked Medium. Well, last time I had gotten the filet mignon and let's just say I was a bit disappointed with the steak. It was dry in some parts (basically well done) and it wasn't medium at all. Luckily my dad rather have the steak well done then bloody, so it worked out in his favor. However, I was a really REALLY disappointed about my steak. The Jennie's mashed potatoes made up for it though as well as the garlic Spinach. I didn't get to try the sweet corn, but my aunt thought it was really delicious!. . My other foodmates ordered the fried chicken (heard it wasn't as awesome as KFC's chicken, but he is a teenager), sea bass (they said it wasn't fishy at all and it was really fresh), liver (my Aunt enjoyed it), fish and chips (not sure how my brother felt about it, but he ate most of it), shrimp scampi (my other brother ate all of it so it must have been good or he was just hungry) and my lil sister had the cheeseburger kids meal (pretty decent sized). Overall, I think the food was enjoyable, minus my dry steak.. . Now the service....I understand that when there are large parties gratuity is added on automatically. Since its a "nicer" establishment, you would expect it to have awesome service. Maybe it was just our server because last time we had an awesome server, but at the same time, when we come in and spend 700 plus dollars I think we deserve some good attention. It's not that we were getting HORRIBLE service, we just were neglected. I watched our server attend to other tables (smaller tables) attentively and with us, it just wasn't there. After my dad signed the credit card slip, the server picked up the tab right away. In MY opinion, I think that is a bit rude....why can't they wait the 5 minutes it takes for us to get up and leave and then pick up our tab? Maybe I'm just a cranky woman today, but it doesn't mean I don't love Joe's...I just would ask for a different server. . . Overall, the Havana Dream Pie is to die for and I love their stone crabs. Next time I will stick with the seafood and hopefully my experience will be a better one with the service anyways.
This review is based strictly on the Stone Crab they serve at  this Las Vegas location.  . . Compared to the Joe's Stone Crab at South Beach in Miami, Florida, this place has a lot more room for improvement.  . . The jumbo claws they serve is only as big as the large ones served in the Miami location, and their large stone crab claws may not even pass the medium size test by Miami's standard.. . As for sweetness of the crab claw meat, there is no comparison between the two places.  The location in Miami beats this place hands down.. . All in all, if you really crave for Stone Crab, then you could get yourself a quick fix here, but do not have your expectation set too high if you have already tried those jumbo stone crab claws in Florida.
I am a huge fan of steaks and seafood in general so trying to find a good steak/ seafood place is always kinda hard, I'm not the typical surf n turf kinda gal. And I know what's good and what isn't when it came to steaks also.. . We came here for a birthday dinner. I actually never knew this place existed, then again, there are tons of great places to eat in Vegas. . . I ordered a the filet with lobster tail. I was kind of weary of just the stone crab and I wanted steak. My steak was made exactly as I wanted it, med - rare. And the lobster was just typical lobster, nothing to exciting. We ordered the garlic spinach as a side, delish. . . I would def come here again, maybe try the stone crab. . . Before we were seated we had a couple drinks at the bar, the bartender was amazing, I wish I remembered her name, she made really good wine recs.
Great American seafood powerhouse has its own Vegas location and manages to bring a piece of its magic to Vegas, albiet not in full force like in Florida. Yes the stone crabs are flown in daily and  impeccably fresh, the mustard dipping sauce is delicious and the key lime dangerously sinful. Yet the Vegas location lacks something that their original flagship location just oozes... The loud calamity of hundreds of patrons cracking open claws, rauccous laughter and the glee of large tables feasting and the bustle of waiters and busboys hauling in tons of seafood and platters. The lack of theatrics of its main location, it helps demonstrate how important the fanfare and 'experience' side of dining can sometimes be. There's just something odd about eating their famous $80 stone crabs while seated and looking at people come down the elevator in America's most exspensive mall.All said and done, its great food located on the lower floor of the Forum Shops, and fairly exspensive, though if youre purchasing anything in the Forum Shops to begin with, price probably isnt an issue for you,
We decided to stop in here for a pre-show dinner. This place is easy to get to off the strip since it's on the street level of The Forum Shops near Caesar's Palace. We arrived without a reservation and got seated right away. . . The seafood chopped salad was exceptionally good. The ingredients were fresh and we were able to get in and out quickly. Not really knowing where we were going to eat on the strip this place turned out to be far better than expected.
The only reason I didn't give this an outstanding rating was bc we ordered the stone crab appetizer and we were not impressed. At $23 there was barely any meat and waste of money. Other than that the food was excellent. My husband ordered the bone in filet which was probably one of the best steaks we have ever had. I ordered the potato crusted flounder (I think it was a special that night) and that was very good. We got the mashed potatoes as a side which were very good but didn't compare to the pan roasted corn our server brought us complimentary; it was out of this world. Next time I would skip the appetizer and potatoes as the portions are large. We didn't have any room left for dessert unfortunately bc they sounded delicious.
I ate at this place for a buddy's birthday--it's pricy, especially compared to the stuff I normally eat--but it was really good.. . I'm no seafood expert, but the actual Stone Crab appetizer (it's a bunch of claws!) tastes really great. It tastes... more like crab than regular crab.. . Yeah, uh... So like,  regular crab flavor is like calling it a few times over the week until it finally agreed to meet you at a coffee shop and when it did show up, it was dressed in these gnarly sweats but it's wearing nice perfume. Stone Crab immediately shows up to your house in lingerie on speed dial. I mean, you know. If Stone Crab were an attractive woman and you were a heterosexual dude. Oh yeah, and the mustard sauce you dip the Stone Crab in is the lingerie--it's flavorful and not overtly spicy.. . I also ordered the Seafood Chop Salad, which I really enjoyed. It has all these colors! I don't know why (you can guess, maybe?) but my salad was covered in a good layer of seafood that I couldn't even finish. Sooo... if you like salads and like eating your fill of seafood (and maybe if you're a tiny person like me), get the salad with Joe's vinagrette sauce.
I typically don't care for crab claws, but being at a restaurant where their specialty is stone crab claws, I had to order it. This is the first time I have had stone crab claw but its definitely different in meat texture and flavor than other crab claws. They crack the shell up pretty good and you just have to peel away the shell and eat. The waitress said to just eat it like you would a hard boiled egg.. . Apparently, the fishermen catch these crabs, cut off one of the claws, and then throw them back. The claws grow back and then they later get caught again.. . I do recommend starting off the with some stone crab claws.. . For my entree, I had the petite filet mignon and jumbo Alaskan king crab legs. These were both very good...can't really go wrong with these.. . The creamed spinach was just okay....the pan roasted sweet corn was delicious.
We had a great meal at Joe's.  I've been to the Joe's in Chicago and loved it, so I thought wewould give it a try in Vegas.  I wasn't disappointed.  I started off with a nice Iceburg Wedge salad - absolutely delicious Roquefort dressing, tasty bacon, just the right amount of red onion.  I had the Stone Crabs for dinner, very tasty and fresh.  Others at my table had the crab cake appetizer (excellent, so I was told), and the oysters rockefeller (also very good).  The service was good, though the waiter forgot to bring some wine we ordered.  Desserts were delicious - we had the banana cream pie and the key lime pie. . . Atmosphere was great -  classy, but not pretentious or snobby.  Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Went to Joe's on Tuesday, June 28th with two frends.  We were seated promptly.  We ordered a few glases of wine, an appetizer and a few entrees.  I had blackend scallops with a side of fried green tomatoes, my friends ordered scallops wrapped in bacon and a miso glazed bass.  The bacon wrapped sallops and the miso glazed bass were excellent  - juicy, cooked perfectly.  My scallops..... not so good.. they were smaller and dryer than the bacon wrapped scallops.  The fried green tomoatoes were thick and heavily breaded - almost looked like crab cakes.  For dessert I had banana creme pie - which was excellent! (Had I ordered the fish or scallops I would have had a great meal.)  My three stars is based on previous visits where I ordered to Joe's strenghts as well as the strenghts of my friends dishes.
Did not realize that this was another location of my favorite Miami restaurant. You must have the crab here and do not pass on the key lime pie! This is the key lime pie from which all others should be judged and frankly none can compare.
If you havwnt tried a stone crab this is the place to do it.  If your on vacation or celebrating a special occasion I say go for it.  Prices are high but this is offset by the superior service and extremely fresh seafood.
I had dinner here with my Fiance.  Our server was very attentive and service was great.   I had the stone crab as a meal and it was ok.  I guess I expected it bigger and sweeter.  My fiance had the Filet in bone and that was a lot better than my stone crab.  We also ordered the mashed potato and corn for sides. The corn was really good.  For dessert, we tried the key lime and the banana pie and both were great.
I have been to both Chicago and Las Vegas locations many times and I'm a huge fan of this Lettuce Entertain You concept.. . Great food and the wonderful dry aged ribeye was to die for. The lack of attention by our server was somewhat of a let done.. . He came by to take our order and seemed to be on auto-pilot as he went thru the motions of telling us a liitle about the menu.. . He took our order and their were a few specifics that my wife had instructed for her entree. I don't think he passed on the info to the kitchen. He dropped the food and hadn't offered to refill any of our beverages and we had to tell the busboy of any further needs that we encountered.You would think when ordering a $65.00 steak that there would be concern about how everything was prepared.He did not stop by once as he was pre-occupied by a couple right next to our table!! Now I'm not saying that I need to be served on hand and foot but a little concern about our experience would be warrented.. . Long story short, we summoned the manager who was very helpful and apoligized for the shortcomings and offered us to make the experience better . He lived up to his commitment and I will admit everyone has an off day and all was forgiven. I will be back!! One of the best steakhouses I have encountered and trust me I when I say the Dry aged Ribeye was a memory maker!!
I wanted to bring my boyfriend to a nice dinner for his birthday - he of course wanted to go back to Mastro's but I told him we had to try somewhere new. After leaving Joe's the was happy with this choice and that's all I can ask for since it was his birthday and I wanted to make sure it was special. I on the other hand left unsatisfied but it was my own fault because I didn't order what I actually wanted for my entree. We decided to opt out of getting an appetizer because we never finish our entrees and my main plan was to get the stone crab appetizer and scallops as my entree but because we decided on no appetizer I got the medium stone crab as my entree. Every review talks about the stone crab so I figured we couldn't miss out on trying it. They were really good, the meat was sweet but I do recommend only getting them as an appetizer unless you want a cold entree. My boyfriend of course got the filet mignon and lobster and the filet was cooked perfect and as well as the lobster. And luckily he is a generous person and let me take a few bites of his plate since he could tell I wasn't so happy with mine. . The service was great - once we walked in and gave our names the host right away turned to Cam and wished him a Happy Birthday. We had reservations so we were seated quickly. Drinks were never empty and our table was cleaned before they brought out the birthday cake (that is a huge pet peeve of mine - don't bring out the cake until our table is cleaned off. Nothing like a bunch of dirty empty dishes on the table as we sing happy birthday! Maybe I'm weird but it does bother me.)
Wow, delicious. Our group decided to split everything including: stone crab, crab bisque, king crab legs (we liked that better than the stone crab), corn, mashed potatoes, broccoli and steak and everything was delicious. They prepare all of the crab for you so all you have to do is scoop the meat out. Delicious, definitely on the pricey side, great service.
This is an excellent restaurant. The service was first rate. I enjoyed the stone crabs, lyonnaise, and creamed spinach. It is very close to a 5 star experience, but is sits within the Forum Mall. This is Vegas and things are a little different, just an odd combo having shoppers walk by. My uncle chooses the inside dark booths which may have created a better atmosphere.
yum yum good food a little spendy but when you in Vegas what the hell!!!!!
We ate inside in the more fancy-dancy section & the thing that stood out to me most was the impeccable service.  Our waiter was "Big" something... Big Dave, Big Mike...can't remember - but he gave us a flawless dining experience.  The filet was cooked to my exact specification (between Rare & Medium Rare) ....the fish was light & flaky - accompanied by a brown butter lemon sauce.  Yum.. . I'm taking a star off b/c we went back the next day for lunch & sat in the front, more casual section & were underwhelmed.  I got a cup of crab bisque that was way too salty - & the clam chowder was just "eh" - not to mention, it was the consistency of vegetable soup, not a classic creamy chowder.  ....and the service was just decent.
Service is always great here. I'm not a "chain" kind of person but there are a few that are worth visiting. Joe's Stone Crab is one. The seafood chopped salad is one of my top 10 favorite salads. Its a hand full of Romain lettuce chopped with asparagus, red and yellow bell pepper, hearts of palm, red onion, cucumber, carrots, green onion, celery, cherry tomatoes, topped with shrimp, crab, lobster, avocado and croutons and lightly tossed with a vinaigrette for $13 at lunch. . . I have had the king crab, super yummy, and the crab bisque which they actually serve hot unlike most places.. . Definitely worth a trip!
What can you say about joe's crabs... This what my second time here and I have to admit I was a little disappointed this time. Don't get me wrong the food is great but this time it wasen't as fresh. I say that because when you cook crab and the crab has been dead for a while the crab meat will stick to the inside. Other then that joe's is a great place to eat.
This is hands down one of our favorite lunch spots in Las Vegas.  We just visited last week and had a fantastic meal.. . We started with a bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay and crab claws, and luckily the crabs had just come into season.  They were fresh and sweet and so good.  A little messy, there is really no way to eat stone crab claws elegantly, but worth the mess (and of course, you get a hot towel to clean up afterwards).. . The bread basket at Joe's is always a big hit.  There are soft pretzel sticks, a yummy caramelized onion and cheese roll, some sweet breads, a really good cracker-like flat bread.. . I always get the same thing, it's basically my favorite salad ever.  The seafood chopped salad, with lobster, Alaskan king crab, and shrimp over greens with eggs, celery, hearts of palm, etc, etc, etc... it's amazing.  I always want to try something new, and ultimately can never order anything else. . . My husband usually gets their cheeseburger (I know, cheeseburger at an amazing seafood restaurant?  But it's a great burger), but this time opted for the turkey burger (where did my husband go, and who is this health-conscious imposter?).  He thought it was great, ithad great black pepper spice and a cranberry relish.  Not sure if he liked it more than the regular burger, but he was pleased.. . Joe's is also a great atmosphere.  The service is always great, and whether you sit in the comfy bar area or out in the courtyard, you'll have a great experience.
This restaurant is inside the Forum Shops, located at Caesars Palace.  We came here on a Saturday night, at about 8pm, without a reservation.  The wait was about an hour, so we walked around the Forum Shops to pass time.  The Chilean Sea Bass I ordered was amazing!   It had some kind of soy-ginger glaze and was cooked perfectly.  Everything else was decent, but not great.  If everything was as good as the sea bass, I would give five stars.  The service was good.  White tablecloth type of restaurant and most people were dressed nicely.   My friend had the petite filet and king crab legs.  He enjoyed it but thought it was average.
These stone crabs are expensive as hell.  Its like eating gold from a crab claw.  The meat is sweet and tender.  The shells are very thick.  Never seen anything like it.  $50 for 5 large claws is crazy.  I opted for the select or medium size claws for $36.  You get 6 of them I believe.  Its def worth trying.  The bisque here is super creamy.  If you want fatty thighs like me eat a bowl of this.  It was like eating a bowl full of butter.  YummA.
Joe's Seafood...why had I not dined with you sooner?  Is it because I discounted you for being at the end of the Caesar's Forum shops?  Or is it because I had no idea what Stone Crab was?  Whatever the case may be, I'm sorry it took me so long to find you.. . We started off with the appetizer called the "2nd mortgage" and it was awesome. Lobster, king crab, peeled shrimp and a seafood ceviche.  Oh how I love thee.  Next came our stone aged filet and stone crab (medium sized) entrees accompanied by mashed potatoes topped with an Asiago cheese crust.  Heavenly!  Even the asparagus was cooked to perfection.  . . The service was superb and this is going to be on my must come back to when I'm in Vegas list!  The atmosphere is a little crowded and noisy but who cares about that when the food is so delicious!
just a tid bit of info regarding stone crabs:  peak season for these crabs is october to may.  the claws are hand picked and the rest of the crab is tossed back into the ocean so that the claws can regenerate and be reharvested during the next season.  AWESOME! . . i ordered the stone crab lunch special (5 medium claws, hash browns, cole slaw, and key lime pie) and the calamari.  The calamari was delish! always a good appetizer!  at first, i was unsure if the stone crabs would fill me up bcuz i have an unusually large appetite.   after the appetizer, bread, crab, and dessert, i was stuffed!  the crab had such goodflavor and did not need any sauces.  the hash browns and cole slaw were mediocre but who goes to this restaurant for hash browns and cole slaw?!  the 2nd best part of my meal was the key lime pie! LOVEEEEEEE!
Grilled seafood platter and stone crab legs.. . Thoroughly enjoyed the food. One of my better meals in Vegas.. . Recommend making reservations for dinner. Get's crowded.. . Service is a little slow.
Great times we had! great food, wonderful service! Crab legs were fricking awesome...... Thanks Team Joe
Great dining experience. The mahimahi literally melted away as it was eaten. Fantastic flavor. Would highly recommend.
The original Joe's Stone Crab is in South Beach Miami. There was only one of them and as far back as the 1990's it was nearly impossible to get a table. They didn't take reservations and it was at least an hour to 2 hour wait for a table. It didn't matter what your celeb status or fame was. You waited in line just like everyone else. . Except for me thankfully. A distant cousin of mine used to be the Captain of that restaurant. The Captain is basically the main host and in charge of the staff. . I ate there many many times whenever I would visit and Joe would even give me a box of some stone crabs packed on ice to fly back home which was NYC back then.. My friends and I would feast as soon as I got home...LOL... . . The reviews I've read sound like it's the same ownership group or a very very good copy cat of the original. . The original Joe's was famous for the Key Lime Pie, crab cakes and other items mentioned in some of the reviews. . I will have to check this place out for myself as I'm only living here 3 weeks now.. The original was always a 5 star rating and I would very very rarely rate any restaurant with 5 stars except for perhaps Peter Lugers in Brooklyn. Gosh....I so badly wish there was one here.
Very good.... The stone crab wasn't quite as good as I remember the original in miami and my steak was a bit over salted. But overall everyone in our party of 8 was very pleased w their meal
My wife and I were looking for a nice dinner after the Michael Jackson Immortal Show in Vegas....thought this place would work nicely. This was my 2nd stint at this place (1st time was w/my boys for my bachelor party), I must say this place does not disappoint. For appetizers I started with the Stone Crab (Their Famous for) and Crab Cakes, both were pretty delicious. ordered the 20 oz bone-in ribeye w/garlic creamed spinach and hash browns. Their service is superior, if you're looking for a meal that will do the job, here it is, lol there's only 2 of these in the U.S. One in Vegas and the other is where else....MIAMI.
Food was good and fresh. The stone crab was sweeeet.
There once was a businessman who walked into a restaurant and asked "Do you serve crabs here?"  The waitress replied  " We serve anyone!". . OK, bad joke, but I needed an intro to catch your attention!. . My wife and I have dined at the original Joe's in Miami for dinner, so while in Vegas we decided to try their lunch.  For the money, you get a better value during lunch.  For $26 you can chose the "classic lunch" including 5 medium sized claws, Joe's homemade slaw, mountain of hash browns, and key lime pie for dessert.
4.5 stars. . I had dinner here on Sunday (1/22/12).  I made a reservation for 4 PM and was seated promptly.  I was asked by the maitre d' for my choice of watching football or watching people.  When I chose football, he showed me to a high top table in the front of the bar area.  Directly in front of me was a flat screen with the 49ers/Giants game.  During commercials, I could look out to the patio in the Forum Shoppes and people watch.. . Since I chose this early time, the menu given me was the lunch menu.  I was told I could order from the dinner menu if I wanted, but the server didn't go to get a dinner menu.  It was just as well.. . I ordered a cup of Stone Crab Bisque, the 12 ounce New York Strip Steak, and an individual portion of sauteed garlic spinach as my side.  For dessert, I got a half portion of their Peanut Butter Pie with hot fudge.. . The soup was quite good.  The cup was just the right size.  The steak was superb!  It was charred on both sides and very rare inside--just as I ordered.  With it, they brought a small container of seasonings--ground salt, dried garlic, and other spices--to add to the steak.  It was great!!  The garlic spinach was also excellent.  Finally, the server told me that they had half-sized portions of dessert.  That's what I got, and it was more than enough to finish the meal.. . Two reasons for the 1/2 star deduction from a full five.  One, since it was lunch, I guess, the bread selection wasn't a selection.  I was brought 2 small rolls, something I could buy in any grocery section.  That was quite disappointing.  Also, I waited about 10 minutes before the server first came to talk to me about ordering.  Since I was in no hurry, and I was watching the game, this was no problem.  Still, someone should have stopped by to assure me my server would be along.  It was busy, but not that busy.
November 2011 -Service good, steak great, and crab even better. If you got the $$$ then this is a good place to try out, make sure you make your reservations.
On our visit 10/15/11.  Being in the middle of the mall area of Caesars can make it a bit noisy. We were seated in the back away from the noise but it was freezing in there so we decided to move out front to at least be comfortable. The food made up for it though. You can't go wrong ordering the crab here. Both the claws and cakes were very good. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm sure I'll be back.
Just as good as the one in Chicago.  It is located in the forum shops on the first floor. There were very long lines to get in so have a reservation.  The menu is amazing...we have both king and stone crab for an appetizer.  I don't know which one I preferred, so I kept eating to decide.  Surf and turf for main course...delicious!  I had the grilled tomatoes which I love...do save room for key lime pie and the chocolate banana pie. Even the spoonful of each is a nice finish to the meal.
Had dinner here on a Monday evening.. Walked up at 7pm and it was a 2 hour wait for the "restaurant" section, and was advised to try the "bar/casual" area.... where we were sat immediately.. Same menu... Same food....No wait.. . Happy to see that you can get a sandwich or salad... not just steak or crab.. And... they had steaks starting at $25.... which on the strip is pretty hard to do at a nice restaurant.  So, this was a happy surprise.  . . Started with Bread... good bread too.  :). . Then we tarted with stone crab as an appetizer.  I was surprised at how sweet these were.  They serve it with a cream dipping sauce which is totally not needed as the crab is good on its own.. . I had Bacon wrapped Scallops for dinner.  Something about bacon and scallops.... a great combo.  The scallops were tender and grilled nicely.. . The husband had the special Stripe Bass which was moist and flavorful, and topped with yummy mushrooms.. . Our friends each had a steak cooked perfectly to their order.  They looked really good and they both said they were really good.. . For sides, we got the Mac n Cheese, Potatoes Lyonnaisse, Mashed Potatoes, Broccolini.. The Mac n Cheese was more creamy than cheesy.. I like the Potatoes Lyonnaisse better than the Mashed.... the Lyon one came with carmelized onions on top of cubed, hash brown like potatoes.. Broccolini was nice and crunchy which is how I like my veggies so this was perfect for me.. . Service was good... our water glasses were refilled regularly.. Sitting in the bar area was nice since you got to people watch or watch a game on one of their TVs.. . For 4 people... plus a bottle of wine, our total before tip was $295.  In Vegas, on the strip... for a nice steak/seafood dinner..to me that is reasonable.  I may be jaded but I like to eat out and try different places so I'm glad we went here.. . (Note, this is not.... IMO... the best steak place but this is a really solid steak / seafood restaurant.  Would be a really good place for business lunch or people wanting a nice dinner but may be a bit price sensitive.)
Surf and turf FTW!!!. . I love how you can pretty much create your own dish with the waiter. I got me some surf and turf with 3 large stone crab and a petite filet. The filet was good, not great. The stone crab is wonderful and fresh, but what really makes it is the mustard sauce it's served with.. . We also had:. - Oysters - Tiny tiny oysters but really good. I could eat them all day.. - Lyonnaise potatoes - BOMB! It's a big pile of hashed browns topped with delicious caramelized onions.. - Creamed spinach - Yum yum!. - Broccolini - Thumbs up!
If you are in vegas and would like some good seafood i would recommend coming here  We started out with the large stone crab appetizer which was delicious. It tasted very fresh.   The complimentary bread basket was so yummy. My favorite was the one with the cranberries and nuts in it. I had to asked for more.  For my entree I ordered the Chilean sea bass. The fish was cooked perfectly. Others at the table ordered steaks. They said it was good. Overall service was very attentive and food was good. Definitely will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
We went to Joe's in Chicago last October and loved it!  We were happy to find there was one on the West coast.  One of the reasons why our evening was so memorable there was because we had a wonderful waiter.  On planning our trip to Las Vegas, we immediately made reservations at Joe's.  Unfortunately our experience wasn't the same because of our waitress.  I noticed the table next to us had a waiter very similar to our Chicago one in that he explained so much to the diners.  The food was  still delicious though!
This meal was the big surprise of our trip. I thought it would be a casual dinner to kick off our first night in Vegas. We only saw the outer part of the restaurant, which was part of the Caesar Forum Mall. But when we were ushered into the main dining room was when we realized this was a fine dining establishment.. . We just HAD to try the Stone Crab Claws, their claim to fame. However, at $10+ for each delectable claw, we thought they were a tad overpriced. Would come back for their lunch special though.. . The single Crab Cake was also pricey, but one of the best we've ever tasted. The top value was definitely the Surf and Turf dinner, consisting of two Maine Lobster Tails and a Petite Filet for $55. We like this dish here even better than the one at Maestro's Newport Coast!  The Lobster was tender and the Filet gave Del Frisco a run for the money.. . Service was old school and elegant.  We felt like the servers were part of the Miami Mafia, but in a good way!  Will definitely return next time in Vegas.
What we expected to be a quick jaunt from Bellagio to the Forum Shops at Caesar's was anything but. Hubby and I had discussed well before we left for Las Vegas that we would try new restaurants this trip which meant skipping Joe's, but as we sashayed through the doors of the Forum Shops, there was Joe's smack dab in front of us, and he was calling our name . . . we thought there was no way on a Friday night without reservations we would get in without a long wait, but we looked at each other, each of us with puppy dog eyes, imploring each other to break the rule we already made and try to get into Joe's. Amazingly enough, they had availability for two in the back dining room in an hour which meant shopping a little longer than expected, but we were entirely grateful for the extra time to spend more money! Ha!. . We really didn't have to look at the menu. We knew that a plate of select stone crabs was in order. As many others have said, they come in sizes from small to large and then "select". We always get the select. We are never disappointed. The stone crabs, meaty and succulent, are the star, but the mustard sauce is the kicker. Oh how I love that sauce . . . so much so that when I ordered the jumbo shrimp cocktail as my meal, I asked for the mustard sauce instead of the cocktail sauce. Hubby had the Chilean sea bass. It was the best we've ever had in any restaurant. We also ordered the four cheese mac and cheese which was so delectable and creamy. As an aside, you could pick any item from their list of sides and be thoroughly entranced.. . Atmosphere at Joe's runs the gamut and can please just about anyone. They have the "outside" patio which provides a casual experience and is perfect for people-watching. Just about everyone who walks into the Forum Shops from Las Vegas Boulevard walks past you. There is the bar room and can watch your favorite game while you drink, dine and root for the home team. And then, my favorite, the back dining room which reminds me of an old Italian steakhouse where your servers are dressed in tuxes and provide some of the best service in Las Vegas. I love the maitre d at the entrance to the back room. Even if he doesn't recognize you, he pretends he does!  That's a real art!
We came here for a work dinner, and it was the best crab I've ever had. Hands down. Ever. Granted, I've only had supermarket crab before, so there hasn't been much other competition in my life, but.... . I still dream about it. The crab claws. I prefer the Stone Crab over the others I tried, but seriously, it was all extremely fresh. . . The restaurant slices them open for you, so all you need is that lil' fork to gut the gorgeous insides. And there was so much of it. So very much. . . Bread basket atthe beginning was also delicious. . . And the pies. Glorious pies. My fav was the Havana Dream Pie. . . Our server was lovely. And entertaining. . . Score.
First time a Joes! The food was good but nothing blew me away! I had the stone crabs, oysters on the half shell and madagascar shrimp. The service was awkward but good.
Awesome, went there while at CES this week. The food was great, had the Mahi Mahi and a friend had the NY Steak. My Mahi Mahi was very moist and delicious, my friend's Steak was very good. There were four of us and we ordered only 2 side dishes the Mashed Potato and Sauteed Garlic spinach, both were yummmiii...the side dishes are large, so we had some left over. For dessert we ordered the Banana Pie, it was delicious, we were licking the bottom of the plate...hahahah .. Have fun...oh yeah we had a bottle of Chardonnay great selection with the food...
Excellent service, great food, Alaskan King crab legs were huge and pre-cut lighting at our table made reading the menu difficult but excellent overall experience
This is, of course, an off-shoot of the famed Joe's Stone Crab of Miami Beach, FL. I had the pleasure of eating at the original establishment twice and the experience remains part of the rush I get whenever I ponder the concept of  "fine dining.". . The Las Vegas location is exceptional. The dining areas are upscale white table-clothed spaces with a clubby feel. You can go with a jacket or without and fit right in.. . I had the famed stone crab for an appetizer. It was good, but I may have experienced a little chalky flavor/consistency at the extreme tips of the claws. I would attribute this to the fact that the height of stone crab season is January/February and I had my visit in April (frozen?).. . For the entree I had salmon drizzled with a maple glaze that jumped off the menu at me immediately. (I never would have thought of maple on salmon). It was very interesting - and good - with the salmon cooked medium (perfect). The table shared hash browns (for which Joe's is also known - and rightly so) and corn. . . Service was up to the standard you would expect. The staff is friendly, helpful and efficient.. . This place is a little pricey - perfect for a special occasion (or expense account).
Ok I should preface all my reviews I am super critical. Important to have nice atmosphere outstanding food and great service all at a reasonable price.. . The concierge at the Wynn recommended this restaurant. Excellent choice. Restaurant located in the Cesar hotel complex. Taxi driver dropped off directly in front of restaurant. . . The maitre de was expecting me. Thank you concierge. I think I got better service because of it. Yes I did give him $10 to say thanks for looking after me.. . Originally they were going to set me in the mall area but I declined and they moved me to the bar area.  I just did not want to sit next to a table with a couple of rough guys in tank tops. Come on this is an upscale restaurant. How about a collared shirt.. . Ok menu is diverse lots to choose from. I could not make up my mind so I ordered the fishermans platter. Great suggestion by waitress Laurie.  You can get it grilled or fried  i was naughty  went for the fried option  i enjoyed  it  Crab bisque soup interesting needed a bit of salt and pepper. . . Bottom line would I go back maybe so many places to explore here in Vegas   You won't go wrong here
I ate here on my last night in Vegas and more or less enjoyed it. I felt really classy walking in with a t-shirt and bright red cargo shorts, but I'll be damned if I walk around the desert heat in pants.. . We had to get the stone crab appetizer since it's in the damned NAME of the place, even though I did not like the ~26 dollar price at all. For that money, you get two fairly big claws, pre-cracked and served with Joe's sauce (not that kind, but the mustard kind). The crab tasted very good, and if you can afford it, then good for you and GIVE ME MONEY.. . The stone crab bisque was extremely delicious - not too thick, and very savory. Maybe a bit too savory, but I'm someone who can't drink non-lowsodium veggie juice, so take that comment with a grain of salt HIYOOOO.. . I dined on pretzel-crusted arctic char with tarragon remoulade. Sounds fancy, I thought, but in reality it's just pretzel-crusted salmon with a nice tartar-like sauce. It still tasted good, although the fish was cooked a little rarer than I like.. Le girlfriend had the fisherman's platter, which was a grilled combination of shrimp, scallops, octopus, and squid. The seafood was cooked well (except the squid was a tad chewy), and decently flavored.. . Additionally, we had a side of "Joe's grilled tomatoes." Naturally, I thought that they were just ....grilled tomatoes. But they came out, and it turns out the slices are topped with some sort of spinach puree and AMERICAN CHEESE. EWW. A description of that crap on the menu would have been helpful.. . Would have loved to try the key lime pie, but we didn't dessert it up so we could have time to savor our last night in Vegas.. If you know what I mean ;)
I've passed by Joe's plenty of times on my many expeditions through the Forum Shops.  It wasn't until I saw a segment on the Travel Channel about stone crabs that I took interest in the restaurant.  When stone crabs are caught, one claw is torn off and the crab thrown back in the ocean.  It's mean but stone crabs have the ability to grow back their claw in about 12 to 24 months.. . Three friends and I dined here on a Saturday night at 7pm for our friend's birthday.  The restaurant is more than what meets the eye, there's also a back room with a good amount of seating.  I'm not sure if it's for reservations only but making reservations is always suggested.. . APPETIZERS:. *Oysters Rockefeller (4 pieces/order) - Okay.  Though the oyster shells were good size, the oysters were small and the creamy mixture overpowered the dish.. *Stone Crabs - You can't dine here and NOT order the crabs.  I though the crabs were delicious.  They were a bit on the sweet side and tasted perfect with the accompanied special mustard sauce.  The only downer was that it seemed the claws were cracked too much making it tougher to eat trying to pick out the tiny shells.  Do note: stone crabs are more expensive than your normal crab and will cost up to $10/claw depending on how you order (you can order medium, large, or select).. *BLT Wedge Salad - Good, but bacon makes everything taste better.  Our waiter was nice enough to split the salads so it could end up on each side of the table to be shared.  The salad consisted of blue cheese, onions, tomatoes, bacon, and topped off with a vinaigrette dressing.. .  ENTREE:. *Veal Cutlets "Oscar Style" - Pass, I should've stuck to seafood.  The dish was comprised of two small veal cutlets which were breaded and fried, then sprinkled with crabmeat and chopped asparagus, and then doused with a hollandaise sauce.  The main reason this dish failed with me was the overcooked veal cutlets.  The crabmeat was deliciously sweet and the hollandaise sauce helped with the dryness of the veal.  . . SIDES:. *Garlic Creamed Spinach - Delicious!  The dish was creamy and full of flavor.  I thought the garlic would be chopped into the spinach, but garlic cloves were cooked on top of the dish.  . *Sugar Snap Peas - Good and extremely fresh.  The peas were had a nice sweet crisp to them.. . SERVICE:. Good and extremely professional.
Two words: Stone crab. Best crab I've ever tasted.. . This Joe's is loud - our party of 10 was seated in the main dining room, which essentially does not permit for group conversation - was able to speak with immediate tablemates only. Excellent people watching - the bank set dines here. Fantastic service - server didn't miss a beat despite a few obnoxious members in our party - kudos to her.. . Steaks and sides didn't disappoint - had the petite 8 oz filet mignon. Sides are meant for sharing - offers sweet potato in 3 different preparations, spinach in 3 preparations. Broccolini and green beans amandine are excellent steak complements. For non-steak diners, Joe's offers a decent fish selection as well, including mahi mahi, Salmon, halibut, Chilean sea bass, ahi tuna.. . Come here for the stone crab.
Purpose of visit: group dinner for the boys on a boys trip. Obviously the stone crabs are a must to order but wanted to mention a few other things that were amazing. The private room they arranged for a party of 14 was perfect. A bit separate and away from the main part of the restaurant but was a great place for the group to really enjoy themselves and not overwhelm other diners. Service was top notch as they seem to have two dedicated servers for our room. Now on to the food. We ordered seafood towers for appetizers which we highly recommend. It allows everyone to try a little bit of clams, stone crabs, king crabs and oysters. The main courses were good portions and inthey made sure we had enough sides for everyone. German bacon, sauteed spinach, mashed potatoes, all were ordered. We ordered a few bottles of red. All told the cost was extremely reasonable. I would highly recommend this place as an alternative to steak shrines we often go to as part of the guys weekend.
Good meal but our reservation was more than 30 minutes late.  That's tough!. . Started with a caesar and it was good.  I had the bone in filet and it was very good, maybe not super great as I was hoping for, but very good nonetheless.  Wife had fish and chips and these were excellent.. . Service, once seated was terrific.  Both server and assistant had lots of personality.. . On previous visits we sat "outside" which was nice.  This time we were in the main room.  The booth was nice but it was the generic steakhouse ambiance.
Such a fun place to be! Located inside the new part of The Forum Shoppes at Caesar's place, this place is so much fun to be at and dine at. We sat in the bar/lounge area and was not disappointed at all. We had a reservation but when we arrived they were about 15 minutes behind so we decided to sit at the bar. . . I will admit, the two Hosts really need to work together and better their communication skills. . . What did we eat, too much! We ended up sharing a ceviche, crab bisque, crab cake, BLT wedge salad, Joe's scallops and the copper river salmon. The BLT was best. It was so good, I went back the next day for lunch with my friend and had it again. I love salads and I love it even more when the lettuce is crisp and all the ingredients are fresh. All of our food was delicious and the vibe there again was fun and young. The bartenders were great and I love a staff the can provide an environment when you can be yourself and also know you're in a fine dining establishment. Great job Joe's!. . Ha, I saved dessert for last :) Joe's has some kicking pie too. Yes, pies. Please try and save room for the blueberry pies. And when you're lucky, they'll have a rhubarb pie that is so refreshing and such a fabulous way to end your meal :). . Happy eating!
We booked a table and arrived earlier and they managed to sit us inside which is a more intimate atmosphere. The food was delicious and the service was present without being too much pressure on anything. One of the best dinner experiences. We had the starter of seafood whoch was very fresh and as main dish the different cuts od meat whioch all of them were very well grilled. Definiteley a place to come back!
The fried chicken is excellent and do not leave without trying the pie....If you are full from dinner be sure to get some to go!
We went to Joes on our recent Vegas vacation with 4 other friends.  We wanted a place that was good but not too crazy expensive (ie less than $200 a person.).   The ambiance was nice for Vegas and we had a great night service wise.. . We started with the Caesar salad, stone crab bisque, and the stone crab appetizer.  The salad and the bisque were not notch!  Thinking about the soup makes me want to go back!  The crab claw was good but I felt like it was a little overpriced.  I get that it's Vegas but still.  For the entree my husband did the filet mignon and I did the scallops (I don't eat red meat).  The filet was the perfect size given all sour starters and smash husband thought it was cooked well.  My scallops were goodbut very rich.  Beware that they are battered and then pan fried.  I'm not used to the battered part.  The portion was huge and I just couldn't get through it.  For sides the table got the creamed spinachs, hash browns, and a seasonal corn dish.  I woud order all of them again.  Some of our friends opted for the Filet/lobster combo for dinner.  While they loved the filets, they did not rave about the lobster.  My recommendation would be to skip the lobster and get more sides.
I've always seen this restaurant while shopping in the forum shops.. After a recommendation from a worker at LV, we ecided to give it a try.. . The service: the staff were very professional and knew the menu backwards and forwards. They knew what to recommend, and they were right. . The food: Crab cakes for appetizer - ding ding ding! delicious, and not at all fishy.. Then came the salad : delicious and fresh! I've tried several of their salads, and I have yet to be disappointed. The bisque is fail-proof as well. . Then, the pasta. It was cooked to perfection and was seasoned well. . . I have yet to dry dessert from here.. I always end up stuffing myself with the entrees, that by the time dessert menu rolls around... I am ready to roll around and go to bed. LOL
Great atmosphere. Fair food. Nothing like Miami location.
Look lady, I have money... I don't know why you keep making us feel uncomfortable about spending it.. . I am referring to our waitress who fell into the trap of thinking we couldn't afford the meal at hand. Her explanation of what would be ideal to order was a bit confusing. I did appreciate the story of the restaurant though.. . A pretty nifty bread basket comes out before the meal started. We had decided to share the large stone crabs which was enough for 3-4 bites per person (total 5 people). Soon after, our entrees (I got the bone-in ribeye) came out with the delicious sides. The hands down favorite of the table had to have been the garlic spinach which had roasted pieces of garlic on top. The mac and cheese and the fries were good as well. Beware of the salt condiment that comes out with the steak, if you make the mistake of adding just a bit more than you need, your steak can end up like a salt lick.. . I'd probably skip over the stone crabs and try their other thing they are known for (Alaskan king crab) and share my steak along with some sides the next time around. In any case, I enjoyed what I ate.
The steak & lobster dinner was awesome! I also had a bite of the bacon wrapped scallops, excellent.. . Great service with a fine dinning atmosphere.
First stop during Restaurant Week 2012 was Joe's Seafood. The place has an old-school atmosphere and a menu full of classic dishes. And, of course, their specialty... stone crabs. We got an order of stone crabs to start. They're cracked before coming to the table, which makes it easy to dig in and eat. There wasn't a ton of meat, but the meat that was there was tender and succulent. Just don't expect it to be as sweet as king crabs or snow crabs.. . I dove into the RW menu after that starting with a bowl of stone lobster bisque with plenty of flavor and a slight kick. The tiny bits of celery added a variation in texture that was refreshing. It came in a large bowl that would have been good enough to share. . . The 8oz filet was lightly seasoned, very tender, and slightly undercooked. The quality of the prime beef was evident, but it lacked the finishing touches that would have made it exceptional.. . Sides of "Jennie's mashed potatoes" and steamed asparagus were brought for the table. The cheesy and chunky potatoes were a nice variation of the classic side and the breadcrumbs on top were an added bonus. The asparagus were standard. Nothing special, but I guess you have to have some green on your plate, right?. . For dessert, I went with Joe's signature key lime pie. I love key lime pies in any form, so this one satisfied my craving. It was far from perfect, though. Too tart and a thick and uneven crust... maybe Joe should take hi name off of this dessert. I also tried my wife's dessert -- the peppermint ice cream with hot fudge. Pretty good and had me thinking about candy canes a few months too soon.
My husband and I celebrated our 1 year anniversary here. We weren't sure where to eat with all the restaurants in Vegas. It needed to be close to the Bellagio since we had to catch a show and I wanted fish, so we settled on Joe's. . . There are all sorts of flashy restaurants in Vegas, but what's nice about Joe's is it's classy. It's a classy fish and steak house with great service and food. I had the parmesan halibut and my husband a steak with a shared side of broccolini. I could tell the fish was fresh. The parm was a little overpowering, but I scrapped a bit of it off and it was still quite good. And the steak was melt in your mouth. . . Did I mention the service? It was great. We had told them it was our anniversary the day before and they treated us to free champagne. Then the waiter and other staff congratulated us. And the server was always there just when we needed him - not to much, not to little. . . We topped it off with delicious pie. Both the pumpkin and key lime were heavenly. We couldn't decide so they gave us a half slice each - perfect!
An excellent meal, you pay for that meal, but it IS excellent.  Make sure to get the larger crab as otherwise you're doing a lot of work for a little bit of payoff.  The Bisque is really amazing.  Bone in Filet isn't something you commonly see, but there's is pretty awesome.
I really enjoyed the prime rib (med rare) it was delicious and the also the mashed potatoes are very good. Service is very friendly and the food didn't take too long to get the the table. I would recommend this restaurant to family and friends
I took some clients here after hearing about the legendary stone crab claws. Our server Laura was AMAZING, she had great recommendations accommodated some special requests and truly engaged us in the experience setting up jokes for us and finishing jokes we pitched to her. . . We had an order of stone crab claws and king crab legs for the table to share. Call me crazy but I didn't see what all the fuss is about the stone crab. In our collective opinion the king crab legs were far more delectable than the stone crab. The stone crab was ok, just not as good as the king crab.. . I had the seafood feast grilled (I hate ruining good seafood with breading) which was really good. Upon Laura's recommendation we had the sweet corn and several other sides. The mushrooms and sweet corn were the best sides in my opinion. And just in case you are afraid of the sweet in sweet corn, the corn itself is sweet but it is grilled and seasoned so you get a perfect balance of sweet and savory. Others at the table ordered the rib eye and a filet, both of which looked like perfectly cooked pieces of meat, and both men reported that his steak was among the best he had ever eaten in his life.. . This is an expensive meal but the service and the quality of food here justify the price. Come prepared for a luxurious dining experience!
I recently frequented Joe's with a small group of other Las Vegas' Yelpers right at the start of Stone Crab season.. . We have a great meal with a really nice server.  Catching Joe's at the start of the season was definitely a good move.  I have been once before and the Stone Crab was not as fresh tasting as it was the night us Yelpers stopped in.. . I would also like to point out the Alaskan King Crab that the table shared.  Those were some of the most amazing crab legs I have had in a long, long time.  You could tell they were flown in less than 24 hours before and right off the boat.  I was in crab heaven. . . Lastly, for starters...I'd recommend you get the Seafood Salad. (...and a dirty Goose martini on the rocks with stuffed olives.)  Delicious! . . ps...stay away if you are on a budget.  You could lose your money on a craps table in Caesars or just throw down and have a great meal at Joe's.
Service was first class and the food was very good.  Of course, I had the stone crab!
I went to Joe's for the first time on Dec 1, 2012 and it was Ahhhhmazing!!! (Or amazing for the grammar freaks). I ordered the fishermas platter and my guy friend who I went to dinner with ordered the fish and chips; both dishes were delicious! The fishermans platter/plate offered a great variety of items which included cod fillet, calamari, shrimp, and scallops. I had them grill my scallops and fish and boy did they do it just right. The calamari and shrimp I requested to be fried, together they gave me life!!!  I cannot wait to go back here, more so, bring some people and treat them. . . We also ordered two sides: Mac and cheese (yum) and skillet fried corn (even more yummy). All in all it was worth every sent, a mid pricy place but I was more than satisfied.I'm itching for more as I type. Didnt get around to the desserts but they do offer a nice selection of them. For me, the "sweet" highlight of the meal was when the guy I'd been dating for 5 mos formally asked me to be his girlfriend. Joe's now has a place in my heart and tummy, and without a doubt pocket book :). . Go! It's a cool spot, with a lovely ambiance to share with friends, family, or business partners. And if you're concerned about the dress code I saw people there with sneakers on so there you have it.
Great atmosphere. Stone Crab is to die for. Excellent Steak selection. Right inside the Caesars Forum Shops at the valet. Very convenient (aside from driving on the strip). Highly recommend!
We've been coming to Joe's Stone Crab for years.  Every menu item is excellent, but a few are worth mentioning.  The stone crabs are fantastic, WHEN IN SEASON.  When they aren't in season, they are frozen, and the decline in quality can't be overstated.  . . On more than one occasion, we have skipped seafood and had burgers.  The burgers are highly recommend, particularly when you add blue cheese.  They don't always have mac n cheese, but when they do it's a very good representation of this dish.  The shrimp cocktail are huge and the sauce is fantastic.  Good bar, nice beer and liquor selection. . . For dinner, I recommend reservations.  Even lunch can take awhile at this place due to its popularity.
OMG!!! I loved everything I ate and everything I drank. They had stoli elite, so that was a plus. . . Started off with stone crab claws and king crab legs for our appies. . . I had the surf and turf, which was so wonderfully delicious! Had to be the BEST filet i've had in a long time, cooked to perfection medium rare. . . Can't wait till I'm back in Vegas to eat there again!. . On another note, the staff there that we interacted with were super professional and honest. . . A table across from us, a rather large party asked our waitress to take a picture of them. She accidently dropped the camera. The manager came right over and offered to reimburse them for the camera without hesitation!. . Food and service was incredible, this restaurant is definitley worth coming back to.
Fresh Stone Crabs anyone?. . In my opinion, this restaurants is excellent and very consistent and I was happy with the quality. The servers are always very professional, and I enjoy to being served by them. I will be coming back here again and highly recommend that you take this restaurant into consideration for your next meal out.
We enjoyed lunch here this week and thought our server Trish was very pleasant and  friendly.  We only have one suggestion when ordering the Alaskan King Crab it is automatically served chilled, we recommend that they inform the guest of how it's served by the chef and perhaps offer the option of having it steamed or chilled.  Our preference is servedwarm, not a big deal, however it's always nice to have a choice.  :)  We'll be back
I would give 5 stars, but on my 5th visit,  the service has gone down the drain,  not as attentive as before... Joe, if you're reading this, you need to improve
had their dry-aged bone-in ribeye steak (medium rare) charred on the outside, tender and perfectly cooked inside w/sauteed garlic spinach, green beans, and creamed spinach on the side. did not give 5 stars because i tried my friends regular bone-in ribeye and we couldnt tell the difference between the two, except the price is $15 dollars more for the dry-aged steak..service was excellent and yes i will dine in this restaurant again  :-)
The food was very good.  We did not have the stone crab but the crab cakes we good.  I don't think you can go wrong with this restaurant but it is a little pricey for just a quick meal.  It is a great place for a special occasion if you do not mind the cost.  It is well worth it though.
The crab claws are delicious, but oh my goodness they are expensive. Just like many classic steak houses, this place has good old fashioned service with good, expensive food. Unlike classic steak houses, the dishes at this place are kind of unique and interesting. I had a seafood salad that was very unique with lots of different types of seafood and even hearts of palm. . The complimentary bread basket is delicious.
No other crab legs have come anywhere close to the Alaskan King crab legs we had at Joe's. I'm still thinking about them, and that was easily 6 months ago. No, not the stone crab claws they are famous for, but good old Alaskan King crab legs. . . We started out being seated by a very sweet Maitre D, but he sat us in the back corner, in the outside patio of the restaurant, just separated by a small gate to the Forum Shops. Luckily, the foot traffic was a bit light, so we were able to enjoy dinner with minimal gawking.  . . Joe's is a traditional seafood/steak house, with high quality food, and high, high prices. But hey, it's Vegas, and why not.  . . We started off with a bottle of wine, the house bread, and the appetizer order of the stone crab claws.  This is what they are famous for.  The app came with 2 crab claws, and if I remember correctly, the app cost $20. Yeah, that's right, $10 per crab claw.  Was it worth it?  NO. I was not impressed.  I thought they were small, and lacked flavor. Next time, we'll pass.. . For our entree, we went for a full order of the Alaskan King crab legs.  Initially, we thought that just the crab legs wasn't going to be satisfying enough for the 2 of us, so we ordered 2 sides as well: the decadent mac and cheese, and the pan roasted sweet corn. . . The crab legs were nothing short of amazing.  Hand cracked at the table by our server, there was minimal work on our part.  No bib, no flying shells, no weird nutcracking utensils.  We easily had about 8 of the thickest crab legs I've ever had and they were delicious.  . . The sides on the other hand, well, they were so so.  The mac and cheese had much to much cheese and not enough pasta, and lacked flavor.  The sweet corn was served off the cob, tossed in butter.  It was great and a nice contrast to the rich mac and cheese.  I would order that again for sure. . . Our servers were attentive and sweet, and provided excellent service. . . I'm dying to go back for the crab legs alone.  You can keep the claws.
Pretty good really.. . Had the 22oz lobster tail and garlic creamed spinach.  Good stuff and well worth the price.. . Service was a little uneven but not bad.. . I'd go back again.
It was very good but not excellent - they did not have the biggest sizes of claws so it was a bit disappointing. I'd call ahead next time.  Also, they tried to recommend some other type of crab claw (but the name on the outside says 'Stone Crab' ...).
Joe's Prime Steaks and Stone Crab in the new Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace is awesome!. . The stone crab is incredible! We ordered 4 large for two people and they were fresh! The sauce on the side is really good on the crab meat.  But they are good on their own as well.  All of our dishes were extraordinary. The seafood is fresh and the prime steaks are delectable. . . For appetizers we had Shrimp De Jonghe (Extra large shrimp roasted in seasonings) , Fried fisherman's platter (enough for 2 but too much for one) and Caesar's Salad. Dinner was even better. . . PROS:  . Stone Crab (Large). Bone in Filet  (mouthwatering. Tempura Fried Lobster Tails (came with 2 tails dipped in a very light tempura batter served with a sweet sauce). . Ribeye Steak. Peanut butter cheesecake with chocolate sauce and crust. . . If you are torn between seafood and steak, Joe's is your place for both. . . If you drive to Caesar's Palace there is valet parking right at the front door of Joe's from the new Forum Shop entrance. If you are taking a cab, tell the driver to drop you off there or you will walk a long way from the Forum Shop entrance by the casino.. . . The location is in the newest wing of the Forum Shops. They have patio seating (inside the mall) and a huge beautiful restuarant with dark woods giving it a classic contemporary look. I reccomend sitting on the patio for great people watching.
Pricey, but the crab cakes and stuffed mushrooms are toooo dieeee forrrrr.
Wonderful ambience, good service and great food. Because of its great location on the strip..its always busy and can be a little bit noisy. But so are most of the good restaurants on the strip especially when there is a big convention in town.
Not as good as the original in Miami but the food is still good. The jumbo stone crabs, hash browns, and key lime pie are the best.
Food is not too bad at all. bit pricey but it is a fancy place. stone crab claws was excellent. the menu was great. Just as you would go to a fancy steak house in nyc.. service was excellent as well.
By far one of my fav dining establishments in Vegas.  I come here every time I'm in town.  Real nice place without being over pretentious.  Its pretty casual spot but id suggest dressin up a lil.. . Great friendly service, and in beautiful dining room.  Prices are standard for the quality food you're getting.  Def try the Ribeye, its worth the 50 bux.  We also had spinach side which was solid as well.  Also, key lime pie is delicious if you still have room to eat.  . . Overall, had great time here.  Prices were not out of control.  Def must stop by if in Vegas.
Amazing service and delicious banana cream pie. The pie is so worth coming here. Had the seaa bass with miso but too sweet for my taste. Stone crab was ok.
My wife and I ate here this past weekend. It was quite possibly, the best steak that I have had in many years. It was cooked perfectly and was tender, juicy and flavorful. My wife, on the other hand, had a somewhat mixed experience, with the stone crabs. They were very good, but they had "over" cracked them. There were minute pieces of shell, that had been embedded in the meat, making every bite, an adventure. Other tahn that, she enjoyed them. We laso shared a chopped salad and the mac and cheese, and finished with the key lime pie. All in all, a very enjoyable meal.
I would call it a 4.5 star. It's not quite a five star restaurant but it's close. Table was ready at the exact time of our reservation which is always nice.  Great waiter and fabulous bus boy.  Service was quick but not rushed feeling. Prices are reasonable for what you get. We had the jumbo stone crab and enjoyed them. Very meaty and easy to eat. We also had a few side dishes. Asparagus and hash browns with grilled onions were both excellent.  Nice wine list as well.
I came to a sudden realization as I was enjoying my first highly-anticipated, eagerly awaited meal at Joe's - I don't like crab as much as I thought I did.  . . By the time I was 1/2 way through the huge king crab legs and the rock crab claws, I had enough.  Both were really good but I reached a point where I lost the savory satisfaction and just wanted to finish it because it was so expensive.  Don't get me wrong, the first bite of the meaty king crab legs was exquisite but in the middle of the second leg, I think I was done.  . . The rock crab legs are a lot firmer than I expected (like it had been frozen) but it was also tasty.  I thought the king crab legs were better though.  . . The mustard sauce is not as good as it is made out to be.  It was really disappointing so I stuck with the drawn butter.  . . The service was excellent.
A group of 10 of us came here for dinner during the week on a last-minute reservation.  They were very accommodating. Ambience in the dining room is nice but nothing special.. . Appetizers: We had crab, oysters and calamari at the table.  I didn't eat the first two (not my thing) but others said crab was good, not mind-blowing.  The calamari was fantastic, no chewiness and cocktail sauce was great.  . . Main course:  I had grilled halibut steak, which was absolutely kickass; cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, and HUGE. I could barely eat half of it.  Others had parmesan halibut (she loved it) Mahi (he liked it very much) and steak (she loved it). . . Sides:  Everything here shined.  Roasted corn was BOMB, green beans were perfect, and their signature mashed taters with crunchy topping were great.  Why I don't make my mashed potatoes with a crunchy topping I don't know. . . Dessert:  we each had a few bites of their tres-leches-like cake (not sure what the actual name was) with a caramel sauce on top which I could've eaten two servings of.  We also tried their key lime pie, which was good, but not out-of-this-world or anything.. . Overall, very good experience and I would definitely go back!
I came here expecting Joe's Crab Shack (you know that crappy chain).  My expectations were extremely low.  . . Their stone crab offering was pitiful I guess.  From San Diego, I can goto the docks and pickup stone crab for $2.50 per stone crab, and I eat the whole thing (not just the big claw).  Here they were essentially charging $5 per claw, and that's it.  . . So ignoring the ridiculous stone crab, we ate this family style.  We came with a party of 10.  We ordered a few 24oz dry aged rib eyes which were very tasty.  They pre-sliced them into strips for us which was great for sharing. . . We ordered enough King Crab legs for everyone to get a leg and some knuckles.  . . We ordered pretty much 1 of every side, along with some pork belly, shrimps and scallops.  We made quite a dent.  Someone had gotten lucky at the tables and paid for dinner, but I'm going to guess we spent about $100/head, and the food was great and we all left extremely stuffed. . . They comped us some free spring onions, which were also pretty tasty :). . . From everything we tried, I'd definitely recommend the dry aged rib eye (although you can get good steak almost everywhere on the strip these days.. I'm not gonna lie and say their steak was better than what you could have gotten at CraftSteak, Carnevino, Cut, Delmonico, Prime, etc...) and the king crab was good.  For the sides, I wasn't a huge fan of the fried asparagus, but I did enjoy the spring onions and broccolini. . . I guess this place would be close to a 3.5 to me, but I'm bumping it up because I had a great time.
I'd say this place is a 3.5 but i guess i'll round up.. . The service was excellent and so was the food.. . Overall the seafood was fresh and I would imagine most everything on the menu would be a safe bet.  Personally i'd avoid the non seafood items since this place is called Joe's SEAFOOD Prime Steak & Stone Crab.. . We just ordered a single large crab claw to try it (it's really pricey like 5-7 bucks for one claw).   I have to say that it was delicious though, and it makes me wish I was rich and could just order a giant tub of the claws and go to town.  :P
Requested and were given "patio" dining though this year the restaurant was not too busy.. . Started with the very good bread basket.  Had a Caesar salad which was typically good though not great.. . For entree'smy wife had the fish taco's and thought they were exceptional.  I had the bone in Filet medium rare and really thought it was good.  I don't find this cut anywhere else so I look forward to it and wasn't disappointed.  We had the mashed potatoes as well.  They were good but not special.. . Service was very good.
Pros. King Crab legs were really great. They crack them at the table for you and one order is a lot so I would share between 2 people. Very meaty. It's served cold which was different than what I'm used to, but it was still great. It says market price but it was $79 last night and I couldn't tell you the poundage, but we also ordered scallops, shrimp cocktail and a cup of soup, all to share, and couldn't finish the crab! . The scallops were very delicate and melt in your mouth yummy. One did have some sand in it, crunch crunch, but I guess that's expected sometimes. . . The lobster bisque was delish! We shared it, it's very rich but yummy. Would be awesome on a rainy day (still good with 115 degrees outside) . . If there has to be a con... The shrimp cocktail was really really good.., but each shrimp is basically $4 each! But fresh, cold and meaty. Haha funny I'm ok spending $80 on crab but not $16 for shrimp. . . Maybe I watch too many Gordon Ramsay shows, but I agree that the tuxedo attire for wait staff is a little funeral home. Our server was super sweet and very great at her job though. A little stuffy overall but elegant. . . Service was fast and friendly, we would go back if we're wanting great seafood and paying for it ($140 before a tip for 1 soup, 1 shrimp cocktail, 1 order scallops, 1 order king crab legs) the bread basket was amazing too!! Carb heaven!
Awwww this was a great place to stop and have lunch after a day of shopping.  Best Louie salad I've ever had.  YUM YUM YUM!!!  Unfortunately I want in the mood to crack open crab legs so I picked the Louie salad instead.  Check them out if you're in the area and need to rest after shopping.
I'd say my group ordered almost everything on the menu!  We walked out of there stuffed to the max that our stomachs were hurting.. . Our dinner started out with complimentary bread, which came in different types.  They were delicious.  We ordered other items such as Roasted Sweet Corn (bomb!), hash browns (can never go wrong w/ potatoes), Lyonnaise (bomb!), four cheese mac & cheese (okay), stone crab (I like seafood, but not a huge fan of this).  I also ordered the shrimp and scallop ceviche because I love ceviches, but I wasn't sure if I should order it because they only taste good by authentic Mexican restaurants.  But because it was a fancy restaurant I went for it.  In the end, I was disappointed...never again.  The shrimp and scallop tasted like shrimp and scallop alright.  It had a hint of lemon on it and lame junk.  They made it worse by serving it with the cheap salt crackers!  What happened to the tostatas?? Fail
Best stone crab in the US? Probably. I have had crab a lot of places and never been disappointed with Joe's. It a great place for a group meal in Las Vegas, order a bunch of food and pass and share. Excellent service both times I have been here. They have great combo platters for a starter be sure to give it a try. I can't comment on the steaks or other foods because why would you bother if your at Joe's....have the damm crab. :)
My boyfriend and I came here for a fancy dinner while in Vegas. We made reservations a few days in advance and were seated within 5 minutes once we got to the restaurant. . . This is a pretty fancy restaurant, but it was well deserved for both of us!. . I ordered the Stone Crabs, Red Wine and my boyfriend and I split the Corn and Mashed Potatoes. My boyfriend ordered the Steak. I LOVED my Crabs. Oh my goodness, so good! Melt in your mouth good to be exact! The Corn was equally as good, where as the Mashed Potatoes fell below par. My Wine was great too. My boyfriend said his Steak wasn't as good as he hoped, considering how much he paid for it. . . The staff where wonderful and helpful. They made me feel comfortable as I made a mess while eating my Crab! Thanks for that Joe's Staff!! . . Overall, I loved this place! I would come back here again if we are willing to drop 200+ bucks for dinner. . . Cheers!!
Very good service. The food Is good. Their's a lunch special menu which you can ask for with reasonable prices.  Wine very good, bread excellent. You need to have a large  bankroll to really enjoy. Stone crabs are great , crab cakes great. Deserts good.
Jennies potatoes are amazing!
amazing food good prices.....I never had stone crab its amazing !
Joe's is a crustacean-murderers dream come true.  Tucked away into a deep and distant corner of the Forum mall is an 'old school'-feeling restaurant which throws down massive crab claws on your plate for appropriately high prices.  I have been two times, and haven't strayed beyond the crab, fried green tomatoes, and more crab.  Maybe I had a soup on my first visit, but if I did it was a mistake as it took up room better used on crab!. . My first visit featured stone crab, my second was rock crab I think, whatever- I'm not sure I know the difference, and both were simply amazing portions of robust claws.  Most recently my 5 claw portion was so hefty I struggled to knock the $50ish entree out.  These weren't grimy crab dishes where you are doing lots of work on small obscure parts of the crab's back, hip, or spindly legs, etc- but instead these are BIG picture-perfect claws (only), pre-cracked, and filled with delicious meat.   . . I'm sure the other offerings are great, but I can get a steak many places, and the fish entrees were not so unique to catch my attention.  But come and eat crab, and I'm sure you will leave a happy camper.  I'll be back sooner or later.
If you're looking to treat yourself, or someone special -- this is a great place to make an impression. The service is top, and the food was terrific! Again, if your a little tight on the wallet this should be a treat where you're expecting things to be a bit pricy. . . I suggest what they're known for -- steaks and stone crab.
great food.  dt
This place is TO DIE FOR! . My boyfriend and I made a reservation here for our anniversary. When I called to make the reservation the woman who helped me was so delightful, it made us excited for our visit! . The only reason I left off one star was because the night of our visit, we were running a little late, I called to inform them just so we wouldn't lose our reservation & since I am in the restaurant business, I know its a nice courtesy so they can plan for other reservations. When I called and spoke to the Maitre d , he seemed flustered. When I told him we apologized for us being late. He said, "Just get here when you get here and we'll figure it out." He was abrupt and quite cold. I was kind of thrown off guard, and when we finally got there, when we approached the host stand, no one even looked at us for a good minute or two, they were busy having conversations amongst themselves. . Even though we weren't too happy with that,  we were seated right away, they brought over champaign to celebrate our Anniversary! We were soooo ecstatic and very grateful. Our server was SO knowledgable and very understanding when we took a while to order (Everything looked so good and we just couldn't decide!!) . Our food was absolutely amazing and I seriously cant say enough how great the server was. . I would definitely return. It is definitely a place to check out. :)
I come to Las Vegas at least once a year and look forward to having lunch at Joe's Seafood at least once, if not twice.  In the 4 years I have been eating here the seafood salad this year was the best one yet, and I have been having this same seafood salad each and every year.  The only downfall however this year was the fresh stone crab claws.  They were fresh-fresh and not fresh frozen, which was why we ordered them, but they were so-so (I would not have them again).  The claws seemed bogged down with water like they were stored in melting ice.  What made up for the so-so crab claws was the service we received from David and being recognized by the Maitre'D, Thomas, when we arrived.  Reservation time was 1:30 pm on Thursday, August 8, 2013.. . I look forward to next time I visit LV and will certainly give Joe's another go around!  Oh and by the way, the Key Lime Pie is outstanding!
Great seafood & steaks, loved the stone crab but way too pricey for what you get.
This place has all the works! Excellent service, cozy atmosphere and great food! I did not feel I was in Vegas....more of a Chicago or New York vibe inside, very classy. My husband and I have tried a lot of their seafood and it is great. Try their signature key lime pie, great way to end your evening. From beginning to end you will enjoy it all. Love coming here with the hubby!
Super good food and almost overly attentive service. I have nothing bad to say about the place! I had the Sea Bass and it was outstanding. Several persons in our group had the crab legs...they were pretty damn good. I tried one a bit of the filet...not impressed.
A nice steakhouse inside an awesome location! . Me and girlfriend both had the filet mignon and it was totally perfect! It was perfectly medium as expected and the service was great too. . Even though we had a reservation we has to wait for like 20 minutes, which was fine.
3 of us went to Joe's today for a late lunch (3pm). We sat in the lounge area instead of the outside patio area. Our server's name was Hope and she was great.  We started with a crab cake appetizer which was full of crab meat delicately seasoned. 2 of us ordered the Joe's lunch special for $24.95 which included a 6oz filet, grilled tomato topped with creamed spinach, Jennie's potatoes and desert.  What a great deal that was. The other person in our party ordered the fish & chips (with sweet potato chips) and a side dish of macaroni & cheese. The fish was very good with a light batter. He did not care for the sweet potato chips they were a little greasy and cold. The macaroni & cheese was hot and delicious. For desert we had the banana cream pie, tres leeches cake and the brownie sundae topped with ice cream. The banana cream pie and the tres leeches cake were both something we will have again. Our waitress was very helpful picking out wine and checked back frequently to see if we needed anything. Service was great and the food was great-.  We will definitely be back and will ask for Hope. Lunch is very casual, we all wore jeans and nice shirts-there were people eating in shorts. Dinner is much more formal and expensive.
Pretty good I must say.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Service was very fast, and the food came out incredibly quick.  I ordered a caesar salad, which was excellent.  The filet, was cooked perfectly and very tender as a filet should be.  I don't give 5 stars unless, it's pretty amazing compared to the best of restaurants.  There are so many good steakhouses in Vegas, so hard to say it was the absolute best ever, but very very good overall.
I really like Joe's and actually went here for my Birthday this year. Let's just start with the real reason I like this place: key lime pie! It is awesome. My boyfriend got the peanut butter pie and one slice could have feed a small family. . Back to why you're probably interested in Joe's, the seafood. The Stone Crab is always cold and fresh and the mustard dipping sauce it on point. But do be warned that if you make a late reservation they can and do run out of it. The rest of the menu like King crab legs, seafood platters, steaks and salads are pretty solid offerings as well. Last time I had the Filet oscar- steal topped with crab- and it was really great. . I find the prices to be on point for the strip but not overly inflated like most strip steakhouses. If your solo, there is a great bar area where you can dine and Stephanie makes some amazing cocktails at the bar.
It was Restaurant Week once again, and as usual, course for course, Joe's featured one of the best RW menus.  So, off Diane and I went for dinner, this time with a different couple in tow.  And, while the food was mostly well prepared as usual, this time the service was not.  It was rather perfunctory, and I had to ask for several Iced Tea refills, although they arrived quickly after I did.  Even though I had requested a booth when making our reservation, we were initially led to a table.  And, our waiter did not mention or show me the Restaurant Week menu until I requested it.. . The shrimp in a Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail were large and very meaty, but not sweet or that flavorful.  This appetizer came with a good, strong horseradish-based Cocktail Sauce.  A bowl of Crab Bisque was very smooth and very good--a better tasting preliminary except for the piece of shell I found in it.  . . Grilled Halibut was moist and great tasting, accompanied by very good sweet roasted corn and Jennie's Potatoes, a type of mashed potato that is a staple here.  Two large scoops of Peppermint Ice Cream covered by rivulets of Hot Fudge were refreshing, and a nice end to the meal.
Tried the Stone Crab (Excellent), Caesar Salad (Great) Crab Bisque (Outstanding) Filet (Good) [Asked for Med . Rare and mine was Med to Med Well] Mashed Potatoes (Good). The service was Outstanding (Johnny on the spot). But, this is a 4 $$$$ place not a $$$.
Steak, Stone Crabs, and Bread!!!. . You can't go wrong with Joe's Seafood Prime Steak and Stone Crab if steak, crab, and carbs is on your meal plan.  The gf and I came here for a Halloween dinner date.  This wasn't our original pick, but I'm glad we ended at Joe's for dinner.  From start to finish, the service was excellent.  We had reservations, which meant no wait.  Our orders were taken care of quick.  But most importantly, we were taken care of good.  . . Like most restaurants, we started with a bread basket.  Their mix of bread and carbs didn't have a chance. We killed every piece of bread in that basket.  Then there was our meals.  I had their Petite Filet Mignon, but this was not petite at all.  Here at Joe's, they do everything big. A petite filet here is 8 oz and cooked to my liking (medium-well).  The filet was tender, juicy, and so so good. I'm not stating that this is the best steak that I ever had, but it's still good enough for me to want to come back.  My gf had their Florida based Stone Crabs.  You know, the parrot beaks that you see on the billboards off our freeways.  I think she loved it because she finished her plate. For our sides, I got the mash potatoes and my gf got the mac n' cheese.  And of course she did.  The mash potatoes and mac n' cheese, like the bread, didn't have a chance.  Both were good and a must if you're having steak and crabs. . . Overall (ie. long story short)...Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab has good steak, fresh crabs, and great service.  Prices are decent as well. . . Parking Tip:  Valet at Joe's.  If you're going through the main Caesar's entrance, it's the first right after the Caesar's and Forum split.  Sure beats having to walk through the Forum Shops to get here.  . . PS:  I've been told that the Alaskan King Crab is the best at Joe's.  I have never been a huge Alaskan King Crab fan. But those that are, should give them a try.  . . . YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (476/500)
October 15, Florida stone crab season OPEN!  Crab lovers rejoice!. . Why?  Simple; sweeter than an lobster, tender, juicy, never stringy meat.  Dip them in a tangy mustard concoction and it's fireworks in your mouth.. . The facts:. - Available October 15 - May 15.. - Sold by size (medium, large, jumbo, colossal), price increases with size.. - Size matters for texture not sweetness.  Buy the largest you can afford.. - 2013 harvest starting at the lowest in history.  Astronomical prices ($12/claw large, $25/ claw jumbo).. . For other menu items, stick to basics; KISS.  Great place for a casual, shared meal with friends.  Solid preparations for grilled lobster tails, steamed jumbo Alaskan king crab legs, classic oysters Rockefeller, and pan seared diver scallops.  The colossal lump crab cake excellent, moist, sweet.  Almost all crab with lumps sticking out in all directions.  Pick it up and eat it with your fingers.  . . Good selection of steaks.  Two grades, USDA choice Angus and USDA prime.  All prime cuts are bone in.  Cuts are gently trimmed leaving some of the outer fat in tact.  Old school, fat is flavor style.   Even grilling and cooked to temperature.  It's beef, nothing fancy but it doesn't need to be.. . Diverse side meant to be shared.  The grilled tomatoes are the perfect foil for the stone crabs.  Tart, acidic, blistered and  just warmed through.  . . Save a little room for dessert.  Home made key lime pie.  They are known for it.  One of the best examples I've ever had.. . Short but very well chosen wine list.  Whites perfectly target the clean seafood flavors from Spain, France, Italy and New Zealand.  Modest (2x-2.5x retail), Vegas resort pricing.. . Casual, friendly, efficient service.. . Seven sinful months in Sin City never tasted so good.
One of the true gems of Las Vegas, great food, fantastic ambiance  good service , great drinks and just about a wonderful place for casual, romantic, date night, celebrations and  group dinners. Make sure you make a reservation.. Their stone crabs, Alaskan crabs are the best. Please don't bother with chicken or steak at this place.. It's a crustacean food heaven and don't let yourself divert from that.. The lobster bisque and salads are also amazing.. We always make it a point to eat here whenever we are visiting the Sin city.. We highly recommend this place for tourists and locals.
The only negative here is the price. It is very pricey but the food is amazing. We started with the calamari, oysters, and stuffed mushrooms. I had the Ahi Tuna and it melted in my mouth. My hubby had a cheeseburger and it was huge. My buddy had the surf and turf and he said it was incredible. The Mac'N'Cheese was THE BEST I have ever had. I was stuffed and still couldn't let it go to waste! This is must do on the Strip!
Me and the girlfriend loved the snow crabs and the Fresh Alaskan King Crab Legs. The hash browns however could have been a little crispier. I have been to the Florida branch of this restaurant and the Vegas restaurant was of the same high quality ensuring that I will be back again next time I'm in Vegas.
I picked this restaurant specifically for two reasons. One is because I felt this would be a "people pleaser" in terms of a solid steakhouse for a larger group. The other because it was a three dollar sign joint. I realize steakhouses can get pricey, so I wanted to find something that wasn't going to break the bank, but still be "fine dinning.". . The service is very good, I'll note right away. But please be wary, our server was a totally up-seller. She knew exactly what she was doing.... "oh, if you're going to get a couple glasses of wine, get a bottle" or "what appetizers can I start you with" almost as soon as we sat down. I kinda feel like they're probably all trained that way. Not necessarily annoying, but be wary!. . Also, the food is all a la carte. So you'll get up there in price with what you order. We had a table of 8 and ordered 4 different sides and they were all gone by the end of dinner. But it was the perfect amount. The good: garlic roasted spinach, the lyonnaise, and my fave grilled tomatoes (wonderfully red tomatoes with pesto and melted mozzarella on top aka YUM!). The okay: broccolini. . . I ordered a special, which was Filet Mignon with crab on top. I really wanted both the filet and crab, and the regular menu listed large pieces of both for much more. This was the perfect amount for $36. Plus asparagus! It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and very flavorful. The crab was fantastic and I almost wished there was more. Maybe a bit more, but the portion was good still. . . Best part is they brought the birthday boy, my dad, a free brownie sundae! All in all, a really excellent meal. Ended up being perfect for what I was looking for!
Fantastic food.  I think if I had to pick a favorite all time entree, it would be the stone crabs.  Everything on the menu we have ever ordered, has been fantastic.. . The atmosphere, or rather lack thereof, is not the greatest.  It is a big noisy room, that is not that much different than an Outback.  Then again, atmosphere is not why one goes to Joe's.. . We have been to Joe's too many times to count, and normally the service is 5 star, however our waiter was slow, and when we told him we had been here numerous times, he still treated us like newbies, explaining all policies and menu items in great detail.  It was a bit tedious.. . We will certainly go back.
I was looking for a great steak place that wouldn't break the bank for my friends and I. The reviews were pretty good so we decided to give it a shot! I was very happy that we chose Joe's! The sevice was excellent! My husband and I split the ribeye and we had the crab legs (only happens 4 weeks out of the year so why not?!). The ribeye was good, but it wasn't the best. The crab legs were by far the best I've ever had in my life. AMAZING! Sides were good too. We had the mac & cheese (was just the right amount of creamy- I find restaurants make it too dry for my tastes, but I love it!), mashed potatoes (YUM), and the brussels (eh). All in all, I was VERY pleased with my experience. Wouldn't say it was the best, but would say it was pretty darned good. Overall, I'd give it a 8.5/9.
Came here for dinner during our company vacation in LV.. We got 2 big tables near the back and our server made sure our water/alcohol glasses were never empty plus bringing new bread baskets!. We ordered stone crabs and one too many appetizer dishes that most of us were so full before our entree came out. I forgot exactly what I got but it was one of the most expensive steaks they had. nom nom nom... it was still tender when it got cold!!!. Will defiantly stop by again when I go back in town :)
- The Manhattan clam chowder was average . . - The stone crab was nice and meaty. . - The king crab was the best I've ever had.  Rich and  buttery and that was before I dipped it in butter. . - The rib eye was cooked perfectly at medium rare. It was a perfect center cut, with mostly eye and just a sliver of ny strip.  The seasoning made it perfect. . - Fast, efficient, and friendly service
Very nice meal.  The lobster bisque is really TO DIE FOR!  The lobster Surf n Turf is the Business!  I also had an order of crab legs with the filet, however not as tasty as the lobster for sure!  Wonderful restaurant! Loved the lay-out and decor!
