They have the BEST Orange Chicken you've ever tasted!!! I know its not a Chinese Restaurant, but it doesn't matter... This is a MUST visit restaurant the next time you're in Vegas!
This food at this restaurant definitely lived up to it's award winning reputation.  The fried sea bass over drunken noodles is an amazingly good dish.  The tom yum soup was very flavorful with a nice hint of fried garlic, but even at a spiciness level of 3 out of 10 it had tiny pieces of chopped up peppers that were very spicy if you bit into them.  The fried crispy rice with sausage had such interesting textures and flavors that I never had before, but I really loved it the more I ate it.  However, we didn't have a reservation, and the wait time they quotes us was 30 minutes, but we ended up waiting over an hour to get seated.  People around us consistently had to double the wait time quoted to them by the hostess, and even people who came in with reservations often had to wait 15 minutes.
On a recent trip to Vegas Lotus of Siam was on the top of my hit list. And if you read about the Vegas food scene Lotus of Siam is probably a name you've come across as well. People talk about it as the best Thai restaurant not just in Vegas or Nevada but in the entire United States. For a city that's known for big billings and flashy signs this is quite a statement.. . A group of me and my buddies checked it out for dinner. The menu is a tome filled with both Thai classics as well as dishes I've never seen before. Some things we wanted we couldn't find on the menu (like a Spring roll) but we were able to order anyways, I'm not sure if we just couldn't find it or if they cater to this off the menu ordering but given what they say they can make I'm sure it would be pretty hard to stump this kitchen.. . Nothing at this place jumped out as the greatest Thai food I've ever had. They were pretty honest about their spice ratings with several "moderate"-ly spicy dishes coming out as quite hot. I really lovemy food spicy and found moderate to be about right, although I have to admit, I'd love to come back and ask for something really spicy and see what they'd serve up. For my main dish I went with the Nam-Prik-Head (Spicy Mushroom Dip) because (1) as previously noted, I like spice, and (2) I never remember seeing this on a menu before. What came out was a small dish of "dip" and some vegetables. The dip doesn't really stick to the vegetables as it as more of the consistency of a thick chutney than a dip. It wasn't the easiest dish to eat but it as definitely spicy and a very tasty mixture.. . The service here as quite slow, not bad, they were friendly and helpful, just in no rush to get anywhere and we often found ourselves waiting. The restaurant is in a strip mall a little off the Strip. A local friend who came to meet us after dinner wanted to know what we were doing in "that" part of town, which says a lot in Vegas. Walking the distance from the strip won't kill you, but the neighborhood just might. . . In sum, if this is the best Thai food in the US the reason is only because it's one of the only ones that serves "real" Thai food and the rest of them are holding out on us. I've never been to Thailand so I can't really comment on that. Although excellent food, it wasn't quite cheap enough to be cheap, not hidden enough to be a hidden gem and just not good enough to make me think it's the best Thai food I'll ever taste in the states. Worth going to but I wouldn't say that it's a "must visit."
My wife and I stopped in for a late lunch on our way back from hiking for the day.  I was slighly concerned by the location, but once inside it was no issue. The menu here is extensive and there is plenty to chooose from.  We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp for an appetizer. While this isnt' "authentic Thai", it was great.  I had the green curry chicken, which had great flavor and heat.  If I recall correclty, my wife ordered a cilantro tofu dish that was great. We would go again if back in Vegas.
This place is not in the best area, but the food is worth the trip. . . We will usually order:. . THE LOBSTER (comes out to about 7lbs). Garlic Prawns. Beef Salad. Pad Thai. Crab Fried Rice. Satay . Tom Yum Koon. and can forget the Sticky rice, fried bananas, coconut ice cream and mango slices (seasonal) . . Def worth a trip away from the strip! . . Compared to all the crappy white table cloth joints inside of these hotels this is a place where you will return. . . PS There wine selection is comparable to most of the high end restaurants in these hotels.
The dumplings here were delicious as was the duck and the satay.   I had expected the Pad Thai to be the same, lumpy rice noodle Pad Thai found at most Thai restaurants, but they elevated this dish several notches above your average place.  Wasn't sure what to expect when we turned up at the strip mall where this place is located, but it's well worth the trip.  Customer service was a plus: I jokingly mentioned something about being compensated for the inconvenience of being uprooted from our original table and was, in fact, served a Thai Ice Tea on the house.  I hadn't really expected or wanted anything, but they certainly made a point that customer service was on their mind.  I will visit again.
Great restaurant just north of the strip.  Got the chicken khoa soi and it was good, just not as spicy as I had asked.  The cucumber salad was delicious.  The pad se-ew was good as well.  The kang renu nak was okay.  We prefer a curry with coconut milk.  The Thai food at this restaurant was good.  I'm only dishing out 4 stars because I asked for a spicy 10 but got maybe a 6.  Overall though, it was still a good meal and I would bring other friends here.
Good food,good price but not large quantities of food. I dig it though.
I think about get some Thai food for a while so I stopped by Lotus of Siam for lunch.. I knew their food is good but portion is small and pricy.. Anyway I stopped by and found they do lunch buffet.. It's $9.99. Not cheap at all.Even though, I wnat to try buffet this time.. Pad thai was ok(taste was good but noddle was stick together) Red curry was ok(vegetable was fresh but too much oil than regular dish) egg soup was good, fried rice was ok, and fried banana and fresh fruit was good. Of course they served more food such as Thai style beef stew, egg roll, Fried Tofu, Mixed vegetable.. Also, I ordered coffee. It wasn't good.(I bet they did warm up for me cuz it was way too much hot and taste was........different. I know it's a wrong place to order coffee but still...). Buffet is so so to me but i gave 4 stars for food not for price.
Lotus of Siam tastes Authentic but the price sure isn't. I've been to the Best Place in NYC (SriPhadPhai) and the prices are half of Lotus of Siams. . . The Bacon wrapped Shrimp were Okay.. The Veggie Tom Yum delicious, as was the Chicken Pad Thai.. The Food here is AWESOME. . Be forewarned, on a scale of 1-10, a 6-7 will make someone with a high spice tolerance teary eyed- to the point you won't taste your food.
This was my first visit to this magical land known as Lotus of Siam. I only had the lunch buffet which was above average in flavor and variety. Here's the run down. . . Yellow curry chicken- Delicious flavor, but not enough chicken. HUGE chunks of potatoes. Tasty enough to have thirds(shhhh) . . Orange chicken- Tasty enough to have seconds . . Teriyaki chicken wings- OMG these were good. . . Chow mein and egg rolls- Nothing to write home about . . Fried Banana Rolls- HOLY SHIT these things made me forget my name for a minute. I got lost in their warm, soft bananas with crunchy outside. You don't even want to know how many I ate. . . Overall I over ate and over drank with three Thai Iced Teas, but who's counting calories at this place? I am hoping to go back very soon and try something with beef or pork in it. Lotus of Siam is definitely deserving of a second date.
Nice find thanks to yelp! The area is totally ghetto but inside is quite nice. The staff were all friendly and helped sort through the long menu. I had the prawns on drunken noodles and they were tasty. Get there early and you're in for sure. Food is 3.5 service and atmosphere push me to a 4
I had to try this restaurant because everyone and their mama raved about it.  And now I see why.  Lotus of Siam may not be considered "authentic" Thai food, but I don't care- it is delicious! I have eaten here twice and both times I didn't see any patrons of Thai heritage.  . . Nonetheless, the deep fried garlic prawns are reason enough to try this restaurant. And I'll go back for the perfectly deep fried catfish with basil in a heartbeat. I'll admit, the Pad Thai was a bit sweet for my liking, but my 2 year old daughter ate every morsel.   The Papaya salad was also way too spicy for me, but it didn't stop us from eating the entire dish.  . . The service is fantastic. And if you get here before the dinner rush, around 6ish, there should be plenty of open tables. Otherwise, make a reservation in advance or be prepared to wait a long time.
Doesn't look like much from the outside, especially at night time. Yelp avg is four stars so Kuong thought it'd be a nice try. Yelp didn't let us down:) We were there for dinner, service wasn't bad. Food tasted great. Panang Chicken, Tom Yum Kai, Beef Larb, and Issan style beef jerk were great. Can't wait to try out other items the next time I'm in Vegas...
Brightly lit and energetic restaurant serving fantastic, authentic and mouth watering Thai cuisine, paired with a respectable wine list.  That pretty much sums up Lotus of Siam (LOS) for me. . . Since moving out to Las Vegas a few years ago, I have always heard about LOS, but have never ventured out to give them a try.  And when I finally went with a group of Meetup folks, the overall experience was positive.. . LOS is a Thai restaurant that does truly deserves the many accolades that has been given by food critics, from the ranks of professionals to amateurs, from all around the world over the years.  The restaurant features a fairly large menu selection, some are common and easy to find on other menus, but more importantly it has entrees and specials that are not available in most other Thai restaurants in the US.  . . Now, I am not saying every dish that is prepared and served from the kitchen is perfect and absolutely delicious, because it is not.  But out of the thirteen we ordered, there was only one I did not really cared for, most are good, and some are truly excellent.  Some items I thought was overpriced, while others I felt deserves the price charged.. . Food highlights:. Prawn Ocha - Unique preparation of an otherwise common ingredient.  Delicious and highly recommended.  It is pricey, but definitely worth trying at least once. ($21.95). . #116 Drunken Noodle Seafood - Pan fried flat rice noodle. topped with, sauteed assorted seafood with fresh & dry chili,. Thai basil served on bed of green. ($12.95). . Desserts!  Their Fried Banana Roll is a little different from those served elsewhere, their Mango and Sticky Rice (the mango was surprisingly ripe and tasty for March, while the sticky rice was just A+), the Coconut Ice Cream was good.. . Hits The Spot:. #130 Green Curry with Sliced Chicken. Nothing fancy, but is still good. ($9.95) . . #85  Spicy Catfish with Basil Leaves - Sauteed deep fried thin catfish slice without bone in fresh and dried chili and Thai basil leaves. ($13.95). . Dislikes:. #14 Nam Kao Tod (Crispy Rice Salad with Minced Sour Sausage) - not particularly interesting, and way too much lime for my taste.  Although others on Yelp, ChowHound, etc raves about it. So give it a try, and decide for yourself.. . Service - Acceptable.  We had a large party of 11, and they did their best to provide decent level of service.  The kitchen was also able to space out the timing of serving the dishes, otherwise there will definitely not be any room to put everything we ordered on the two tables they put together to seat our group.. . Recommended group size: Small parties of 1-2, 3-4, or 7or 8 (small 2 tops, 4 tops, or 2x 4 tops). Anything larger, you will just be squeezed into tables that should seat 8 comfortably. . . Make reservations in advance!  Especially if you have a large group.. . Food: 3.5 - some hits and some misses. The noodles all seems to be good to great.. Service: 3 - probably provides better service for smaller and more manageable parties.. Ambiance: 4.5 - It is brightly lit, which I prefer, so I can see my food and how artfully it has been presented.. Price: 3 - Some items seems overpriced, while others deserved the markup.  Our party average $32/person (no wine), and we were able to try a lot of food.. . If I can give it a 3.5 I would, because it is better than just "A-OK", but not really good enough for the "Yay! I'm a fan".
I found it difficult to find this place, wish I had a GPS device at the time.  But it was well worth seeking out.  Thai dishes that I had never heard of before  I never knew that there was such a thing as Thai sausage!.  Each and every dish one was delicious.. . I hope I have a chance to return here.
All I have to say is get the DEEP FRIED GARLIC PRAWNS!!!!!!. They are AMAZING!!! I drool just thinking about them! The shells of the prawns is absolutely crisp beyond belief and the prawn itself is just delicious, all with garlic galore!
Off the strip but worth the taxi cab.  The strip mall it sits in doesn't do the restaurant justice..... . Quality Thai cuisine in Las Vegas.  The curry we had was amazing...Tom Yum soup was a little pricey but I think it's because the prawns were bigger than my dog.. . All other foods (curry, noodles, pork belly) all put happy smiles on our face.  Plus after stuffing our face with buffet food its a nice great change.  Finished it off with some Thai Iced Tea as well.
I really like this place a lot. I've been here 3 times now and have had 3 terrific meals. They have an extensive menu of things I've heard of and things I haven't and I've tried both.. 5 stars for the Tom Kah Kai soup, any of the fish and duck entrees (which are a bit more expensive at $30), the flat noodles which come with many of these entrees, pork pad sw ew. The jackfruit was ok and the sausage is really weird, just not used to the flavors. . I love that I can get an amazing meal for 2 with a good bottle of wine for $100.
All of the other reviews are true! This restaurant was the highlight of my trip-yum. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because we ordered food that was a spice level of "6" along with a spice level of "10" and they had the same level of heat. (And my hot pepper-loving friend was very disappointed.) Otherwise we loved every bite of our food. I love Thai food and it doesn't get much better than this. We went on a weekend - make sure to call early to add your name to the list. If I ever return to Vegas, I'm taking a cab straight to Lotus of Siam-yum!
Finally I got to try this place!!! Yay!!!. . Thanks to Amy K's suggestion, we ordered the drunken noodle soft crab and the northern red curry. We also ordered this beef dish...can't remember the name...and we also ordered catfish. And last but certainly not least, the mango sticky rice:. . drunken noodle soft crab: Very good. Definitely a must try.. . northern red curry: Yes, not much of a curry, more like a stew. Also not as sweet as panang..I think they use less coconut milk. So if you like coconut milk, you may not like this version of curry as much. . . beef dish: it was a cold dish...cubed filet mignon..anyway, we thought it would be warm so it was a little surprising..it tasted like the beef on the beef salad...good but nothing extraordinary.. . catfish: breaded and sauced...pretty good...loved it! put the sauce on our rice and ate it up! You must try it!!. . mango sticky rice: I looooooved this version...the rice was more complex in flavors than the others I've tasted...maybe I'm crazy...even  the mango pieces were perfectly ripe and was sweeter than normal, too...but it was really good...my friend who doesn't even like sweets, loved it, too...i could come back just for this...hopefully i'm not building it up too much...haha . . Wish they were local...
Amazing fresh, authentic food... wish I'd thought to ask for more guidance before ordering... It would be great to go with a big group in order to be able to sample more...
This restaurant is located in a strip mall in a run-down-looking part of town.  Inside, the place is remarkably spacious and elegant looking.  Even on a Tuesday nite, it was packed and we had to wait for half a hour w/o reservations.  We tried the crispy rice as an appetizer and the green curry w/ chicken and drunken noodles w/ seafood.  The crispy rice had a nice texture but was unimaginably overseasoned.  I think they may have emptied the whole salt shaker by accident.  The green curry was pretty good but small in portions.  The drunken noodles was the highlight of the meal with yummy fresh seafood and greasy good noodles.  I'm giving one free pass for the overseasoned appetizer until my next visit.  A good place to go away from the strip but I recommend calling for reservations first.
Amazing! I heard about this spot from a friend a LONG time ago and this past weekend I decided to finally check it out! It did not disappoint AT ALL! Service was impeccable, the place was beautiful and easily accessible, and the food was delicious! I am a huge fan of beef panang and so that's what I ordered, along with the bbq beef salad. I also ordered some Larb and some pad thai. The pad thai was definitely the best i have EVER had! The panang was great, definitely the best I've had in Vegas. They have a friggin WINE WALL! The only problem is that the portions are pretty small, compared to what I am used to here in LA! Otherwise, all kinds of amazingness. Definitely going back!
For a Thai restaurant that's somewhat small, located somewhat in the less nicer part of LV, I'm quite surprised and amazed about the accolades this place has received. It might be difficult and often times challenging to get into the restaurant because there's usually a wait, and people shuffling to get in or get out. . . When you finally get to be inside, (assuming that you might have to wait outside of the restaurant for a bit) and get a chance to see all the pictures of the celebrities that came into the restaurant, you can't help but wonder how the heck Lotus of Siam got the chance to entertain the celebrities they had the opportunity to cook for. This place is somewhat a hole in the wall, and you would think that celebrities would confine themselves to big name restaurants where exclusively rich and powerful dine. Apparently not at Lotus of Siam; all sorts of people (rich, not so rich, big, small, tourists, locals, etc. etc.) come here to enjoy awesome Thai cuisine. . . They have a nice menu that covers all the traditional Thai dishes (pan fried noodles, salads, curries, soups, desserts) + specific specialties that I haven't found at any other Thai restaurant. If you're into hot and spicy, I would suggest taking an antacid before hand cuz their food can get crazy spicy where you'd probably be soaking in your clothes once you're done with your meal. . . I can't tell you a specific dish that stood out because honestly, they're ALL good. Everything is superb in flavor, freshness, overall quality. What did stand out was their prices and quantity. Lotus of Siam is a tad bit more expensive and you get a bit less of food than at other Thai food places. I have confidence that anything you purchase would be a great pick.. . Also, while it appears that Lotus of Siam boasts to claim they have an amazing wine selection, I can't voucher for this as I never had the chance to purchase one of their wines there. Just FYI though, in terms of whether or not you're wondering what beverages they pride themselves over.... . I'm wavering between a 3/4 starts on this one...Definitely a great Thai food restaurant. Wouldn't say it's the best, but it sure is up there in Thai food places I'd dine in and come to again when I'm in the area.
The best Thai food I've ever had.  The strip mall and interior are average, and the service was ordinary, but the menu options and the tastes were amazing.  Also features a world class wine list.  I'm not sure what pairs well with Thai food, but the wine list had hard to find bottles that were worth a visit all on their own.
Really great food and an amazing wine selection. The only downside was location, which was in a questionable strip mall.
The last time I was here, a number of years ago, the buffet was the thing not to get here, but now it seems to have gone full circle and now it is the thing to get, and I agree with everyone else, it is very good, very fresh ingredients.  The celebrated fried banana was too oily for my taste though, and the Thai chicken wings were just OK.
Best Thai food in North America, eh?  That's a tremendous reputation to live up to and unfortunately I think Lotus of Siam falls just a bit short.  I prefer the Thai Food in Los Angeles just a bit more.  However, Lotus IS pretty damn good and a must try during your next trip to Vegas.. . They offer a lunch buffet, but I think you have to order off the menu if you want the good stuff.  The Chef Specials are a little pricy but are also what make Lotus so special.  I highly recommend the:. . -GARLIC PRAWNS ($21.95). More of an appetizer, but these whole prawns are fried until crispy and have great garlicky salty flavor.  You can eat the shell!. . -KHAO SOI SHORT RIBS (19.95). Very tender short ribs served over noodles in a very addictive Panang (I think it's Panang) sauce.  The sauce tastes amazing over rice as well.. . -DRUNKEN NOODLES with CRIPSY DUCK (21.95).. My friends thought the duck was a little too spicy, but I thought it was very good.  The crispy skin reminds me of Peking duck.  I wasn't that impressed by the noodles though.. . Service was very friendly but also very slow, especially after we got our food.  We didn't see our waiter again until we had to flag him down to get our check.  It then took 10 minutes for him to get it and another 15 for us to pay.  In his defense though, the place was PACKED during lunchtime on a Saturday.
Driving up you'll wonder if you need a bulletproof vest. I took some colleagues here and one of them ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees for all 7. It was fantastic. Very tasty and fun. Try the chai tea. Yum.
A must stop for any Thai lovers.  This little gem hidden away off the strip is phenomenal. The food, wine and service were top notch.  Don't let the outside restuarant photo deceive you. You will definitely be impressed.
Lotus of Siam how we heard so many things about you... . . We've heard many good things about this place that we had to try and also first time here..  Even at 9:30pm on Friday we had to wait a little and they close at 10!   Have I triedany other Thai place in Las Vegas?  No...  Is there a reason to?  Maybe not anymore.... . The place is located in Winchester and what looks to be a shady location.  When we first walked in, we thought it was small a little hole in a wall place, until we were seated inside.  The inside is nice with a big wine wall rack glass display.  Shows you how un"hole in a wall" it really is.. . So we tried the Coconut Milk Soup, Pad-See-Ew, House Fried Rice, and the Yellow Curry.  The dishes were good and we had no complaints with the food.  They also operate on a 1-10 spice scale, so you can spice to your liking.... . The service is decent, maybe just a tad slow, but not like a turtle.
I was impressed by all the awards and clips of magazine about the place that are hanged on the wall. It was very crowded on a Thursday night thatwe have to wait for more than 1/2 hr. And the restaurant was so noisy that night with all the tables filled up. . . There foods sure was delicious!!!! Certainly is the best Thai I have tasted so far. They do live up to their popularity. The crab fried rice was the best!! Also try the fried catfish salad, although the salad could use more veges. Their thai coffee is also very tasty. . . For those wine lovers - they have a huge selection of wine available.. . Drawback - High price for small portion. We were expecting a family dinner portion, but the dish was just enough for one person. If you're hungry, order extra!!
I recently decided to stop eating the same things and start trying new stuff. New stuff including Thai. I have had Thai before so I am not a total neophyte. A friend and I decided to go out and had heard great reviews about Lotus of Siam. I Googled them, of course, to see what we were in for. I saw the words "Extended Wine Selection" and was immediately on board. The location is not the best in Vegas as the Commercial Center (yes, that is the actual name of the strip mall) has seen better days. Parking was plentiful and the restaurant was easy to find. Walking in, it seemed a little small until we entered the main dining room saddled by a giant wine cellar. The decor looked better suited for a mid 1990's country club, and was sort of all over the place, but not kitschy or themed which I appreciated. .    The moment we were sat, waiters sort of came out of nowhere to bring us plates, water and cutlery. Extended wine selection is an understatement. The wine menu is larger than the food menu. I chose a cabernet on the lower end of the price scale as I am no Rockefeller and was pleased with it. Most impressive was the two wines that were ordered came in the appropriate glasses. One red and one white. (This is rare). .    Once ordered, the food was brought to us very quickly. I ordered the Seafood Fried Rice and my friend ordered the Mint and Green Chili Beef (spiced at a level 9 out of 10). I was surprised at the serving size we were given for an entree priced just north of $10. I was full at the end of the meal with no appetizers or desserts. (Also rare). My friend, being more of a Thai food junkie than myself was satisfied that "this place wasn't messing around" when it came to spice. Apparently, many restaurants fall short in this department. The seafood tasted wonderful in the fried rice and included shrimp, crab, calamari and scallops. .    The noise level was average, I didn't feel like everyone could hear our conversation, and try as I might, I couldn't eavesdrop on anyone else. The overall feel of the restaurant was unpretentious, relaxed and the service was consistent, yet unobtrusive. Toward the end of our meal, we were elated when the current Mayor of Las Vegas and his wife, the Mayor-Elect, were seated next to us and seemed to receive the exact same service level as everyone else. .     Overall, I was pleased and will be returning many times in the future. A lot of reviews are right on the money when they say this is a hidden gem in the heart of Las Vegas.
This place is a serious diamond in the rough.. . And I mean that... this area is super ghetto and it's pretty much next door to a swingers club. . . I went back out to Vegas to visit my parents last weekend and this was the first place I asked to go to. I'm a HUGE riesling fan and this place has a wine list like I've never seen. Seriously. If you love rieslings and are in Vegas, you HAVE TO come here. I'm not even that into Thai and I go here. . . But, since one needs to eat in order to drink more, I recommend their sea bass. Pricey but seriously delicious. My dad got their equivalent of broccoli beef and it wasn't so wonderful. Just bland. Their dessert (the fried banana one) also left something to be desired (that something was ice cream since the thing was a dry as bone) but I just waved down the waiter and got some. Problem solved! . . Anyway, go out here. You'll feel like a real Vegas insider and have the chance to try some really special wine. . . Oh, and eat too. :) . . PS: Call ahead for reservations!
This super famous Thai restaurant has been called the best Thai restaurant in the country.  I've been here quite a few times and the most important advice I have is to skip the buffet (don't even look at it or you'll be tempted) and order off the Northern Thai menu.  I recently had the Nam Kao Tod as appetizer-crispy rice noodles with some kind of delicious meat mixed in with the noodles.  My entree was Kho Soy  (Steak Tar Tar), which was flavorful and delicious.  My wife had the Kho Soi (Northern Thai egg noodles with Spare Ribs).  This restaurant is consistently delicious and there are many other items I am looking forward to trying on their Northern Thai menu.  The service is always helpful and the prices are reasonable.  My only complaint with Lotus of Siam is they recently quit accepting American Express, which is the only card I like to use in restaurants.  The ambiance is comfortable and inviting, but I've never eaten in the new seating area.  Food-5 stars, Service-4 stars, Ambiance-3 Stars, Value-5 stars.
What took me so long to come here and eat?!  Lotus of Siam has long held the reputation of being one of the top Thai restaurants in the country and I finally got to experience the bombness of this place!  Perhaps, it's because of the location.  It is in a very seedy party of town that LOOKS seedy during the day and even seedier at night.  Great food found in a dumpy strip mall?  Perfect.. . We went during lunch time and did not go with the lunch buffet.  As advised by on of our Lotus of Siam experience friends, we chose to order fromthe menu instead and it was the way to go!  I think everything we chose was deep fried in some form or another, which lead to a cholesterol fest of food.  I'm getting older, so that stuff don't phase me (yet).. . - Our introduction was Garlic Prawns.  Crispy + salty = good.. . - Next came the Chilean Seabass and Drunken Noodles and Crispy Duck Panang.  Flavors were on the saltier side, but again, I am a sucker for CRISPY!!. . - My most favorite dish was Nam Koi Tod (minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice).  I've never had this dish before anywhere, so it was a fun new dish.  Crispy crunchy rice with the fragrant flavors of all the fixings left a party in my mouth!. . Conclusion:  Lotus of Siam lives up to the hype.  Will definitely go back and try other menu items.
Don't be put off by the setting. We took a cab from the hotel and the staff called a cab to takes us back. You're in and out of the restaurant.. . The food is very good. We ordered the prawns in blanket, beef satay, and chicken wing stuffed with ground pork. The prawns were excellent and the satay was very good. (Not dry as satays can sometimes be.) The chicken wing was good but not as good as it looked in the description.. . For mains I had the Khao soi braised short rib. It was excellent, the meat was tasty and tender and the noodle were flavorful. The curry sauce was great. Be sure to mix in the lime, onion, and noodles for full flavor. I also tried the scallops with garlic, cilantro, and pepper. They were well cooked and for someone that doesn't love cilantro, i found the taste very satisfying.. . It's excellent food and probably the best in Vegas. I guess I'm spoiled because I have Topaz Thai in Belleville, NJ as my comparison.
Came here with 2 friends, my spouse and my son.  Was waiting to be "blown away"  and "wow-ed" by the food, and I was not.. . But then, after 3 or 4 forkfuls (chopsticks not available--Thais don't use them), I realized that it really WAS good.  Not "out of this world", but darned good!  Fresh, high quality ingredients, DONE WELL.  Very nicely done.  Very tasty.. . Wine and beer menu was awesome.  If you stop in the lobby you can see the many "honorable mentions" and articles about them in magazines such as Food and Wine, Gourmet, Los Angeles Food, etc.  They have won two James Beard awards.. . Trying to find the place-- we are tourists in Vegas-- we drove to the address in our rental car, and it looked like a place that NO ONE would dare enter... vacant, dirty, abandoned and horrible.  But alas, that was the back way.  The front is not much better, actually.  But it is in a strip mall (off the "Strip") with Japanese, Indian, Mexican and Karoake restaurants nearby.. . Phad See Ew, Phad Thai, Calamari salad, were fabulous as was Thai shrimp soup, the crispy rice appetizer, and geez-- I forget what else we had-- 9 dishes in all.  But it was darned good.  A nice place to get away from the glitz and high prices of the Strip.   Nice, even service.  Atmosphere pleasant.. . Photos on the walls of celebrities who have eaten here.  I do see why.. it really does do Thai food very very well.  Worth going off the Strip for a "real meal".
I came here with a large party and the service was on point!  They were very attentive, the food took a while but the restaurant was busy.   The food was very savorful and authentic.  Try it out!
I finally made it to the place that so many speak of! I've constantly heard how wonderful this restaurant is and now I can say I've been there. I had:. . SPICY SLICED BEEF with Thai Round Eggplant- (heat level 5) tangy, spicy, fresh and delectable. The slices of eggplant were similar to the taste of horseradish, which accented the smokey charred beef nicely.. . KOONG TENN- grilled shrimp covered in spices on a bed of cabbage. The shrimp were delicately cooked, with no signs of toughness. The chilies and spices that topped each shrimp were spicy and flavorful. The cabbage was a nice extinguisher to put out the fire in my mouth. . . PAD SE-EW- flat rice noodles with egg, broccoli and chicken in dark soy sauce. This is my standard order at any Thai place and their version didn't disappoint. . . I would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for the service. The wait staff were nice enough, it was the food that took forever to come out. We arrived at 8pm and didn't get 2 out of the 3 dishes until 9:30. I know that they are busy because they are so popular, but I still couldn't give them 5 stars when we had to sit and wait as long as we did.
It's a tuesday night, as i walk in there is a 20 minute wait. Good sign, but i'm hungry so it better not be a long 20 min. A friend and i head over to the bar. great beer selection. Being from Southern California we were ecstatic to find Stone here. When you walk in you see a gorgeous.  glass walled wine cellar. The place is clean, bathrooms are clean as well.. . 25 min go by, finally seated. Got some thai tea, balanced just right. Chicken satay for an appetizer, chicken grilled just right. Peanut sauce and cucumber medley paired with it perfectly.. . Panang Curry with Shrimp. absolutely DELICIOUS, i am very picky with my curries because there always seems like there's something off.. Too much coconut milk, not enough spice, too much spice, too sweet. Not this place, perfect balance of flavors, no complaints here.. . Roasted Duck with Red Pineapple Curry: my friend got this and loved it. i had to dip in my fork of course and the duck was perfect. Even tho it was covered in curry you could still taste the crispness of the duck skin, and the medley of fat and meat in your mouth was awesome. He did however say he got a 6 in hotness and it was almost too much for him!. . Dessert:. Mango Sticky Rice and Fried Banana.. basically 2 thai dessert staples. It's very hard to mess this up and they didn't. Mangoes were fresh, and the fried banana had just the right amount of sweet and crisp.. . Had a great experience here. Server was rushed, but sweet. Will definitely come back, why the 4 stars you ask? Nothing beats my Thai aunts food. That's why :]
Great Thai food at a great price - I love to bring friends here. They've recently tripled the size of their dining room so the growing popularity doesn't really affect your ability to get a table.
I like going a little off course and not always eating on the strip because then I discover places like Lotus of Siam.  . . They have GOOD Thai food.  We ordered the pad thai and spicy yellow curry and couldn't let our forks/chopsticks down.  The curry was perfectly spicy with tons of flavors and NOT watered down (like other cheap Thai places).  The pad thai noodles were perfectly cooked--not too soggy/mushy and just dry enough to appreciate the subtle flavors.. . We packed our big plates to-go and ordered the thai iced tea for dessert.  So good.
Do yourself a favor - make a reservation! . . The restaurant lacks ambiance and is located in a shady strip mall where people will approach you asking if they can wash your car windows for money.. . However, the food is delicious! It's different from most Thai places because they focus on a different region. Super spicy. Wish they'd move back to SoCal.
Hands down the best meal I ate during my recent trip to Las Vegas for RollerCon. My friend and I walked nearly 2 miles to eat here, then had to wait 45 minutes for a table (I would recommend making a reservation), and both the journey and the wait were well worth it.. . My friend is a vegetarian, so she ordered the Pad Thai with a few special requests (she wanted it minus sprouts, loaded up with more veggies, peanut sauce on the side, etc.). Our server was very accommodating and only charged my friend an extra $2 for all the changes she wanted.. . I ordered the Pad Prik King with chicken and asked for it to be "pretty spicy". It was the perfect level of spice (but hey, I like it hot!).. . My friend ordered a glass of wine and I had a Guinness since the alcohol prices were very reasonable. Even with the drinks, our entire bill only came to $40. The glass of wine was the most expensive item.. . I would definitely make the trek to Lotus of Siam again the next time I'm in Vegas!
I came due to the food network, and I have to say it's quite delicious. . . We had the Tom Ka soup extra spicy indeed it was it had at least 4 types of chili! Sooooooooooooo GOOD!!! . The Papya salad was flavorful . The Pad see ew was very tasty. The charbroiled steak was yummy too, tasted very much like carne asada.. Oh and the red chili dip that we came here for specifically was really good too!. The BBQ chicken wasn't :( it was pretty dry. The staff was great too.
Such a wonderful place & is even more charming bc of the humble beginnings! The service is wonderful!
Come for the food - stay for the Riesling!!!. Garlic prawns, crispy duck  and BBQ beef salad were standouts!! An absolute ridiculous selection of beautiful old Rieslings
Wow.  This is the best thai food i've ever had.  Every bite had so much flavor.  Garlic Prawn is a must-have.  Be prepared to wait if you don't have reservations :)
Our wait was an hour long. I couldn't remember waiting that long the first time I was here a few years ago. The restaurant had even just about doubled in size since then too! Though the wait was a bit long, my taste bud experience was well worth the wait. The food was phenomenal. Every dish was very flavorful and the food tasted more authentic than other Thai restaurants. . . The location it's in is kind of shabby looking. Don't judge a book by its cover though; this place is a gem!
If I can use one word to describe the food at this place it would be FLAVORFUL. This was my first time visiting Lotus of Siam and I must say I was impressed. I am not huge Thai food fan, nor do I opt for spicy food given the choice, but I will definitely be returning to LOS. We ordered a bowl of hot and sour soup with chicken (very different from what I am accustomed to, but extremely delicious), duck curry (spicy and delicious), sweet and sour chicken (AWESOME, i ordered a batch to go after the dinner) and I forgot what the last entree was but it was chopped up pork that was very minty with flavorful spices. Overall service was friendly but not pushy, prices reasonable and food delicious. Highly recommend.
My husband and I thought this place was great. We came with no reservations, and the hostess took our phone number so we could either go to the bar or leave during the 45 min wait. . . The waiter was probably what really made this place special. He had a great grasp on the extensive wine list (I ordered a bottle, and he confirmed that I knew what it was I was ordering...I did, but nice that he checked) and gave great recommendations so we could share dishes and have everything still pair nicely with the Riesling. I had the Panang Curry (at an 8, which was perfect) with noodles and my husband had the crispy duck with chili mint leaves. The noodles made for a messy meal, because the curry splashed around as I ate the noodles. The crispy duck was something I've been craving ever since.. . The food came quickly, and our waiter was always nearby if we needed anything. He also came and brought a bucket of ice for our wine - something unexpected at a Thai restaurant. When I ordered the mango with sweet sticky rice (a staple at most Thai places), I was pleased when he advised against it due to the mangoes not being fully ripe.. . Will definitely be eating here again.
We had reservations, which was a good thing - the place was jumping on the weekend.  I was impressed by the breadth of their menu - Northern dishes, Southern dishes, house specialties.  Definitely a welcome change from the strip, and I was impressed by their wine list.
Delicious!  . Would definitely recommend.  All food was well prepared and tasted great.
Nice food! So so service... Wish they would do a better remodeling of this place... But it has that authentic feel...
Lotus of Siam definitely lived up to the hype. The food was really great, particularly with regards to the main courses. Appetizers were all decent, if a tad boring (with the exception of the bacon and wonton-wrapped shrimp). The wontons and dumplings were only offered with chicken, while most of us would have preferred pork. The beer and wine list was quite good, and I even saw one of my favorite IPAs for a jaw-dropping $3.50 (though our table opted for Singhas all around - when in Thai restaurants, right?).. . The entrees are what really got everyone excited. Our table was filled with drunken noodles, pad Thai, curries and more. My crispy duck over drunken noodles was excellent. I mostly stuck to the outer edges since duck is just so fatty by nature, but I was able to get the flavor I wanted from a few of the leaner bites with my delicious noodles. I requested my heat level at a four, which was perfect for me (I like things spicy but not uncomfortably so). A friend requested her shrimp in green curry at a four, and it seemed much hotter. So I'd probably knock that down to a three. . . Even though the food was awesome, the service was a bit spotty at times. It was hard to pinpoint which person was our main server. We had to ask for drink refills more than once and a requested knife was never delivered. Still, I would definitely like to return on my next visit to Las Vegas. . . . *Out of towners, definitely make reservations and know that a cab ride is going to cost you.
Absolutely lived up to everything we were told. Make a reservation a week in advance if you know you're going to be in town. That way you walk right in to your table. Even our cab driver asked us what the deal was with this place because he'd been driving so many people there the last month or so.. . Good wine list and quick service even though they were swamped. Some of the most amazing garlic shrimp I've ever had. They tone down on the spice if you don't ask them to kick it up, otherwise everything tasted fresh. We ordered all over the menu and nothing disappointed.
Lotus of Siam is great.  I read lots of good reviews before coming here, and my friend said his parents know the owner.. . So when I arrived, I asked to talk to the owner, to do some name dropping, and hoping for a discount.  The owner had a blank face when I mentioned the names.   Too bad, no discount for me.. . Wife and I ordered from the menu while the kid had the buffet.  I took a bite or two from his plate, and I gotta say, the buffet isn't as good.  So when you go there, make sure you order off the menu!. . we had the pineapple fried rice and the tom yum soup.  both taste authentic and yummy.  their thai ice tea was good too!. . Would definitely come back!
I have enjoyed every meal I've had here over many trips to LAS. I had the sea bass with papaya salad on this last visit, which was truly one of the best Thai dishes I've had in a long time. Wine and beer list great and well-selected for Thai food. My dining companions were also blown away by the taste of their food. Yes, it is in a terrible location, but over years I've never had a problem in the parking lot. The interior ambiance is well-lit, classy and cheerful. The service is the reason I didn't give 5 stars. It took the waiter 20 minutes to come to the table the first time, he never asked if we wanted drink or water refills, and we waited 20 minutes to get the check. C'mon guys, that's the easy stuff; I can understand and forgive the food taking a while to come out on a busy night, indeed please take your time to make it right, but to be forgotten on drinks and the check? grump, grump, grump...
Of course I went to this resturant because it was on the Food Network.  I had to try it out.  Come to find out I had eaten there many times and it is ALWAYS good!!  Great food and great atmosphere! Drunken noodles were great and much cheaper than Wazuzu...Thanks for the great experience and can't wait to go back.  Nice and early to beat the crowd though!
A true hidden culinary treasure... A great restaurant with beautiful facilities, very clean and friendly with fresh food. I am now eating the lunch buffet and the taste of the food is amazing! Theonly reason I am giving it 4 star rating is the limited number of dishes offered. Come to this place for the QUALITY of the food not the quantity. I would cerainly recommend.
I enjoyed dinner here on my last trip to Las Vegas.  While it is located in a very shady area, the food is ah-mazing.  The inside of the restaurant looks nothing like the outside.  If you're mapping your way to this restaurant, and find yourself sightly nervous because of the inadequate area lighting, you're in the right place.  The restaurant does a good job at sprucing up the atmosphere with white table cloths, and an impressive wine list & glassware.  The food is very authentic and stays true to its Thai flavors and textures.  The restaurant is very busy, I recommend making reservations.
4 of 5 stars...for now.  would i go back? definitely!. . lotus of siam is located south of the strip in a sketchy looking plaza.  dont let the exterior fool you because the food inside is pretty fantastic.  i think they have the hugest selection of thai food ive ever seen (like pages and pages of items on the menu).  i have to say that the pad thai is the best ive had...in my life. really!  the drunken noodles were good too.  the best? no.  but good...possibly 2nd best.  the coconut soup was yummy but definitely over priced.  lastly, we had an appetizer made of minced pork (cant remember the name, sorry) served with fresh veggies and pork rinds.  it was good but not a "must." . . another tip: they have lunch buffet during the week.  they are not open for lunch during the weekend.  also, get there early for dinner or expect a huge line.
The only thing that Lotus of Siam did wrong was being in the wrong place at the wrong time. What do I mean? Well, it had the misfortune of 1) being the dinner we ate AFTER having gone to Jose Andres' e' and 2) being visited a few months AFTER the wife and I had eaten in Portland's Pok Pok.. . If it weren't for those two things, this would've been a five star review all the way. But alas, it wasn't the best meal I'd eaten in 24 hours (though, yes, an unfair comparison) let alone the best Thai I'd had (by which I mean the aforementioned Pok Pok.). . So let me stop the comparisons and just talk about our experience. It's in a strip mall--a sketch strip mall at that. Some (my overly critical parents, for example) might find that a turn off. Others (a-hole Yelpers like me for example) add points given a genuine hole-in-the-wall status. Thankfully, the sketch doesn't extend to the interior.. . We had a group of six. We'd made reservations about a month previous so we had few (if any) hiccups (though we did heed the advice of showing up exactly on time.) The wine list was impressive by hole-in-the-wall Thai joint standards. Actually, it wasn't bad from an objective standpoint either. We'd ordered a few bottles of Reisling, letting the sweetness of the wine counter the spiciness of the food and allowing each diner to bathe in the unfettered air of foodie douchebaggery.. . I ordered the BBQ Pork (Moo Yang). It was tasty and I was pretty pleased with it, though it was kind of one-note. Also, it reminded me of the pork I'd eaten at Tu Lan's, a shady Vietnamese place in SF. Now that's not a bad comparison since I LOVED that pork, but I'd expected something a bit more...Thai.. . My wife ordered a green curry dish. She said it was "okay," and indeed, my sampling of it concurred. She groused, though. "From the reputation of this place, I was expecting to be blown away." Yeah, I guess so. Then again, some places shine with their unexpected dishes--their specials and such--while phoning it in on the same ol', same ol'. I guess this could be one of those places. In fact, I hope so. It's really hard to tell since the majority of our group went the "5 different varieties of curry" route and they too were mildly disappointed.. . Sigh.. . The service was good and friendly. My pork was tasty. The wine flowed easily. But most of my group were perplexed and questioned the LoS's reputation. I don't know, man. Why didn't you guys order the whole fish if you wanted to see what they can do?. . As you can see, I'm a bit torn. I'll give LoS the benefit of the doubt and grant them four stars at least. Hopefully I can return someday and see what they can REALLY do.
I had dinner here tonight and I was satisfied. I had a curry with egg noodle and it was yummy! The chicken satay was fine (nothing better than I had elsewhere), but I would go back the curry was delicious. Some people say this place is overrated, however the food here is yummy. I wish the restaurant was in a nicer location though, the commercial center is not that nice of an area.
This is the best Thai food I've ever had! It was a little difficult finding the place, but I'm so glad I had the patience to look for it and eventually dine there. My college town had about 5-6 Thai restaurant, which I have dined at so I know good Thai food when I taste it. This is a definite winner. I order the pad thai noodles, rice, and red curry...really delicious.. . I've been here only once and will go again and if this place is consistent, then I will definitely upgrade my rating to 5 stars.
After reading the reviews, I was a little skeptical about trying this place, but my boyfriend said that it was pretty good, so I took his word for it.  . . We arrived at about 7:15pm on a Friday and was I already nervous about the location.  At first, I thought that my boyfriend had made a mistake, but no, it's really in a strip mall.  Call my snobby, but I was definitely shocked.  I was also worried about showing up at this time without a reservation.  We were running late for another event, so yes, I was a bit nervous.  As soon as we got there, though, I was able to immediately get a table and a couple of menus. . . I thought that it was a little overpriced, and that our server was a bit slow in refilling our water glasses, but all in all, pretty good dining experience.  . . We ordered the following (and yes, we had them bring everything out at once and we didn't have any leftovers either...definitely starving):. . Beef Satay Sticks - so delicious and full of flavor. . Chicken Satay Sticks - delicious too, but a bit tougher than the beef sticks (so we ate these last). . The accompanying cucumber salad was as good as expected.. . Beef with Pepper Garlic Sauce - the portion was a little smaller than expected, but the garlic pepper sauce was just enough to complement the tenderness of the beef.. . Sea Bass with Ginger - again, the portion was definitely a lot smaller than anticipated, and the sauce seemed to be a bit much for the portion of fish that they gave us, but again it was still delicious, although it felt like i was eating a soup rather than a sea bass dish.. . I'll admit that I was pretty impressed that even though we told the guy that we were in a hurry and the place was fairly packed, we got our food within 15 minutes of ordering.  However, I guess that the guy was a bit too busy to check back on us about our drinks, since I had to flag him down twice to give me a water refill.  . . My only gripes are about the sort of slow service and the portions, prices, and a bit of the food.  All in all, I'm definitely willing to return and try this place out a second time.   . . Whenever I get around to making a return trip, I'm not sure, though, if I'll be able to try anything other than the beef satay or beef with garlic pepper sauce.  Those two dishes are definitely a favorite of mine, at least for now.
Whoa, for some strange reason I haven't written a review on this place; crazy as I've been to Lotus for lunch upwards of 20 times...seriously.  People at my work love this place, and different people have different days they like to go.  Consequently, I think I've been here at least once for each day of the week.  But, as a caveat, I've only done the buffet, although I may be a rebel next time and order off the menu.. . Anyways, my experience has been that the food is generally always good; sometimes, it's better on certain days than others.  Like not a specific day of the week, but for example, sometimes it's better on one particular Wednesday than a previous visit on a Wednesday.  . . One person at work eats religiously at Lotus on Tuesdays for the soup.  I personally think the soup is best on Fridays, not the egg drop soup but the other soup (the name of which I can't remember now).  It's mildly spicy, which I appreciate because I don't love super spicy food, and it also has the right amount of saltiness...really, it hits the spot as the chilly weather descends on Vegas.. . There's also really good mint chicken, and the main chicken dish on Wednesdays is delicious!  However, my favorite part of the buffet is the fried banana rolls, which are always present at the buffet party.  Oh-M-Gee, I would marry those things, you know, if I wasn't already married, if it were possible to marry fried rolls, etc., etc.     . . I wouldn't necessarily crown Lotus the culinary king of the world but it's consistently good, flavorful and satisfying.  And that gets a good mark in my book!
I have to say, the green curry was a big hit with me. The menu is extensive and I love that the meat options include duck. I really enjoyed the roast duck with the drunken noodles. The meal would have been perfect if I didn't start off with their Tom Yum Koong soup. It was waaay too spicy! Don't get me wrong, I like my dishes spicy but their soups just went overboard. If you love spicy food, I would suggest getting the entrees really spicy and opting for milder with the soup and salad. It will make for a more pleasurable dining experience.
Taxis frequently drop off tourists at this ghetto location....but there's definitely a reason for it!  Located in a sketchy strip mall is one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.  Even when I am at other Thai establishments...I daydream about the food here.  . . One stand out dish is the fried garlic prawns with shells (FYI shells can be eaten in this case..).  The sea bass options on the menu are all solid as well.  If you order the typical noodle/rice/curry dishes that are available at other Thai restaurants, you will not be impressed and you will feel you have over paid.  The Northern Thai menu is also delicious and adds a little variety compared to other Thai restaurants in the area....while the menu states the dishes are more mild...they still left my mouth on fire.. . Lotus also has a buffet lunch option.. especially if you are on a time crunch.  Very basic dishes like pad thai, pad see ew, vegetable curry, and assortment of fried foods (tempura, chicken wings, egg rolls) are set out in the middle of the restaurant and constantly filled.  The stand out items in the buffet lunch are the fried chicken wings and the coconut/banana egg roll.  For the price you pay...definitely worth a try!
Everything was delicious.  Loved it and will surely be back.  We got there when they opened and the place filled up fast.  We had:. Nam kao tod, the crispy rice appetizer was a wonderful mix of flavors.  I would have ordered a2nd one, but was soon full.. Tom yum soup with prawns.  Good heat.. Sea bass with Panang curry sauce.  A foil package of flavor.. Crispy duck with drunken noodles. Sticky rice for 4. A side of peanut sauce.  Very curry in flavor.. A side of basil sauce (same as on the noodles). 4 thai teas, 1 thai coffee and 1 soda with unlimited refills for $111. No room for dessert :0(. The portions were on the smaller side, but we left full and happy. So -1 star for that and the location.. Extensive wine list.
Word on the street is that there are three great Thai restaurants right now: Jitlada (Hollywood), Pok Pok (Portland), and Lotus of Siam (Vegas).  In Fall 2011, Mr R and I set out to try all three.  We lovingly referred to it as our Thai Trifecta, or Thai-fecta, if you will. . . We completed the Thai-fecta in December by visiting Lotus of Siam. . . The place is huge but cleaner and nicer than its strip mall implies. We arrived on a Saturday night at about 8:45 and we were seated after a 5 minute wait.. . We had already studied the menu and knew what we'd order:. . Nam Kao Tod - it was exactly as I imagined, but still not my favorite dish.  The lime in some Thai foods is not my favorite and this was a spicy, crunchy rice (not like fried rice, but more like a rice krispie) with sour sausage, onions, spice...and lots of lime.  It was pretty spicy so I ate it with cucumbers.. . Spicy Drunken Noodles with Prawns - I love drunken noodles and these were pretty good. The prawns were huge and meaty - they still had the shells and little baby legs on them.  I confirmed a few times, "we eat the shell, right?" and they said yes. So I did. I could manage the shell but the legs freaked me out a bit.. . Nam Prick Ong - Mr R loved this and I liked it a lot. Its spicy ground pork with red chiles that you scoop onto vegetables, pork rinds, or sticky rice.  We ordered the sticky rice just to keep our options open, but I really enjoyed it with the carrots and pork rinds. The rice made it more filling and wasn't necessary.  . . Overall, Lotus of Siam was good and we'd come back.  . . The entire Thai-fecta was an interesting exercise and while these are three great restaurants known for overall great food and a couple of really unique or famous dishes - I still love my local favorite Thai places.
Food is Northern Thai style and you can get things that you normally would not be able to get in other Thai restaurants. If you want Pad Thai, they have it but I would get something more adventurous. Tried the curry noodles, papaya salad, pork Hunglae curry, northern style sausage, and crispy rice salad. MY least favorite dish was the crispy rice salad but overall the food was very good, and just as good as the places I eat at in NYC. They have a ridiculous wine list, so if you are in the mood for wine, take a look at the list.
LOS has enough reviews to give you a good enough idea that it will indeed raise the bar for your Thai food experiences. I was looking forward to dining here but managed my expectations (see: not banking on it being a life-changing experience) and was pleased with the quality of the food and fantastic service. So much so that a couple of weeks later when I was apparently dying of the plague, I dragged myself out of bed to go get take out from there because let's get real: tom kha kai is the Southeastern Asian version of chicken noodle soup.. . The tom kha kai here is wonderfully balanced and what I really liked was that the chicken wasn't tough. I've frequently had this soup with unhappy pieces of rubbery chicken floating in it, but at LOS the chicken is cooked perfectly meaning they didn't leave it boiling in the soup forever. There's also a good amount of vegetables which could make you feel less guilty about eating an entire hot pot by yourself (which I would've had it been socially acceptable). Also enjoyed here were the drunken noodles which I'd never had before anywhere. Sauce=amazing. Amount of seafood=criminally abundant. They don't skimp on the seafood in this dish and it's pretty reasonably priced for what you get.. . LOS is worth a trek for an authentic Thai food experience. There's nothing fancy or pretentious about the place but don't let the tiny appearance of the restaurant fool you-there are big flavors inside that are prepared and served with more class than most restaurants on the Strip.
***Lotus of Siam is a very good Thai restaurant and easily the best value I've ever had in Vegas, which is filled with overpriced and mediocre restaurants***. . Lotus of Siam is a very well respected Thai restaurant in Las Vegas (it recently won a James Beard award).  The restaurant is off The Strip but not too far away.  The restaurant is located in a deserted kind of strip mall and has a no frills decor, but it is nice enough.  The restaurant is clean and has warm colors (the walls are outfitted with many photos--I guess with pictures of celebrities though I did not take a close look).  The restaurant is also bigger than I expected and was very busy (luckily, we had reservations).. . The menu at Lotus of Siam is huge.  There is an unbelievable number of dishes and they range from all kinds of proteins (beef, pork, shrimp, chicken, many kinds of fish) to many different types (soups, salads, noodles, appetizers, and so on).  We tried several things.  Here is the rundown.. . (Deep fried chicken wings stuffed with ground pork and served with sweet and sour sauce).  The chicken wings were moist and flavorful as well as crispy (and not greasy).  The sauce was thin and mostly sweet.. . (Tom Yum Kung hot and sour soup with shrimp, lime juice, lemongrass, and straw mushrooms) The soup had a strong citrus flavor as well as good fragrance from the fresh herbs.  There was a very generous portion of shrimp, which were plump and moist.  The soup was surprisingly spicy and left quite the tingling on the tongue.. . (Thai Beef salad with onion, tomato, chili, lime juice, and greens) I liked this one more than my friends, who were surprised by its lack of salad-ness.  The salad was mostly a stir fry, but the meat was nicely cooked and had a good flavor.  I liked the lime flavor as well as the moistness of the plate.. . (Charbroiled prawns with garlic black pepper sauce) The prawns were big, moist and tender.  The garlic black pepper sauce was good and not too overpowering.. . (Pad Thai with chicken, egg, green onion, bean sprouts, and chopped peanut and Thai fried rice with shrimp, egg, onion, and tomato) Their Pad Thai and their fried rice were the only disappointing dishes of the night.  The noodles were too soft and clumped together too much.  The other ingredients were fine, but the overall flavor was nothing special compared to other Thai spots I've tried.  The same could be said for their fried rice.. . (Crispy duck with chili, mint leaves and Thai basil) The duck was very good--moist but with a great crispy and crunchy outside batter.  The garnishes were flavorful and fragrant.. . (Braised beef short rib panang with a red cream curry sauce and cognac) The creamy sauce was great--great flavor and incredible fragrance.  The short rib was just okay.  While mostly tender, the short rib varied from kind of dry in some parts to too fatty in other parts.. . (Fried banana rolls) I liked the very egg roll-like wrapper (crispy, thin and not too sweet).  The banana was sweet and good.  I liked it, but it was nothing exceptional.. . (Coconut ice cream) The ice cream had a good flavor and was creamy, but it was a little sorbet like.. . Service was friendly, but it did take a while for us to put in our order.  The first dishes took a little bit of time to come out and I wished that our second run of dishes would have been spaced apart more (too much came out at the same time).. . Prices were very good.  Given the quality and the fact that Lotus of Siam is in Vegas, the meal was easily the best bang-for-your-buck meal I've ever had in Vegas.. . While I am not that experienced with Thai food, I really enjoyed Lotus of Siam.  Many of the dishes were good.  Since Las Vegas has so many overpriced restaurants, it was very refreshing to try a place like Lotus of Siam where you could spend less but not sacrifice in terms of quality.  If I was ever in Vegas again with a big group and needed a satisfying but also reasonably priced dinner, we would definitely head to Lotus of Siam.. . The strip mall has a huge and free parking lot.
I have dined here twice, once in May of 2010 and recently in January of 2012.  LOS does NOT disappoint!  The buffet for lunch is great!  There are a lot of choices, the food is fresh and everything has its own, unique taste.  The Pad Thai and Green Curry should not be missed.  Even the Curry Rolls, like a sweet turnover for desert are super.  My two fellow diners ordered off the menu and were very pleased, but I prefer the variety of the buffet. You won't be disappointed here.  Go and enjoy!
Make a reservation!. This was easily the best Thai food I've ever had, and it's crowded for a reason.  It's totally worth the trip off the strip to get the most amazing authentic Thai food.  Everything, the vegetables, meats and seafood were all fresh and cooked perfectly.  Be careful with the spice levels though, if you don't usually have spicy foods, don't be brave.  The servers were super patient and very helpful too.
At the advice of a foodie and my wife's research we decided to give this a try.   We had  crispy rice appetizer and I must say it was fragrant and crunch and wonderful spicy (we chose mild).  The dish was a bit salty and the vegetables were great is perfect to offset it's saltiness - I just wish there was more vegetables to go with this dish.   I ordered the Tom Yum Noodle Soup (I didn't specify and was quite spicy).  My wife had the Drunken Seafood Noodle (she wanted it mild) the taste of basil with the seafood is very good.  I suggest going with mild if it is your first time there.  Waiters are very attentive, friendly, and will answer any questions you may have.   Defiantly will be returning, the next time we are in town.
Hit this place with a date. Looks tiny from the outside but opens up into a pretty decent sized place. I enjoyed the food, ordered 10 spicy and it wasn't really that hot, but good flavor. I had some Fish and the girl had same. I would like to work my way through the menu here. So you will see some updates!
This great spot was the highlight of my "off the strip" eating adventures this past trip to Last Vegas. Now...most people will simple keep on driving when they come to see the strip mall that Lotus of Siam is situated in. But trust me fellow Yelpers...come on it. You just need to get past the panhandler in the parking lot asking for change in return for washing your windows.. Inside you get a whole other feel. This is an "older" restaurant...but doesn't make you feel like it is run down, or past it's prime at all. The service was spot on, the area was clean...And the food was one of the only things that got me thru my week of Vegas work. I came in here twice over a 3 day period, and almost made it three times! The Thai iced tea was fantastic, the Spicy Vegi soup was so tasty I wished I had ordered two...the PaNang curry was spot on (fried tofu is definitely the way to go over steamed, by the way) and the flat noodles with sauce (who's name escapes me) was a welcome change.. If you are in town, you need to make the trip off the strip and over to Lotus of Siam...Trust Me!
They have great food!!. I ate here 3 times and tried different things every time and everything was so great.. (loved loved their duck with drunken noodle). . I reduced one star because . 1) little portion - 3 girls, had to order 4 dishes and my friends don't even eat much.. 2) MSG - my body somehow overreacts everytime I eat too much MSG, and I had to drink a lot of water everytime I ate here.. 3) service - theyobviously want you to leave right after you finished with your dish.. . but despite the fact that I had to drink a gallon of water everytime I eat here. I will definitely be back here to eat. . their food was that good.
Best Thai Food in Las Vegas by far. Be prepared to wait because this place does get busy. It's for alot of locals but if you know places to go in Vegas it's a must stop. If you order the papaya salad make sure to scale how spicy you want it made because it can't get off the charts. Order the garlic prawn, its semi deshelled but the shell is fried crispy enough to eat. It's my favorite dish and so far the best shrimp I have ever had. I been trying to find places in Houston that carries this but so far haven't found on yet. I'm definetly a fan for life. Must try this place if visit Vegas.
I hate drinking water. I eat Thai food to make me drink water, in a sort of reverse psychology style. Its the art of getting food ridiculously hot but not so hot your ears start ringing. Green curry at a #7 was even a little excessive...four glasses of water and 2 diet cokes later, I still had Angelina Jolie lips (or felt like it) for a good 20 minutes after I was finished eating. However, my friend's #7 pad thai wasn't hardly hot at all. Chicken satay was good, although the peanut sauce was a little bland. Really good, affordable food
Wondertum.
Wide selection of everything.. . Plenty of seating and reasonable prices.. . Good place to go that's off the strip and you are craving thai.. . The shrimp dish was really good.. . If you go though, I would recommend to go with a group of four or more so you can all order something different and sample each other's dishes.
My favorite Thai place in Vegas.  This place is pretty good but I'm not sure if it's worth the cab fare from the strip to and fro.  But my friends always seem to want at least one meal here.. . It is a nice break from the hotels and buffets on the strip.  If you ask for the food to be spicy, they will make it spicy...no joke.. . i've had most of the dishes on the menu and I think their special shrimp dish is probably best.  It's like a small piece of shrimp that is fried with bacon.
Best Thai I've found in Las Vegas. It is in the sketchiest little strip mall I've ever seen, but once you get inside you forget all about that.. . I always bring out-of-town friends here, because it's inexpensive, it's pretty quick and it's DELICIOUS.
Lotus of Siam is nestled in this bizarre world of tranny bars and swinger clubs.  Off of Sahara, in this plaza that is like a whole nother world!. . We went here for lunch and I was super excited to try this place.  While I am partial to Pin Kaow, this place is delicious!. . My friend did the lunch buffet.  Everyday they have different food at the buffet and so many things to try!  She loved the egg (??) soup the best!. . I ordered Chicken Pad Thai at 5 spice.  (I know, not very daring!) It was very good!  I felt a little rushed when trying to figure out what I wanted to eat, because their menu is HUGE!  Next time, I will check it out online before I go!. . It was interesting sitting in there, mostly because there was some sort of wine convention or something going on and all the tables were filled with people drinking wine and on their laptops.  Very interesting.. . The down side was the service.  We got there around 12pm and at 1:15pm we never saw anyone after they delivered my one plate of food.  So we found someone and asked for the bill.  Twice.  Then I paid cash.  And had to ask for my change.  Twice.. . Other than that, I would totally be back!
Party of nine co-workers sat down for lunch on March 23, 2012.   I ordered #65 the whole catfish with vegetables.   The server asked what level of spicy from 1 to 10.  I chose 10 then changed it to a 9.   It was spicy and delicious $35.00 and $44 after tip and tax.  . . Co-workers ordered the drunk fried shrimp and drunk chicken and noodles; both looked amazing.      Other orders were the pad thai, chicken satay and chow mein.  Everyone cleared their plates, however the plates did not look out of the ordinary.  . . The food came out at different times.   So, we did not all start or finish at the same time.   The waiter added an 18% tip for the whole table and then took about 30 minutes to collect credit cards and cash on three separate visits. . . This is not an elegant restaurant.  The strip-mall is the perfect scene for the show Cops.   Bad boys, bad boys... what you gonna do when they come for you ...?. . Overall my catfish was outstanding; this is the reason for the four stars.
Best thai food in Vegas! Its off strip in an old part of town - surrounded by dive bars/pool halls and Korean BBQ.  Amazing wine list; casual place and a recent facelift for half of the restaurant.  Lunch can be a buffet or menu.  Great spice and  delicious food!
Delicious Vegas Thai restaurant located close to Chinatown.  They're known for their fried catfish entree (according to my friend) but other stuff on the menu is also good. We came in during lunch and they have a buffet deal which is really popular, but we ordered off the menu because it looked like buffet food you could get in Hollywood Thai Town.  We had the beef salad, catfish fillet, shrimp bacon appetizer, pad thai.  The catfish fillet was small though and was just ok.  Next time we should order the whole fish to get a better sense of the meal. The dishes were good and we could taste the love they put in them.  Will come back to try other great dishes.
In great anticipation, we made our way from our hotel to the restaurant.  We were there at 5:45 and had no problems being seated right away. . . We had the #14 nam kao tod meat salad, garlic prawns, tom kha gai soup and crispy duck on drunken noodles.  It was a lot of food, enough for a doggie bag for later too.  . To drink, Thai ice tea (creamy almost like an iced coffee) and a Thai Lime drink  (refreshing but too sweet, ask for less sugar). . . Total came to around $75.00 for the two of us.  . . Now, I may be crucified for this but, it wasn't knock my socks offamazing.  It was delicious, but I've been spoiled with Thai food here in Toronto.  We go to Express Thai on Dufferin which is owned and operated by a Thai family, and I feel the flavours there are just as fresh and authentic as Lotus of Siam.  We ordered all the things that were rec'd to us, but next time I'll have to be a bit more adventurous with our choices to really experience the magic of this place.
I can say this could be one of the BEST Thai Restaurant outside of Thailand, or Thai Town, Hollywood. The only complaint I have is the papaya salad could be more authentic with ingredients such as Thai green beans, salty crab, dried shrimp and more spices. . . But I will definitely come back with friends to try the many dishes they have on their menu.
A reservation documented incorrectly was quickly corrected by the lovely ladies of Lotus of Siam. (penciled in for Saturday instead of Friday). We were seated despite the mix up AND before our "reservation" time.  Low and behold, I am impressed, we were off to a good start! . . With all of my party seated and accounted for, our food server for the evening promptly took down our appetizer orders. Much to my continued surprise by the stellar service at this Thai house of awesomeness, our food arrived in a timely fashion and our orders were not only CORRECT, but none forgotten! . . The only glitch in the evening was during dinner service; one or two meals trickled out behind the rest. When I inquired within, it was explained that they have several cooks preparing at different stations so the timing for each meal prepared is not always exactly on point with the rest. With that being said, all is forgiven for these delicious eats.. .  It's quite a daunting task for most restaurant establishments to place the correct order, number one, let alone place it and not forget to bring it all to the table at the same time.. . My take on food quality is this. Quite tasty. Being oh so unoriginal, I ordered the Pad Thai and vegetable fried rice. I know, I know.. for someone so creative there is a lot to be said about my creativity while dining..but I digress.. . The Pad Thai was exceptionally delicious, not dry, noodles cooked to perfection. Dislike: the server did fail to ask me at what heat level I would like my dish therefore I was left with absolutely NO spice what so ever. I may be unoriginal in dining dish decision making, but I do like to spice things up..with spices.. . In closing, Lotus of Siam's exceptional customer service, attention to detail (& ability to overcome clarical errors), and hell attention to our large party in general would have us coming back for more.
I have been here twice now and it does not disappoint. I came once for dinner and once for lunch. Other than the bums out in the parking lot asking for money, this place is spot on when it comes to Thai food. . . I have tried their pad thai, panang curry with chicken and this amazing seafood dish with assorted seafood, veggies and this to die for sauce. Everything was really good, flavorful and came out pipping hot. . . This place is super busy all the time. I did come for lunch on a Tuesday, and the gentleman sitting next to me told me I had to try the soup of the day as it is only served on Tuesdays and he said he has been coming back every Tuesday for over 10 years. Next time I am trying the soup he was suggesting.
Great food, but not amazing thai food.  Still, I would recommend this to people who are looking to get away from the chains, buffets, and mostly americanized food on the strip.  It's nearby and pretty good.  It seems more authentic than most other places and has a wide variety of Thai dishes.  . . Nam Kao Tod: slightly sour, which is a little weird at first, but overall I really liked this dish.  Yumm crispy rice.  . . musaman curry - To be honest the curry was a little thin and the flavor wasn't as deep and rich with spice as this place in Houston I love.  Ever since I ate the "masamun curry" there, that's the benchmark I place other curries at.  Lotus' curry was just so so.  However, the beef was great!  Super tender.  . . Drunken noodles - Really tasty.  I would recommend this dish.  we got it with seafood, but there's a whole bunch of other variations you can get the noodles with.  . . I think the last thing we got was the red curry, but I'm not sure - I liked it better than the musaman curry, richer flavoring.  Decent choice.  . . Service: really good for an Asian restaurant in a sketchy looking stripmall.  The restaurant's a bit fancier than most asian places you go to, and the waitstaff is very polite and attentive.
Believe the hype - this place is spectacular! I discovered my absolutely favorite duck dish (crispy duck w/ panang curry) in the world here! The service is friendly, but a bit slow, so plan accordingly. We came for lunch, but I think it would be interesting and fun to have dinner here. For lunch, the front dining room is set up with the buffet. If you're in the larger (seems new remodeled) back dining room, you get a good view of their very impressive wine cellar. . . Only quibble: husband's superb drunken noodles with seafood had fake crab. HUGE pet peeve of mine and what prevents a perfect "5 star" for this place. It tastes nothing like real crab and adds nothing to a dish. I do not get this ingredient at all. Doesn't matter, we'll still be back!
My Vegas promoter insisted this place was the BEST place for food in Las Vegas, NV. So my friends and I stopped by on the way home one February afternoon. We were unaware that they had a buffet special and came after the buffet hours were over. Not sure what the buffet deal is anyways.. . Ordered the beef larb, because my favorite promoter, Bhagya of Marquee, raved about how good it was. I thought it would come with rice but it doesn't. It's okay though. Very flavorful, nonetheless. We also order the traditional Pad Thai, in which it was not super oily. Thank gosh, because we all know I don't like oily Pad Thai. We also ordered soup but I forgot what kind it was. The Panang was very creamy and filled with veggies and meat. They don't cheap out. . . Pricing wise, not bad for Vegas food. I can see why my promoter liked the place so much. They were very attentive and there were a lot of waiters/waitresses when we were there. It is located inside a plaza, so keep a look out. Lots of parking due to a huge parking lot that is full of empty space. Worth trying if you're ever in Vegas.. . OH! And if you and your girls need a Vegas promoter for clubs, message me. :)
Visitor Notice - this is not some place I think I would have ever have gone had I not been taken here by a lovely local. Located in a bit of a gritty strip center. The physical space is an odd amalgamation of upscale pretension and church recreation room with a nifty wine cellar thrown in. Maybe this is a hidden gem for "out of towners"; but it was certainly packed on a recent Saturday visit. Though the bar area was wide-open.. . The food is awesome - everything I tried was exceptional and worthy of 5 stars. The stuffed chicken wing is the BEST - it is a chicken wing stuffed with pork and deep fried! What's not to love....Other favorites were garlic shrimp (the shells were the best part) and the crispy duck. My dining companion enjoyed her uber large bowl of noodle goodness. Great selection of German Riesling wines with some very rare finds at fair prices. The service is a bit spotty and I had to flag down some one on a few occasions. Let's hope the tourists don't find out about this place and we can keep it our little naughty dining secret.. . Looking forward to my next visit to the Lotus of Siam.
D E L I C I O U S. . My only complaint is that I can't get my roommate to share spicy dishes with me, otherwise excellent everything!
This is one tricky place to review.  The force (of hype) is strong with this one, and while it's almost always a good meal when I visit, it also almost always fails to meet my lofty expectations.  Is that something to hold against a restaurant?   If it's supposed to be one of the best in Las Vegas but turns out to just be yet another great Thai restaurant?  Maybe I should just get to the point and start talking about the food:. . Been here several times, and almost each time I tried something different because unlike several people I know I AM NOT A SLAVE TO PARTICULAR DISHES.  Here's a list of what I can remember having and thoughts on each.  None of the appetizers I've had (Koong Sarong, prawns wrapped in bacon and deep fried / Mee Krob - crispy noodles with chicken and shrimp /  Nam Kao Tod - see all other reviews ) have blown my mind, but all were decent.  I don't really get the hoopla over the Nam Kao Tod.  Have none of ya'll ever had rice krispies before or something?   . . I've done a few of the soups and those were good.   Be careful on ordering those with heavy spice.  I swear one time I asked for a 5 /10 on some Tom Yum Kung and nearly passed out from dehydration after 3 sips.  Another time I got the Seafood Soup at a 7/10 and barely touched my water.  SHRUG.   Taste was fine on both, nothing to put it above and beyond any other Thai restaurants I've had.. . Salads I've tried include the Spicy Squid Salad (VERY hot @  7/10), and I liked that one a lot.  One thing I'll say is the ingredients always seem fresh which stands out in uncooked dishes like the salads.  I absolutely disliked the Spicy Shrimp Salad.  Whatever makes up their "secret sauce" simply has a flavor I do not enjoy, and it was DRENCHED with this.  No more secrets for me Saipin!  I'm onto you.  I also have had the Catfish Salad and Soft Shell Crab Salad.   Both of these were good, but ultimately not worth the cost.   One thing I should note is that I generally HATE salads, so maybe I should stop ordering them and talking about them in reviews.. . For standard entrees I've mostly stuck with their Curries and have never been disappointed in any of them.   None have been made me completely forgo the competition around Las Vegas but they certainly rank among the best I've had.. . At this rate all I've described would normally lead me to give a place a 3, but what makes me give it an end result of 4 is one thing and one thing only:  SEA BASS WITH DRUNKEN NOODLES.   FFS it's $29 but it's worth every penny and then some.  Just a spectacular dish that alone is worth 5 stars and would make me bump any review up a star.   Yes even the Post Office on Pebble and Bermuda.
I intended to make the Lunch UYE here on my exotic chopper rental, but, alas I got held up... Still, having already made it there, I decided to refuel myself and get a snack + thai iced tea. The grilled chicken satay skewers were tasty and great drink. The buffet side was nice, but the other side was rather more sleek. Nice service.
Probably not the best Thai food I've ever had since Thai Town in LA is closer than Vegas, but this place did impress me.  I don't think I can count how many times people have mentioned Lotus of Siam to me in passing.  Lotus of Siam is tucked away in a strip mall on Sahara away from the Las Vegas Strip.  It's somewhat small and unassuming but the food is pretty good.  They do have the chili condiments on the side ifyou request it because everyone enjoys different levels of heat in their food.  . . My friends and I met up for a SoCal UYE of sorts while here on Yelp Spring Break.  We arrived before the restaurant opened for lunch.  At lunch they offer an AYCE buffet for $10.99 but you can also order a la carte too.  We decided to order off of the menu.  . . We tried: . . Crispy Duck (5 stars) - By far my favorite dish, the duck was de-boned and fried to a crisp with excellent flavor.. Chicken Satay (4 stars) - I thought the chicken was perfectly cooked.  It's really easy to overcook chicken but this was great.  The peanut dipping sauce and cucumber salad condiments were spot on.. Yellow Curry (3 stars) - Pretty standard curry but the vegetables were undercooked.  I like my curry vegetables to be a little softer.. Pad See Ew with beef (3 stars) - Pretty standard.  The noodles were soft and the Chinese broccoli was good.  . . The service was ok at best.  We did ask for a large table because we were expecting a large party, however, we were stood up.  The waiter expressed that they could split our bill into 4 but that was the max he would do.  After our dishes were brought out, he disappeared until we had to flag him down for our check.  No matter.  The food was good, we were happy.  No reservations for lunch but they take reservations for dinner.
The menu is very adventurous at Lotus of Siam but I didn't explore outside of my usual "Thai" dinner.  Pad thai noodle consistency was near perfect but definitely over-seasoned for my taste.  Mango and sticky rice was fantastic, pineapple curry fried rice was nice.  The rest of our table enjoyed a crispy pompano, shrimp curry, crab fried rice and crispy tofu.  They are definitely busy but service still managed to be decent.  Considering the very high ratings for this restaurant, I can't help but feel I may have missed whatever it is that makes it a five star winner.
We went to Lotus of Siam last night.  We were seated 15 minutes early, which was great.  Beautiful menu and wine list.  We ordered appetizers and entrees quickly.  Within 10 minutes we had our apps.  However, we watched other tables pay their bills, new folks get seated, and have food served before our main entrees came.  We waited at least an hour before our waiter (who was running around working hard all night) noticed we didn't have our food.  His excuse was that the kitchen was packed.  We believed this because the restaurant was packed, but he wasn't telling the truth because other tables who were seated after us were finishing up their meals and paying their bills.  Kind of a bummer not to be comped on anything when it was clear our order was messed up somehow.  I know accidents happen, but admit it!  I still gave 4 stars because the wait staff was very nice and friendly and the food was unbelievable, unlike any Thai I've had.  I'd definitely go back!
upon first reaction to the exterior of the restaurant you question to yourself how can this place be awarded with  2 Michelin stars! ?. you enter and again, your mind is blown by the Denny's-like interior but slightly fancier with a wall of wine cellar. All joking aside, the restroom is probably the most fanciest part of the restaurant with back to back cleaners and marble sinks and walls. . . i digress, so now the food :. . I ordered the meatless egg roll, and the veggie pad thai. . egg roll was just egg roll. . the pad thai was extremely sweet and i def had better! i didnt even finish HALF of the plate. . instead my favorite dish of the evening really surprised even myself, as i am not one for Spicy food. I noticed on the menu with big bold letters under Northern food - a popular veggie dish was this mushroom, which essentially was basically like a salsa to your chip, but instead of salsa its this delicious mushroom, spicy sauce with veggies surrounding it. IT was extremely spicy but like an addict i couldnt stop hurting myself! . . everyone really enjoyed there food as well, mouth of blazin'. . dessert- we ordered coconut ice cream and mango sticky rice both was pretty amazing !
I hit this place up for lunch while at a convention in Vegas.  It was recommended by a few people so I figured I would give it a shot.  Some of the best Thai food I've had.  This is a no frills type of establishment.  Great food, solid service, but little ambiance.  I would certainly recommend this place and would go back. However, getting back to the convention hall was quite the experience.  After waiting for about 30 minutes for a cab, the hostess felt so bad she sent one of the kitchen's employees to drive us back.  That was above and beyond service.
People I know have been ranting about Lotus and sure enough, I had a decently good experience at this eatery. The food was great. A lot of flavors and a lot of citrus (which I love), and the service was pretty good too. The only thing is that the place is a little small and you might want to call in and make sure they can reserve a table for you. All in all, would go back!!. . Food: 7.5 - 8. Service: 7.5 - 8
3.5 stars . . this place is aight went here the other day with my poker roommates. Not really a thai food kinda guy but this is one of the better ones that i have been to i must admit. . Pros - food is actually pretty good. we basically went to town on the whole menu.  .     the fried wontons to start are really good..     theyre green curry has a nice lil kik to it def recommended. . Cons - Hard to find. Located in a pretty sketch area.    they dont give you much food... so you have to order like 10 diff things..    pineapple fried rice wasnt very good.  how can you mess up rice??? but .        apparently you can. . recommended but not open till very late which sux because I think everything in Vegas should be open 24/7
Trusted yelpers and glad I did. This place is the go to Thai food when you're in Vegas.. . I'm reserving the 5 star rating until I try the bar setting dishes like pad Thai or pud se ew. I did try the tom yum koong and garlic prawns and both dishes were fantastic! . . spiciness tip: if you can eat really spicy food, get level 7. we made the mistake of ordering level 8 and wow, my mouth was on fire the whole meal.
It's a far trek from the strip, but if you've got a car, it's definitely worth it to stop by mid-trip! I'd say...it's not worth it if you're driving/heading back home, and thus would have to suffer through traffic after lunch.. . Oddly, the Tom Yum Soup came out last, and was lukewarm; however, is delicious. I also love how they ask "how spicy" on every single dish you order.. . The Drunken Noodles, with Duck was fantastic. Classic, Pad See Ew.. . They also have a lot of Northern (Burmese) dishes, which are rarely found in Thai restauarants. The only other Kao Soi I've heard being served, is in Portland, OR. And we've never seen the "Green Chili Dip" anywhere else.. . They also have an inch thick menu of just wines! Amazing!
When I ask for "Thai Spice" at home in Pittsburgh, they tell me it's like getting a 15 or 20 out of 10 on the spice level scale. So when I ordered a 10 here, and the waiter said that Thai Spice was 7, I regret not lowering my spice level. Paid for it the next day for sure.. . However, fried tofu and pork "jerky" apps were both excellent, and the roasted duck curry was very nice. . . Service was great, and although I essentially ordered hot laval as an entree, it was nice to be beaten by the slice for once.
I always give my left overs to the homeless people hanging outside and immediately regret it because the food is so good.
At long last, I was finally able to pay a visit to Lotus of Siam after twisting the arms of some friends to go off the strip for a dinner. . . The strip mall in which LoS is located is not easy on the eyes by any stretch, and finding it for the first time may take a great spotter riding shotgun.  However, the inside of the restaurant is nice enough--certainly more so than the outside.. . I was most impressed by two of our dishes on the night we went: (1) Tom Yum Kai and (2) Pad Thai. The Tom Yum was, for me, the perfect balance of spicy and sour. Some Tom Yums I've had tend to lean more toward the sweet/sour combo, so I loved LoS' rendition. The broth was pure tasting with the wonderful flavor of lemongrass which was not overpowering. . . For their Pad Thai, LoS uses round noodles, making them different from the flat noodles I've had at every other Thai restaurant I've been to. The sauce for their Pad Thai was otherworldly. . . We also had the mee kraab appetizer, green curry with tofu, and a Northern Thai curry dish with egg noodles and pickled vegetables. The mee kraab was very sweet with a hint of fish sauce, and was enjoyed by all at our table. I particularly loved the green curry, spicy, that was accented with wonderfully-cooked eggplant. And finally, I felt the Northern Thai dish was a bit one-dimensional with a heavy-handed red curry broth. . . LoS met the high expectations I had. When I return, however, I'll be sure to tell them to omit MSG from all my dishes, since they cook with it by default (but our server said they'll gladly leave it out upon request). LoS is a welcome respite from the strip--a very "normal" restaurant amidst the glitz and glamor of all that Vegas embodies. However, unlike most of Vegas, the quality of the food far outpaces the price.
I ate here with 3 dining companions a couple of weeks ago for my 30th. birthday.  We were initially going to go to Komol but were swayed by. the concierge at the taxi stand after he told us that Lotus of Siam. was world famous.  I still am not sure of that distinction but there. were pictures of famous people including Mario Batali all around the. restaurant with a lady whom I assume is the owner.. . We decided to start off our meals with both the Moo Dad Dea (Pork. Jerky Thai Style) and Golden Tofu.  The tofu was fried perfectly which. gave it a good texture on the outside that almost made it al dente.. It's sweet and sour sauce was nice as well giving the tofu a great. overall flavor.  The pork jerky was an interesting dish but also good..   For some reason it reminded me of some fried pork belly that I had. enjoyed previously and it was quickly gone between the three meat. eaters at the table.  For my entree I asked the server what the most. popular dishes in the restaurant were.  He mentioned the crispy duck. and something else but since I already had been looking at the duck, I. ended up ordering that.  Whenever I was asked how spicy I wanted it on. scale of 1 to 10, I replied "Thai Spicy".  You see in Pittsburgh, Thai. spicy is somewhere around a 15 or 20 on that scale.  However the. waiter said that their Thai spicy was a 7 and I ended up asking him. for a 10 instead.  Since I love spicy food it was not necessarily a. mistake but I did have tears in my eyes during most of the meal.  I. also had two other dining companions that could not finish their meals. due to the spice level with one of those dishes only being a 5.  So I. would have to recommend that you are careful in the spice level that. you order here.  Anyways, my crispy duck ended up tasting good, at. least what I could taste of it beyond the heat.  It was not at all. greasy and had some crunch whenever I bit into it.. . The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in. the future.  I really enjoyed their food and also noticed some other. interesting looking dishes on their menu that I would like to try. whenever my mouth wasn't on fire.
I don't live in Vegas, so when I saw there website I was super surprised walking in. It was much more down to earth, (props to whoever prepared there site). We didn't make reservations but took about 40 mins to sit down, which was understandable, they were busy and not a huge restaurant. I ordered jackfruit and curry which had a nice spice to it. It was my first time having jackfruit, it was different, but good, not an explosive flavor. The curry was extremely good. I'm not surprised that this restaurant is such a hit with the locals.
Very good food. Pad Thai was very tasty and flavorful. Line was out the door on a Thursday. I ordered for pick up so I didn't have the chance to dine in. However, the place looked very welcoming inside with a large wine cellar in the front.
I came here with great expectations because everyone talks about it so much. I'd say it's pretty justified. Not the best place I've ever been for Thai food, but by far the most selection, knowledgeability, and quality across the board.. . If it's your first time, tell the waiter what you like and he'll make some recommendations. What ever you do, if the sticky rice with mango is on the menu... get it.
A very good place to go for Thai food. We ordered the Thai fried rice, green curry, garlic prawn, and the drunken noodles. All food was a bit spicier than expected but I love spicy food. The Thai fried rice was average but everything else was delicious. The drunken noodles had sea bass which was crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside with sweet and spicy noodles. Perfect balance of sweet and spicy along with crunchy and soft. The Curry was very creamy with chicken and bamboo, I usually don't like bamboo but this was amazing. My only complaint was that four dishes cost $80....Delicious food but fairly expensive. The serving sizes are also not very generous....
I am not a fan of Thai food but the family wan't it while we were here Vegas. So I went with the flow and we arrived at 7:30 and the place was packed. Thank goodness for reservations!. When you first arrive it is located on a strip mall and very easy to find. We entered and the place looked kind of small I thought, then while we had to wait for table thought I would go to the bar and have a drink to wait. The place another dining section. While passing through they had a wine room I thought wow! . Had a drink and looked at the table to see what other diners were eating and the smell of the dishes were making my mouth watery. I was thinking may not be bad at all to try Thai!. We sat down and ordered:. Green chicken curry= very good. Stuffed chicken wings= very good ( by the way the kids took it down to the bone). Shrimp Thai salad= awesome . Some kindof fish( was flaky and a little kick of spice) that was very good. Lobster ( almost like Cantonese style but different seasoning) that was good. I have to say I had a bad experience long time ago in a Thai restaurant and never tried again but coming here and giving it a shot, wow! I am a fan now of Thai, hope when I get back Jersey I can find a place like this. Love the fish sauce and Thai pepper condiment if you like spice that is it.
Absolutely delicious Thai food.  Nestled between a few other ethnic restaurants and a swingers club lies Lotus of Siam. Interesting location. Have I had better?  Yes, but that doesn't mean this place isn't worth going out of your way for. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp,  pad see ew, and mint basil beef.  All three were delicious but i could've used more heat.  I over heard other tables being given a spice level choice of 1 to 10, but that option wasn't offered to us. Other than that everything was perfect.  Great food, great service. If you go make a reservation this place has a line before the doors open.  I look forward to my next trip to Lotus.
This place looks like a dump on the outside, but boy is it yummy on the inside!  For lunch, they have a mini buffet that has a decent selection (including fruit).  In no particular order, here's what we ordered (I apologize in advance for not having the proper names of things, but I just can't remember):. . drunken noodles with fish (entree) - YUM.  The noodles were a bit greasy, but the fish was perfectly fried - lightly crispy on the outside, and tender on the inside.  The flavors were also incredible, lots of basil goodness, for those who love that.. . raw shrimp (appetizer) - yes, the shrimp was raw, but if you can get past that, this dish is definitely worth trying.  it comes with this really tasty dipping sauce that's spicy, but not in the ah ah flaming hot way, but the savory rich way.  You like spicy?  You like sour?  Try this dish!. . raw steak tartare (appetizer) - the flavors in here were amazing.  the closest I can come to describing it is that it's a bit like the cold chinese beef five spice dish, with more thai flavors mixed in.  I know that that description is pretty much no description at all, but if you like spicy and you like meat, you should definitely give this a try.. . scallops with mint chili sauce - oh god so good.  the scallops were cooked to perfection, and that sauce...well, I could drink it as soup with a side of rice.  It's not overwhelmingly minty, and also has a nice kick of cilantro to it.. . tom yum soup - really really sour, with a hint of spice - we got the "for two" bowl (medium size), and shared with four people, which was really the perfect amount for an appetizer.  There were lots of big juicy prawns inside, and also some mushrooms and chili oil.. . beef salad - our waiter recommended this to us, as one of the most popular dishes, and I can certainly see why.  This was probably my favorite (though ironically, I can't remember the thai name for it).  The beef was really tender (I think they marinated it or something beforehand), and it was served over a bed of lettuce with onions, lime juice, and a hint of ginger.  The dish was pretty saucy, though, so you'll definitely need some rice to eat with it.. . This place is pretty pricey, especially anything with seafood in it, so be prepared to spend some dough.  My experience with Thai food up until this place was pretty much pad thai and basil chicken, so this place really opened up my eyes to just how incredible Thai food can be.  And if you're like me, and don't really like the coconut-y, peanut-y side of Thai food, rest assured that this place has plenty of other spicy/sour items for you to try if that's what floats your boat.  The menu is absolutely humongous, and if you go with a group, everyone should be able to find at least one item they'd like to eat.
Some dishes they're known for:. . Drunken Noodle = Quite spicy, good flavor. Crispy Duck = Nice deep fried crunchy texture. Crispy Rice Appetizer = Very sour, crunchy rice, unique. Jackfruit Curry = bland soup (not curry as you think), not worth getting. Pad Thai = Good, authentic. . tip: for the drunken noodle, you can save some money by getting the mixed seafood version (12.95), and not the seabass ($20+), or the softshell crab ($19) version... if you just want to try the flavor.. . Also, go early or super late, this place gets PACKED fast! We went Sunday night at 5:30 right when they opened for dinner. The place was half full when we sat down. By the time we left, the lines were out the door and it was a zoo. Make a reservation.
Definitely the best Thai food I've had on the North American continent thus far. It definitely is in a weird location. If you follow the GPS directions you'll probably find an empty storefront. The restaurant is in the lot BEHIND the GPS location that I got. Yes it is in a creepy looking parking lot where it looks you might get "surprised" by some unsavory types. . . Looks aside the restaurant itself is really clean and the prices are actually on the low end given the trend of high-priced "Thai" food in a lot of cities these days. I assure you that the Thai food here is not the "Thai" food you get in a lot of places that obviously cater only to white people.. . Try the blood vermicelli.
This place is as tasty as cotton candy, as authentic as its culture and the food is beyond delicious. There is no place like it West of Missicippi river? Is that how you spell Missiccipi? Server has good attitude. I order S1 it was great. We were in and out in less than 35mn on our way back to LA.
I've come here several times over the last two years.  I still love this place, and is by far my favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas.  However the same dish can vary a bit each time.  For example, level 6 spiciness is not always the same sometimes hotter sometimes milder and also the ingredient change too although overall the dish is still familiar.  On our last visit, I noticed the portions have gotten alot smaller too.  I would rather the prices increase than the portions getting smaller.. . Nonetheless, I love this place for the extensive wine list which is rare for most Thai places.  Secondly, the service is always good in spite of it being crazy busy almost all the time.
Great thai food. The only downside is that it can get really busy since it's very well known.
Delicious. Just what I needed to offset a yardstick! . . Had the Chicken Pad Thai (spicy level 7/10) and the Thai BBQ chicken.. . Pad Thai was spicy! Just the way I like it. The noodles were nice and chewy, it came with the right amount of sprouts and other veggies to give it an interesting texture, and there was a good amount of chicken. Also had crushed peanuts on the side, which is a minor detail that I find lacking in some places. . . Thai BBQ chicken was delicious, it came with rice and a sweet-and-spicy sauce that I could honestly eat all day. The chicken was cooked nicely, it was tender and savory. . . Pretty conveniently located, it's about a 10 minute drive from Caesar's palace, where we stayed. I would recommend it heartily for anybody looking for drunchies :D. . One note, make sure to get a reservation! We had one for 8:00 and we got there at 8:06, and they had given our table away already. If you don't have a reservation I think the wait is something like 40-60 minutes.
Excellent.  Full of locals, this is what I love about getting off the Strip in Vegas!  The Tom Kahr Kah soup was awesome...get the hot pot.  Also had some great soft shell crab noodle dish...mmmm.  I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Food is very good here. Have gone for the lunch buffet twice and was very please with the meal I got for just $10! . The one thing I would say is that the buffet is inconsistent. Went here two weeks ago and had a dish I really enjoyed, and went again today and that wasn't even on the buffet. Disappointing, but there were some other good options as well. . All and all good food and good price!
Awesome Thai food and a menu with items I had never heard of before during my limited exploration of this cuisine that make me wish I could have tried one of everything. The best part is that they ask you how hot you want your food on a scale from 1-10. Don't be a pussy if you go here...get your heat scored at 10. I dare you. It's awesome.
I highly recommend this place if you truly enjoy authentic Thai food.  A lot of Thai restaurant adjust their dishes to cater towards more western customers, but not Lotus of Siam.  . . I have lots of Thai friends and they were the ones that told me about this place which by the way, I would have never found because its hidden inside a little strip mall.. . What to try? Well, that depends on what you like, because I have tried so many different dishes and found them all to be delicious.  One thing I always order is the Tom Yum Soup. . . Give this place a try if you love thai food.
Food was good.  The only complaint I had is the shrimp in my sum yum soup still had the "poop" veins.  The Mango and sticky rice dessert was great! The carpet needs cleaning. The strip mall location is a bit odd.  Give it a try you will be delighted.
I returned and I am still a fan! The line still goes out the door for this place.  I ordered the same meal I had 4 years ago: Tom Ka Khai soup and mussaman. Deeee-lish!  It's really interesting to try the soup at other Thai restaurants and then to try it here. The flavors are so well balanced (although it's still a bit salty!)  The mussaman was delicious as well, and I swear I tasted lemongrass in it.  . . This place has quite a wine selection. My friend is a connoisseur and was impressed with their German selections in particular. . . We did not get reservations but showed up on a weekday around 6:30 and were seated about 10 minutes later. The restaurant was not at all full, but apparently there is a shortage of menus, causing the delay.  Service in general is VERY slow. People who showed up after we did were served before we were, however, for reasons unknown.
I just came back Vegas, this place is great. There was a line up for dinner on a weekday, so its definately a hit with everyone. For appetizer I had Nam Kao Tod (crunchy salad) &  with Tom Kha Kai (soup) which was flavourable and aromatic. For main I had Khao soi with tofu (curry) & Green Chicken Curry was delicious. Finally dessert, I had coconut ice cream which was very pleasent not too sweet. I wish this place was bigger but for what it is, one word awesome!
I heard about Lotus of Siam years ago from a friend but being stuck on the strip each and every time I visited Vegas I never had the chance to venture out.  Until this time.. . Lotus of Siam is located in a strip mall away from all the action of the strip.  When you step in the door you are greeted by a narrow waiting area filled with newspaper write-ups over the years giving kudos to Lotus.  If you are a drinker your best bet is to wait for your table in the bar area as there will be a wait--weekends can run up to an hour or more.  The bar is beer and wine only.. . There are tons of tables inside Lotus of Siam with bright hanging pendant light fixtures.  If you are looking for a dark atmosphere you won't find it here.  . . Lotus of Siam has really great tasting Thai food plus an excellent selection of wine.  I had the drunken noodle crab.  It was good but a bit steep in cost at $19.  My friend had a beef dish that cost $18 that she felt was overpriced.  I feel like your best bet is to order from their basic Thai side of the expansive menu as those dishes are $10 or less and will be same portion size and just as tasty.. . Tip for the restaurant:  the food is served in shallow dishes which means that it gets cold quickly.  Serving it in deeper plates would be a great improvement.
Went there on a friend's recommendation. The place is in a small shopping mall next to a "men bathhouse" not the best place in town outside of the strip. We went there at 5:30 pm and people were already lining up. It has a great wine selection, although  I believe it's hard to have wine with Asian food. The service was fast and everyone was attentive to our needs. The food was delicious, the Thai green curry was well prepared not too spicy not too blend. It's worth it's rating and recommendation.
Went there for my birthday cause I love Thai. What I loved was the green curry with tofu. Best I've ever had. Also excellent were garlic shrimp and soft crab drunken noodle. I wasn't so crazy about the papaya salad or the Tom Yum Kung. I wish I had more opportunity to taste every item on the menu.
4.5 stars. . My bf and I adored this place when we tried it for the first time last week. I can't believe we didn't try this place out sooner!! Service was so-so..but the food was great!. . What we ordered:. - spicy chicken wings: DEEEELLISH! I think this was my bf's favorite. If you are in the mood for fried chicken wings, order this! It's fried wings covered in a sweet & spicy sauce so it's a bit sticky. These little things were just addicting and we loved every bite.. . - drunken noodles w/ seafood: yummy while it's hot! The first bite was amazing. I haven't had drunken noodles this good in awhile. It's more saucy than I'm used to but the flavor was all there. They didn't skimp out on the seafood either. Mussles, shrimp, scallop, & imitation crab [disappointed in the imitation crab but that's ok]. The only thing I didn't like about it was that the noodles stuck together after awhile so it got clumpy. Flavors were still good so I accepted it lol. . . - braised short rib w/ panang: this was interesting. Decided to order it because of its popularity among yelp reviews. On the pricey side [~$17].. but it's braised short rib so I get it. I don't know if this is the best combination for my taste buds but I can see it growing on me. It's still good don't get me wrong and I might order it again. I think I would have liked it if the short rib was more moist..I think it was more on the drier side which is why I can't give it a glowing review. Maybe it was an off day..but that's just what I thought about it. . . I will absolutely come back the next time I'm in vegas. It's a must-stop!!!
The best Thai food in Las Vegas.  Don't let the outside fool you.
My managers and chefs were throwing a congratulations dinner for me and two of my other co-workers for winning "Employees of the Year". To say the least, we were all excited.  . . As soon as i walked in, i was greeted by an extremely unfriendly hostess. She showed me to my table(refer to pic) and of course i was the first to get there. On the way to the table i was taken directly past their amazing wine room and beautiful art which lined the walls. After my colleagues arrived, we ordered some apps to be shared family style.. . 1.KOONG SARONG ( Prawn in a blanket ). -Absolutely delicious! Marinated prawns wrapped with bacon and rice paper crepe, deep fried, served with sweet and sour sauce.. 2.STUFFED CHICKEN WINGS. -Good. Chicken wings stuffed with ground pork deep fried, served with sweet & sour sauce. Without the sauce, the chicken was dry. With the sauce, Great!. 3.NAM KAO TOD. -Awesome! Minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice. We got this dish at a 7 heat level and it went beautifully with our wine selection!. . For my entree i ordered the GINGER FISH(refer to pic) which is a deep fried whole pompano fish, topped with ginger accompanied by a black mushroom sauce. This dish was really good. I stuck with a 4 heat level just to be cautious, and it definitely could have used more heat. The skin was perfectly cooked. With each bite of delicate flesh there was an even better crunch. The mushrooms added a nice earthiness to the dish which gave a great balance.. . One of my colleagues ordered the SWEET & SOUR FISH(refer to pic) which is a deep fried whole pompano fish, topped with Thai style sweet and sour sauce. which he had no complaints about. . . Everybody at the table seemed to enjoy everything... all except my general manager. For his entree he ordered DUCK with some sort or mint and ginger(from what i can remember). Not only did it come out after all of our entree's, but it was cold. Now we had a situation where no one wanted to eat until everybody had their food. The person that didn't have their food was, of course, one of the people paying. HORRIBLE FEELING! He finally got his food, and it didn't seem like he was enjoying any of his meal after that. I felt terrible for the guy, because he's a good friend, avid eater at this restaurant, and true foodie.. . Food:     4     star                                  . Service: 2.5  star                                     . Overall:  3.5 star(rounded up to a 4)
So after however long we've put off on coming here we finally trekked ($23 cab ride, one way) out to Lotus of Siam... for lunch mind you since the dinner wait was an hour wait. We had the crispy duck w/ greens, sea bass w/ drunken noodle, garlic shrimp, and mango & sticky rice. All which were extremely good I just couldn't get over the fact that those 4 dishes came out to be over $100 w/ tip. Not a big deal since we won enough money to pay for all 5 days meals & entertainment but DAMN! Was it worth it?? Yes but it definitely teetered near the edge of ridiculously overpriced, considering it wasn't on the strip in a fancy casino property (just carried the premium).. . Well anyways, I'm glad we came since it was always on our "to-eat-at" list for Vegas. Maybe next time we'll try Kabol or Archies for Thai. I would come back to Lotus of Siam but probably with more people. Also, their wine list & glass enclosed racks were impressive. Something you'd rarely see in an Asian restaurant. I'd like to think my meal helped pay for that!
So what do you do when you just got slaughtered on YELP Nov OTM calls?  Why head out to Vegas and try to win it all back of course.  Well I wasn't so much a winner on the $$ front, but I win win on the crispy duck penang here at Lotus of Siam.. This is a seriously hyped up place and honestly, I have no idea what was ordered since someone in our party did the ordering.  Nothing really stood out, just good Thai food, but oh I do remember the penang and will definitely come here again on my next Vegas trip...or maybe just to get my "windshield cleaned" by the toothless cart lady that rolls in the parking lot.
This was a wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anyone in Vegas looking for a reasonably priced dinner where you get a lot of bang for your buck. Its not flashy or glitzy. Just good foo and service for a very reasonable price. You can see why its rated one of the best Thai restaurants in America.
I told a coworker of mine that my husband and I were headed to Vegas and we would be doing some touristy things the first day and would have a car. She immediately pointed me in the direction of Lotus of Siam. She said it was an amazing Thai place and that if we had a car we should definitely check it out. I followed her advice and was so happy I did! My husband, who isn't the hugest fan of Thai, and I both enjoyed the meal we had. We ordered more than we could eat (and without having a fridge in our hotel room, we couldn't take any leftovers with us) and we were both very satisfied with our choices.. . I will say that I was at first very intimated by the menu. It's more than 10-pages long with a list of your standard curries, in addition to the numerous traditional dishes, plus dishes from different regions of Thailand, add to that a page or more of noodle dishes, salads, appetizers, etc.. - It is enormous! It took us a while, but we finally decided on 3 dishes we had never tried before: Spicy Shrimp Salad, Catfish red curry (without coconut milk), and a Thai-style sausage. We also ordered Pad Thai as sort of a "control" dish (something we're both familiar with). They have an huge (and rather impressive) wine list, but neither of us really think about pairing Thai with wine, so we stuck with beer (Singha) instead. . . First, the sausage was delicious. It was a country-style sausage, with big pieces of meat and fat in natural casing, simply seared and served with spears of fresh ginger, a few tiny (but VERY spicy) chili peppers, fresh cabbage, and toasted peanuts. Both of us were really taken by surprised at how flavorful the sausage was. There was a tart/sour almost citrus-y taste to the meat, like it had been pickled or brined before being chopped/ground and stuffed into its casing. This actually allowed the sausage to taste less dense than it was (it was a dry sausage, more meat than fat, and the citrus or whatever sour note cut through the meat). Taking a bite of the fresh ginger with a slice of sausage made for a perfect combo. This was, overall, our favorite dish.. . The catfish curry was very good, although it was similar to other red curries I've tried. I had never had curry with catfish and the fish was fresh and nicely cooked (not under-cooked and certainly not overcooked). Unfortunately, the zucchini was rather mushy, even though the green beans were al dente. It had a nice heat and the flavor was there. Honestly, this was just OK compared to everything else.. . The Spicy Shrimp Salad was surprisingly good and spicy. The shrimp were just this side of cooked, so still a little soft but completely cooked through, and they were huge. They were tossed with a chunky salad dressing of kaffir leaf, fish sauce, soy sauce, basil, chili peppers and probably some tamarind, plus a number of other things I couldn't quite pick out. This was all presented on a bed of roughly chopped Romaine lettuce. I could've done with smaller pieces of lettuce, as they were huge and rib-y compared to the shrimp and dressing. Ultimately, it was very good and something I would have never thought to order. I wish it was served earlier than the other dishes, more like a salad/appetizer course, rather than the last thing brought to the table.. . Lastly, our "control" dish of the Pad Thai was a welcome comfort. It was actually the best Pad Thai I've ever had before. The balance of savory, sweet, sour, and salty was perfect. The noodles were cooked well and the add-ins of sprouts, chicken, and peppers were all nicely incorporated. There was a depth of flavor in their Pad Thai that really made the dish stand out from the rest and I really wish I had more room in my stomach to eat more of it.. . The price for each of our dishes was comparable to other Thai restaurants at home. I'm surprised at the number of comments by other Yelpers about the portion size. I thought the portions were all easily shared by two people, possibly three. Believe me, neither my husband nor I starved that night! . . The service was fine, not stellar, but we certainly were not ignored or forgotten, despite being seated in the small room just off the main dining room. The decor was shabby, yes, and it definitely could use some TLC. It's at least clean. Situated in a run-down strip mall a few blocks from Las Vegas Blvd., it's as opposite of The Strip as it can be, but the food, I would say, is up there on the same level with the $50/plate restaurants in the resorts. If we hadn't had other dinner plans during our trip, I would've made another stop here to try more dishes!
This is probably the number one restaurant in vegas with extensive wine menu. Absolutely ridiculous wine list. From $6.50 KJ Chardonay to $5000 bottle of wine. They probably have it.. . Now, what about the food. I try two of their dish, didnt like one of them so gotta send it back and replace it with the penang curry. I think its only ok. Its thai food, so what can really be super special about lotus of siam? . . Lots and lots of caucasian and foreigner thats for sure. Heard from one of my friend that the chef used to cook for the king of thailand. Maybe I pick a wrong dish, but I will definetely try it again one more time.
I don't know why I bother rating a restaurant with over a thousand ratings and a 4 star average. Anyway. Don't come here for the atmosphere; come here cause the food is fantastic. . . I've yet to find a better Tom Yung Goong soup in Vegas; most places don't bother trying to make a good broth and instead just bomb some stock with chili oil, which results in a bright red, oily liquid without any depth (I'm looking at you, Komol). Okay, I'm gonna stop being all OCD about soup now.
Absolutely amazing food!  Worth the confusing drive off the strip.  Everything other reviews say about the homeless in the parking lot is true BTW.
Yummy Thai food! We arrived around 6pm on a Thursday and waited about an hour and a half in the bar to be seated.. . Once seated we ordered Thai tea, mee krop (a sweet and sour crunchy noodle with chicken and shrimp appetizer), crispy duck and the yellow curry with tofu. The duck was the perfect balance of crisp and melt in your mouth, flavorful and decent portion. The Thai tea was so creamy and delicious and the yellow curry had just enough kick to liven up the tofu. Very good all around. We walked out the door only dropping $50 on enough food for three people. . . If we returned, we would highly recommend making a reservation, which they take at least 48 hours in advance. Other people after us were waiting for 2+ hours.
Most authentic, delicious Thai food in all of Las Vegas! Great for a dinner date or order family style for large parties! Make a reservation, though. This is no secret! 14 of us were there last night for my friend's birthday and had crunchy rice, beef salad, tom kao kai soup, chicken curry, duck, scallops, and fried bananas! All were amazing! The waitress reccomended fried prawns, but we didn't care much for those. We had 4 bottles of wine (did I mention they have a ridiculously huge wine list?) and paid just $60pp for the drinkers and $45pp for the nondrinkers! We Love Lotus of Siam and will keep coming back!
My cousin's bf had heard so much about this infamous Thai restaurant that he booked a 9pm reservation so that we could squeeze it in after our huge buffet lunch that day. My belly was bursting at its seams, but no complaints because this place was worth the extra calories.. . Good things:. - Pad Kee Mow: This isn't one of the popular menu items, but I thought it was executed the best. The noodles had a nice texture to them and the flavor of the noodles were pretty good overall.. - Crispy Duck with Panang Curry: The duck was just ok, but the curry was really tasty. The downside is that this dish is like $20 for a few measly pieces of deep fried bird.. - Pad Thai: Another typical Thai restaurant item, but the noodles here are really thin and the color doesn't appear to be as artificially orange as at other places.. - Service: They have really great service here. Waiters always stopped by to fill glasses of water and always with a smile. . - Variety of choices: This restaurant's menu is literally a book. It is HUGE. Here you will find Thai dishes from all different regions, and all seemingly pretty tasty.. . Just ok:. - Drunken noodles withcrab: Most excited to try this, but the crab was disappointing. It was so fried that it was soft and soggy. . - Nam Kao Tod: The crispy fried rice appetizer; this had a funky sour taste, but I was the only one at my table that didn't enjoy it so to each his own!. . The good thing is that their menu is so extensive that picky eaters will have to find something to like. The not so good things are that portion sizes aren't huge for what you're paying for. Also, just to note, they make their food SPICY (even mild is hot hot hot), and if you make reservations there's a 5-minute grace period for your party to arrive by. Not so forgiving :/ Ultimately, I'm not sure if it's worth making a trip out of the strip for again, but worth a try!
Always a good time when your here.  We come here a lot after our hockey games.  Tonight was the Chicken Pad Thai experience.  Overall very good.
This is a great place.  The menu is huge so we asked the waiter (so helpful!) to recommend some of the restaurant's specialties.  What we were served was an array of food that you don't see at most Thai restaurants in the US.  Where's the Pad Thai?  Where's the chicken satay?  Yes, these are on the menu but they're not "special."  In fact, some of the dishes we were served are ones that I would never order on my own but I am so glad that the waiter picked them.  Sometimes you have to just go with it!. . Highlights:. Beef short rib in Penang red curry (best Thai red curry ever). Beef jerky (who would have thought?). Nam Kao Tod (crispy fried rice - unique!). Coconut ice cream (incredibly creamy and non-dairy too!). Fried bananas (simple and outrageously good). . Also, the selection of German (!) wines is huge and we had two different Rieslings from J.J. Prum of the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer region.  Yummy.. . BTW, the Pad Thai is pretty good too.
This place rocks. The best of the very best Thai restaurants in north America. The food 5 stars but the deductions come on the service. I had the tamarind rib eye and the spicey shrimp salad both amazing. The coconut soup outstanding. It's really not fair to the rest of the Thai restaurants in las Vegas but that's the card that they have been felt and all they can do now is take some notes from Lotus. Thanks for another amazing meal.
Everything was wonderful! However this isn't the best kept seceret anymore. hour wait min. so get in early!!
After reading about this establishment and seeing it on "Top Chef Masters," I HAD to pay a visit during my recent trip!  I was not disappointed at all.  I ordered the Red Curry (level 9 spicy) and it was like heaven in my mouth!  The menu is very extensive so deciding on what to order was no simple task. The decor is nice and service is excellent. The prices are reasonable.  . . This is a definite Vegas gem.  However, those in LA don't despair.  We have places in Thai Town that are just as good--just not soooo....large in table seating.
Turns out that "spicy" is a relative term. Be careful when ordering.... . Great otherwise.
After all these years in Vegas, how did I ever miss this place?!. . After having a lazy day, the boyfriend decided to take me to this thai joint. ( I still can't thank him enough) . . . We got there just in time .... just in time before the crazy rush and 2 hour wait. (Yah it gets pretty crazy). One minute, the tables are clean and the restauraunt is quiet .. the next minute, it is jammed pack. . Our server was very attentive and you see him bounce around from table to table, taking orders, updating you on your order, and checking up on you. . . We ordered the tom yum soup (with chicken), rad na, and crispy duck over flat rice. Everything was amazingly delicious. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas.. . Warning - I'm starting to think that WAITING is necessary in Vegas (regardless of going into XS or going into this resturaunt), but it's definitely worth it.
Ok...so I'm no longer on fire!  Holy crap was the food spicy.  Even some of the mild dishes were pretty hot!. . I went to this restaurant with a rather large group of people, so we ordered many dishes.  We started with a fried won ton of some sort with pork and sweet and sour sauce.  It was probably my favorite dish of the night.  I probably could have eaten that dish the whole night.  After that came a coconut curry chicken soup, crispy noodles with shrimp and sweet and sour, pad Thai, crispy duck, steak tar tare and I'm sure I'm forgetting something.  All good, although I would not order the steak tar tare again.  . . Everything was very spicy.  I don't think that I have ever wanted to drink a glass of milk or had ice cream so bad in my life!  Unfortunately, the servers brought us the bill without offering us dessert.  Maybe next time.
I came here at night for my last Vegas thing before driving back to LA. It was about 8:30PM when I rolled up to this place. My first thought was, "Wow, this parking lot is sketchy looking." There are hardly any street lights. When I parked, I parked next to some Audi that had its front end smashed in and 4 flat tires. Then while walking to the entrance of the restaurant, some very sketchy-looking white male on a bicycle started to make up some story about "his wife" then asked for money. We just kept walking because who knows what kind of bicycle shenanigans he might pull off. We put our names down on the decent sized waiting list, went back outside, and moved my car just to get some piece of mind in the dodgy parking lot. It seemed like no one hung around outside of the restaurant which added onto the sketchiness. We ended up waiting about 30 minutes for 2 people.. . The food was delicious with lots of flavor and textures. We pretty much only ordered from the chef's specialty section:. 1) drunken noodle with soft shell crab. 2) deep fried garlic prawns. 3) nam kao tod. . All the food was a little spicy yet yummy. Again, it was my last Vegas thing of the day before heading 3 hours west and I was already awake for a long time gambling and such so I was almost falling asleep in here. Maybe my review would be different if I had more energy or was drinking.. . If you plan to check this place out, make a reservation so you can minimize the time your car is in a danger zone. You'll be surprised with how big it is inside the restaurant.
Can't say I eat Thai food at all back in Arizona.  I can say enjoyed the cuisine maybe 5 times in my life if that.  In that respect I was excited to try something new and exciting. . Lotus of Siam was perfect, we enjoyed several different dishes, but the Pad Thai was the best noodles I have ever had.  Now I know why everyone is always looking for this dish in AZ.  Cause its good when it is done right.  Lotus of Siam does it well and several other dishes.  I was a big fan of the duck, super crispy skin, a serious crunch to it and then the soft tender meat underneath it all.. . Not really a fan of all the coconut curry stuff.  The Soup ended up being an unfinished dish on our table.  We even went mild so hot would be ridiculous, like ludicrous speed on space balls.  My belly was on fire after our dinner here.  I did need some smoothing desert and found some ice cream at my hotel to cure my stomach heat. . . I would put this on your list of must try in Vegas.  Off the strip, but worth the drive or taxi ride. Definitely was a dining experience for me that I will not forget.
Wow, the food was as good as many of the people noted.  The service was fast and the ambiance was surprising after looking at the building from the outside!. . Around meal times I think you are generally going to have a bit of a wait as it seems to be very popular judging by the number of people that were there when we came at a bit of an off time.. . Give this place a try you will not be disappointed!
Excellent Thai off the strip! It was so good, we came here multiple times to try more of their extensive menu. . . The first night, we made a reservation because we had a group of 14. We had to book this nearly a week in advance. After that, we were able to get a table for 4-6 people without a reservation near the restaurant's opening time for dinner. . . Ask them for their best dishes --  they're cooked to perfection. Other menu items are also good.
Some of the best Thai food I have ever had! I am a Vegetarian and have tried all the curries with Tofu, with Panang being my favorite. It was really good and spicy.The only drawback is that there is a long wait and we need to make reservations to get a table in the evening. Many times they are booked already and the minimum wait time is close to 45 mins - 1 hour! Would recommend it definitely though :)
Ok, Ok, i get it. Northern Style Thai.  This reminded me of Ruen Pair in LA, but man, Lotus of Siam lives up to the hype. Yes, we waited a full hour for a table but since everyone else was doing it, we did it too!. . Try the specials because you can't get that anywhere else.  The drunken noodles with the Softshell crabs was hands down my favorite dish there.. . AMAZE!!!!
Good Thai food overall.  Crispy duck with curry was very good  but a little pricey.  It was crazy busy when we went, recommend getting reservations.
I actually ate here a long time ago, first time I actually ate here. My sister and her boy friend asked us to go to dinner there. Ordered many dishes, everything we ordered was excellent. Very authentic! Heat level and portions were very good. They are very busy.... Outside looks small but when you go inside its a good size inside.  They have a big wine room! Excellent service too!
Delish Dude!!  The Tom Kah soup is soooooooooooooooooo good (lemongrass-coconut milk), I could swim in it! . They have a buffet for lunch, which has mostly meat items - so I had the Yellow Curry with tofu instead, I was a happy camper fo shizzle!!. It's not an ambiance rich environment, so don't expect an amazing setting...... But TRY to make a reservation if you can get ahold of them, it's ALWAYS busy and ALWAYS a wait, but worth it :)
Ok this place is off the chain! So so good!!!! It is definitely one of the best Thai restaurants i have ever been to. I totally underestimated the hotness as in chilli hot on the Tom yum koong. They asked me how hot do you want your soup from 1 to 10? And my dumb ass lol said 10!!! Oh boy wrong, huge mistake..that shit was crazy hot! I had three glasses of water, Thai tea, and sticky rice with mango hoping the burning fire in my mouth would go away. Overall, besides all that madness it was the bomb. This place is a must to visit if you're in Las Vegas.
I've heard that this is one of the most amazing Thai restaurants to ever exist, but I don't think I'm enough of a Thai connoisseur to support that claim. The food was very good, but I didn't walk out of there feeling blown away.. . We shared a rice dish (nam kao tod) which I loved. Have not had anything like that before. A little tangy, little spicy. Maybe it was my own fault for ordering musman curry (too pedestrian?) but I've had better. It was good, but too sweet. My fiance ordered a noodle dish which was too spicy for me so I can't really rate that.. . I don't think I would personally go out of my way to go to LOS, but I would go if someone else wanted to.
My wife wanted to try Thai tonight.  So, off on Yelp we went and we found the reviews on Lotus of Siam.  Based on what we read, it sounded great and we went to check it out.. . First off, it was quite a hike from where we live to the restaurant (45 minutes).  It is not located in a very pristine area.  In fact, questionable would be a nice word.  The only good part of the location is thatit is in an outside shopping mall.  As a result, there were plenty of parking.  When we arrived, there were not a lot of cars there.. . We made reservations for Friday @ 5:30pm (opening time).  By the way, MAKE reservations.  Otherwise, good luck on getting a table.  When we got there, there already was a line about 15-20 people deep.  That is a great sign.  Somehow, people waiting outside kinda reminds me of the Disney flick/cartoon -- Ratatouie (you know at the end of the movie where the crowd is waiting to get in).  By the way, if you do not have reservations, depending on how busy they are, you may be turned down.  They turned a few people away due to "no availability".. . Because of the early dinner and the reservation, we had no problems getting a table and were seated within a few minutes.  Walking into the restaurant, you notice immediately how clean and big the restaurant is.  The staff were very courteous and friendly.  I was definitely impressed.  . . Now, on to the food, the 3 of us ordered a variety of items and shared amongst us.  By the way, there was a table of 8 family members next to us, they all ordered their own dish and did not share.  I can not imagine us doing this.  I would be tempted to taste and try every possible dish that I can.  Anyways, this is what we ordered: . . Appetizers:. a.  Tom Yum Coconut Soup w/ Chicken.  Compared to a lot of Thai restaurants that I have been, this was on the scale of AVERAGE.  It was okay and nothing to brag about.  Would I order this again... probably not -- I would preferred to try something else.  It was good average... I give this a mid to low 3 stars.. . b.  #14 - Nam Kao -- okay, we ordered this because of the reviews.  It is basically sliced ginger, mixed with some fried type of crouton/rice/bread (hard to pinpoint), green onions, red onions, papayas, and some other stuff.  I guess this is sort of a hit or miss.  You either like it or not.  Honestly, I was not a fan.  In fact, I thought this was the worst dish of the night.  I give this a mid 2 stars.. . c.  Beef salad -- this was the star of our dinner.  By far and away the best dish of the night.  If I knew, I would have ordered 2-3 of these puppies.  The beef was cooked to perfection ~ medium rare.  And, it was seasoned to perfection.  The only issue that I had was that it was very spicy (for a #2 spice level).  I must have drained 3 large glasses of water.  But, this was well worth it.  My first 5 stars.. . Entrees:. a.  Drunken Sea Bass w/ Noodles -- okay, this dish was about 29.95.  It was a bit pricey; however, based on the review, we had to try it.  And, quite frankly, this was a very good dish.  The Sea Bass was soft, tender, and flaky.  And, the right mixture of sweetness and season was mixed in with the noodles. But, I did not think this should have been a $29.95 dish.  It is a bit steep.  For this, I grade it as a low 4-4.25 stars.. . b.  Fried Prawns -- this was by far the most original dish.  They basically take these jumbo sized shrimp (think size 10-15) and peel the skin back.  Best way to explain this is to think of a horizontal line.  On one end of the shrimp is the shrimp meat and on the other is the peeled shell side.  They marinate the whole shebang in some salty sauce and deep fry it.  What you get is a fried shrimp with the shell attached.  You eat both the meat and the shell.  It was quite tasty.  However, I have to say that I wished they had a dip for this - something tangy would be a nice fit .. i.e. sweet and sour would do.  For originality and taste, I give them a high 4 stars or low 5 stars.. . Desserts:. a.  Fried Banana -  If I had to do it again, I would not order this.  It was okay.... also, we were a bit too full to eat this -- doggy bag time.  2-3 stars.\. . b.  Sweet Rice with Mangos -- this was not too original.  I was not into the rice; however, I have to admit that the mangos were very sweet.  I give this a mid 3-star rating for the mangos.. . Overall, this was a pretty cool experience.  The service was excellent.  We had some dishes that were okay, but we also had some amazing and original dishes as well.  Dinner total for 3 (no drinks - except water) totaled to 106 dollars.  With tip, it added up to $125 in all.  3 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts -- hmm, not a bad price at all!  I would give this a solid 4 with room to move up to 5 star status.... . BTW, as we walked out around 7pm, the whole restaurant was packed and the parking lot was filled with Lotus of Siam patrons.. . We definitely would be back.  And, we look forward to trying other dishes.. . Cheers!!!
Best Thai food I've had. Everything was so good. Veggie egg rolls & war won ton soup and service was good.
I had the perfect opportunity try another Thai restaurant in Vegas one that if live on the other side of town say is the best Thai food in Vegas. Since I live on the other side of town so prefer Archi and even after solid Thai food at Lotus of Siam still would take Archi. I went with big group there was 9 of us in all. So best part about that was did I get too try everything and the kitchen sink. Believe had over ten different dishes in all so just going too pick out the ones that stood out for me.. . The crispy duck pagnang was very very good. The crispy duck something that could have had whole dish of by itself. It had the perfect crispy crust that crunch every time and still meat is moist. You combine it with sauce over rice. Fabulous! We had four different types of noodles from the traditional pad thai too other ones on menu gear more toward certain regional style. The pad thai was solid. Lo mein type of noodle really enjoyed because not normal one orange in color and tasty noodle. The pineapple fried rice was ok different but not something would order again. Green Papaya Salad had nice spicy kick too it. Solid choice. The winner for me was the FRIED BANANAS. Bananas wrapped in lumpia wrapping deep fried too perfect crispy brown and felt like hogging them all too myself. . . The location is one less then desirable part of town. It amazing never judge book by its cover. You walk into the place really small hallway too all sudden opens too restaurant hold over or close too 100 people. They had nice wine cellar that see lot of the win on the menu, It become popular cult almost they have pictures all famous people that have dined there on the walls. If run out of conversations look around guess who who on the walls. The menu is pretty massive in choices. So sure there is something there appeals too everyone. The service went on friday night even packed surprising was really quick once we got the orders in. There was no miss up and great service from start too end. Only negative is too far for me. Not sure the next time visit but if ever out in that area need Thai fix LOS the place too go.
Very good thai food but the portions were rather small.  That aside, probably one of the best pad thai I've ever had.
I always look forward to Lotus and start planning my meal days ahead.. As usual, I start with their Tom Ka Kai soup.  Only this time it wasn't quite up to 5-star deliciousness.  The chicken was a little dry and the soup was missing the depth of flavor that has always put it over the top for me in the past.. For other starters, we had the Issan sausage that gets raves from other reviewers.  It was good, but not a new favorite.. The entrees were far better, with the Sea Bass on Drunken Noodles being my new favorite.  The fish was so perfectly cooked and buttery that I won't be able to return here without getting it every time.  We also had the Nua Nam Tok, which was one of their many charbroiled beef options.  They do a good job with their beef and it had a great flavor with lots of heat.. I do wish after all these years, the restaurant would improve its website.  The site has changed a few times, but it always seems to be hit or miss when I visit.  Stop with all the fancy stuff and just give me the basics: menu, hours, reservations.  Thanks
Been wanting to try this place for some time. My husband and I were excited to finally go...despite having difficulty finding this place it was pretty good. The menu was huge and I had trouble deciding on what to order! We started with a bowl of Tom Kah Kai...very disappointing. Pretty much just broth..minimal chicken and even less mushrooms. For appetizer we got the chicken larb. Tasty. Entrees were pineapple duck red curry and a beef dish with cabbage(number58) both good, but portions are VERY small. Not worth the price...bussers on point..never a dirty dish and poured our beer for us! Still going to stick to thee BEST Thai restaurant ever, Lao Thai!!! (Nellis and Harris).
One of the best places in Las Vegas if you enjoy Thai food.  The place itself doesn't look like much, located in an older mall.  But the food is unbeatable.  I would recommend the drunken noodle with sea bass and prawn.  The dish was absolutely amazing.  . . Not only the drunken noodles, but their whole menu was fabulous.  I can't even remember what I had! All I remember is that we roughly about 10 different things. Each one of their items was fantastic.  I have been here many times and I just randomly point at things that I want, when it comes out, it's great.
Oh my goodie!! This was by far the closest to perfect closest to fairy tell closest to true to size fit when ordering shoes offline close..... I forgot my point! This was amazing! I ordered the mussaman curry with beef and tofu (fried), the shrimp and chicken pad thai, also the chili mint chicken.. All spicy numba 7! Oh, and mango with sticky rice!. .  As a person that loves thai but doesn't like things too fishy, this was all deeeeeeelish! Even my picky no veggie eating husband enjoyed the meal! The pad thai was a perfect balance of sour and sweet only down fall was there wasn't much protein. Not sure if when I order chicken and shrimp I get half n half, next time ill say chicken but add extra shrimp! Anywho the mussaman curry was as described.. sweet! I have an insane sweet tooth and love all things sweet, but this one was my match next time ill have to try the green curry. The beef was stupid tender and the tofu was right! I also had the chili mint chicken which was excellent!. .  I was so pleased with the food forgot my inspiration for wanting thai in the first place... The mango n sticky rice! It was so good it made me sick! I enjoyed the chewy rice and the coconut milk was a treat!. . Docked one star for not including my extra side sauces per our phone discussion and not putting my extra rice I paid for in the bag! Plus, the mango wasn't as sweet as I'd hoped and dreamed for!! . . All forgivable mistakes! I heart LOTUS!
My wife and I both love Thai food, so eating at Lotus on our Vegas trip was a must. The one bad part about this was that there were only two of us, meaning we couldn't order a lot (well, we could have, but then we'd have a buttload leftover). So we settled on a cup of the Tom Yum Koong, Soft Shell Crab Drunken Noodles, and the Fried Garlic Prawns..  . Needless to say, we really enjoyed all three. The soup had just the right amount of tanginess and kick, and the cup was full of huge shrimp (oxymoron, I know)..  . My wife had never eaten soft shell crab before, so she was a little weirded out by it here, but I really liked it and we both loved the noodles; great texture and flavor there..  . And I liked the prawns more and more as I ate them, but I have to say... I'm not sure how I feel about eating the shells like chips. There's definitely a certain taste to it, but I don't think I'm a fan of it just yet. I'll have to try it again..  . We got there fifteen minutes prior to opening on a Saturday evening, and we were seated immediately. The restaurant is spacious and clean, so try to get there as close to opening time as possible. Otherwise, I would recommend making reservations..  . Having said all that, I'm not sure that I can back the statement of this being the best Thai restaurant in the country, but it is dang good. Take that however you'd like. And I will be back, but hopefully with more people so I can try more dishes. So many to choose from!
Found this place on yelp and was already off the strip so I thought I'd give this place a shot.. . This place is in a random mall with a bunch of vacant stores and you could hardly tell that this place was actually open. When I first came inside though, I was surprised to find a lot of people inside with a lot of families coming here to eat. Looks like a lot of locals come out to this place to enjoy lunch or dinner. . . Ordered the Nam Kao Tod, which was highly recommended by fellow yelpers. It came out pretty quickly and is very comparable to Thai Larp Salad but with a crispy texture with the crispy rice. It came spicy but not overly spicy and all the flavors mixed well with the crispiness of the rice. Also I ordered a bowl of Tom Kha soup which was very fresh and flavorful. . . Overall, I had a great lunch here and I'd definitely recommend it to friends.
So this place has excellent food. over a thousand ratings and a 4 star average pretty much guarantees that. What's good? I really liked my drunken noodle prawns ($22.95), and they are more towards the top range in price for this restaurant. Other options well received by this party of five were the pad thai and curries. Prices are generally between $9 and $15, super cheap for Vegas, especially for food of this quality. . . Decor is not what you're here for- it's standard, aside from the star studded wall with tons of pictures of the head chef (owner?) with the who's who of Food Network. Bathrooms are a tad sketchy, but clean. This place takes reservations and is extremely popular, so make them if you can. The only hiccup for our party was that one of our group did not receive their meal until we reminded the server. Everyone else had rec'd their entrees and it was clear they had somehow missed that part of the order. Unfortunately, there was no discount given or even an apology for that mishap, which lengthened our time at the restaurant significantly.  Thus, they go from a five star to a four for this experience.
Lotus was one of the most highly recommended places for me to try when I first moved here.  Driving eastbound down Sahara into a semi run down shopping center lowers your expectations immediately and makes you think "Ok this place sorta looks like a dive, but I'm sure the food is awesome".  Once you walk through however, it is surprising how classy and well put together this restaurant is!. . I've been lucky and haven't had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table here, but i would suggest calling ahead to be safe.  The staff here is very professional and friendly and the feel is very authentic.. . I always order the Pad Thai because I am very interested in how each place puts their spin on it.  Lotus of Siam has a very good Pad Thai but not the best I have ever had, so i can't warrant giving it a 5 star rating.. . I will say that the menu is very expansive and the price point is great considering how well put together everything is inside and all the buzz going around town about it.. . I find it as a safe place to take my friends since many have heard about the legend and the menu is flexible and has something for everyone.
I had the crispy duck with drunken noodles, tom yum soup, and Thai tea. While I love the crispy duck and Thai tea, I do not like the tom yum much. This place is a must-visit for any foodie tourists.
Lotus highly recommended by Adam/Palms Place and yelp.  Strange and unassuming location but the inside very accommodating.  No reservation on a Friday but only 10 min wait.. Started with Nam Kao Tod.  Interesting flavors of mint and ginger and a tartness I couldnt place.  I guess lemon grass or lime?  Enjoyed the herbs more than the dish itself.. Ordered garlic prawns, which never came.  Instead opted for Green Curry.  Delicious with fragrant jasmine rice.  Again, the taste of the lovely herbs just danced lightly across my taste buds and the heat just right.   Missed the the vegetables I usually find in the Green Curry-red/green bell peppers.. Staff very attentive but I felt a bit rushed(extensive menu) to make a decision and waiting 40 mins for prawns...well.
Squid salad and seabass on papaya salad. YUM!
3.6 stars. . With 1000+ reviews and all the hype, I was expecting something a little more out of the ordinary.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't like "OMG it's so good" either. Since this was my first time trying the place, I think I need to make at least a 2nd trip back to try the other dishes in order to make a better judgment. Those garlic prawns that seem to be getting so much attention sure sound and look very good. We had the soft shell crab over drunken noodle, pad thai, green curry, and tom yum soup. Pretty much the staples of Thai cuisine. The dishes were flavorful, but not the best.  Being from LA, I must say we are spoiled with plenty of good Thai restaurants.
Lotus of Siam is absolutely one of my favorite buffets that I've been to. Located in the heart of buffet capital of the US (i.e. Vegas), Lotus of Siam is definitely one that you should stop by to check out.. . Recommendation: The beef noodle soup is the most bomb soup I've had ever. So flavorful - especially with the different herbs, including cilantro. The beef is also extremely tender and delicious, and the noodles - thick rice noodles - go so well with the beef. I had about 3 bowls...soooo good.. . The Pad Thai was also very good. The greasiness was not overwhelming like a lot of pad thai could be. The spicy-ness level was perfect - I always hate it when they assume that people can't take spicy-ness and make it mild and boring. The noodles were also nice and chewy, just like how I love my pad thai. . . The red curry chicken is also pretty delicious, as well as the fried bananas. The rest of the offerings were good but not great, but make sure you eat the the beef noodle soup, pad thai and red curry chicken.. . The price is also extremely reasonable - only $11 for the lunch buffet!
Definitely some of the best Thai food around and definitely worth a trip off the strip.  It's a great place to grab lunch after a night out on the town.. . Be warned, the menu is monstrous so a little research on yelp (which is what you're doing now obviously!) will help you get started.. . Our party of four shared a few dishes including the spicy shrimp salad, tamarind beef, duck with curry sauce, and a spicy catfish dish.  You can choose your heat levels and we stuck with a 5/10 for our dishes which was all I could handle personally.. . Everything was well prepared with higher quality ingredients than your typical Thai place.  It's nice to be able to have good quality Thai food that is authentic and not some fusion excuse to charge you more money.. . We didn't try the buffet, but it looked ok.  I would definitely go with the menu and order what you want instead.
I've heard so many people rave about this place - small little hole in the wall.  I had no idea how many times I've driven past this restaurant when I am in town.  The location is a kind of run down shopping center. . . I tried it last Saturday.  They opened at 5:30pm, we arrived around 5:50 and there was a 45 minute wait. . . We ordered the beef pad thai, beef panang, yellow curry, sweet and sour pork, pad sw-ew and kra phao moo krob to share.  I had my kids with me so we each ordered one dish that we wanted to try and shared.. . All the dishes were flavorful, the pad thai was hands down the best I've ever tasted.  The Kra Phao Moo Krob was probably the best dish we had.  Deep fried pork with basil, oh my!!!  Crispy yet as it sat in the sauce, the flavors of the sauce penetrated the pork and just made it absolutely delicious.  The Panang was a little spicy for me, but was also flavorful.. . I can't wait to go back and try other dishes on their menu.
Dont be confused with other Thai Spots in this area. They have the plushest Thai food food ive had to date. The crispy duck, duck curry is life changing. Pad Thai is delicious Salmon curry is on point the spices really range from1-10. 10 is real spicy but delicious when your in vegas do yourself the favor and grubbing here. . . Overall Joint deserves a 5 for food but the hours arent the best. We found our selves wanting to go when it was closed all faded out here haha. Nontheless its stil beautiful food in a ugly part of town.
Great noodles and tasty pad Thai. Good service. Yummy sticky rice w mango. I would go back.
It's all about the food here!  Service is mediocre, decor pretty mundane and the location kind of creepy but the food more than makes up for it.  Our table of six enjoyed the stuffed chicken wings, dumplings, curries and drunken noodles.  They feature an extensive wine list as well.  If you can get reservations....GO,
I had tried to come here a few years back but they were closed - the hours of operation are quite short and obviously didn't pay attention to it.. . My girlfriends and I took a quick trip to Vegas all I can say about this place is WOW!  The food and the service were both fantastic!  We ordered soup to start.  Based on the waiter's recommendation, I had the Tom Kha Kai with prawns which was perfectly balanced sour and hot. I like heat, a lot.  The 6 was plenty hot.  . . For the main dishes, we ordered the Panang Curry, Pad Ped, and Seafood Drunken Noodles to share.  Oh.  My.  God.  Beautiful presentation, so incredibly flavorful, perfect texture, just the right amount of heat (4), absolutely delicious!  My girlfriends and I couldn't stop talking about how enjoyable the meal was.  I will definitely visit again on my next trip!
Service was great. Area is horrible but worth it. Favorite thing is the hot wings medium spicy with a side of rice. Its on the appetizer section but can be a meal. Yum!
This place rocks, take out is key, the wait is long but the food is outstanding, such a variety of thai food, they do have a good lunch buffet as well.
We went there out of curiosity to find out what's special- why a lot more were raving about and just to check the place...and we ended up eating lunch as they were serving buffet. . . Service was polite and friendly. As soon as we entered they greeted us at the entrance and offered us a table.They sat us near the wine cellar and after a few minutes this place was almost full. . . The food was good and flavorful. They have a great lady chef constantly refilling the buffet line and checking the customers' needs.. . Servers were very attentive in checking up on us if there's anything we needed and clearing our used plates. . . Both the food and service is excellent in my book.
Two words: Garlic Prawns! I would recommend this dish to anyone who loves some crispy well made shrimp! Came here and ordered the Tom Yum soup, Crispy Duck with Chili Mint Leaves, Garlic Prawns and Drunken noodles with Soft Shell Crab. The soup was very eh in my opinion, I would skip it the next time I came here. I thought the Duck was well made and crispy even being drenched in sauce! The Drunken noodles were OK, not anything superb but definitely good. The best thing has to be hands down the Garlic Prawns, large pieces of shrimp that were crispy days after when the hubby ate it cold from the fridge!
I would say that this is one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.. . It is located in the sketchier area of Las Vegas, sigh. We couldn't even make it into the restaurant without a man following us from our car to ask for money, and then getting on his knees until we got into the restaurant. Ay yi yi. I saw a few other would-be patrons getting hassled in a similar fashion from others as well.. . We had to wait about 15 minutes before were were seated at our table. You're definitely going to feel a little claustrophobic in their waiting area because there were many people mushed together! . . Overall, it was a good experience while dining. They always made sure that our drink glasses were filled and came over to check on us often. I had Pad See Ew (my favorite Thai dish) with steamed tofu and my friend had one of their duck entrees. This place has the BEST Tom Yum Koong that I have ever had! :) The food still came out pretty quickly for how packed they were that night!
My wife is the thai food expert, and this is the place she wanted to go for her birthday.  I found many items on the menu that I liked, that were not too hot, and I enjoyed my selections very much.  She was in heaven!  We will go back again the next time we are in Vegas.
We could not wait for 1hr so we did take out.  It was more than fantastic!!!! Will be here again tomorrow too. :-)  Shrimp fry and fried rice was awesome.
Seriously, the best Thai food I've ever had, period, end of story.  The first time I attempted to dine here I was told there was a 45 minute wait...that was on a Sunday at about 8:30 PM.  Not willing to wait that long I decided to try again the next day.  Wow am I glad I did.  This place looks a little run down and isn't in the greatest area of town but it's completely worth venturing out of your comfort zone for this place.  They must have a good thing going considering the wait times and it was PACKED both nights at off-peak times.. . For dinner I had the Drunken Noodle Prawns and the Crispy Duck Panang Style.  The Drunken Noodle Prawns were amazing, that's all I can say.  I don't even know what the sauce and spices were but this dish blew me away.  The crispy duck was decent but I'm not a huge fan of duck to begin with...the red curry that it was with was some of the best curry I've ever tasted however. I will substitute the duck for chicken or beef next time and all will be well!  Service was great and very attentive. The waiter new the menu well, was prompt and the timing was spot on.. . Definitively give this place a shot.  It's in the East Sahara and Maryland Parkway area and worth the drive from anywhere in town.
Tucked in a strip mall on E. Sahara Avenue, Lotus of Siam is a major hit for excellent Thai cuisine. We experienced this little gem on a Friday night and, at least that night, I'm glad we had reservations. The restaurant was packed. So, consider yourself warned ... we were told they would only hold reservations for five minutes. You snooze, you lose.. . The restaurant is somewhat casual, so shorts and a tee-shirt would have sufficed, but a few of our group of four were dressed for a show and gambling at one of the upscale properties. Each of us would have felt comfortable either way.. . The delight of Lotus of Siam is not the decor or the layout; it's the food. Sooooo good. And there are more selections than one might need -- but who's to complain?! We ordered four entrees: Garlic Prawns (at the suggestion of the server); Chicken Panang; Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles (again, at the suggestion of the server); and Pineapple Fried Rice.. . All were excellent choices. The Garlic Prawns topped with ground black pepper were oh-so-lightly deep fried in their paper thin shells. No need to peel these crispy little delicacies -- eat 'em shell and all! The Chicken Panang contained plenty of thinly sliced chicken breast medallions soaking in a heavenly, light curry/coconut/basil/chili sauce. You may need to keep the sticky rice bowl handy, as the Panang and sticky rice mix well together. The Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles had a nice contrast of flavors between the fresh chili and Thai basil, while the fish itself maintained the mellow flavor characteristic of good sea bass. And, finally, the Pineapple Fried Rice containing curry powder, pineapple, shrimp and chicken was a good little addition -- especially with the contrast of the pineapple to the traditional Thai flavors of the other entrees.. . I can't eat Thai food without a Singha lager beer, which I enjoyed. Others in my group shared a bottle of wine from a reasonably long list of wines from various areas of the world. (They selected a Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand -- which at least is from the same hemisphere as Thailand!). . This was the best Thai food restaurant that I've been to, hands down. And I've been to Thailand!
Ok, this place gets 5000 stars for food.  It was WAY over the top good.  We started with the fried fish cakes and they were unbelievable.  Then my sister ordered a fried shrimp dish - they are fried shells and all.  You eat the shells and they are "like potato chips".  I had the fried softshell crabs and we shared a bean dish.  Both my sister and I were torn between two different dishes and the waiter quickly pointed us to what we ordered and I could have hugged him for it.  The flavors were just out of the world. Things that were supposed to be "medium spicy" had a very pleasant heat but not painful.  Would go again in a heartbeat. . . They have a fantastic wine selection and unlike many Thai restaurants your wine comes in real crystal and not thick glass goblets.. . So why only 4 stores?  The ambiance is assaulting.  Bright lights, acoustical ceiling tiles, disgusting carpet, cafeteria style dining rooms (the place is quite large), tackily-hung photos on the wall.  In a word:  Ick.  I noticed a dimmer switch near the wine room and almost adjusted the lighting down.  Just to give my eyes a break.. . The service was not-so-bueno.  It took a very, very long time.  But all was forgiven when the first dish arrived.
Okay - I've been reading about this place for a long time now.... . I was overjoyed to finally eat here once and for all.  The place is located in a bizarre open shopping square area off the strip.  Some of the neighboring shops I noticed were a Korean place, a billiards supply store, a few gay bars, a gay gym, and yes, a full blown all out Sex Club for swingers and singles.  Wow.. . When you walk into LoS, you notice right away that they didn't put a lot of attention in the design or presentation of the restaurant.  I saw lots of old wood on the walls, with several framed photos of celebs that have eaten there.  The restaurant was somewhat maze-like with halls and alleys leading all over the place.  I was surprised to see a lunchtime buffet there, but I stuck to the regular menu/. . I ordered what turned out to be perhaps THE tastiest Pad Thai I've EVER eaten - and that includes genuine Thai places in Bangkok.  The noodles had a golden caramelized nuttiness to them - something I never experienced before, but really enjoyed.  Same with the thai iced tea - very pleasing, and again, perhaps the best I've ever had before.. . Price wise, items were maybe $2-3 more than most other Thai places, and portions seemed to be a little on the smaller end of the scale.  Not a big deal, seeing how the food tastes so damned great!. . 4 outta 5 stars from me, I'll return to indulge in some heavenly Thai grub the next time I'm in Vegas.
Take the time to enjoy this little treasure. The food was amazing. We began conversing with both tables next to us and sharing each other's dishes. The experience was one of my favorite times while in Vegas.
WORST SERVERS EVER.  This lady had 0 personality and to ask her a question it looks like she could not be bothered very very annoying. Onto the food now ! you lost a start for your lousy service. Started out with the shrimp salad excellent shrimp cooked to perfection in an amazing mint sauce. I also got the green papaya salad was good. for my entree i got the drunken noodles with shrimp. The noodles were defintely fresh made in house.  They were stir fried not deep fried. My dish came out luke warm to the point I could not enjoy it I sent it back and it came back steaming hot. Much better we waited 50 minutes for our lunch after our appetizers were served, Also got the garlic fried shrimp everyone raved about was very good hardly and oil the way it was cooked was perfect. this place is far off the strip. I definitely would go back the next time i returned though. Hopefully I will get a different waitress !!
We had to get to Lotus of Siam before leaving for the airport. I wasn't going to risk not making it in, so we got there at 5:20 (10 minutes before they open) and.... . THERE WAS A HUGE LINE! Nobody told me about this! This place is so popular that people are lined up outside before it even opens. Luckily, we were able to snag a seat and enjoy a great meal.. . We loved the drunked noodles and green curry with beef, but the highlight was a pork/chili dipping sauce from the "Northern Thailand" page of the menu. This dish was incredibly flavorful and different from any other Asian food I have ever tried (and I live in Chinatown, Philadelphia). The other items were very good, but didn't stand out asmuch.. . What did stand out was the great service. The waitstaff was busy, organized, polite and helpful. Couldn't ask for more!
I love the lunch buffet, it's a great value! They have this amazing beef soup on it and I love to dip the shrimp chips in it! The pad Thai and the tempura on the buffet are also surprisingly tasty. As for dinner, I really like the crispy duck Penang. Very extensive wine list too. It's always a challenge for me to order dinner b/c the menu is so extensive - it's a good thing though.
Yum!  As I have stated in prior reviews, I am NOT a Thai food professional!  Don't get me wrong, I like Thai food more than I should and I have been on a kick the past few months, but I rarely varie from Pad Thai or Curry.  That said, I was EXTREMELY tempted to wonder off my path and attempt a new item or two (but didn't due to a long road trip home and I did NOT want to chance something not sitting right - if you know what I mean).  . . They did screw our order up (wifes curry WAY too spicy for her and my Pad Thai not nearly spicy enough).  We just swapped plates and enjoyed each others meals (no complaints from me, I really like spicy curry).. . The food is good, staff is helpful and friendly.  The restaurant is not the nicest I have been in (you can tell from the outside you will not be experiencing fine dinning) - but again, I am not really complaining.  The place is clean, just older.. . My wife and I enjoyed looking at pictures of all the famous people who have enjoyed a meal or two here and even though the place was packed, we got a table quickly and our food came out fast.. . Overall it was a great experience and next time I am in Vegas I will try something new at Lotus of Siam!
pretty good food, gets very busy but didn't have to wait long, nice wine selection, and ran into Jim Belushi there..
I should have really came here at the beginning of my trip and not the end...when I was fooded out and still digesting the meal from the past 4 nights. . . AND because I'm a buffet person, I went strictly for the lunch buffet, which is NOT $7.99 anymore, but $11.99. Hello. . . Either way I did enjoy this modest lunch buffet as it offered the Thai basics of fried wings, green curry, pad thai, tom yung (?) soup and some other noodles and rice dishes. It was good but again I felt I did myself and this restaurant a disservice by hitting it up the way I did.. . Next time, I will bring a lot of people so we can order ALL the specialty dishes that Lotus has won awards for. And I will do this on my first night in Vegas...not my last lunch. =( . . Pros:. -Affordable and tasty Thai buffet. Cannot find this quality or price or even a Thai buffet in Hawaii. . -Quick and attentive service . -Lot's of parking in this ghetto looking strip mall. . Cons:. -It's in a ghetto looking strip mall yo. but that's a good thing I guess coz you know they can't pass on their "high" rent or "fancy" decor onto their customers. Or at least you hope not!
I always thought that Lotus of Siam got so much publicity and business from their reputation alone that I didn't think that I would ever come here.  The last thing I wanted to do is fight locals and tourists for a seat.  BUT, my group wanted to try them on the final day of our trip and who am I to tell them no?  So I headed out here first to snag a table for eight of us, a very hard task considering that they are always busy even after the lunch hour passes.. . After confirming with the hostess that our table was ready, another group of 21 comes in and asks for a table.  Now mind you, my group hasn't arrived yet and that group eyeballed my empty table for a bit but thankfully, my group showed up and proceeded to sit down.. . The things that I remembered enjoying the most were the satay appetizer, the pineapple fried rice, the drunken noodles, pad thai, and the pork belly.  They also served a dish with raw shrimp served sashimi style.  I'm a fish sashimi guy but never had I ever tried shrimp raw before.  After dipping the shrimp in their sauce, I can honestly say that I can add raw shrimp to my favorites list.  It was really good.. . I can't say that their location is in the best neighborhood but the food really does live up to its reputation.  Next time I come here, I'm going for the lunch buffet.
great tasting thai food - much pricier than my usual LA thai fare (Palms in Hollywood and Uncle Tim's Thai Village in West Covina) . i would recommend it to friends who are sick of american food around the Strip :)
This place looks super sketchy from the outside. However, once you walk in, it is packed with tourist. There are cabs always in front of the restaurant. This was my first time going to this restaurant. I must say that the restaurant is quite spacious and surprised how packed it was. They have huge selection of wines so, all you wine lovers definitely check it out. It is inside a glass case where you can see each wine. I ordered pineapple fried rice and Thai tea. The tea was amazing. It's definitely better than Archi's. The fried rice was quite dry. I don't think I'll order it again. The good news is that the shrimp in my fried rice didn't smell fishy. Overall, the service was great and I would go back even as a local. I doubt that I'll go during the weekends because of the long wait. I wish they took reservations or at least call aheads.
I want to give this place a 5 stars but one of the three dishes that I order were good but not excellent. Thanks to other Yelpers' recommendations, I ordered the Nam Kai Tod (crispy rice), Crispy Catfish with Apple, and Crispy duck with drunken noodles- note the "Crispy" theme here.  The first two dishes had so much flavor in one bite.  The Crispy Duck was good but the drunken noodles were so-so.  . There were so many enticing dishes on the menu but I did now have enough people to help me chow the food down.  These dishes will have to wait for me the next time I visit Vegas.  .  - Show up early for dinner if you want first seating. I visited this place on Saturday night, the door opened at 5:30PM, and all tables were filled by 6:00PM.. - If you want a pleasant dining experience, bring a big party with you so that you can explore more items on the menu and show up when the door opens.
We came here on the recommendation of someone who used to live in Vegas, who said this was THE place to get the best Thai food. We arrived about 30 minutes after the start of dinner service on a weekend with no reservation, and although there was already a line of people waiting for tables, we didn't have to wait long (Maybe 5-10 minutes).. . The menu is quite extensive, and spans various regions of Thailand. The alcohol list is also equally as extensive, for those that choose to have some with their meal. After reading the great reviews about the drunken noodles, I decided on the seafood drunken noodles ($13). I had other people in my party get chicken pad Thai and chicken panang. . . The drunken noodles came in a flavorful brown sauce, cooked well. I wasn't too impressed with the seafood mixture though. It looked like it came out of one of those cheaper seafood mixes you get in the freezer section at the Asian grocery store. It had pre-cut slices of calamari, scallops, mussels, and imitation crab. The seafood itself tasted just OK. The calamari did taste a little tough though. . . I asked for the dish "medium" spice level, and I thought it was spot-on. It was spicy enough to give you some kick to your meal, but mild enough that you won't be drowning yourself in gallons of water to cool off from the heat. The person that had the chicken pad Thai was very satisfied with her meal, and the person that had the chicken panang thought it was good, albeit also a little pricy for what he got.. . Service was excellent despite it being very busy. Plates were taken as needed and drinks were refilled fairly promptly.. . I'd definitely like to come here again to try something different. I'd also like to try their lunch buffet sometime!
Very very good food. It's probably the best Thai food I've found here so far. The beef pad se ew was delicious. The only reason I didn't give Lotus of Siam a 5 star is because they do not have a lunch specials.
Very good had pad Thai
this place is so well hidden, i fully agree when reviewers believe that it is the locals hide this gem from the prying eyes of tourists.. . The moment you step in, you realise why this place is so popular! the decor is beautiful, the wine cellar is impressive and the servers extremely friendly.. . We had phad thai, green curry and some soup which was a mix of coconut milk and spicy tom yum like soup. The first and last dish were above average. I have been eating thai food since I was a kid and coming from Asia, the meal here is pretty authentic. what stood out the most was the amazing green curry! It is as good as the best I have eaten in thailand! . . the dessert of mango and sticky rice with coconut ice cream was above average. . . For excellent, authentic thai food, this place is a MUST TRY! :) prices are extremely affordable too! :)h
Lotus is one of my favorite Thai eateries in the Valley. The atmosphere is blah, the service is hit, miss, or indifferent, but the dishes are normally superb. The Nam Kao Tod is a great way to start off your meal (however, on my last visit it was a bit salty). From there, you can hardly go wrong picking from their extensive menu. Also, there is a great selection of wine (especially for an Asian joint) to plow through. Yes, you will have to park in one of the more notorious strip malls in town and probably get hit up for change on your walk to the front door, but that is just called "adventure" - and it is worth it to grab some truly great Thai.
I've now had 2 dinners here and I much prefer eating here than having dinner on the strip.. . The food is delicious and there is also a great wine selection! I've never been to a thai restaurant that takes wine pairing so seriously, it's awesome.. . My most favorite dish is the braised short rib Khao Soi. Braised short ribs on top of egg noodles with the most delicious coconut curry ever. You definitely need some sticky rice to dip in the sauce as well. So good!. . I also really liked the garlic prawns. Very fried so I recommend sharing this dish with a big group. 1 is enough.. . Nam Kao Tod (crispy rice salad) is a great starter. Everyone seems to order this and it's definitely for a reason.. . No reservations are taken over the summer so get here early! We arrived with a group of 8 at about 5:10 on Saturday and were 2nd in line. By the time they opened at 5:30 there was a giant line. By 7:30 when we left there were TONS of people waiting..
This place did not disappoint.  It was worth the $20 (each way) cab ride from the strip.  Very friendly and knowledgable staff.  The service was fast, and the food was GREAT!  And wow, what a selection of Riesling!!!!
Best piece of advise I can give you about LofS is to KNOW YOUR SPICE LEVEL.  If you don't just ask the waiter.  I've made that mistake once or twice and paid for it dearly during the meal.  Beyond that, most of the food here you can't go wrong with.  Try something new if it sounds good and generally it'll be amazing.. . I've been here about a dozen times now and the tom kha soup is what keeps me coming back.  Absolutely amazing.   Having said that, usually we'll order 4 or 5 dishes and chow down, it seems that all the chefs there aren't exactly cooking the same meals consistently.  We'll LOVE a dish one night, try it again on the next visit and ... well... just isn't the same.  It's still good, just not mind-blowing *shruggs* can't win them all.. . If you know you are planning on trying here, MAKE RESERVATIONS, if you are trying to get in last minute at dinner time, try showing up 15/20/30min before they open.  The line usually will already be forming at the time but I've had good luck getting in that way.  . . Best of luck to you and hopefully you enjoy!
Great thai food.  Came right at their opening for lunch on a Monday morning, 11:30am.  No wait but it quickly filled up by the time we left around 1:00pm ish.  Had pad thai, duck curry, a suggested pork dish, and their sea bass over drunken noodles.  . . All of it was good, well balanced with flavors.  Not sure what it is with drunken noodles but it works.  The waitress recommended us to pair our sea bass with it and we're glad we listened.  They miss most of the pad thai for you when its served except for the nuts.  We went through half of before we realized it and finished mixing it in.  . . The thai tea was on the sweet side so we added water to ours.  . . We'd be back to try different dishes when we're in town.
Came here at 12:30 for lunch and was seated quickly. The place is low key in a swinging shopping center (**rimshot**), quiet and rather large inside. Tip: do NOT do the lunch buffet. Sure there are 20 items, but one walk past it and you can tell it's not of the highest quality. Why spend $10 on 5-6 mediocre dishes when you can drop $10 and get a fresh dish that's sure to fill you up. . . Here was the order:. Crispy duck curry - Curry is super creamy and delicious and the duck is crispy on the outside, while moist and flavorful throughout. A great dish. The problem? $24. I don't think I'd go down that road again. . . Khao Soi Beef- awesome little noodle dish. On spice level 7, it was hot enough to make me sweat a bit, but doesn't overwhelm. The noodles were long, the beef was tender and the curry was light, but packed a punch. A great combo. . . Egg rolls-. Eh. . . Def good eats to be had here. The menu has 150 items, so you're sure to find something to match your tastes. Looking forward to returning.
Amazing Thai restaurant. I would eat here again. I had the dumpling special & Salmon special. A colleague recommended this place & I am recommending it to others :-D
I'm hovering between three and four stars, but my one time dining at Lotus of Siam was so long ago, that I will stick with four until I get a chance to go back!. . Having heard so much about this place prior to even moving to Las Vegas, I decided to check it out for lunch almost immediately after unloading the U-Haul. Ah, the good old days (circa 2007!), when I had the kind of free time that would allow me to wait an hour to be seated for lunch! Yes, the most memorable part about the experience was definitely the wait time.. . By the time I got a table, I was famished and impatient and opted for the lunch buffet. Nothing stood out as particularly mind-blowing, but noneof the limited dishes were bad either. I believe there was a minced chicken dish, rice, a veggie noodle option, chicken wings and a few soups along side some salads and condiments. I filled up and left satisfied, but felt no overwhelming need to return immediately.. . Based on the other reviews and mouth-watering user photos, I know I will need to try again, probably for dinner, and order some of the more exciting options. I suck at advance planning- come to think of it, I did try to come back twice and found the place closed once and a line halfway down the block the other- but I do think LOS warrants another trip sooner rather than later.
We went to this Thai restaurant in the middle of nowhere just because of the yelp reviews. The place looked so rundown and was situated in a dilapidated strip mall. But when we went inside, it was bustling with people which was a big deal since it was the Christmas Day. The spicy Thai fried rice I had and the curry which my husband had we're both very tasty.
My second favorite restaurant in Vegas besides Raku that i have to visit whenever i go to Vegas. The food is excellent and the wine selection is impressive. Save room for dessert: I definitely recommend sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream. They have the BEST coconut ice cream
Like many others have written before it really looks sad from the outside but dont let it fool you. . Also the interior feels a bit like the school eatery and its not avery cosy place for a date but if you want great thai food.......This is the place! . . I started with the thai style beef jerky. It was juicy and great in taste but a bit hard to rip . apart both with the knife and teeth. I was kind of sore in my jaw after the appetizer like ive had a bunch of jaw breakers but it was so tasty i couldnt stop eating.......... . . I couldnt decide on what entree to choose so i took chicken with cashewnuts and oystersauce and the beef panang. The waiter asked how spicy we wanted the food from a 1-10 rating..... . Since we all love really spicy food like thai and indian and ive spent several weeks in thailand i took 7 on my dishes. BAD CHOICE.......it was so spicy i almsot fell of my chair and by far the most spicy food i have ever had. We sat in silent the four of us but in the end ate ALL of the food. . . That was how good it was. The flavours came through even though the spicyness and the beef and chicken was very fresh. We drank ALOT of water with the food but wouldnt hesitate eating here again. Would not go over 5 next time when it comes to the level of spicyness. . . Prices are good with appetizers from 6-9 and most entrees around 10-12 $.
This place is well worth the long wait. I would imagine this is one of locals best kept secrets. The restaurant is nestled in a shopping plaza that isn't exactly thriving but it's all happening at Lotus of Siam. The food was delivered quickly and was as delicious as the many other reviewers say.
Probably the best Thai in Las Vegas.. It's located in a honestly run down looking shopping center, but they keep the interior nice and classy.  . The wait can be long sometimes at dinner, but the food is worth it.. Portions are big, and they don't scrimp on the food, for example, a seafood dish will definitely have more than just 2 shrimps, unlike some other restaurants.. I'd also suggest going to their lunch buffet if you want to get a sampling of their foods.
While ridiculous adding a review to a business that already has 1k+ here in Yelp I felt compelled to add my voice echoing the experience so many others have had. . . The food - excellent. . The staff - cheerful and attentive.. . The only drawback which likely doesn't matter to most is the "hole-in-the-wall" aspect. If ambiance is not something you are looking for then consider this a five star review.
I had high expectations from the moment we arrived... The line was out the door and down the sidewalk and they were still 30 minutes from opening. I had the Pad Thai, which was good (not the best but good) and the spring rolls. Additionally, we got number 14, the crispy rice with sausage, and it was wonderful! So many individual flavors and ingredients- very unique. We also ordered Massaman curry, which was good.
Amazing food at the most unexpected hole in the wall. . . I had heard that Lotus of Siam was one of Vegas' hidden off-the-strip gems. Little did I know how much of a foodie-find it would be.. . When my fiance and I drove into the dark shopping center parking lot, the one place illuminated, was Lotus of Siam. We walked in and were cordially greeted. We were impressed by the large wine selection and even larger menu. This restaurant features not only your traditional Thai, but interesting cultural blends of Laos, Burmese, and northern Thai foods. . . Yes, you can order the traditional satay, pad thai, and curry. But why? We decided to be adventurous...even though we did order the satay with peanut sauce (to die for). We had some sort of sausage, a duck dish, a northern Thai stew (I specifically asked for the one without the blood in it...yes, they have some dishes with pork blood. I'm an adventurous eater, but not that adventurous. ), and a coconut soup that you just wanted to rub all over your body, it was so good.  I wish I could remember the names of what we had specifically. . . Lotus of Siam certainly lives up to it's reputation of awesome and adventurous food. We're definitely going back next time we're in Vegas. Happy eating!
Deep Fried Garlic Prawns are so delicious! The garlic, lime chili sauce that is drizzled over the prawns is genius. The regular Thai food like Pad Se Ew and Panang Curry was ok, but not memorable like the Prawns. We  went here recently and had amazing service, friendly staff and was very knowledgeable on the many and many kinds of Japanese Sake they had. The Banzai Bunny is a blueberry sake that is my favorite sake ever. All of the sake is pricey though.. A definite must try!. . The place is actually pretty busy. They a small waiting area, reviews and pictures of celebrities all over the restaurant that has dined at Lotus of Siam.. . The place is in the boonies of Vegas, but once you enter the restaurant and eat the food, you can see why people would go here.
Yummy!!! They offer many authentic Thai dishes not offered elsewhere. They offer a big selection of alcohol as well. The portion is a bit small for the price but the taste makes up for it! Do make a reservation! I really liked the Hor Mok with Seabass.
By far one of the best Thai Restaurants I have been to. The seafood drunken noodle and the larb are a must try, though the BBQ pork is also a must have.. I give it 4 stars, minus 1 for the location and the noise factor.
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers! (Side Note: Got hit up for change once again in the the parking lot.)
Everything was a tad off. Service was slow and the food came out sporadically. Seems they need to improve on their customer service.
Hidden secret!   Man!
The food was good but based on all the hype, I was slightly disappointed. Not to say that I didn't enjoy the meal, because I did, but I was just expecting a little more.. . What we ordered: crispy wontons, tom yum soup, pineapple fried rice with chicken, seafood drunken noodles (spicy level 5), garlic prawns and roasted duck in panang curry.. . As appetizers, the crispy wontons and tom yum soup were very good. The soup however left me slightly disappointed because it wasn't HOT when it came out. It was more like, warm.... why?. . Out of our entrees, the roasted duck in panang curry is AN ABSOLUTE MUST. It was a favorite of the entire table. Perfect in every way possible, I wish I could eat this everyday! The garlic prawns were ordered per the server's recommendation and I'm so glad we did! It was perfectly seasoned, perfectly crispy and not drenched in oil. I even tried eating the shell and it was so good! :) . . I loveeeee seafood drunken noodles but these drunken noodles were just okay in my opinion. Again, it didn't come out very hot so that was disappointing. And the spicy level of 5 (which I heard would be pretty spicy) was not spicy at all. Also, I'm not a fan when restaurants (especially with such a hyped up name) uses imitation crab meat or anything for that matter, so that was slightly disappointing. The pineapple fried rice had yellow curry in it so that was interesting, but not quite my preference. It was just OK and I'd never order it there again. . . So with that said, the roasted duck in panang curry (under chef's selection) was amazing so make sure you try that! And the garlic prawns as well! Make sure you call ahead to make reservations. It may be hard to get a hold of them, but persistence will pay off in the end.
Got a referral to lotus of Siam. It was a taxi hike off the strip but worth it.Didn't have a reservations but it was only an hour wait. I was surprised by the wine selection. Had a nice Pinot noir.  . . Ordered the tom yum soup w shrimps which had a nice balance of spice and flavors. Ordered the deep fried sea bass drunken noodles which was nom nom. Green curry w chicken was delish. And mixed vegetables Ka Pow style. Everything was great. Service was good too. . . Highly recommend.
They gave us a small table for 5 people. How do you expect us to have a dinner if you can't even fit all the food on the table! Zzz excellent food. Almost everything we got was good and well cooked and seasoned . I usually don't like Thai food but it satisfied me.
Best Duck Panang I've ever had. World class Thai food. Service often is extremely slow, but the food makes up for it!
My husband and I have been waiting to come here but never get the chance to. From what I understand, there is always a long wait. We decided to come right when try opened for dinner, so the wait wasn't bad at all. . We ordered their soup, which was a little on the sour side, but still tasty. Their crispy duck was very tasty, but the portion was smaller than expected. Their pad see ew was very good! Even though we were very full, we decided to try their fried bananas with coconut ice cream. It was delicious! . Their service was outstanding, which a quite different than what we are used to getting at Asian restaurants. . We will definitely be back!
Food was really delicious. We had 7 people. Ordered 4 appetizers and 6 entrees. We made a reservation beforehand, which is highly recommended.. . We got the drunken noodles with soft shell crab, butterfly shrimp, a bunch of curries, and dumplings. The soft shell crab was good but not amazing. Same with the butterfly shrimp. Dumplings were delicious as were the curries. Their spiciness scale is off. We got 2/10 spiciness and it was quite spicy. . . This place is off the strip so if you have a car and want something relatively affordable it's worth checking out. It's pretty expensive for Thai food though.
Overall: 4/5 for good service and good food (1 star off for the imitation crab). . . We arrived at 530 with no reservation on a Monday evening and were seated right away (when we left around 620 people were waiting at the door).. . Overall the price is very reasonable ($10 for most dishes). My friend got the cashew nut chicken (7/10 spicy left a very strong almost burning aftertaste which is amazing). Overall the dish was great (4/5).. . I had the drunken noodles with seafood. It was like pad see ew (delicious!) with a variety of seafood on top. The shrimp and squid were pretty good but the imitation crab (the biggest part of the dish) was a let-down. If I order that again I would specifically ask to leave the crab off. (3/5) . . I'm excited to go back and try even more on their expansive menu.
Surprisingly, this place is legit. A lot of the time these super-hyped places are just that, hype. Commercial Center, where this is located does not convey how nice and clean it is on the inside. . . Panang chicken and shrimp was very good. The shrimp, unlike a lot of places were big and tender. . . They do have a lunch buffet with a decent offering, and I don't know if they change it up daily or not, but it didn't tickle my fancy.   Our group of ~16 was almost evenly divided. . . There are two major cons to this place. . . 1) I like spicy food and usually order a 7/10 wherever I go.  In this instance I went with a sizeable group of people, all who like it spicy. In this instance 7 was way spicy. More like a 10 or 11 and I wasn't the only one with this assessment. . . . 2) While the food was very good, $11.95 for the lunch portion just seemed too high. . . I'm only giving this a four star rating due to the price. If it was a little more in line with lunch entree pricing, it would have been a five.
We spent a long weekend in Vegas and made a point to have lunch here our last day based on Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed!! Ordered the crispy duck Panang and grilled prawns in garlic sauce.  Prawns were good, but seemed more like an appetizer than an entree (entree size, but finger food).  Duck was delicious!  Next time will come back and try khao soi, pad thai, and green curry.  Recommend taking a taxi.  We took monorail from MGM to Sahara and then a cab.  Next time would just take a taxi.
Ambience is lacking inside and out  ... I pulled up in a cab to a deserted looking mall and wondered whether I wanted to keep my lunch reservation ... I'm glad I did.. . I had the black pepper garlic chicken wings.  They were not greasy, yet crispy and flavorful.  I loved the salty, slightly sweet garlic spice rub they put on the wings prior to frying.. . The pork fried rice was initially just okay -- but after doctoring it up, it was great.  They initiallly got my order wrong, but even on the second try it was lacking in flavor so I asked for some of the spice rub for the wings and I mixed it in along with some of the thai bird chili and fish sauce (from the chili cart you need to ask for).  Pork is cut into  larger, thinish squares ... I prefer thicker and longer slices (typically a bit moister).. . Service was prompt and friendly.
Prepare to make love to your food.. . The tom kah Kai soup -- the flavors are so complimentary. So distinct. I could eat this almost daily. You must get at least a cup. I split a cup with a friend and it was perfect.. . Had the drunken noodles with soft shell crab. Was good but I was almost more surprised by how not in love I was. It was ok. Good but I would definitely get something else next time.
Went here based on the recommendation by other yelpers. I was surprised that the place is pretty big for a mom and pop establishment. . We reached on a Saturday evening and packed with at least 3-4 groups waiting for ahead of us. I was amazed how quickly they moved people around. Just waited for 5 mins!!!. . Ambiance / Decor: Nothing great about the ambiance, standard run of the mill place. The location of the bar is a little strange, its right at the end of the dining area, so you see a lot of people moving around while waiting for the tables. . . Server: Our server was very attentive and friendly. He cracked a few jokes and kept the conversation lively. Also checked on us time to time.. . Food: The food was good. We tried drunken noodles and green curry. I found that they used more basil compared to other places... I love basil in all forms, so had nothing to complain. Their spice level are a little inconsistent, on a scale of 1-10 we ordered 7 for both our entree. Drunken noodles were not spicy whereas the green curry literally made me sweat due to spice.. . Overall: Good food. If you love Thai food this place will not disappoint.
Lovely to find a Thai buffet in Vegas for lunch. The tom kha is really good, spiced up the way i like it. The fried bananas where good too, we especially liked the pad Thai, most places I've been to don't make a good pad thsi, this place does.
This was probably the only proper meal I had during my bachelorette trip to Vegas besides Monta Ramen. Great Thai food! Not light handed on the spice so be warned. It's off the strip by cab in a lonely looking shopping mall and there's most likely going to be a wait, but it's definitely worth the wait. Anything you order will be good, but my fave was the Thai fried rice. I know, pretty typical, but isn't that how you judge how good a place is - by the standard dishes? At least that's my method. Enjoy!
This place is definitely tasty, but not the zOMG I was expecting considering all the raving reviews. . . We ordered fish cake (meh... kinda greasy and meh. I've had better.), Prawn appetizer (a good sized shrimp, but that's all it was ... crispy wonton wrapped around shrimp), Nam Kao Tod, Chicken rama, Braised short rib Panang (very nicely cooked and the curry was excellent to drench the rice in), khao soi beef, ginger sea bass (this was OK... It reminded me of authentic Chinese dishes, which has better flavor... probably because of the MSG), and crispy duck drunken noodles (again, this reminded me of authentic Chinese dishes which I like more). Despite me liking the Chinese versions more, these dishes were still pretty good. . . I also had pretty solid Thai Coffee and a very bold glass of Riesling wine. . . Service was fantastic even though they were obviously running around because it was busy. . . If you go here, you will have an enjoyable meal and friendly staff. Do not be deterred by the shadiness of it from the outside. Inside is quite welcoming. Bright and clean.
Great food!  My stomach was very happy and I couldn't stop eating. They serve the food fast too so you don't have to wait long. And they got a good selection of wine as well.
A Thai person recommended this spot to me so I already knew this was the good-good. . . Hidden gem in Las Vegas. . . Superb. Excellent. Met my expectations. . . Get the fried garlic shrimp. My favorite thing on the menu and well worth the price.
Went for luncheon buffet.  Pad Thai was good, but not the taste I'm used to.  Chicken wings very good.  Chicken with mint very good.  Soup OK and very spicy.  Some of the other dishes were pretty average.  We were there a few years ago and found that both the number of offerings, and the really hot spicy food had diminished somewhat.  We would go again.
Came here to check out whether all the hype is true. Well, I'm happy to say that Lotus of Siam (almost) lived up to the expectations.. Food is delicious and service is friendly but I always get grossed out by places where they use those big plastic bins to clear tables. Wine list is decent but not as sophisticated as Chada Thai's.. The bottom line: Lotus of Siam is decent but I prefer Chada Thai.
Great find in Vegas, especially if you enjoy N Thai food, the Khao Soi was super! They have a buffet lunch for about $10, but I suggest ordering one or more of their specialty dishes. We will be back again to try more items on the menu as everything was delicious. Good tip - you can walk up to bar and have a drink while you wait.
WHO: For the lovers of Thai food!. . WHERE: In the Korean plaza on Sahara & Commercial.. . WHEN: For lunch, they are open from 11:30a-2:30p. They are closed from 2:30p-5:29p, and reopen for dinner at 5:30p-10:00p (I learned this the hard way because I was actually craving their food today and went at 2:45 only to find out they were closed... wahh! My excitedness got the best of me because I didn't even bother checking their hours. WOMP WOMP WOMPPP!). . WHAT: Prior to coming here for the first time (Yesterday, December 9th), I have always passed by, heard from other people, and have actually seen them on TV! Thankfully one of my best friends has been wanting to come here, so we made it a Date!. . We came for dinner (I heard they have a buffet for lunch *wink wink*), and waited about 15 minutes to get seated. The restaurant was pretty huge for what I thought it would be, and it was definitely ON AND POPPIN' because every single table was taken.. . When we were seated, our server helped us to a glass of water right away, and constantly checked if we were doing okay. My friend and I finally got to ordering:. . We both got cups of soup, which I love, because not a lot of thai places offer cups of soup! =D (Or at least the ones that I have gone to). My favorite soup ever is Tom Kah Kai (because of the coconut milk added). My friend got a tamarind base soup, which was remarkably soothing on a cold winter night.. . For our main dishes, we both got curries. I tried the Musaman curry with veggies and tofu, which was extremely tasteful, my friend got the Green curry with a kick of spice- really good as well!. . There were so many other things I wanted to try on their menu, but I think my eyeballs were playing tricks on me because I for sure wouldn't have finished it all!. . So... GO, GO, GO! I'll probably be back in a few days because I want to try their CRISPY DUCK. MUAHAHA!. . GOOD LUCK, GET THE CRISPY DUCK! =)
Wow was this place soothing on a freezing winter night! Eating Thai warmed us up to our toes!! . . AMBIANCE: 4 - it's really warm inside in the winter, which was a really good change from the freezing cold outside lately! It was very homey and comfortable. Even though the tables are spaced far enough apart, it's a bit crowded from all the people! . . SERVICE: 4 - Service was good, they answered all our questions about the menu and are very kind. However, they were a bit slow and didn't refill our drinks! . . FOOD: 5 - The food was very good!! Every dish is delicious. Me and my friend had 2 curries and Pad Thai and 2 soups to have a whole variety of items, and it was all delicious! The noodles were the best dish, I might go back just for that dish! . . The special dishes were a bit on the expensive side. I'm gonna save up a bit and go back! It's worth it!!!. . This place is worth visiting, it's one of the best Thai food places I've ever had :)
Good food but a little over priced. Portions are normal and not huge for what you would expect (considering that it's Thai food and for their prices) However, the food is good and they have a decent wine selection. Not fit for a wine snob but if you just want a glass or bottle with dinner it's perfect. . . The lunch buffet is decent and good (not amazing) but I typically hate buffets so this saying a lot!  It's just an easy spot to fill up at esp if you're in the area w big eaters so indecisive people.
Great restaurant where you least expect it.  When you want great food that's reasonably price and away from the craziness of the strip.  Service is great and great wine selection.
We odes takeout from this place,  and it was pretty good,  though some of the dishes seemed a little overcooked. I'd like to go back there sometime to eat in the restaurant and see if the food improves at all.  Overall, I would recommend this restaurant based on the selection, speedy prep.
My favorite buffet Mondays only because of the beef soup. Good food reasonable price. Chicken , noodles ,fried rice, all part of the buffet. Plenty of things to eat. Very busy all the time. Not in the best area but I still go. Lots of celebrities come here to eat.
Great food, very authentic.. . If you are from out of town, you need to make a reservation at least a week in advance.. . Noodle with soft-shell crab is our favorite, everything else was delicious also.. The sauce, the flavor .... was incredible.  Portion is a bit small which is fine, this way we have room to try other dishes.. . I would give it a 5-Star if rating the food alone.. I gave it a 4-Star because the restaurant decor, the ambiance, and the entrance are a bit out-dated and stuffy.
After seeing Lotus of Siam on Top Chef Masters, I took a daytrip from LA to Vegas to try this place.  The garlic prawns with shells and the spicy chicken wings are stellar and not to be missed.  The crispy jerky (pretty tough, but that's jerky for ya), duck curry, tom kah kai soup, chicken pad thai, sai oua (Northern style sausage), and drunken noodles with soft shell crab are all really good, not awesome.  For 5 adults, the bill was just under $150 with an 18% gratuity already included.. . Apparently, the section of their menu that is the Northern Thai section contains dishes seldom found in the US.  There are some dishes that are not listed on the menu, but appear on their website.. . I will certainly dine there again the next time I'm in Vegas.  Still dreaming about the amazing garlic prawns...  The service is fine, and the wait staff tries to be quick even though it's always busy.  Our waiter was happy to explain what their specialty dishes were.. . I don't drink, but my wine-loving friends say there's no Thai place in America with their top notch wine list.  There is also a lunch buffet option for about $10, which looked good but not very unique.
In Vegas for a few days and this place came highly recommended. We got there right around 1pm on a Monday - today and it was busy. We had to wait about 35 minutes for a table of 2. We were told by the waitress that the buffet was closing in 25 minutes so we could order that or order off the menu. We chose to order off the menu.. . We ordered an appetizer and two items off the Chefs Choice.. For drinks we got a Thai beer - Singha and then a Thai Iced team - which tasted like candy.. . . Our appetizer was  GARLIC BLACK PEPPER CHICKEN WINGS - the wings were big and fried perfectly well. The garlic was definitely in full force but really yummy.. . Entrees included: GARLIC PRAWNS - which were really fantastic. Cooked perfectly and seasoned very nicely. The prawns came on top a small bed of lettuce, carrots, cilantro and a delicious sauce. This would be a great appetizer even for the table if you had a party of 4.. . and. . KHAO SOI BRAISED SHORT RIB - this was really great. the short rib was incredibly tender. The curry was just the right amount of spicy. . . Service was a little slow. It seemed like they had just gotten slammed and we were coming in right at the end of lunch rush. It took a while to get our food and it took a while for them to take the food away, get our bill and then for them to take  and run the credit card so we could leave.  I felt like they were rushed and so some customer service steps were definitely skipped. like checking back on us after we got our appetizer so we could order our drinks. I had to ask the food runner for drinks when he dropped off the entrees because the waiter never popped by to check on us. Not a huge deal - but when we placed our initial order we told the waiter we were debating on our drinks and asked to keep the menu so I was pretty sure he was looped into knowing we wanted to order drinks.. . Food was pretty killer and I would highly recommend it. My hope is next time we come with more people so I can try many more things and I want to thank my hubby for eating a curry dish when hes not the biggest fan :)
