Another great show by cirque de soleil. Not as erotic as I imagined, good taste. Can even come with parents.
Zumanity is part burlesque, part cabaret and part strip-tease. From the moment you sit down, characters will begin to push your limits of comfort. This 18+ show will deliver a night you will never forget. . . - Extremely Sexual, Yet Classy. - Amazing Acrobatics. - Naughty Crowd Interaction. - Interesting Storyline. - Topless Only. . Unfortunately for all of those people expecting to see a nice topless acrobatic show, you'll also be greeted with an acrobatics chest: none. There are however a few woman that are "fluffy" walking around ready to whip theirs out for show.. . Zumanity is marketed as the Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil and that is no lie. This performance is VERY different from any other show they offer. The performers will give you a really good show if you sit in the front row where I was at with my wife. From sitting on your lap to pulling you on-stage, the show is provocative and seductive.. . From the beginning you are taken on a sexy thrill ride of naughty fun. The characters started a dildo sword fight with an elderly man in the front who happily obliged. After that, they singled out my friends wife for her, well, rack. Spotlight and all!. . I'll have to leave the different acts for you to figure out, because they are all geared at a different preference. I liked half, while the other were just slightly interesting.. . While this should have been one experience that "stayed in Vegas", I'll let it out there for all of you Yelpers to bask in.. . To make a long story short, through the various perks of sitting in the front row (view, characters on you at times) there is also the opportunity for an awkward moment.. . Enter: Mistress of Sensuality Edie. Part man, part woman, part sexual goddess. Edie thought it keen at the end of the show during the "orgy" to pull me on stage *GULP*. This wasn't bad until Edie had me lay on the two "fluffy" ladies where the begin to caress my chest and play with my hair while I gaze into the audience from the rotating stage for my wife's approval.. . It was a interesting experience and I can say that while the show as a whole was OK, the experience is one I will not be able to forget.. . As always, an amazing performance from Cirque du Soleil.
........... *mouth drops open*........... Did that really just happen??! . . Be prepared. This is NOT like anything you have ever seen before. Cirque du Soleil gets a bit naughty with this production. It is very adult oriented ...... leave the kiddos at home (they probably shouldn't be vacationing in Las Vegas anyway...... HINT! HINT!). It is not completely trashy like some of the adult entertainment on the world famous strip (yeah, I'm talking to you ...X Burlesque ............ TRASHY!!). There is PLENTY of eye-candy for everyone. The costumes (skimpy as they are....) are beautifully done and add to the magic. The lighting, the music all comes together to delight your senses. . . The final scene .........well...... it's interesting. Leave your inhibitions at the door and just enjoy.... ZUMANITY
Overall it is a good show, some performance were really cool and sexy.. . The ending was abit too long and i like the interaction with audience.
Not the best Cirque show I've ever seen, but delightfully entertaining and delivered exactly what it promised: 2 sensual, risque, talent-filled hours. . . The show was sexy--I loved the two performers who did the African dance at the top of the show, and of course the gorgeous naked girls swimming in the gigantic fishbowl. Other highlights were the performers who dangled acrobatically from the satin sheet suspended in the ceiling and the bathtub scene. . . It's always fun to watch audience members get pulled up on stage for a little unpredictable raunchiness! . . We had a great time, and I would recommend the show to anyone who enjoys cirque and appreciates a bit of nudity and sexual innuendo.
Love the interaction with the audience.  If you plan on sitting close to the front (even in the middle of an aisle), don't be surprised if you involuntarily participate.  This is definitely different from other Cirque performances, but nevertheless just as fun and entertaining.  . . BTW, don't forget to check out the peep holes in the hall.
I definitely did not know what to expect going in. I had seen a traveling Cirque a few years ago (I can't remember what it was) and I really enjoyed it - there were a lot of acrobatics that I was very impressed with, and thats what I enjoy about this type of theater. I didn't really know what this show was about - I had heard it was "sensual" - but to me, that could have been a lot of things.. . I didn't know if I would enjoy this particular one because I'm not the most open of types about that sort of thing. However, it was worth the money we spent. I'm not sure what level we sat in - it was between the upper level that faces the stage and the lower level, but on the side. I thought those seats were amazing.. . I personally enjoyed the bawdy humor interspersed with acrobatics. I did find it to be a little random, but at the same time, it was a nice combination of the two - very cabaret. I thought the skits were hilarious and thank goodness that the audience members they pulled into their show didn't clam up - I felt kind of bad for them, but they were good sports.. . I still don't know if the host was a man in drag or a woman with a deep voice. Another yelper said s/he reminded him of Frankenfurter. It's sort of true, but I think the host was not really that over-the-top, at least for our show. I thought that the sultry voice was appropriate. I was reminded of rocky-horror at times, but this isn't REALLY a musical, in that, there are really only two singers. And a live band (that alone was amazing!). The acrobats are BUILT.. . There were a lot of acrobatics, and a lot of crazy things going on. There were beautiful and great stunts, and then there were modern almost stripper-esque stunts that were fun. Some of the more blatant things made me squirm a little, but that was to be expected for me. It was as "tasteful" (as the show self-describes itself) as a show with almost completely naked people can get, which was OK with me. I frequently found myself gasping and wow-ing at certain stunts. However, there were some things I could have done without, like the weird bondage thing going on - it was a REALLY long scene (?) and I didn't get it, or the actress didn't put enough energy into it for it to be interesting.. . This is a completely different genre of cirque du soleil. I thought it was appropriate because it's an "adult" show in Vegas.. . I really want to see Ka, O, Mystere, and Love. But my poor wallet says maybe next year.
This is the third Cirque show that I have been to. It is way different than the others. The show was very risque. If you go, be prepared for nudity, adult language and heavy sexual content. The show covers all sexual orientations and several fetishes. So if you have a hard time with that, I wouldn't recommend that you go. We made the mistake of sitting in the third row but luckily, we were safe and did not get picked for a bit. Don't know how we would of handled that. The acrobatics were incredible and it was a beautifully staged show.
Definitely not your standard Cirque du Soleil show though it still has some amazing stunts. The show is very sexual, so if your uncomfortable about that, this would not be the show for you. Also there is quite a bit of audience participation, but if your sitting in the balcony you won't get called on.. . Great show still, i'd see it again.
I've seen this show at least 3X and it has definitely evolved since it opened in 2003.  I was fortunate to attend the premiere and the biggest difference is the amount of comedy they've added to the show over the years.  . . It used to be more serious about the sexual/sensual part of it. Anyone remember the 2 guys and the cages act they used to have?  But I honestly laughed out loud more at last week's show than at some of the comedy shows in town.  . . This is my 2nd favorite Cirque show with "O" being #1.
Extremely sensual and sexy, but I found some of the intermediate filler acts a little awkward.  The 3 acts that stood out are hoops girl, midget jacked dude flying around, and sexy twins water dance. I think I saw a few people leave because they were offended, but if you lighten up and have a few drinks, it'll be hilarious.
Starts off with 5 stars for the sexy Latino dude with the mohawk riding that motorcycle. Ride Ride Ride.. Rawr!. . Hahah ok... now to calm down.... . . I know someone who wanted to see this show. He said the only Cirque show that interested him was this one bc you had to be over 18 to see it. Freak!! Oh wait..... . I thought it was an interesting show to watch. I read a review in a travel guide that this show was trying too hard. Was it? In a way, yes, and that's where a star is lost. . . The skits were very interesting. Much more tempting than the Chippendale show, but maybe bc there was so much focus on the interaction and not so much focus on the meat market. Haha. . . I liked the skit with the ladies swimming in the giant wine glass and the ones with two lovers. The midget one was um... interesting. Lolz. . . One skit reminded me of hentai with some chick flipping around acrobatic style to sounds of moaning. Really? So sad... someone get her a partner! . . The other odd skit was a humorous one with some southern lady using beer in a bag for implants. Wth? Hahaha. . . But in the end, the show does get in your head. And you might want to have the sexy time afterwards.
This was our first Cirque du Soleil show. It was great! Entertaining throughout the entire show. 2 for $99 ticket special was definitely worth it!
Fun and flirty, this Cirque show has evolved quite a bit over the years.  I got a package deal from New York, New York, that included two tickets, a fifty dollar dinner credit, two drinks from the Cirque Lounge,and a souvenir program.  The program is an art work in itself, and commmemorates this funny frolic.   Great seats in the front balcony.. The acrobatic dance is sensual and mysterious and the champagne glass bath is classic.  Raunchy jokes and visual puns keep up the humor, and the show delivers that certain Cirque allure.
We walked passed the 1/2 price ticket outlet & thought why not- we got 2 front row tickets for the price of 1....loved the show! My husband & I laughed to the point of tears at times....a word of caution if you do not want to be part of the show sit at least 3 rows back.  Great,show full of naughty Vegas fun.  We would go again...but I do not need the front row experiance...I mean embassasment again...lol
Great sexy show!!! Gonna go see it again!!!
Awesome!
Okay.. after my boyfriend and I went back and forth for 2 hours deciding if we want to see Zumanity or Ka [I wanted Zumanity, he was feeling iffy about it], we finally decided [I got my way] to see Zumanity!! Yay!. . It was my first Cirque show ever and I was like a little kid going to Disneyland. I heard that if you get there early, you can take photos outside the theatre with the performers. [Unfortunately, we overslept during our nap] so we missed that part. But when we arrived, there are photographers that take your photo [$44 a piece, but they usually give you a $5 coupon].. Anyways! The drinks at the bar are themed and very funny [Blue Balls, anyone?] The prices were normal Vegas prices and drinks were yummy.. . Before the show even started, the performers walk around the theatre engaging with the audience, sitting on laps, feeding strawberries to guests, etc. Very entertaining! My favorite was the Southern blonde woman and her husband. Also, I loved the 2 chubby ladies! They were hysterical! . . The whole show was amazing, especially the girl who does the hula hooping and the two women in the glass swimming around. . . Only one scene had me kind of bored [Woman doing the bondage skit, moaning and groaning around]. . Definitely recommend this show to anyone with an open mind because it is a little sexual, but mostly in a comedic way!  [For example, Antonio loses his pompom ball that was covering his "parts" and runs through the audience with his "thing" flapping all over the place!!!]
This show opens with hilarious overweight twins in nude suits hitting on audience members! I came here with 3 really good friends on a girls-only trip to Vegas, and Zumanity was one of the first on our list. We had seats in the third row, and I had a great time.. . The dancing in a lot of the scenes was sensual, beautiful and graceful. The Zumanity cast was chock full of energy!. . The water bowl dancing was so seamless and in-sync, that I held my breath throughout a good majority of it for fear that I would disrupt them! I don't think I blinked.. . I was too distracted by the dancing and hilarity of the performer-to-audience interaction that I wasn't even following the concept of their skits or whether it even made sense. It was definitely a playground of opportunity for "that's what she said." A lot of sex, a lot of birthday suits, a lot of cross-dressing for sure. It was all very interesting and is definitely not your every day, run-of-the-mill show.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!! Antonio was great! I laughed and laughed..The overweight twins we freaking hillarious! The audience members they brought on stage were troopers!
IF you are a bunch of geeky looking IT dudes who probably haven't gotten any in awhile or you're a couple of overly sheltered little girls from some BFE (Butt Fuckin Egypt in case you didn't know) town, please refrain from attending Zumanity until you think you can act like a grown up.  Your hyena cackles and extremely obviously nervous giggles distract from something I'M TRYING TO ENJOY.  Let's be real.  Sex, sexuality in this country is so ass backwards that a lot people in this country are uncomfortable with anything related to sex.  Which is the only reason why I put up with the sexually repressed.. . Now, to the rest of you adults.  If you like erotica, sensuality, avant garde, tasteful nudity, campy humor and fun, you will love Zumanity.  Already knew this would have less acrobatics than the normal Cirque show as it involves erotica which is about slower movements.. . The host was super funny as well as other folks who were part of the comedic acts.  They were all very engaging of the audience members.  And thankfully we had some super cool audience members who played their parts well.. . My only complaint (which is about a lot of Vegas shows because they're trying to WOW you) is that too many acts/actions going on stage and my eyes couldn't keep up.  Neither could my head.  You want to focus on the main act but the little things going on the sides can detract.  Goat man was cool for his 2 main performances but the rest was distraction overkill.. . BTW, I just went and bought myself a couple of hula hoops because of Zumanity.  Ya'll who's seen the act will get what I mean :).. . 03/04/12**mini rant**  Everyone's entitled to their own opinions but while reading through the low stars (too much time on my hands this day), sounds like some of you are looking for live soft porn, perfect 10 guys and girls with perfect huge tits (which isn't really technically possible for most women who are in that kind of great shape with very little body fat and having big tits to do some of these acts would just be in the way), seeing men kissing/interacting men as gross (uh...gay men exist ya know), the 2 large women should be invisible, etc.  Zumanity explores the desires of all people of shapes and sizes and sexual orientation with their acts which I give them MAD props for.
Zumanity the adult side of Cirque. I have seen this show three times and sat in three different sections. Helpful tip: If purchasing tickets, stay away from the lower orchestra as there are blocked views if too far back. Usually lower orchestra is considered premium seating at other venues, not in this case as is just below the low hanging balcony in which makes it difficult to view the arial acts going on up high.. . Great show for couples! Is a bit risque to take your mama or daddy to so stay clear of that, could make for some uncomfortable moments, common sense...just saying. . . I was expecting super sexy and erotic, is more mild than that. Did not give me that tingle and jump start I had been wanting or hoping for however was a fascinating show nonetheless. . . Creative, comedic and tastefully erotic...such a tease
I went with a group of girls to Vegas and we decided on Zumanity. It was hilarious and if I were to go back to Vegas, I'd watch it with my husband too. . . All the performers were talented and there is something for everyone. The choreography, singing, skits and costumes were amazing. As always, Cirque de Soleil delivers and I am still a huge fan of their shows.. . Everyone has different tastes and opinions, but these are my favorite shows in order:. 1.) O. 2.) Love. 3.) Zumanity
This show was really funny! . . The 2 girl act in a big glass was interesting, but I really like Edie, the MC, the two big sisters, and the funny couple with the french husband. It was just an entertaining show. . . Thecrowd interaction was awesome. A few people were brought on stage to participate and it was hilarious. One older lady was brought up and she was visiting from Maine, and her whole family was sitting in the audience - but she didn't care what she was doing!! That was funny!. . I wish there was more male things going on, besides the constant titties - I didn't mind it, but make it equal - some for guys, some for girls. The hoola hoop act was really good. It's hard to keep all of those hoola hoops spinning while you are spinning yourself and flying through the air! Give her props!. . It was a fun, couples type show to go to in Vegas. I took my in-laws to O, don't take them to this one!
This show was fantastic and fun! I am surprised that people got so offended seeing boobs.  Sorry but get over it.  Was this a classic cirque show..NO!  Was it filled with fantastic acrobats, contortionists, aerialists that were amazing performers and beautiful to watch...YES!. . I went to Zummanity not knowing what to expect other then an adult theme, which it had.  I loved the clowns in the beginning and the people pulled on stage were hilarious.  I am not a prude by any means, but I didn't think the show crossed the line at all.. . The acts were sexually themed, but who cares.  I wasn't watching naked people on stage have sex.  I was watching very talented people perform.  The two girls in the fishbowl were incredible contortionists.  So graceful and beautiful.. . Overall I highly recommend this show, I liked it better then some of the others on the strip.  If your prudish then stay away.  Makes for a great date night.
Cirque du Soleil's first foray into the adult themed show which has paved way for their newest at the Caesar's Palace. The show is raunchy, in your face, and should be taken with a grain of salt. I have heard people announce their shock and dismay after the show, but please do your research or at least ask the ticketing agent what the theme of the show is going to be before purchasing. I would not suggest taking your grandmother to a show like this, but it was a fun show to see with friends around your age. Preferably friends that you don't mind seeing scantily clad men and women parading around on stage with. I did not think that the production was going for gratuitous erotica, but instead found it more of a broad view on human sexuality. When I went, I went with a friend that leans more towards the conservative side. Watching her squirm was like having a show within a show.
I've seen this show twice.  Experience No. 1 - My boss took me - AWKWARD! Experience No. 2 - Close friend and coworker. Also awkwards, but a fun evening. All the seats are good and I LOVE the fact that you can bring beverages in with you.
Zumanity is a very interesting show I must say. I went in expecting nothing but boobies and I got more views of boobies then one can ask for in one night. . . I got discounted tickets, summer promo, $100 for 2 tickets. We watched the 10 pm showing on a Friday, and it was a full house in a small theater space. There was a total of 4 us, me my bf, and 2 of our friends.. . Upon arrival, we were escorted to our seats by a lady who wore a very interesting dress. We were about 15 minutes early to our showing, and they had a little pre show going on.. . This show is very entertaining, a lot of topless ladies walking around casually. What caught me off guard was that it was a show that was interactive with the audiences. I was so afraid that they would come up to me and pick me to go on stage and do something. It was very funny watching them harass and molest other viewers. . . My favorite part of the show, was then they had 2 ladies, swimming / dancing / I don't know what they were doing in the huge glass cup. Watching them dive right into the water and slide right out so careless and flawlessly that it amazed me! More then a few times, when they dive back in, I would hope my breath hoping that they wouldn't run into each other. . Too bad I wasn't allowed to take pictures during the show, if not, I would have taken some to post.. . One creepy thing that catch my attention like a million times over is that one guy who runs around on stage and within the aisle of seats like an animal. He sends out scary vibes. :( . . Downer is that this show is so entertaining I wished it would have been longer. And this show is strictly all about sex sex sex! I was hoping that there would be some sort of story line. . . For sure, I will watch this show again, but maybe after I watch all the other Cirque du Soleil.
Fun night out... The "cirque" part was underplayed...Dancers were dancers more than acrobats...But as a classy burlesque show with some really fun audience participation and comedy, the night was a true success!
I have seen many Cirque shows over the years so I know what to expect from them. This one was totally out of left field and is billed as the Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil. Boy, oh boy, more like the KINKY side for sure! . . Sex!. Nudity!. Wild Dancing!. Sexy performers!. Crazy acrobatics!. Comedy!. Strap-ons!. . Toto - we're definitely not in Kansas anymore!. . If you are a bit of a prude and can't handle watching this type of subject matter surrounded by an audience do not see it. If you prefer the standard type of Cirque show do not see it. If you can't handle large women dressed in leather and fishnets feeding you strawberries at your seat do not go see it. If you like risque adventures and have an open mind then go see it by all means.. . Lots of skits all featuring sexy performers. The performers many times come into the audience to interact, and even drag a few onto the stage. If you are sitting in one of the special love seats along the stage be prepared as you might become a target for the performers. As with all their shows the music and singing is top notch.. . Do not, I repeat, do not bring your parents or family members to see this. Go with your wife, husband, boyfriend, girlfriend, partner, or sex buddy. Be prepared to enjoy an adventure of the human body and all aspects of sexuality that accompanies it. . . Also, the chick performing with the hoops in the air is smoking hot!
BOW-CHICA-WOW-WOW. . I'm not going to go though a play by play, but the show was very entertaining and it has a little bit of something for just about everybody, whether you might be straight, gay, or other. It was also really pretty funny.. . I have to admit though, in terms of just pure sexiness, i have to say that this isn't the sexiest cirque that i've seen. Yeah, the chicks are naked, but i guess that leaving something to the imagination is sexier to me.
Great show! They keep the action coming. My eyes zoomed from one corner of the stage, to the other, even to the rafters, they were everywhere! Lots of crowd interaction so if you don't want to be selected do not sit too close.. . Tons of entertainment. My favorite scene of this show is the the huge martini glass filled with water. There are two ladies who do some extreme acrobatic routines in the glass. That in itself is worth the ticket price. . . Very professional. Crossed multiple cultural boundaries and stuck true to the title. I will see another play by Cirque du Soleil.
This was a great show!  If you have ever seen a live performance of the Rocky Horror Picture Show, then you will more or less know what to expect here.. . The performers were great, the orchestra was fantastic, and the opening was quite amusing!  Hell, they even worked a flying midget into the show!. . The only reason I gave four stars instead of five was because there just wasn't as much acrobatics as I would have expected for a cirque show.  However, as a stage show it was pretty fabulous.. . My favorite part of the show was the fish bowl, where two scantily clad beauties were swimming together in a large martini glass.  It was beautifully done, and sexy as hell!. . Pretty much the whole show was sexy, and definitely a show for couples.  Just know going in that it's more sex and less cirque, and you will definitely enjoy your evening!
This is my second Cirque show and I absolutely loved it! Entertaining from start to finish, this is a great show to see in Vegas!. . This one was HILARIOUS - I mean I laughed 99% of the time. They did lack slightly on the  actual performances (meaning I could spot some mistakes, one asphyxiation scene was down-right awkward, and they didn't have the big-air capacity that the last show I saw had). Other than a few complaints the show was beautiful, sexy, and funny and I highly recommend it as long as you aren't with anyone you would feel weird watching 9 1/2 weeks with...
I've seen this show twice, once with my husband and once with my mom (and yes that was awkward). I really enjoyed this show because it is so funny! It still has the shock and awe of Cirque acrobatics, but it has a lot more humor (and sex!) than other similar shows.. . I also love all of the audience participation. The actors pull people out of the crowd and shamelessly embarrass them.  It's pretty great! . . You do have to have an open mind when you see this show, though.  It's pretty graphic and there are some...shall we say...alternative acts in there. One of the funnest shows on the Strip.
HUBBA HUBBA! . . Sexy, hilarious, jaw-dropping, raunchy. I always love the audience participation Cirque has. . . I think Zumanity is one of those shows that you'll either love or not think much of. There is no story line, just dirty humor, seductive acts, and always, acrobatics that make you squeemish or astonished or amazed throughout the entire show. I loved it. :)
Thought this show was great. There was way more interaction with the audience than other Cirque shows I had seen. Very funny. There was talking & dialouge where that doesn't happen in shows like Mystere or Ka.. . Found it highly entertaining and we had lower bowl seats that were amazing!! It's not quite as raunchy as one might think.
Bow chicka bow wow..cirque style.... . This show is probably not for you if you are too modest, conservative, or close minded to have some fun!  Great to watch with your friends or lova, totally would not watch this with the parents or grandparents, unless you are down like that.   It's entertaining and just another twist to the usual cirque du soleil.  . . Basically, the acrobatic bendy stuff that cirque usually has, but with naked or half naked performers and sexy intertwined into it.  I think the caliber of acrobatics may not be as amazing as the other cirque shows, but everything else it has that's different makes up for it.  Funny, I don't even remember the music.  Guess that's how entertained I was visually haha    It's not like you'll be watching live porn or anything, but it does get a lil racy and raunchy. But it's all in good fun,  so just go see it for yourself!. . In the beginning, if you are sitting near the front, you may be chosen to go on stage or the performers may pick on you ;-) So more interaction here then other cirque shows.   . . Nice decor in the theater.  It's not really small and intimate, but it's not large where the performers look like ants.  Didn't seem like there was a bad seat in the house, though it's not circular which would have been better. . . *On another note, they had the most amazing truffle oil popcorn at the concession!!  I kept eating it wondering what was in it till I asked the staff and they said truffle oil.  Sure I paid an arm and a leg of course but it was sooo good and I wanted more.  Another incentive to go back to the show haha
Very entertaining and lots of fun. There is more to this show than sensuality/sex appeal - the acrobats were oozing with talent and performed to perfection. . . Don't sit in the upper balcony if you want a good view.
very fun and enjoyable show..it was my first and only show that i have been to tho. lots and lots of laughs to this show. it is not for people that get upset about cussing and nipples flaying around. very nice venue. only gets 4 stars cause i felt that they should have had waitress bring drinks around. buy the better seats they are well worth it.
I've seen quite a few Cirque du Soleil shows in my lifetime, and this one is very good. It's very different from the "classic" Cirque shows. There's more interaction with the audience, more dialogue, most of the show was in English (two songs were sung in the Cirque language) and it's definitely very risque. . I agree with the other reviewers that this show is more of a burlesque show than a classic Cirque show. There is one contortionist act, which was my favorite - very sexy and clever with a unique backdrop (I won't spoil the surprise). More dancing is done instead of acrobatics. That being said, each dance is still unique and beautiful, with gorgeous dancers doing a fantastic job. . Come with an open mind and a sense of humor. You will have a wonderful time. And yes, you will see boobies.
I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice (and saw LOVE 3 times), so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Mystere has the best stunts and is most "traditional". Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info.... . You need to have the proper expectations when you go see this. Don't expect a strip club or Crazy Horse style experience, and don't expect the great quality of stunts you'd find at some of the other cirques. It falls somewhere in between. BUT it's a good show. It's sensual and humorous and a fun time. Make sure to get there early to watch the pre-theater interaction with audience members. . . All the seats are good, so no need to pay extra. I've sat at the top and still was able to see well. The fishbowl scene was a highlight as well as the tub scene and the contortionists.
The first show I've ever seen in Vegas!  . . First, I think if you're going to watch a sex show, you should come with an open mind and light mood.  I've seen Cirque shows before and already knew there would be interactions with the audience.  If you've got seats in the front, particularly the couches, you will get selected to participate in dirty acts! (Slapping bums, getting motor boated, eating bananas, going up on stage, "sword fighting," etc). . The show had a nice flow, going from sexy acrobatics to funny sketches in consistent intervals.  The fishbowl scene was really amazing!  Aside from the hotness of two topless girls in water, the acrobatics were very impressive and skilled.  . . My favorite aspect of the show was the lead singer, who had one hell of a voice!  Although most of her singing was in gibberish (whooaaa, aaahhh, eeee), it was mesmerizing and set the mood for every performance.  Also when they brought an older lady on stage to join the sex circle.  She was completely open to having a good time and ended up on top of one of the comedians.  Upon interviewing her, she was at the show with her husband of 40 some years and her kids!  The entire theater roared, along with her family.  Good sport! . . I'll admit, there were some moments where I felt a little uncomfortable.  This one beast character ran around the theater on all fours growling and huffing.  Kinda freaked me out.  Another moment when they had dancers sit on the edge of the stage, make eye contact with an audience member, and then mess with them.  One girl made eye contact with me and started doing weird things with her tongue and face, which also kind of freaked me out.  But hey, good times.. . The concession stand sells popcorn, beers, cocktails, hard liquor, and jello shots!  I'd recommend drinking a little before the show to lighten your mood.   . . Thoroughly entertained.  I would recommend!
Zumanity is one of the best shows on the strip that are geared toward adult couples. . Yes, there is some racy, 'perverted' humor. It's an adult show, with a minimum age requirement. Know what you are getting into! Yes, there are other Cirque du Soleil shows that most people would agree are better, overall, then Zumanity. And there are some that are far, FAR worse. . . If you keep in mind what the show is trying to do, you can really enjoy it. Having a great date helps too!! ;). . My husband and I recently attended a 10 pm Zumanity show on a Saturday night for a second time with another couple. Our seats were in the second to last row but we got a great deal on them and we still had a fantastic view of the stage. Even though we had seen the show before years prior, it had been changed up a bit so it was still entertaining. . . (TIP: Do NOT pay full price for this show, or any Strip show if you can help it. Ask about local specials if you live in Nevada and military discounts if you serve our country!!). . If you are looking for the acrobatics that Cirque du Soleil shows are famous for, don't come to Zumanity. . If you are too high class for dildo jokes, don't come to Zumanity. . If you only want to see fake breasts, don't come to Zumanity.. . If those three do not apply to you, and you have a sexy date night lined up while you are in Vegas, Zumanity will likely be a great way for you to steam up your night!
We decided to watch this show last minute, we had a little gambling money and we said why not? We really didnt know what to expect since it was unexpected. The host is Hilarious and so were most of the cast members. There was topless women which my husband enjoyed and very hot men, too bad though that the hot men started making out at one point :( The show was very funny and entertaining. I would only watch it once but I do recommend it.
This was our first Cirque show. We went last Saturday night since our Celine Dion concert for the night was cancelled. We heard it was a little edgy, racy, and interesting, so the wife and I decided to check it out. I saw the warnings about sitting in the front, but because we got discount tickets at one of the booths on the strip, that was what we got and there was no choice. We didn't get picked on though. The show was interesting. There were exposed natural(vice fake) breasts, some making out and sexual simulations, dancing, acrobatics, comedy/jokes/humor and the like. You're not looking at porn, nor is it like being in a strip club. It is just a very different type of show, and we did enjoy it. I'm not really sure how to describe it. My guess is that it aims to set a "mood" for whatever you want to do later(which anything you chose and are in to is ok according to the MC). There was also some interaction between the performers and the audience, which we were happy NOT to be a part of. We saw Absinthe the night before(review posting soon), and though people compare the 2 of them, the wife and I agree they are quite different. Definitely a date night option if both parties are open minded and up for something different. Not so sure this is good for a group of guys or girls. Hopefully this review helps, though I'm confusing myself as I write it.
This is not your typical Cirque show.  Much more entertainment value with less acrobatics.  If you are comfortable with raunchiness then this is a very good show. (I would highly suggest for couples.) If you are uncomfortable with that sort of stuff, I don't think this is the show for you.
So, as they advertise it's a more adult oriented Cirque du Soleil show.  It's not that bad, they make a lot of sex jokes, mess around with the audience and there is some topless women, but nothing that extreme and you are in Las Vegas.. . Anyway, the show as every Cirque show I've been to is amazing, with the acrobatics and the great mix of story and performance.  Probably the most unique element of this particular show that I haven't seen in others is the two girls swimming in the giant martini glass.  Over all the show is very sensual and fun.. . Anyway, the show as every Cirque show I've been to is amazing, with the acrobatics and the great mix of story and performance.  Probably the most unique element of this particular show that I haven't seen in others is the two girls swimming in the giant martini glass.  Very sensual and fun.
I would say that this is a cute show. I know it's supposed to be naughty and risque. I found it more cute, despite the naked boobies. :) The performers did a really good job getting the audience in on the act, and those were actually my favorite parts. Some of the acts were slower than others. I am not really a fan of pure acrobatics. I know the performers are strong and very talented, but I just get a little bored.  But the costumes are gorgeous. I thought the drag queen emcee was really sweet and funny although I'd prefer a little more channeling of Alan Cumming in Cabaret. :) Overall, it kept my attention. It wasn't as good as Love, but better than Absinthe.
I saw this show a few years ago and I loved!  It was an amazing balance between artistry, sexuality, flirtation, athleticism, fantasy, and overall entertainment.  I've recommended this show to many of my friends and they've all loved it as well.  I recommend this show for any couple or group of friends that want to experience an adult themed show on the strip that isn't a showgirl or burlesque show
Let me just get this out of the way: I fuckin' HATE Cirque du Soleil. I find their played-out shtick to be overly whimsical and pretentious, and how many times can you watch an aerialist twirling around on a silk rope before you start to yawn??? All those amazing acrobatics become mind-numbingly boring after the 100th time you've seen them...which is a shame, because it really is amazing stuff. It's just SOOOO PLAYED OUT!. . Having said that, I totally dig Zumanity! It's supposed to be the "sexxxy" side of Cirque...but I prefer to just pretend it isn't a Cirque show at all. Easier to enjoy that way, ya know?!  And besides, you wouldn't even really know it was a Cirque show anyway -- no weird feathered birdlike creatures, no stupid World-Fusion-Opera music, no retarded conceptual storylines about Life and Love.. . It's mostly just mildly titillating numbers about sex, in all its forms. Gay, straight, kinky, solo...they cover it all. It's all pretty tongue-in-cheek, and very over-the-top, but I still found it amusing and interesting. The costumes are totally bad-ass, and there is some amazing dancing and prancing to watch. Plus there are quite a few parts that are genuinely funny. (SEE?? I **TOLD** you it wasn't like the other Cirque shows!!). . It's not really dirty. If you're offended or made uncomfortable by this lightweight shit, you need to loosen up & get a LIFE!
This was the 4th cirque show I've seen, the others being Alegria, Corteo, and Kooza. This Cirque show was obviously quite different from the other three, because the focus is less on acrobatics, and more on artistic presentation and the expression of human sexuality. That is not to say that the show was devoid of acrobatics, amazing flexibility and jaw-dropping stunts. All of that was still present, but decidedly toned down in order to up the humor, audience interaction, and sensuality.. . The show is hosted by Edie, a witty and attention-commanding drag queen who really connects with the audience. She made an excellent mistress for the evening, and was in no short supply of wisecracks and double entendres. Acrobatics included hoop tricks, strength displays, rope and silk climbing and soaring, contortionists, and dancing. The costumes were also great, and matched with the side of human sexuality they were trying to express. . . The only thing that detracted from the show were the constant giggles and gasps and judegmental "oh my god"'s that could be heard from neighboring seats. If you're squeamish and shy and immature, this is probably not the show for you! It's about sex. All kinds of sex. Straight, gay, and otherwise. If you turn red at the sight of a perfume advertisement, or blush at words like "erotic" and "horny" or harbor some homophobic tendencies, this show may not be for you. . . Overall the show was visually appealing, entertaining, humorous and impressive. If you have the chance to catch this show (and you're not shy about sex and sensuality) definitely get some tickets.
Do not take your kids here. Its not that type of Cirque show. The dialogue is raunchy borderline profane but with a humorous twist that is un-Cirque-like. . . This was a spur of the moment show me and my girl went to after Gallagher's Steakhouse. I knew it was a mature show, but I didn't know how far they will take it. until the opening comedic act.. . There is plenty of topless nudity even some parts full. Without spoiling the plot (was there one?) lets just say that if your expecting to be taken to a mystical land like Ka or Mystere....you won't =P Its just plain adult humor and fun.
Sexy, Funny, Athletic, Sensual, are the words I would use to describe Zumanity.. . The theatre is decorated in a velvet, dim lit, goth kind of way which was great. This is an adult themed show. It involves topless women, and crude sexual humour. The show itself is very entertaining from start to finish. The cast members are pretty much sexy gymnists. The acrobatic stunts they perform are not the most daring, but still spectacular on the eye.. . Im pretty sure that there are those conservative people that would find this show completely offensive given its graphic sexual nature. There is both gay and straight content. So if you are immature about that type of situation, this is not for you. But if you are open minded, and are looking for a fun, funny and sexual show, you must see Zumanity. . . Oh and if you have stage fright, do not sit in the front row. There is a good chance you will be on stage being fondled by one of the cast members. Or they might approach you, put you on the mic, and ask you all types of private and embarrassing questions, which was funny to witness.. . There is a bar inside the theatre, so no need to worry if you forget to grab a drink prior to entering.. . My only complaint is that the theatre seating is pretty cramped and tight. You really do not have any elbow room.. . Other than that small gripe, my wife and I loved the show and would definitely recommend this show to everyone. Besides kids of course.
Went to the Sun 9/30 10pm show, Zumanity (New York New York) is very entertaining, very sexy, great performances, balcony seats don't have the best view, bought my tix through a discount service on the strip last minute. I recommend spending the extra cash on floor seating if available. There are bars inside and outside the theatre for your drinking pleasure. My one neative to speak of would be that at times the music is so soothing you may want to take a snooze.
we decided to see the show on the spur of the moment, and snagged discounted tickets at the "Half Off" ticket booth (hint: get to the booth early, as the line mover very sloooowwwwly). . . We elected to sit on the balcony, 4th row, and I'm glad we did. The stage itself is like a tear drop, and about 5 feet high - so sitting in the first few rows does not necessarily afford you a full view and appreciation of the performance. But it will put you in the front lines of being picked on, questioned, or actually pulled into the show. So, you decide. . . Overall, it was fun, enjoyable, amazing to see what human bodies are capable of - the show is erotic, but primarily in a sensual kind of way: there are some raunchy jokes and insinuations, but again, this is for adults, so if something like this bothersyou, skip this venue. Otherwise, be prepared for songs, dance, swimmers, flying acrobats, romance, raunchy humor, drag queens, "little" people, and a lot of skin. . . Get to the theater early: you can take pictures with some members of the cast: and they are all a FINE human specimen, oozing sex appeal.
An enjoyable show with fantastic acrobatics and adult-themed humor.
Zumanity is fun, cleaver, a little raunchy, and a lot of fun. It's pure Vegas and the audience on the night we were there had a great time.....I have seen other Cirque shows, Love {awesome}, O {good}, Mystere {great} and Zumanity while not my favorite was made fun by the naughtyness and audience participation.
I had a friend visiting from the east coast that wanted to see a Cirque du Soleil show.  Opting for the local deal, we decided on Zumanity on a Monday night.  I did not do my research on the show so wasn't sure what to expect, except some nudity warned by the ticket lady.  I loved the view of walking in and seeing the performers standing at the entrance.  We headed straight for the bar, then were escorted in to the front row.  Still not sure how we managed that but I'll never turn down a good seat.  Our view was decent and we were very involved in the show.  . . This is definitely a show that all inhibitions should be left at the door.  I'll be the first to admit that I enjoy a good raunchy show, which this definitely is!!  I don't get embarrassed easily but I had a few blushing moments.  The cast interacted with us, talking directly to us and the occasional knee touching which we didn't mind.  . . I have to agree with other reviews, that the show lacked complicated acrobatics and stunts.  The show was filled with boobs, butts, erotic moves, sex toys, drag and lots of laughs.  We did notice a few people walking out.  This is a fun show that isn't' meant for the easily embarrassed, prude or close minded.  Like other Cirque du Soleil shows, I will return to this show again....at the local deals rate. If Zumanity were to add in more acrobatics and stunts, they would have received 5 stars from me.  Doesn't quite compare to other Cirque du Soleil shows, but definitely one to enjoy for a fun night out!!
I saw Zumanity a little over a year ago when I was in Vegas for my 21st birthday. This was the first Cirque show that I have ever seen and I was blown away. This show was sexy and fun. The actors are also extremely talented. The acrobats were my favorite. If you're in Vegas and want to see a talent filled show then definitely go see Zumanity. And be sure to get there about 30 minutes early. The interaction with the audience before the show is hilariously terrific!
This was so much fun. . . NOT A PLACE TO TAKE YOUR CONSERVATIVE ASIAN MAMA.. . I'm glad I didn't. This was so Rihanna-Rated-R, and SO MUCH FUN. I love their openness. I can see how a lot of narrow-minded people would not enjoy this because it certainly skirts the boundaries of sexy to lewd. . . There was definitely not one crude moment and my absolute favorite was the host, who I think is a man dressed as a woman.. . The main focus of this show was definitely 1) sensuality, then 2) humor then 3) acrobatics. There's not as much emphasis on contortion, gymnastics, etc as much as other Cirque du Soleil shows so if you're looking for that, then I suggest trying out the other shows.
I've been to many Vegas shows at this point (Blue Man Group, O, Penn & Teller, etc.) and Zumanity definitely ranks up there with the best of them.  However,I will say, it really didn't hold a candle to it's sister Cirque show O....O was amazing, Zumanity was very good.. . I was surprised at the smallness of the theater that it plays in, but I guess I was expecting something more the size of the Vegas shows I've been too. The theater was very nice, and because of it's size, the show had a very intimate quality about it. Many of the actors walked down and around and interacted with the audience. . . A word of caution: This is a VERY sexualized show unlike other Cirque shows. You MUST be 18 to even enter the theater, and I would definitely NOT RECOMMEND GOING WITH YOUR PARENTS or anyone else that you would be even mildly uncomfortable with.  It's not just that it's topless at times, because honestly, that is done very artsy and tastefully, but the show itself is centralized around  really erotic ideas. We're talking guys in underwear making out, guys in drag walking around with huge silver penises, anything you can think of. They bring members of the audience on stage and have the actors hump them. . . I could see how many people would be made very uncomfortable by the show if they were not expecting something so sexual. It didn't make me uncomfortable, but there were a lot of people who I could tell WERE. . . There were some really funny parts of the show, as well as some really beautiful parts, but all in all...their mantra is "Let's Talk About Sex, Baby" and talk about it they did!. . I would recommend O or Blue Man Group OVER this show as I enjoyed both of those better, but I definitely do not regret going to see it.
*blush*. Zumanity will get you comfortable, REAL comfortable with the human body. . . We got last minute tickets for Zumanity on a Sunday night. Checking the Cirque website online, we found a 30% off student deal (Shhh...we still keep our student IDs). Score! Got seating about 7th row back from the center of the stage. I don't think it matters where you sit, unless maybe you are on the balcony, because the stage is circular and you can see the performance pretty well from all directions.. . This show has a lot of interactive components. Actors will go into the audience, ask questions, talk, jiggle their boobs, etc. =P. There is a live band playing, stage singing, comedy and of course lots of acrobatics. The show was really entertaining and well acted. It is different from a lot of the Cirque show's I've seen, in the sense that this is more focused on comedy and sexuality, versus the really technical feats of acrobatics you'd see in KA and O. There are tons of R rated stuff going on, so be advised not to sit next to your parents while watching this! . . It was a very interesting show, and if you are looking for an acrobatic show with a twist, this is definitely it!
Another great Cirque show! This is definitely the funniest of the bunch. The host(ess) was AMAZING, but I had to spend 90% of the show trying to convince my boyfriend that she was definitely a he. I loved the audience participation and the unexpected artistic elements. This is definitely a rated R show and PERFECT for a bachelorette party or a group of friends with a sense of humor. The theater is very small so you can get a great view from any seat.
This is the most fun and engaging out of all Circus-themed shows I have seen (O, Mystere, Totem, Zarkana, Le Reve) The other shows have more Technical and Theatrical Props. Zumanity is more on fun, fetish and the human body.. . I used a NYNY Show Package for 190+ which includes 2 tickets on the balcony and a 1 Night stay. Not bad!. . MINUS 4 Stars. The lady at the Box Office was flippant and and i felt that when she spoke to me that I was beneath her! I got that vibe from her. I think she either didn't want to be there that night or she didn't like my face. I felt this because the other 2 box office ladies next to her were pleasant. I really wished I got them instead. I'm usually not an angry person (as evidenced by my reviews). Lady from Honduras.. you were just UGH angry. Yelpers, if you ever come across her.. if you can help it.. go to the next lady.. . Plus 4 Stars for Edie, "the Mistress of Sensuality". She was just fabulous.
Zumanity is a great show. My boyfriend and I enjoyed it very much!. . It's a very sexy show, so if you're not turned on while watching it then you're dead below the waist. . I loved the comedy bits as well, I almost fell out of my chair laughing!. . I definitely recommend this show if you're looking for something entertaining and raunchy!
Quick review:. . *Ushers who guide you to your seat....definitely NOT sexy! (despite see-through clothing). . *Do not be alarmed: there is no exposed ding-dong in this show.. . *Some of the songs were actually pretty good.. . *French guy's pink elevator shoes are hilarious.. . *Lady who does the "baggies" sketch didn't really have nice boobs, which I guess is the point of the "baggies."  To her credit, she was funny.. . *Siberian hoop lady is the second best act.. . *LESBIAN FISH BOWL: BEST ACT HANDS DOWN, ESPECIALLY THE UZBEK GIRL WHO DOES THE HANDSTAND INTO A DIVE!. . For what it's worth, although a lot of people hate on this show, I found it better than Ka.  Was fun going to the late show.  Kind of a weird show but maybe that's what made it fun.  Recommended.
Loved it! I went to the 7:30p show on Valentine's Day, and my guy and I were both super excited because 1. Zumanity sounds incredible and 2. it was my first Cirque experience. We were up in the balcony, which wasn't an issue at all. Every seat is a good seat in this beautiful theater! The performers were gorgeous and flawless - you could tell how much rehearsal goes into the show, from the music to the acrobatics to the costume design. We also loved the audience interaction, although I do wish the show was a liiiiittle bit more focused on the performers.. . Overall a great show that makes you truly appreciate the human body/your significant other ;) Shoutout to the Siberian hula hooper too...daaaaaayuuum.
Good show, Sexy, Funny and nice Theater. Love to see the sexy women, didn't care for the guy on guy kissing, but enjoyed everything else. I can't give it 5 stars because of the price. Too expensive for what you get. we paid $85 for Balcony, I think it's more a $50 dollar show. but it was Saturday night in Vegas so I expect to spend money. Every seat was good don't think is worth the money to be closer.
Know that ANY show that takes this much work and talent to put together is pretty darn a must see.  The opening with the 2 girls in the fish bowl is SO cool.  You stay on the edge of your seat in awe with the fall in trick.  . . There is a lot of audience interaction if you are sitting below.   The show itself with the combo of playful grinding toward the end will warm you up.  If you are a voyeur you will REALLY enjoy the show.  . . keep and open mind and grab a drink...or two or three and you will be entertained. . . ENJOY!
I loved the interactions they had  with the audience, it was hilarious. The theatre is pretty small, so you'd get a good view even if you buy cheap seats. Overall, this show is funny and sexual but if you are religious this show is not for you.
Seen twice. . Fun little show. 3 1/2-4 stars. I rounded up.. Not as risque as you would expect for vegas.. Remember, it's still a Cirque show.. Enjoy!
Definitely a fun show with interesting tricks, and of course, the girls that were completely topless. The only downside was that some of the adult jokes in this show were a little "over the top".... . There were also moments when multiple activities can be occurring all at the same time, therefore focus your eyes on something that you like ;). . Have fun at the show!
A great different spin on Cirque. They interact and make you feel awestruck! Worth the intimate date experience!
Cirque's Zumanity is a mix of fantastic feats, sensual suggestions and bawdy humor, with the actors interacting with the audience throughput the performance. A drag queen acts as MC and connects the acts which vary from acrobatic, aerial, dance and vaudeville. Some of the outstanding acts to me were, two lithe and supple young women swimming/dancing in an over-sized martini glass that was just beautifully orchestrated, a bathtub dance between an unbelievably buff couple and the aerial hoola-hoop act, and plenty of just beautiful bodies! The only thing I thought was a little weird was the auto-erotic aerial act, breaking the karma from sensual to slightly lewd.. . In-between, there is a vaudeville type couple that does very funny skits and pulls up unsuspecting patrons to do hilarious things.  ==SPOILER ALERT== Beware middle-aged ladies-- a roaming gigolo looks for victims for the "orgy" scene and one of them was me! "Antonio" kept coming by me, feeling my knee and putting my hands on his well-beefed abs which I gladly acquiesced. I see it was a rouse to determine how much I could take before he pulled me up on stage and humped me all in good fun. The audience was really supportive as I walked out with my beet red face, telling me the whole thing was hysterical and making me laugh. Great show!
Not only would I describe the show as tastefully erotic; it was humorous and interactive.
This was my first Cirque experience so I can't compare it to the other shows on the strip, but my significant other mentioned that there is less acrobatics but more entertainment from this show.  . We decided to come last minute, and was able to get tickets 20 minutes before the show.  We got the balcony seats, and after watching it I preferred getting the seats where I wouldn't be interacting with the cast.  If you sit in the front, you will most likely be picked on to do various embarrassing acts or get teased.  My favorite acts were the hula hoop aerial dancer and also one with a male and female dancer.  This show is definitely not for children, and I wouldn't want to go with my parents due to its graphic and sexual nature.  The show lasts for a little over 2 hours and was a good experience overall.
Raunchy, entertaining and amazing...  Not for the faint of heart or sexually shy.  From start to finish it was an all you can eat buffet of beautiful, scantily clad half naked women who had an amazing talent for making dance and acrobatics pure art.  I have had the pleasure of seeing most of the Cirque shows over the years and they have NEVER disappointed.  This was no different.  I would however caution bringing youth or children to this venue.  Unless you are a very unorthodox family it's simply not a family venue.  With that said, it is definitely a great opportunity for you and that special someone to have a naughty night out on the town to fuel the fire for an evening to follow.. . I know some are disappointed with the show when compared to other Cirque venues but I believe they simply miss the point.  It's not supposed to be like the others.  It's a different flavor to appeal to a different audience.  The witty banter, sexual innuendos and comical repartee made the experience a pure joy.
The only other Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen is O and I saw that when I was in my early teens.  I remember being blown away by the production value and stunning acrobatics. It was one of the most memorable impressions that a show has ever made on me. Then again I was a lot younger and easier to impress.. . Flash forward nearly a decade and I'm in Vegas with my bf who's never seen a Cirque du Soleil show and decides that we're going to go to one on a whim. He asked the concierge at the lobby if there were any tickets available. The only ones left were for Zumanity. We were warned about the "risque" nature of the show and yada yada. I was just excited to see Cirque again.. . There is a little less production value in Zumanity compared to O but I was still highly engaged for most of the show. The theater was very small which I loved. The show pulls quite a bit from audience participation and so being in a smaller, more intimate theater makes you really feel like you are part of the show even if you're not being pulled up on stage.. . The host of the show was fabulous and some of the acrobatics left just as much a memorable impression on 22-year old me as O did on 13-year old me. Without giving it all away the act with the hoola hoops,  the girl suspended in air working the straps to erotic noises as she (brace yourself for my upcoming pun here) O's, and one of the last scenes with the bath tub really hit the mark for me especially in celebrating the sensual and sexual themes that Zumanity tries to embrace.. . The only parts I didn't enjoy and think the show could use more work on is the "comic relief" bits that serve as the transitions between the acts. Like there's one scene where the woman is showing you how to make fake breasts out of scotch and zip lock baggies that I just did not care for. . . It's not going to be much fun if you're going into with a super uptight manner and attitude . Let loose and go with it. Let Zumanity take you into their strange world. I think the show is much more enjoyable that way. Not going to lie, I expected a little more than what I got, but I am still a fan nonetheless.
A load of fun.. . The Marquis de Sade would nod in approval!. . Fave part of all:2 Chinese petites (or was it 3?) in the big fish bowl.. . Never gets ridiculously raunchy, which I appreciated. Nabbed 2nd row seats. And YEESS, that darned spotlight did pan over us. Thank goodness didnt get picked on. Would have curled up and died.. . So entertaining. Thumbs up!
What a great way for my bride and I (of 21 years) to affirm our lust for each other. From the moment we arrived we were treated with the highest level of hospitality, yet we were also scared out of our wits at thought of being called upon to "participate" in the show - which became a fact at the end of the performance.. Expensive? Yes. But we had a superlative experience caused by a very accommodating staff, erotic performance and engaging performers.
This show was even better than we expected. The theater is small enough to be intimate and hardly a bad seat. . The comedy between the acrobats was a nice touch to appeal to most audiences.. The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars was the comfort of the seats. They were smaller than most so you felt crowded
I was a little weary when my wife told me we were going to Zumanity. She scored us amazing seats in the front row and we became part of the show which was exciting. The concept of the show is amazing and sensual and We thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment. We look forward to seeing another CDS show next time we are in town!
A fun, risque, sensual, sexy side of Cirque du Soleil and it was incredible.  I didn't know what to expect going into this but it was very enjoyable and I liked experiencing it with my husband.  Be prepared that this is an extremely intimate sexual show that's not for the faint of heart and that nudity is present... a lot. The costumes were beautiful, the acrobats were amazing, the acts were incredible and they interact with the audience a lot.  A true must see!
I honestly don't like Cirque shows. I think they have a ton of the same acts. But this show actually impressed me. I've heard many people say how this show is more adult with nudity, crude humor, and sex but I thought the dancers did it very tastefully and it wasn't too much. I sat on the balcony because I got the free tickets for booking a two night stay with mgm but I think the stage is setup that some of the stuff done in the front of the stage is hard to see. Just keep that in mind if you're going to sit on the balcony.. . I really like the humor that they put into this. It made the in-between acts so much more entertaining than some of the other Cirque's shows with the clowns.
Very sensual
Very different from the other Cirque du Soleil performances in vegas, if you present your Mlife card you can get a good discount on your tickets. We managed to score some really good balcony seats and the view from our seats was fantastic. This show is in a theater and not a large auditorium like the O or mystere, so seats are limited. There no real WOW factor about this show, maybe because the acrobatics is not as grandiose as the O or mystere, but it more than makes up for it in comedy and other R rated acts. I really enjoyed the music and the show, and left with a really warm feeling. The show does make you feel good :) and perfect to watch before a romantic dinner.
It wasn't originally part of the week's plan to go see a show, but Carol W and I decided to check out Zumanity since we'd both hadn't seen it and we'd gotten a pair of "free" tickets via the myVegas game on Facebook.  Anytime I can see a Vegas show, especially a Cirque show, without paying a couple of Benjamins on a pair of tickets for good seats, I count that as a no-brainer.  Of note, there we're several deals going on offering deeply discounted seats for this show and there were plenty of good seats seemingly available during the week on the day of show.  Of course, based on the layout of the Zumanity Theater, there didn't seem to be a truly bad seat in the house. . . Zumanity touts itself as the "sensual side of Cirque de Soleil".  It's definitely not like any of the other Cirque offerings in Vegas.  It's also definitely not family friendly.  However, it's highly likely that it'll offend religious conservative adults of most faiths, which should make finding tickets that much easier for those not so easily offended by dirty jokes and nudity.  Obviously, we had no problems with adult humor and partially clad men and women walking, writhing, jumping, swimming and flying up on/above/around the stage.  The show was fun, funny, interactive, and frequently jaw dropping with some of its amazing stunts.  The silk aerialists were my personal favorites.  Most importantly, it was entertaining and would've been worth it if we had to pay full price. . . My thought as I was walking out of the theater was that Absinthe at Caesars owes a lot to Zumanity with its raunchy adult humor and amazing feats.  That said, Absinthe has improved on the Zumanity formula and, in my opinion, is the more entertaining and enjoyable show largely due to the more intimate venue, more memorable characters, and greater audience participation which made it feel much more spontaneous and much less scripted than Zumanity.  That all said, Zumanity possesses the Cirque magic and charm and is definitely worth your time and dime.
Hahahahahahahahaha. Looking for a good time? Finding yourself in New York, New York? Spend the money. Bring your honey. You might find yourselves on stage. And, if you don't, you get to watch someone else's awkwardness on stage. It's a good time.
Me and my girl friend watched the show on July 14 and it indeed meets our expectation. She was bugging me to take her to see a stripe show, so, we decided on Zumanity.  It was pretty entertain which included adult jokes (keke), acrobatics (so are all other Cirque shows) and alot of topless scenes  (thats it? :( .   The audience involvement was hilarious and sexy.  You can see the random selected audiences were not paid to be a part of the stage which there are alot of shows does.  Too bad I wasn't picked.. LOL.. Its not cheap, (so are all other popular Vegas shows)  but it does worth the money if you watch it one time.
how can you not love this show if your in Vegas and an open mind this show will not disapoint and you might get lucky with your date afterward
Fun, sexy, and acrobatic.  This best describes Zumanity, the sensual and sexual side of Cirque Du Soleil.  . I never want to give away what the show entails, so if you are looking for that, you might want to read on.  However, I will advise to come here with your significant other.  Zumanity celebrates different types of relationships and sensuality.  Audience participation is not required but they will encourage you to participate if you are selected.  Even the people in the very back weren't safe from being asked to participate during our show.  . Overall:  If you are sensitive to anything sexual, sexual jokes, play, comments or crude jokes in general I will let you know now this show is not for you.  But if you are open minded and don't mind such humor, then you will enjoy this show.
While this isn't my favorite Cirque show, it is still absolutely amazing! A group of my friends and I went to this show last time we were in Vegas. It is full of stunning acrobatic tricks and other staple circus spectacles.  It has a much more romantic setting than some of the other shows in Vegas. . . There were definitely more boobs and sexual scenes than I expected to see. It didn't bother me a bit, but a couple of the friends we had with us found it a bit too much. I know you are probably thinking "what did you expect", which I totally agree now. But at the time, we had asked the ticket sales person if it was explicit and he acted like it was totally clean without any nudity. . . Prudeness aside, it was a great show and I definitely recommend it for the open minded people out there. If you get annoyed with nudity.....don't go to this show.
Zumaity is located inside New York! New York! in its own auditorium done up all velvety to look like an old burlesque. This was my third Cirque Du Soleil show, and I went into it not really knowing what to expect, and from the time you walk into the auditorium, still had no clue what I was in for. . . The acrobatics where nice, sure they where not as stunning as some of the other Cirque shows, but that was made up just in the sheer enjoyability of the show. What Zumanity lacks in technicality, and don't let the term 'lack' dissuade you as it is still spectacular, it makes up in intimacy and entertainment. From the moment you walk in they have entertainers talking to the audience. I didnt go into Zumanity thinking id be giving a full figured buxom woman a massage as she fed me a strawberry, but hey, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas...unless you decide to put it on yelp.. . When the acrobats are not performing, the show revolves around audience interaction. If you do not want to be interacted with, DO NOT SIT IN THE FRONT ROW!  You may want to avoid the aisles as well. . . The music is all written for the show and performed live, and I enjoyed it as well.. . Zumanity does have adult themes, but this is Las Vegas. In my opinion it has all been tasteful executed and it is a great show. I would recommend it to couples. The only catch being you have to go into it with an open mind!
Lots of fun, sexy and daring. Lots of audience interaction if you sit in the first few rows. Don't be shy, just relax and enjoy! We came on an off night and they moved us to the front row!
Really impressed with the show. We sat in section 104 & the seats were really great. We were able to see the entire show up close. . . The sensuality & comedy mix is perfect. . . Don't sit in the front if you're a shy person. You may get picked on my the cast. . . I would recommend this show for any open minded couple. Date night approved!
awesome show!
Not only was this a great impulse buy, but I was pretty astonished leaving the theater after the show. My friends and I at the last minute decided to see Zumanity, and were very pleased throughout the show. There were some great acrobatics, very funny, and sexy. We had some great seats and the show lasted a perfect amount of time so definitely worth the money!. . If you have yet to see this show I highly recommend it!
Zumanity is a cabaret show by Cirque du soleil , the acrobatics were good, there is not a real storyline , this is not KA, this is not the best cirque du soleil show . If your intention is see a sexy , gross cabaret show all in one you should book your ticket for Zumanity. I went with a friend to see it , keep on mind there is nudity , my friend got sick when he saw a naked actor playing with his cock on the viewer's mouth. The show is different than a typical cabaret show , the good thing is the stage was very small, whatever you book your ticket you will be very close to the stage. . See Zumanity , only if you are open to see nudity and you are a real adult.
This was a fun show to go see. If your a prude or a homophobe this show isn't for you. It was a blast coming to this show. The comedy and the acrobatics were impressive. I only wish the show lasted longer.
Erotic, sensual and comedic!  We have slowly tried to see the various Cirque shows Vegas has to offer.  Zumanity was one more to cross off the list!   This is definitely an adult only show. **DO NOT BRING YOUR PARENTS OR GRANDPARENTS**  That would be really uncomfortable for most of us.  It's perfect for a date night!. . Anyway, most of the show the performers are half naked.  Honestly after a while it doesn't even phase me.  There is alot of audience interaction and it made the show so hilarious!  But compared to the other Cirque shows, there isn't too much of the acrobatic and aerial stunts.  I guess I would just prefer more of this.   Don't get me wrong, we had an awesome time.   I completely understand that all of the shows are different and unique in their own sense.  The performers were fantastic.  They are so talented in so many ways.  I can see why this show has stuck around for 10 years now.  . . Overall it was a great show and I'm glad we saw it.
Exceeded my expectations! Amazing acrobats! So funny my cheeks hurt! Not too risky!
Great show and talented beautiful cast!  First class, sexy, funny, daring and original. I would definitely recommend seeing this show in such an intimate theater!
This show was thoroughly entertaining throughout most of the show. There is a lot of comedy in between the acrobatic shows and it had me laughing. . . Definitely not the typical cirque show. It doesn't have as much flying acrobatics as some of the other shows but it has segments like the water bowl one which is completely different from the other cirques. . . There is a lot of topless women prancing around and doing crazy things along with buff pretty boys for the girls to enjoy. . . If you are a local you need to take advantage and check this show out.  . . There is a lot of audience interaction that's really funny throughout the whole show. . . A really good show to watch on a date night.
I liked this show alot. It was great. There is something for guys and girls. Even big girls got love which is a surprise. BBWs walking around giving out strawberries was cool. My wife and I had a good time watching this show.
Great Venue! Amazing singing and live music! Very fun and entertaining the men are strong and athletic, but the woman of the cast are far from sexy, extremely skinny BUT amazing athletes! The show is worth every penny and the show is very interactive with the crowd, which is very fun!  The host and the "married couple" which interact with the crowd keep you laughing nonstop. Its definitely a bucket list item!
For this last Vegas trip this was the "show" component of the "dinner and show" that people are doing in Vegas, since the No1DP and I are both getting too old to hit the clubs :/ Although I've been to Vegas a handful of times since my 21st birthday this was my first Cirque de Soleil show. To see one with a person who appreciate a good theatrical show was quite the experience. . . Each of the Cirque de Soleil shows focus on a specific theme; Zumanity's is "the sensual side of Cirque de Soleil". This is an accurate tagline as this show is Cirque de Soleil's exploration of sex in all of its forms yet maintains the class and whimsical fun of a Cirque show. In the end this is supposed to be a fun show; don't expect going into this show with the same expectations of Bellagio's "O" (high production value), MGM's "Ka" (an actual story) or Mirage's "Love" (typical musical). . . Three pieces of advice I give to you regarding the show.. 1) PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE try to be early, ~30 minutes before show starts Though the No1DP and I had a great dinner prior, we ended up missing the pre-show where the MC character interacted with the audience. Apparently they use this as a gauge for potential people they'll pick for the acts that involve audience interaction. We both made it RIGHT before show started and we had to stand for at least 5 minutes before ushers took us to our seats.. 2) No outside food. No1DP had to rent lockers next to the New York-New York roller coaster because we wanted to take back leftover cookies (he misinterpreted my request that I sneak the cookies INSIDE my bag in a napkin to munch on during the show). Poor sweetie.. 3) This is one of those shows where it's best to see this with your DATE and slightly buzzed. It wouldn't feel right to see this with someone that you aren't dating/seeing because it's definitely going to put THOSE thoughts in you afterwards and this show with a drink in your system is a good buildup.. . Since I don't want to spoil the show, I end this review with a couple of observations.. 1) No1DP and I sat in one of the couches directly along the right side from the theater. We did get quite the view as we got detailed views of the actor's costumes but one con was that a lot of the actor-performers were directing their attention towards the front of the stage. It's hard to watch a show if you can't see what the actors are doing unless the act involves using all parts of the stage. . 2) If you are sitting in one of the couches and would rather not be picked on, don't go to the pre-show! No1DP and I got avoided for the most part. Only time I brought forth attention was when I asked for one of the roses one of the actors was giving out as part of the act, which I got.. 3) Couches were rather comfortable and spacious in that the No1DP could be sitting on one end and I could be sitting in the other end with my legs outstretched and my feet could reach the other end. . 4) Quite a number of people in fat suits. . 5) MC was good in engaging the audience and for the people who chose to participate, pushing their buttons.. 6) As a lot of people have already mentioned, lots o' titties. Most of them look real though I did see quite a few that were definitely not - but as part of the costume, none of that silicone crap.
