Opening night, first seating. . The entrance was grand, greeted by a pretty, friendly hostess,  through the chunnel and given a mini tour of the restaurant while being led to our table. Our waiter, Alex, was great...he was very patient and was happy to answer any questions we had. There are so many wonderful sounding dishes on the menu. Most drink choices were presented on an iPad tablet, most of the signature cocktails were gin based which we both aren't much of a fan, but we decided to try the Strawberry Martini and The Drifter. They were both good drinks. I found the iPad to be a bit unnecessary, if the entire menu was loaded on to it, it would've made more sense. The iPad would've been smarter for the bar.. Before we ordered our food, we were schooled on the meat selection while a beautiful cart of steaks sat before us, mirrors above each cut to reflect the marbling. A small dish of assorted breads with butter was presented while we waited for our food. The breads were okay, some better than others, nothing to rave about though. I was a little surprised, there was no amuse bouche. I started with the Asparagus Soup with crab meat and caviar...it was  fresh tasting and delicious, it was the highlight of the meal. My husband got the Bone Marrow with demi glaze. It was heart attack worthy. Very rich, but melts in your mouth. Definitely big enough to share. . The main courses we selected were the Beef Wellington served with potato puree and roasted vegetables. The beef could've been a tad less cooked, but it was so unbelievably tender, the puff pastry was crispy and golden, floating in savory brown gravy. Loup De Mer was our other selection, cooked perfectly, moist and light. The surprise of the plate was a purple cauliflower puree. A roasted lemon is on the plate to squeeze on the fish and puree, once the juice hits the puree it changes color from purple to pink. Very Dr. Seuss. The lemon needs to have a cover or the waiter should squeeze it with a lemon press, if you so wish, when presented, so I had lemon juice all over my hand and lemon seeds all over my fish and puree. My husband usually doesn't like fish but he was actually eating this and liking it. We got a side of Spinach with Bacon cream and fried egg, it was different, with a smoky taste, the yolk broke perfectly but the egg was difficult to cut through. We didn't finish all the spinach so we asked if we could get the rest to go, the assistant waiter brought us a box and walked away, I was surprised for a high end restaurant that you'd have to pack up your own leftovers.. I wanted a light desert, so we decided to split the Tea Trifle. It was small and light, reminded us both of strawberry shortcake. The berries would've been easier to eat if they were cut in bigger pieces, but we were able to patiently stab at them with our fork to get them all.. We noticed as the restaurant filled up, between the regular restaurant noise and the loud trendy music playing it became more difficult to have a conversation or hear the waiter..  I'm not sure if we had such high expectations because it has Gordon Ramsay's name behind it. Hopefully once it's been in operation longer the kinks will be ironed out. We definitely want to go back and try more.
The only negative thing here was that we had a reservation for 10 but didn't get sat till 10:30. But it was the opening weekend so I guess that can be expected.. . As a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey, got to say this place didn't disappoint at all! The lobster app was so delish! The bone in rib eye was also crazy good! The mac n cheese is also crazy good!. . While Gordon wasn't there while I was having dinner, Chef Andy (female) from the show Hell's Kitchen was there. She was a sweetheart and came over to the table to check in and take a picture.. . Will be back for sure!
A good British steak house in the Paris?  Why not.. . Love him or hate him, Gordon Ramsay is a multi Michelin stared chef.  Trying his London restaurants dispelled the myth for me that British food is bland and flavorless.  That said, at Gordon Ramsay Steak, the British signature dishes are the standouts.  As a steakhouse, it falls in the middle of the pack in price and quality behind Cut, StripSteak, and CraftSteak.. . Two types of beef, limited cuts (epically if you are not sharing your steak).  28 day dry aged, prime beef is excellent.  Well trimmed.  Good marbling.  Beefy with the waft of umame.  The American kobe is feminine; tender, mild, almost sweet.  They claim the beef rates a BMS 10+ (Japanese A5), could be but it's nowhere near as flavorful as Australian or Japanese wagyu.. . The signature dishes are outstanding.  Flavors are bold.  The Beef Wellington with a syrupy, red wine demi packs a flavor punch.  A classic.  The "Fisherman's Grill" is also exceptional.  Perfectly cooked lobster, mussels, scallops served with a silky curry sauce.  Oh yeah!.  . . Sides meant to be shared.  The mushroom tart, gratineed spinach and blue cheese mac and cheese are good eats and make the perfect match to the dry aged beef by heightening the umame aftertaste.  Unfortunately their flavors overpower the kobe cuts.. . Service is friendly and very efficient.. . Very good international wine list.  Vegas resort pricing.. . Note:  Use your Total Rewards casino card to get a slight (5-10 percent) discount.  Tier does not matter.. . Recommended
Party of 7.  4 hours on opening night.  Food was perfect.  Signature menu exceeded expectations.  Charles very knowledgable.  Specialty drinks all very good.  Had a hard time actually getting a beer.  Really long time between courses.  No Idea why.
My fiance and I ordered the limited edition tasting menu when we visited Steak this past week. It included, Bread, Colcannon, Roasted Beets, Asparagus Soup, Roasted Beef Wellington, and for dessert, Tropical Panna Cotta. It also included an autographed copy of the tasting menu which was a nice touch since my fiance thinks Ramsey is the cooking god. I'll go from best to worst. The Tropical Panna Cotta was superb. It had so many flavors. It was absolutely delicious! The bread was also excellent. The Asparagus Soup was also very good. I could have done without the salmon caviar in it-too salty (not a big fan of caviar anyway). The Colcannon (potato and cabbage croquette) was good, not great. Last and definitely least was the Beef Wellington. The small piece of beef in it was good but the coating was dry and had a very strange texture. The glazed root veggies and potato puree that came with it were decent. By the time we got to the beef wellington, I was wishing I would have ordered a steak because people really seemed to enjoy it (I talked to some of my dining neighbors). The staff was absolutely top notch! They were very attentive and knowledgeable about the food. Our server was Chris and he treated my beer drinking fiance like they were old buddies! Him and another server helped him pick out a beer and both of them knew every thing about every beer that the restaurant served (although they did disagree on which one was the best :  ) ) I was really impressed that they remembered every thing about the steaks when they were showing each table the steak selection. I will visit this restaurant again but will order one of the beautiful steaks.
Two of us ended up at Gordon Ramsay Steak with no prior planning and in my case I had little knowledge of GR's background.  I know my cocktails and I know my beef - GRS delivered.  The Manhattan was served in more of a oversized snifter, but it worked.  I ordered it with GRS' signature Knob Creek - I still can't place the distinct flavor, but it was yummo.  Without a reservation on a busy Tuesday night, we managed a table in the bar area without a wait.  Service seemed as seemless as it would have been in the dining room.  The service was polished without being cloying.  Not one single menu item disappointed, and the filet mignon was cooked perfectly and was as good as it could possibly have been.  That being said, at the price point offered, I would have expected no less.  While the French Press coffee was as good as I've ever had, it too needed to be that good at $12.00 for a cup and a half.  The bill was about triple my business per diem, but for the last night in town attending a convention that always wears one out, GRS was the antidote to a long, stressful day.  Highly recommended, but bring a credit card with lots of room.
I want to give this place 5 stars. I expected to give this place 5 stars. As I write this, I'm still considering upping my rating to 5 stars...but I just can't.  Unfortunately the service is what's keeping me from doing so.  More on this later.  . . We visited on Wednesday 5/30 for our big dinner on our last night in Vegas.  If you are looking for a classic steakhouse atmosphere, go somewhere else. This place is modern and trendy, including great current music remixes pumping through the restaurant. I loved the atmosphere 100%.  . . The bar experience was excellent. IPads are there to review the specialty cocktails, and the drinks didn't disappoint. We ordered a Southside and an HK Antioxident. We were seated in a corner booth upstairs, and unfortunately had a limited view of the place - no big deal though.. . For starters, I had the onion soup, which was hands down the best onion soup I've ever had. She had the caesar salad, which was also very good. For the main dish, I had the beef wellington, which was amazing. The meat literally melts in your mouth...outstanding. She had the fish & chips, which was delicious and the serving size was plentiful.  I also ordered the roasted bone marrow (1st experience with it), and didn't care for it...just a personal preference thing there.  Overall, an excellent food experience. . . Back to the service - the waiter's assistant was excellent. He was on top of the water, bread and cleaning the table. Very friendly and attentive. Our main waiter, however, acted uninterested, and barely spent any time with us. We literally received more attention from other waiters passing by our table, who engaged us in conversation about the restaurant, the menu and their recommendations.  Where was this great attitude for us from our waiter?  A few noticed that we sat there with finished plates for a good 15-25 minutes.  I understand our waiter was busy with a large party, but we were second thoughts to him, and it was clear we were not a priority. It really was too bad, and all the waiting and disinterest made our mind up for us that we would be skipping dessert.. . We will be back for sure, but we will definitely ask for a table with a better view, and we will make sure we don't get the same waiter.. . Food, atmosphere, bar/bartender, other restaurant staff: 5 Stars!!. Service: 1 Star
Ambience was nice, service was exceptional without being overly pretentious. We ordered bone in rib eye 24 oz and everyone and their mom recommended the signature beef Wellington, so we obliged. The rib eye was fantastic! Perfect char, fat ratio was perfect and steak was bursting with flavor! One of the moments were you subconsciously close your eyes, chew slowly, and begin making the sound Mmmmmmm... . Wish I could say the same for the beef Wellington. Wife and I agreed that the flavor fell flat. We only took one bite each and then just shared the wonderful ribeye. . For sides we had Mac n cheese and loaded. Potato.Mac n cheese was creamy but light, perfect balance. Baked potato was just an over sized baked potato but nothing to write home about. . You will easily run. Up a bill close to $200 or more but overall it was worth it and we very much enjoyed the experience.
I love to find a great tasting steak and I did...   I ordered the the Porter House and it was well prepared as was our appetizer, salads, & sides.  The front of the house needs to work on service.  Our server was interrupted while at our table on several occasions and we had to wait way too long in between courses.  We were not offered pepper for our salads and when I did ask for pepper, it took forever for our server to find a pepper-mill because customers were taking them and they didn't have enough.   They need to buy a few pepper-mills for their servers that customers wont steal !
OH MY!!!!. Appetizer:. Half Dozen of oysters--who knew the little spicy soy sauce goes well with oysters? . Smoke Beef Tartar--little too mustard spicy for me, too smoky, I had to force myself to finish....(minus half star). Onion Soup--Very thick and creamy and yummy. Entree:. Beef Wellington--supreme, it is like a piece of heaven in my mouth :). Lamb with shepherds' pie--OH YES! perfectly cooked. . ambiance:. too loud... can't hear ourselves.... very hip decor, love it!!!!. . overall i LOVE IT!!!, I WILL COME BACK FOR SHOOOOO
As long as you love me. We could be starving. We could be homeless. We could be broke at...GORDON RAMSAY STEAK! - Biebs (as long as you love me). . This place just debuted in May and it wasn't open the last time I was there not too long ago so I was excited that there was a new restaurant with a headline television chef. I made reservations for friday night and while we still had to wait 20 mins to be seated, we got a really nice booth out of it so it was worth it. . . We started off with the pork belly appetizer, which was pretty good. The problem was that the bread and appetizer came out super fast and we had to wait a while for the steaks and the beef wellington. Granted, they told us it would be a long wait but we had to order Gordon's signature dish from 'hell's kitchen.' In addition to the kobe beef filets and beef wellington, we added foie gras to our entrees and fire corn and spinach on the side. I will miss the foie gras in california soon, but I won't miss the corn and the salty spinach. The steaks were sooo tender and juicy, and the beef wellington was a mouthful of goodness. All in all, the main dishes were excellent but the side dishes and everything else were less than average for a fine dining steakhouse. I think they don't focus enough on the sides so there's definitely room for improvement in this area. However, service was pretty sweet and entertaining at the same time so I will bump my overall rating by a point.. . Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 5 stars --- Price(value): n/a
Ramsay's is one hell of an experience.  The food is fabulous, the decor is modern and fresh, and the overall service is perfect.  I loved every bite of this place, and the only thing that can sum up the whole restaurant, for me, is sticky toffee pudding.  You must have it.  It will haunt you in your dreams.
9/6 @ 6pm Go straight for the entree the beef was very good - Mac and Cheese perfect!. Waiter was very knowledgeable about the entire menu. This was a perfect night for me and 2 of my employees. They really enjoyed their dinner and the service. I had the goose liver - Yum!
This review is for June 20th.. . The Good:. . The servers we had during our visit would get 6 stars if I could give it.  They were knowledgeable, accommodating, spot on with recommendations for food and wine pairings.. . Flavors of the food were bold and mouth watering.  It sounds weird, but things like mushrooms actually tasted like mushrooms.  It probably comes from Gordon making sure everything is seasoned perfectly like on his shows.. . The bread was a wonderful treat for the palate.  My favorite had to be the bread that looked like mini cinnamon rolls (without the frosting) and flavored with mushrooms or smoked pork belly.. . We had the shellfish platter.  All of the seafood was fresh on a serving platter made of ice to keep it cold.  There were a few items that had a tomato jelly infused with sriracha and a few others with lemon and mint.  The both worked well with their items.  The rest had a few dipping sauces that complimented them beautifully.. . Best thing we had all night was our dessert.  We had  the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream as a few other reviewers suggested.  Perfectly sweet and rich and to die for with a cup of coffee.  I hope that one could get just that for take out, it is worth it.. . The Bad:. . The steak.....our table had a beef wellington and a bone in rib eye.  Both steaks were supposed to be medium rare but ended up more on the rare side.  The seasoning was lacking on both steaks.  It is a shame that they started with an exceptional aged steak beforehand and turned it into an above average product. . . They were offering a chef tasting menu with beef wellington and a couple of other sides, and a  limited edition signed picture of Gordon Ramsay of which they are supposed to do maybe 830.  I was already thinking of trying the famous beef wellington so in my mind I am thinking sure why not?  The waiter explains though, that if I get the tasting menu, then everyone at the table has to get it as well.  What?!!  They are not going to be selling lots of those if that is the catch.. . Overall:. . Almost all of the food was wonderful but the steak.  And being as the name of the restaurant has steak in it, therefore the four stars.  I will try it again in the future when it has been open for a while.
I can't say my Rib Eye for one was the best tasting steak I ever had  - probably because I had two of the best tasting vodka martinis before my meal arrived. . . I can say the place is cool and the presentation is pretty smooth.. . Seemed liked the servers were trying a little too hard to upsale everything to increase the bill and tip.  Nice guys however. i especially enjoyed the cute little hostess who made you feel right at home. . . Two story place was large enough to seat many people. Nice bar down below and great view from the second floor. . . Anyplace that charges $45 for fish and chips is way over priced. . . if you have the extra cash and you are looking to stay close to home while you are staying sat the Paris hotel then i guess this would be a good place to try. . . Be prepared a few hundred dollars even for two.
We arrived early and was able to sit at the bar and looked at the surroundings, which was pretty neat. I was amazed the prices of the wine by the glass was a decent price!. . We were sat at our table On Time and was near the kitchen so I got to watch some expediting and smell everything coming out of that kitchen. Loved the presentation of the meats, it looked fricken good. . . Had the beef wellington and the bone marrow. I grew up eating bone marrow, it was our dessert waaay back when. But to quote Mr. Ramsey, keep it simple. It had too much olive oil and what ever else spice, it over powered the rich delicious marrow. . . The service was very good and friendly. Except the wine sommelier just poured the wine without saying anything of the wine I ordered...thats not good at all. I use to explain the wine I poured to make sure the guest was getting the right wine and give some information of the wine...simple huh??. . Everyone left content and with a good feeling. . . Aloha
Excellent food and service.  Charles is an excellent food enthusiast, so request him as your waiter.  We celebrated our anniversary here, and enjoyed every course.
8:15 reservation but didn't get seated until 8:45 on July 4th. Waited in the bar and tried the HK antioxident.... too expensive for what it was. A bad start since we were starving, but from then on the dinner was wonderful. . . The steaks (filet..not Kobe) was nothing special compared to other steakhouses in the area like Cut or Mon ami Gabi, but the beef wellington was something different and was cooked perfectly. . . What I really enjoyed was the bread that came out before the meal, since there was a unique assortment all of which were great, and the quality of service the staff gave during the dinner. . . The presentation of meats, constant but not too pushiness of the waiters checking up on us and visual presentations such as the Ipad wine list were all nice touches.. . My Wife and I shared a salad which they brought it out on two separate plates with full presentation still in tact. . . Sitting up in the balcony is a little tight, but being able to people watch was quite fun.. . So my only complaints was the wait, an excessive char on the petite filet and I really wish they used a hot plate for steaks.. I'm a real proponent of that these days.. I'll be back for that Wellington and bread but not the steaks.
Best. Meal. Ever. I love you, Gordon! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because we had to wait 40 minutes to be seated (and we had reservations), and they crammed 5 of us into a 4 top. Not cool. The waitestaff was very good and attentive and professional.. . About the meal- I had sea bass- just ridiculously, melt in your mouth, fantastic. Also had mac n' cheese (stellar- is that truffle I detect?), mushrooms (yes, please), and stole some baked potato (buttery and yum!).. . My dinner companions all had steak- a fllet, which was HUGE, and the other 3 had a fatty steak. (Sorry, can't remember which one.) They were also huge and no one could finish their entire steak. In hindsight, they should have split 2 steaks and we could have saved some money. The only complaint I heard was from my 75-year old father-in-law who said his steak was fatty. Well duh. Next time order a filet!. . But, all in all, a fantastic meal. I only wish we had more time to enjoy as we had to rush off to a show and missed dessert.. . Will be back next time with plenty of time and a big appetite.
For our anniversary, the Misses and I went to the new Gordon Ramsey Steak. Overall, the experience was great but not quite five stars.. . We began by ordering our drinks from an Ipad. This definitely added a fun twist to the experience. However, it also ensures that there will be no misunderstandings of drink orders. Both were $14, a bit much but they went down quite smooth. . . We were seated next to the kitchen. A la Hell's Kitchen, the cooks work within view of their diners. No screams of "this is RAW"; instead, we got to see each fancy dish get made!. . Our waiter was very attentive - his first question: "are you a fan of Hell's Kitchen?" When we affirmed this, he laid down a special prix fixe menu and left for a few minutes. *Hint - avoid the menu unless a signed commemorative menu is worth $135 per person!. . Instead we settled on Beef Wellington for Two. The meat was moist and red in the center - leaving a great after-taste. Combined with a gouda and ham baked potato and asparagus topped with morels, we had a delicious dinner. However, prices were not cheap (even by steakhouse standards). Furthermore, our waiter seemed hell-bent on selling us a bottle of wine. He kept emphasizing the cheapest Robert Mondavi (for ONLY $64).. . Despite such pushiness to the point of unfriendliness, the bottled water was by far enough. Another waiter explained that the restaurant orders 3/4 of the bottling company's annual production. If you want to try it, you better visit the restaurant!. . Finally, make sure to sign up for Total Rewards.The card leads to lower prices on most entrees.
Went here on a Saturday night as an anniversary celebration dinner.  The meals we had here were superb.  From the lovely selection of bread, to our delectable appetizers, we started our meals off right.  I had the lobster with chorizo appetizer ($28), and my husband had the Caesar salad ($17).  The lobster was perfectly cooked and tender.  Strangely enough though, the chorizo was very mild and I couldn't really taste any typical chorizo flavor or spicy heat in it.  Maybe it was a more European version of chorizo?  My husband's Caesar salad came with a Scotch quail egg, which was perfectly crispy on the outside, yet light, with lots of flavor.. . We had the beef Wellington for two ($100), which took some time to get served to us, but it was worth it!  I savored every bite of the beef, packed with flavor, and the flaky pastry crust with mushroom paste covering the inside.  . . I decided to try the HK antioxidant cocktail ($14), which was smooth and refreshing.  The flavors were fruity and perfect together.. . While I enjoyed the meal, service was off.  For such a fine establishment where you are paying a lot of money for your meal I really expect nothing but friendliness and attentiveness from the wait staff.  For the most part, this was true.  However, our main server seemed disinterested and wasn't very friendly throughout the whole meal.  When it came to ordering dessert, we were so stuffed we couldn't possibly eat any more, but really wanted to take something back to the hotel with us for later.  We asked for the sticky toffee pudding to go, and initially our server wouldn't let us order it, because the ice cream would melt, he said.  We told him that we were heading right to our hotel room afterwards and the room had a freezer.  After some discussion, he finally said he could pack it up to go, but without the ice cream.  Once again, our room had a freezer, so the ice cream wouldn't melt, but whatever, we were OK with eating it without ice cream.  Eating it later on, perhaps that ice cream would have helped cut the very sweet nature of the dessert, for it was almost cloyingly sweet for my tastes.. . P.S.  If you have a Total Rewards casino card with any Harrah's-owned establishment, they give you a few dollars off each item you order, but if you pay with your rewards points, your total is based on the normal non-discount price.
While visiting Vegas for my boyfriends birthday, he decided he wanted to celebrate with dinner at Gordon Ramsey Steak.  We had 9:15 reservations but arrived early hoping to be seated before then.  Unfortunately we were not, but we had a great experience at the bar while we did wait.  The bartender was friendly and answered all of our questions, he asked us what our preferences were and made drink suggestions.  I unfortunately can't remember the name of the drinks, but they were delicious! . . We were seated at 9:15 and greeted by our very polite waiter and waitress.  They brought out a display of all of the different cuts of meat and explained each one to us, which I loved.  Now on to the food:. . Bread Plate: A great spread of different breads, there is one with fig in it that's amazing.  As much as you'll want to keep eating- DONT!  Save room for the good stuff.. . Appetizer: Market Green Salad & Pulled Pork Tortellini.  The salad was good, the tortellini was just OK..it was a bit hard.  . . Main: Myself and my cousin both ordered the American Kobe Rib Cap, which was recommended by both the bartender and the waiter.  My cousins husband ordered the beef wellington and my boyfriend ordered the 24oz bone in rib eye.  We were super excited when our meals came out.  Unfortunately my cousin and I are both very salt sensitive and found our rib caps to be over seasoned and WAY too salty.  The cut of meat was very good though.  If you're sensitive to salt...definitely mention that to them before ordering.  The beef wellington was delicious, as was the rib-eye.  Both cooked and seasoned to perfection.  . . Sides: Sauteed spinach, potato puree,  mac & cheese.  The mac and cheese and potato puree were both amazing.  I wish I had more room to finish them...I would have licked the plate.  The sauteed spinach is nothing special...we just wanted to add something green to the mix.  . . Since it was my boyfriends birthday, the waiter suggested a pudding with butter ice cream which didn't look very appetizing but was phenomenal.  A friendly waiter came over and sang happy birthday...beautifully!  . . Over all we had a great night, the super salty Rib Cap didn't ruin it for me enough to give it any less than 4 stars, I just know to order another cut of meat next time.  The bill came to about $500 with the tip for 4 people.  Not surprising for a nice steak house, and worth it.
I came here tonight for a light dinner and a drink. I'm not a big fan of restaurants that have music blasting like it's a nightclub. If I can barely hear my bartender, it's probably far worse for those sitting at a regular table. . . Service was slow in the beginning but picked up after I placed my order. My drink of choice on this night was an English Side Car. It was a touch on the sweet side, because of the apricot jam. . . They brought out the (obligatory?) bread plate, which was awesomely delicious. The rolls were soft and flavorful. I really like the pinwheels.. . My dinner for the evening was the fois gras. Heavenly. Soft and fatty, sitting in a pool of duck fat and bacon bits, with brioche and strawberry jam.  Great contrasts in texture and flavors.  Highly illegal, criminal if you were to order and serve in California.
I gave this place four stars NOT because of the food.  That would have received 5 stars.  I gave it four stars for two reasons.  Allow me to explain:. . 1. We had a magnum of wine we wanted to bring with us.  We specifically asked over the phone what the corkage fee was and if it was higher because the bottle was bigger.  They assured us it was not.  We were very pleased at this.  Only when we got there, they told us since it was the equivalent of 3.5 bottles, we would have to pay four corkage fees, for a grand total of $140.  Now, if that is your policy, fine.  But please have your staff tell patrons over the phone that this is the case.  When the person who came totell us told us "he'd make it right," we assumed he would.  Well, the bill included the $140 fee.  They eventually did  "make it right and only charged us for one," but you would expect a place of this caliber to not make these mistakes.  I mean, I know that $140 for four bottles of decent wine at a steakhouse is still a steal, but it was the principle of the inconsistency that bothered me.. . 2. The decor and vibe of the place is great!  Very hip.  LOVE the Union Jack on the roof and the music.  BUT ... if you go in a slightly larger party (we had 7), they might stick you in a stuffy, typical steakhouse room.  I was so disappointed.  I wanted to ask if we could be moved, but my party was being complacent, so I shut my mouth.  LOL  Just be aware of this - that if you are trying to go because it's NOT the typical steakhouse but go in a group, you might get stuck there.  If you don't want this, I would tell them when I make the reservation.  . . Having said this, the food was fantastic, as were the waiter and bus boy service. I agree that the commemorative and autographed Ramsay prix-fixe thing is a little tacky.  The fried blue point oysters were fantastic, as was the porterhouse for two (although it was a little cold).  The mac and cheese was also great, but anything that has truffle oil gets my vote.  The people at the table who had the famous beef wellington were impressed, and the sticky toffee pudding was amazing. Oh, and my martini had this olive in it with bacon added to the blue cheese olive (it might have had another cheese in it; can't remember .. bartender told me, but I forget).  Point is, it was delicious. . . I would definitely give Ramsay Steak a try if I was in Vegas.  I will probably go again just  in a smaller party.
Once I booked my hotel for a weekend in Vegas, I immediately called Gordon Ramsay Steak to make reservations for dinner. I heard so many good things about the place, and my expectations were met.. . When you first enter the restaurant, the hostess takes the time to explain to you the setup and decor of the restaurant. Not long after we were seated, our waiter came up to us to give us menus. The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. He took the time to explain to us all the different cuts of meat available while displaying a cart with huge slabs of each type of meat.. . We ended up ordering the Bone-In Rib Eye and Kobe Skirt, along with a side of Fingerling Potatoes and the Maine Lobster as an appetizer. Everything was delicious! Even the free bread (3 different kinds) was gourmet and not the typical cheap stuff. The lobster was stuffed with chorizo (yummy!) and the creamy sauce added nice flavors to it. We asked for both our entrees to be cooked medium, but the rib eye was little undercooked so we had to send it back. Aside from that, everything else about the rib eye and Kobe was great. I also enjoyed the truffle oil that was added to the crispy fingerling potatoes. Although we were full, we had to try at least one of the desserts and ordered the Banoffee. It was a delicious combination of banana (in small pastry tarts), toffee, and coffee ice cream. . . Although the food was great, the part that impressed me the most was the service. We had an early dinner at 5pm, but the restaurant got really crowded not long after we arrived. Despite this, we still received a lot of attention from our waiters. They were all friendly and polite, and often came by to wipe away crumbs or water on the table.. . The food here is pricey, but I wouldn't mind dining here every once in awhile when I'm in Vegas. It also depends on how much you order and plan to eat. Between the three of us, we had more than enough food to get full off of (came out to ~$65/person after tax and tip). Also, make sure you give them your Total Rewards card to save a couple dollars on each dish!
As a huge fan of Hells Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares, I was looking forward to eating at Gordon's place.  I feel I can call him by his first name from my bill for 2 that I paid for dinner.  I was hoping to see if the winer of Hell's kitchen was in the kitchen but nothing.  Anyways, the food was outstanding.  I started with the Kobe sliders and then the filet.  My wife had the Beef wellington which looked better than it did on TV and was amazing.  That toffee sticky dessert was incredible.  Make sure you save room as you need to get that for dessert.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the music was tooooooooo loud.  I could not hear the waiter or hear my wife from across the table and if you get the sampling platter, you get a signed menu from him.  I tried to buy the menu but they would not sell it to me.  Why do I have to try something I do not want.  Had the wellington which was the only thing on the tasting menu that looked appetizing
Going to Steak was one of the most anticipated parts of our last vacation.  I have to say that Gordon Ramsay and his staff at Steak didn't let us down.  We started with some nice cocktails and appetizers.  The Caesar Salad was a perfect blend of dressing, cheese, and lettuce.  Sometimes places drown their salads to the point were it's more like a little lettuce with the order of dressing.  This was not the case at Steak.  We also had some heirloom tomatoes that were delicious.  I have always seen Beef Wellington on Hells Kitchen and was really looking forward to trying it.  Even with high expectations, I was very impressed.  I totally understand what they mean by flaky pastry and perfectly cooked meat.  The Beef was some of the most tender meat I've ever had.  My wife went with the bone in New York.  I was a little worried because she usually likes her beef cooked more on the well done side.  When she got it I was amazed at how much flavor was retained and how the searing was perfect.  As far as sides go, the Mac and Cheese was just the right amount of "cheesy" and the baked potatoes where HUGE!  .   My only real complaint (and hence the 4 star review) was that the waiting process to get seated seemed confusing.  We walked to the hostess station that was outside of the restaurant in the Casino and checked in.  We were told to go wait in the lounge but there wasn't much room in the lounge because there were quite a few other people waiting in there.  What was confusing was that the hostess who seated people wasn't the same one who checked us in.  So, they kept going around asking "did you have reservations?.....Oh I sorry we will be ready for you in a few more minutes."  Really, if I could figure out how to give a half star this would have been a 4 1/5 star rating.  If you're in Vegas and are a fan of Hells Kitchen it's awesome to go see the place they are competing for...or if you just want a great meal...you can't go wrong here.
Squeezed in here by the fine hairs of my chin after the Celine concert at Ceasar's!! Delighted they let me in, seated in the loungey bar area, appreciating the May-opened first presence of someone that I actually oddly and inexplicably respect: Gordon Ramsay.. . He inspired a 2nt/3day jaunt to London a few years ago, in fact. The odd things I manage to do on a whim.. . No steak had I at 2230 in the evening, but the steak dishes of neighboring patrons digging in looked and smelled quite beefy!! Myself, asked the chef for a special. Am a humongous fan of Scotch eggs ( tribute to Ramsay's humble origins), and I have never had a quail egg prepared in that style. It being the amuse on the tasting menu, I actually got a "Yes", and it was made for me. Together with the $25 seared foie gras with pea sprouts, homemade berry compote, and the best mini homemade crumpets to write him and tell one's city about! Unfortunately, the sear touch was amiss and didnt sit in a hit enough pan. I prefer the texture of my fg a bit more done as well.. . Like the interior of the restaurant inside the Paris, Has nice touches, classy....dark, the way I like it.. . So happy I decided last minute to cross the street and see if I could get in: wonderful nightcap snack..a treat.
Excellent food and service was extraordinary from our waiter. However upon arrival my wife and I noticed 1 customer (of 2) absolutely drunk. She eventually threw up in the dining area. Personally I think it is just as as much the management's fault for allowing the lady to get to that state. I mean if I noticed her within 4 mins of walking into the establishment, does that mean the management team are not doing their jobs properly one star lost for that reason and I'm sure if mr ramsay was cooking there that night I'm sure he'd have two choice words for the client (and the last word ends in 'off')
the ambiance of the restaurant is great.  It was very sexy and hip. However, the music that was being played was so loud I could not even hear the couple across the table. it also took 20 minutes to get our first round of drinks and they were not particularly fast when we ordered second glasses of wine/cocktails either. The food was excellent as I expected but the service was sub par at best.
Great steak, sides are good, nice atmosphere, didn't try dessert. . I dined alone at the bar which has a lounge too and very social atmosphere. The bartenders are very friendly and service is great.. . I had to get the bone marrow which is a huge portion for one person. It comes with homemade English muffin bread which was very greasy and soggy. It should have been some sort of toasted or grilled bread. . . The bread selection is good too. The appetizers and salads seemed very expensive, about $15-20 each for a salad, soup? I wanted to try the foi gras but it was $25 and I already decided on the marrow.. . I really wanted the 24oz ribeye but that is just too much meat so I got the 18oz bone-in ny strip and it was great! Perfectly cooked and just the right size.. . I had the asparagus which the bartender said was one of the smaller sides and only ate about half of it. It was good but nothing extraordinary. I was too full for dessert and the menu didn't look that great. I had loose leaf tea which was nice. . . I would like to go back and try another steak and some more sides and apps. Overall it was very good and the steak itself was not outrageously expensive for Vegas.
We have eaten a couple of times at Gordon Ramsay's at the London in L.A. so when we heard he was going to open a restaurant here in Vegas we were excited. The location at the Paris Hotel & Casino is OK. I would give it 5 stars but I think the price was a little high for a steak house. We were a party of four celebrating my birthday. We started with the market green salad, asparagus soup, caesar salad, and the fried oysters for an appetizer. The fried oysters were amazing, the market green salad was good but not spectacular, the asparagus soup was spectacular and the caesar salad was excellent. Our entrees were, the kobe beef rib cap, beef wellington for one, bone in new york, and a shrimp cocktail. The rib cap and new york were both excellent, the beef wellington was my order and I thought it was good but as often as I have seen it cooked on his TV show Hell's Kitchen I expected it too come out perfect. It was cooked just right but was sort of lukewarm like it had been cooked a while ago. So overall the meal was very good. For dessert we shared the sticky toffee pudding which was absolutely amazing. We had read that the service was not so great but we found the service to be outstanding throughout the entire meal. Overall a great experience and would highly recommend.
My wife and I had dinner at gordon rasmey steak for my bithday about a month a go.. I could go on and on about how good every thing was. but I wont the high lights of the evening were the exelence servive. and the i pad they had th wine list on was quite cool too. food was cooked well the portions were so big I almost burst from eating to much. the cofee service was neet also. i would go back to this resturaunt.
I ate at GR Steak last night and while not mind blowing, it was a VERY excellent meal. I normally dislike going to high-end steak houses because they all sort of seem the same and few surprises are to be had. I'd rather spend my money doing a tasting menu with creative plating and flavor profiles I've never experienced. But Gordon Ramsay Steak made me a very happy camper last night.. . The bread choices are excellent. The pancetta brioche rolls and the one with the blue cheese were great. . . The steaks are done the way steaks should be done. They had a nice crust and very flavorful. The seasoning was spot on, the fat was rendered nicely, and the flavor of the beef took your taste buds for quite an adventure.. . The side dishes were typical for a steakhouse.  Mac and cheese with truffle oil and panko crumbs was as expected.  The mushrooms were great, although the bonito shavings really didn't add much in the way of flavor (guess just more umami?).  We also ordered the creamed spinach with panko.  Nothing to write home about, but all done very well.. . Dessert was probably the best I've had at a steakhouse. The sticky toffee pudding is amazing. It's warm and moist and airy and rich, while managing to not be too sweet. The browned butter ice cream it was paired with was perfect. To offset the richness of sticky toffee pudding, we also got the watermelon sorbet panna cotta. The watermelon sorbet was refreshing and the panna cotta underneath gave the sorbet a creaminess and altered the taste to be almost like a watermelon creamsicle.. . Overall, this was one of the best steak house experience I've ever had. The cow was the star that night, and the staff should be proud of that.. . Our meal lasted over two hours and I could only find one true fault and one nitpicky one.. . My ONLY true complaint of the night was the garnish of the steak. There were a few pieces of leafy greens thrown onto the steak for the sake of color (I think it was baby spinach? I didn't pay attention to them). They added nothing to the plate and had no business being there. The ones in contact with the steak were starting to wilt and we all just pushed them off to the side as we ate. It never occurred to me to eat one, but I doubt it would have paired with the beef in any way. If they want a contrasting color on that plate, make a simple pesto polenta square or something. The days of non-functional garnishes passed years ago.. . Now for my nitpicky complaint. The panna cotta was a bit too firm. While I think this may have been done intentionally to hold up the watermelon sorbet, it was too firm to be called a panna cotta.
I thought my huge 24-oz ribeye was the best piece of meat I have ever eaten until I took a bite of my wife's 8oz. filet (not even the Kobe filet).  Best steaks ever.. . Service was wonderful as well.  They initially overcooked my wife's steak, so  they brought a replacement, took it off the bill and gave us a sticky toffee pudding dessert for free.  Our waiter and his assistant were very gracious and helpful.. . The restaurant is fairly small and can be loud with the music blaring and people talking loudly to be heard.  Tables are also fairly close together so you will get to know your neighbors.. . I had the loaded baked potato which was okay - just quartered with gouda and some bacon - and foie gras with mine.  My wife had crab legs (best ever) and the mac and cheese which was fairly forgettable.. . But the steak was the star of the show.  We left barely able to walk.  Pricey, but worth the experience.
Went there on Thursday,  August 23rd. Reservation at 7pm. Didn't get seating until 7:25ish.. . We were seated upstairs. Got to the steaks but bf ordered pork belly for appetizer,  beef wellington entree, truffle mac & cheese side and a pepsi. (For sodas, they ONLY have pepsi or diet pepsi, WTH?). . I ordered foie gras for appetizer, crispy chicken breast for entree, chili lime corn for side and an infused peppermint iced tea. 4 stars because my chicken was a bit dry, well, it's breast so I guess that's why. I had a piece of the wellington and OMG it melted in my mouth! I am for sure coming back and ordering me some beef wellington all for my self! sides were alright. and for dessert, we ordered the sticky toffee pudding. that thing was excellent! (needed a little more ice cream, imo). . Slow service to begin with, had a reservation, didn't sit until about half an hour. Great table service, not as excellent, great or whatever else other reviewers say. Maybe because we're Asian/we looked like we had no monies? I observed other tables had better service than ours =/. . Anyways, will we come back?! YES, I will give GR another chance! And when we do, I will maybe give it a full 5 stars (for the food/service) when I have the beef wellington all to myself!
You can be sure that there will be no restaurant nightmare when you go to Gordon Ramsay's own restaurant, located in the Paris Hotel on the Strip.  On a business trip with a colleague who was insistent on going, I was very willing to tag along.  Having tried Bobby' Flay's, Emerel's and other celeb joints, this was one to add to the list.. . As a steak house, Ramsay's is as good as any American chophouse.  But the real difference was in the side dishes.  The bread starter was uncommonly good-I could have ordered repeats all night long.  As a side to my nicely done rib steak, I had a more continental dish, the Potatoes Colcannon.  Simply good.. . Desert was another highlight.  I had the Sticky Toffee Pudding with a homemade brown butter ice cream-it was amazing.. . Overall, worth going back even if you don't hear Gordon scream blue murder in the background!
We were in town just this weekend and had an early reservation (5 PM).  There was a line when I arrived at 5 PM for folks who made reservations to be checked in.  The hostesses weren't overly friendly.  Reservations are a must!  I overheard people being turned away.  Restaurant was nice; ceiling lighting and wine wall very cool.. . Our server Adrian could have had less of an attitude, not really friendly.  My husband asked for the "regular menu" and he was told that he would bring it out once he was done with "a process".  He first presented a tasting menu; if one person orders the tasting menu everyone at the table must order the tasting menu!  Second they bring out a meat display...third the "regular menu".  Shout out to our servers assistant Muhamidor, nice guy and acted like he was happy we were there.  He noticed that my husband really enjoyed the pancetta bread, so he brought us more.. . Here's what we ordered and how many stars we gave each:. Asparagus Soup $18 ... 3 stars, kind of bland. Maine Lobster Appetizer $28 ... 5 stars, I had to hold myself back from licking the plate. Beef Wellington $54 ... 5 stars, this was the BEST!  Every beef welli will have to measure up to this. Fisherman's Grill $50 ... 5 stars, everything was cooked perfectly. Fire Roasted Corn $12 ... 5 stars, make sure you order this as one of your sides. Fingerling Potatoes $12 ... 3 stars, good flavor but some were overcooked and hard. Cafe De Paris Butter $ 6... 3 stars, flavored butter for $6! Pass on this. . We will definitely eat here again.
First and foremost, I want to clarify that this rating has nothing to do with the service. The service was out of this world. The one star rating is for the food. Ok, my girlfriend and I decided to go to Vegas to get away from the daily grind of military life. We made it a point to eat here because we are both fans of Hells Kitchen. We arrived as they opened without a reservation and we were prompted to sit in the lounge area. Ensure you have a reservation. This wasn't a big deal but if you are bringing older guests it could pose a problem because the seats are low to the ground and very small. Anyway, we ordered our food and waited. The wait was normal considering we are expecting perfection. I ordered the 20oz bone in ribeye. I requested medium rare with no char and what I got was medium well with alot of char. The steak was tough and not flavorful at all. Considering this is a steak place owned by Gordan Ramsay, I expected way better. My girlfriend ordered the beef wellington and she really enjoyed it. The sides we ordered were the fingerling potatoes and the asparagus. The potatoes were overcooked and tasted burned also. The asparagus was bland. Nothing about this place was worth the $160 bill besides the service. . . . ******** I changed my rating on this review because the manager sent me an apology and invited me back to try this place again. I have never seen a restaurant care so much about their reputation that they would go to this extreme to ensure you are satisfied. Highly recommended.
In the fabulous Paris Hotel lies Gordon Ramsay's new "Steak" restaurant.   Being a huge fan of Hell's kitchen and knowing next week's winner will be the new head chef at Steak, we looked forward to checking it out and having the ultimate Ramsay experience.   And, we were treated so special...  We let the hostess know we were celebrating our 15th wedding anniversary and she made sure we had a fabulous table with a good view of the "pass."   However, I must admit we were a bit overwhelmed in the beginning of our lovely evening.  Our waiter seemed a bit pretentious and made a daring attempt to talk us into an expensive bottle of Californian wine.  When he failed, he sent over the Sommelier who took his shot.  We are not fans of domestic wines and prefer imports.  It took a while, but we were finally in charge of the "iPad" used as the wine list and we found a Malbec that we thoroughly enjoyed.   And, then there's the huge steak display wheeled out with a very long dissertation about each cut and Ramsay's preference.   As well, there is a special menu for two that is covered and comes with a parting gift of the menu and Gordon's photo.  I think this is all a bit much.  You don't feel you have time to look over the menu and savor the thought of each bite you might be taking - part of the fun of dining out.   Finally, with our choices made and ordered, which included onion soup, beef wellington, kobe strip steak, haricot verts and spinach gratin, we began to enjoy the life of the restaurant.  It is well-designed with something for everyone.  There are areas that seem more formal, which is where we were seated, more causal tables, a barstool-type sitting area, and tables upstairs with a view of the entire room.   Color is a striking red, which I love and the ceiling is a huge interpretation of the red and blue English flag with a free-style red argon-style light chandelier.  Tables are well-placed, not too close to each other, but one improvement could be made - which was agreed upon by us and our waiters..... the music is too LOUD.  I do not want to compete with  music and our conversation and I don't want the waiter to have to shout at me.   The place has a hip and cool vibe, but loud music doesn't make it so.  It's not required or desired by most.   But, let's get back to the food - it was delicious!!!   I ordered the house special steak sauce as an accompaniment to my steak and it was so tasty.  It almost reminded me of a Memphis BBQ sauce, but a little more smokey.   The English version of a French onion soup was sooooo good.  What a way to start off your meal!   And, the bread tray with Devonshire cream butter was fantastic.   The Wellington was cooked to perfection and John really enjoyed it.  Me, not so much...... sorry I don't like rare meat or pate.  My steak, which according to the waiter, is Ramsay's choice, was delicious.  I ordered it medium and for the most part it was cooked to my liking, until I got to the middle which was rare - just the way my hubby likes it - so he had an added bonus to his plate :)   The haricot verts (a french green bean I love to cook) was surprisingly battered with a light tempura and fried - very yummie!   The spinach was good - I liked the crispy, cheesy topping, but a bit too creamy for me overall.   We were so full, we opted to wait for desert and cocktails at another location later in the evening.   The only surprising thing for me was the bathroom - he, he - only girls would care.......  It is VERY tiny.  In fact, the doors to the stalls almost hit the toilet when opened and they are very narrow.  So, if your a bit oversized, I'm not sure you could even get in there.  Very weird.  And, it was not very elegant - something you just expect in a high-end restaurant.  Oh well, in & out is what you'll want to experience from that standpoint.   But, we had a great time.  Oh, another thing that was so surprising is how CALM the chefs and the pass is - it is nothing like the show Hell's kitchen.  There is no one looking like they are confused or lost.  They all look like they are on vacation, running a well-oiled machine.  I'm sure that's the way it is suppose to be, but it was funny - not what you would expect knowing Ramsay's expectations and flamboyant style!
Wonderful service. To die for mac and cheese ( I am not a mac and cheese fan), delicious Strawberry martini's, and almost tied with my favorite desert of all time... Sticky Toffee Pudding. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the filet was not the best I have had, not close. It was good, but for the price I expected exceptional.
The food was truly out of this world. I will probably never eat a better pieece of meat in my life. I was excited for the experience of visiting one of his acclaimed restaurants especially since I'm such a fan of Hell's Kitchen.. . My two points of disappointment was the wait. We had reservations and still had a pretty lengthy wait. Also the service at the beginning of the meal was terribly slow. It was a good 25 minutes before we even placed our order. I don't care how good the food is, anyone is bound to lose their appetites with slow service like that. But the waiter was very fun and friendly.
3.5 the name and the service made me round up. Soooooooo the wait.......45 minute wait with reservations ended up eating close to 11 pm. . . That said the specialty drinks were nice. Not great. The Hell's Kitchen drink was good but very weak and the strawberry martini was like any other. Sugar inside Paris has better drinks. . . The hostesses are a little aloof and you have to stay on top of them or they will forget your table! The wait staff however was so well trained. Professional but not snooty enough to not know how to deal with star struck diners. Ipads as menu's is a little much but it added to the cutting edge London vibe of the place. I kinda likened the inside to a flash back from Austin Powers but with a very modern vibe. . . Alright now the food. It was sooooo late I couldn't order my beef wellington b/c it was about a 45 min wait for one. I didnt want to eat anything too heavy either and ended up getting an appetizer as an entree I got the chorizo stuffed lobster tail.Tiny.....and chorizo stuffed is really more like a chorizo broth. My bf on the other hand didnt mind eating a pound of meat near midnight. He got the new york strip steak and a side (Which I absolutely can't remember??? potatoes maybe? uneventful in any case) He ordered the steak medium it was defintley medium rare....a little black and blue with too much char for my taste but he enjoyed it. And we split the Blue Cheese Mac n Cheese as an appetizer. The mac was AMAZING. The best mac I have EVER had in my whole life. Last we had a toffee pudding with caramel sauce. It was super late so we took most of it home in the cutest to go bags. It too was pretty amazing. . . In summation. Waiters great. Hosts lame. Bartenders (oh cause you'll be sitting there a while) are more interested in their tips than anything else. Food is good but pricey. For the price you pay I prefer Mesa's (Mr. Flay's) steak. it was about 175 for two people, two apps one side a dessert and two drinks oh and a bottle of water ;) nice experience though
During our recent trip to Vegas my husband and I booked our anniversary dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak for 7:00 PM on a Tuesday. We arrived on time and were told our table was not yet ready and that we could wait in the lounge. Once inside, we discovered the restaurant was quite small and the lounge packed full of people eating dinner without a reservation. There was also not an empty seat to be found at the bar nor any room to move about. We finally got lucky and snagged a dirty corner table in the lounge. After 5 minutes a waitress brought over an iPad and asked if we'd like to order drinks, but she never returned. We waited another 10 minutes and finally someone else came to fetch us and showed us to our table.. . We were taken around the corner to a half booth/half table, and we might as well have joined the patrons next to us, as literally I could have reached out and helped myself to their bread basket. There was nothing intimate or romantic about this meal. The music was as loud as a nightclub and we could barely hear each other across the table from one another. We had more room and privacy at the lounge table.. . Once again our server brought over the iPad and asked about drinks, and again I placed an order for $14 cocktails (Pimm's Cup). I thought it was decent and pretty strong, but my husband didn't care for it and afterward he ordered an iced tea ($7!!!) Our server drug over a huge metal pedestal cart full of the different cuts of meat, but I could not hear a word he said over the loud music. He also seemed completely checked out and had to drag that huge meat tray around to five other tables near us and give the same speech over and over. I ordered the Beef Wellingon ($54) and my husband the Duet of Lamb ($48) (lamb chop and shepherd's pie) with a side of Mac & Cheese ($13). We ordered Kobe Beef Sliders ($18) to start as we were warned the Wellington would take 45 minutes to cook. The sliders came out quickly, but were tiny (only two) albeit tasty, but ouch the price tag for only a bite each. The bread plate was also great and the sea salt butter was a nice touch.. . The main courses were out of this world! The small amount of potato puree that came with the Beef Wellington was amazing. I wanted to lick the plate. The meat melted in my mouth and the pastry was delicious and flaky. I had been dying to try it being a fan of Hell's Kitchen and watching them make it every week/season. My husband's lamb chop was lovely and the shepherd's pie was quite good as well. We were both disappointed with the Mac & Cheese and quite frankly have had better elsewhere.. . We followed up the meal with Sticky Toffee Pudding ($14), and Oh. My. God. Life changing. I don't think I have had a better desert anywhere ever. The cake was moist, the brown butter ice cream salty and sweet, and oh that little tiny pitcher of liquid brown sugar toffee-- to die for.. . The atmosphere and service of this place blows. Who wants to eat a fancy fine dining meal in a nightclub sitting basically on the lap of the person next to you in another party?! It's obvious the goal is to pack you in like a sardine and turn the table over as soon as possible. There was no personalized service or attention and we were just one of many. About five different people brought us our food, drinks, bread, etc. The patrons were in all manner of dress from tracksuits and jeans/shorts to cocktail dresses and business casual. Of course, it's Vegas so I suppose that is to be expected just odd to see in a "fine dining" restaurant.. . In the end I have to say that the food itself almost makes up for most of the shortcomings though it seems they definitely have some kinks to work as far as getting folks seated on time, returning to take drink orders, turning the music down, and spacing out the tables. Also, there was no Gordon nor Christina to be found (just in case you were wondering). I get the feeling his name was just slapped on the marquee and she is probably rarely there for anything other than appearance sake. The pricing is also confusing. The menu online has one set of prices, but once you're actually there it is several dollars more for each item and then there is a third price if you are a Total Rewards member which we are.. . This is not the kind of place for a relaxing and romantic anniversary dinner, which they made no mention of even though they asked when the reservation was made. Previously I didn't expect anything, but we had dined at Hubert Keller's Fleur the night before and the bar was set high. There we were wished a happy anniversary several times in addition to being presented with a special desert which was very impressive. Gordon Ramsay? Nada.. . If this place is still open next time we're in Vegas, I'd order desert to go or possibly just eat it at the bar or in the lounge, loud music and all.. Other than that, I don't think we will drop another $200 + in this place again. Still, I gave it an extra star because the food was delicious.
Don't get me wrong- the steak was absolutely Sex on a plate!. . I am stopping short at 4 stars merely because the noise level and size of the small table we were seated at made the experience little uncomfortable. We were seated upstairs against the railing at a small round table. With bread, a bottle of wine, water and cocktails all at the same time there was so little space that I nearly killed a waiter below with a small plate that slid off the table and came crashing down to the kitchen below narrowly missing a waitstaff.... . Service was spot-on, attentive without being overbearing. I tried to get our waiter to swear at me, asking him to tell me to F_CK OFF Ramsay style off with no avail.... . Started with Onion soup while my girlfriend had a salad. Both excellent. Then onto the tortellini, delicious. Moving on I had the American Kobe Rib Cap - this is the fatty outer edge of a ribeye steak - it was one of the best pieces of meat I've ever ate. The absolute star of the show was my girlfriends American Kobe Filet Mignon. It melted in your mouth like butter and was actually larger than the 8oz promised, I guess it was 10oz. Steak will never be the same for me.. . BOTTOM LINE: Sex on a plate. Not to be missed.
The biggest complaint I have with this place is getting a reservation.  They don't do online reservations b/c they apparently don't know it's 2012. So you have to call. AND you can't just call Paris, you have to call the restaurant, and it's not like the restaurant every picks up the phone..other BIG issue you will get hard busy signals like you used to do in the 1990's. No kidding. You can't even get through.. . Food is exceptional, amazing steak, the fingerling potatoes which typically are super boring are phenomenal [meat and potatoes!!!!! makes this girl happy!]. . I talked my dinner date into the tomato and pickle dressing salad, he was VERY skeptical, looked at me like I was crazy...so we shared it. After his first bite he said "can we order another one?" made me laugh!  That's my favorite thing there so try it- you will surprise yourself that tomatoes and pickles can be so AMAZING.. . I still say this is one of the top 3 steaks I've ever eaten across the country. . . They lost a star b/c of the reservation debacles.
Had to make reservations 2 months in advance, so well worth the advance planning. Great things: excellent service (especially from our SA Andrew!), happening atmosphere, savory onion soup as a starter, a spectacular aged rib cap steak, Beef Wellington, sticky toffee pudding, and spiced apple cake. At $320, this was the second most expensive dinner in our 15 years of marriage & muy delicioso! . . Not great things: a 6 oz lobster tail for $38 ($6.33 a bite???) but that's on me for letting our waiter upsell me an add-on without looking at $, the so-so mac&cheese that would be much better sans blue cheese (see Patti LaBelle's m&c recipe), and music so loud that the table next to us had to leave before they even ordered.. . A review gets 5 stars if I walk away with no regrets. Hence, 4 stars for Chef.
Stunning!  That Wellington is cooked perfectly!! *said with british accent*. . Yep, I did it.  I finally got a Ramsey Wellington.  And, it was all that!!. . The interior is fantastic, it's a mix of upscale/contemporary/chic laid out in fantastic oval with a balcony overlooking part of the dining and bar areas.  A large hanging neon art piece suspended from the painted British flag ceiling models Chef Gordon Ramseys hands as he prepares a Wellington, obviously his signature dish, it's great that the restaraunt which has his name infuses also his culture and himself.  Bravo.. . I'll shop short at a 5 (I'd actually go 4.5 if I could), I did expect a bit more meaty items on the appetizer list, rather mostly seafood.. which is great to accompany your steak, but what if you already where lined up for seafood?  Or what if you dont like seafood?  We ddi get the oysters on the half shell and they were as expected.  The only other thing was that, although the app for ordering drinks was on an Ipad (how cool is that) it tends to freeze up and is kind of hard to use. . . But, this place should definately be on your Vegas to do list if you like Steak!
When we arrived in Las Vegas I had the concierge at the hotel make a reservation for us.  Reservations were limited so we had to dine early.  I was not estatic about the way we were greeted at the front of the house.  However, our servers, Jolen and Ted were excellent.  We especially liked Ted, although both definately took care of us.  Service was subperb.  My husband had the wellington and I had steak.  Both were good.  What brought the mean up a notch was the sides.  We ordered the roasted fingerling potatoes and the sauteed mushrooms.  Without the sides, it would only have been three stars.. . My husband had the caeser salad to start, and said it was nothing special.  I had the market salad, and it was good, but nothing over the top.  I would go back--especially for the fabulous service.
It was work getting a reservation, they are booked pretty solid and one has to call the Paris switchboard to get to reservations.. . When we got there there were half a dozen hostesses in ridiculous ill-fitting mesh outfits.  They walked us though a tube which she informed us in a monotone that it was a weak replication of the chunnel.. . The restaurant was cramped, busy and loud.  Our table faced the kitchen so we asked to move.. . Our new table was upstairs and fun.  We got to witness a fight at the bar down stairs which a waiter pointed out to us.  Awesome.. . We started with the signature onion soup, ravioli, and a Caesar.  The soup was weird, the rav great, and the salad ok.  The steaks were brought out on a ridiculous cart and were shown with fanfare.. . The taste was worth the show.  The steak was great and the Wellington awesome which earned Gordo a good above.
We were in Vegas for a week.  Ran into a woman in the elevator who raved about this place.  Decided to try it out.  Boy, what an amazing experience!!!!! My husband ordered the porterhouse, which was good (very good) but not super great.  I ordered the Kobe filet and it was awesome.  Could cut it with a butter knife.  Slightly pricey.  What was a joy though was the service we received from Donnie and Mouhamadu.  Courteous, attentive and went above and beyond what you usually get in restaurants these days.  Thank you soooo much to these fine young men.  Worth the price!!!!
Can't help but see it with the tall sign with giant block letters GORDON inside the Paris casino floor.. . We only stayed for some beers and appetizers, but they were great.  The kobe beef sliders were tasty (if not very tiny).  The small draft selection has some interesting IPAs and stouts.. . The service at the bar was excellent - they are upbeat and very helpful.. . I'd come back again, either for a full meal, or as a short stop before the night really begins.
4.5 stars.  The decor is nice and modern.  Very cute touch to include the Chunnel which one would take to travel from Paris to London.  They provide an i-Pad for you upon seating to review the beverage selections, which I appreciated, but my 69 year old father found to be confusing.  Definitely marketing towards the younger, hipper crowd.. . They provide 4 different types of bread to sample, which was nice -- my favorite may have been the walnut bread.  Sides are generous portions served family-style.  We tried the potato puree, brussel sprouts, mushrooms, and a loaded baked potato for a party of three.  I loved the brussel sprouts, but I'm a huge fan.  The potato puree could have been richer with more cream and/or butter and seasoned a bit more.  The mushrooms were fine, but unremarkable.. . Thankfully, the steak was the standout.  We each ordered a Prime filet cooked medium rare and each was cooked  and seasoned to perfection.  After consuming all that bread and the main course, I was glad we decided to bypass the appetizers to make room for the sticky pudding -- by far the best bread pudding I've ever had!  We shared one among the three of us.  And when my sister casually remarked that we were there for my birthday, they kindly (and under-statedly) provided a candle on my plate to celebrate my big day.  Thanks for making it a great birthday dinner!!
I wanted so much to give this restaurant 5 stars. Unfortunately, the steaks weren't worthy of the rating.. . First, the positives.  The sticky toffee pudding was the best dessert that we have ever eaten.  The service was outstanding.  Our server Donnie (whose name I forgot in my original review) was knowledgeable, helpful and unpretentious.  A server worthy of a 5 star restaurant.  We were never rushed but never ignored.  The clams on the 1/2 shell and shrimp cocktail with cocktail sauce foam were perfect.  . . The steaks, however, were merely good.  My fiance's filet mignon was undercooked and, when returned, was a bit tough and tasteless.  My bone in ribeye was very well seasoned but also tough. I have had better steaks at the Capitol Grill in Detroit.. . In all, the restaurant is very good.  I was hoping for better.
So we ate here the other night and overall it was definitely a good experience.. Going to a restaurant like this, I think most people have some kind of basic expectations and for the most part,  mine were met.. . First of all, we were late for our reservation and there was no issue with it whatsoever.. . We arrived and were seated 2 minutes later. The service is excellent from the ladies out front, to the waiters and bus boys. The inside is lively and trendy and it just has that fun atmosphere when you can sit for a long time,  drink and hang out.. . Of everything we ordered, the beet salad and my beef wellington were the standout items. In fact the beef welly was amazing. Toffee pudding? Amazing. Fingerling potatoes? not amazing. Fried green beans? Not amazing. The french coffee with chocolate spoons? - Very awesome. Lick-the-spoon-clean awesome.. . You even get to see the Hell's Kitchen winner Chef Christina doing her thing.. . What I don't get is how a restaurant of this quality can't throw together a vegetarian meal on the fly. Yes yes i know, steak house, vegetarian, mind blown, i get it.. . If this was applebees and they told me they can't do sushi? Fine, my expectations are low to begin with. When you're going to a place with a chef that can cook while being called a donkey and a muppet on national television, I expect them to be able to throw together a decent vegetarian dish. The vegetarian risotto that my gf received was basically not great. I tried it. It was left there half eaten. I've been to very few high end restaurants that couldn't do a good alternative for the non meat eaters.. . The meats that came out were amazing. The non meat stuff was just alright.
Ate dinner here on 11/30.. . quick review.. . The good: food was delicious. I had the Beef Wellington, she had  the steak. Prices were as expected. The wait staff is EXCEPTIONAL. Truly awesome service.  The date cake and ice cream dessert was pretty amazing. . . The Ho Hum: The Beef Wellington is much smaller than it appears on the TVshow. The BW came with 3 - 4 small cubes of roasted vegetables, like the size of sugar cubes. I expected the size, but pictures clearly showed a bit more quantity. We knew we had to order extra sides which we had and they were delicious.(fried green beans and truffle mac and cheese)  Drinks were not very strong, I had to order an extra shot just to taste the alcohol in my drink.  The music is too loud in the dining area. . . . To the idiot drunk at the next table: It is not appropriate to touch and play with the meat on the meat display cart. It isn't funny and they should have thrown you out when you tried to rape the porterhouse in front of that table of women. I was surprised the staff just let him behave this way.
We didn't have any reservation as they were full when I called but was advise that the bar is open and serves full menu so we took our chances, boyfriend was hesitant to sit at the bar (just not the kind of set up he wanted for my birthday dinner especially at a steakhouse but I insisted). But we found a table at the end and move.. . Now on to the food, we got the seafood platter - amazing! Very fresh and it'll take you to the bay atleast that's how I felt. They only have one lobster thou, it would have been nice to have 2 anyways now off to our entree we opt for his beef Wellington (not the bf choice but since that was his signature dish he did) and it was good, very tender. Would I order it again, I think not. . . Overall it was an awesome experience, would have loved it if he "GR" was there!
I literally am only reviewing this place because it has one of hte best desserts i've ever eaten.  The toffe sponge cake with brown butter ice cream is hands down perfect.  I like that they try to give a feel for why the construction is the way it is when you walk in.  The chandelier is an artists interpretation of how gordon ramsays hands move when cooking a dish.  and the entrance is supposed to be like a chunnel.  The star is removed because when I told the waiter I was vegetarian he looked at me with a really weird face like I was an idiot for coming to a steak house.  Hey I can't choose where my friends want to go.  plus they usually have vege sides which are amazing.  Also we ordered a couple appetizers and desert as no one was too hungry.  The dessert came first then the appetizers.  I mean really isn't that resto 101.  Serve the dishes in the proper course order?  But despite that the dessert was so good I would overlook them trying to sit an elephant at our table, as long as it wasn't eating my dessert.
Great food, but the bartenders need to learn a thing or two.
Trendy modern design . Would recommend reservations; no dress code other than no tank tops. Diverse beef offerings, rolled up right to your table so you can see the cuts before you decide . Split the porterhouse for two- perfect size, very tender, a little too charred, didn't need any side sauce. Fingerling potatoes, Parmesan spinach, Mac n cheese were very tasty sides- size of sides is on the "smaller" size compared to other steak houses, but the taste & quality are on point. S'mores cheesecake was so good- heavenly & not too sweet; also a bit on the smaller side compared to other places, but delicious . Service- attentive at times, but also distracted; a tad condescending (he made sure I noted that the sides were all a la carte- um, I got it, I can read & I've been to  other fine steak houses before, thank you!). House tap water is good thanks to reverse osmosis lol. Bonus- got to meet chef Ramsay himself & got a photo as he mingled with diners and checked in on the kitchen.. I would come back, over all a very nice meal with quality and taste at the forefront
Nom nom NOM!!!!! Everything was amazing...except for the service. Let me explain...as a high end restaurant, especially owned by Gordon Ramsay, who is HUGE on service and perfection, this was a big let down. I made reservations 2 months in advance, at 5pm, when the restaurant supposedly opened. On that day, we walked in at 4:50, and was told to wait inside. Okay, sure no problem. We walked in with no idea where to go or where to stand...no one walked us in or gave us any updates on whether our table would be ready or not. We watched as other groups who were just "walk-ins" get seated by smiling hostesses immediately and served. 5:05 rolls around and wait a second, for such a classy restaurant, wouldn't you at least have someone let us know why we weren't seated at our reservation time? I had a friend actually LEAVE our group because he was insulted (overdramatic? I'm not too sure...) and I had to go outside remind the hostesses that we were still there.. . The hostess there gave no apology, kept insisting that we came early (um, hello, so? It's still past our reservation time...and shouldn't customer be always right?) and pretty much shooed me away. We were already pretty insulted, and feeling awkward from my friend walking off. A hostess finally came over and led us to our table, but not before presenting Gordon Ramsay's pretty sculpture on the ceiling and walking off. We didn't know if we should follow her or not until she was all the way up the stairs...oops. . . After we were sat down, it took a while for our waiter to come around and get our menus. Then it took a while for the waiter to take our order. Then it took a while....well, basically, I feel like being up the stairs made it harder for the waiters to come over, and when they did, the entire upstairs was saturated with them. It was always either too crowded or too empty.. . Luckily, as it got more towards a normal dinner time (6ish?), the service got more consistent (more people near our area means the waiters need to come around more yes?) and service was much better. Food was ALL good...right down to the complimentary free bread with butter and volcanic sea salt. Beef was tender, seafood was cooked to perfection, and OMG the toffee pudding is definitely one of its kind! Even the brussel sprouts had generous giant slabs of high quality bacon.. . Overall, food is great, atmosphere is wow, and waiters/servers were nice towards the end...but the attitude I got from the reservations/front desk was not something I'd expect from Gordon Ramsay.
Oh Gordon Ramsay you are delicious but pricey! But that was expected! Let me start by saying the service here is absolutely amazing. They treat you the way you should be treated when spending your hard earned cash! Our waitress was fabulous. I'm talking walked us to the bathroom when we asked where it was, put up w us wanting to switch tables andtake pictures of everything with a huge smile, waited until we got back from the bathroom to set the food in front of us and explain it to us, and switched out our bread that we wanted to take to go with a fresh new batch kind of fabulous. The Martinis were fresh and delicious. The complimentary bread basket was delicious especially that fig bread oh my we shamefully kept asking fo more lol. Now onto the main courses. The rib eye was melt in my mouth fatty fabulousness. Sadly I did not like the macaroni and cheese plate. I dunno I prefer creamy hearty mac and cheese over bland with bread crumbs and they mixed some vegetables in it. It tasted "unique" by no means was it bad at all but compared to everything else it was just whatev. The decor was awesome. I wish I was rich and could come back here more often. the bill for the two of us was over 200. but we did two drinks each. my friend loved his food too he got some type of seafood sorry dont remember! i tried his french onion soup and it was yummy! i def recommend this restaurant for a special occasion or if youre ballin at the casino or just want a really great memory! Words of the wise MAKE A RESERVATION months before!!!! they were completely booked when we went!!! we managed to sit in the bar area which my friend and i actually agreed the seats looked comfier and it was a bettter view of the overall restaurant but if you have more than two people u will def want a reservation or you will miss out!
I was told before coming to Vegas to book early and not a buffet on Christmas Day.  Which was great advice because many of the good buffets in Vegas had people in line waiting for four hours or more on Christmas.  So prior to coming I made reservations through yelp for Gordon Ramsey Steak inside Paris Hotel.. . I arrived about 15 minutes before my reservation for 6:45pm.  We weren't seated till 7:00pm but I let it slide due to the fact it was Christmas.  In front there is about five or six tall brunettes that seat guests. As they direct guests to their tables,  guests walk thru the tunnel into the Steakhouse and one of the brunettes will say "You have been transported from Paris to London".  Then she proceeds to take you to your table.  . Great, I'm in London. (Music is thumping) Is London always this loud?  Don't take mom here for Mother's Day... Ambiance is more for a younger party crowd.. . The server came promptly with an iPad to order drinks.  The water and drinks come very quick.  The service is what you'd expect from a fine dining restaurant.  Here's what we ordered:. . Shellfish Platter $75: this came out on a three tier platter.  It had Tiger Prawns, King Crab, Lobster Tail, Clams, and Oysters.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  There were about four dipping sauces to choose from.  . . Mac & Cheese $12:  every famous chef, steakhouse, soul food restaurant, etc have their own version of this dish.  Gordon Ramsey has a good version.  Not the best but good nonetheless.  Interesting to me while in Vegas is that Mac & Cheese is close to $20 at many places.  But Gordon keeps it reasonable with his prices all around for the most part.. . Beef Wellington $52:  tender is the first word that comes to mind.  It's a nice amount of medium rare meat roasted in the pastry.  I'd give it 4 stars.. . Bone-in Ribeye $58:  this was the best part of our meal.  Tender, delicious, juicy 24 once steak.  I know the Beef Wellington is Gordon's specialty and its difficult to make yadda yadda, but the ribeye out shines the Wellington.  It's the Beyonce out shining the rest of Destinys Child.  Boootylicious.. . One bad note is the restroom looks like I really was transported to a London Pub Restroom, dirty and yuck.  Just hold it till you get back to your suite.  . . Total bill was around $216. It's pricey but less than many of the other steakhouses in Vegas.  Excellent service, good food, and worth trying.
The steak here are phenomenal:. . *24 oz Bone-in Rib Eye: extremely flavorful and delicious. *8 oz Kobe filet: also a great choice. *Japanese 5AKobe: best steak I've ever eaten in my life. It melts in your mouth, really. Expensive though, $30/oz hurts my wallet a little . . Sides:. . *Pan Seared Foie Gras: the first bite: yummy, 2nd bite: still good but a little too rich now, 3rd bite: ok, can't eat this anymore. *Bone Marrow: a disappointment. *Mushroom: flavorful but a bit too salty. . Dessert:. . You must get the toffee pudding, don't even think twice about it
This is an excellent restaurant, though not without its faults. It's expensive for sure, and not a place I'd eat regularly for that reason - I find other spots nearby offer good steaks at much lower prices - but I'm happy to splurge from time to time.. . All the steaks are quite excellent, cooked perfectly, and nicely seasoned. The sides are very interesting and unique - I especially enjoy the potato puree. For desert, the Toffee Pudding is ridiculously awesome, and almost worth the trip just for that.. . In my two visits, I found the staff at the front desk to be pretty cold. The first time, we arrived on time for our reservation, but waited more than 30 minutes to be seated, and they didn't seem to much care. Once inside, the wait staff was great, and took care of all our needs.
We decided on Gordon Ramsay Steak for Christmas Eve Dinner. Unfortunately, I was not feeling well and settled for a bowl of soup instead of a big meal. Went with the French Onion Soup and it was delicious.. We were a party of 8 and sat upstairs in a nice room. Half of our group was very late for our reservation but they let us sit down on time and wait for them. We ordered a few drinks while we waited. The service was great up until we actually received our meals. Our server came over a minute after our food was served to check on us and then disappeared along with everyone else that works there apparently. We finished our meals and sat and waited (drinks empty) a good 10 minutes before we had a busser come up to us to clear some plates. We had to ask him to get our server so we could get a check. We waited a few more minutes and finally he came and asked if we wanted desert. Then we had to wait a few more minutes for our check. I didn't think it was overly busy but even if it was that is no excuse for waiting that long.. Besides the service, the food was great. Everyone loved their meals and they raved about the steaks. My soup was really good. As with every fancy restaurant on the strip, especially the ones with celebrity chef names attached, the prices were a bit ridiculous.. Nice menu, good atmosphere and shaky service.
Great food but overpriced. There are many more restaurants that have better food for less money. If you absurdly rich then don't worry about the value.  If not, then consider eating at Bouchon or Mon Ami Gabi.. . The wine pours are so week that I thought they were giving me a taste to see if I liked it....nope! It was disappointing but fun to eat at a Ramsey steakhouse.  The service was exceptional and the interior was gorgeous!!
Great service, free pastries with bacon bits inside. Beef wellington steak is cooked perfectly and highly recommended.
Awesome setting and great food. The breads they serve in the beginning are awesome. I also had the onion soup, rib eye steak, and the fingerling potatoes as a side. The steak was definitely one of the best that I've ever had. The beef quality was great. They also use some special sauce with mustard seeds on the steak that just makes it taste even better. The soup was real good but the flavor was a bit strong. Fingerling potatoes were ok I would say their taste were pretty much neutral with the steak. The place is a bit on the pricey side but I knew that going in of course. Was definitely a great dining experience.
Whenever I show up to Vegas with the girlfriend and if we stay for at least two nights, I always try to go to an upscale steakhouse. This recent trip to Vegas a few weeks ago was no different.. . I'm not sure how other reviewers are saying that you can't make a reservation through OpenTable but I did and just to be sure called to confirm. Just to be triple-sure I showed up to Paris a day early to ask about the reservation and the hostess (though she didn't seem too friendly) confirmed it as well. So a big YES you can make reservations through OpenTable and it will be honored.. . When we showed up, we didn't wait long before being seated (we were about 10 minutes early). . . If you are coming here for an intimate dinner, you might want to look elsewhere. The way the restaurant is set up (at least on the bottom floor) is done so that you are literally one-arm's-length from the table next to you; which to me is a little too close for comfort. . . Like Cut, they will show you examples of the various steaks available and the impressive marbling on each. We settled on a side of spinach, 1x bone-in ribeye and 1x beef wellington - both medium rare.. . The food: the spinach was so-so for me, and the beef wellington, while excellent, all paled in comparison to the rib-eye, which was absolutely tender, delicious, and just about melted in your mouth.. . Having been to several of these kinds of steakhouses over the years it really comes down to three things: Service, Ambiance, and Food. While Gordon Ramsey Steak does an excellent job with the Service and Food aspect, I wasn't terribly  impressed with the ambiance. While it's definitely nice inside, it's not really meant for a romantic setting between you and a significant other.. . However, with a ribeye this good this place definitely is worth another try sometime in the future.
Stepping into Ramsey is like taking a location warp from Paris to London. Decor is one of a fancy uk pub with short skirt tall woman (not necessarily a bad thing) taking you to your table. You are greeting by a team of folks and one has you an ipad with the wine list. Too bad the ipad froze often so no wine for me.. . The feeling is that Ramsey aims for you to eat with your eyes first. Presentation is very chic and modern. I can see the Hells kitchen chef was actually cooking my meal as the kitchen is very open.. . Bread basket was amazing with the volcanic salt and charcoal butter.. . The deconstructed beet and salad with heirloom tomatoes was the most refreshing of all the appetizers of all four restaurants. Great!. . The steak was slightly over cooked but had decent flavor throughout. The presentation was pretty to look at.. . The french press coffee with Amaretto, Bailey, and Chombord liquour chocolate mixture was very impressive.
Steak was good but very pricey. Also you need to pay for water and its very expensive.
Great dining experience from start to finish. Service was on point from the cute hostesses, to the bartenders, to the servers and their assistants. Everybody just looked so sharp in their uniforms. Loved it!. . We started out at the bar and were immediately greeted with a welcoming smile. Idk why but it surprises me when a bartender in Vegas is super friendly off the bat. Especially a female one at that. Not to say they are all rude, but more nonchalant. . . Anyhow, I was feeling dirty...dirty martini that is and I always request blue-cheese olives if they are available. I was told they have an olive burger instead. It's an olive halved longways, stuffed with blue cheese, bacon, and a cocktail onion. Freakin' genius!! That one little piece of garnish made my night. I'm still in awe thinking about it.. . When we got to our table, our servers did a great job of explaining the menus, different cuts of meat and pointing out the signature dishes. I had the Beef Wellington which was very good but I can't help but compare it to another restaurant's version which set the bar really high for Beef Wellington. Had I had this version first, it would easily be my favorite. He had a seafood medley type of dish that I was actually getting pretty jealous of. He let me have a couple bites of the diver scallop and it was incredible. Perfectly seared with just the right amount of lemon cooked into it. The mac and cheese dish was outstanding as well. Lately, mac and cheese has been disappointing but this one was one of the best I've ever had. I almost forgot to mention, the bread was awesome, as well as the Kobe sliders we started out with. My only complaint was they were tiny. I could put the whole thing in my mouth in one bite--and no, not trying to brag here!. . We finished off with coffee that came with flavored spoons. Amaretto, Baileys, and Chambord. Those were too cool. They were labeled ABC, respectively. We went for the sticky toffee pudding which was nothing short of excellent. Sticky, buttery, moist with a side of ice cream that was molded to look like a slab of butter. It was the perfect ending to our dinner.
I almost feel as if I know Gordon Ramsay after watching his endless parade of hit television programs in my living room.  The one constant I have learned about Gordon over the years, would be his passion for perfection.  I thought I would finally get to experience a small slice of this during my long awaited visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas last night... but it didn't quite happen that way.   . . You see, although the food was very good, and the service was more than adequate, a certain WOW factor was missing.. . Lets start with the atmosphere.  It doesn't much look like a steak house, but rather a bold, trendy, neo- modernistic pub I guess.  The ceiling was festooned  with an enormous, in-your-face Union Jack whilst red glowing intestines dangled below to pass as a chandelier of some sort.  The music was much too loud for a fine dining type experience and the bare table  look, although trendy, is just not proper for fine dining.  The iPad cocktail menu was right at home though and the eye-candy hostesses with back seam stockings were somewhat of a show on their own.  . . I got the impression the waitstaff were hired on merit of looks alone as they seemed a bit awkward and were quite literally tripping over one-another.  They  would almostcertainly be more comfortable as models rather than order takers.  I also got the distinct impression they were trying a bit too hard to turn tables.   The first such clue was a stern admonishment that the Wellington would take quite a while coming out of the kitchen and it may be wise to make another selection.  The second clue would have been the removal of our cocktail glasses without the offering of a second round.  But I guess the kicker would have been the fact that when we did leave, we hadn't gotten two or three steps away and actually bumped into the next guests as they were being ushered to sit down at our uncleaned and un-set former table.. . All the food was probably just a tad under-cooked which is actually fine by me but not so much for my guests.  I thought the taste, temperature and presentation of the food was spot on.  Many will talk about the prices being to lofty but actually at this level, price is dictated more on demand and this place certainly has plenty of that for now.  Gordon could probably hike the prices by another 10% and still have sell-out nights.  The bread served with dinner was probably the most enjoyable course.  There is a certain buttery spread, with just a hint of cheese, provided that has such a perfect taste, texture and finish that it absolutely steals the show.  I was dissapointed to find the Alaskan Halibut was removed from the menu as I thought that would be one of the signature dishes.  Here's a free tip Gordon, update that little fact on the web-site menu so blokes don't turn up wanting a go at the Halibut only to learn is has been 86'd, ok mate?. . I still recommend a visit here though.  Not so much as a steak house to compete with the likes of Ruth's Chris or Mortons, but rather to experience the culture of trendy ambiance, flavor and fashion that has been assembled here with just the right amount of pretentiousness to prove captivating.
Giving it 4 stars but it might be a selfish 4 stars. In all my food adventures I have never had beef wellington. Of course I had heard of it my whole life but I am very wary of ordering steak dishes because I am usually disappointed, always thinking I could have done better myself at home. Being a big fan of The F Word and Kitchen Nightmares and a viewer of, if not as big a fan of, Hell's Kitchen I have been drooling over his beef wellington for years now so when I finally made it to one of his properties I HAD to make his beef wellington my first beef wellington. . . Maybe there was just too much build up. Maybe I just set my hopes too high. Or maybe I am right and there is only so much you can do to a steak no matter how good the cut is. I don;t know. All I know is that it was not all I had hoped it would be.. . Don't get me wrong, it was very good and perfectly cooked and while I have no other wellington experiences to compare it to, it probably is the best beef wellington on the planet but it just wasn't this mind blowing food experience that I thought it was going to be. Kind of like when you were a kid (before they had fine print) and you were so disappointed that your GI Joe glider really didn't glide as well or that your slinky wasn't really as much fun as those kids on TV made you believe it was. I mean it's meat wrapped in pastry, I don't know exactly what I was expecting but that is what I got.. . That being said, the demi-glace that was draped over the mashed potatoes like some sort of dark silken veil was the mind blowing food experience that I thought the wellington was going to be. I was hoping the bartender would pour me a glass of it but I guess they just don't do that for some reason. It was truly amazing and there was not enough of it on the plate and there may not be enough of it on the planet to curb my appetite for it. I want MORE. NOW! I have had demi-glace dreams since that night and have had to buy new boxers more than a few a times since returning from Vegas. . . I also had the pork belly app which was delicious as well. Not the best I have had in Vegas but very very good.. . The restaurant was really not what what I was expecting though. The music was just this side of being uncomfortably loud. The service was good. Not great but good. It was just me and another guy at the bar and while I didn't sit long with an empty glass in front of me it was probably longer than it should have been with only one other customer. I asked my bartender to make me a cocktail that would compliment the wellington and while it was a good cocktail I couldn't really find a common thread with the dish. I think she maybe she was just trained to push that particular cocktail which was on the menu. Usually when I give a bartender free range over my cocktail they showcase a drink they have designed themselves so creatively it was kind of a let down for me. . . I plan on going back in March to give it another shot. Hopefully by then you will be able to order demi-glace by the bowl.
I adore Ramsay! So when I first hear he was finally opening up a restaurant here in fabulous Las Vegas, I was delighted!. . The restaurant itself sits inside of the Paris hotel (how fitting) and the entrance serves as a tunnel into London and transforms into the bar/lounge area. Going further in to the right is the expansive yet nicely spaced dining room. Above the room hangs some type of abstract art resembling Ramsay as he cooks in the kitchen. Don't ask me to explain further, I'm still trying to figure out the piece myself.. . When you're seated and placing your order, a stainless steel cart of meat comes rolling by. All prime cuts served in the restaurant are displayed and your server thoroughly explains the desired cutand preparation. Fancy, I know.  I must say I commend any and all servers who studies their menus. It certainly allows the diner to trust your recommendations.. . I've been there twice now and both times, the service has been superb. I've ordered the French onion soup and lobster chorizo to start. Both divine. The onion soup had a nice bite at the end which cuts the richness of the broth. I love lobster and this appetizer keeps you wanting more. So succulent and cooked to perfection. I could even do without that chorizo.. . My main courses consisted of the bone-in rib-eye, Kobe rib cut and beer braised short ribs.  The boyfriend had the rib-eye and the marbling was near perfection. An even amount of fat running through to deliver the most tender cut yet. I had the rib cut and the server wasn't lying, the fat content truly made the meat rich. I'm not one to be able to eat a whole slab of meat in one sitting. So seeing as the cut was less than 8 oz, I thought I'd be able to go. finish it. I thought wrong. although it was delicious, it was just too much for me.  The braised short ribs were melt in your mouth divine. Smothered over mashed potatoes...the creamy combination of goodness took me by surprise.  One of my favorite dishes.. . Last but not least, dessert. Never can I leave a dining experience without a sweet ending. And a beautiful ending it was. The sticky toffee pudding. Oh my *!!! If I've used the word divine too many times already, I apologize. It was heaven! Scrumptious glob of brown that looks more like bread. But when you cut into it, that sweet, moist, warmth takes over. Ahhhhhh like an orgasm in your mouth. Truly!. . Ok maybe I got ahead of myself. Sorry again. I'll just end it by saying, go to Ramsay's Steakhouse, it's worth it, even just for that pudding. ;)
They have a great selection of protein and every kind of cut you can thing of with great detail and presentation with the meat cart they bring over. My only thing is they should have salads that are in season. Not a Summer salad in Winter.
we are well aware that gordon ramsay steak is infamous for its beef wellington, but what it SHOULD be infamous for is the rib cap. this has to be one of the best steaks i have ever had in my cow-eating career. you can literally cut the meat with a fork it's so tender ($56). the beef wellington ($52) was good, but it was completely outshined by the rib cap! the fisherman's grill literally has the smallest pieces of each fish/crustacean and is not worth the $50 price tag! a fisherman would be insulted! the sauteed mushrooms are worth trying as they have this almost sour taste to them that is odd at first and then addicting and the assorted bread is fabulous!! as for dessert, if you come here and don't order the sticky coffee pudding, you should probably re-evaulate your life, why you were put on this earth, and most of all why you are eating at gordon ramsay steak. cocktails were excellent (ADORE the innovative glassware!!) the ambiance is beautiful and the meat cart... WOW!. . super expensive but if you come here with a friend/date for the rib cap, a side dish and the sticky toffee pudding.... this is the safest bet you can make in vegas!
The food was delicious!  I got the Beef Wellington.  Very tender and sooooo flavorful.  My wife got the filet.  We also had their mac and cheese.  To die for!  Now, don't take this the wrong way, but the place is trendy...not us.  You know, put your napkin on your lap for you, which kind of water would you like?, kind of place.  But the food...oh, the food!
I would like you all to know, that I was contacted by the Manager of Steak this morning directly. She assured me that this is not the level of service to be expected from Steak, and apologized for my experience with Wendy at Caesars. . . She also, helped me secure reservations with full access to the menu and bar selections for my party of 12-14 guests.. . Due to her professionalism I have bumped my review to four stars, saving that last star for our meal. Although, I am confident that it is a forgone conclusion that by the end of august... this will be yet another 5 star review of Gordon Ramsay Steak !
The steaks were worth the money!. . I would've gladly given it a 5 stars if it wasn't for the long hour wait for our rib-eye steaks.  The steaks were delicious, the baked potato was awesome and the service was Gordon Ramsey all the way.  The price wasn't too bad given the fact that a buffet dinner runs around $25 to $35 per person.  Would definitely come back next time I am in Vegas.
ambiance:. . the restaurant was a bit loud. they had music playing, and on top of the conversations and ambient noise, it was a bit much. they have a light sculpture on the ceiling and every time the hostess brings a group in a restaurant, they give a very rehearsed line about how "the light sculpture is an artist's interpretation of gordon ramsay's hand movements while making his signature dish, the beef wellington". it would be a nice anecdote if they didn't say it so... artificially.. . service:. . the service was great. they were very busy (surprising on a monday night), but our meal was paced well. the sommelier, waiter, and bread/water server were very attentive and nice.. . food:. . bread plate: i can't remember the exact description of each bread, but the one in the middle was my favorite. they are this little puff pastry, like a cinnamon roll without the cinnamon, one swirled with pancetta and one with black truffle (my favorite). they brought out enough bread for 1 per person, and then later offered to bring more of what we liked.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=SX27LrRv1c1aj6glpESsZg#SX27LrRv1c1aj6glpESsZg. . smoked beef tartare ($22): "lemon zest, red onion, capers, guinness infused mustard seeds, yukon gold herb chips". a very unusual take on steak tartare. the texture was great, taste was very smokey. they bright it out under a glass cover so you see the smoke inside. it is served with potato chips instead of bread.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#LnIozwhYeRD5XaI7SnEC5g. . maine lobster ($26): "chorizo stuffed maine lobster, butter poached brandied lobster cream sauce, butternut squash" i only had a bite, but there wasn't as much chorizo as i was hoping. very lobster-y.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#z2a9GaHKkr3YghZnC5dz7g. . foie gras ($25): "pan seared foie gras, huckleberry, marcona almonds" best thing i ate all night (but is that really surprising with foie gras?) the little huckleberries went so well with the perfectly seared foie gras. next time we are ordering 2.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#cNIJ18FS896A1vx9KnnQWw. . beef wellington ($54): gordon ramsay's signature dish. i was a bit disappointed to find out it was made coating the steak with mushrooms instead of foie gras. it was very good, the steak was cooked perfectly.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#HOu-7kfaEgBXpzgzFD05_g. . mac and cheese and mushrooms ($13 and $13): "mac and cheese: blue, cheddar, parmesan, truffle" and "sauteed mushrooms: garlic chips, scallions, bonito"the most disappointing part of the meal. the mac and cheese was ok... it had peas in it (very british). i didn't eat much of the mushrooms (a single beef wellington is a lot of food) but they were ok.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#FI4RHKRs3S-dIFGvkBPy5Q. . tempura fried green beans ($12): "haricot vert, tempura fried, confit garlic-citrus aioli" very good, fried green beans. i have had tempura green beans before, but i think the batter on these was the best i have had.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#ukN6QmjN83sXegTgpjj5zg. . coffee flavor spoons (with the french press coffee, $12): these little flavor spoons came with the french press coffee. A = amaretto and white chocolate, B = baileys and milk chocolate, C = raspberry chambord and dark chocolate. a fun little treat.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#iYorH8lJMYDR4F2oE8YOJQ. . sticky toffee pudding ($14): "sweet pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, brown butter ice cream" mmm... so delicious. they bring it out and pour the caramel (brown butter toffee) on top of the cake. it was wonderful, the caramel and cake combined amazingly with the brown butter ice cream (which was cleverly served as a stick of butter).. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA. . overall it was a very fun meal. next time, i would get the beef wellington and sticky toffee pudding again, but instead of all the sides and all the appetizers, i would just get multiple foie gras.. . note: i would recommend getting a reservation at least a month in advance for a decent time. we booked our reservation january 12th for a reservation on february 18th, and got a 6:30 reservation.
Four of us went to celebrate my husband's birthday.  We got a reservation for 9:15pm on a Saturday night, which was good timing in Vegas. We arrived a little early so we had a drink in the lounge. All four of us were a little surprised of the ambiance - not what we were expecting for Ramsay. It's as if he was struggling with creating a great dinner atmosphere with a Vegas night club.  The decor looks very similar to what you see on his tv show, but some of the neon lights and bumping rave music was a little bizarre to us.. . The staff was very friendly and they sat us at a great table near the kitchen.  It was a pretty busy weekend so the waiter was very apologetic about things being slow. However, none of us really felt as if the service was slow at all. They rolled out the table of steaks and the waiter did a great job at explaining all of the cuts.  We each ordered the following: a NY strip, a Porterhouse chop, and two rib-caps.  The Porterhouse is 32oz. but our friend was able to plow through that - so only order if you are big eater!  The staff brought the Porterhouse out when it was cooked to show us what it looked like prior to slicing - we appreciated that. The NY strip was 18 oz. and definitely a good size. Our friend had a little difficulty finishing it. My husband and I ordered the rib-cap. Okay, I actually didn't know they made a cut such as this. I love a rib-eye steak, but sometimes the cut is too big, over 20 oz.  However the rib-cap is actually an 8oz. cut of the most tender (and best marbled) part of the rib-eye. So for me it was an absolute hit. I got my rib-eye (the best part of it) in only 8oz. which was more than enough. My husband who usually doesn't enjoy a lot of marbling in his meat, got this as well and also thought it was amazing. One of the best steaks we've ever had.. . We ordered three sides and had some leftovers: Pureed potatoes, mac and cheese, brussel sprouts with bacon. The potatoes and mac/cheese were amazing but very rich. I had ordered the brussel sprouts because those are usually my favorite side dish - but not so much here. The bacon was undercooked as were the sprouts. I usually like my bacon very crispy and cut into little pieces for this dish. Instead, there were large thick pieces of bacon that looked steamed rather than sauteed or fried. The sprouts were underdone too.. . Dessert...For my husband's birthday they brought out the sticky toffee pudding cake and brown butter ice cream: TO DIE FOR. We shared it as a table and it was more than enough for all of us. This is definitely worth getting.. . Fabulous staff, service and food - so why the four stars rather than five?. It was so loud in that place that we couldn't even hear our waiter.  I don't mind noisy and fun, upbeat restaurants, but this brought it to a new level. Someone else had commented on this in a review and I remember thinking that they were overreacting - uh, no. It really was way too loud. My throat hurt after I was screaming/talking to my friends at the table or asking the staff to repeat themselves because we couldn't hear them.. . Overall, it was a fun time and a perfect place for celebrating with friends.
Rib Cap Steak was so~~~~~delicious
"Nearly As Hawt As Me". . It was a nice evening so I parked across the street. I rode the elevator from the parking garage, cut through the casino and made my way outside. The fountains were still, tourists waiting with cameras for the show to begin. I was wearing a white Honolua shirt with tan Dockers and brown New Balances. I had just worked out and looked unbelievably sexy, so much so that I had almost cancelled dinner in favor of staying home to stare at myself in the mirror. But friends were in town from back East so my narcissism would have to wait. . . I crossed The Strip behind a sculpted Milfer, then swung left at Miracle Mile. It was a short jaunt from there and I strode in the side entrance of Paris Hotel/Casino. I winked at my reflection in a hallway mirror and hit the main room. Somewhat busy but not too bad, enough to have fun, not enough to feel smothered. I was early so I dropped a twenty in a Wheel of Fortune machine. I quickly doubled my money and cashed out. . . I toured the gaming area while searching for Gordon Ramsay. As I walked I passed Mon Ami Gabi, instantly remembering having eaten there years ago. Eventually, I spotted my destination and stopped at the greeting stand. Two nearly-as-hawt-as-me brunettes in skintight black attire plastic-smiled me and asked if I had a reservation. I said no, that I was meeting some people at the bar. They told me to go right in. I stud-muffined by another Robert Palmer Addicted To Love chickie dressed in black, deflecting her mannequin-like rictus with little damage. . . It was dark inside the bar, and I slowly scanned the patrons. I hadn't seen these friends in nearly 20 years so I wasn't sure they had remained as attractive as I had; therefore, I was fearful of not recognizing them. But, alas, I need not have worried. They spotted me immediately and called me over.. . After the requisite hellos and how are yous and you look great nonsense, I sat between them and ordered a seven dollar Stone Pale Ale. We talked about people we knew, the old neighborhood, and our quickly aging selves. As we sipped our drinks I noticed a hairline crack in my glass. I mentioned it to our barman, but not until I had finished the ale. He sincerely apologized and gave me another beer on the house. As we rambled on we looked over the menu. . . Mostly a steak and chop place, the average Gordon Ramsay entree looked to be around 50+ bucks. My companions had already stated that tonight's meal was on them, but I was never one to order something pricey when someone else was footing the bill. So I glossed over the more expensive items and went with a simple roasted chicken breast. My pal went with rib-eye and baked potato and his wife selected foie gras and caesar salad. The restaurant was pretty crowded so we decided to stay at the bar.. . There were three bartenders at the counter. A blonde, a brunette and our man, Oscar. Oscar was the pleasant type, gracious and attentive throughout. When our food came he asked if our drinks were okay and then left us to our meal.. . My chicken was a nice golden brown with some crispy skin on the side. It lay upon a bed of wet wild rice that I wish there had been more of. But the bird tasted good and I supplemented the poultry with a fine assortment of breads. I took a look at my buddy's steak and potato. Jesus Christ. That slab was shaped like the state of Montana and almost as thick as a Dostoevsky tome. And the spud? Honest to God it was the size of a football. He enjoyed both immensely as did his wife the liver and greens AND her new best friend beside her who turned out to be from our area back east. Her new bestie was a veterinarian, in town for a convention. . . Anyway, we chatted a bit more about good times and bad. More of the former than the latter, but neither of less importance. When the bill came my chum grabbed it immediately, charging it to his room. I asked if he needed any money, if I could please leave the tip. He waved me off. . . We stood to depart and gathered outside. Slot machines rang and whistled as we said our goodbyes. I wished them well on the remainder of their cross-country trip and headed for the exit. As I hit The Strip I wondered to myself if I should not perhaps return to Gordon Ramsay one day. Foot the bill on my own and get a fat slice of beef with a double Scotch.. . I smiled as desert wind and tourist cologne whisked through my hair, now longer than it had ever been. . . "Yes," I whispered aloud as I walked with strangers in the night, "that sounds like the most wonderful of ideas."
I'm giving 4 stars instead of the 3+question mark because maybe I'm just ignorant.  But let me put it to ya straight: yes, it's so very possible to have a bad steak. However, is it really possible to keep improving steak beyond that incredible melt in your mouth heavenly consistency?  I have eaten steak at Gordon Ramsay and I am going to answer no. There is nothing that this man has done that has made his steaks worth the $50, $70, even $95 price point!  And this is just a 6 oz cut of beef mind you, not a dinner, not sides, or a few pieces of arugula paired with a demure wedge of tomato. All of that's extra. . . I wasn't impressed, but I also wasn't paying. If you find yourself in this delightful situation, order the group-appetizer that comes on the octopus platter.  Every type of prawn, oyster, and tiny sea creature of the soft and hard shell variety comes on that platter.  Being a seafood person,I got down 'n dirty in my little glittery dress.  Now the octopus platter, I was impressed with.  The steaks, take em or leave em.  It should be called, Gordon Ramsay Octopus Appetizer.  But maybe that would put people off.
Went with a friend a few months ago to try it out since it was new. The ambiance and decor is very open and things like a large union jack gives it a very distinct british feel. The ipad drink menu was an interesting touch. I had the ribeye cooked medium rare and it was nice and tender. but towards the inner part of the steak it was more rare which I didnt like(I ended up taking it home and throwing it into a stew for flavoring and it was awesome btw!). Service was good and rest of the food was decent, nothing to complain about. Very expensive food, even though it was good, not sure if it's worth the prices here. Still, a solid choice if one is looking to splurge but I would think theres more affordable(read as still expensive but not as expensive as here) options available.
The manager of the restaurant contacted me and was able to get us the reservation on the date we originally wanted. We very much enjoyed the food and the service. I appreciate the gesture to rectify our experience, but we shall see if the reservations process is fixed the next time we try to go here.
So this is one of three we tried at this price level and it was good all around, if it weren't for one large eeww moment.  My rating is based on the Ribeye as I have based all other reviews on this.. . We were slowly walked to our table and told a couple of interesting facts.  Listen to her or you'll miss out on something special.  She seated the wife and placed our napkins on our laps, how cool!!. . We started out with a welcome and an explanation of the ipad list of wines and cocktails.  It seems you can add your selections through the ipad, added them and spent some time looking for the dinner menu.  Note to anyone else, only drinks can be selected.  the dinner menu comes later.  We ordered the Pimm's Cup and The Drifter.  OMG, the best combination of drinks we had on the strip, by far!!!. . In comes the steak display, mirrors and all, with the Kobe placed on top.  At this point, 4 people have been to our table and talked with us in one way or another.  A sign of great things to come.. . We then proceed to order the Maine Lobster (Chorizo filled) as our appetizer, Ribeye with the Loaded Baked Potato and the Beef Wellington with Brussel Sprouts and Bacon.  This is where the eww comes in.  Apon the delivery of the Wellington, my wife found a hair in the glazed root vegetables.  Luckily she found it before we began to eat and the waiter was very apologetic and took it back.  As anyone would do, I sat there waiting for her meal to be redone as my Ribeye sat in front of me.  The waiter then came back and asked if I would like mine kept warm and of course I said yes.  Refire done and meals back on the table in about 5 minutes.. . At this point my wife was so turned off by the hair, that her experience has marked her for life and will not return.  But on the other hand, I truly enjoyed both pieces of meat and only found a couple of bites of gristle in the Ribeye.  Now half way through the meal a manger came up and apologized for the mishap and comped her meal.  What??  Only hers??  I guess that's fair since I did enjoy mine.. . Of course we couldn't leave here without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the Cappuccino which comes with three spoons of Dark, White and Milk Chocolate to mix in.  Both were fabulous and they did put a smile back on the wifes face.. . At this point, I think about 8 people now have been to our table and would explain the higher cost in meals versus the others.  It was very hard for me to choose the rating because the food was great and mistakes do happen, so I will keep to my rating of the Ribeye.
Not gonna lie; I love Gordon Ramsay's shows and I totally planned to have my birthday dinner at one of his fine establishments. And Steak comes with the HELL'S KITCHEN tasting menu, which we passed on.. . It seems that this place is bumpin'. This is not like an old stuffy steakhouse: there is loud rock music playing, the decor is modern and there are iPads to order drinks. And there's a huge center piece on the ceiling - a neon "art" sculpture of Chef Ramsay's hand cut movements. . . My bf and I were excited to try the food, since Chef Ramsay only commands the BEST, so he ordered a filet mignon and I, the beef wellington, the signature dish. . . So I ordered the beef wellington without knowing what it was. I heard that it was the signature dish and went for it. I didn't take to the pastry crust with pate and duxelles (I think that was chopped mushrooms), but the meat. OH, THAT WAS THE BOMB. In fact, both of our meats were easy to cut and had a good amount of pink. And THAT MEAT; it melted when we chewed in. This is what Ramsay stands for. . . What didn't jive well with us was the mac and cheese. I thought it was lack luster. And you can skip that. . . However, don't skip the sticky toffee pudding. Trust me, it's worth the diabetes.
This place started off shaky.  The hostesses here are dressed like cheap (very cheap) working girls who have outfits made of curtains and old wrapping paper.  More horrendously, they act like they are from LA: terrible attitude, doing you a favor by seating you, and genuinely give you a feeling that they are depressed.  You have a job, buck up ladies!. . The wine menu was excellent, but the iPad the use to display their list was filthy.  I was also shoulder checked by a waiter on the way to the bathroom, and there was no apology.  The staff here just looked miserably morose.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful, so it wasn't all bad.. . Anyway, there is good news!  The food was quite good.  . . Recommend:. . Onion Soup - it's a bit different, much sweeter than other onion soups, and less salty.  It's delicious.. . Kobe Rib Cap Steak - Best cut of meat I've had in Vegas.  Tragically it was slightly overdone from the requested medium rare, but it was still mouth-watering.  Seriously a can't miss.. . Beef Wellington - My wife ordered this, and it's definitely a great combo, but when you're dealing with these excellent cuts of meat, I don't see any need to wrap them in phyllo dough.  It's like making a sandwich, and using caviar instead of jam.  . . Utilize the sommelier!  He's remarkable, and very warm.  He does not seem suicidal like the LA girls at the entrance.  I mean this when I say it, he's the best I've met in Las Vegas.. . Lastly, kudos to the chefs.  It's an open kitchen, and you can see them performing at a high level.  Christina, the Hell's Kitchen winner, was open to taking photos and being customer-friendly, but she constantly had one eye on her pans and dishes.  Chef Ramsay had an outstanding influence on her, and you can just tell she has a very bright future in the industry.
Went specifically because it was a Gordon Ramsay Restaurant and wanted to try the Beef Wellington. Made reservations ahead of time and when we arrived the hostess was prompt with seating us and giving us a brief history on the restaurant and the decorations. The wait staff was professional and well dressed for the atmosphere. The decorations are unique and eye catching but not distasteful. One of the immediate problems that I had was they sat us at a table for two which isnt the problem but it is how close you sit to other customers. There is barely any room for the waiter and it seemed they insisted at squeezing between the tables when coming for service. The meal was fantastic and the Beef Wellington was just tender and full of flavor. Service was great the entire time we were there; cleanliness of the table and silverware was spotless and wait times between meals was not too long. If your a meat eater then there meat prize cart might interest you as it has all of their cuts presented in fashion.
I made our reservation through Open Table on the Yelp app 2 weeks in advance to take Hubs out to a nice dinner, he earned it for putting up with me. There were only two time slots available so be sure you reserve in advance. . . We checked in with the hostess a few minutes before our 7:45PM reservation. A couple of minutes later we were seated at the table on the second floor over looking the restaurant. Great view. . . The restaurant is very noisy so if you are looking for an intimate quiet place this is not it. The music is loud and so is the chatter from the fellow diners. The decor is modern with lots of reds and blues used along with the London flag. . . After looking over the menu I ordered the chicken breast ($29.) Hubs ordered the beef Wellington ($52.) just like the show) both are listed under signature dishes on the menu. . . We were given an assortment of fresh breads and butter. The focaccia was delicious. Fresh, soft and a little oily. The French bread had a mild cheesy flavor and the third circular roll had bacon baked the dough. . . The food arrived 45 minutes later. The chicken was moist and cooked perfectly. The wild rice was a good side it went well with the chicken. The sauce was a little salty for my liking. I had a bite of the beef Wellington, it was tender and the pastry was soft and flaky. The portions were a good size, almost too much. It was a good thing we didn't feast on appetizers/starters prior. . . For dessert we had the spiced apple cake with salted peanut ice cream ($12.) The cake was served warm with a sweet syrup (probably brown sugar) drizzled on top of the apple slices. The ice cream was delicious and I am not a big ice cream fan. The saltiness of the ice cream went well with the sweetness of the cake. . . Service was great. We were constantly being taken care of by the staff. Our waiter  was okay he checked on us a couple of times. But the fellow waitstaff made sure we had everything needed. . . Our total with tax was $100. (Plus gratuity) . . Misc. info: Use your players card for the hotel and save a few bucks on your bill. Plus it will be added to your points.
I love Gordon Ramsay, so when I made my first legal trip to Vegas, I had to try out his steakhouse in Paris hotel. I loved the decor and the staff there.. but of course I also loved the food.. . First off, I have to start with the restaurant experience. The staff was not only knowledgeable about the different cuts of steak offered, but they were also very friendly in terms of making conversation. They often checked up on my table, and overall, it was a wonderful experience, especially with their "steak cart," which showcases all cuts of steak.. . The food itself lived up to what I imagined. My boyfriend and I shared two appetizers: kurobuta pork belly, seared foie gras and a maine lobster. The pork belly and foie gras are all MUST HAVES, but the lobster, although delicious, can be found in other high-end restaurants. I had the beef wellington and in my opinion, it was cooked most tenderly with the pastry outside perfectly made. My boyfriend ordered the American skirt steak, which was unfortunately a little dry. Our stomachs couldn't make room for dessert but we did have a spoonful of their sticky toffee pudding and boy, it was heavenly! It's probably something that two people could share though because the table for two next to us couldn't finish theirs.. . Next time, I think I'm going to try the tasting menu because you also get to bring home a signed photograph of Ramsay!. . Psst - try their cocktails. Primm's Cup was fantastic.. Oh - and a special shoutout to Charles Narak, the kindest, funniest and friendlist waiter I've ever met! Charles really added to the Gordon Ramsay dining experience.
We've always been fans of Gordon Ramsay - and his talent showed best through the food. We started with the ravolio, had the beef wellington for 2 and a side of the mac and cheese. (We also had 2 beers) It was wonderful! Best meal of the week! It was everything I was hoping for in having the famous beef wellington! It was cooked perfectly! The environment was energetic and well themed/styled to what I would think Ramsay's taste to be. Next trip to LV I hope to visit his other restaurants too.. . However, and take the following with a grain of salt because it is LasVegas, but the showmanship of the hostess and servers was too over the top. As the host walked in groups of customers she stopped and pointed out that the neons above mimiced Gordon's hands as he was working the pass. Cool fact, if it's even true, but odd that she would stop them right in the middle of a congested area to point this out? Our server was a bit full of himself/over confident. He presented us with a special Hell's Kitchen menu (which features items like risotto that you can't get on the regular menu and is over priced compared to the regular menu), walked away and took FOREVER to bring back a regular menu when we had clearly closed the specialty menu and was looking for a regular menu. He gave us the option of sparkling or still water - no tap (I know, I know ... Yuck TAP!) So right off the bat we felt like he was only presenting us with the expensive options. I get up selling - but again, he did this in a very arrogant manner. I felt like he was eyeing us like an easy target.. . Also plan on spending at least 2 hours there. It seemed like there are soooo many touch bases (being greeted by the host, given the host speech, being sat, being greeted by your server, their whole intro speech, the different menus, the meat trolly, ordering, paying, etc.) It seemed like there was 10 min between each touch base! I understand it is meant to be an experience, but both couples around us - and us included had somewhere to be after.
DATE/TIME: March 24, 2013 // 10:15pm. . PRICE: $50-$100/person. VALUE:  The prices are pretty typical of a higher end steakhouse.. AMBIANCE: Lots of reds, blacks, and grays. As mentioned by many other Yelpers, you enter through a "tube" (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6uhas67fyLO3rEi1f1VMNw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg) that "transports you from Paris to London." Sounded kitschy to me at first but is actually more tastefully done than I initially expected. The dining area itself is a huge two-story dining room with large red neon artwork (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XbS7ww57AwhWY9VhmdPCsw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg) at the center of the ceiling, which the hostess pointed out as she seated us. It is an artist's interpretation of Gordon Ramsay's hand movements while making his signature dish: the Beef Wellington of Hell's Kitchen fame. Ambient lights are attached to a wire that runs across the walls. Music is a bit on the louder side, definitely not the typical stuffy place designed for hushed tones and mousey eating.. SERVICE: Our server checked up on us frequently and filled up our waters often, but rightfully seemed a bit like she was anxious to go home by the end of the night. (We were one of the last people to leave). CHANCE OF RETURNING: 60%. ___________________________________. . [ ACTUAL RATING: 3.5* ]. . This place, like so many of Gordon Ramsay's newer restaurants since I last went to Maze in New York, is clearly catered towards his Hell's Kitchen fan base. They even have a "Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu." Seriously. Kudos to the growing empire for capitalizing on the media-inspired fame as well as they have.. . The meal was definitely good - not quite mind blowing (don't expect something comparable to a Michelin-starred restaurant) but definitely a decent steakhouse. If there weren't so many places still on my list of destinations in Vegas, my chances of returning might be closer to 70%.. . The wine and cocktail menu is available on an iPad, like that at Charlie Palmer's Aureole.. . Unfortunately, by the end of our meal we had no space at all for dessert. I might be back sometime before the end of this trip to try the STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING at the bar, which consists of a sweet pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, and brown butter ice cream.. . TIP: If you don't already have a Total Rewards card, get one. It only shaves $1-$3 per dish but that's money you can allocate towards a higher gratuity for your hard-working servers! ;-). . ___________________________________. . :::: [ THE FOOD ] ::::. . * BREAD TRAY. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Pvi2lZcSgkHc0gEiaEpw7w&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg.               - [4/5 - We were served with 6 kinds of room temperature bread including a pancetta brioche, black truffle brioche, and blue cheese and walnut bread. On the side was a somewhat cold imported butter. My favorite hands down was the black truffle brioche, though the blue cheese and walnut bread was also pretty good. I couldn't really taste the pancetta in the pancetta brioche, which I was actually most excited about when the tray arrived at our table.]. * SEARED FOIE GRAS - $25 . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QytfTD2Hpp1yWcvuV30xiQ&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg.               - [3.75/5 - Perfectly seared creamy foie gras, delicious huckleberry, and marcona almonds. This is nowhere near the top 10 foie gras dishes I've tried, but that's coming from someone who actively seeks both Michelin-starred as well as regular mid-range restaurants who fellow Yelpers claim serve great foie gras. Be sure to use every drop of the sauce on the plate or you will find your foie gras disappointingly bland.]. * ROASTED BEEF WELLINGTON FOR 2 - $100. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=7sjGYKbej_1IkprjvGR1Sw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg.               - [3.75/5 - Served with a red wine demi glace, potato puree, and glazed root vegetables. The pastry portion of the beef wellington seems to be where all of the sodium is allocated, so be sure to portion your bites of meat with enough of it or you won't have even distribution of seasoning. The glazed root vegetables seems like an afterthought. Coming from someone who loves purees and generally soft, creamy, foods - the potato puree is a bit more liquefied than I'm used to - it could've been slightly richer and just a tiiiiiiiiny bit better seasoned. While I prefer to include a bit of each ingredient on the plate with each bite, I also like to start my meal by trying everything on it's own and am especially pleased when every element manages to "carry their own weight."]. * MAC & CHEESE - $13. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MjlAOhIvQrSWmo0YRi7dPw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg.               - [3/5 - A combination of blue, cheddar, and parmesan cheese with truffle. Mediocre mac & cheese. Not that well-flavored.]
After three years of yelping, checking in, and adding photos, I've finally decided to write a review :). . I'll be honest, when it comes to dining at restaurants owned by celebrity TV chefs I get a bit more critical and picky of the food. So when my boyfriend surprised me with dinner here I was skeptical about the quality of the food and for the first half of our time there, I was right to expect disappointment.. . AMBIANCE:. Definitely very vibrant. You'd think you just walked into a hip, ultra modern bar and not your typical steakhouse. Plus, the twisted neon light sculpture on the ceiling (an artistic rendition of Ramsay's hand movements) is a great eye catcher.. . DRINKS:. Ordered our cocktails off an iPad (techy place, but not something I'd deem as necessary). I ordered the English Garden and the bf ordered a Sidecar. Both were delicious, both had that kick I was looking for in a cocktail as well as the refreshing "tastebud enticer" I needed to really pique my appetite.. . The pre-meal bread they give out is delicious.  Not enough to fill your stomach, but enough to leave you wanting more.  The lemon thyme focaccia and brioche (fig and pancetta) were my faves, but I always seem to judge a steakhouse by their butter (don't judge)...and that said butter came with Hawaiian black sea salt. YUM.. . APPETIZERS:. Biggest disappointment ever.  We ordered the Herbed Ricotta Ravioli and the Shrimp Cocktail.  The ravioli was a lovely medley of flavors, but definitely not worth the price...presentation was not too impressive either.  The shrimp cocktail was a deconstructed version and I wish they hadn't because shrimp cocktail really is at its best in its natural state.  Plus, it was extremely salty...I had quite a few sips of water/cocktail throughout the duration of my ONE shrimp.  If ourmeal had ended here, this place would've gotten 3 stars, but the actual meal and dessert really saved this place from my never-again-list.. . THE MUST HAVES:. #1. Beef Wellington. (Sure, you have to wait a good hour for it, but it's worth the wait...and if you're coming here to try the Beef Wellington, you should already know it takes about an hour...so don't complain!) It's the most heavenly filet I have ever tasted...all wrapped up in a delightfully flaky pastry dough (other reviews have said the dough quickly becomes soggy, but my bf and I wolfed ours down before that even became a possibility). You've heard of excellent sashimi melting in your mouth, but steak? Yes, this one MELTS in your mouth.. . #2. Tempura haricot vert. Who would've thought these could be so delicious? And with the aioli? Double yum! Perfectly fried, not dripping with oil, crispy thin tempura layer. Just the way I like it.. . DESSERT:. #1. Sticky toffee pudding. At the table next to ours I heard the man complain about how delicious this dessert was, but way too sweet. I have absolutely no concept of too sweet and we ordered this scrumptious dessert in the blink of an eye. The sweet pudding cake paired with the brown butter ice cream is a match made in heaven. To die for! And a nice way to ease you into a pleasant food coma ;). . Overall rating, 4.5 (but since I can't do half stars a 4 on yelp).  Before the Wellington and dessert, this place would've been a 3...service wasn't exactly up to my standards and appetizers were a big no no.  The steak and dessert really saved the day here!. . Still dreaming about my next Vegas visit so I can pop in for some Beef Wellington! YUM!
Of course the beef wellington was amazing... it goes without saying. The service was pretty good and attentive. The food is very expensive of course and there are far better places to eat in Las Vegas for the prices they are charging in here. I guess thats to be expected though after all Gordon Ramsay is a Super Star ... LOL
This place is amazing! The food tasted great, and was cooked perfectly! It does take a while to get receive your food but when you have people to talk to the wait is okay. The food can be pretty expensive depending on what you order, and how many people you are dining with. The atmosphere is amazing, and it makes it feel warm and inviting. The music can get pretty loud too so it is hard to talk to other people at your table. Overall I thought this place was amazing!
Awesome outfits. White collars blue shirts, burgundy ties and suspenders. Cufflinks. Elbow cuffs. Great team look, while still allowing for some individual personality.  Ultra professional.  Score.. . I am yet to understand how restaurants these days put so much attention to all of their liquid offerings, but completely skip beer. Not just with the diners pleasure in mind, but also in the purse of the restaurant owner.  We're both losers.  Blue Moon, Pacifico, and Newcastle for drafts? Yikes. Why do I want a top notch craft aged/butchered steak, paired with bargain basement produced for the masses beer?  Epic failure.. . The restaurant was busy, and actually admiditaly got caught off guard by a very large party.  There was an exceptional wait for the dinner that I had ordered.  They did however keep me well lubricated.  They ended up comping me for 2 glasses of wine.  $28 each.  Very nice gesture.. . Caesar salad. Disassembled full length leaves of romaine. Oddly they looked completely un-dressed, but somehow they were.  Even though taste was good, major failure in that I had to cut my salad with a knife.  I am ok with that if it's a wedge salad, as it is quite manageable.  Loose full length leaves of romaine aren't quite as agreeable.  Especially after a pre-order cocktail, and a couple of glasses of wine.. . Big standout from the bread tray - fig/bacon mini cinnamon roll looking thing. Amazing.. . Steak was everything you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber.  Cooked and presented to perfection.  Absolutely delicious.
The hubs and I ate here last night.  Had 8:45 reservations via Open Table and we were seated promptly.  The noise level from the music is annoying, luckily we were seated in the downstairs dining room and were able to converse without too much trouble, but the overly loud music does detract from the dining experience.  Our server Matthew and his assistant Sean were wonderful, we had great service and the guys were both very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  Food was very good, I had filet mignon cooked perfectly.  We shared the house salad which was nothing special,but the bread/butter "presentation" was wonderful.  Shared the tempura green beans which were delicious and also the loaded baked potato with gruyere bechamel sauce, heavenly!  Hubs had small bone in ribeye which was tasty and cooked perfectly, unfortunately, it was chewy.  We also ordered two side sauces, the house steak sauce was very good, the Worcestershire Demi glace was overly salty.  I can't even say that we complained about the ribeye or the sauce, we merely mentioned it to Matthew.  As a high end restaurant should, the two items were removed from our bill.  Matthew also came back and told us that the Chef agreed that the sauce was too salty.  Good to know that he kept the Chef informed and that he took the time to follow up with us.  Matthew also brought us a complimentary Sticky Toffee pudding for dessert....to die for!  Especially the caramel ice cream.  We will definitely eat here again and will request Matthew as our server.  I give the restaurant only 4 stars mainly because of the noise level, not because of the mishap with the steak and sauce.  It just happens sometimes that a cut of meat isn't as tender as it should be.  The seasoning and temperature of both steaks was spot on.
More like 4.5 stars.  Didn't want to come here but the woman wanted steak.  I find Gordon annoying from his cable shows.  Asked for a suggestion and the waiter mentioned the ribeye cap.  The steak was EXCELLENT.  The best I've had and I've tried a lot of different steakhouses.  Definitely would recommend.  Interesting uniforms.  Excellent service.
They sure try their damnedest to impress the hell out of you. The ambiance is hip and trendy, the experience is amazing. Yes, some of it is a bit over the top, but isn't that the point?. . Red-lipped, hostesses in short skirts lead you to your table (your choice of stairs or the elevator if you're on the second floor) and give a brief back story on the art installation in the center of the Union Jack painted ceiling. You'll be given an iPad to browse and order drinks while your server fetches the meat cart--a cart showcasing all the cuts of steak on the menu, which are all described to you in great detail. Service is impeccable. If you order a post-dinner coffee, three spoons are brought out, with liqueur-filled chocolates labeled "A", "B", and "C" (for Amaretto, Bailey's, and Chambord) that you simply stir right into your cup. Desserts are offered, but the Sticky Toffee Pudding will be heavily pitched to you in such a way that you really can't resist. . . And the food? The steak was delicious, but honestly, not the best I've had. It was very good and of high quality, but I typically like simple seasonings with a nice char on my steaks. This shouldn't be taken as a complete negative by any means, just a note on my personal preference. One person at the table ordered the famous Beef Wellington and was extremely happy with it. No complaints about the Pork Belly, Foie Gras, or side of Fingerling Potatoes, either.. . Sticky Toffee Pudding. It's a game changer. I was on the fence about coming back and then the Sticky Toffee Pudding single-handedly sealed the deal.. . An excellent dining experience for sure. John Howie Steak in Bellevue, WA is still my number one favorite steakhouse, but Gordon Ramsey Steak is probably one of the better ones on the strip.
amazing ambience! However the food was just so so. We like to have macaroni and cheese everywhere and I was astonished because this was the worst macaroni and cheese i have ever had! I mean who puts peas in mac and cheese?? But its a must go if in vegas!
My wife and I visited this restaurant based on the fantastic meal we had at Gordon Ramsey BurGR a few days before. Our reservation at GR Steak was for 6:45pm we arrived 5 minutes early and were told the restaurant was running 45 minutes late. Disappointed , but we sat at the bar and waited about 20minutes and were then seated in the restaurant. We chose the GR Limited Edition Tasting menu with the wine pairings . The mushroom risotto with scallop was delicious and the  Beef Wellington was exquisite. The meal was VERY  expensive, with tip it was well over $500 for two. However, the experience , enhanced by our waiter, Dennis, was very memorable. I would have given five stars if the meal had not been so expensive. Nevertheless, great restaurant.
If you're looking for a good steak place on the strip, Gordon Ramsay is definitely a top contender.. . For my appetizer I had the raviolo which was superb. In fact, I had the same dish the night before at Le Cirque and, I have to say, I think Ramsay's dish topped Le Cirque. It was larger, had some bits of ham, great flavor. Fantastic start to the meal.. . Three of the six people I was with had the Skirt Steak. All three were perfectly cooked, tender, and great flavor. One friend did report his was oversalted. Another friend had the beef wellington which was supposed to be what Ramsay's is known for (it's the entreeon the tasting menu). He said is was great but it is quite pricey. . . Unfortunately the dessert was a mixed bag. They recommend the toffee pudding dish which is NOT pudding. I generally dislike pudding so I got the carrot cake. The carrot cake was utter garbage. It was terrible. No moisture, no flavor, it was worse than what you get premade at the grocery store. That being said, two other friends got the toffee pudding and what came was actually a toffee cake type thing with some incredible ice cream. It was superb. How can one dessert be so good while another be so truly awful?. . Also, the service was slow. It's a steakhouse so it's going to be a bit slow, and it's Vegas so you know service will be slow, but the dinner took 3 hours. that's ridiculous. We were just sitting waiting for an hour for dessert.
I went here on Friday night for my fancy birthday dinner with the BF. There were some definite highs and some lows. Let me start by saying this place was suuuuuper fancy. Like....they import their water in from Wales (I really don't understand that...seems extremely wasteful to me....), they present raw steaks on a special steak presenting thing with mirrors on it....whoa.... Also, they give you an ipad to look at the drink menu...this is kind of dumb because the real menu is not on an ipad, so it didn't really make sense. Anyway, on to the food! They start you out with 4 different types of bread...one more delicious than the next, with butter and volcanic sea salt or something fancy. One of the breads tasted like bacon....yum. I ordered the beef wellington and the BF ordered the short ribs and, at the waiter's recommendation, we got the mac and cheese. Well, the wellington was good, but it wasn't amazing. The beef was great, it was very soft, but the crust just didn't have much flavor. The potato puree was very very tasty and so were the roasted vegetables. The BF's short ribs were good, but not as soft as short ribs usually are. The sauce was very good though. The mac and cheese was too bleu chees -y (despite the waiter telling us you couldn't even taste the bleu cheese). Also, the portions were very large, especially for a fancy restaurant. I'm not sure why the waiter made it seem like we needed a side, we definitely did not. We ended up sending the mac and cheese back....it wasn't bad, but it wasn't to our tastes. We finished with the sticky toffee pudding which was ridiculously good. The caramel was rich and the butter ice cream was crazy good. The presentation was also cute. This place was overall good, but for the price, I didn't think it had enough 'yummyness.' I liked Spago better when I've gone in the past, but this place is definitely an experience and I'd recommend giving it a try.
What else can I say WOW.....This place is amazing the staff was friendly and helpful. Service was above and beyond......The food was perfect spot on.......
Had a little bit of everything here.  The foie gras was great, the kobe steak was very tender but slightly overcooked, the king crab tasted fresh and doesn't seem like it was ever frozen.  The only disappointment was the long bone steak for 2 which had a ton of fat on the meat and I had to cut off much of the fat to get to the meat which was already sliced by the kitchen.  I was very pleasantly surprised by the meal after trying some of the other Vegas celebrity chef restaurants.
The restaurant looks great.  The bar service and drinks were really good and seating was quite comfortable.  We were there for a special occasion and a bit disappointed when they sat us at a table for two at the end of a high traffic aisle and about 18 inches from another couple.  We asked for a more intimate table and were moved upstairs to a nice circular booth.  The steak tower presentation was a great touch and helped us select our dinner fare.  We had the Wagyu end cap and Beef Wellington and they were the best we have ever had and cooked to perfection.  The only reason we couldn't rate this 5 stars is that our waiter was terrible, slow and arrogant.  If not for the assistant waiter we would have been there for another hour.  It could be that we were a couple and he wanted 4 people at his table, but his attitude did detract from the experience.  We will repeat and hope to have a different waiter next time.
One of the best reasons I'm happy to be alive is STEAK.  Life would be oh so boring without it.  For date night, we couldn't figure out where we wanted to eat at since we weren't too hungry and it was already 9:30pm...most places were closing at 10pm but thankfully, Gordon Ramsay keeps his doors open until 10:30pm.. . The restaurant, especially the entrance, reminds me of a club...a well-lit club.  We didn't have a reservation so we sat at the bar area and didn't have to wait to get a table.  We were given an amazing plate of different kinds of bread. 2 were aged parmesan, 1 bacon, 1 mushroom and 2 lemony breads. In a world full of free sourdough bread, complimentary bread got exciting again. We got the medium rare 24oz dry-aged bone-in rib eye, fingerling potatoes and mac n cheese.. . DRY-AGED BONE-IN RIBEYE: their medium rare is bloodier than usual but I'd rather eat a bloody steak than a hockey puck.  It was tender and no sauce was needed. Just pure meaty perfection. 5/5. . FINGERLING POTATOES: with parmesan and truffle...they were flavorful. The perfect side for a awesome piece of meat 5/5. . MAC N CHEESE: with peas, truffle and 3 different cheeses - blue, cheddar and parmesan.  It was tasty, rich and quite heavy. 4/5. . For personal reasons, we skipped dessert. The service was alright. For the price and quality of meat we got, I may have found a new favorite steak place in Vegas.  But no, I still love Mario Batali.
I was a little upset that we had to wait over 20 minutes for a seat when we had reservations weeks in advance, but the quality if the food and service more than made up for it.  Once we got seated, they catered to our every whim, and were wonderfully pleasant. . . I had the Beef Wellington which was to die for. Melted in your mouth and every bite seemed to taste better than the one before it. . . The waiter and chefs were even kind enough to throw together a vegetarian option that wasn't on the menu for my girlfriend. . . The atmosphere was trendy, with a beautiful entranceway fashioned in a tube of red glass and chrome-looking supports. . . I definitely recommend to anyone that wants a high end steak or just the experience of it all. Honestly, not as expensive as I thought it was going to be, even including tip and some drinks.
OK, first of all, I'm going to say 4.5 stars...I'm a local to Vegas so it is difficult to give a full 5 star rating when there are sooo many options here in our amazing city.  Lets just say I want some room at the top to be really impressed.  (Joel R...are you listening?). . That being said, this was an amazing dinner.  Had 9pm reservations (highly recommended)  and were seated promptly in the balcony area overlooking the dining room floor.  (very cool)  Service was as expected for an establishment such as this (prompt, polite, helpful etc)  . . Food.  Exceptional.  Wellington is as advertised...amazing.  We had 3 sides, Mac&Cheese, Potato puree, and the mushrooms.  Could have skiped the mushrooms and the M&C was good, but not as good as some I've had (S&W).. . Apps.  - Kobi Sliders - 3 - eh...ok....nothing to write home about. - Fois - 5 - really good, and for my friend from CA, something that is illegal for him to purchase at home!. . Wine. Prime - 2010 - held up really well and was a good value. . Desert. Sorry, had too much to eat and elected to not push it...will try it next time I'm here.. . Price. About 200.00 per head with wine.  (won 100.00 back at the craps table so not bad). . Sumation - having eaten at many of the good/great steak joints in town, Ramsay Steak certainly has a place among the top.  You should not be disappointed if you go.  Just be prepared for the check.
The Beef Wellington was delicious. It was cooked perfectly. I also tried the truffle mac and cheese and the potato puree. And for dessert I had the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. The service was also good. I would recommend this restaurant and I look forward to our next visit.
Three words to describe: Delicious Expensive Steak. . . Came here with my bf's family for Mother's Day. Everyone had a Rib Eye except for me. I tried the infamous Beef Wellington. All of them raved about their huge 24oz Rib Eye.  My Beef Wellington was very good as well. The meat was very tender that it almost melts in your mouth. The red wine sauce reduction was a great compliment to the dish. We also tried the following side dishes:. . Fingerling Potatoes (4 Stars). Mac and Cheese (4 Stars). Green Beans with Citrus Aioli Sauce (5 Stars). Sauteed Mushrooms (4 Stars). Baked Potato (4 Stars). . My bf also ordered the Bone Marrow which was really rich but he enjoyed it a lot. Good thing he didn't have a stroke after eating it. . . Last but not the least we tried the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. Wow! It was addictingly great especially with the ice cream. Make sure you save some space for this when you visit this steakhouse.. . I guess I'm giving them 4 stars since the service was extremely slow. We were here at 7:15pm and left at almost 10pm. We only ordered the main entree and dessert and it took forever for it to arrive. Also, they were not very attentive in refilling our drinks.
I cannot believe its taken me this long to write a review, mainly because I'm insanely addicted to G.R. and his shows, but apparently not that addicted because I've only given this restaurant 4 stars. So, the run down... We were on a two week road trip and one of my stop choices was Las Vegas because I wanted to eat at Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I've always been so jealous watching Hells Kitchen seeing everyone get to try his food, so I had to put a stop to it! We didn't make reservations, well, we tried but apparently calling a day in advance didn't give enough lead time to not be booked, haha, I should've known. We did find out that there is a lounge area that is first come first serve, so we showed up there and prayed we'd get a seat and we did! We didn't have to wait very long either. Our waitress was awesome, attentive, and didn't mind joking back and forth with me about G.R. and agreeing to slipping him my number next time he's in town. I ordered 3 cocktails, all were good, but the best was the HK Antioxidant, it was really good. Ordered the Foie Gras and it was probably the best part of the entire meal. I ordered the Beef Wellington of course, I have been wanting to try it for forever and in part might be why I was slightly disappointed. It wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be, that in itself isn't that big of a deal, but the pastry wasn't cooked thoroughly, so it was kind of mushy and gross, I was looking forward to the flaky pastry along side the tender meat, but it kind of made me feel sick, still I feel like had it been cooked properly it would have been awesome and I'm not one to complain. My brother and his girlfriend chose the chicken and it wasn't until after the fact that they told me the chicken was really dry. They didn't want to ruin my night, but that upset me because we all know how Gordon feels about dry chicken! I would have said something, but I didn't know. They also got the asparagus soup and we enjoyed the presentation and they really enjoyed the flavor. Then we ordered dessert, this was back in September of last year (2012) so I'm not positive of the names, but it was the sticky toffee one, this was a risk because I'm not a fan of toffee- so let me just say, it was THAT good... Amazing! Our bill with tip came to around $250, which I think was worth it for the experience and would go back again if given the chance, I feel like it was probably just an off night. However I did not slip the waitress my number to give to Ramsay as I'm looking for a stellar chef... Maybe I should try going after Graham next :P.
Very great experience! Love the atmosphere and the layout of the restaurant.  The service was great.  Had lots of fun trying all the foods and seeing the fancy presentations. Started with drinks...  I had a dirty martini which was made perfectly... for dinner  I had a cesar salad, which had quail eggs, a first for me, I then had a filet with a baked potato side, the baked potato is HUGE, definitely share-able. I was with a group so we all ordered a different dessert to be able to try a variety, very good selections!  The chocolate alcohol infused coffee spoons are definitely a fun touch too.
Food was mostly good.  Sides definitely not worth the price especially the spinach which was about a handful worth.  They kept part of it raw to take up space in the bowl a size that they would put a side of dressing.  Bone in ribeye was awesome.  Beef Wellington very good.  The salad with green goddess dressing was good and deceivingly filling.  Service was very good.  It just seems slightly overpriced
Well I want to start off by saying that I was a little bit bothered that when you read the website for this place, they lead you to believe that the dress code is nothing less than business casual however, that is not the case.. . When we were seated there were two couples sharing a table across from my wife and I in casual clothing. Now this isn't a problem, its more of a heads up that you will still be allowed in the restaurant even if you are in casual clothes.. . Now on to the review. I believe it is best that you make a reservation because it gets extremely packed here. And this way you're guaranteed a seat. . . The ambiance in the restaurant has sort of a classy/romantic feel which was perfect for my wife and I because it was a special occasion.. . Our server was meh (:-/). He would talk to us and explain things on the menu when asked but nothing above and beyond that. Well, while doing all this he  would smile at us but it seemed like he was only doing this because he had too. The guy wasn't mean and he was very patient (As we took a while to decide what we wanted since it was our first time). However, whenever he would smile it looked like it hurt him, it just didn't seem genuine.. . After a long deliberation we decided to order two salads for our starters (A blue cheese salad and a ceasar salad), the beef wellington for two, and two sides (The sauteed mushrooms and a baked potatoe. Just a word of caution the baked potatoes is hugh you can actually share that between two people.).. . The salads were ok nothing that would blow your mind. But the Beef Wellington was awesome. Let me just say that I was quite hesitant to get the Beef Wellington because they only make medium-rare and I'm the kind of person that likes my beef cooked well-done. But I told my myself what the heck, you've heard so much about the Wellington that I just had to try it and I did and 100% percent satisfied because it was delicious.. . Although the Wellington is cooked medium-rare they bake it a oven before serving it which eliminates any possibility of seeing any blood (Which I thought I would see but I did not). The Wellington was very tender, moist, and had excellent flavor and texture, I enjoyed every bite. The sides were delicious as well. This was all around one of the better places we ate while in Vegas.. . Besides the salad which were just ok everything else was delicious. And because we were so full with the entree we didn't have room for any desert. Hopefully, next time we will be able to order desert.. . I strongly feel that Gordon Ramsay Steak is a must visit if you're ever in Vegas.
I had an awesome bday here the atmosphere in most high end steak houses is very stuffy these guys were fun and very accommodating .....the food was amazing I cant wait to go back and get more Brussels sprouts...YES Brussels sprouts they were awesome!
Im a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, I always watch Master Chef, Kitchen Nightmares, etc etc. So obviously coming here I had huge expectations as I regard Gordon Ramsay to be a world class chef.. . I read the reviews on Yelp first to guide me as to what I should order. For our appetizers we decided on the Seared Fois Gras and the Kurobuta Pork Belly. Please note the appetizer portions are small, but they're not extremely small. The fois gras was fairly tasty, although some parts were a bit too squishy for my preference. The pistachio streusel and jam that are served on the plate with it were very rich, a little too sweet for my liking but overall pretty darn good. This was the first time I've ever eaten Fois Gras, it was definitely a unique taste, and I could see it offputting to most, but I'd order it again (if it were seared a bit more). As for the pork belly, that was really good. Best Pork Belly I have had. . . Now as a side note, they bring out these bread rolls to you. I believe 6 different types? Wow, these were excellent, and the one with bacon baked in to it? Give Gordon Ramsay the Nobel Peace prize. That was just incredibly delicious. Why have I never had bread with bacon baked into it before? I was in heaven, I requested more, yummy!. . As for the dinner, I decided to go with their signature Beef Wellington and my sister had the 24 oz Bone in rib eye. This is where I was a bit upset, and the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars despite their bread being phenomenal, their pork belly being the bets pork belly I've ever had, and the dessert, OMG, that'll come later.... The Beef wellington comes one way and one way only, medium rare, that's fine, thats how I enjoy my steaks. My waiter told me it's served this way because if it cooked anymore the pastry would get burned. Anyhow, when I received my wellington I was really excited but at first bite I was quite saddened. The pastry was already a bit soggy, the beef texture just didn't seem right, although it was very soft, and the red wine demi glace just did not taste good at all. I pretty much avoided it completely. I had some of my sister's bone in rib eye, boy oh boy did it have a ton of fat on it, not trimmed properly at all... I would expect better trimming from a restaurant of this caliber. She additionally tried their signature steak sauce, which was just terrible. The steak tasted alright, but not any better than a regular ol' steakhouse down the road. . . Anyhow, onto my dessert. We were stuffed and really didn't want dessert but the waiter said "If you don't like it, be honest, and it's on the house" so how could I resist? Which dessert did he suggest you ask? Three words.... Sticky Toffee Pudding! It came out, and to be honest the look doesn't do it justice. It just kind of looks like a warm cake, some sauce in the middle and an ice cream bar molded into the form of a stick of butter with a knife thru it... But wow, once you pour the sauce over the cake, and then combine the brown butter ice cream with it... Well, you've got the world's greatest dessert hands down. I have never in my life had a tastier dessert and my sister agreed. This was just outstanding. I'd go here just to order the dessert.. . As for the service, A+. The waiter was very knowledgeable on all their food items, my water was always full, and I drink a ton of water. My only suggestion is to get rid of the multitude of bimbos at the hostess stand. There were 3-4 of them standing there when I arrived, and they all seemed confused.
My very first Gordon Ramsay experience and it was definitely one of the highlights on our recent LV trip. We decided to splurge a little and ordered the Hell's Kitchen Tasting menu ($145/person). . . Upon being seated - the waiter asked us whether we wanted sparkling water or still water. Thinking still water ...would be tap water (Seattleites never have to worry about this!), we were a little bummed that there was a $22 charge for water.. . Drinks: Pimm's cup & Strawberry margarita ...pretty solid but not quite a "wow" experience . . Tasting menu: .     1. Amuse bouche - scotch (soft boiled quail) egg over a bed of red wine braised cabbage was delicious! I just wished it wasn't so tiny! . .     2. Spring vegetable salad (asparagus/pea shoots/candied rhubarb) with a tiny thin slice of seared ahi tuna. It's light and refreshing -- perfect for the 95 degree weather. . .     3. Mushroom risotto & seared scallop: A-ha! This is the dish that always get screwed up on the tv show but it was done perfectly here! Great texture & great flavors (they used morel mushrooms) .   .      4. Beef Wellington: The one dish I was looking forward to!! It's a classic dish that I just can't seem to find anywhere nowadays. The filet was incredibly tender...the pastry was nice and flaky...and I loved that mushroom spread that he used (in replacement of pate). . .     5. Dessert: blueberry tart paired with a scoop of  citrus-y vanilla ice cream was the perfect way to end the night. . . Service: super friendly and not stuffy at all. As a gift for those that order the tasting menu, we went home with a photo (not a print!) of Gordon Ramsay himself (signed, of course) and a copy of the tasting menu signed by Christina Wilson (last season's winner). She even personalized it for us since it was my boyfriend's birthday.
Wife and I made reservations here online which was incredibly easy.   The ambience is amazing.  We arrived early and were allowed to sit at the bar while we waited.  The staff was very courteous and treated us well.  As for the food, it was amazing.  I had the filet with the macaroni & cheese; my wife had the beef Wellington and the loaded baked potato.  For dessert, our wonderful waiter suggested the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream.  It was quite honestly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Now, the reason I only gave it four out of five stars is because of the appetizer.  We ordered the Herb Ricotta Ravioli ($20).  It consisted of 1 ravioli...  The ravioli was good, but for $20 we expected more than one.  Overall it was a very enjoyable experience and will be back.
My friends and I had reservations on a busy Saturday night.  For as busy as it was, our service was prompt and the staff was extremely attentive.  I have to admit, I was really impressed with both the food and the staff.  Our waiter was upbeat, knowledgeable, and very helpful with the menu selections.  Now, onto the food.  We were a group of eight, so we shared a little bit here and there.  I ordered the Kobe Rib Cap-medium; very delish and tender.  I also sampled the Bone In Ribeye and the Beef Wellington.  The Ribeye was juicy, tender, and tasty.  The Beef Wellington was "melt in your mouth" delicious!  I will be ordering that the next time I go.  Our sides were the Mac and Cheese, Mushrooms, and Fingerling potatoes.  All of these were portioned well and again, very tasty.  I ordered the Raviolo for an appetizer... I'm with the other reviewer on this one-I expected more than just one... but by definition, it is singular.  I sampled the Pork Belly... this is my favorite of everything I tried that night.  If you are going to order one app, I highly recommend the Pork Belly.  I was told the Hamachi was excellent as well.  We also had the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert.  It is extremely rich and filling.  One of these is good for 3 average diners, we split amongst 8 and it was still satisfying.  Overall, I had a wonderful experience and will be going back again when I go to Vegas.  Four 1/2 stars because the music was a little too loud; that is one of my pet peeves when dining.  Other than that, it was a perfect meal at a reasonable price.  My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and agreed that GR Steak was an awesome experience
Good beet salad. Visit the location in Vegas where I went. Super hot spot and the food is fantastic!
We came here the night after our wedding day to celebrate us as Mr & Mrs. We love love love love the food. The complimentary basket of bread was amazing. Those breads were so tasty. All of them. I couldn't stop eating them, I was worried I wouldn't be able to eat my dinner. . . We also got an appetizer of Beef Tartar. Best Beef Tartar ever! It was so fresh and light. For main entrees, I ordered Beef Wellington & Jesse ordered the Rib Eye. They brought out the fresh meat cart and showed us beautiful cut of meats before we placed our order. We love our entrees. Those meats were cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. . . We don't normally splurge but once in a while we like to do that and this place is worth every penny. The only reason I can't give five stars is because of the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's more like a night club than a dining place. The music was too loud. You can't really have conversation here and it made it not a romantic place to dine out. They also have happy hour which we may try next time we are in Vegas. Unless, I will win some $$$ in casino, then we will have another dinner here :).
I went on June 5 2013 with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday. This is the second time that we have been there. The first time we love it, it was perfect the food and service superb. This time we went to have the beef Wellington , the signature dish, it was delicious but not  a 5 star dish. Also the service was not good at all. It is a very expensive place for the type of service we received that night. I hope this place changes for the better.
Okay well here is a place I have been waiting to go to since the day it opened.  I have watched every one of Gordon's shows and I have always been curious about how good his food is after all the insults on other peoples food.  I can tell you that this place has the best beef wellington on the planet.  Why the 4 stars over a 5 star then?. We arrived to the Paris hotel on 6/8/13 after my wedding for what I wanted to be the most magical ending to our night.  I had a reservation for 9pm and after all the great reviews I assumed we would be sat right at 9pm.  Wrong!  we were told by the very skinny hostess to wait in the lounge until our table was ready.  We figured okay it won't be that long and we can get a look at the menu while we are in there.  10 minutes goes by and we now know what we want but still no drink service.  After the 10 minute mark the waitress arrives to take drink orders.  I ask for the Inis and Gunn Stout (Gordon's favorite beer from Scotland) and I ask if it is a draft or bottled beer.  She looks at me as if she had never heard of such a beer which was quite shocking since the girl gets an average $50-$100 tip per check probably and should know the drink menu forward and backward.  Especially working in the lounge!  She had to ask the bartender what that was and she came back and told me it was a draft.  Whew problem diverted!  After another 10 minutes of waiting I went back outside and asked the hostess what we need to do to get sat and she said they would come in and get us.  I go back inside but now I don't even want a beverage and I feel like my wedding night is going to end on a sour note.  I see the hostess walking around the lounge holding a piece of paper in the air looking for the next guests to be sat.  Seemed pretty tacky!  I had asked the hostess how long it was going to be and she said that our table needed to be cleaned and the people there needed to get up.  Well thank God they did after 30 minutes of waiting and we were finally greeted by the hostess to be sat.  They were so oblivious to our 30 minute wait and went right into their rehearsed "We now take your from Paris to London" bit which made us all laugh at how corny and fake it was.  . Finally sat upstairs my best man notices that his seat has been totally worn out like someone had taken sandpaper to it and took all the fabric off.  It looked like a seat you might see at an old diner on route 66 or something.  Our server arrived and she was as nice as they come and so was our busser who was from Africa. He brought us so much water and bread that was out of this world.  We got a bottle of wine which was delivered in a very classy way by another super friendly gentleman and I got the Inis and Gunn Stout and couldn't be happier.  We knew what we all wanted so 3 of us got the Beef Wellingtons and the my wife got the 8oz. American Kobe Filet.  The other girls got salmon and a seafood sampler.  We decided to get 6 sides which were more than enough and we tested everything from mac and cheese, fingerling potatoes, cream of spinach and so on.  All of it was out of this world good, but the entrees were near perfection in every way.  You could cut our meats with a fork it was that tender.  When it was all said and done we didn't have any room for the famous sticky toffee pudding so take note that even though the items are a la carte it doesn't mean you need to over indulge.  . If it wasn't for the second half of our night and the African gentleman whose name I didn't get, the wine manager, and our waitress Jonel (name?) it would have been a lost everning and one I would love to forget.  I so badly wanted to give this place a 5 star and hopefully the front of the house issues will be resolved very soon.
Had a reservation for 9:15 pm. It was very easy to find through the Paris casino. Greeted and seated very quickly,  shown the "chandelier" which was a very cool idea. Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff. The service was what I expected, very alert, my water glass never went half way empty. I ordered the ricotta ravioli, she ordered the pea soup. For entrees I ordered the beef wellington and she had the kobe skirt steak. For sides we selected the grilled mushrooms and a stuffed potato. I was disappointed that the risotto was not available to order on its own. The only way to try it was ordering the hells kitchen pre-fix menu, and at $145 per person I did not want to try it that bad. With the exception of the pea soup, all the food was very good as expected. The peas soup was more like a puree of peas with a very earthy taste and the carrot jello-like thing in the middle was much too large for the bowl. For drinks we only tried the pink cocktail, with acai and blue berries. I did not try it but she said it was very good.. . The ravioli was a single piece which actually was filling, eaten one piece at a time. Very cool how an egg yoke comes out when its broken. The wellington was good, the meat was cooked perfectly, everything else (breading and filling) seemed a bit messy for my taste but was tasty. The mushrooms had very good flavor but I would have like more caps than stems. The kobe steak was very good. The skirt meat was fatty but so flavorful. The stuffed potato was huge, enough for 2 people maybe even 3-4 depending on how much you eat.  . . The 2 things I did not expect and did not like about this restaurant were: 1) there were diners in jeans and tank tops, flip flops, t-shirts, and shorts. This really killed any idea of this being a fancy restaurant. They should require some kind of dress code or at least collared shirts and slacks. 2) The music was way too loud, I could not have a normal conversation with the person sitting across from me. We had to raise our voice way too much.. . Overall the experience was good. With the many choices in Vegas I will most likely not come here again but it was cool to try just to say I have.
OK so let me set the scene...  I was a solo diner.  I have wanted to go forever to this restaurant and it was my birthday weekend.  Friends are coming to celebrate it July 4th weekend, so this left me on my own and I said 'I am doing this!'.  I was thrilled that via Open Table Steak easily accepted a reservation for 1 (which is not the case everywhere).  . . As others have said the hostess, seating situation, is a bit of train wreck.  As a solo diner they asked if I would be comfortable sitting at the bar, I asked if it was crowed and they said 'Yes packed.'  So I said nope not interested.  They told me to check back in 30 minutes then.  I do exactly that and was seated pretty quickly.  For me, eating alone, it was a great seat... at the base of the stairs, so lots of people watching I loved it!!!  Started with a dirty martini with the sickest olives ever...  blue cheese, bacon and onion YUMMMMMM!  Onto the spring mix salad which was very tasty and light and also my servers suggestion.  As a solo dinner I didn't want to order too much food ya know.  Onto main course...  Rib Cap (my favorite cut of meat), Mac and Cheese and Brussels Sprouts.  Rib cap was delish, although I like Scarpetta's better.  Mac and Cheese was amazing but I have a weakness for pasta with spring peas.  Brussels sprouts were really good, but the pieces of bacon were huge!  Left little room for a lot of sprouts, to the point where when i had eaten all the sprouts there was still half a container of bacon ( I didn't eat the bacon, to me it is there for flavor during the saute process).  Dessert was the sticky pudding that everyone raves about on here and it worth the rave, as is the french press coffee.  All in all the food was a Vegas steak house...   The service was excellent and the finishing touches and details were lovely.  Thank you Matthew (my attentive server) for a great night at a lovely restaurant.
I've been in here for my birthday, 24th. of April.Made the reservation 2 days prior to date.When in there we were welcomed by the maitre d'(i supposed), and he told us to have a sit near the bar?Ok, We ordered some drinks, I took something strong, a Balvenie in anticipation for the gastronomic wonder about to happen.. The waiter was more than ok, willing to show us all the secrets in how to surprise our eager taste buds.. We were served with different types of bread, though a little bit on the sweet side for me, very tasty.Foccacia at least was oily.. I had for the entree Kobe beef sliders and my wife had the foie gras.. By far the best burgers I ever had.Chunks of beef full of flavor topped with caramelized onion.Simple and amazing.. My wife she wasn't impressed by the foie gras, the fact that was rear and warm made it a little bit too greasy.I tasted it and again, full of flavors, the strawberry jam acid calming down the "greasy" sensation.Probably we should order it medium done and cold?. For the main I had the New York strip and my wife(being a fan of Hell's kitchen) had the Wellington beef, along with some sauteed mushrooms and fingerling poatoes as sides.Amazing?Heavenly?I really can't describe the feeling.. For the dessert we chose to go with the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream and it turned out to be a wonderful way to end up a amazing meal, so thank you Gordon!It's been our pleasure!   . Highly reccomend!
Gordon Ramsay, I love you but only four stars for this one & not because of the food. The hostesses are not very kind and the waiter (wish I remembered his name) was not that great either. The guys helping out were awesome so hopefully they got an good chunk of the tip. . We had a little too much to drink before we arrived and wanted to stick with water for the meal... um, the "still" water was $9 a bottle (which we didn't realize until the bill came). Really?! Anyway, the food was TO DIE FOR which is why I feel bad only giving four stars but if the service sucks, your not five star worthy. . For the price of the meal, one would think they would treat you a little better, you know?
Service was outstanding.  Drinks were great.  And the food was top notch!  . . My only complaint is simple: the tables for two are literally sitting on top of one another.  I felt like I was eating with another couple and privacy was nil.  But it was loud so that helped.  . . Bring a few extra bucks, its Vegas and a celebrity chef!  But worth every penny to say "We have been to GRS".
Pretty darn good food in general. And our servers were top notch. . Steaks are amazing. Best Beef Wellington I've ever had and so very flavorful skirt steak. I don't know which is better. . The wine is over priced. But my $28 glass of Cabernet tasted great.. I would eat here again but next time I would pass on the butter poached lobster tail and loaded baked potato. The lobster was OK but not worth the $38 for 4 inches of tail. That's $10 per bite. And the baked potato was no better than I could do at home. Very skimpy on the toppings.
As avid foodie fans of Gordon Ramsay, and not landing a reservation in his London restaurants, we set our sights on the ever growing culinary carnival of Las Vegas. Our expectations were high, and we were not disappointed.  . Nestled in the Paris casino, you are first guided by your hostess through a contemporary neon tunnel (arduously described in unnecessary detail of how it represents the tube in London.) The decor itself was comfortably simplistic.  Cocktails were perfectly built and presented in stylish glassware. The sleek and balanced silverware indicated an attention to detail appreciated by my party.. The "Hell's Kitchen" tasting menu was offered, and although cliche, included everything my friend wanted to try.  We almost hit a snag when they informed us that the entire table must order the tasting menu, which in a restaurant of this size and at full capacity, I was at a loss to understand the reasoning, other than feeling a bit gouged. But, if looked upon as entertainment, we all wanted to see the show, and set out on the prix fixe excursion together. Christopher, our waiter added the right amount of sardonic wit that complimented the food with flair. The staff was attentive and professional without being pretentious. The dinner itself was outstanding, perfectly prepared, and full of flavor, particularly the Beef Wellington.  Although I thought it was a bit exorbitant, the experience is one I would recommend to anyone at least once.
It was fun to go to one of Ramsey's restaurants! The food lived up to our expectations and the service was great too! My fish and chips still had their tails, which was kind of gross, but it tasted good! Definitely overpriced, but we knew that going in.
Service was great, wine list spectacular, although note to restaurants,  please offer a printed version of the iPad menu.  The iPads in Vegas are slow and tough to navigate.  Get yourself a new menu provider.  What a waste!. . We had the Beef Wellington, which was a perfectly cook Filet.  However, the crust soon fell apart, although light and flaky in the beginning.. . I've found that the more expensive the restaurant, the higher the expectations, the less chance you have of feeling you got your money's worth.  Of course, I haven't eaten at every restaurant in Vegas, but for the 6 or 7 high-end places I've been, I have always been disappointed.  I've had better luck in SF, LA, NYC, Florence, Paris, Rome, and believe it or not, Richmond, Virginia.
Went there last Saturday for dinner with my Mom. My overall experience was great. Did not have any problems with the reservations. Staff were very nice from the hostess up to the waiter its A+. Very knowledgable and explained every dish they served. . . Bread and Butter. -- they gave us a variety of breads. Its not your typical french bread. Loved the cheesy bread, and the roll with pancetta. It comes with butter topped with sea salt (from hawaii) which is quite good.. .  We had pimms cup (sparkling lemonade) for our cocktail, and it was very good. Very refreshing for a hot Vegas weather. It comes with a slice of cucumber, apple, orange and a couple of blueberries. Perfect cocktail for non-alcoholic drinker.. . Salads. -- i got the ceasars salad with scotch egg. It was good but i forgot to mention to go light on the dressing since i dont really like too much on my salad. Wished they put more eggs (quail egg) and not just a tiny piece on the plate. Loved the garlic croutons but the dressing is just overpowering for me.. . Ahi Tuna. -- my Mom loved it. I tasted a little bit of it. The tuna was perfectly seared. Very light dressing. I loved it.. . We did not order any other appetizers since we want to enjoy our entree right away. . . 32oz bone-in rib-eye. --- Hah!!! Very good. Very tasty. Very big! It was my mom's order but i ended up eating some of it. I prefer my steak medium and my mom liked it medium rare. I did enjoy the part that was seared but the rest of it was pretty raw for me. It has more fat than i expected. . Beef Wellington. -- ordered this one to get the taste of his signature dish. It was ok for me. The beef was perfectly cooked, and tender. the pastry was very flaky. It comes with potato puree and some root veggies. I think the red wine sauce was over reduced because some solidified on my plate. It was ok but i will probably order another dish next time. . . We wanted to have dessert but we are so full. Overall it was a great experience. Thanks for my fellow yelpers advising to order just the tap water than thr still water. It saved me $9. And also you may want to get a Total Rewards Card from them since they give you a much lower price if you have it.
I had the rib cap steak because that part of a ribeye is my favorite.  I was good, but not worth the price.  Mac and cheese and the breads were fantastic and the sticky toffee pudding is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth!  The noise level from the British rock blaring is unacceptable, though, and there was too much "explaining."  They explained the hokum of the Chunnel and the ceiling art, then they explained the meat, then they explained the bread.  All in all a nice dinner, I want more dessert!
A great experience.  The Chunnel entrance is very creative and the well trained staff do their best to make your arrival special.. . The beef wellington was great....as many have said the medium rare is not a deal killer if you a funny about meat.  It is flavorful and moist but not a hint of blood if that grosses you out.  Don't know how they do it but try this signature dish!. . The bread dish is the best I've ever had....don't skip it.. . Lively atmosphere, good people watching and service...the wine list is reasonable.   Well done.
Excellent service, good food. Sticky Toffee Pudding is worth the price tag
Great service, nice atmosphere- not too loud even though it was crowded. The restaurant simply looks elegant, and I loved the wingback chairs! Kobe beef, mac and cheese, and sticky toffee pudding are must eats-one of most delicious desserts of my life. Table was messy entire meal which I did not like for this caliber of restaurant. Server and other wait staff were very friendly and gave great recommendations. We enjoyed the tablet based drink list as well. We would definitely come back for a special occasion if we lived in Las Vegas.
I'll keep this review short and sweet since there are so many and it's such a popular restaurant people will keep coming regardless:. . Made reservations about a month in advanced, no problem being seated in a timely manner. Decor is really neat but the ambiance was a little loud and casual for my taste, being on a date and all.. . Timely and attentive service, if not a little *too* attentive at times.... . Bread sampler was definitely special, going through about 2 1/2 of them! Make sure to at least try them all, but don't get too full or you'll regret it as we did.. . I got the bone-in ribeye, which while delicious, still left a little to be desired...Oh and it was overcooked the first time which I had to send back. Even still I might prefer Ruths Chris more. My girlfriend got the fillet, which was out of this world, and perhaps one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten -- a must have! . . For sides we got the potato puree, which is exactly that: fairly runny and airy and really fantastic, just don't expect your traditional mashed potatoes. We also got the cheese/truffle mac and cheese. It was extremely rich and a little underwhelming. I'd much rather have passed on this and saved room for dessert. . . Overall, it is definitely worth returning to, just not in the near future with all the other seemingly-amazing restaurants and buffets on the strip. Without a doubt on the pricier side, but what else is there to expect?
I do love, love, love this place.. . The wine list went on for forever. AH-mazing. I don't usually dine at places as classy as this, so I was really taken aback when I was handed an iPad to use for surfing through the wine list. We had the Beaujolais Nouveau. I don't care if it wasn't in season yet, I wanted it and they had it! The wine went really well with our bone-in rib-eye steak. NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM! Thatmouthwatering goodness. I want to go back and finish all 24 oz on my own! It was huge. And, totally do-able once you know how frikkin' yummy it is...I mean you see how big this thing is gonna be when they show it to you on that magical meat cart that they push around so you know they mean business...and you tell yourself that it's impossible to eat the whole 24 oz on your own. You're wrong. You can. It's that good. Oh! And, let's not forget the loaded baked potato that stood by my rib-eye. It had the usual sour cream and chives, as one may expect. However, it was thick-cut bacon (slices, not pieces) and gouda bechamel to topped it off that made it absolute heaven.. . Thank you for feeding me.
Steak is great, foie gratis good as well and the fisherman's grill is surprisingly good!
Gordon Ramsay Steak has been high on my list of Las Vegas restaurants to try since it opened last year, when I sampled Ramsay's delicious beef wellington at the Vegas Uncork'd Grand Tasting. Ramsay has more than two dozen restaurants around the world now, ranging from Michelin three-star to mediocre. However, his steakhouse has garnered consistently strong reviews over the past year, so I anticipated a meal closer to the former (not that this restaurant has 3-star ambitions though). My dad's dined here before and enjoyed it, but this would be the first trip for the rest of our family.. . The USDA Prime steaks are from noted butcher Pat LaFrieda, dry aged a minimum of 28 days in a Himalayan salt room. The marbling (and pricing) moves up from there with a selection of both American wagyu and true Japanese wagyu. Each cut is on display at the onset of the meal, with the exception of the Japanese wagyu. If asked though, they will bring out the beautifully-marbled piece of cow.. . Even though we had a late reservation, many of us were still full from lunch at the aptly named Bacchanal Buffet. Still, my mother couldn't get enough of this bread, even requesting a second batch. Walnut, pancetta, mushroom-truffle, and foccacia made up the selection.. . Hamachi Crudo granny smith apple, iberico ham gelee, domestic caviar, perigord truffle - Our meal began with this light appetizer with an all-star cast of ingredients. I didn't get too much of the iberico ham gelee flavor, but the tender fish was definitely tasty with the salinity of the caviar and earthines of truffle.. . Smoked Beef Tartare lemon zest, red onion, capers, guinness infused mustard seeds, yukon gold herb chips - Loved the presentation of this dish, with the smoke aroma making it all the way to the table. Indeed a slight smokiness imbued the raw beef, complemented by the heat of the mustard seeds. The lemon zest and red onions helped to brighten up the bites, while potato chips obviously provided the texture.. . Royal Long-Bone Chop for two, 32oz - My dad and I split this bone-in ribeye. Cooked just right with a crusty sear and pink, medium-rare interior, the meat was very tender and juicy. However, I didn't get as much of a beefy depth of flavor as I anticipated. Very good, but not great (for $98, I wanted great).. . Roasted Beef Wellington glazed root vegetables, potato puree, red wine demi glace - My mother and brother went for the beef wellington for two, which didn't share the same presentation as the ribeye. It just looked like two single orders. The wellington was as I remembered, with an earthy mushroom filling complementing the relatively-mild flavor of the tenderloin. Cooked just right. A flaky crust wrapped up each bite, while the red wine demi glace added a ton of flavor as well.. . American Wagyu Rib Cap 8oz - My dad tried this cut last time and wanted to get an order to share for the table. Indeed, the ribeye cap is becoming a very trendy cut of beef nowadays. This American wagyu first came to our table devoid of any pink; the restaurant's second try yielded a rare-medium rare. As expected, this was an excellent piece of meat, with a fatty richness that really defines the ribeye cap. However, my dad remembered it being more stand-out last time.. . Loaded Baked Potato smoked gouda bechamel, sour cream, bacon, chives - This potato was huge! It was done well, with a fluffy, steaming-hot interior melting the cheese and sour cream. Add some bacon lardons, and these were some rich bites. Pretty tasty.. . Chocolate Layers chocolate cake, passion fruit ganache layers, dark chocolate gianduja ice cream - Flavors of chocolate and hazelnut were the primary profiles here, complemented by just a bit of passion fruit.. . Caramel "Banoffee" banana toffee tarts, chocolate creameaux, coffee ice cream, cocoa nib, cotti thyme - Served warm, this dessert had a very flaky pastry with strong banana and caramel/toffee flavors. I really liked the combination of flavors, and the hot-cold from the pastry and coffee ice cream really worked well.. . Our meal at Gordon Ramsay Steak was very good, though fell short of very high expectations. Maybe my expectations were unrealistically high, but I found the ribeye to be missing a little more of the beefy depth of flavor, and the inconsistency of the ribeye cap was a concern. And while the appetizers were much stronger than the average steakhouse, they weren't altogether that memorable. Still, this has to be one of the best steakhouses in the city and a reliably good meal.
One of the best meals I have ever had was at this restaurant.  The beef Wellington is the signature dish. Melt in your mouth beef with a tender pastry. Divine! Excellent customer service as well -- they even brush off the bread crumbs for after the bread service. While you are waiting for your main course, they bring out the beef rack where they educate you on the different cuts of beef and how they are cooked. Very educational! Overall excellent food and above average customer service. Pricey but worth it. Make a reservation tonight !
This restaurant is pretty and super busy.  We came here on our first day of vacation in Vegas. The hostesses were super nice. When I got to our table, the water guy immediately asked me if I wanted regular bottled water or sparkling water. I kept telling him tap water. My hubby went to change since they say they have a dress code even though we saw other people in jeans and flip flops. Our server was really trying hard to upsell us on additional items on the menu and even wheeled out a cart full of different cuts of beef.  As it was already 9pm, all I wanted was to order my food and enjoy dinner. We had a $40 dinner credit from Expedia and saw our server looking at us when we were reading which restaurants accepted it. We both ordered the bone in ribeye and an order of foie gras to go with it. I thought I died and went to heaven as I but into my first piece of foie gras. It was freaking delicious and a generous piece at that. My ribeye was cooked perfectly and much too big for me to finish. We still managed to order dessert. I had the chocolate lovers and hubs had the infamous butter toffee cake. The butter toffee cake really stood out. It was so delicious. Other than the pushy server, this place was the best out of all the restaurants we dined at in Vegas.
London in Paris! Steakhouse to be measured by.. . Gordon brought a memorable dining experience to us Las Vegans with his Steak @ Paris. Great wine list to pair with the wide array of steaks that are brought out to each customer on their custom meat tray. I suggest ordering the 4-course pairing. Started with the Roasted Beet salad w/ ricotta, mushrooms and a champagne vinaigrette. 2nd course was the Asparagus Soup w/ dungeness crab, Parmesan custard and smoked caviar. By far, the best soup I have had in Las Vegas. 3rd course was the special Roasted Beef Wellington w/ red wine demi glace. Our dessert was a fantastic Panna Cotta w/ sorbet and a candied twill. One of the best meals in a while. Left fully satisfied and not too gorged on the wallet. We paired dinner with the 2009 Honig Cabernet Sauvignon. Phenom wine for value. Will be back. . Other entrees dying to try: Hanger Steak and Rib Cap.. . Visited May 2012.
Great experience after having had a horrid one at Mastro's Ocean Club. I had the Wellington, Ramsay's signature dish. It didn't disappoint. Wife and son had sirloin steaks, as I recall. My only gripe was the music...it wafts in from the bar and it's not really appropriate for a relaxing dinner at a fine steak house. But the food was A+! And I was a skeptic...figured Ramsay was probably an overrated TV personality...but he can execute a restaurant, no doubt.
My sister is a food channel enthusiastic and fell in love with Gordon Ramsay's shows. So we made it a mission to try it out. . . We made reservation 1 month ahead of time to fit in a party of 7. When we arrived 15 minutes before our reservation, we were given the option to wait in the lounge area where we can order drinks and wait for our table. Their HK Antioxidant is most refreshing! Tastes like blueberry lemonade! A must try!. . Once seated and ready to order, our waiter brings out a display with all the different types of beef/steak on the menu - except for the fact it was raw. This almost deterred me from getting anything beef or steak alike, but in the end I still went with the Marcho Farms Veal Chop.. . While the Veal Chop was delicious, I must rave about their dessert - Sticky Toffee Pudding. Their Sticky Toffee Pudding is simply - amazing! The combination of the warm and sweet pudding cake doused in brown sugar toffee syrup is quite extraordinary!. . Only negative point was that towards the end of the night our waiter was gone and it seems as if none of the other waiter knew we existed for a while. Eh~
Awesome restaurant, nice vibe to the place. Waiters kind of hover around you which is annoying, but the food makes up for it. Get a steak, since it is a steakhouse. Also the toffee pudding desert at the end of your meal is a must have...no matter how full you are!
The Market Green salad was the best part of the meal and that's not an insult to the rest of the meal; each bite was bursting with freshness and flavor in a way I've never experienced in a salad before..   The New York Strip was the the best quality of meat I've ever encountered; heavy marbling, tender meat.  I ordered it black and blue because I'm a steak purist, not a steak heretic.  The watercress leaves and the sauce were an impressive flavor addition that only enhanced the flavor of the steak, and did not cover anything up.  That being said, I assumed I didn't need to talk time and temperature with them when paying $63 for a steak in Chef Ramsay's kitchen.  Their version of black and blue was cooked at too low a temp for too long; crust too thick and under done..   The bone marrow came highly recommended by friends, I'm not a fan of just fat..   The asparagus was my second favorite side; fresh, crisp, not over cooked, and the light morel cream was perfect..   The gratineed spinach
The perfect place for my first review. I've long been a fan of Gordon Ramsey and went on a mission when I came to Vegas to try one of his restaurants. The bread they gave us was a delicious start to the meal. We decided that was the only appetizer we needed for the meal. Now onto the main reason to come here. Everybody knows that Gordon Ramsey's famous dish is the beef Wellington and there aren't a whole lot of place that serve it. That was an obvious choice for one entree. We also decide to try the New York since this was supposed to be a steak place. Let me tell you how big a mistake that was. Avoid the steaks and instead get another beef Wellington. While the steak was cooked perfectly cooked medium rare, it was rather plain and did not have any wow factor to it. The beef Wellington on the other hand was absolutely delicious and was everything I expected it to be and more. For our sides we tried the Mac and cheese along with the fingerling potatoes. For my money the Mac and cheese was not worth, I'd rather save 12 dollars and get Kraft. On the other hand The fingerling potatoes were amazing and went perfectly with the two entrees. For desert our waiter suggested the sticky toffee pudding with vanilla butter ice cream. Let me preface this by saying that I'm normally not a big fan of sweets, but this was absolutely the perfect way to end the meal. While the sticky toffee was incredibly sweet, the ice cream was the perfect companion and together the taste was just delightful. . If I were to rate just the beef Wellington and the sticky toffee pudding, this place would get five stars. But mostly because I was disappointed in the steak I have to knock it down one.
FAMOUS FOR. - Steaks. . BUZZ. - Sticky Toffee Pudding (8/10). - Mac & Cheese. . I ALSO TRIED. - Kurobota Pork Belly (9/10). - Bone In Rib Eye (6/10). - Haricot Vert (9.9/10). . To kick off our engineering retreat, our flight arrived in Vegas around 7:40p, and then came here for a 9:00p reservation! Ihonestly was planning on just doing In n Out and throwing away a few dollars at the casino in preparation for tomorrow's meetings, but the boss man insisted we do Vegas right starting from the moment we landed! Who was I to argue? . . In Vegas, the word "sensual" can describe just about everything. The entrance is guarded by 5 hostesses who seem like they're just there to look pretty...and they're doing a damn good job! It almost seems like a space ship entryway, because they're all wearing a very "sensual" opaque outfit that gives them this enticing sheen. Probably by design, they say they need 15 minutes to prepare your table, so they walk you to the bar. Then one of the hostesses comes by and gets you. In Vegas, everything is made so that you spend money comfortably. They tell you it's no big deal to transfer your tab to your table. Don't sweat it! . . So there's this guy, Gordon Ramsay, who prances around television telling every chef that they suck, how he has Michelin stars, and they should find another career, unless they win one of his contests, in which case, he finds them worthy to run a restaurant under his name. So, for a guy with a big ego, there's a lot of hype riding on this meal, which is my first Gordon Ramsay place ever.. . KUROBOTA PORK BELLY. Basically 5 cube pieces of pork belly served on a dish with a dollop of grits and other stuff. The pork belly is incredible, in fact, it's perfect! There is a perfect amount of char on the top layer to give it a delicate crisp. Meanwhile, there is such a great sweet but deep flavor in the bite size piece that has all the characters of a great pork flavor, but also with just enough fat to give it almost a spongy and super tender texture. There're a couple different sauces smeared on the plate, and I honestly don't remember what they tasted like, but the pork belly stole the show anyway.. . BONE IN RIBEYE. So Gordon, nice appetizer. But let's talk main course! I haven't had a lot of Kurobota pork belly before, but I have a large repertoire of premium steaks to compare against. Can you hang?. . The steak had a very clean presentation. Nice char - the kind that looks like freshly cooled molten rock, with small ditches where the marbling (fat) didn't char. It's a great looking char, but with the first jab of the fork and slice of the knife, I'm missing the suspenseful sound of crispy char. Little disappointing, but let's eat! First bite, I find that there was in fact a little bit of char there, but not enough to really lend any flavors. Good marks for technical quality - medium rare was spot on. It was moist and juicy. The steak was tender, but not nearly as tender as a 40 or 55 day dry aged David Burke's steak (Ramsay only does 28), but the Achilles heel was the seasoning. This seems to be the problem with all Vegas steaks I've tried, from SW to Carnevino to Ramsay's, they all have the same problem. They're about 80% of the way to being an eclectic steak, but it's always that hurdle. So, unfortunately, we have a tie with all the other Vegas steaks...which I consider to be less than Morton's.. . HARICOT VERT. That's ok Gordon, there's still the sides! I had no idea what this was, but it turns out it's French for what we call green beans/string beans. Basically, they're green beans in a tempura batter, fried. But when you have them, it's so much more! The tempura is absolutely perfect! It's so crispy, and maintains that crispness for a long time! The beans are still tough enough to snap when you bite, but they're not crunchy raw. And the seasoning is just so right on! They come with a garlic aioli to dip, but you don't even need it! It's as if each piece was seasoned and personally inspected. I can't get enough of these! . . STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. Before he could finish his sentence asking about dessert, I (since I researched on Yelp) ordered this. It's pretty amazing. It's buttery and super rich! There's no crunchy toffee, but it's all sort of baked in. Just read the description, daydream about it, and that's exactly how it tastes! Texture is like a warm tres leches cake. Delicious, but a couple bites were a little too sweet.. . . "THE BEEF IS SO RAW IT'S STARTING TO EAT THE F***ING SALAD!". Had to use a GR meme! No the beef was not raw, it was cooked perfectly medium rare. Well, I guess there're a lot of creative things you can do to green beans, pork belly, and things like that. But a steak...there's not a lot of room for creativity; at least not without transforming it from a Steak to a "Beef Dish." Sorry to say, main course was completely outdone by its appetizers & sides. I bet non-steak entrees are delicious! Too bad the restaurant is called "Steak."
It could have been a great experience...but service totally ruined our "good experience". So why a 4 star? Because the food was still great, just service was... ugh. You would expect much more from a place like this. So when you come in, they only give you the drink menu to order, then 15 minutes come to get your drink order. Then 15 minutes later they give you the regular menu. 10 minutes later then come to get your order, and if you don't get an appetizer, the waiter "frowns" upon you and would tell you this "well your entrees are going to take longer to come out because you're not ordering a appetizer" That doesn't make sense? Because if we order appetizers, wouldn't it take even longer for our entrees to come out? I think he thought we were cheap, and that was not the case. . . We ordered beers, and didn't want appetizers because we didn't want to get full. We didn't even touch the bread. We know with steak places like this, the steak is huge and appetizers would make us even more full. We also order 2 sides (potatoes & mac n cheese) and the waiter was like "you would usually order 3. We felt like he was trying to up sale on everything and gave us an attitude when we didn't take his recommendations. I felt he thought we were cheap and didn't want to order a lot. FYI, we had a show to attend and couldn't waste our time on food we didn't eat. Ugh, it's service like this! Vegas nobody gives you good service because they will always have people coming, but geez, this guy man... we gave him more than 20% tip too. He doesn't deserve it! . . The steak was good. I shared a porterhouse for 2 with my bf, the filet melted in your mouth. Good filet part. The NY strip part was good, wasn't the best, but it was good. Not the best steakhouse I've been too (probably service turned us off a bit too) Sides were great though, the mac and cheese was sooo good. . . We made reservations a month in advance. We still love Gordon Ramsay. Just be prepare to be judged... but again, "that's Vegas" for you.
Four stars for one reason.  My Beef Wellington is still better than the $50 Wellington here.  Not enough mustard on the meat, no thyme in the mushroom duxelles, no prosciutto around the meat (weird, flavorless ham stuff on the pastry shell instead).  Better quality filet than I can get out the grocery store though.  I use Gordon's Wellington recipe too.. . That being said, the service is wonderful and there is a definite attention to detail.  Could have toned down the weird music, didn't know if I was supposed to be in an upscale restaurant or a club that serves really good food.. . We started off with the free bread they provide, which was outstanding.  We order the Kobe beef sliders (2 for $18).  Very tender meat and a good amount of it on the slider.  Probably wouldn't order them again as I didn't see anything special.. . We both got the Wellington of course.  Nice presentation and cooked perfectly.  I did notice a lot of salt on the pastry.  That doesn't bother me, but might be too much for others.. . All in all, definitely a great restaurant and experience.
We went to Gordon Ramsay Steak in our last Vegas trip, which seems like a landmark you just have to visit at least once.  It was not hard to find if you enter from the Strip entrance of the Paris hotel especially when it has a red grand entrance.  The tables seem to be running late when we arrived on time and still had to wait about 5-10 minutes.. . For drinks, you order from an iPad menu, which was quite neat.  First item our server introduced to us was the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu, which was a 4 course meal for $145/person featuring dishes from Hell's Kitchen.  The odd was actually requiring everyone in your party to order it.  Price was reasonable for high-end fine dining, but too bad the wife was not onboard, so I could not try it.  I guess pick your party carefully next time?. . We started the meal with British Ale Soup and Maine Lobster.  The soup tasted ok, it reminds of a bad French onion soup.  The lobster had some great combined flavor with a decent sauce and nuts at the bottom.  The breads were actually very good, and there were about three different varieties.. . For main course, we ended up getting the Beef Wellington for two, they can only cook it at Medium Rare for some unknown reasons, good thing both of us eat steaks at that rareness.  Since they baked the steak and combining with the pastry, it really did taste like a roast beef sandwich in some ways.  The potato puree really resembled mash potato on the side.  It tasted great overall.. . Service was excellent that night and we briefly saw Christina Wilson when we first sat down.  I think I will return once I gathered the correct foodie and spendy party next time.  The ordering just felt too restricted.
I love Gordon Ramsay but I'm not in love with this restaurant. . . Because of his reputation and the food quality of his restaurants, I actually expected this place to be less casual and a bit more sophisticated and quiet.  However, this place was very casual and the music was a bit loud. . . The service was very attentive and our waiters were remarkably knowledgeable.  . . We started off with their complimentary bread samples, which were good.  For appetizers we had the Foie Gras. T'was my first time and it was exquisitely lovely!  We also ordered, of course, the famous beef wellington... which was delicious but a bit over-hyped.  The beef wellington did melt in my mouth and the texture and taste were overall tasty. However, it was a bit too cool as if it had been sitting out for at least 30 mins.   If I remember correctly, the bf had the rib-eye.  . . We also ordered the mac and cheese but by the time the mac and cheese came out, we were way too stuffed to enjoy it.  I like my mac and cheese on the creamy side and the mac and cheese here was thick and a bit dry for my taste.  Not a fan. . . Overall, it was a good dining experience but it was not worth the price.  The high price basically compensates for the extraordinary service.  I wouldn't go back at this specific location again but if Ramsay opens up another restaurant nearby, I'd definitely try it.
The service was spectacular . We order the filet it was good but very expensive $79 dlls. For 8oz  the waitress said it was because it was marbel. And it give it more flavor.. I really didn't feel it was worthed.. The onion soup was good, but a little too sweet. And we love the spinish cream. I really wish I like it better.. I love Gordon's burgr at the planet hollywood. A lot more than this one.
We came in here with our five month old scared from the reviews about the noise level. It's loud, but all of Vegas is loud so we were happy we got to keep our reservations and try out gordan ramsays famous beef wellingtons.. . I tried finding reviews on yelp and other sights if this is a restaurant you can bring your kid in and while it's not made for kids the staff was very helpful and accommodating to all our needs. . . Now for the food. The hubby and I do not go out to expensive restaurants but we love Hell's Kitchen and wanted to try it out. I'm a burgers and fries kinda girl and the hubby likes everything so here are our thoughts on the food.. . Bread-- yummy!!!! The best thing I ate by far. So much flavor in every bite... I'm sad we didn't get asked if we wanted more like other reviews had said.. foie gras--I couldn't eat it. Tasted like a chunk of fat to me. The hubby ate it with no problem. Licked it cleaned.. Entree-- both got beef wellingtons. I think I enjoyed the carrots and puree better then the Wellington I guess I imagined it tasting better but it literally is just meat wrapped in pastry puff. The hubby loved it and ate my other portion.. Sides---mac n cheese, yummy but I can make better lol and fingerling potatoes... Good but tasted like something you can make at home.. . So since the food here was good to me and not great why 4 stars? Because they were so accommodating to us with our infant and it's definitely worth a try.
Before I elaborate on the review (and whether you choose to continue reading), all you really have to know are these two very important points:. 1. Food is excellent. Like, seriously guaranteed to be one of the best meals of your life.. 2. Service has gone down, dramatically (And I say this, dramatically. Though, still true!).. . The first trip was definitely worth the 5 stars. Top notch service: very attentive, energy levels were high(high enough to wake me from my hangover), both very important keys in taking a good dining experience to a memorable one. The second time, was an entirely different experience. I wanted to bring my boyfriend here because he's a HUUUGE fan of Gordon Ramsay and I've been raving about the best steak I'd ever had in my life being from this restaurant. When we got there, the hostess checked us into our reservation but there was still a 20 minute wait. The last time I was here, they offered us seats at the bar to wait at but it seems the bar itself has become its own attraction so it was packed and we had to kind of awkwardly stand around instead since there's no real waiting area. After we were taken to our seats, it went from awkward to uncomfortable. Our multiple waiters seemed miserable and our main waiter seemed genuinely annoyed that he was waiting on us. He didn't crack a smile ONCE. I think he even scoffed under his breath when we turned down dessert. However, the food definitely makes up for the attitude. I got the filet mignon both times, and they were excellent both times. It was just as good as I had it the first time around! Very juicy, and very flavorful. It was obviously a high quality cut of meat and in Gordon Ramsay fashion, kept it simple to accentuate the dish's natural flavor. Also, the foie gras is extremely rich and buttery. I almost melted into a pool of my own drool (we no longer have foie gras in California, you see.). Still dying to try his signature Beef Wellington! Will certainly have to save that for another trip. . . Regardless, my boyfriend lapped it up. He was too focused on the food to notice the rude waiters so he was very happy with his first Gordon Ramsay experience. We still had a good time so the night wasn't entirely ruined. Hopefully you won't get the sour faced waiter, either! . . P.S. It's $9 for each bottle of water! I mean it's delicious water, but we definitely wouldn't have gone through 3 bottles of it had we known.
One of the most enjoyable meals we've had in a long time. Donnie and Mohonadu made our stay very pleasant. They were very attentive. . . I enjoyed a bone-in New York strip steak that was seasoned well. The asparagus and fingerling potatoes were awesome. And the deserts were sinfully delicious. The one complaint we can note was that my wife's pork chop was to well done. She had an extremely hard time cutting it. She had such a hard time that she gave up trying to eat it. . . The atmosphere was great as well. Eating at Gordon Ramsay Steak may be the only reason my wife and I would return to Vegas.
This, out of all the experiences we've had on our five weeks trip, is probably one of the most longed restaurant experiences. We booked the table as soon as we decided that we were gonna pass by Vegas, around 3-4 months prior to the actual visit. We didn't think that it was such a big deal, since we booked that long in advance. Apparently, the receptionist in our hotel in Vegas disagreed. Once we said this was gonna be one of the highlights in our trip, she commented:"how'd you guys manage to get a table there?! You booked it 3 years in advance or something?" Boy, did our eyes popped out and our jaws dropped when she mentioned it. Well, luck was in our favour, I guess. . . Since we checked out on the internet how we were supposed to dress (business casual), my boyfriend and I slipped into something fancier than our jeans and tshirt. He slipped into a shirt and dark trousers while I into a pair of heels and a dress. When we got there though, we were left a bit disappointed and felt a bit silly with our outfits. We saw people with khaki shorts and checkered board yellow shirt, tshirt, and all those outfits that we never would've thought to be categorised into "business casual". I thought if you want to have a dress code for the restaurant, it would be best to keep it that way.. . The rest of the visit though, was beyond our expectations. We got a table upstairs where people were dressed fancier (plus and minus for us, since we totally missed Christina from Hell's Kitchen) and the waiter was very knowledgeable. He pulled out a meat trolley (yes, I mean it!) and showed us the different cuts and all the goodness that came with the cuts. In the end though, we were tempted by the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu. We got five dishes and all were accompanied by wine that matches it. To say that the food was great was to say the least. The scotch egg was perfectly cooked, the tomato heirloom salad got this vinaigrette that could turn a meat lover into an herbivore.  The risotto was creamy and scallop was seared finely. The wellington, it just melt in your mouth like it was nobody's business. The sticky toffee pudding was just heavenly. It was sticky, sweet, and you just want to lick your plate and ask for second.. . In the end of the night, we left the restaurant very pleased, full and a bit tipsy. I don't know if it was the alcohol they kept serving us with each dish that made the food tasted superb, but what I know was that if I was to visit Vegas again, I would definitely make sure to make a reservation here again. Every penny was worth it.
I am a huge fan of chef Ramsay, so when I got the opportunity to dine here, I was so excited. It was amazing! The food was amazing, but the service made the experience incredible. The only negative our party had was that an extra dirty martini was far from perfect, even after sending it back. However, that was a tiny part of a delicious meal. I had heard amazing things about the dessert,a me the sticky toffee pudding did not disappoint! While I doubt I'll ever get to eat here again because it is extremely expensive, I look forward to trying his other Vegas restaurants and if I ever have the opportunity to return to Steak, I would jump on it!
We stopped here for a quick appetizer and drink because my fiance is a HUGE Ramsay fan.  We got the American Kobe beef sliders (wtf is that really?) which were about $18 for 2, but well worth it (especially when our entire tab was comped by Trent's casino host).  The presentation was whatever and the price was high, but let me just say that those things melted in your mouth. It was like eating a filet mignon mini-burger.  Fantabulous!  I wish we would have know that someone else was paying, because we definitely would have sprung for the Beef Wellington for 2.  Oh well, live and learn.
Ok This is my first yelp review so bare with me...so this was my first time here @ Gordon Ramsay Steak and in Vegas for that matter... I have to start with my reservation was originally for 5:45 but after walking around for hours in the casino I asked the hostess if she could get us in early which was right around when they opened @ 4:30..  She was very nice and gave us a table.. Inside is very nice very clean and I love the way they set up the booths which is where we were seated.. They are set up so every other table is well like this ~~~~~~~~ Anywho, Donnie and Mohomad were our servers... They were both very nice and attentive. Great service from both of them!!! .   So I had the onion soup which was very good along with Rib Eye steak with potato puree .. Have to say was one of the BEST steaks I've ever had... . . My girlfriend had the Caesar salad and signature beef Wellington she enjoyed them both.. We then shared the infamous Sticky Toffee Pudding with brown butter ice cream and WOW loved it!!!  My only complaint would be $17 for a Caesar salad that was literally 5 lettuce leaves with croutons and shaved parm.. that's a little ridiculous I think... Other than that everything was great!! Thanks to Donnie & Mohomad!!
The last two times we went to Vegas, we had to check out Gordon Ramsay's upscale Steakhouse.. . The place has a very nice ambiance ans is also innovative with its menu presented on an iPad which is what Gordon Ramsay seems to do in all his Restaurants. . . Their food may come in small portions, but you get great quality food that is truly delicious. The bread selections as appetizer before your meal will get you started for a great meal and any steak is highly recommended. A classic staple is -of course - Gordon's Beef Wellington. My favorite, however, is the steak that just melts in my mouth: The Kobe knee cap..  . As a dessert to finish your meal, you must try their sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream! . . I will definitely be back.
Nothing short of AMAZING. . . Splitting a salad, steak, and a side was enough to cure my hunger for more, I only wish it'd never end. The American Kobe Rib Cap with Foie Gras was delicious enough to satisfy even the most insatiable desire. . . The food and service is all 5 star quality but the menu pricing is as if they expect everyone to be hitting the jackpot in the near future.
We had a great time here.  The service was fantastic and we were taken care of by several people.  My husband and I did the for 2 beef wellington, the American Kobe sliders, oysters, asparagus, and loaded baked potato.  . . The baked potato was huge, but I wouldn't call it fully loaded (it had butter, salt, pepper and bacon).  The asparagus was a little tough and under seasoned.  Everything else was phenomenal.  The beef wellington cut like butter and was a wonderful rare color.  The sliders were the best I have ever had... so yummy!  . . My mom had the seasoned beans and they were super good too!  My brother got the sticky toffee for desert and that was excellent.  I got the cream filled donuts and the dipping sauces they were also very good.
good food, great service.
Good food. Had the Kobe rib cap, probably the greatest thing I've ever eaten.  Wife and kids had Wellington, which they enjoyed. . . Sommelier was a douche nozzle of the highest order. Wait staff was excellent.
Great service and great food! We were served by friendly waiters, Donnie and Mohomado, during our visit to the restaurant. Ordered the signature Beef Wellington, Braised Short Ribs and creamy spinach. And the famous Sticky Toffee Pudding is completely out of this world! :)
Seeing as this place is on the vegas strip, this place can get crowded. Make sure you make a reservation. Before ordering, the waiter brings out samples of the beautiful cuts of steaks for you to inspect. I ordered the beef wellington, it was excellent. You will likely wait around 30 mins for your steak to be prepared.
Had dinner here on 12/7/13 as part of a birthday celebration and am glad I did.  Our host/server Chirs and Johnny were excellent.  They succiently explained menu items, with recommendations based upon what we told them were our taste preference.  Had NY strip (cooked to perfection), lamb combination, and seafood combination.  Strongly recommend them.  The sides of carrots and loaded potato was extremely tastey and I loved the HK Antioxidate drinks.  In fact their specialty drinks are great.. . Can't rave enough about the service.  Everyone from the excellent Chris and Johnny, to the bartenders and hostess were extremely good.  . . Love the chunnel aspect, the balcony booth we sat in, and the overall decor.  . . A little pricy but worth it.. . I will be going back and taking the family with me.
pretty good. I would come back
It's been more than a year since my last visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak.  Being it December, I decided on coming back to have another Beef Wellington since it seemed like the perfect meal for the holidays.. . Unfortunately, while the food was top notch, my waiter almost killed the experience because he was pretty slow and at times was no where to be found when I needed him.  The most bizarre part was how I sat at my table for a good 20 minutes without a menu.  Not a big deal, since I already knew what I would be ordering, but I just thought it was strange how I wouldn't have a menu right off the bat to look at.  My waiter did do what he was scripted to do like explain all the meats from the cart (The Meat Wagon! --  http://bit.ly/1h8BxQw).  It's still impressiveto look at, but if you've been there before like I have, it does drag down the ordering process for me.. . With all that said though, I still had an amazing meal.. . Kurobuta Pork Belly -- http://bit.ly/1c2cjnM. w/ cheesy grits, tomato jam, onion pork jus. This was a really good appetizer to start off with.  The pork belly just melted in my mouth like butter!!  Interesting take on a southern dish.. . Beef Wellington -- http://bit.ly/19j6hfQ. Still the best tasting Beef Wellington I've ever had.  Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!  Wellington was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was juicy and full of flavor.. . French Press Coffee -- http://bit.ly/1hGdgBV (pic from my last review). Same coffee and and flavor spoons as my last visit.  This time I used both the Amaretto and Baileys flavor spoons.  Still was a great way to cap off my meal.. . All in all, it was a very good dinner but the service from my waiter was under par.  It's really too bad I have to downgrade to 4 stars, but maybe next time I come by I'll have a more attentive waiter.  Still worth visiting if you're in Vegas and want a great dining experience.
My boyfriend and I came here with a $200 gift certificate in hand, and we found no problem spending it and then some. We started with waiting for a few minutes at the bar, where I ordered a perfect dirty martini and the boyfriend got to catch up on basketball scores. Shortly after, we were seated.. . For apps, we got the smoked steak tartare, beet salad, and corn chowder. Each were good - not great - though the chips served with the tartare were addictive. . . For our entrees, we shared the Beef Wellington and the Kobe American rib cap. It was a tough decision, but the meat pushed around on a cart helped us make the choice between the bone in rib eye and the rib cap. The Wellington was hands down my favorite item of the night - the meat was as soft as butter and the crust was the best I've ever had. The rib cap was good, but it fell short of the our waitresses description as the "best ribeye we will ever have." On the side we got mushrooms. They were perfect.. . We skipped dessert because we were too full, but the table next to us said they loved the toffee cake.. . Excellent dinner. Spot on service. Total tab: $250,
