another fine cds show. this one is asian themed with a strong martial arts influence. writing this review primarily to leave a few tips:. . - check the cirque website, they often have promotional offers for the vegas shows.. . - pick up tickets early in the day. you don't want to be stuck in the will call line as the show begins. i went at noon and there was still a gang of people either buying or picking up tickets.. . - i had front row seats. great right? well, maybe. we were really close to the action. so close, in fact, i had to pull my legs in a couple times for fear of tripping the performers as they ran by. and it was fantastic to see the facial expressions and the detail in the costumes. but for this show, i think seats a few rows back would have been better.. . we spent much of the show with our necks craned back as we watched some of the acrobatics that were performed on the vertical stage.
The mechanical platform is astounding, but the storyline and pace of the show is pretty blah.  (Sit near the front if you can because acrobats swoop over your head and you get a good view of the height of the stage.)  Not the best Cirque I've seen, but Cirque is a little like pizza - even when it isn't great, it is still pretty damn good.
I was lucky enough to get to see this show with my husband. We had GREAT seats right up front and near the stage. The story was there a little hard to follow but still a great show none the less. This was our first CDS and we will def go back for more! . . You can get drinks before the show which is always a plus. Only reason I am not giving a perfect score is because in life is anything ever perfect........ :--)
The best analogy for this show is like eating the "perfect bite" of nachos. You get a little bit of everything to satisfy your hunger. . . Honestly, I didn't know what to expect, since I hadn't researched any Vegas shows. We left it in the hands of a relative to choose a show that he was able to get us tickets to. I am so grateful for the opportunity to see this show..it exceeded any expectations I had. Action packed. Exhilarating. Captivating. Amazing. Mind boggling. Well-rounded. . . Without giving away too much, here's some reasons to go see this show:. -Acrobats leave you with the "wow" factor. -Costumes are well done. -Stage, set and special effects REALLY add to the show. -Theater seats are comfortable with speakers in the headrest. . This show is great for adults, but in my opinion, complexity of the characters might be inappropriate for kids under 7. (Costumes might be a little scary.). . Bottom lines is that we walked away more then satisfied and really enjoyed it. If I had to pay $70 to see it, I would.
This was my very first Cirque du Soleil show. My friends and I had heard lots of positive reviews on the show. Our friend found pretty cheap tickets and the seats were pretty close to the front and off to the side.  I think it was an off night, since the majority of the theater was not full.. . The show was awesome. Not the most heavily aerobatic but still very good. Good story line. Very entertaining up till the very end. When they were fighting on the wall I got bored. . . Heart the wiggle worm!
Second favorite Cirque show!. . The theater is very big and nice, and so is the stage. Obviously, the farther back the less you see, but it seemed like you could get a decent view of the acts from anywhere you are. Try checking on discount websites to see if you can get deals on closer seats.. . Acts: Aside from LOVE, this show is also visually pleasing. It's not one of the more colorful ones,  but the fact that the stage is constantly moving keeps you constantly engaged. Your heart skips beats when acrobats are hanging from rods and moving from one to the other. It's like a human pinball machine, or a human plinko if any of you guys watch the Price is Right. Each act is very different from the other, and they get more and more daring and impressive, which I felt was something lacking in "O" and other Cirque shows.. . The only thing I would complain about is the price of photography. They do this thing where they take a picture of you, airbrush/photoshop it to make you look stunning, then try to sell you a booklet (with like, 3 photos in it) for $40. It just makes you sad, mannnnnnn.. . Other than that, I'd definitely recommend this show to anyone looking for something to keep them ahhhhhh-ing and ooooohhh-ing.
We received free show tickets with our hotel reservation at Circus Circus (which was just about the only positive thing about our stay there, but that's another review), and our first choice was the Saturday KA show.  We were able to reserve 2 seats for the 7pm show.  Neither my boyfriend or I have ever been to a Cirque du Soleil show before, so we didn't really know what to expect other than some colorful costumes and exciting acrobatics.  KA did not disappoint!. . The story was a little bit tough to follow at times, as there is no (English) spoken dialect, but the choreography and stage effects kept us entertained the entire show.  There were a couple of slower parts which seemed to drag on a little longer than I would have liked, but they were quickly followed by some dramatic scenes with pretty amazing special effects.  Throw in a couple of funny scenes, and we were left feeling very well entertained.  Even my boyfriend liked it, and he is not generally the "show-going" type.. . Unfortunately, I was sitting next to a couple who seemed more interested in playing grab-ass, whispering, kissing, and giggling with each other than they were in actually watching the show... so my experience may have been tainted a bit by my desire to punch both of them in the face.  Otherwise, it was a great time!  I would definitely be interested in seeing another Cirque show sometime!
Love the stage and how many things that can be done with it!. . KA, the unprecedented, gravity-defying production by Cirque du Soleil takes adventure to an all new level. KA is a heroic journey of love and conflict, set within a dynamic theatrical landscape, as an entire empire appears on KA's colossal stage and a captivating display of acrobatics envelops the audience.
I will admit there were some parts that did drag and did not follow the story but I did love it and so did my boyfriend. The best part was the elaborate stage design. It was amazing!!! I started to read the reviews as I sat there waiting for the show to start and I started to regret picking this show. But as the show went on I started to really enjoy it. The performers did mess up in a few scenes but it didn't ruin the show. Someone mentioned on their review that when there were spoken lines they couldn't understand what was being said, but that's the point. It was just jibber jabber. All in all, it was an entertaining and visually striking show. I highly recommend it!
I have seen this show twice now and it is the best Cirque show I have seen yet (I have not seen O, Love and Believe for full disclosure). Visually this show is amazing with the moving stage, aerials, and 360 degree feel to the show. The first time I saw it I sat front row and it was cool to see the detail of the costumes but, it hurt my neck trying to see everything. The second time I sat a little further back and I was able to see the whole show better.  It is little slow for like 15 minutes when it has a island scene that is kind of a time killer. But, other than that the whole show is very good.
It's cirque so u know it's going to be good. The real only flaw is the somewhat vague storyline but who cares about storylines when u r watching incredibly creative set and costume and choreography. . After a few beers I realized that the KA storyline is basically star wars.  If you keep that in mind it all makes sense- Luke and princess leah versus Darth vader and the emporor. Easy as that
Enjoyed it and thought it was much better than the other Cirque Soleil show OVO we saw in NY. Have a storyline helped but the creative use of a board to simulate mountain climbing and deep ocean diving were very original and creative. The marshal art fightings were also exciting. The place was packed and all tickets were sold out for a Tuesday night show.
We went to Cirque du Soleil - Zumanity and LOVED IT.
The theatrics/acrobatics is great. I was initially concerned that sitting toward the back of the theater was going to suck, however, I was surprised to be able to see and hear everything perfectly without any strain. . . It's pretty intense and amazing to see what these people can do on a crazy moving stage and some crazy costumes. But these professionals made everything look so easy and cool considering all the challenges that they have to encounter during the show.. . I would have put a full five stars if it weren't for the rowdy, DRUNK b*tch that sat next to me, kicking me at random times and distracting me from enjoying the show. Yeah, she reeked of alcohol and was beyond a hot mess.... . Minus the drunk b*tch beside me, I'd definitely would go back to hopefully not encounter people like her so I can fully enjoy it. And while the show is somewhat expensive, it's totally worth it considering all the cool elements involved in the show.
this was a good show, just not my personal favorite. I had seen Le Reve right before, and I thought that show blew KA out of the water. But then again, they are different. KA is more acrobatic and theatrical, narrating a story more than anything. Le Reve has acrobats and dance. For me, Le Reve was just more entertaining. . . BUT, the acrobats on KA were amazing. Especially the guys on the wheels...almost stopped my heart! so they definitely have some amazing stunts. It also definitely has an asian influence. I liked that at the beginning of the show, they tell you the moral of the story. Most cirque du soleils are hard to understand and its difficult to follow the story, but this one made sense. . . overall, I just expected more acrobatic stunts, but i wouldn't say i was disappointed. Still a great show, but Le Reve and O are better i think.
this show was great!! if you love fire and acrobatic stuff you will love this show!! its good for families as well. this was the 3rd cirque du soleii show they never dissapoint me. the set was awesome and costumes!
Definitely loved KA!!  Visually stunning and beautiful.  This was my second Cirque du Soleil.  Definitely worth the $$$.  You'll never see anything else like it. . . But as much as I loved KA, I still loved O so much more because of the water.  Sorry.. . Both are awesome!!!!!
... hmm, yet another great Cirque.  ODD. . This wasn't my wife's favorite show, but I thought it was pretty good.  A lot of martial art type acrobats in which I could see could grab the attention of guys more than some of the other Cirques.  The stage is huge and there are sections over the crowd that they perform on as well that makes you feel in the action.  All in all, very good show.
Ka was a fabulous show, well worth the pricey tickets... The stereo speakers in your seat bring the sounds alive. I wish they had done a better job of warning us that there would be indoor fireworks and gun powder effects, as the person I was with was a war veteran and got quite shook up (there were no signs, nothing in the program)...but it was an amazing experience.. . The stage (which became completely vertical at times) was interesting, in and of itself...The acrobats in the "hamster wheels" took my breath away.
I've seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows. KA was my first one. I have to say while it was pretty impressive, it isn't enough for me to give it 5 stars. That would go to Mystere. ;). . The performances was pretty incredible and the staging is amazing. At times, it would even turn vertical! Choreography went well with everything. It was a shorter show than I expected (only one and a half hour). My favorite would have to be the acrobats on the hamster wheels. Cannot describe with words, but can only stare in awe. All in all, I would recommend!
With Cirque du Soleil virtually taking over the strip there are so many shows to choose from it hard to pick one cirque show to watch on short weekend trip. This is one of the more expensive shows by cirque. We paid quite a bit to get good seats. The production values are top notch and this show actually has a story unlike other shows by cirque which are more of theme IMO. The moving stage is spectacular and so are the drums and as they really pump up the place. Lots of action and it is intense so I wouldn't recommend it to younger kids. Mind you there are some bad seats so be wary and make sure you get a good spot as the prices are pretty high for this show (the highest for a show on the strip if I recall). Recommended for sure.
I definitely enjoyed it, though I can't say it was the best Cirque show I've ever seen. . . As others have mentioned, there's definitely a story here, unlike many of the other Cirque shows that are kind of a mish mash of stuff. Loved the rotating floor...it's really something to see. Wait for the part where it goes vertical - awesome. . . I wished there was a teeny tiny bit more in the way of acrobatics - aerial silks and other aerial arts arts are my fave part and there was only one section of this. But, that section was pretty awesome. . . For you fellow lushes out there, they have a deal where you can get like a 32 oz beer for $11 or something with $7 refills that you can take out of the theater onto the MGM Grand floor. Sweet! Yeah, yeah...i know you get drinks for free if you're gambling, but let's speak truth - those waitresses stay away from the penny slots like the plague. But, I digress. . . Before the show starts, there's this REALLY awesome thing that happens over by the bar area. Just look up, you'll see what I'm saying.. . There's no intermission, so make sure you pee before you go in, or you'll undoubtedly miss something cool. . . As in most Cirque shows, there's really not a bad seat in the house. Definitely check it out if you can find discount tix - I don't know if I'd pay $100+ per ticket for this show, but we found ours for like $60 apiece. Totally worth it.
Reading the reviews this one is all over the place.  You have some people that hate it and some people that love it.   First this is a little different then some of the other CDS shows in that the story line is a major part.  This one really does have a story to tell and I like the change up.  The other really great point is the moving stage. That is really a unique idea and introduces some interesting elements that make the show different then the others.. . The show tricks are really focused on the stage and the (as one person posted) the human hamster wheels.  This is different then some of the other shows that have four or five other major stunt acts.  There were a few slower parts of the show, but I thought they added to the story and made for some good acts.   I really disagree with people giving it one or two stars, but would struggle to go all out on the five stars.  To me, it was a strong four star show and worth seeing.  You can say leaving the show that it is one of a kind.
Wow - what a mix of opinions on this show. Yelpers don't hold back, that's for sure!. . I have seen many Cirque shows over the years and all of them are different, yet all of them feature amazing acrobatics and daredevil stunts too. Some have a solid story line, and some it is barely comprehendable. KA fell into that category. A thin story line, but wonderfully talented acrobats and gymnasts.. . When I saw this show not too long ago we had center orchestra seats that offered a greatview of the stage. In fact, the stage is the big star of the show. The technology use to create and move that stage into all sorts of motions is incredible. The cast is terrific and the scenes are like a mashup of ninja moves and adventure flicks. As always, the trained physicallity of the cast is beyond belief. I would be sent to a hospital in traction if I attempted any of these moves!. . I also liked the venue. Nice seats with good legroom. Seems like every seat has a great view. Cranking air conditioning too.. . The costumes are colorful, great set design, the Wheel Of Death is thrilling, the music is wonderful, the hydraulic stage is cool technology, and the story itself is like watching a Chinese opera. With exciting ninja acrobats!
parking at any casino in las vegas is AWAY from the casino.  . . I've seen the highlights for this show and the highlights REALLY make you want to see this show.. . I can't say anything bad about it, but its one of the few times i've felt disappointed compared to the OTHER Cirque shows.  But it STILL GETS 4 Stars.. . I have to admit that we had arrived at Las Vegas and had done quite a bit by the time we saw this show.  I went with my parents of all things.  We got a good deal because we saw two shows of Cirque.  We also so some other shows and it was REALLY HOT this particular summer.  We FELL ASLEEP at one point, EACH OF US.  LMAO. That still doesn't take away another star, it is still 4 stars.. . They stage tilts, they fall and they have sand on the stage that tilts and its just a WONDER to watch.  I really want to see this again, the actors told the story without saying ONE WORD.  Its just wonderful.  Give the show a go.
KA is a great show that tells a story along the way ( I won't spoil it ).  The whole show revolves around this "universal" platform that spins, tips, rocks, etc... and they perform a bunch of different acts on this one place.  It features lots of incredible high flying stunts so it's keeps you on the edge.  There's great humor and again, a story.  I'd recommend this show to anyone looking who's already seen Mystere and O.  it's another Cirque celebration!
I have seen this show about five times with customers. It never seems to disappoint!  . . Personally I believe this is one of the best cirque shows.
This is an amazing show, even for kids!. . From the moment you walk in, you feel like you are part of the show. Literally... people are freakin' falling from the ceiling towards you.. . We had upper level seats, but the show was still amazing!. . There are plenty of intense parts that really get you on the edge of your seat.. . In my opinion, I liked Cirque du Soleil - Love (The Beatles) a little more. But that's just because I'm very into dance, and Love had a bit more dancing involved.
Awesome! One of my favorite shows on the strip. I've seen it twice over and the family and I can't get enough. More importantly, its a relatively easy storyline to follow unlike most Cirque shows. Be sure to ask for the local special if you are military or a local "Lasvegasan" (if there is such a thing). LOL!
This is a great show.. . A very easy to follow story-line and great special effects.. The stage itself is amazing.. . We were 6th row center and you might actually be better off back about 10 rows.. Of course there is something to be said about having performers directly overhead.... . This is a very good Cirque show, highly recommended.. Oh, try the 32 oz drinks.  Our bartender really hooked us up with strong drinks!  Hard to say an $18 drink is a good value but, for Vegas it's a steal!
This show was pretty awesome!  I got free tickets that were worth $135 from a tradeshow that I attended.  This was first show that I've ever attended in Las Vegas but not the first time that I've seen Cirque.  . . The rotating stage was absolutely amazing and the scenary was incredible.  My favorite parts were the rotating boat, vertical stage as they worked their way around it and the twirling baton act.. . I highly recommend seeing this show!
Not sure what the pre-show audience interaction was supposed to be. There were some performers running around the theater looking menacing, but you would be ignored and forgotten if you sit near the front half of the theater.. . The show itself was spectacular, and a very good introduction to Cirque du Soleil. It has a very clear storyline to follow easily, not too big a stage so you can mostly focus your eyes on one thing and not have to worry about missing out on the rest of the performance. The effects were great, and I think the sound was amplified since we sat right in front of the speakers.. . This is a relatively small theater, so don't limit yourself to the expensive front row seats. Another advantage for seating towards the back is you can actually see the performers jumping down from the side stages, instead of craning your neck up and getting a view of their lovely behinds because you sat in the premiere seating.. . The only downer is that they don't allow any photography inside the theater. Something about the performers were watching on the side stage or something, and we have plenty of opportunity to take pictures after the show. I for one, was busy trying to avoid the people eagerly filing out of the theater after the show to take any pictures. Such a bummer.
I did not think I would like Ka because being Asian, I have not seen any martial arts performances that blown my mind.  However, I soon find out that Ka is more than just martial arts (thank god).  . . Like all Ka performances, the production is a beautiful combination of art, light, story, humor and dash of martial arts.  . . The biggest surprise for me, however, is the stage itself! I don't want to give away too much for those of you who are thinking of seeing it (and YOU SHOULD), but that stage is a show all in itself!
My wife and received tickets for this show as a perk for staying 3 nights at Mandalay Bay. Our seats were located in the upper section on the left side of the theater but the view was not bad at all. I have read many reviews that say it is actually better to sit in the upper section. I felt the story line itself was fairly easy to follow. The costumes and acrobatics were exactly what I would expect from a Cirque du Soleil show. The thing that amazed me most about this show was the stage itself. I am still trying to wrap my mind around the creativity, engineering and cost that went in to creating something so spectacular. I would recommend this show to anyone who has the opportunity to attend.
Would give 5 but I think the story was slow in some parts and I was tired from a long day of exploring the strip, so I caught myself wanting to nod off. The man sitting behind me actually did!  I think the best part of the show was about the last 40 minutes or so when the action and acrobatics really pick up.  The stage is like a character in and of itself and is amazing.  . . We did choose to see Ka because our first choices were unavailable during the time frame we'd be in town. I'm glad I did see it because I'm a huge Cirque fan. Much better than La Reve.
This was pretty amazing. Great stunts, impressive theater and stage.
A pretty amazing show that showcases some amazing physical feats!  Amazing choreography and special affects, and just an amazing stage that should get top billing as one of the stars of the show!
I can't say enough about how cool the staging is!  It is totally amazing!  This is the first Cirque that truly had a story from beginning to end.  The only negative that I could provide is that some acts maybe went too long.
I thought it was a good show. It had a lot of exciting points.. But also had some slow and drawn out areas. ! It took my breath away at times waiting to see what was going to happen next. I have seen quite a few cirque shows.I enjoy the aspect that it give a plot...a story line something to follow unlike the other cirque shows. How the stage moves in all those directions is amazing.
Definitely one of the best set designs of all Cirque du Soleil shows. . . The vertical wall and fight scenes were quite amazing!. . The theater was very spacious and seats were well design so we could see well despite being in Level C seating. Seats were very comfortable as well. . . The show was non-stop for an hour and forty minutes with no intermission so make sure you hit the restroom ahead of time.. . Certain parts in the beginning were very slow and some parts were too childish/cheesy for my taste.. . Visited December 2011
One of the best if you are a mechanical engineer and are in awe of mechanical devices.  However, it is slow in the beginning and you might even be snoozing after a big dinner.   Not sure if it is worth the money as the Cirque that I have seen in the tents focus on human acrobatics while the "fixed" location ones seem to focus on the set.  Like the other comments, the plot is hard to follow.. . Still, if you're in Vegas, what's another 100 bucks?
Worth the price for good seats. If you order tickets by phone, you still have to wait in line... They didn't have a will call booth open.
i like this show..it's based on a fire theme..i saw "O"...and i still like "O" more..this one is better than "Totem"... . there is an actual story line to this one..and if you sit close enough you feel the fire... . it's not bad..the music is quite nice actually..but if you want to go to a show with a story line..this is the one... . MGM is just plain nice..and have the better restaurants..I went to Joel R. right before the show..BEST day ever..
I've seen KA twice, the first time a few years ago and this time I took my husband. It has a story but I felt it dragged at times, however, the set is amazing and the acrobatics brilliant! I don't think it could be much better. (I'd give it a 5 except for two scenes that are slow moving.) When I saw it a few years ago this was my first Cirque Du Soleil and I became a huge fan after this show.  Halfway through the show I had already gotten my money's worth! . . Last time I sat further back above the middle of the theater. This time I sat upfront a little off to the right. I liked sitting back a little better because you can see everything whereas upfront I could see the actors' faces better but it was a little too close to see everything at once. (Our seats were great except for the women sitting next to me who texted with her bright Iphone through the whole event--totally rude and irritating to me trying to focus on the show. Leave your cell phone in the room.). . So far I would rank KA #2 in my favorites, Love as #1 and Mystere #3.
great traditional cirque show.
KA is defintiely a beginner's show, for Cirque du Soleil veterans who are curious.  I've seen most of the Cirque shows out there, but this one was the least-impressive of them all with regard to the actual performance.  For a free show, I'm not disappointed, but I've seen much better.  Cavalia, Alegria and Varekai are my favorites.  For anyone who saw this show for their first Cirque experience, it only gets better from here.. . All the standard elements are there with an over-the-top narrator, early plot twists, and wild costumes, but what it lacked in actual acrobatic performance, it made up for in pageantry.  The moving digital stage was really impressive and the theatre itself made for a fairly intense experience; they even had speakers in the seat headrests.  The imagery was enhanced by performers all over the rafters, but that became fairly distracting...the Cirque choreographers are masters at that, though.  The effects of the 90-degree stage were very cool at first, but the novelty soon wore off.  It's an athletic show, just not something that's on-par with my favorites.. . The combination of classic asian dress of one group and the industrial steel-and-tattoo style of the other group made an interesting clash.  I felt like parts of the plot came straight out of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.  The score ranged from typical flutes and harmony to electric guitars and spark-showers.  I kept waiting for Motley Crue to come out for an encore.. . It was a good way to spend 90 minutes before dinner, but I'll pony-up for 'O' the next time I'm in Vegas and feel the need for more Cirque.
The only Cirque Du Soleil show that I've ever seen with a real storyline. . . I really liked this show. It was amazing. We sat really close to the stage so everything looked extra special. The vertical stage was insane. I couldn't believe that all these actors were climbing this huge, rotating stage. . . The stage, costumes, and music were all beautiful. I was very riveted in my seat, and hoping that I wouldn't see a stunt gone wrong. . . I loved the show, but my only complaint was that there was not as many funny scenes as I would have liked. There was a lot of dancing, but I could only watch so much dancing. It would nice to have a little change of pace. There was no audience participation in this show like in other Cirque shows. That's probably why I like Zumanity a little bit more.
My wife and I saw this show in mid-May. It was our second Cirque show. We had seen Kooza at National Harbor, MD in 2010. Ka was interesting and the story did keep our attention, however the stunts were not as impressive as Kooza. If we had it to do over again, I think we would have tried Zumanity or O instead.
I can safely say that this Cirque show is the king of spectacle. The pseudo-360 degree use of the theater, the acts OVER the audience, the gigantic moving stage, and the pyrotechnics certainly lend this show a very over the top atmosphere. It's also one of the few Cirque show that follows a linear storyline, which was fairly easy to follow.. . I had some of the best seats in the house (the back of the middle front section) and the show certainly didn't disappoint from there. At least visually. As you may garner from other reviews, Ka's main weakness is the actual acrobatics. Nothing really stood out here except the two men in the rotating cages, and perhaps the human plinko machine act. Contrasting those was 10 minutes of a girl twirling her baton(s) and slightly more climbing up and down of the wall than I thought was necessary.. . Overall, though, I found Ka very enjoyable and would easily recommend it. There is no other show that will do spectacle like Ka. Also, props to the crew outside the theater, who were quick in pointing me to the bathroom without prompting when I needed to go during the show. The bathroom attendant even started the water and handed me paper towels as I approached the sink.
***The rotating and constantly moving stage of Ka is very impressive; also impressive are the many cinematic elements that Ka employs, making the show feel dramatic, exciting and unique***. . Ka was my first Cirque show and I enjoyed it.  The production values were great and the stage and theater were both very impressive.  The show feels like a real spectacle and with the amazing stage, Ka feels like a show that you could only see in Vegas.. . There are other good things about Ka.  I really liked how they made the show cinematic.  With the music and the great lighting, there are moments in the show that feel like you are watching a movie on the big screen (the best example is when they make the stage look like its underwater and with the curtain and lighting, it appears that one of the performers is saving someone from drowning and rising to the surface--very well done).. . They try to tell a story with Ka too.  It is not a great story, but the story elements kept my interest in Ka more than Mystere (which was more like a series of disjointed vignettes).  Still, after a while, I felt like I had seen enough and I got a little bored.. . There are definitely some strong acrobatics, but you might not see the big and more traditional acrobatics like you would see in Mystere.  Still, there is a piece with huge moving spheres that is very exciting, suspenseful and fun.. . Ticket prices for Ka are not too bad.  You can typically find tickets for a lower price than O.. . The theater is nice (with a good temperature) and they had some decent concessions.  The theater is also roomy enough and does not feel as packed or hot as Mystere's theater.. . I enjoyed Ka.  I am not sure if I am ever going to be a huge fan of Cirque shows, but I thought there were mainly elements of Ka that will stick with me (much more than Mystere).  With the very nice venue, the amazing stage and the great cinematic elements, Ka feels like a special and worthwhile show (definitely worth considering if you are in Vegas and looking for a good show).. . Ka is in the MGM Grand, which features free parking (both valet and a parking structure--very easy to find a spot in this parking structure).
This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show I've ever been too, and I have to say, "IT WAS AMAZING!" The way they incorporate certain angles and transitional scenes make you believe you're actually watching a CGI movie, but it's real life! You can't understand a word the performers are saying, it sounds like SIMS talking back and forth, but you can pretty much understand the story line just by watching which makes this show appropriate for any cultural background. The performers knew what they were doing, and the show was spectacular. They had martial arts, acrobatics, and even a kind of funny circus like quality in a few scenes. The scenes were beautiful : ) I would highly recommend this show especially if you like more Asian cinema then this would be the Cirque Du Soleil for you :D
I watched it with my family (6) on a wednesday night, using 40% military discount, with category C seating (~450). . - Great show! I don't want to ruin it for you. I suggest reading up Wiki Ka b4 actually watching the show. It can be confusing since there practically isn't any talking. The summary will give you an idea of what to expect, although, it may ruin any surprises...not really. - Only show to actually have a story line. Most shows are abstract.  . - FIRE! FIREWORKS! ROTATING podium that turns into many things! Sooo cool!. - About 1hr 40min show. - Music reminds me of an RPG video game. Final Fantasy? haha. - Venue reminds me of a Megaman level.
KA is well-worth the money! I liked it alot. It was one of my favorite cirque du soleil shows in Vegas. They usually have deals on this show during the summer on travelzoo, so look out for those. Unlike the other shows, this one has a plot and story to it. . The setup and stage looked awesome! The costumes and acrobatics were amazing! I sat in the middle section of the lower orchestra, that was pretty close to the stage and I saw everything clearly. I think wherever you sit will be great...the theatre is a good size. In my opinion, KA is the next best show to the Beatles 'Love'. . If you are looking for a good show, try this one!.Enjoy!
Ka is my first Cirque du Soleil show I've ever watched live and what a treat it was.  Although you can tell that the story is by no means polished and there's some unnecessary filler (with some flat humor), the show is both an ambitious triumph in artistry and technology that literally took my breath away.  . . So what is Ka?  The basic premise follows a prince and a princess who gets separated under an initial attack.  The show follows their journey as they find out who was behind the attack and their many meetings and encounters with the strange and fantastical world of Ka.  . . The first thing you'll notice when coming into the theater is that there is not only a stage that constantly changes thanks to the many movable props and a super-awesome moving stage but also some great features that extend towards the far ends of the entire theater and has parts played into the show.  Really cool.  . . The second thing to notice is that crazy moving stage.  I've seen very few other productions like it in which the stage acts as so many different elements (a rock-climbing section which I won't spoil too much of here is nothing short of awe-inspiring).  And in connection with the stage of course is the actual performers themselves who simply rock.  It almost seemed as if one of the performers near the middle of the show in a complex section was about to fall off but luckily, he recovered and was the only 'error' that was noticeable.  The other effects are pretty awesome when they appear and surprisingly, comes quite often.  Ka makes smart use of both the complex and the simple (a scene near the beginning 'underwater' is one of the most clever 'underwater' scenes I've seen).  . . My biggest complaints with the show lie in it's story and filler.  I hear that this is the first Cirque production that tries to incorporate a story and at it's foundation, it's not too difficult to follow.  However, although the context is appreciated in connecting the scenes together, expect to either feel a little lost as scenes tend to fly around with some recklessness and little guidance.  The filler didn't help either with the humor usually falling a bit flat and feels like it wasted some time in just setting up the next big stunt (which again, is understandable, but a really neat shadow play section shows that smart filler space could have made all the difference.)  . . Service-wise, my biggest complaint has to be the lack of a 'will call' line, at least when we came 15 minutes before the show started.  Most of the line could have moved much quicker if the ticket counter were able to separate those that needed new tickets versus those that bought tickets beforehand so do take note.  Luckily, the inside staff is very kind even if you come in a bit late.  Not only are they 'in character' but they also lead you to your seats with flashlights at the appropriate moment.  Price-wise, do try to book early (they had a special $10 off booking about 5-6 weeks in advance in the summertime).  . . Ka was an excellent Cirque du Soleil experience, especially being my first one.  It was such a technological marvel with some breathtaking feats that rarely stopped when it got going.  Kudos to the Cirque and all the staff for a beautiful performance and a great way to celebrate.
My husband had never been to Cirque du Soleil in Vegas and I had already seen O and Mystere.  Heard good things and we were staying closeby so we definitely wanted to watch this.. . Overall I liked it.  I found the story a little hard to follow (well think I was just tired) but the effects, the stage, everything was what you expect from Cirque du Soleil.  Just overall fantastic.  And we had great seats, dead center around 15th row .. . My only qualm was I usually enjoy more acrobatics from Cirque and this is more of their other stunts, and more the stage, the story, etc that captivates you.  . . But can't complain, I'd def recommend this!
wow is all i can say.... the stage setup is nothing i have ever seen before, it rotates flips around, goes vertical, and angles through out the show.. the story was simple. a couple of laughs here n there ..some moments kept me one edge as it was exciting to see what will happen next. soo much eye candy and the performers was amazing. must check this out!!. cirque du soleil does not disappoint
Ka was an AWESOME Cirque show!!! I was thoroughly impressed! This is a show like no other and the stage is by far the most unique because it moves! The theater was impressive. I have seen traveling shows that look like a circus, but this was not "circus-y" at all. I highly recommend anyone to see this if they like martial arts. . . I gave it 4 stars because there were a few times in the show where there was down time and it was kind of boring.
Pretty much any Cirque du Soleil show is going to be amazing. And while KA was an great performance, I didn't think it was as good as Beatles LOVE, which I saw three years ago.. . The theater itself is very cool. It's huge and has plenty of seating. The stage is incredible. It moves and tilts and spins - it's so cool! The performers are very talented and skilled. . . I will say there were parts of KA that I found to be a little boring, like when there was only one person on stage bouncing a baton around. I could have done without that. . . Otherwise it was very good. Not as good as LOVE, but still a great show.
The show tells a story of a brother and sister that get divided and have to find their way back.  It's also about them growing up.. . The stage is amazing it moves every which way (I mean every which way: up down, sideways, around).. . The show is really good and the story helps follow it.  It's funny at times but is a little dark.. . Highly recommend it.  We sat to the right of the stage and our view was good.. . They have a bar where you can get drinks and some food before the show but the prices are crazy.
Word to the wise if you have been drinking heavily or are sleepy going into this show you WILL fall asleep! The music is very soothing & puts you in a relaxed state for the duration of the show. The venue is a large crescent shaped moon which has a large amount of seating. . From the minute you arrive you will be greated by ushers that are in similar costumes to that of those in the show. It's a story about a brother & sister that get seperated. You follow them through their joys & sorrow. You also get to witness the largest touch screen in one of the scenes. The show is great for those of all ages!. Anyone that is interested in drinking, the prices for drinks is high so good luck trying to sneak in a drink. Also at times you can catch a picture w/ some of the cast prior & after the show if you're lucky!
Alright, so I love KA. It's my favorite Vegas Cirque Du Soleil show. "But Anne, why not O? It's so amazing and unique and blah blah blah...." . . well, because I can't figure out what the HECK O is about. It's beautiful, but I can't follow the plot and the constant stream of water makes me want to pee. All joking aside, O is fantastic and amazing, please go watch it!. . BUT!!! Like I said, KA is my absolute favorite. The music is the best, there is a plot you can semi-follow, and there is more excitement than just acrobatics (Like mock swordplay and fire). Also, the ending to KA...set to the dramatic overtones in the music as the story ends....is completely mind-blowing. I have seen this show three times and it's been worth my money every time. . . Buying tickets there is cheaper than buying online, HOWEVER, you probably will get better seats when buying online. They often run deals a month or more in advance so check website before you buy.. . PS - After you see KA, go see O and the other ones!! =)
I enjoyed KA. I was supposed to get tickets years ago (timing didn't work out) and my husband surprised me with them for our anniversary. . I wasn't blown away like I expected (probably because the story was iffy...), but it was still really good, pretty much everything you'd expect from Cirque Du Soleil. I loved the people jumping and swinging over the audience, I couldn't take my eyes off them! The ticket folk in full costume and makeup-very fun! It all got to be very interactive at times and I like that sort of thing. . Tip- you want seats far in the back so you can take it all in. I was in the back end of the mid-section and those 2 tickets still cost $120+.
I'm not gonna give it a 5 star because I have yet to see "O".  I loved this one..it had a great story and great music.  I absolutely loved it.
Great show! If you're like me and you love Cirque shows but wish they had a more meaningful storyline, you'll love Ka. It has all the crazy acrobatics, amazing stage transformations, and music of the other Cirque shows but with a great story as well.
Very good show. My wife and I both enjoyed this show. The show is full of amazing stunts, acrobatics, fire and special effects. I wont go much into the plot because I don't want to spoil it for anyone but, it is a bit of a love story mixed with lots of martial arts. This one has a little more action then some of the other Cirque shows so if you are trying to convince your spouse to see a Cirque show this might be a good option. (unless you are both okay with topless then I would go with zumanity). The price is a little high at over a $100 but you can find a better deal if you don't buy from the hotel. I would highly recommend this show..
After my boyfriend's surprise birthday dinner.. I surprised him with KA.. I don't know why but  I had it stuck in my head that the show started at 9 so we rushed from dinner thinking we were 20 minutes late when in all actuality we were 10 minutes early because it starts at 9:30. HAHA . . 1 STAR - For the friendly staff. Everyone we spoke with tried to strike up a conversation and kept thanking us for choosing KA to watch.. 1 STAR - Strong Crown & diet which came in a huge souvenir cup for only $18. . 1 STAR- Beautiful theater, stage & costumes/makeup. Even the ushers and employees in the lobby had some crazy cool looking makeup on and stayed in character. The theater is HUGE. I would say the best place to sit is right in the middle of the middle haha not too close to the stage so you can see the whole thing. The stage is amazing. It constantly is moving up and down side to side.. "leaning like a cholo" LOL jk but that thing was crazy. And not to mention all the pyro stuff they have going on and intense tribal music. Also the chairs have speakers in them, big plus! . 1 STAR- Good story! It was very easy to follow. For me though it was pretty predictable but yet still enjoyable. . . I didn't give the show 5 stars because although there were some very impressive scenes it just didn't have enough "OH WTF" moments for me. But we still enjoyed the show very much. If you are someone wanting to see more acrobats and stunts I would recommend watching Le Reve but if you don't mind a beautiful show that isn't jam packed with crazy stunts then you will enjoy KA~!!!
So decided to watch this show. MGM is running a winter promo where we got second row seats for around $99 a person. Not bad. We entered a bit late to the show but had a fantastic experience.. . I don't want to say too much to spoil it but the theater setup was pretty amazing. Though I would not really recommend sitting too close because the pro is that you get to see the actors face and all the details. but when they are flying above you, it can totally be a neck cramp. It also ruins the experience when you're able to see all the guide wires. I'd rather pay a little less for middle range seats.. . The show can be summed up by "a show that defy s gravity"
I have been to a few cirque shows and this one is different there is less crazy mind boggling stunts and more story and dance fighting. The set is unbelievable! I prefer the shows with crazy costumes and maybe not such a cohesive story line.
I saw KA over the weekend so wanted to leave a review:. . This was my very first experience with any type of CDS show and boy was I impressed.  The set was AMAZING.  The performers were incredibly talented.  I can't tell you how many times I held my breath in either surprise, wonder or fear!!  The part where the 2 guys were doing tricks on top of the rotating circular things towards the end had me at the edge of my seat. . . There were a few very minor things that were just "ok" for me but please don't let them take away from the main point which is over all this show was beautifully crafted and performed:. . 1 - The fireworks at the end were extremely bright and painful for my eyes.  This was my problem, not the shows i'm sure, but just wanted to make you aware.. . 2 - The story line for small sections kind of dragged on a bit too much.. . 3 - I did have a 3rd point however someone came over and talked to me whilst I was typing and now I can't remember what I was going to say.  I will edit if I remember.  Some people are SO rude LOL.. . Anyway, again, overall it was an incredible show.  We had pretty good seats right in the center on row "N" so I was able to see all the action very well.  I am now for sure going to check out another CDS show the next time we hit Vegas.
KA was fairly impressive, lots of acrobatics as expected. The stage is crazy awesome in that it uses a giant claw type machine that holds the bottom of the stage allowing it to rotate in every which way which allows for a ton of cool scenes . . for example:(semi spoiler alert) battles on a vertical stage that continues to rotate.. . The stage is really what allows for all of these awesome scenes. And there is more to the stage than just the rotating stage, a lot more, but I won't ruin it for you here. I suffered through a slight food coma during the show due to the insane amount of food I ate right before this show so I missed part of the story, but I got the main idea. The show is a standard 1.5 hrs roughly with amazing choreography and spot on enthusiastic performances, you can tell this is done very very professionally as they never miss a beat. Highly recommended, I would only take away one star for this because I am comparing this to all of the other shows I watched, including the price I paid for this which is a bit on the higher end ($110) when I have seen things that I was equally if not more impressed with such as Absinthe (70$), and I would say Absinthe has been my favorite show.
The stage and art of war will leave you spellbound! Great show! I loved the entire thing! But still not as good as O or Le Reve
Excellent show. Well worth the cost and time. The stage and effects are just incredible. Everyone had a great time.
I'm only giving this four stars because I'm comparing it to other shows such as O and Le Reve but if I didn't know any better, it would have given five stars! . . This is a really good show with lots of acrobats and fight sequences.  Get ready to have your mind blown when the stage raises and rotates! There's an Asian influence in this show with dragons and fight scenes.  It's definitely more of a story and the show flows more than the usual Cirque show with a bunch of amazing circus acts, interrupted by French clowns.  I fucking hate clowns.
I am a KA fan for sure.  It is an interesting show because so many different things are happening that keep you mesmerized.  Cirque du Soleil tried a bunch of new things with this show and I think they have succeed.. . First off, the theater and stage.  Each seat has a surround sound system built in, so the music surrounds you and envelops you and takes you away to this far off land.  The stage itself is just awe inspiring.  It is continually moving the entire show.  It changes, rotates, disappears, and transforms into so many different surfaces, that you never know what is going to happen.  The stage itself is a character in the show.  There is also a lot of interaction between the performers and the audience, which always makes for a more entertaining show in my book.. . Secondly, this is the only Cirque show that I have seen that actually has a linear story line.  All of the other Cirque shows I have seen have a main theme with vignettes running throughout the show itself, but not a story.  So if you have seen other Cirques, it is a little different, but fun to go on a ride with the Imperial Twins as their search for each other. . . Lastly, their is a sense of martial arts throughout this show.  I am not into martial arts at all, but watching this show, you really get a great sense of the art and really appreciate the artform itself.  I am still not watching Bruce Lee movies, but I very much appreciate martial arts now.  . . Overall, I think KA is a fun adventure that you should try out.    If you do go to see it, buy your tickets ahead of time and directly through the MGM box office whenever you decide you are going to see it.  The theater is huge and if you wait too long, you may be stuck in the back. There are a lot of ticket brokers that will take advantage of you here in town. They will promise one thing, but you get stuck in the back corner in the left over seats and no one wants that, especially for the price you pay for Cirque. I am a local and used to work in the concierge business, so trust me on that one.   . . KA seems the least appreciated Cirque show in town, but go see it anyway. It was even in a CSI episode, take that "O"!
Not gonna lie...I almost fell asleep. Granted, I had been walking nonstop in the sun all day, but I also think it's partly because the show had a little more storytelling than I'm used to for a Cirque show. I liked that the storyline was a lot less convoluted than previous performances I've seen, but that's probably because they spent so much time building it up through various smaller numbers. Unfortunately, that left less time for more acrobatics.. . The stunts they did have were mind-blowing, largely due to the incredible stage! This thing went up, it went down, it rotated 360 degrees, it went completely vertical--and the performers hopped and slid all over it expertly. And the wheel of death? GET OUT! I used to be so scared of those rickety wooden hamster wheels on the playground and these guys were running, jumping, and climbing in and out of this rotating contraption like it was no big effing deal.. . I will agree with other Yelpers that they could have made more use out of the intricate set of ramps built around the perimeter of the theater. I also agree that seats that are further behind would still have a great view, since all the action is central and in clear view. I sat in the fifth row, but would have gotten tickets on the upper level first row if they hadn't been sold out (they're also much cheaper).. . I expect to pay more for food and beverages because it's Vegas, but I don't expect to pay $9 for a water. That is no joke. $9. I believe beer and wine were cheaper, but I'm generally not looking to get sloshed duringa Cirque show. I settled with a $5 soda.. . Overall, not my favorite Cirque performance, but still highly entertaining. Just don't expect non-stop tumbling action--this one has a much slower flow.
This was the first Cirque du Soleil show I've seen outside of Houston so I was pretty impressed from the start by the theater and the fireballs coming from the huge hole in the stage. The acrobatics weren't as impressive as other Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen but the stage and special effects were beautiful! They had the same giant wheel scene that I had seen at a different Cirque du Soleil show in Houston but the performer here didn't seem as skilled and I feared for his life. He was jump roping on top of a giant spinning hamster wheel but his jump rope got caught and he lost it and had to get another one which kind of scared me. . . The stage and special effects stole the show. My favorite scenes were the swimming, sand, shadow puppet and vertical battle scenes. The costumes and set were inventive. There is a story to this show but I didn't really understand it.
This was the first Cirque show I had been to and it was amazing! There was so much entertainment I thought my head was going to explode - even the "pre-show" stuff they did was engaging.. . There is quite a lot to take in, the auditorium's decoration/design, the beautiful sets and, of course, the acrobatics.. . KA has been the best thing I've seen in Vegas so far.
OMG this show is AWESOME all of the acrobatics! The revolving and moving stage. The actors involvement with the crowd is fun. It's tone of high flying action. One part is a little slow I believe it was the love seen, but all in all it was well worth the money.
I don't know if I've been overly spoiled by other Cirque du Soleil shows or what.. . I admit, my experience is biased and probably not what most people would agree with.. . I liked the plot and thought it was a cute idea, but when I go to see a Cirque Show, I just want to see the acrobatics, not sit through long drawn out "acting" sessions where nothing amazing is happening.  Basically, just take me to the circus and spare me the storyline.. . Overall, it was good.  I wouldn't go see it again, though.  Stage theatrics were elaborate and impressive, I'll admit. The music was entertaining as well.. . Good stuff here. :)
My first Cirque du Soleil experience, and LOVED IT. . . I was never drawn to the idea of spending large amounts of money just to see people do tricks in the area and dance around, but after seeing this awesome show I'm now hooked on Cirque du Soleil shows!  I want to see more!!!. . What made this show good was that it had a central storyline.  I've seen only one other Cirque du Soleil show, the Love by the Beatles show at the Mirage, which didn't really seem to have much of a plot to it, more like random music videos.  I don't want to spoil the story so I won't say too much...but there was a narrator in the beginning of the show who said a few words to set up the storyline, and after that there were no words spoken in English the entire show.  It's pretty cool how you can still understand the central plot when no words are spoken!  That just speaks to the complexity and greatness of the show (and I guess that's why tickets are so pricy).. . The stage is awesome (it moves!) so they played on that factor a lot for their crazy stunts.  Sometimes they would be doing ridiculous tricks and I would look closer and realize that they're not harnessed to ropes!  WHAT?!. . The theme was also cool, with tribal-like crazy costumes for everyone including the ushers.  Love that everyone stuck to the theme so much!. . Bottom line: Definitely wowed!
This was a fun show to see.  A bit less acrobatic and more whimsical than I expected, but very cool show overall.
I loved this show ,but enjoyed Love a little better.On the other hand my son and grandson liked this more so than Love..Methinks maybe this is more enjoyably for the younger crowd..
This is truly a Vegas-worthy show. The stage production was brilliant. The arts and visual effects were stunning.  The performance was glorious. I caught the show after the re-opening of Ka due to the accidental death of the female artist. I paid $154 for regular seats. It was sold out fast and the Half Off Ticket booths didn't even have it.  I could tell they cut out some scenes because the story didn't flow. I'm sure it had to do with the sensativity of the artists and stunts after that incident. The artists still deserved a standing ovation.  It was worth the money and experience.
First Cirque De Soleil show I have ever been too, so I can't give it five stars.  But, it was visually mesmerizing.  I sat in awe at the sets and the wire performances through the entire 90 minute show.  . The costumes, the choreography, and props were very impressive.  I enjoyed how the music let you in on what was happening during the story as well.. The set, which rotates, spins, flips, and turns every imaginable direction, was almost unbelievable.  . The only down side was that there could possibly have been a little bit more narration during the show.  Some aspects of the story got a little lost in the mime translation and how characters ended up in certain places.
This was pretty uncomfortable to watch the second day that they came back onstage from the accident that killed a performer and closed the show for two weeks. I had seen the show before but it was completely different knowing that somebody's mother died while performing in this show. . . That being said, this show is beautiful and the story arc is one of the best in the Vegas silent shows that we're so famous for. It's about a brother and a sister so of course my familial heartstrings are going to be tugged. Short too--about 90 minutes or less--so you can get back out on the casino floor and into the restaurants. . . It's a pretty immersive space--speakers in the headrests, ushers dressed in costume, an enormous stage and mechanical set pieces. I would recommend this show over some others in town, but I'm not sure it's my favorite.
Get the tickets at Tix4Tonight and sit back and enjoy.. . Super cool rotating, elevating, morphing stage!. Awesome stunts and acrobatics.. Great music.. Touching storyline.. One of the best Cirque shows!
When I first walked into Ka theater I was floored by the sheer size of the inside.  I saw so many programs that talked about how the stage worked and I wanted to see it for myself.  The seats were comfortable and had speakers in the to heighten your senses.  The show seems to happen from all around you.  Performers fly overhead they run into the seating area they are just everywhere it seems.  Visually stunning stage and a sight to be seen.  The story line can be a bit confusing but the acrobatics and performances are wonderful!
Excuse me while I pick up my jaw from the floor !! This certainly was an assault on all senses - a visually arousing play. No expense was spared designing and building this set. The only Cirque de Soleil performance with a plot and dialogue, I was hooked from the moment I walked in. Before the show starts, you are warned to be wary of the tribal people - yes, the performers are roaming the aisles and will come out to spook you, follow you, grab you - there's plenty of this to begin with - then the show starts. This is where, ladies and gentlemen, you will experience first hand the wonder of these acrobats!!! The stage moves from horizontal to vertical, all the while, the performers running about (without safety harnesses mind you). There's some pretty fancy digital work going on onstage too (sinking in the ocean comes to mind) and one hell of a death defying doubles act toward the end - you will know when you see this. It was such a bittersweet feeling watching this performance knowing the tragic death of a performer happened only a little while back. If you are in Vegas, this is a must see show!!!
Saw KA about six years ago and loved it. Came back to see it again and everything was very good except for the new ending. Very anti-climactic and didn't make a lot of sense. Understand why they changed the ending, but all seemed a little forced.
Great show. Kind of strange story and many kids however were talking in the audience
Incredible athletics and choreography. Beautiful, moving music. Impressive set. Also liked the fact that the ushers joked with the audience before the show began. A few drawbacks prevent this show from getting 5 stars:. . 1. Somewhat short. The show is about half the length of an opera for about 1.5 times the price. We were expecting a little more for $125 a ticket. I understand that the athletics and sets are out of this world, but still.. . 2. The revised ending is anti-climactic. I understand that they can't perform the original ending while the investigation is ongoing, but the substitute ending is boring. Perhaps a different climax other than the main characters applying make up in a dressing room?. . 3. Annoying audience members. There is a good reason why operas typically don't allow late arrivals, and if audience members have to use the bathroom, they will only be let back in during the intermission. People were streaming in after the show began and using the bathroom throughout the show (a frequent occurrence since giant steins of beer are sold right outside the theater). You can't get into a performance when someone's obese butt is blocking your view (or worse, when they've fallen on top of you as a result of bumbling and tripping in the dark).. . I understand Ka is performed in Las Vegas, and it's unreasonable to expect a young, drunk audience to behave themselves compared to seasoned opera goers. But is it really too much to request that people not interrupt the show by entering and exiting multiple times during a 1.5 hour performance?. . Overall, the show is a one-of-a-kind experience, and was fun enough that I would gladly pay $125 to see it again. If only I can figure out a way to avoid the toenail pickers (my neighbor took off his flip flops, crossed his legs, and picked at his toenails throughout the performance) and beer drinkers with bladder problems from interfering with the experience...
Thoroughly enjoyed this show.  Even pre-show there was entertainment - the lobby had amazing musicians playing on the balconies (in full costume and with super long strings that I thought were just decoration. Hard to describe, so if you see the show, hang out in the lobby to hear and enjoy that delightful touch of whimsy.)  The ushers were friggin HILARIOUS.  They were were heckling in the funniest way, cracking impertinent jokes about folks who broke the rules of "no photography in the house."  . . The actual show was full of amazing acrobatic feats.  One right after another.  Daring, imaginative, dangerous.  Yes, the whole time I was still thinking of the performer who perished.  And the ending left a little to be desired, I believe it was changed to be safer for the performers in light of the tragedy.  (May she rest in peace.)  . . Still, I highly recommend seeing this thrilling show.  Sure, the storyline was a little light (it's simple to follow the siblings in their adventures while separated) and the ending didn't seem to give me the closure I was looking for, but then again, it isn't really a play - it's a visual performance of grandeur and danger.  I enjoyed it immensely and may come again in a couple years to see how it has evolved.
A ridiculous whirlwind of daring acrobatic feats couples with the spectacular trademark choreography and grace of Cirque de Soleil. We loved this show!! The vertical stage makes for a unique experience where the performers are battling acts of gravitational defiance and the audience is literally on the edge of their seats. I would say you shouldn't sit too close to the stage. We were front row in the second section and had a great view of everything. The ninjas who float around the audience are fun to watch, but beware, they might sneak up and scare you! The theater itself is a loving, breathing embodiment of the deconstructed and dark setting that the story revolves around; you really feel as though you are a part of the show. . . Ka, like every other Cirque show I've seen, does not disappoint. It's a martial arts driven representation of the unbelievable skill and imagination that these shows always bring to the table. See it!
Very entertaining show! I thought the beginning was a bit slow (more martial arts type stunts), but it definitely picked up as the show went on. The theater was great and I don't think you could have a bad seat. And the stage itself is awesome! It goes from a regular stage to a vertical wall and twists around every way in between. Right when the show starts there's a short synopsis of what the show is about, and this is the only point where there is talking. Otherwise the story is just acted out. So if you want a little more depth to the story, I would do a little background reading beforehand.
This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show so I didn't really had any expectations coming in. Iwas just ready to experience! Right away, when entering the show, you are given a sneak preview of what it might be like. The people scanning your tickets are all dressed up in costumes. As you enter into the auditorium you are immediately in awe of the amazing structures/stage set up thing going on. I felt like I was entering like a Final Fantasy video games! It was beautiful and got me really excited for the show. As you are sitting in your seats waiting for the show to begin, the actor's/actress/people part of the show walk out on the outer stage thing doing some acrobatic tricks, spinning upside down and running around trying to scare people. It's pretty fun and really draws/connects the audience I think. . . Just a couple minutes before the show begins they do a staged reminder that cellphones and photography is not allowed during the show. The show starts off and it is absolutely amazing. The moving stage, the athleticism of everyone in the production, and the music blows you away. The production and performance of the show was just out of this world. However the story slowly kinda got lost towards the middle part and I was really confused on the ending. I had no idea how everything was resolved. I know this was the revised ending since the tragic accident but I wish they had made a better ending of it. My friends and I was so confused that we had to wiki it!! . . My boyfriend loved the show though cause he didn't really care for the story. If you enjoy an amazing performance than you would probably enjoy this. But if you kinda care about the story well, probably should not get your hopes up. Just enjoy it for the performances. I would come back and watch it again IF they fixed the ending. I just watched the youtube ending of the climatic battle that they removed and wish they kept it or modified the new ending better.
I was told by someone who saw 14 of the cirque du Soleil shows that KA is the best for her, she strong recommended me to buy my ticket for KA. I went to see KA on May 2013 at MGM Hotel. The show is amazing, a classic. The production is so sophisticated , the make up , the choreography, the costumes ,  all together are a blast. The storyline is very straightforward , love and conflict , KA is the fire that has the dual power to destroy or illuminate . Hard to understand the complexity of KA if you don't read the plot or see it twice. Buy binoculars to zoom out the stage in case your seat is in the very back.. Book the ticket in advance.
Elaborate set and costumes.  Visually stunning and the story line was very easy to follow which you cannot say for every Cirque show.  The seats have speakers in the headrest which is a little creepy at first but actually very cool.  Due to the accident, there was a revised ending but we had never seen KA before ao it didn't affect our opinion.  Overall, great productions and I have seen most of the Cirque shows on the strip.
Always been a fan of Cirque du Soleil, and I thoroughly enjoyed watching the KA show! Very talented people and very entertaining!
This was a good show but I had I not known before hand, I would have never guessed it was a Cirque de Soleil show. . The theater was very cool and I loved the headrest speakers.  The music was nice and there were some really cool performers.. Overall the show is very good! But after seeing 4 shows, I guess I was expecting a bit more. I was expecting it to be a tad more dramatic from costumes to backgrounds. But again, glad I went and enjoyed the show.
The most unique feature of this Cirque show was its stage.  Wow!  The platform moved from a vertical to a horizontal position to below the stage and not to mention all the little effects you just weren't expecting (I can't tell you).  You won't be disappointed!. . My favorite acts were the rocking ship.  I wish I was in the front row!  The hand-puppet scene was endearing.  I liked the digital effects of arrows being shot onto stage as the actors shot arrows from the crowd.  I thought the performers falling like Plinkos was a bit drawn out but clever and talented nonethless.  I've never seen anything like it before.  I thought the music a bit loud (thinking I'll bring ear plugs next time) but my husband thought it was perfect.  The seats are HUGE with headrests, moveable on wheels, and have sound effects in each of them right behind your head.. . We went to the Cirque shop afterwards to buy a 5x7 poster of a performer in a most flexible form for inspiration and there were no posters to buy.  We don't want something to overwhelming like a book or too small like a magnet, so we didn't buy anything.
Wanna know the funny thing about Ka, the fourth Cirque show to open on the Las Vegas strip? IT'S EXACTLY THE KIND OF SHOW THAT PEOPLE WHO HATE CIRQUE DU SOLEIL HAVE BEEN TELLING THE COMPANY TO MAKE. I saw 6 Cirque shows before this and I'm honestly feeling this may be my third favourite of the bunch, because I'll admit it's a show where the brilliance really hits you after you've seen it. . . Ka is indeed the most accessible Cirque show to date, and I do think it's a good staring point. The storyline is pretty easy to follow, given that you pay attention of course. Some of what happens can be rather scatterbrained (the focus between the goofy clown family and another family being one), but that doesn't really matter- the visuals are what really count. There's one scene where a curtain covers the stage and video effects make it look as it a dangling acrobat is drowning. . . Of course the show loses a point because of the final battle scene being entirely CG. It's easy to see why they'd do this- the accident that happened earlier this year, however the CG battle scene the lighting was really dark and blurry and that made it hard to tell what was going on. I got the gist of it but I do think they should brighten the video a bit. However, that aside, the video projections were amazing- there's a scene where the screen is being shot at with arrows and the projections "react" to where the arrows landed. That, blended in with characters sliding and flipping effortlessly on the screen was awesome!. . And the two acts that really left me thinking- the GORGEOUS aerial strap scene. That was just beautiful. The costumes especially from the "forest people" was just stunning to look at, and of course the wheel of death. I spent THE WHOLE SCENE watching through my fingers and yelling "OH SHIT!". Only Cirque can make me do that.. . In total, while not a perfect show, it's fun and worth the money. Alright, $87 is A tad pricey, but you do get what you paid for. I'd recommend it, but I'd see Mystere first. 8/10. . PROS: . -amazing stage, effects And pyrotechnics. -awesome acting. -THE MUSIC. Nuff said. And that guitarist's double neck guitar was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen. -the wheel of death. -beautiful video projections. . CONS:. -CG battle scene, either restore the actual battle with safer harnesses or brighten the video that plays
Ka was the best show in Las Vegas that I have ever seen and is also the best Cirque show, considering both permanent and traveling Cirque shows. Entering the venue, the theather caught my attention as it made me feel like was in the the actual fictional setting. Speakers in thr headrest of the seat really heightened thr experience. I The storyline was probably one of the easier Cirque stories to follow, which is a blessing by Cirque standards. The show even provided a brief spoken description before the show really took off. While it may still have been difficult at times to follow the story, the visual display of acrobatics and mobile stage were an amazing display of coordination and skill. I was glad to have been able to purchase tickets at a discounted price under a buy one get one for $20 promotion and had great seats. My only reservation regarding this show was that the epic final battle seen where a performer tragically fell to her death back in June has been replaced with a rather blurry 3D projection of the same scene. I understand that the safety of the performers should be a top priority but this pivotal series serves as the climax of the show and the show runners need to come up with a better alternative. I highly recommend this show and hope that it will be even better once they work out the major safety issue.
