Citizen Public House is a great addition to the Old Town dining scene. I love seeing restaurants crop up in that part of town that aren't just catering to the bar scene and making the food an afterthought. My girlfriend and I made reservations for Friday night expecting Bernie Kantak's new restaurant to be packed. Much to our surprise when we arrived, the place was pretty dead with tons of open tables. We purposely arrived early to enjoy a cocktail at the bar and even though we could have been seated right away, we pressed forward with our original plan.. . At the bar, I ordered my usual cocktail while the GF ordered a sangria off their cocktail menu. We also ordered an order of the bacon fat heirloom popcorn from the bar snacks menu. My cocktail was perfectly made and my GF loved the sangria. The popcorn took forever to come out, but when it was delivered they also brought out an order of the calamari compliments of the chef. The popcorn was a little bit burned and we both thought it could have used some salt, which was surprising since we thought the bacon fat would have provided that flavor. The calamari was perfectly cooked and not greasy in the least. I enjoyed the pickled fennel on the side, but my GF isn't a fan of fennel, so she didn't try it.. . After we finished our cocktails at the bar, we moved to a table for the main event. In an unusual move for us, we skipped wine and stuck with beer and cocktails, but I did eye some good finds on the concise wine list. For our appetizer, we ordered the sausage of the day, which was a beef based sausage with a cabbage casing. It was very unique and we both really enjoyed it. For our main courses, the GF ordered the AZ B.L.T. and ordered the Pork Tender Loin. The B.L.T. had tons of perfectly crispy bacon on it, but we both agreed that it was really good , but not great overall. The Pork Tender Loin, on the other hand, was excellent in my opinion. I loved the figs and the sweet potato-chevre strudel. Of course, you could put chevre on anything and I would like it.. . When it was time for dessert, we knew that we had to try some of Tracy Dempsey's latest creations. We normally split dessert, but decided to each get our own. The GF got the cookies and milk and I had the chocolate toffee bread pudding. The cookies are delivered in a bag that you can take home, which is great because you probably won't down the generous serving of cookies in one setting  unless you're sharing. My GF was quite happy to take home a little bag of cookies to enjoy later. My bread pudding was awesome and I wish I could have purchased a gallon of the Maker's Mark ice cream to take home with me. I'll definitely be craving this dessert in the future.. . The atmosphere of the restaurant is a little austere, even for my taste. It just seems like they could a little bit to make it a little bit more warm and inviting. Service, while extremely friendly, was a little bit uneven throughout the night starting with the snacks at the bar taking a long time and continuing with confusion over what tables plates should be delivered to. Keep in mind the restaurant has been open for only a week, so these are things that can be worked out.. . We were really surprised to see the restaurant so empty on a Friday night, so I hope more people give it a try. Citizen is a really good neighborhood restaurant that has the potential to be great. We look forward to trying it again to see how it improves and evolves. I'm really hoping it's a successful staple in Old Town for years to come.
We first went to Citizen for "happy hour" apps and cocktails, because I was intrigued by the online reviews and always want to try something new.  We had the mac and cheese and the "other" chopped salad.  (Not the famous one.)  I had a pisco sour (good) and a gin cocktail off their menu (I wasn't crazy about it.)  BF had Stellas.  We wanted to sit on the patio, which was a bit sterile.  Just a little color please.  The bartender who waited on us was friendly, knowledgeable, kind, and great.  Host was great too!  The salad and mac and cheese we ate were very tasty.  If you are looking for a value, go to Bungalow or somewhere else, because, as my BF says "Happy Hour is supposed to be less that $40 :)"  Citizen wasn't, but we decided it woudl be a better dinner place.   I prevailed and...     . . We bought a $100 gift certificate, which came with a complimentary $25 certificate.  We went back for dinner the next week with my sister and her husband who were visiting from Washington.  It was exceptionally quiet on a Friday night, which might have contributed to the restaurant feeling a bit sterile.  We all agreed the space needed some more division as it felt a bit "cafeteria."  Maybe skip the white tablecloths.  (We were just brainstorming  They don't seem very "gastro pub".)  The menu was very interesting and although, our server was not as exceptional as the bartender we had the first time, she was very nice.. . We had the popcorn and original chopped salad to start.  The popcorn was greasier than I thought and not as flavorful.  I still liked it and enjoyed more than enough of it.  More bacon pieces, less bacon grease please.  The salad was FABULOUS!  Now I know why it is famous.  I would come back for this salad any day.  Great presentation.  Great taste.. . For entrees we had the pork, grilled cheese, ribs, and pastrami.  The pork had excellent accompaniments and was cooked almost perfectly.  Love the figs!  The ribs were rated a 9.5.  Delic!  The grilled cheese was said to be on a brioche and was served on white bread and was somewhat underwhelming.   The pastrami was a starter portion  (which was fine) and was NOT a good cut of meat.  Because it was a small portion of meat, it was apparent, 1/2 of the portion of pastrami was pure fat.  Yucky.  The spaetzle was okay.  The brussell sprout kraut was okay.  (This was my dish if you can't tell :).  Underwhelming.. . I had the Manhattan which was excellent and the champagne cocktail which was quite tasty.  Sister is prego and had water and tea.  Brother had vodka and the rocks and BF had beer.. . Desert was a bread pudding to share which was tasty, but not quite as interesting as the menu would lead you to believe.  Cappuccino was EXCELLENT!. . We like this place.  I want it to succeed.  I don't know if they need to throw some rugs on the floor, to put a room divider next to a table or what, but they need to make it feel like a gastropub if that is what they want it to be.  Right now it feels like they are lost somewhere between fine dining and I'm not sure.. . Focus on the menu.  And the good servers.  Add some more decor.  And the quality.  And we will be back.  Good.  Almost great.
At Citizen Public House, my Ty Largo sightings continue. I see that guy damn near everywhere I go, so it must mean Up Agency is handling PR for this place. This has nothing to do with the review.. . Citizen is a really cozy, warm, and inviting space, and is exactly the opposite of every other bar in old town. It is grown up, sophisticated, and has a huge emphasis on quality and interesting food. If you're looking for a greasy burger and fries to go with a Coors Light, you've stepped into the wrong place, compadre. If you'd rather go with a bottle of Dogfish Head's Midas Touch to accompany your Original Chop Salad, then Citizen will please your palate much more. A word on the Original Chop Salad, it's the Stetson Chop that you're all accustomed to from Cowboy Ciao. Bernie Kantak, the owner of Citizen created that salad whilst working at Cowboy Ciao, and it's his to take where he wants. Easily the most famous dish in town, in my opinion. . . In my observation, Citizen is a douchebag free environment, a sanctuary for those who have become jaded from the usual Old Town bar scene. This would be a great place to have a drink after a night of dining atMarcellino or FnB, not a place to go before you head to Axis Radius or Myst. The white table cloths, dimly lit and somewhat romantic environs, and overal sexiness make this a great spot for a first or second date, or a perfect place to go before heading to the art walk or an event at the Center for Performing Arts.. . A couple of small knocks on a place though; they don't have a great selection of draft beers, in fact , I was rather disappointed to see they had Guiness, Bud Light, a couple of Four Peaks, and Pilsner Urquell on draft. They have some really interesting and high quality beers in bottles, but unfortunately the girl behind the bar wasn't terribly experienced with beer and couldn't tell us much about one or two that I was unfamilar with. I consider this a very minor inconvienence and perhaps if business picks up and enough people request it, they will add some good beers to the tap, otherwise, I'd rather drink a bottle of beer at home than in a bar.. . All in all, this is a solid contender and I hope it does well. The Old Town scene seems pretty dead to me lately, as on a Tuesday this is one of three places I went where my group was literally the only ones in the house. I'm quite sure the weekend business is better, but you can't survive if you're operating in the red 2-3 nights a week. Here's to hoping Ty Largo does his job and gets the good word out there about Citizen Public House. He owes it to the public to let them experience it.
Great bar, great atmosphere, great service!. . Citizen crafts classic old-school cocktails courtesy of Thomas and Rich.  ON top of that they have a few beers on draught, by the bottle and a pleasantly surprising wine selection.   . . Food-wise the menu is kinda geared towards comfort and southern style offerings including mac-n-cheese, scallops with bacon and corn grits, dungeness crab cakes with complementary slaw, pork-belly, etc. . Again, overall good place to go for a casual and relaxing drink or two. Will be back for more...
Loved it and can't wait to go back. Great atmosphere while still paying homage to the location's historical roots.  Food was inventive (but not crazy)  and fresh and delicious. Appreciate the creativity to put the out of the norm spin on old favorites.  We'll be back.  And soon.
After an event at the Montelucia my girlfriend and I headed to old town with another couple looking for a good dinner spot. We ended up at the Citizen House on their one month anniversary.. . The first thing was the service was great. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and sat. Within minutes we had a server taking our drink orders and asking for apps. The only negative is the kitchen still may be learning because our food took a while.. . We ordered the fondue and popcorn for apps and they were both great. The only thing is they don't give you enough dipping food for the fondue but bring you extra for more money. The popcorn was unreal I mean bacon flavored popcorn who could ask for more?. . For entrees our table ordered the scallops, chicken and chopped salad. All received great reviews. For dessert we order the bread pudding which was good not great. The bread pudding was a little bland but the makers mark ice cream was great.. . . I will be making the Citizen House a regular stop in my old town dinner rotation.
Awesome Food and staff. Swanky spot with unique Menu. The Almond Tequila is the best!
I attended the Yelp mixer here courtesy of the elite Little Lady, so although I didn't have full dinner service I did like what I saw.  I think the place could best be described as the owner put it:  a "modern tavern.". . Pros:. . -They have Guinness on tap and pour it CORRECTLY.  A definite rarity in AZ.. -Nice menu options and really reasonable price points.. -Great patio that doesn't sit on a busy street. -I friggin' love the concrete floors, need to find out who refinished them so they can do my house!. . Cons:. . -TBD, none yet. . I can't wait to have a full dinner service here, from what I saw they've put a lot of effort into the place--from menu and drinks to decor and service.  Maybe an actual long-term winner in Old Town???
I'm not exactly sure how we received an email notifying us about the opening of CPH....I'm just glad we did.  My guess is that we must have given our email when we ate at Cowboy Ciao several months ago.  In any case, my wife and I really enjoyed our dinner at CPH.  The waitress turned out to be the same one that helped us when we ate at Cowboy Ciao a few months back.  The calamari we ate was outstanding...the best tasting I've ever had.  The salad....that famous one with the facebook page....was awesome as always.  Then we had the rib roast...which was melt in your mouth good.  We'll be back for sure...soon!
Awesome crab cakes and the one of the best scallop dishes I've ever eaten. The scallops were delicious and the grits were smooth & creamy. Cool atmosphere. Was able to sit at a table in the bar area without waiting.
Well worth finding a parking spot.  I have been for lunch and dinner both the same menu.  The food was excellent fresh and I was told local.
I'm a poor college student, therefore, I don't eat at places this nice very often. We came in last night around 8. The room is very spacious and beautifully decorated with a nice ambiance. The service kind of confused me, because I'm used to servers wanting you in and out as soon as possible. Here, they get your drink order, then get your appetizer order. They don't get your meal order until AFTER you finish your appetizer, just in case you change your mind after eating the appetizer. The head chef, I believe, of the restaurant personally delivered our appetizer and chatted us up for a good 15 minutes. We got the pork belly as our appetizer and it was really good, basically melted in your mouth. I ordered the AZ BLT and my friend ordered the grilled halloumi cheese. Both were REALLY good. The BLT came with homemade bacon and the cheese on the grilled cheese was super tasty. I ended up switching sandwiches with my friend because I enjoyed the halloumi cheese more! We finished off the meal with the bread pudding which, like everything else, was absolutely fabulous. I'd give the restaurant five stars, but the drink orders took FOREVER. This was there only downfall. Besides that, I would definitely return, especially to check out the sexy, bald bartender with the tattoos.
Citizen Public House is just one course away from 5-stars. It was sad really because it is that last dessert course, the final swan song of the meal, that I most remember and it was terrible (some of the most awful dessert I have ever had). On the upside the dessert did have a really tough act to follow; the cocktails were amazing, the appetizers scrumptious, the main course delicious, and the service excellent.. . The hummus appetizer had some of the best hummus, pita, and pickles I have ever had. For the main course I had the Smart Chicken and for a chicken dish it was outstanding. Now they tell you that it comes with mushroom onion hash, but really it is just a saute served over the chicken which is perched atop a lovely corn risotto. It is the flavor that counts and that was out of this world. There is just nothing like a dish that presents such dimension of flavors and delights the palette. My co-diners were all equally pleased with their mains.. . Sadly things took a serious downturn at dessert. We ordered the cookies and the strawberry pound cake. There were about 4 different cookies in a bag presented to us, they were not warmed, and honestly out of the four of us we couldn't find one of them we liked. We felt a place and bake cookie from the grocery store would have been better, *sorry* but I have to tell the truth. The pound cake was supposed to be an olive oil cake, which I have had many of in the past and so when I got this dry scone-like cake instead of something moist and perfectly rich I was greatly disappointed. Not to mention there wasn't one fresh or macerated strawberry on the plate, in fact those that were cooked into the cake were not even identifiable as a strawberry any longer.. . Despite the sad ending to our meal, I would highly recommend you give this place a try, just skip dessert. They have only been open about a month and are doing a phenomenal job. I will definitely be headed back when in Scottsdale again.
My review is only for the bar and drinks! . . My girlfriend and I came here upon hearing that they serve Irish Coffee. We recently visited San Francisco and had Irish Coffee at the Buena Vista Social Club and wanted to relive that amazing night. . . The Irish Coffee here of course wasn't as good as SF but it was very good! The bartender was very friendly. The drinks were pretty steep at $10 each but they are meant to enjoy at a leisurely pace.
A few friends and I came to Citizen Public House last friday evening for a late dinner around 9:15pm. Even at this hour, CPH was still pretty well filled up. The decor is nice, but you can definitely tell it used to be an art gallery with the way the walls are set. CPH made good use of the space however, and lighting as well, with lots of clean lines and dark woods. . . Our server, was absolutely fantastic. He came with good suggestions for wine pairings, knowledge about the menu, and timed our food to an absolute T. I ordered the chopped salad, which was to die for. I've never had smoked salmon in my chopped salad before, but the array of flavors and colors was just beautiful in this dish. Looking at the menu there literally isnt a dish on the menu I wouldnt try. I cant wait to go back and dig in again. . . The sole snafu of the night was with our bill, they accidentally charged my friend 3x for the total bill, which was expensive for 6 of us. Rich (one of the managers) was quick to try and fix it, but come tuesday morning it still wasnt fixed from friday. My friend went back in on Wednesday to try and have it fixed, wherein another one of the managers was present and apparently took a lot of attitude with my friend. Despite the snafu with the bill, we will still come back.
You have to try this place to appreciate it.  At a glance, the menu seems a bit ho-hum considering the price, but that notion vanished as soon as our waiter, Tomas, started explaining the items to us.  Though very down-to-earth, he had a story-teller's gift for describing the food in a manner that brought out its complexity and our lust.  The chef demonstrated the same talent in execution.  . . The Korean pear salad is good, but you get to watch the preparation of the original chopped salad -- no ordinary thing.  The pork belly pastrami is rich beyond imagination.  Even the mac and cheese is yummy.  The pan-seared scallops sitting on a bed of grits may be the best dish there, but the smart chicken and short ribs are also hard to ignore.  . . The dessert menu almost tricked me also.  At first glance, nothing for chocolate lovers, but the Pot de Creme has a serious surprise on the bottom.  I'd also go back for the bread pudding.. . The location and layout are convenient though not particularly memorable.  Though the patio is small the restaurant proper opens into it with some large doors to provide an outdoor feel.
I was in town for the Culinary Arts Festival and got a recommendation for this place for Friday night. The place looked cool and the server was very friendly. I started with the sangria and it was a good place to start. Between the three of us, we started with the flatbread, the original chopped, and the korean pear salad. All three were tasty and delicious. I loved the flavors of my salad the best, but the chopped had a lot of taste going on and the hummus was smooth and subtle (ie-not too heavy on the garlic). Great start to the meal indeed. For dinner, I ordered the halibut and my dinner partners-in-crime ordered the pork tenderloin and the short-ribs. Bites of all three confirmed tastiness once again. To round things out, dessert menus arrived.  We ordered the strawberry poundcake, the bread pudding, and the cookies and milk. And here is where they lost that fifth star. The cookies were terrible. Three of the four were hard as rocks. The spicy chocolate was the only one with flavor that was recognizable. The other three were kitchen experiments gone awry--and not awry in that "this is experimental and new so it must be good" kind of way. Awry in that spit this out and we know why they serve it with milk kind of way. If you are going to have an awesome restaurant and you want to be clever by offering cookies and milk, bake some good cookies. Or buy good cookies. If they can make bread pudding, they can make cookies (or take them completely off the menu).
What a great addition to downtown Scottsdale dining! The location gives diners on the small patio a fantastic quiet and quaint streetside view with white lights, trees and the occasional horse-drawn carriage clomping by. Loved the list of handcrafted, unique cocktails. My Citi-Zen hit just the right note of tanginess with a hint of ginger, sweet and sour and pear vodka. Our server treated us like old friends with some great info on the cocktails and dishes. We felt like we were in an established neighborhood joint and not some corporate clone place! Started with the incredibly addictive bacon popcorn and then moved to several starters - the crab cakes were light and full of crab, not filler, with a tangy slaw; the fondue is really fun and rich with a combo of apples, sausage and bread to dip. The lamb burger reminded us of a very fancy gyro - rich lamb flavor tempered by the creamy sauce and a fantastic bun. Overall a fun, tasty and satisfying experience. If you don't want a big dinner, there is a long list of bar noshes and starters along with full entrees.
Very cool addition to Scottsdale.  We enjoyed some drinks at the bar this past weekend and really liked this place.  The bartenders were great - friendly and very helpful.
Great new spot in old town. My first visit was a preview event and things were a little rough, but since then, this place has really delivered. . . I dislike the term "mixologist" but I do appreciate artfully crafted cocktails and CPH has that. The drink menu is unique and offers a good variety of different tastes. Plus, the bartenders are always helpful and friendly. The bar, which really is the center piece of the restaurant, is a great spot for a pre-dinner, post-dinner, or pre-pre drink. . . The food is also winning. The pork belly pastrami is amazing, the green lip mussels are good and equally unique. For entrees, you can't go wrong with the short ribs, may be the best in town. . . Finally, service is great, another hard find in Phoenix. Hopefully, CPH is continuing the trend of FNB and other places that focus on quality and service, versus table turn over and mass appeal.
The ambiance:  classy, relaxing, & unpretentious. The service:  first rate. The server:  knowledgeable, attentive, friendly. The food:  very, very good. The check:  very reasonable. Would we go back:  without a doubt!!
Have you ever heard of a salad that is so popular that it has its own Facebook page? I know I couldn't believe it either, but this isn't any ordinary salad. Think tidy rows of smoked salmon, Israeli couscous, asiago cheese, arugula, sweet dried corn, black currants and pepitas (toasted pumpkin seeds) topped with a creamy pesto dressing all tossed table-side. The Stetson Chopped Salad should not only have its own fan page but its creator, Chef Bernie Kantak, should be given a hug every time you see him at his new Citizen Public House. . . Located in what used to be the valleys original Trader Vic's, there isn't a tiki torch in sight. Instead you'll find a contemporary space outfitted with wood accents, leather booths and a stainless steel-topped bar. The vibe is casual and relaxed elevated by outstanding service on every one of my visits. . . If you're wondering what a public house is, well simply put it's a tavern that also serves food. While they do serve some great drinks and have an excellent wine list, I'd be hard pressed to call Citizen a mere tavern. How many taverns have you ever heard of serving pork studded Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn ($5)? Or how about a pot filled with creamy 'Kilt Lifter' Fondue ($9) savory hunter's sausage, sweet tangy pears and toasted country bread? If you have, please let me know right away.. . For dinner I couldn't recommend The Original Chopped Salad ($12) more but if you don't like smoked salmon, they can make it with chicken instead. The Mirliton Chopped Salad ($12), a composition including chayote, snow pea greens, tomatoes, popcorn, grilled halloumi cheese; cucumber-onion salad tossed with a tangy parsley-garlic dressing was a fantastic textural explosion but lives in the shadow of its older sibling.. . I'm not even sure where to start with the entrees; I guess it comes down to price point. Take the lower priced lusciously juicy Lamb Burger ($12) topped with a cucumber salad, zesty tzatziki and served with fries, you'd think with flavor and quality like this would be much more expensive. . . At the other end of the price range sit the fantastically meaty Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs ($28) complete with a side of brightly sour dried cherry bbq sauce and roasted parsnip puree. Somewhere in between is the juicy "Smart" Chicken ($18) which refers to the brand not the chicken's admission into the Mensa Society. . . Desserts by Tracy Dempsey were all that and a bag of cookies, literally. Cookies and Milk ($6) were delightfully chewy and come served in a sealed pouch for freshness, of course the milk was ice cold just perfect for dunking. Three words, Strawberry Pound Cake ($9). A thick slice of strawberry olive oil pound cake is lightly grilled then served with vanilla malted ice cream, chocolate sauce and malted strawberry streusel and like the Stetson salad it was Facebook worthy.
I went here for restaurant week with the Bf last friday night. It was really good. We had a really good server who was friendly and efficient.  For our appetizers, the BF got the bacon fat popcorn and thought it was fantastic.... I'm not a huge fan of bacon, but it was ok in my opinion. I got the Mirliton salad, which was delicious! It has such a variety of textures and flavors, it had popcorn, chayote (which I had never had), cheese, cucumber, onion and really tasty dressing. I would definitely order that again. For mains, the BF got the pork tenderloin, which was absolutely delicious! I was so mad that he ordered better than me (like usual). It was the pork with mashed sweet potato, chevre, and figs with apple jus... it was so delicious and full of flavor. I ordered the chicken which I absolutely would not order again (that's where the star came off). It was chicken with a corn risotto and an onion and mushroom hash. It was all kind of smokey.... but not in a good way, and did not have a flavor that I liked. The risotto was not sweet like I thought it would be... and all the flavors kind of blended together so you couldn't taste the components. I make a better risotto at home, so I was very disappointed. Luckily for me, the BF shared some of his pork with me. So for desserts the BF got the pig in the orchard, which is a bacon bread pudding with a cinnamon -y ice cream. This was good, but my dessert beat the pants off of it (woot!!). I got the pot de creme. This was the highlight of the meal! It was amazing... it was a whiskey, coffee, and chocolate pot de creme and it was so rich and delicious.... if I could eat it everyday, I would, and I would be fat and wouldn't care..... So overall, it was good and I would definitely come back HOWEVER I would definitely not order the chicken again.
Love this restaurant! Very relaxed and relatively quiet atmosphere. Great beers on tap and great bottle selection. Food is done really well and the bartenders are very friendly. I'll definitely continue eating here.
Went on a Monday and got a kick out of how it used to be the bar/club called Next a number of years ago.  The servers seemed a little too busy because I am sure they were understaffed for that evening.  The servers were happy and the busers/food runners were on top of there game.  It was nice to get a free chopped salad because we got a bottle of wine.  The chopped salad was amazing as always (cowboy ciao original) Since the weather has still been nice out, the patio was packed.  Unfortunately the draft beer lines were not cooled (I experienced this managing a bar....not fun) so no beer on draft was available.  Not a big deal having had the bottle of win.  For dinner we split the scallops and halibut which was fantastic....we should have maybe stayed for dessert but went to Yogurtland. LOL.  The price was right, ambiance was good, food was good, too
Took a large party here a little over a month ago and loved every minute of it.  The menu offers everything from their famous chop salad ( you seen it before at cowboy ciao) to amazing short ribs.  The cocktail menu is quite unique and the wine list offers a lot of range.  Great HH or CPH as they call it 3 - 6 daily.  What I like best is the size of the menu and the fact that you can spend anywhere from 10 to 25 on an entree depending on your mood.  It's a little tough to find tucked on a side street but do not miss this great addition to old town Scottsdale.. . Matt C
This place was great! The food was good. Expected prices. They had some great original cocktails too. The portions weren't really big, but they filled you up. The atmosphere was nice too. It was in a great location too because we got to see a neat part of downtown scottsdale. Staff was friendly.
Good sized bar surrounded by tables with white table cloths, casual, sophisticated atmosphere.  Wine from US, France, New Zealand.  Good selection.  Everything from inexpensive snacks to sandwiches and salads to delicious full blown meals.  The whole nine yards done well.  I had the pork loin served creatively with sweet potato in phillo with delicious goat cheese and figs.  Absolutely delicious.  My date had halibut and was very happy with it.
We came here with another friend on Sunday at 7:30 with no reservation and had no problem getting a table. The food here is solid, the drink menu is pretty decent, the ambiance is nice, menu is good, service is eh.. . We, like others, sat around a while waiting for a drink order to be taken. We ordered the flat bread with hummus and tzatziki. The hummus was excellent and the little pickled veg that came with it was excellent. . . I had the original chopped salad after that and it was really, really good. I loved the combination of the flavors and textures. The waitress mixed it up for me and I had only a drizzle of the dressing since I didn't want everything swimming in it. A drizzle was plenty! I had mine with the smoked salmon, our friend had hers with the chicken. I would come back for this salad alone (and those pickle things). . . Husband had the pork belly pastrami which was just a little bit too salty but the flavors were great, the rye spaetzle was very unique and the brussel sprout saurkraut was very good.. . Overall, I would come here again even if the service isn't fantastic because the ambiance is nice enough that waiting around and enjoying good company is fine.
Drove 30 min to check this place out. It made the perfect date night out with the husband. White table cloth, candle, menu that provided lots to talk about.. . We got here 6pm on a Sunday night and were one of about 3 tables in a surprisingly big restaurant. By the time we left at 7:30 it was filling up nicely, but no wait.  Traded seats with my husband to have a better view of the bar which was romantic and manly at the same time (the bar, AND the gesture).. . I ordered a Moe'scow Mule to drink (first one ever). Tasty and stayed ice cold my entire meal in that cool copper mug.. . Hubby got the Original Chopped Salad and I got the other chopped salad - started with an M...Mir...I can't remember.  We SHARED which I highly recommend - these salads were a tastebud sensation - lots going on and they were different but both delicious.. . Hubby ordered the Scallops (3-4 HUGE savory scallops, with gritts) and I ordered the Filet Mignon (cooked to perfection, awesome piece of meat, plenty to share with husband, on mashed potatoes and mushrooms).. . We skipped dessert since we had Ben and Jerry's waiting for us at home. So lame I know.  Some deserts looked interesting - some involved BACON.  Bill came to $96.. . This is a place that will keep you talking and bring out the foodie in anyone.  Enjoyed the ambiance, old 1920/1930's photos on the walls, and our knowledgeable/attentive server.. . I'm feeling stingy with holding back that last star because I thought about a restaurant like DURANTS that might have a leg up on CPH.
Good drink menu and good neighborhood place but not a destination restaurant be any means.  We enjoyed the food, especially the halibut.  It's tucked into a side street and is easy to miss.  It would be hard for me to go here instead of FnB since they are so close togeather.
Ate here for Yelp Eats week 2011. The hubby and I were meeting up with my sister and her husband for dinner at 7pm but we arrived at about 5:30 (it is just down the street from where I work so it seemed a waste to go home first). So, we got to enjoy the full bar experience while we were waiting. The bartenders were super friendly and offered up a lot of great information about the drinks and the food menu. My hubby was very happy that they had Kiltlifter and the Four Peaks Hefe on tap and so was content to enjoy a couple of those but I decided to try the specialty cocktails since I had heard such good things about them. The first one I tried was like a vodka tonic but instead of the tonic they used a sparkling wine in it. I think it also had some orange flavor to it b/c it was served with a curl of orange peel on the rim of the glass. It was so fresh tasting and the bubbles tickled your taste buds so it made the perfect aperitif. Unfortunately I can't remember the name of it and it is not on the list on the website. We also ordered some rosemary nuts which were served warm and were absolutely delicious. Basically just fragrant nuts that were ever-so-slightly candied but they made the perfect light snack. I decided to try a more earthy drink next to go with the nuts so I ordered a Moscow Mule. I know others have raved about this drink but I really wasn't a fan. I liked the cool cup it came in and I loved the fresh cucumber and mint but the ginger beer that they use is just too bitter for me. I love the taste of ginger but this was just too peppery. The next drink I tried (yes, I like to drink, don't judge) was the Aviation and I have to say that this was one of the best cocktails that I have ever had. I am a big gimlet fan (with gin, not vodka) and so this had that nice sour flavor but extra complexity because of the cherry liqueur. It was nice and fruity without being too sweet. Just a really great cocktail and I think I enjoyed it even more because by then we had also ordered some of the bacon fat popcorn which was fantastic. Kind of felt a little guilty seeing all the bacon drippings at the bottom of the bowl but the popcorn itself somehow did not seem too greasy or soggy at all. This really is the perfect bar snack since it went equally well with my fab cocktails and my husband's beer. . . Once our dinner companions finally arrived me moved to a table in the dining area. We all ordered off the Yelp Eats menu. My brother-in-law tried the chopped salad and it did not disappoint. My sister and I got the regular salad with different dressings that were both fabulous. I love the fact that they have some unique salad dressing options that are fresh made daily in house. My hubby got the sausage of the day which we had already been informed at the bar is sort of a salad, too. It was basically sliced Spanish chorizo (the hard kind) on top of mixed greens. I have never seen him enjoy a salad so much. For entrees, two of us got the scallops which were absolutely perfect. Really amazing. My sister got the chicken and my hubby got the pork. They were not as impressed as we were with the scallops but they still enjoyed their meals. We were all too stuffed for dessert but I got a cappuccino to sip on while my sister finished her wine and it was tasty though more of a latte since the milk was mixed in rather than floating on top.. . I love the smooth, swanky feel of this place.  I was expecting more of a "pub" atmosphere because of the name but it is not like that at all.  I really like places like this that are upscale but not stuffy.  You would feel equally comfortable here in a dress and heels as you would in jeans.  I will say that if the meals weren't half off I may have felt it was a little overpriced.  I think I would have just given three stars based on the dinner but the drinks and service we received at the bar bumped it up a notch and I will definitely be back just for that reason.
This place has a really great scaled back elegance. I love the energy that the large bar in the center of the space creates. My only complaint is that the lack of soft surfaces contributes to an incredibly loud atmosphere.. . On to the food! I've had the mussels there twice. Each time prepared differently. Each time delicious, hearty, and perfect for soaking up the broth with their airy bread. . . Their 'Original Chopped Salad' is definitely a must order! There are several textures and flavors in this salad that individually stand out, but also peacefully come together to create a memorable and satisfying moment on your palette. . . My experience so far is that I'm a huge fan of everything on the left side of the menu (small plates, apps, salads,etc). It's not that the sandwiches and entrees (only tried the roasted chx) weren't nicely prepared, but they just aren't to my taste. Too much flavor, or not enough. Not a fan of their fries. . . Their wine selection is fantastic. There is a great range of varietals and price points to choose from.  The service is wonderfully friendly! All the staff that I've encountered are very knowledgeable about the wines and the menu.. . Lastly... the owner is cute! Had to say it.
Do what you do and stop trying to be gimmicky/cute.  That's the only advice I'd have for CPH.  They certainly don't need any advice on decor, food preparation, or service because all were stellar. The wine list and beer selections were very good and the menu itself is drool-inducing.  Here is what I mean though...it's called a "Public House" but it's a very sleek and upscale restaurant. It's not a pub and I get that but that sort of "we're being cool" irony bleeds over into the menu, the food, and the experience.  . . Another example, happy hour isn't happy hour, it's "Social.". Yeah, ok.  Awesome. . . Furthermore each item we sampled included some sort of out of the ordinary ingredient that seemingly didn't belong. This worked terrifically well on the chopped salad.  This dish was just a unique medley I would have never thought to mix.  However the odd ingredient technique fell flat with the pork (fruit??) that was otherwise a terrific dish.  It also didn't work with the bread pudding (bacon).  Now, I know what you're saying, "bacon is never a bad idea."  While that is usually accurate it was completely unnecessay in this dessert and actually disrupted the flavors.  Strip out those mediocre additions and those dishes would have been perfect. . . Overall, while gimmicky the food is executed professionally and if in Scottsdale you won't go wrong here.  Maybe one day I'll come back to "Citizens" for "happy hour"...that'd probably be a 5-star review!
BACON LOVERS UNITE! Get your butts over to this place pronto! I found your heaven!!! My favorite bacon eater brought me here with a couple of friends without noting any sort of hidden agenda. When I saw the menu, I understood why we were here immediately... . . Our server stepped up to the table and immediately started describing drinks and dishes to us without skipping a beat. He was educated about the food and it showed-- I appreciate that. He also made us giggle when he walked away from the table saying, "I'll get your drinks and oh, I'll grab your nuts!"  I must say,their nuts are candied and delicious. Just the way I like them. . . So, my dearest friend was unafraid to try the artery-clogging dishes that he had lined up in his mind, and it started off with the "Tender Belly" bacon fat heirloom popcorn. Fact: It's pieces of bacon tossed in with some flavorless regular ol' popcorn. Does the bacon make it good? Sure. Is it something amazing? No, it's definitely a novelty and they are just having fun with it. . . Next: We went for something healthy and highly recommended: The Mirliton Chopped Salad. As everyone has said, it's deeeeelicious. I wanted to marry it while I was on my salad high (I realized that marrying food just isn't sustainable...). Just so you know, it's not very big-- I recommend two people sharing it before your main dish. . . Sandwiches: I got the Halloumi Sandwich. I love cheese, and I wasn't certain of what to expect with this dish, so I suppose I really had no expectations. The roll it came on was delicious, the chickpea puree was a great spread, I loved the tahini addition as well, but somehow I couldn't love the cheese. It just didn't have a texture that I am used to and it wasn't a strong enough flavor to balance it out. So...I "hmm" this dish. Not dislike, just..."hmm".... . My friend's dish: Another friend ordered the BLT and the other ordered the Pastrami. He ordered the Lamb Burger. This was described by the server as "gamey" in his initial description. I do not like that word. That sounds like the meat is going to have body odor, soooo I didn't order it! Fortunately for me, my friend did and it was a little overcooked for his liking, so we swapped dishes! HOORAY!! It was pure, premium lamb and the tzatziki and cucumber onion salad were complimentary and DELISH. No B.O. here, folks, just tasty goodness. The server took off the lamb burger because of the overcooked factor AND offered to bring him another one that was rarer. What great service! . . Dessert: Yes, I continued my role as sidekick on the bacon-anza and got the "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding. I was in a coma already, but I decided to just finish myself off with this one. The bacon adds really just another novelty factor to this dish. You could easily have just cooked the bread pudding with some of the bacon run-off and been done with it, the bacon taste would have been enough to satisfy the taste. The bacon chunks=overkill. The ice cream neutralizes it ever so slightly and gives it an apple pie savory appeal.. . As the Bacon-anza came to a close, we were all turning into little piglets before our eyes with rosier cheeks and a light glaze added to our skin... Thank you Citizen Public House.
Great service, good food, so-so preparedness. I came for the Yelp Eats promotion, but one of the more popular items on the menu (scallops) had sold out. Usually, his would not be a problem, but I had already sold myself on the side item for this entree -- corn grits! And needless to say, this southern influenced girl was sorely disappointed not to get my serving of grits :( but no fear, the waitress made sure I got my corn grits on the side.  The rest of their entree items looked fair, but nothing in particular stood out as a must have.  I settled on a halibut dish.  The appetizers list looked a bit more interesting... . . The good:. - The chopped salad is a must try (this appetizer has it's own Facebook page for crying out loud!). - The staff.  We were quickly greeted and sat at our table upon arrival, and our drink orders were taken and delivered to the table in record time.  Throughout our meal, my husband harassed the waitress for different selections of wine -- but she was a good sport. He is forever embarrassing me in public, so any spot that can put up with his drunken shenanigans is a win.. . The not as good:. - Best looking dish, scallops, was not available. - My halibut was overcooked. - We came in on a Sunday, and the place was half empty... But food still took long time to get cooked. I didn't mind this much, as I was not in a hurry. But if I had been on a schedule, this would surely been annoying. - No cappuccino since machine was broken (boo). . Overall, i'd give this place a 3.5.  The chopped salad and friendly service was enough to make me overlook some of their lesser qualities.  I'd like to go back another time and see whether my experience is different--maybe I just caught them on an off night?
Now, really, how much better can it get than expertly made cocktails and sausages dipped in cheese fondue at happy hour prices?  It can't.
I've been in 3 or 4 times now, and I've only sat at the bar for drinks, so mine can't be a complete assessment of all of Citizen's attributes, but from what I've experienced so far, i would give it 4.5 stars if I could. I know they do private 6-course affairs, and reportedly (and believably) have the top mixmaster in the Valley. This place is in my opinion, along with AZ88, the top place to chill upscale in S. Scottsdale with a classy drink and fellow clientele. The service is outstanding as well. When I dropped by last night, a super-friendly fellow met me at the door and apologized, saying they are usually open till 1:30 on Thursdays, but "we'd love to have you back" and handed me their 6-course private dinner menu with a REAL smile. Almost unheard of in douchebaggy Scottsdale. This is a class joint.
The girls and I chose Citizen Public House for our Saturday night dinning spot due to it's charm, reputation, and location. Previous visits to this establishment were phenomenal; a concoction of various liquors saturating my belly  and the consumption of a possibly over-priced steak. That being said, last evening was slightly less exemplary. But only slightly.. . We arrived around 830 to a moderately busy restaurant. Got a great booth & decided on a tasty Pinot Grigio for under $30. Our server was decent, not great, clearly busy. I found myself wondering where he was a few times, but his moderate charm and the speed of our appetizer allowed some forgiveness. That, and the fact that we have all worked as servers/bartenders one time or another, oh and the wine :) . . We ordered the halibut, pastrami appetizer, smart chicken, and the fondue appetizer. Fondue came out quickly and was amazing. The halibut was good, but not great - the pastrami was excessively fatty, I was expecting a little fat, but having grown up consuming strangely large amounts of pastrami, i must admit that it was aggressive. The chicken was the star of the meal, with sweet corn risotto, mushrooms, and perfectly moist chicken. It was definitely aptly named, smart chicken. . . My main concern was the vegetables. I love my veggies, and a simple sauteed veggie dish would've been lovely. I ordered $5 relished veggies and got a plate of under cooked, hard, disgusting squash and onions. That is not an array of delicious greens. There actually were no greens. The halibut came with cauliflower that was really just not good. Like really, not good. The brussels sprout sauerkraut sounded like the stuff my dreams are made of (is that lame?) and unfortunately was not of dream quality. . . The food may be hit or miss occasionally ('ve heard the scallops are phenomenal, and the steak is very good, although a small portion) the bar definitely makes up for any failings. A delicious array of cocktails that you've never dreamed of, made by friendly, talented mixologists. Truly, they aren't bartenders. We tried this grapefruit vodka, spicy tomato juice, basil oil concoction and it was just delicious. Every drink i've had there has been funky, unique, and just phenomenal. . . Maybe in the future I'll skip dinner at CPH, and just go straight to their bar...
Indeed, this Citizen shall enter the House open to the Public!  I ordered the Connelly's Grilled Cheese with little expectations.  Wow! I was surprised with my first bite, savory ham, melted cheddar cheese, and the pickled cherry's to bring in that extra sweet kick.  The crusted toast was a most welcomed texture to my senses.  Well done good Citizen, well done!  We sat at the bar for some drinks (Czech Republic - Pilsner cool!) Service was excellent!  Decors, were really modern, but with a name like Citizen Public House, can't help but the think of the movie Citizen Kane.  "You still eating?": "I"m still hungry!" - Enjoy!
A great option for something different.  . . Found this place when attending a Yelp event, liked it so much I came back.. . Great service.  Nice atmoshpere.  Great Alcohol options.. . I thought the lamb meatballs were so good that I ordered the lamb burger but was sadly disappointed.  Tzatziki is very good.. . Dessert options are wonderfu so be sure to save room.
Had a great meal tonight at Citizen's. We were looking for something light, so we started out with the tzatziki and hummus appetizer served with grilled pita bread. It was excellent. I would definitely get it again. I then had the grilled cheese sandwich with a tasty cherry spread--very gourmet! I tasted my friend's chopped salad which was incredible. It was not your ordinary chopped salad, as it had couscous, smoked salmon, corn, etc. I would definitely order this salad when I visit again. The atmosphere had a clean, uptown look with nice, low lighting. What was unique about this place was its interesting menu. I loved all the new foods I tried tonight!
So we've been looking for gastropubs in the area and the first to pop up on yelp is this place. We decided to drop by the place after a not so wonderful experience at a concert and this place really made me feel a lot better. The food and ambiance are great! We got here pretty late so I was surprised they were willing to seat us. .  . We had the 'Tender Belly' Pork Belly Pastrami, 'Kilt Lifter' fondue, and we were intrigued by the "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding so we ordered that as well. The prices are a bit high (every thing we ordered averaged $10), but everything tasted great so no complaints about the price from me. The service is a bit hit or miss hence the minus 1 star but I will definitely be coming here again.
Oh wow! Went on a double date here last weekend as a last-minute decision to find something near the comedy club down the street (review for Stand Up Scottsdale up next!)  They have a good drink selection with a unique twist on a few cocktails, great beers on tap (Four Peaks hefeweizen!) and bottled wines as well. I had the lamb burger... Yummmy!  The pickled cucumber mix on top was crisp and perfectly accented the lamb, which was cooked med-well and not a bit dry. Our server was very careful to point out that the lamb is 100% lamb and no beef was in the mix. Good to hear! The housemade ketchup with the fries was interesting.  Had a sweetness almost like molasses to it ... Boyfriend had the gorgonzola mac & cheese, which I sampled and found it quite good even though I'm not much a mac & cheese gal.  Our drinks never went empty and our server was prompt and accommodating when we let him know we had a slight time issue with the upcoming comedy show. Overall, great experience!. . I should mention it can be a bit loud inside the restaurant. Probably due to the concrete floors and high ceiling that noise just kind of carries around the place. I didn't find it offensive, just notable. I think the interior is great; I love the low lighting and the bar in the middle of the place with ample seating! Can't wait to park on one of their stools and enjoy some happy hour treats!
When I review restaurants . . . service, atmosphere and food get weighed almost equally. Maybe it was an off night for CPH, and perhaps based on previous reviews, my expectations were too high. I so wanted to give it five stars. I took a friend from out of town there for the last night of Arizona Restaurant Week. . . The Pros . Food - (5*) The menu choices were fantastic -- something for everyone. We both ordered the Original Chopped Salad and the Scallops. Both were delicious. (FYI - I had the Kantak Chopped for three nights in a row now, twice at Amaro in Cave Creek. It is my new favorite!) The flavors and textures in this salad are perfect. The pan seared scallops were tender, juicy and sweet. Desserts for me were overkill, but it came with the meal. The "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding was delicious, but not as delectable as the Irish Coffee Pot de Creme which sent me to Cloud 9. . . The Cons: . Atmosphere (3*) Even on a Sunday evening, the dining room is really loud. Even though we were sitting next to each other, we were borderline shouting just to be heard. Nevertheless, the design is cool and inviting. . . Service (2*) Our server had zip personality, made no suggestions whatsoever, and didn't bring any bread. She brought our entrees to the table when I was clearly still working on my salad. (One of my biggest pet peeves!) . . Will I go back? Absolutely. Based on all the other reviews, this just might have been a peculiar instance so I'm willing to give it another shot.
I came here shortly after they opened for the Yelp preview. I didn't want to write a review on that for a few reasons; mainly because it wasn't a true dining experience. The food and the cocktails were so awesome that night and the staff was amazingly friendly... I don't know what took me so long to come back. . At the Yelp event, I love love love loved the lamb meatball (which seems to actually be the lamb burger on the menu) and the smart chicken. It was late night and I wasn't starving, so wanted to choose a smaller plate. I have a friend who once told me, "If a restaurant has crab cakes on the menu, order them. If the crab cakes are good, then you know it's a good restaurant." I saw crab cakes on the menu and thought of what he said. Now, I already knew this restaurant creates great food so didn't need to use the crab cakes as an indicator. I don't normally go for seafood items, but had crab cakes once that were delicious in DC and always wanted to taste crab cakes that good since then. I figured there was a good chance these crab cakes might give those DC cakes a fun for their money and I was so right. They were sooooooooo good. I'm still thinking about them and will be letting my crab cake loving friend know he's missing out if he doesn't ever get to eat these. . Oh yeah, do you know they have a sausage of the day? Citizen Public House is awesome. . Each month they have a cocktail pairing dinner that I keep meaning to get to. I love to drink and I love to eat. Smartest idea ever to pair foods with cocktails rather than cocktails to food. So far they've only been on nights where I have to work the next day; which explains why I haven't been to one yet. I'm just going to have to give in and use a vacation day for the following day for an upcoming dinner. . The only thing they need to do in order to completely have my heart is serve weekend brunch. Once they do that, they will become my steady restaurant boyfriend.
My first venture to this place after a friend wanted to try it out.  The food was good but not great.  I had the BLT and it was tasty.  My friend got the scallops and it had a funny after taste.  I must say I would definitely be back just for the Macallan Ice Ball.  It's a perfect round sphere of ice for the perfect Scotch.
I really love the ambiance of this restaurant. It has a warmth to it that you can feel right away. We started off with the hummus appetizer which was great. They have a wonderful bread and olive oil they bring out. For the main deal I had the lamb burger after reading evryone's review. It was awesome. I will be getting the same thing again. It is served on focacia bread with fries and pickled veggies. Someone got the chicken which was also highly rated, but it really didn't taste that good. It tasted rubbery and bland to me even though there was truffle oil on it. The highly rate chopped salad was good too although not very filling. The prices were okay. I will be going back. This is an excellent place for a nice Birthday dinner.
Doesn't quite have the spirit of camaraderie  of an actual pub house but hey this is Scottsdale and ideas of brotherhood are easily snuffed out by skinny jeans and tawdry gossip.  . I recommend that you go on a quiet night so you can enjoy this place uninterrupted.  The menu has all the standards but with an improved twist.  I have a hard time leaving the Squealer Burger and fries but the whole menu is a welcome joy.
I had dinner here the other night and I was very happy with it. The chopped salad is the same as Cowboy Ciao's, and just as good. Later I learned that it's the same chef from Cowboy Ciao who brought over many or similar items. I ended up choosing the chicken as I had eaten a burger the night before. My girlfriend ordered the lamb burger and I was extremely jealous. My chicken was ok, it didn't blow me away, but the burger was amazing. The third in our group ordered the ribs and they were also fantastic. The meat just fell off the bone, was very tender, and had a lot of flavor. We'll definitely be coming back, and next time I'll get the burger.
CPH is great for groups!. . I admit it, (and I'm sorry, Chef Bernie), but I've only been to Citizen Public House on two occasions to date... That being said, both times I was there for events, and both times CPH did a great job.  My first visit was an event with passed appetizers and drinks shortly after they opened, and the other was for a happy hour / sit-down dinner for a group of 45 people, just last week.  . . Since it's more fresh in my mind, I'll go into more detail about the latter visit... We started on the patio and had drinks and some light apps including hummus and flatbread and their delicious bacon fat heirloom popcorn.  (They had vegetarian popcorn as well).  After about an hour, we moved inside to where there were three large rectangular tables set for our group with our own special menus.  We were able to choose from two mini-salads and four entrees and then we had family-style desserts.  I went with the infamous "original Chopped salad" to start and then chose the Pan Seared Scallops as my entree.  I think I cleaned both plates... and those around me likely had order envy as I definitely ordered right!  In addition, service was spectacular... somehow the Citizen staff managed to serve all 45 of us within minutes of each other!  They also kept our waters and our wine glasses full, which I'm sure added to the experience.. . I recently saw a preview of the new fall menu which includes some interesting items such as Chicken & Waffles, Applewood Smoked Duck Breast, and Grits + Gumbo... I will have to head back over there soon to give these things a try... that is, if I feel adventurous enough to order something other than what I know I love (the original Chopped salad and the scallops).  Whether you stick with your old stand-by favorites or try something new, enjoy!
FIrst experience there was great!  No reservation, but got us right in and the service was fantastic.  Food was as wonderful as expected from our experiences at the chef's former restaraunt and a pretty good variety for many types of diets.  Preview of the upstairs "private club" is interesting.  Will look forward to checking that out when it's ready!
Sat at the bar to eat.  Great bar area, although a bit suspect given it doesn't have one television (it is a pub, right?). As has been said before, the food was great.  I had a friend meet me, and then his girlfriend,and I think we pretty well covered the menu from appetizers to entrees.  Was surprised by the rosemary roasted nuts (simple concept, fantastic result) and the duck was excellent (millet really complimented the meal).  . . Great place for a date or to grab a drink.  I am a male and a heathen one at that, so for five stars I'd like to see a television at the bar.
I really enjoyed this place, and everything I have ordered there so far...  I went for the first time this week and later in the week sent my mom and brother because I liked it so much.  . . The original chopped salad was as delicious as always.  I had a hard time deciding between the scallops, the halibut and the meatloaf.  They were out of the halibut, so scallops and meatloaf it was.  The servers I spoke to were all very knowledgeable about the menu.  I am not sure I could pick one meal over the other next time.  I liked them both so much.  I guess I am always going to have to drag someone with me and do the ordering for the both of us.. . I can't wait to try the bacon brittle.  :-)
we had filet, scallop and fish (3 entrees), all are delicious!. good service also, we'll definitely come back again!
Came in here while in town visiting. The place is super cool looking when you walk inside.They have a few unique cocktails that I would recomend trying. We started w/the pita and hummus which was very tasty. I had the lamb burger which was very good- but my friend had the scallops- which were amazing! I would recommend getting the scallops.
Citizen Public House truly epitomizes modernist cuisine.  For example the pork belly is prepared as a pastrami, the entire preparation from before its even cooked, the spaetzle resembled french friends and even includes brussels sprout sauerkraut.  Some of the cocktails such as the Im-Port, featuring leather and tobacco bitters, sound really strange but when combined with the other components just work.  This a truly first class dining destination and one of the few places I've been to in Arizona I could see working in east coast cities such at Philly, NYC and Boston.
I was very happy with my experience at Citizen Public House.  The service was great.  My friend and I sat outside on the lounge area while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.  The area was small, but pleasant and the staff was very accommodating.  After our party arrived, we went inside for our meal.  The dining room has great atmosphere.  It was casual, but you still felt like you were at a nice restaurant/bar.  The pork belly pastrami was awesome even though my friends complained the appetizer dish was too small.  I mean, how much pork belly can one really eat?  For entree, I got the pan seared scallops which were great.  The portion was a bit small, with just 3 scallops.  I did not mind it as I was not very hungry, but others may have a problem with that.  For drinks, I had sangria, which was tasty.  My friends got the Citi-Zen which they enjoyed.  They guys were not too thrilled about The Persian cocktail because they claim there was not enough alcohol.  Overall, 5 stars because I had a really good time and all the food that I tried were good.  -1 star for being a bit too pricey for what they have to offer and also some others in my party were not completely thrilled with their food/drink choices.
Went there last night, sat at the bar. Great service ! The food was D-LISH as well. I am a fan ! I had the Barramundi and my friends had the smart chicken and the short ribs. WE were all very happy with our dishes.. Can't wait to try them out again and go up for a cocktail at their new bar :)
This place is going to turn me into a alcoholic.  The cocktails here get five, big, huge amazing stars.  They are as great as everyone says they and you will want to order "one of everything" - and that's okay.  I started with the Citi-Zen as the waiter said it was their most popular and I was not disappointed. I followed that up with a traditional Pisco Sour - I say traditional because they include a RAW EGG in their recipe - just like the pisco sours in South America!. . The menu is slightly lacking in the 'vegetarian' department, but to be fair our waiter did offer up an off-the-menu risotto type dish for my honey and I.  Instead, we ordered this grilled cheese type sandwich. Okay, but get this, the cheese itself is grilled. Its this weird/awesome Middle Eastern cheese that doesn't melt easily so they put a thick cheese slice on the grill! YUM!! . . Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable in both the food and cocktail menu and brought us out a complimentary dessert for our anniversary.The decor itself was kind of plain and lacked in the ambiance department - but after two or three Pisco Sours, who cares?!
A hidden gem in Phoenix. I easily give the bar 5-stars, but I've gotta go 4-stars overall. Don't get me wrong, the food and service is wonderful, but overall the restaurant is lacking just a tiny bit in the "awesome vibe" factor (if that makes sense). Great for a date night. My husband and I typically turn to Citizen Public House for drinks at the bar - either before dinner or for a nightcap before heading home. . . The big, dark wood bar is stationed in the main attraction of the restaurant and feels very hip and mysterious all at the same time. Unlike so many bars (especially in Scottsdale), Citizen Public House prides itself on actual bar mixologists. I've seen some of the most elaborate cocktails being poured and served at this bar - it's so fun to watch and learn. The bartenders are wonderful, knowledgeable and nice to boot. You can't go wrong!
This place does it well in every way.  I had my birthday dinner here for a party of 16 on a Saturday night in December.  I had previously tried Citizen during restaurant week but my BF who arranged the evening had never been.  They seated us at a wonderful table near the front of the restaurant in the semi private alcove.  It was perfect, very intimate and I was able to hear everyone and mingle and socialize with my party.  The service was absolutely fantastic - never was anyone in my party left thirsty as our alcohol tab demonstrated at the end of night.  We actually had 2 servers who circulated and made sure that everyone knew what wine was open, etc.  We were there for over an hour before we began ordering appetizers.  When I apologized to the server, saying I hoped we were not taking too long in case there was another seating for the table, he told me not to worry at all, that this was ours for the night.  I like a leisurely paced dinner, especially when I'm the guest of honor.  My BF had bought me a Lisa's Rum cake, and even though they charge a $25 fee to handle and serve the cake, they did a wonderful job.  I declared it the best bday I had ever had :)  . . They are owned by the same group as Cowboy Ciao, which I have been a longtime fan of.  The original chopped salad which has it's own facebook page, yes, yes - they have it, and therefore I have not been able to order anything else to start.  It's just perfect.  I have also ordered the scallops each time I've been.  Corn grits and bacon along with cola gastrique combine with the scallops into the most awesome flavor and texture.  Not at all sweet, but rich and complex.  I also enjoyed their Moe'scow mule and they have a nice wine list.  The BF got the short ribs, and the first time he really really liked them.  I apparently tasted them but I was 2 hours into my bday dinner, and I can hardly remember due to the 2 martinis and countless glasses of wine. When we recently went back a week ago, he again ordered the short ribs, but he seemed less enthusiastic.  I tasted them, and I found the short rib itself to be quite good, tender, flavorful.  I did not care for the dried cherry bbq sauce.  I found it to be acidic and sweet, but not balanced at all.  The smell also turned me off.  I would go so far as to call it pungent.  It didn't compliment the short ribs, and neither did the roasted parsnip puree it was served with.  It was just too sweet.  I applaud their creativity, but in this case it just didn't work for me and I would have preferred something more garlicky and mellow.  . . Dessert and Espresso were fantastic, have tried the donutbread pudding and also the one with the chocolate pot de creme which I thought was more interesting.  Overall a totally solid 4 stars.  We will definitely be back again and again.
Great place!  I could give it five stars but I definitely have to go with a solid four due to a couple of minor things.. . I took my boyfriend here for an early Valentine's Day dinner on Saturday night.  I found it on yelp as I just moved to Phoenix and had no idea where to take him other than the usual Flemings that he loves.. . We started with a couple of the recommended drinks. I had the Manhattan, it was definitely good, not the best I have had though.  My bf had the Citi-Zen and it was FAB!  Probably one of the best drinks I have tasted.. . We started out with the Chicken and Waffles.  Really good, Almond Butter and Honey was so different but super yummy.  The only complaint was that they gave you one square of Waffle to five pieces of chicken.  We would have been satisfied with two pieces of chicken and maybe just cut the price a little.  Which I wasn't unhappy with the price per se but it just seemed a little off portion size.. . I had the scallops which were AMAZING and my bf had the meatloaf.  Which I tasted and it was was really good. I like meatloaf that actually tastes like meat instead of everything else they put into it and that for sure delivered.  We were both really happy with our entrees.. . We also had the Black and Tan dessert, which was yummy. But for the life of me I do not understand why we cannot find a restaurant that does caramel pudding the right way. This was by far the best we have ever had out but it still had a grittiness to it.  . . The only drawback to the restaurant per se is the noise level in there. I felt like at times I was straining to hear my bf talk or I was yelling at him and we both are not old enough to be having those problems lol.    . . I would definitely recommend this place, maybe not for a romantic dinner but it is for sure one of the best restaurants I have been to in the area! . . Thanks fellow yelpers!!
02/15/16. . Forgive me, oh Lord, for I have sinned... I don't know what I was thinking eating a sandwich, side salad, AND drinking an entire blackberry mojito (it was sooooo good!) at a nearby restaurant when I could have just had a couple of bites there and then gone for a second cocktail here...  Of course, instead of ordering a cocktail (the flaming cocktail expert Richie Moe wasn't in the house, yo!), I decided to go for an espresso and try that delicious-sounding black & tan pudding http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=eKxPXAmYF0fu0b38M4lpsA  our server said was his favorite dessert on the menu.  By the time the sweets arrived, I'd already inhaled the espresso, so I had to get a cup of drip coffee, black.  Oh lordy, lordy, lordy- what a beautiful combo the decadent chocolate pudding and luscious and oh-so-sinfully-creamy caramel (my fave of the two flavors), topped with fresh whipped cream and a peanut brittle crumble made w/ both coffees!  Yeah, me wanna love you long time!. . A shout out to our super-fun server, Newman.  What a terrific guy!  ;)
Not your typical Irish bar. Kind of just a bar w/ some whisky barrels on one wall. Very chic looking though. We stopped in for a nightcap so we didnt see it in full swing.. . The drinks were delicious and oh my god, bacon popcorn, Really?! Yes. The answer is yes. And it was awesome.. . Im anxious to try something from their actual menu.
I love everything I've ever tried here---- scallop dish, mac n cheese, pastrami pork belly, lamb sandwich, grilled cheese and of course, the infamous chopped salad. Yum, I'm drooling just thinking about it all! They also make a delicious Moscow Mule cocktail. . . I've always made reservations so have never had to wait. Staff has always been attentive, courteous and prompt. . . I just wish they had a more appealing and reasonably priced dessert menu.
We stopped in shortly after 10 pm on a Sunday after FnB rejected us (they do their last seating at 10 pm).  However, it ended up to be no big deal as Citizen was really quite good.  We were looking for a small-ish meal before ending the night.  . . Crab Cakes:  I suppose that crab cakes have been done enough to the point where you can really only screw them up.  Citizen did not screw them up.. . Kale Caesar:  I ordered it because I knew it would be relatively healthy (ok, completely healthy?) and it definitely tasted healthy.  I was hoping for some sort of chef's magic that would turn kale into foie gras but this wasn't the case.  Nothing like I hoped for but in truth, everything that I expected.  The fact that they'd even put something like this on their menu makes me consider giving them five stars.. . Chicken and Waffles:  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the honey was an ideal match.  I do wish the waffle was crispier though.... . Service was very fast, very friendly and they deserve a lot of credit for being willing to stay open this late in an area that doesn't seem to stay open that late on Sundays.
I haven't tried enough things on the menu nor was I thrilled enough to give this five stars, but it was good. I would like to go back to try their famous salad! The Mac and Cheese was pretty good, the hummus plate was good, my friend's salad (can't remember the name, but it was the one with popcorn in it) was alright. I am also planning on trying the scallops and the BLT sandwich next time. . . The fact that they had a Moscow Mule on their cocktail menu was an added bonus. I didn't try it yet because I wanted to take advantage of happy hour and ordered wine instead, but I will be!
On Saturday I crushed the competition during the "Great Urban Race". I was in a race to Sunday because I knew my Wife and I were going to CPH on Sunday for dinner! .  So we get there Sunday with Reservation. I order a Midwest Manhattan, it sucked and the B-tender noticed I did not like it. He asked me for a baseline of what I liked and made a drink for me based on that. Guess Im a fruit because he gave me something pearish with red bull! It was good. My wife got sangria which was killer.. We were with other guests and wanted to try the menu, so here goes:. . Appetizers:. . Kiltlifter Fondue: 2.5/5 - Not a thick fondue....and thats ok because the flavour is sharp, which I like. What I did not like was I could not taste the subtle flavors of the hops and barley.. . Bernies Mac n' Cheese: 2.5/5 - Pretty boring. Cavatelli, came to the party underdressed and overpaid. Same mix of ingredients in the fondue. Laughing at myself.. . Pork Belly Pastrami : 4/5  - This could easily be a five. It just needed a stronger pepper crust to contrast the flavourful fattyness. This dish is excellent. I actually can't wait to go back and eat it again. The flavor of pastrami, yet not as smoky as you would find in a NYC deli, as fatty and tender as can be, Oh and the tatses linger....into bedtime!! Not so good...Pastami burps. The rye spaetzle was great and I loved the sprout krout!!! Whole mustard seeds a nice touch!! . . Chicken and Waffles : 3.75/5 - Really surprised! Loved the waffle. It was a touch small. Crunchy outside, soft middle full of flavour. The blue clover honey is not as fancy as some might think, quite common actually, none the less it is good. CPH may want to sub for a single pass amber. The almond butter was a nice touch. What I liked was the light crust on the chicken, and the chicken was moist, literally juicy.. . Meatloaf 2/5 - Terrible. Dry with an over salty demi. Ho hum pot's and weak zuzchini. My wifes is better but I wont tell her! Sorry. The two star rating is becuse the portion size is enormous....which, had the meatloaf been good would have busted my gut. But there are some round eaters out there that would like to know that this brick o meat is for you. . . Lamb Burger 4/5 - Really good. Cooked perfectly, charred a bit on outside with a nice juicy oink center. The Carrier for the beast was crispy, Warm, chewy and soft. Delicious!! Loved the fact that it was like a gyro sans gyro meat. Replaced with a hunk of charred lamb. Good Shit. The fries were great but the ketchup....thats a bingo bitch, what fun!. . Duck Smoked 3.5/5 - Cooked perfectly!! Thats always a bonus. Thank you chef! Everthying seemed right here, just did not do it FOR ME! I have had much better but this was good. Definately got the flavour profile balanced. Loved the Kale! Eh...maybe I should bump this to a 4 star dish.  Pretty good.. . Scallop and Grits 5/5 - Excellent ! I thought I was the only one who could truly execute a perfect tasting scallop. It is my pickest dish and one of the easiest to ruin. They were seared perfectly, cooked just right and all the oceanic, nutty, buttery smooth richness you want from a scallop was present upon first bite. The grits.....hands down the best part of my dinner. Thet were rich, roasty, corny and had absorbed the brine from the scallops almost turning this dish into a grit ala risotto. Weird, delis=cious with a a tongue ascerbic lashing from colas gastrique. Nicely done. I will be back for this soon!!. . Overall a great place. Big on flavor, good vibe and it's nice to see the workers hanging out and helping out as if you were invited to a buddys house. They want you to be happy!! Good Shit!
Went to Citizen Public House for the first time this week. Very nice location in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. Great atmosphere with doors opened and nice breeze.. . I had the meatloaf and my wife had the lamb burger. Portion size of my meatloaf was nice and the mashed potatoes were good. Thought the meatloaf was a little burnt, but not too bad. Lots of mushroom flavor with the gravy.. . Wife enjoyed the lamb burger. It was huge and probably 1/2 could go home with you for leftovers.. . Happy Hour drinks were nice too. Service was very good.
The chopped salad was delicious and really enjoyed the steak as well.  Different take on a steakhouse and lots of interesting dishes.
Love this place and will be back!  There are three things I look for in a restaurant; great menu/food, great service, and ambiance.  If you are looking for these too then you have to try CPH!
Yum, Yum, Yummy!  And great service too!
I really want to give it five stars, but to be honest this place just didn't "knock my socks off".  Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty great, the service was good and the drink menu was awesome and unique.. . I had the Lamburger which is basically a Gyro on a bun but kind of deconstructed.  It was very juicy and flavorful but I probably should have ordered it mid-well instead of medium as I freak myself out over undercooked ground meat.  My fault though, not the restaurants.. . Definitely worth a try.  Give it a go!
Visited CPH for the first time during their daily "social" (aka Happy Hour).  They offer an excellent selection of half price draft beers, wine, cocktails and bar food.  The space and ambiance are excellent.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  I went with just 4 stars for my first review because I only tried one beer and one snack.. The Cutthroat Porter was excellent and the Kiltlifter Fondue was very good but I felt the dipping items didn't complement the cheese all that well.  Definitely looking forward to tasting more in the future.
Good food. Very knowledgeable staff. Great drinks. Cool ambiance. Atmosphere was a little muted, especially for a Saturday night. Not that many people there and the tables are spread far apart. Overall though, a great restaurant for Scottsdale.
Incredible food and drinks, very loud and table service mediocre at best.  Not bad enough to not to warrant a second visit.  I'll give it another try...
The husband took me out for a night on the town, and I chose Citizen for dinner.  . I have been wanting to try citizen for some time now, thanks to my yelp buddies, and was very excited that the time had come!. . We made reservations for an early dinner before our show.  We arrived earlier than expected, no problem, they got us in right away.. . Our server was quick, friendly, and knowledgeable.  He guided up through their specialty drinks and gave great menu suggestions.. . We sampled a few of their specialty cocktails on happy hour, great drinks at a good price, and had the 'tender belly' bacon fat heirloom popcorn. I like that they list bar snacks and starters separately because this certainly isn't an appetizer, but its is a great bar snack.  . . I'd love to tell you what my husband had for dinner, whatever it was he liked it, but  you see my memory of the night is clouded by the memory of the decadent dream that is the Pan Seared Scallops.. . Wouldn't you know, I had never had scallops before, well I have, but they have been raw, or just an ingredient in a pasta, I had been meaning to try them as the main course for awhile and boy am I glad I did.. Scallops my friend, have been an underrated chorus girl in my life, but this dish gave them the chance to shine, and shine they did.  When given full billing they make you ashamed you had ever shoved them in the background in the first place.. I will never again take scallops for granted.. . I am actually in quite a pickle, because all of citizen's menu looks amazing, but I don't know that I can ever enter this establishment and order anything but those wonderful scallops again.
I fell in love with the food, came back twice, and loved it some more.  The atmosphere is  boring and oversized but the food makes the back drop not matter.  . . The first time I had the duck breast, and it was one of the best duck breasts in the Valley.  Plump, tender, crispy... it hadit all.  The stuffing and cranberry were extra yum.. I can't remember what I had the second time.  Never a great sign.  And the second time the service was terrible.  Really bad.   But I still want to go back... soon.
I loved their pork belly pastrami and their lamb burger! Def on our list of places to return to on our next trip out to Arizona! Yums! And not pricey either!  You won't be disappointed!
Fantastic experience from the moment we walked in the door. The atmosphere is modern and casual, staff are very accommodating, and the food is inspired. After dinner we ventured out back in the alley and upstairs to explore Citizen R&D - a hidden away cocktail bar you have to ask about inside CPH - quite an experience!
I think I'm in agreement with some of my fellow yelpers on this joint. I really like the ambiance of this place, but I was not too impressed with the food to be honest. We made reservations through Opentable which is a pretty cool and easy website where you can make reservations online and get confirmation. Anyhoo, we get there about 10 mins early and wait for our table, but things are running late. Luckily someone a table opened up fairly quick so it wasn't such a bad start afterall. . . We ordered some drinks and I really am partial to the moscow mule. I like how they add cucumbers which gives it a refreshing taste. Also, they call it the Arizona mule here. (interesting). As for food, we got the pork belly pastrami (de-constructed sandwich without the bread), mozzarella (starts with V i forgot the name), scallops, and banana bread pudding. I think the best was the scallop dish which came with kale and was seasoned just right. . . I would like to try other things to, so maybe it will change my mind about food.
We followed the recommendations of the waitress and got the chef specialties, pork belly pastrami, chopped salad, the duck and the scallops. The results, a wonderful meal. One of the bests I've had in the Phoenix area.
Stark white, steel bar, dark wood beams....modern and chic. The chopped salad is wonderful...i've never seen anything like it.  It was rows of different ingredients and tossed together in front of me.  Apparently, it has been imitated by a lot of other places, which I saw later in my trip.  This version was the best though...smoked salmon, sunflower seeds, large couscous, sweet corn, arugula, tomato, and the creamy basil dressing is better than everyone else's...i'm guessing the ingredients may vary depending on what is fresh and available.  The bar staff was friendly and made me feel comfortable dining by myself.  The drinks are phenomenal...I got the Citi-zen, which came with rock candy that I can stir until my desired sweetness is infused in my pear ginger martini.  I had a great weekend visiting wonderful places while in Arizona, and this is one of them!
Citizen Public House has excellent food and drinks.  We had the Pork Belly Pastrami, Mac & Cheese, "Smart Chicken" and Coffee and Donuts - all were delicious.  I would give the food 5-stars.. . The dining experience overall 4-stars.  We felt that the service was somewhat slow.  We had to wait quite a bit for our server to take our order.  I even noticed people who sat down after we did had bread & olive oil.  I had to ask out server for bread (even though it was complementary she didn't bring it).  If the staff was more attentive, I would have given 5-stars overall.
Love the atmosphere and decor.  I think this place would be pretty good for big groups.  The bar is nice and I love the drink menu.  I'd like to try each one, they sound so interesting.  I had the Persian this time around.  . . The chicken and waffles had good flavor.  Loved the seasoning on the chicken and it was cooked just about right.  There was one piece that had a bit of wet batter but for the most part it was well worth the 10.  4 large pieces of chicken on top of a smallish square of waffle.  It was actually way better than Lo-Los and probably about the same price!. . I tried some of the filet mignon, duck and scallop entrees.  Loved the combinations, especially the filet and the scallop - wasn't sure about the risotto that came with the duck.  The glazes for the filet and scallop was very good as well.. . All in all, the prices are kind've high but reasonable for the product and experience they bring.  I would love to come back to try the rest of the menu!
I have been here a couple times now and it's definitely a place to check out.. . As so many yelpers have already mentioned, the chopped salad is delicious. Definitely something to try at Citizen. Also, the pastrami!!! Oh man, that was so melt in your mouth yummy! Smaller portion, probably not a meal for most but it was so good I would order it again. The lamb burger is a huge meal that comes with perfectly crispy scrumptious fries. The patty isn't cut down with beef or pork so the flavor is very game-y which can be a good thing if you are into that. I wasn't quite so used to it. :) I also tried a bit of my friend's Smart Chicken which was amazingly tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned! Also, really organic and fresh which I love. I tried the Citi-zen mixed drink which was very lemony and a bit on the sour side. I wasn't in love with the flavor. I did however love the rock candy that came with it. lol.. . The service was awesomeeeeee!!! We came in near closing but they still happily sat us instead of shooing us away. Our waiter was very attentive, answered all our questions about the menu and made some great suggestions. He also took us on a tour of the speak easy style bar upstairs which was super interesting! Apparently you go around the side of the building and there's a posting of "the rules". You call the number and if they have room you will be let up to this chic modern bar. All the mixologists make special drinks from their own liquors. Really cool!
Great food, and legit old school cocktails.  Service was a bit spotty (busy night during restaurant week) so after another visit I will hopefully be upping that rating.
The only reason I'm giving four stars is because last time I was there, the bacon bread pudding was NOT on the dessert menu.  Srsly guys wtf?. . Otherwise everything is delish and the service is great.  Kale Caesar, homemade sausage, pork belly pastrami, BACON POPCORN (can't stress that enough)!!!!  And order a Moscow Mule if you haven't had one.  Yum.. . Go there now.
Outstanding food, creative cocktails and bar snacks, great beer selection.  Decor is nice and the service is friendly.  . . What's not to like?
Citizen Public House of course! Long known among locals for it's great blend of ambiance, great drinks and adventurous appetizers it's no wonder this was on our list of places to recommend.. . Happy Hour has some unusual items on the menu, this is when I should warn you that your typical menu. Many of the appetizers come served in bell jars and are meant to be shared and explored. Looking for more standard fare, don't worry, all the regular appetizers are  1/2 off during Happy Hour as well and you can still find some signature items here to try also.. . May we suggest the Tender Belly Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn? Once again remember that all regular appetizers are half off during Happy Hour. Dig yourself some comfort food? How about Chicken and Waffles? Buttermilk-marinated fried chicken on oat waffles covered in almond butter and blue clover honey. Another must try item on the menu is the Kiltlifter Fondue. It is served with bread, sausage and apple slices for dipping with those cute little forks. Yeah what's not to love about a great fondue?. . Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=652
I made reservations on Open Table for a Thursday night at 7 although it wasn't so crowded that we wouldn't have been seated without one.. . Started off with a delicious cab (later followed by a decent zin), and this is perhaps why everything was so good. ;). . We had the chicken and waffles appetizer (gluten free!!) which was great. The chicken was very crispy without being dry or burnt. The server said they use rice flour in the batterwhich I didn't notice only that it was tasty. The waffles were made with oats and it was very good, as well.. . Dinner was varied with spare ribs, scallops, filet, and roasted chicken. Everyone's dishes looked amazing. I thought the spare ribs were fantastic with the meat falling off the bone the second you touch a fork to it. I was not, however, sold on the parsnip puree. The flavor and consistency were odd.. I think the seasonal veggie was kale which was not a good combo for the short ribs. . . For desserts we had the donuts and coffee, the black and tan pudding, and the browned butter brownie. Let's just say that with the exception of the black and tan pudding (there wasn't enough of the black and too much tan!) that the plates were cleaned.. . All in all, a great meal and I would go again.
I was taken here by my wonderful girlfriend for my birthday celebration and cocktails not too long ago. Our server was fantastic, the food delightful and our server was terrific.. . The selection is all done very well as are the cocktails and wine selection. The fact that they have a late night bistro menu is always a big plus to me as I enjoy a little finer dining and eating on my weekend evenings as opposed to swilling back metric tons of bud light to get my kicks.. . GO, and enjoy one of Scottsdale's higher tier restaurants for the casual diner.
I came here once for lunch and was very pleased.  With all the great reviews on the chopped salad I new I had to try it.  It was the BEST chopped salad I've ever had!  It had the feel of an upscale pub, with upscale prices.  I would definitely come back for the salad.
Everything's sexier with pork belly.  Expecially my belly when it's full of it.  Went here for a happy hour and was cursing myself for taking so damn long to visit the place.  The vibe is perfectly sexy and dimly lit - the kind of place where you can sip lethally addictive cocktails and order dishes that make you feel dirty for eating them, they're so good.  And then you order seconds and then dessert because you've been so bad already, you might as well go for broke.  The pork belly pastrami with brussel sprouts in whole grain mustard made me curse my ill fortune for not being able to eat it at every waking moment.  Unctuous, tender belly - get in my belly.   The heirloom tomato with burrata special was clean in presentation and a celebration of all that is glorious in the summertime, and the sausage and cheese plate was gobbled up so quickly I had to do a doubletake.  Dessert was heaven in an itty-bitty crock with the Black and Tan Pudding - a dark chocolate pot de creme with salted caramel pudding?  So I'm naming my firstborn Citizen Public House now?. . Adore.
I have had nothing but great experiences at Citizen Public House. While I'll start off by saying that I know some of the items can be a bit overpriced, or possibly a lot overpriced, I'm taking into account the expensive Scottsdale location, and expensive real estate and booze licenses, so I will largely overlook it. Everything I've put into my mouth from here has been phenomenal, but I'll only really point you to one item, the meatloaf, it is unbelievable. I will judge every other meatloaf I ever meet against the CPH meatloaf. They also have inventive drinks, they even got me to enjoy gin, and I hate gin. The interior is nice, hip/modern, with an open feel and a nice bar as the centerpiece. I can't say that I'll be a regular here anytime soon, it's a bit of a drive from my house and there are other places that are basically as good but cheaper, but you can count on seeing me here from time to time, smile on my face and meatloaf in my mouth.
Amazing food. Just worth it. A little expensive then expected, but it was worth every penny.
I went to this highly recommeded restaurant for my birthday dinner. I was looking for great food, service and a cool vibe. Well, I found it! From the moment we were greeted by the pleasant hostess our experience was nothing but professional and welcomming. The place was moderately busy on a Thursday night, service staff bustling around, but not "panic mode." Our server (Gary?)was very knowledgable of all the menu items and the wine list. We were told by him as well as friends that we had to get the pork belly pastami app, it was the best thing we had! The crab cakes were good, not the best I ever had, but I would get them again. The short rib entree was outstanding. Perfect balance of savory, salty, sweet, sour etc. Gary even split the dish for us even though we didn't ask for that, he over heard us saying we were going to share, very nice touch. We passed on dessert, since i had a special one waiting at home for me. Gary still brought me a tiny box of truffles to enjoy later and knowledged my birthday, with out a big fanfare (which is what i prefer) We didn't have any cocktails, since I was having a champagne kinda night, but I know Richie Moe makes some of the best cocktails in town.. We will be definately be back soon and I have already told many people of our experience. Thanks to gary and the rest of the staff for a memorable b-day dinner :)
Had eaten a ton while visiting but still wanted to try this place.  I'm not a huge pork belly fan so I couldn't quite enjoy the fattiness but I can see this being very delectable to those who do.  The sauerkraut is a nice touch.. . Apparently the original chopped salad has its own Facebook page, which is fun and kind of annoying because I hate having to go to Facebook for everything nowadays.  Fortunately the waiter explained what was in it, which included things like smoked salmon, sunflower seeds and raisins.  I'm normally not a fan of smoked salmon or raisins (no, I don't hate everything, I swear) but it worked out well in this salad.. . Shared the filet mignon with my wife as an entree.  Absolutely delicious.. . We got the Moe'scow Mule and a Sazerac as drinks.  Both were made well.
It was Restaurant Week, so we save a few bucks.  The meatloaf was great, my wife had the scallops, and seemed to love them.  Drinks a bit pricey, but when your meal is about half what it should have been...... . Chopped Salad..yeah, its as good as everyone says...but get this, you can remove the salmon, and add a different meat.  If you ask.. . Ask your server about R&D.
We had diner in a private room which is pretty cool, and well, private (duh). It has it's own bar and it's a great spot for parties or I guess for a romantic date (there're no cameras, I believe, lol).. . The food was good, like in between of good and really good (not outstanding, though). . . The service was great and friendly, but I guess this is irrelevant when it comes to a private room, I mean, if you get bad service there, the place just sucks!. . We tried several dishes and i can't remember anyone that I didn't like.. . The salad with steak was tasteful, the fondue was really good as well as the mac&cheese, maybe one of the best mac&cheese that I've eaten recently. . . The pork belly was good too.. . Short rib, steal head and filet were solid but not memorable. The filet was a little hard, if you ask my opinion but it was cooked right, which is hard to find in AZ.. . The apple pie was also pretty good and a normal serving, not the typical "feed 10" disgusting kind of desert. . . Great place for parties, dates or just friends dinner. . . It worth the try.
The Dream Jar for dessert! Amazing. Rich. Not too much so I left feeling full, not sick-full.. . All the food was great but we only got to sample the starters: Chopped Salad was my favorite, Chicken and Waffles a close second.. . Service was ideal: friendly, attentive (and "invisible" for the most part).. . My husband and I look forward to another Date Night here. Next time, we'll just order Entrees.
the salad was amazinggggg.... it's like a party in my mouth :)
The duck was fantastic. The chicken & waffles, and the pork-belly pastrami were also both excellent. The beer selection was a bit thin, but made do. Pretty good overall, though it was difficult to hear in the establishment as the acoustics are pretty terrible.
I really want to like this place, the service was fantastic, I liked the decor, but the food was just 'Meh'...in my opinion, where my hubby thought it was outstanding, so I will go with 4 stars and tell you my tale.  . . We were at fashion square doing some Christmas shopping and needed dinner, and we desired a 'gourmet' burger, when we did a yelp search this place came up. With the 4.5 Star rating we decided to try it, before reading the reviews. We called and were able to get a 9 pm reservation, which allowed me to do some more shopping. Perfect! . . We arrived and were immediately seated. However, we kept getting the wind from the entrance. We asked our server if we could move, and he was more than accommodating, and we had a new table in just a couple of minutes, even though the place was very busy. The new server was just as great. You can tell, they focus on providing an awesome dining experience through service. I LOVED THIS!. . This is what I didn't like - the place was so loud, that we couldn't have a conversation. In fact, I got a headache before our food even came out. There are two factors at play - the bar is in the middle of the restaurant, and when people drink they get loud. Also, they have high, open ceilings, without anything to 'absorb' the sound, so the loud laughing and all conversations, bounced off the walls. This esculates as the place fills up and when it is full, like it was last night, everyone is talking and laughing louder than normal, to the point where I heard people almost screaming. All this is bouncing off the walls, giving me one large headache. So there we sat, in silence, texting each other and facebooking because it really was too difficult to have a conversation.  . . After looking at the menu, and asking the server if they have hamburger, we found out they only had lamb burgers. While the reviews are good, they really aren't our thing. So much for Gourmet Burgers. We felt the menu was limiting, and our eyes were more focused on the desserts than anything else. The appetizers also looked better than the entrees, it seemed that there wasn't that much I liked, or if I did I felt it was overpriced. However, we were hungry and you yelpers love this place, so we decided to try a couple of entrees. We ordered the Chicken and Waffles appetizer (for the kid), while we split the scallops and the buttermilk chicken entrees. . . We also ordered bread, which brought my attention to the fact that there were no salt and pepper shakers on the tables. I happen to like a little salt and pepper in my olive oil for the bread; which tells us, as foodies, the chef thinks that everything is prepared to the perfect seasoning and you don't need salt and pepper shakers. I will tend to disagree. I probably should have asked for them, I am sure they would have brought some, but I didn't.  . . Our food came. I got 3 scallops for $24. They were fantastic; however, 3 scallops and some greens, no matter how good, is not worth $24, maybe $14. Thank goodness we split the entrees! I thought the buttermilk chicken was good, but not outstanding and liked the corn, it had a bit of a kick. However, I will say I do not like brussel sprouts, and I liked these (A+ for those). I sampled the kid's chicken fingers and I LOVED it! You can tell it was prepared in-house. The kid didn't care for the chicken fingers all that much but he loved the waffle, it was gone in about 30 seconds. And I felt the $10 price was spot on. The hubby actually didn't care for chicken fingers, but really liked the buttermilk chicken and he also loved the scallops.  . . Because all the desserts looked amazing we had to try them. Again, I was a bit disappointed; they all had great flavor; but nothing I would crave again. The pudding jar was such a unique dessert, but I felt like I was eating peanut butter out of the jar, and I was hoping for something a bit lighter...a pudding consistency. The apple pie was good, but it was all crust, it needed more filling. The gingerbread pudding - very good! (I was not disappointed, even the ice cream was awesome).. . So, has you can see, I am torn in the review because there were some things that were truly outstanding, where others fell short. I liked the concept, I like what they are trying to do with the menu, I like the decor and I LOVED, LOVED, LOVED the service. I wish there were a few more entree selections. I would not rush to go back here, but I do want to go back. Also, I wouldn't recommend bringing your children, especially if they are picky like mine is!
I really love this part of Scottsdale.  You have a vast choice of amazing restaurants.  We decided to try Citizen Public House.  The atmosphere is an energetic one.  I can't really remember the last time I went to a restaurant at 5:30 in evening and seen such a lively place.. . Now for the food.  We started with the bacon popcorn.  I was only ok, but it was also only about $2 or so.  We decided to have the pork belly pastrami and the butternut squash soup.  The soup was ok, but I wouldn't order it again.  The pork belly was amazing.  I can't wait to go back and have it again. We shared the short rib.  It was a pretty healthy portion.  My husband and I were able to share one.  The bbq sauce was a tad bit on the bitter side.  I think I will try the scallops next time.. . The cocktails were amazing.  I'm really into cucumber right now, so the Persian was to die for.. . Service was great!  Our food came out quickly.
Umm bacon popcorn and for the small fee of $2 how could I go wrong?  It was excellent bacon and added salt to the popcorn.  The popcorn really lacked any flavor so a handful is best enjoyed with some bacon to add the required saltiness.  . . I also heard great things about the pork belly pastrami so had to order it.  I really enjoyed this dish, in fact this is the best dish I had and will order it again.  If I could do it over I would just order this dish and my drinks and I would of gave it five stars.   However please read on..... . OK also ordered the Butternut Squash soup and it was ok.  Not really great, just an ok dish that I would never order again.  It just did not have any spectacular flavors or any wow factor like the pork belly pastrami.. . I also ordered the main entree short rib.  It came with a cherry sauce that I would never eat again.  If you smelled the cherry  sauce directly it would clear your sinuses.  It was so strong that if you inhaled it directly it would make you cough.  Not really an appetizing sauce.  It had a bitterness to  it that really was not good at all.  After coughing twice from breathing in the sauce with my short rib I stopped using it all together.  The short rib on its own was ok.  Not worth the coin and only an ok dish.  I would not order it again.. . The atmosphere of Citizen Public House is great.  Very lively and great service.  I plan on visiting again for happy hour to enjoy appetizers, pork belly pastrami and drinks.  I suggest you do the same.
A group of us went here for a friends 30th birthday.  What a great choice ! . . The waiter that we had was very knowledgeable, fun and super friendly ! Gary I believe it was. :)  None of us had been there before so we were more than impressed with the atmosphere.  Very quaint and classy.  We all ordered a variety of appetizers and we not disappointing!  Fondue, hummus and olive plate.  All were very delicious and plenty for 7 to share.  As far as dinner goes I can only speak for my boyfriend and myself as we took a bite of one anothers entree (Scallops and Meatloaf).  The scallops and grits were PHENOM!!  I am from the south so I was a bit weary about trying grits in Scottsdale, but they did not let me down :)  Meatloaf I didn't have much to compare to but it was pretty good and my boyfriend loved it. . . If you're looking for a fun evening out with good food and drinks this is a place you don't want to pass up.  It's not somewhere I would find myself on a weekly basis, but I will be back!
Unique food - I had the Chop Salad, Short Ribs & took home some of the Bacon Peanut Brittle to try later. Each of the dishes were unique but very tasty.
Excellent service and warm decor at CPH. The food is solid but I was a bit let down. The famous chop salad was overly sweet and the menu is so overly red meat/bacon oriented. While that is tasty to be sure it's not that creative. The scallops were delish and the wine and cocktails were perfect. A bit more diversity to the menu would make it 5 stars for me.
Stopped here for a New Years Eve meal with my wife before heading to the block party next door.  Set up a reservation on Opentable.  They had a set 3 course menu for $55 due to the holiday which was not clear when making the reservation, however we went with it figuring that it could be more expensive elsewhere. I had the Lentil and Sausage soup - which is good and tasty and my wife had the greens, both were pretty tasty.  Next up was a Filet for me and Butter Chicken for my wife.   I would say I got the better end of the deal but the food was all good.  To finish was a chocolate tart and sorbet "duet".  This was ok and probably the weakest part of the meal.. Beer selection was good (we are not wine drinkers) they even had Framboise which is unusual.. All in all a good start to our NYE celebrations!
Good food and great atmosphere! Ok so we went to Citizen for my husbands birthday and there were 6 of us. We were seated quickly as we did have reservation and our server was pretty awesome. Some of our friends actually knew the guy which was cool and we received an industry discount which was really nice and not expected at all. I didn't drink that night since I was the driver, but I heard the drinks were great just a bit on the small side.. .  As for the food I tasted a bit of everything. For apps we had the pork belly pastrami (a bit too fatty), chopped salad (awesome), fernet steak salad (not a fan too sweet for my taste). For entree's I had the scallops which were good not the greatest and I shared the duck with my friend which I liked better than the scallops which were quite rich. My husband had the crispy stealhead which I really liked, but he was not that keen on it. Our other friends had the chicken and waffles, mac n cheese, and lamb burger and they said they were all fantastic minus the fries which I tried and were a very strange texture almost like they were rolled in cornmeal not 1 of us liked those at all. . . All in all it was a nice place with great service and good food, but a little over priced for the taste and quality of the food.  For this many stars on yelp I was expecting City Hall experience and my tastebuds to be dancing with excitement. I would recommend for gathering with friends and would go back!
Best salad I have ever had.....may sound strange but the most delicious, unusual creation.  It is a lively atmosphere, so having conversation is a bit of a shouting match.  Not a bad thing...just a thing.
I was very impressed with this place and just about everything I got was very delicious. They have an interesting selection of cocktails and they are definitely worth trying. . . The highlight of my meal was the chopped salad. My friends thought I was crazy for ordering a salad but I sure proved them wrong. One of the best salads I have had. It made me look at salads a whole different way.. . Stay away from the chicken and waffles. I'm not sure if I just got a bad batch but it was way too salty.
Went for dinner with a friend, def a fan.
Great service, and while all of the food was very good, it wasn't life-changing like our waiter claimed ;-). We went as a group of about 10 and had a back room to ourselves. They make a great Manhattan with leather and tobacco infused bitters--ask them about their bitters program.
Great selection of healthy food choices and the service was pretty good! I wish our server had more knowledge about the wines on the menu.  Cute location and atmosphere, too!
The steak salad - mouth & mind-blowing... seriously, go get it now.. Chopped salad? Always a favorite, but also available at Cowboy Ciao.. The fried chicken (incredible) and waffle (inedible) left us wanting more fried meat,. but the truly stellar service made us forget about food we didn't care to eat.. . A warning: the dessert is NOT worth 10 dollars, . Not nearly as interesting as the description implies,. They were standard, too small, and left much to be desired... . the apple pie, cheesecake, and bread pudding just tasted like lies.. . The ambiance, romantic, and service, quite grand.. The main courses were great (though the waffle was bland).. You're likely to leave CPH full of quality cuisine and glee,. and if it's yo birthday, they'll give you fudge balls, fo' free.
Great atmosphere and the chopped salad was delicious!!  I will definitely return!
very affordable and delicious filet mignon for only $32. will come back again!
We came here late Friday after getting turned away at our beloved FnB. What a great runner up! We got seated right away and started devouring their fantastic warm bread. I got the Persian cocktail because I love all cucumber drinks. I remarked I hadn't had a cocktail that good since being in New York.. . For my entree, I asked for a veggie plate mostly because I was too embarrassed to ask for what I really wanted-- a big plate of brussels sprouts. The waiter offered the risotto that comes with another dish as a veg entree so I went with that. The risotto itself was kind of bland, but the earthy mushrooms on top made up for that. My husband loved the scallops and said the grits they came with were the best he's ever had.. . We went for the peanut butter dessert which was a decadent combo of chocolate ganache and pb mousse. There was way too much ganache for my taste. It was hard to dig into the dessert, but it still tasted good, especially with the tasty crumble on top.. . Two things I loved about CPH: our enthusiastic server and the space. The server was great at the get go, but I wish I would have seen more of him throughout the meal. I am surprised to see people bashing the starkness of the interior. I think it looks sleek and modern but still warm and inviting.. . We'll be back whenever we can't get into FnB.
Out of my long list of bookmarked restaurants, I chose Citizen Public House to cross off the list for date night Friday night.  My BF luckily made a reservation during dinner rush hour, so we were seated instantly. Otherwise we would have waited for awhile with everyone else at the bar. Not that waiting is terrible here; AMAZING cocktails to try!! I ordered the scallops based on other yelpers advise. They had a great sear on them with lots of flavor. I was still hungry though after eating the 3 scallops so I influenced my bf to order me dessert. I was being indecisive on my dessert selection and ended up ordering both the flour less chocolate cake and blueberry pie. Both were great, but the blueberry pie was my favorite!
My friend we meet for dinner found this on Yelp - great choice.  Food was excellent.  Service was good.  Only complaint was the waiter thought I was pointing to one thing on the menu while I was saying another.  He made good on his mistake and we all enjoyed our dinner. Steak salad was fantastic so was the grilled  cheese and truffle sandwich.  Hubby had the duck - loved it.  Dad had the chicken waffle - he loved that too.
First time in PHX.  Friend recommended.  Friendly waitstaff.  They were understaffed and extremely busy, but we never knew.  The short ribs were tender, the duck breast was epic.  Waiter recommended splitting the Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cake among the party of 3- Bite of Cake with the PB dessert was insane.
Reviews of chop salad were right. Very tasty and a light meal all it's own. Short ribs were excellent as well. Blueberry pie was very tasty too. I am a fan.
Per the waiter's recommendation, we ordered the chopped salad, short ribs and scallops.. . The chopped salad is definitely something that you must try once.  It's different compared to other chopped salads.  Now that I've tried it once, not sure I'll order it again.  It's unique and good.. . The short ribs were very tender and good.  Nice tangy BBQ sauce and the parsnip puree was light and delicious.  My husband loved the scallops and said they were cooked perfectly.  In addition, they came over grits.  He typically doesn't like grits but loved the grits.  We also tried the peanut butter paradise for dessert, also very good.
Really enjoyed the food.  Loved the chicken and waffles.
Really great, strong drinks. very unique too. The bartenders are all expert and friendly.
We chose to dine here solely based on the online reviews and it did not disappoint! I prefer restaurants with an energetic vibe and while this was the case, I could still have a conversation w/my date. Bar area had a good crowd and dining area was a large open space. I felt like the walls in this place needed a more color or something... Decor seemed to be pretty plain and didn't really go w/the vibe of the place.. Cocktail of choice for the evening was The Persian and it was light and refreshing. I chose the whitefish special while my husband went with the short rib. While I preferred his short rib dish, both were delicious. Was not a fan of the Bacon Peanut Brittle. Overall I'd be back when in town.
My husband and I get in a rut and tend to stay with the 4-5restaurants we like so I decided to finally try CPH after hearing so much about it.. First, I love the vibe there. The open, bistro feel with a lively bar crowd-the noise level is high but not annoyingly so.. We had cocktails, which they are famous for-not too sweet and complex. We decided to try 4 appetizers-the stand outs were definitely the pastrami pork belly and the chopped salad.. Service is efficient and casual, just the way I like it.. I can't wait to come back and try the lamb burger and some of the entrees.
4.5 stars. We wandered in post appetizers at FnB so that was going to be a hard act  to follow. Well, it was surprising, inventive and yummy and really really tasty. I am holding out on the 5th star because I have been flinging them about lately and want to reevaluate when I come back. I need a reason to come back..  The duck was delightful on creamy risotto, the grilled scallops were perfection on a thin smear of grits. Could have used more of the latter. The place was cavernous and rather empty on a Sunday night; a good feature in my book. We enjoyed the ambiance and felt hip being there. I'm thinking we might have to add Old Town to our dining rotation.
How is it that I don't write reviews for places I absolutely love to go.  . . I think that when I truly LOVE a place, I get writer's block.  I generally don't know where to begin, so let me start with the item that drew me in.... Bacon Popcorn.  If you read my reviews, you know by now that popcorn is my favorite food.  My second favorite is bacon.  When a place takes those 2 things and puts them together in one dish, it won't take much to make me a fan, for life.. . When I walk in Citizen Public House and pull up a seat at the bar, I feel like I'm in a craftsman style supper club.  The interior of the building itself is beautifully appointed, yet simple with those beautiful wooden beams.  There is a lovely patio area as well.. . I've dined on several things from the menu.  I've gone for dinner with reservations and I've stumbled in late night for a bowl of popcorn and libations.  . . By far my favorite thing on the menu, save the Bacon popcorn, is the Chopped Salad.  I enjoy it every time I've gone.  I'm a creature of habit and it is hard for me to order something different at a restaurant when I've found something I enjoy a lot.  HOWEVER, I love it that I have some adventurous friends and I've managed to try several of their drinks and menu items.  . . I like the fact that they host a monthly cocktail tasting.  Come in and taste their crafted cocktails for about $65 with some food pairings.  Their drinks are adventurous, but to be honest, I've had better crafted cocktails around Phoenix.  . . I would give them 5 stars, but I did order something once that was not prepared correctly and I had to convince the server that it wasn't.  I didn't have to twist his arm but he tried to tell me that it was correct and etc, but I said no, I don't think so.   I suppose after the server took it to the back and examined the food item more, he discovered I was right.  They remade the item for me and the night kept going.  But that makes me wonder if the menu is being prepared correctly.  I wouldn't know, probably never will since I'm stuck on that salad. (SN: I think their chopped salad has a facebook page.)   And the menu doesn't change often enough.. . Another downer is the fact that there is no audible music.  I'm on the fence if I'd want it there or not, but when I've gone, I notice I look around thinking, we could use some atmospheric music.  I also think that place would rock with a really good Jazz band playing live music there.. . Please don't get me wrong, this place has excellent service.  . . The fact of the matter is that I will definitely be back  CPH has the chance to earn 5 stars from me.
The coffee rubbed short rib here KICKS ASS. Great food, great little find in Scottsdale.
I loved the chopped salad, the buttermilk chicken, and the peanut butter dessert.  So many different flavors that blended so well.  The service was AWESOME, with a perfect atmosphere.  You won't regret coming here!
*Reviewing cocktails only*. . I have not eaten here yet but if the cocktail quality is met or surpassed by the food, this is a huge winner.  The bartenders know their stuff and they use amazing ingredients like the antique formula vermouth (this stuff is $30 a bottle!) and luxardo cherries ($20 a jar).  My test is always to order a mescal drink and let the bartender make up what he/she wants with it.  I've had several of them and they've all been on par with some of the best cocktail places in SF, NY and Chicago.  My only small ding is the prices are high for Scottsdale.  SF has an average of $10 a cocktail at a respectable place... maybe $12.  I've paid $13.50+ at CPH.  Not a huge deal, but you get what you pay for here.
4.5 stars. . While in Scottsdale for work, I came across Citizen Public House. Good food, good drinks and good times. All of these are true. Tom, our bartender, for most of the night, as we sat at the bar was incredibly friendly. After hearing it was our first time, he tossed us some free bacon popcorn (popcorn with bacon lardons on top). The drinks here are top notch. At happy hour (4-6) you can get half price beers and half price on many cocktails. They have a bunch of house aged cocktails which are killer.. . The food here is not to be missed. The chicken, yes, i said the Chicken, is great. Sure, most restaurants have chicken on the menu as their throw away dish, not here. Here they braise the breast in buttermilk and serve it will Brussels Sprouts and a sweet corn and butter bean succotash. I also tasted the house made pork belly pastrami. Everything here is great, and the bartenders are all friendly.. . If you are here for business or pleasure, you want to stop at citizen public house.
Went for restaurant week, while visiting Phoenix and it did not disappoint.  Great staple entrees done really really well.  I had the chopped salad (yummy!!) the meatloaf, which was extra large, I have dinner for tomorrow night too, and then the peanut butter and banana bread pudding, yum yum but put me over on the full scale.  All for 30 bucks.  Very happy with my choice to come here.. . I rarely give 5 stars so 4 stars is damn good in my book.
We were really excited about trying this place on our trip to Scottsdale and were a little dismayed to learn it was Restaurant Week when we arrived (in Denver, Restaurant Week can sometimes mean a decline in food quality and service...). We decided to order off the regular menu and everything we got was so delicious. The burrata was great and was served on top of an eggplant puree--I hadn't burrata served like that before, but really enjoyed it. I ordered the rockfish which was great; however, the curried millet with okra that it was served with stole the show for me. I seriously could eat that every day and might have to try to recreate it at home. My husband ordered a fish that was the special for the evening. I can't remember what it was, nor did I try it (isn't this review incredibly helpful??) but he did say he loved it and ate every bit, so that can't be a bad thing ;) Peach and berry pie for dessert was great, although it was heavy on the berries and light on the peach. But who can really complain about that? The service was great; our server was attentive and the food was timed nicely. Overall a great experience!
Great atmosphere, great service, great drinks, good food. Yes, the chopped salad is amazing. Lamb burger is solid, but the other entrees at my table (meatloaf and scallops) weren't anything to write home about. Would definitely come back to sit at the bar for a cocktail or two and try some more of the apps.
This is a great place for sophisticated, but reasonably priced food!  We've been here a couple times and everything that we've ordered was delicious.  You can't go wrong with the scallops and the duck.  We will definitely go back!
I enjoyed my visit to Citizen Public House last night  ..... . We had a handful of yummy apps.  My favorites were the WaterMelon Argula Salad & Crab Cakes.   Not to be overlooked, was the adult beverage menu.  I was sold on the Persian Cucumber cocktail.   #Yum. . My friend ordered the Bacon Brittle to-go, from the Desert Menu.   Do yourself a favor and skip that.   It's a slippery slope to lighting bacon-flavored candles in your home.. . Certainly going back.  Good Service & nice Atmosphere.
I've been to CPH 3 times now and will definitely be back again. The scallop dish Is a must as is the short ribs. My dining partner ordered the yellow tail special which was excellent. Lets face it, you can get scallops and short ribs at a lot of restaurants  but not of this quality and price, most dish's are $20 to $25. What CPH does is deliver consistently high quality food at great value, add in the good service and friendly staff and you don't have to wonder why this has become a local favorite.. I'd be remiss if I didn't give a shout out to the bar manager and mixologist Tom, his craft cocktails are a great, I'm a fan of the Boulvardier.
The atmosphere is quite fun with energy and great for couples and groups. Moderate level of noise. Simple but nice design. Great area for walking around Old Town! I ordered the Sangria, which is house made and it was quite good but a bit sweet for my liking. The scallops were from Maine and the entire dish was enjoyable but scallops were more gritty than normal (I love scallops). The purred grits that they are served over top of was very tasty and it will give you a cream fix for those who don't, or can't eat cream based sauces. I can't usually do desert but I was able to love and tolerate the flour-less, gluten free chocolate mint cake. It was more like a fudge but way lighter! I also had a a nice glass of ice wine from Canada (the best area by far for ice wine) and it was perfect!  The waitress (Cat) was very very sweet and pleasantly knowledgable about the menu. Perfect for this type of Restaurant, while attentive and happy! This is a fine stop in Scottsdale.
Cocktails are where it's at.  Happening bar and great quality food.  Servers have always been extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Reminds me of back East a bit.
I received a gift certificate to Citizen Public House for my birthday so I decided to take a few friends. The food was great and the service was even better. They even gave me a drink on the house for bringing people in. The cocktails are good but not the best, the drinks are much better upstairs. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a good place to eat/drink in the Old Town Scottsdale area.
I came here for a girls night out while I was in town.  Didn't realize it was affiliated with Cowboy Caio.  No wonder they have the same amazing salad :)  The atmosphere was casual with that Scottsdale feel.  Food, wine and dessert were all great!  Definitely a nice place to have a nice dinner and spend time with friends/family.
If there's a place in old town that you can rely on for quality in food and service, this is the place.  You get what you paid for.  Based on my last few visits, it seems to always be busy, which as you know is a great sign.  . . This is a place where you come for a date, birthday or just about any type of occasion you can think of.  . . These are what I consistently get and enjoy:. . + Chopped Salad: BOMB.  You cannot come here and not get this.  If you don't have a big appetite, this is a must.  The corn, salmon and dressing does it for me every time.  You just can't go wrong here.. . + Lamb Burger: Its very tasty and juicy.  It can be a little messy if you mishandle it.  So I suggest just slicing it in the middle.  . . + Kale Caesar Salad: BOMB.  Kale is a super vegetable that is packed with nutrients.  They make the Kale anti-bitter with a great balanced Ceasar dressing, served with a cheesy, toasty bread! . . Some things can break your wallet but if you manage to try to share your plates in your party, you will walk out okay.  Drinks aren't too pricey.  But if you want to keep the night going, I suggest heading up to their sister bar, Citizen R+D, a speakeasy that is around the building and requires a secret phone call to reserve a table.. . There's not much to complain about really.  For its consistency and quality, I will always have them on my go to places.
The food here is outstanding. I've tried most everything on the menu, and I can't say enough good things about the scallops, steak, chopped salad, all of the salads really.... . OH, and the drinks. AMAZING! One of the best places in town for a drink. Everything is fresh, real juice etc.. . So why four stars? On the multiple times I've been to public house and on only about 1/2 of them has the service and wait time been good. The other 1/2 of the time the service has been extremely slow. This is especially annoying when you are getting take out or looking for a quick meal. Last time I went to public house I sat for 1.5 hours waiting for only a chopped salad. My friend who was with me waited just as long for her watermelon salad. In spite of the wait times and the service, Public House has wonderful food and is def. worth a try! However, I would not go if you are pressed for time.
Only been here once so far, but found the people very friendly and the food and wine was good. We will definitely be back!
Visiting Scottsdale for the week for work and found this place while walking around Old Scottsdale. I had an early dinner and wasn't that hungry so I ordered two appetizers for dinner. The chopped salad was excellent and very unique. It has smoked salad, roasted corn and an really great house dressing. I loved it. I also had the pork belly pastrami. It comes over rye spetzel and a tasty slaw. It was. It as good as the chopped salad, but it was very good. Service was excellent. The resturaunt has a cool vibe and an excellent bar / drink menu. It is not a 2 $ restaurant. The bill was $37 with tip and 1 beer. Despite that I would recommend it.
Awesome food and drinks. I have been here many times and I am always pleased. My favorite is The Chopped salad.
Good food, attentive service, tasty drinks but you have to be ok with noise - it's loud!
I love this place the food is awesome especially happy hour and I especially like the soft shell crab sandwich and the steak kabobs! I
Came here for Restaurant Week as the reviews for this place seemed pretty stellar.  First things first, outstanding service (almost alarmingly so).  Our server Gary took great pains to ensure the four of us had a good experience and were taken care of.  Props to Gary for going the extra mile for us.  . . Now to the food.  Again, went with the restaurant week menu for this visit.  For the appetizer I of course went with the chopped salad.  As expected it was outstanding.  Great presentation, tons of tasty ingredients, and just the right portion.  I think the chopped salad at Cowboy Ciao might be a little better, but just barely.  For the main course I went with the scallops that were covered with greens, tiny pieces of bacon, and doused in a cream corn sauce.  Great dish.  Portion was healthy but not over top.  I had a piece of the buttermilk chicken dish from my girlfriend's plate and that was also good.  For dessert I had the caramel bread pudding.  Portion was fairly small, but tasted good and when all was said and done I didn't feel uncomfortably full.. . The reason I dock one point wasn't the food or the service, but the noise.  I literally had to yell across the table for everyone to hear me.  The acoustics are such that even the smallest noise bounces everywhere.  Probably wouldn't be a big deal if I were just hanging out at the bar, but I didn't think the sounds would be so overpowering in a sit down restaurant.. . Overall though, cool place and great food.  Just make sure your vocal chords are adequately prepared.
Went here because of restaurant week and just had to try the "famous" chop salad.  I am wondering if that was the regular size or a smaller portion as part of the meal.  The scallops were huge so getting 3 is no biggie, I am actually about to eat the rest of it.  My hubby got the lamb burger, he loves lamb, and it was really good but a little greasy/oily on the bottom.  He liked the fries with the cardamom ketchup but I didn't care for them, but I did really enjoy the "pickles".. . The restaurant is open but with that come loudness, the acoustics aren't very good.  Really liked how the bathroom looked and how the stalls didn't make you feel like you were trapped in a tiny box.. . The host guys were super friendly, both on the phone and in person, I called today to make a reservation but ended showing up an hour early.  Bussers quickly came by with water and Kent introduced himself as our server.  Dinner started a bit disappointing and my side plate was dirty but then became much better after the first round of food came.  Will definitely go back again.
This place has the best chopped salad and is worth it every time. The other food is so-so, but the atmosphere is calm, but it is normally busy. Be ready to make a reservation.
Great food, fun atmosphere
Food was good. I got the lamb burger, and my fiance got the meatloaf. The lamb burger was delicious, and the patty was thick. The burger was on a cibatta bun, which was also really good. The fries were good, but nothing to write home about. The house made ketchup was really good...it tastes nothing like heinz, but I really liked it. . The meatloaf was a good sizeand was served over a mashed potatoes. The portions were excellent for the price. I would come back for sure. My only gripe was that the waiter was a bit pushy.
We came here at 5:30 on a Friday and it was dead...that was fine with us! We had dinner reservations at 7 PM with friends but we were too hungry to wait at home haha. The drinks are STRONG, just FYI. You can't complain about that ; )  I love Moscow Mules and they were strong and good here.. . We sat at the bar and had the hummus and pita just to curb our hunger. It was good and seemed fresh. We left and decided to walk around Old Town a bit....when we got back at 7PM it was PACKED. Thank goodness we had reservations! And it was LOUD!! I have never been in such a loud restaurant. That's fine with me, but just be prepared for your waiter to have to get close and speak loudly to you. . . Yes, the chopped salad is as good as everyone says. How? I don't know! I think it's the large couscous, salmon, dried fruit/seeds, and buttermilk dressing combo. Ha. I ordered the scallops which were AWESOME and I am not a huge fan of scallops. We finished with the PBandB Pudding Jar. YUM!!! . . The prices are a bit high but you are also paying for the location right in Old Town Scottsdale. And FYI, you will be surrounded by some $30K millionaires. Ehh, it comes with the territory. This place is popular so make a reservation for sure!!
We were in Old Town and hungry on a summer afternoon, and went in on a whim.  Well not a whim, as the Yelp reviews were good and the posted menu looked awesome.  We had the highly rated items, which were also put forth by our server:  Chopped Salad, pork belly, and the sushi-grade scallops.  Yes the salad was good, but it's a salad.  It won't bring world peace.  However, the pork belly and scallop preps that day WILL change the world.  For the better.  These are hands-down the best scallops I have had in a long time.  And I am a snob ;).  Service was efficient and friendly.  I could see the crowd being annoying (for my taste) on a busy night, but the food is seriously good and the setting is comfortable.  I will be back for another afternoon snack.
First, I must say I love Citizen Public House.  I've eaten here four or five times and every meal has been delicious.  My favorite so far is the Scallops but the meatloaf is great too as is the filet.  The Chopped salad is a must have!!  And they make kick ass drinks here.   The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is the overly attentive service.  The service can make of break a restaurant and the service here is good, but on two different occasions while I was dining here the servers kept interrupting to ask if we needed anything.  I was enjoying my company and conversation and both times had to let the server know to back off a bit.  And they didn't.  I appreciate attentiveness but this was too much.  I'd appreciate a little presence and intuitiveness over the constant tending to.   I won't let the minor complaint keep me away from this delicious food.
Went here last night with a friend and really enjoyed it. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable about the questions we were asking about their specialty cocktails and "barrel cocktails".  They had a great selection of wine, cocktails, spirits, and beers. They even have the barrel aged cocktails that they make, my friend got ' The Craftsman' and it was excellent. I went with my drink of the moment, a Moscow Mule, and they had a little twist to it with cucumbers. Their drinks are on the pricier side but they have some great specials during happy hour.. . Their Chopped Salad is like nothing I have ever experienced, so different from any other with unique items but the ingredients go so good together! This is their most famous item and I now know why- excellent!.  Didn't have dinner but did decide to satisfy a sweet tooth craving and got the Sticky Bun Bread Pudding and The PB & B Pudding Jar. The PB & B was soooooooo good!. . Overall had a great atmosphere and I can't wait to go back and try their entrees because they sounded delicious!
Really good place! Awesome music, good mixology, good food, good staff...why not come here?. . I consider myself a foodie and their food was definitely worth coming. The short ribs and lamb loin were fantastic! Definitely would suggest. Bread pudding wasn't that great and I was pretty disappointed - though the waiter did suggest not getting it, I should have listened because he made great drink and entree suggestions.. . I would absolutely come back and you should try it if you haven't.
Citizens public is a really chic place, especially on a fri or sat night before going out. I love the indoor / outdoor feel created by the large doors at the front of the building. Interior decor is classic fine dining elegance with minimalist qualities. R and D is the upstairs speakeasy joint, you should definitely check that out as well, after dinner. Be sure to check with the host on getting up to R and D as that part can be tricky. When I first went to Cit pub almost a year ago I was enticed by their Moscow Mule served traditionally in a copper cup, with a garnishing of a sugar sucker. It's a very good mule. I tried the chop salad and while all my girlfriends die over it, it's not my thing. I didn't enjoy the separation of flavors and didn't overall like the ingredient mix, but I'm sort of particular so I encourage you to try that salad for yourself. It's pretty famous. I had the chicken entree which has a delicious sauce, was not dry, and had a lovely hash type bean and brussel sprout thing on the bottom of the plate. It was amazing, definitely a step up from not loving the salad last time. I paired it with their better rose available by the glass. Wonderful meal and highly recommend eating at this restaurant soon.
Excellent food and service. The place had many positive reviews on Yelp and they were for the most part accurate. . . My friends and I enjoyed our dinners and drinks. We will definitely be back on our next trip to Scottsdale.
Great drinks, great bar, great fried pork and waffles! We will be back. Oh crap, the bacon popcorn was amazing!
The food was very good and creative. I enjoyed the scallops, the flavor was balanced with the corn grits. Bread pudding was amazing and I am not big on bread pudding.  Pork belly appetizer was a little bit of a disappointment, not as much flavor.
good food
Loved the mood, atmosphere, service and the food was very tasty.  Try thePork Belly and Butternut Squash for apps, followed by the juicy Filet Mignon.
Delicious meal & original cocktails . . Pros:. - nice menu but fairly limited for vegetarians . - awesome cocktails w in house spirits. - good wine selection & reasonable prices. - great service - super attentive & fun. . Cons:. - Ono was slightly over cooked . - hummus not very flavorful
