I am a huge Wolfgang Puck fan and have been waiting to try out his steakhouse for a really long time. The time finally came in November.. . They cook all their steaks the same way, seasoned with a simple but delicious mixture of spices. My bf and I had gotten the porterhouse, which is the only steak on the menu that is seasoned with a little extra including rosemary.. . The waitstaff are very attentive and provide excellent service. The ambiance is nice and the decor is modern. The bf and I aren't wine drinkers, but they were able to recommend a very enjoyable white wine to accompany our dinner.. . One highlight of the night: the waiter brought out a platter of all the raw beef they offer on the menu. The beautiful marbling of the beef made me excitedly anticipate the main course of the night. And when it was all said and done, CUT did not disappoint.
Fantastic steaks, absolute top-notch service, and a chic modern classic interior completed by a host of "in crowd " clientele make CUT a great dining experience that won't disappoint. So long as you're OK with the prices, I'd definitely say put CUT on your list of considerations. . . Is it deserving of its #2 steakhouse in Las Vegas fame? It certainly is believable. The filet I had was WAY better than the one I just recently had at Morton's in Schaumburg, IL (Chicago) an offshoot of the original Morton's and absolutely legendary for their steaks. It also easily KOs SW in the Wynn in the first round but there are plenty of other serious contenders in Vegas. Perhaps it was a one time wonder but I once had an absolutely amazing filet at the steakhouse in the Luxor, a place simply known as "The Luxor Steakhouse". In any case, the steaks at CUT are truly suburb! . . So why four stars and not five with all this hype? While Wagyu steak is typically expensive and CUT's prices weren't higher than the norm here, their other dishes and more regular cuts are quite a bit pricier than usual. Also, the location is a bit away from the typical Vegas energy and excellent being in the shopping area between The Venetian and The Palazzo. I personally prefer the Beverly Hills setup and location. . . What I ordered: . . Apple Martini - good not great. A bit weak for my taste and no ice crystals floating on top. . . Maple Glazed Pork Belly Appetizer - made with Asian spices, sesame-orange dressing, and Bartlett pear compote this plate was delish but not on the same level as the best pork belly dishes I've had. Still, definitely recommended. . . Petit Cut Filet Mignon 8 Oz - being a fan of the leaner cuts over the Wagyu, I ordered this USDA PRIME, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days steak rare and it was served cooked to perfection. As you should have gathered from the above, I really loved this steak though I did find the pepper seasoning just a bit strong. The pepper crust is something to note since this is not the standard way of preparing a filet mignon at a lot of places. Of curiosity still to me, is how the USDA PRIME, Nebraska Corn Fed, Dry Aged 35 Days 10 oz would have compared to the cut I ordered. . . . While I didn't order CUT's Mac & Cheese made with Quebec Cheddar this is something I would have loved to have tried. Since I didn't notice they had this dish until later, I thought I would mention it here so the same didn't happen to other Mac & Cheese fans out there. . . . Enjoy...
We arrived 15 minutes before the kitchen closed (which probably wasn't real popular with the staff). Even with our late arrival, we received fantastic service. The bread and butter (can't remember what kind) was great to start. We also had a number of sides, but the fact that I can't remember what they were, might say something.. . Items ordered: . . -Shrimp Cocktail (deconstructed) - This was as fantastic to eat as it was visually appealing.. . -American Wagyu Rib Eye Steak 10 Oz (med rare) - Very good, but a little too charred on the outside. . -Lobster - Perfectly cooked, melts in your mouth. . Overall, the food was very good and the service was exceptional. In fairness, I am writing this review after my completed trip. This meal was consumed on the first night and probably was knocked down a star because of the incredible meal I had at Strip Steak (Mandalay Bay) later in the week.
Everything was awesome there - steaks were perfectly cooked, the char and seasoning were great. And get the bone marrow flan, it is amazing.. Good service, not as personal as I like but friendly and efficient nonetheless.. So why 4 stars? Kobe beef sashimi was OK, and when I asked for a glass of cab with my steak the server brought a $25 GLASS of wine without informing me of the cost. I understand it's vegas and expensive but I think a server should always check on a glass of wine above $18 or so.
Overall...a sensational effort.  From the atmosphere (clean, stylish and modern...but not too cold or sterile) to the food (superb) to the service (attentive and knowledgeable staff)....the dining experience was a memorable one.  I am from Chicago so my bar is set pretty high...andCut compares favorably with the best steak houses I have visited.. . I had a decadent blue cheese wedge salad and the succulent bone in filet...along with a superb bottle of Peter Michael "Les Pavots"...sure...$789 is a lot for dinner for two...maybe the most I have ever spent...but it was most delectable and I dont deduct for costs (since you should know the price range going in).... . A world class steakhouse...
First, I want to clarify what the stars reflect in this case. Here, it reflects the overall experience excluding cost, from the level of service to the quality of the food. I'll comment upon a cost based rating below.. . . The food was quite good and well prepared as one might reasonably expect from an establishment at the Palazzo/Venetian. Considering that even the Grand Lux Cafe delivers above average fare with great execution at moderate prices, one would expect no less at Cut. The steaks were all prepared at the desired wellness (in this case, all medium rare) and were sufficiently rested prior to being served so that the juices did not run all over the plate upon slicing into the steak.. . There was a dizzying array of cuts and types of beef offered, from prime grade domestic beef (aged for varying durations) to domestic wagyu (oxymoron?) to New Zealand wagyu (alas, no wagyu from Japan).. . Our party opted for the domestic wagyu, which was priced moderately between the domestic prime and the NZ wagyu. The cuts include rib eye (my personal favorite), filet and NY sirloin. All cuts were, again, exactly prepared. Taste and tenderness were excellent although the beef examples shown to us at the table were not as well marbled as the NZ wagyu (domestic beef was not sampled to us).. . That being said, the steaks were not really differentiable from prime grade steaks at other upper end steakhouses at half the cost (or more). Nor did it seem better than the prime grade steaks available at Costco prepared by sufficiently skilled home chefs. And, it was noticeably not as good as wagyu in Japan (whether it be from Kobe, Yonezawa or the like).. . Still, it was an excellent steak that was prepared very well.. . All told, however, the 4 stars for an overall, cost considered experience, is generous. The service, as others have noted, is largely impeccable if not a little too familiar. The food is excellent. But the pricing is outrageous when similar quality can be had at less than half the price at other esteemed establishments. Not just for the steak but for the sides. $12 for a small side of mashed potatoes? Even if they are my favorite Yukon Golds, it's not like the potatoes are made of gold. Cost considered, I would have awarded 3 stars at best -- excellent food, excellent service but average value at best.. . If you're on vacation or on an expense account, go ahead and splurge once. I did just to satisfy my curiosity of domestic wagyu. It's a great dinner if you're price insensitive. But if you expect the dinner to match the price, you may not have your expectations met.
Not as awesome as LA's CUT but still damn, damn good!. Glamourous dining room, elegant and chic with fabulous service!. A definite treat!
I have been waiting to try this place and finally got to go with a group of friends in Las Vegas. The decor and service is what you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber...top notch. There was a beat that was missed by the staff and everything was perfect. With regard to the food, I had expected a little more. . . We started with the Big Eye Tuna tartare and a special of Blue crab claws. The tartare was excellent however there was really no wow factor and nothing that set it apart from something you would find at any other restaurant. The crab was just that...crab claws. Basically a bowl with some crab claws...they weren't even pre-cracked. As much as I love going through cracking shell fish, this wasn't the restaurant I was planning on doing it in and again I had hoped for something more than simply claws. . . Next up were the sides (I'll save the steak for last). We each picked something and got the French Fries, Onion Rings, Swiss Chard and Autumn root veggies. The Chard and the root veggies were good but the fries and rings were completely disappointing. Easily something we all took a taste off and could have been happy not having any more of. Again nothing special here and no wow factor. . . Finally the steak. I ended up with the bone in Rib Eye from Illinois...rare. This was a fantastic piece of meat. My only complaint here was that they went a little heavy on the seasoning. . . The wine list was incredible. I didnt want to hold the table up as I picked a bottle but i honestly could have read through it for a good 30 minutes. I stayed in the sub $100 range for a bottle and was able to pick an excellent one...but beware as there is little choice in that category. . . If I go back I would stay out of the appetizer and side sections and just focus on the meat...and ask them to go light with the seasoning.
Wolgang may not get the hype of the nouveau celeb chefs but he's still got it. Outstanding food, great tuna, waygu, killer sides. Bone marrow app was very good. Tomato salad was just a pass. the bill was pretty steep, special occasions only.
I've eaten here twice now - though, both experiences have been dining at the bar. The bartenders, while sometimes overly busy and not attentive the way a dedicated server would be, have always been very nice and definitely knowledgeable when it comes to the food and drink menus.. . This is, obviously, not the place to go if you are a vegetarian. In fact, it is not the place to go if you aren't eager for beef. The star of the menu (and what takes up about 3/4 of the menu) is the steak. I appreciate how the different types of beef (Illinois, Nebraska, Kobe, etc.) are separated into different sections on the menu. And it was nice to be able to order a 10oz petite NY strip. The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly - very delicious. Definitely seemed a bit over-priced, though.. . And, of course, no steak experience would be complete without a sauce and a side. I ordered the bernaise sauce, which was pretty good. However, the portion size for the sauce was ridiculously small. For the side, I had the mac 'n' cheese. It was great, but not $21 great.. . The amuse at the beginning and little desserts at the end were great. And the breads were excellent too. And the drink menu is really good - decent selection of cocktails, wines, and beers. I was very happy to find a blanc de noirs on their wine list.. . Overall, even when dining at the bar, it's a good fine dining experience. And the steaks are definitely great.
Came here for the final night of my vacation in Vegas.  My friend is a huge steak person as I am not.  But I did inquire a little around town and found out there are pretty much 3 steak houses to visit on the strip - Cut @ Palazzo, Craftsteak @ MGM and surprise! steak house @ Circus Circus.  Originally I booked my reservation @ Craftsteak considering we had a 9:30PM Ka show, but after reading a bit more reviews and have been @ Craftsteak, I decided we should try out CUT.  (Switch @ Encore which is where we were staying was also considered, but after seeing the reviews we passed, I still would like to try it next time). . The four star rating is for the overall dining experience.  I would say the ambiance and service @ CUT deserves a full 5 star.  Our waitress DEFINITELY knew her stuff.  The restaurant is very nicely appointed, dark decorations but doesn't feel too uptight like the old steak houses in NY.  It has a nice modern feel to it.  We got seated by the door in a very comfortable booth area.  Waitress came by and explained EVERYTHING on the menu including the wine/drinks which came on an iPad.  She was the reason why I feel this restaurant deserved the outrageous bill that came at the end (more on that later).. . Being a steak house, the main thing is the meat itself.  And this restaurant has some of the best selections.  The shining star is Australian and American Waygus/Kobe.  Basically skip all the USDA crap and go straight to those selections, you would not regret it.  You do indeed pay for what you get, my friend ordered a 6oz Australian Waygu NY strip while I had the 6oz American Waygu Filet Mignon.  6oz may seem like a small size, but trust me you would not need more, I could not finish 1/2 of mine.  The Australian Waygu definitely was the most buttery steak I have ever tasted, every bite feels like you are going to pass out from just biting into it.. . All of the side items are a-la-carte, and they add to your bill exponentially.  The best is definitely the wild mushroom add on.  We also ordered a few other items - Cauliflower (definitely recommended, yum!), creamed spinach with poached eggs (I wasn't a huge fan) and gold yukon potato puree (pretty good mashed potatoes but nothing to write home about)  We finished the meal with a banana cream pie/ice cream rendition, it was good, but not exceptional.  It could be however at that point I was pretty much passed out for a food coma.  The food was tiny in amount but felt so very rich that I couldn't take another bite.  i also felt that the sauces (we had chimi churri and wasabi) were too salty since the steaks were already flavored with fleur-de-sel (which they also brought to the table, a very nice touch).  It was just too much of a good thing in this case I think.  The food was simply too rich for my taste, which is one of the reasons I docked 1 star from this otherwise amazing establishment.. . The other reason I took off 1 star is the price.  I have been to some outlandishly expensive restaurants, but this place is not French Laundry :)  The bill for 2 came out to be around $480 (including tip), with just 1 glass of wine.  Was the steak good?  Absolutely.  Was it $480 good?  That one I have to think for a bit and I think the answer is probably no.  So if you do decide to go, be choosy on the side items and add-ons you wish to have, because they do add up very quickly.  Also ask the waitress for how the sides accompany the overall palette, I have a feeling if I do ever go back again, I will be choosing SOMETHING that's lighter so it can offset the richness of the other parts of the plate.. . In summary, to finish off a very long review, I would come here if you are a steak fanatic and have a bit of money to drop.  It's like everything in vegas, you can do it on the cheap OR outlandishly over the top.  You can guess how this one fits :)
Food was excellent - service was excellent - prices were Las Vegas prices.  I had the chicken - which was one of the best prepared meals I've every had of this dish.  It surprised me in a good way.  3 at the table had steak - all very good (not great), and one had fish - excellent preperation - wrong choice of fish - too many small bones that even after expert deboning were still there.  Much better then I thought it would be.
Great restaurant with a sleek interior and sexy vibe.. . Vegas has A LOT of great steakhouses, and honestly, this is not the best one I have dined at. For the creme de la creme, treat yourself to Prime at the Bellagio. But CUT certainly hangs in there with the typically impressive selection of Wagyu steaks and the like. Service was solid, as I expected. I mean, really, at a place like this, you have certain expectations - and CUT meets, just doesn't exceed, all of them.. . I give a particular nod to the hostess, who managed to seat us in the dining room rather than the lounge despite our very last-minute reservation on a Friday night. Her reasoning? We dressed for the occasion. Amen to that. I still cannot get with people wearing tshirts, jeans and flip flops to these restaurants. I mean, really, can't you change after your day of gaming? Ew.
Pretzel bread is too salty.. . That's the worst I can say about CUT over at Palazzo.  I will say I don't think it's the best steak I've had in Las Vegas.  I still give the edge to Delmonico for that.. . However, you're gonna come away happy.. . Steak Tartare - beautifully presented and seasoned.  Served with perfect crostinis and just the right amount of savory, salty, and creamy.  . Steaks - The problem with steaks IMO is they can get bland since you're eating the same thing over and over.  That is no different here.  But it's a beautifully cooked and seasoned piece of meat you shall receive.  Doesn't have that spicy note I like over at Delmonico.  That seems to keep it more interesting for a longer time. Get the ribeye if you like flavor.  They serve it with a number of sauces - none of which I'm gaga about.. Dessert - always been too full to get it.  :)
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant out in Vegas.  When I crave steak it's always a toss up between here and Delmonico's.  Although I must say I feel overall food quality in Vegas is not what it used to be.  My first visit here I would have given it 5, but it's down to a 4.  Still this restaurant does not disappoint.  Saturday night at 7:00, we expected the place to be crowded, but to my surprise it was only half full.  I had requested a "nice table."  They sat us in a small alcove with a view of the entire dining room.  This is now my favorite seat in the house. . . Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  Their wine lists are now all on iPads, which allow for easier navigation of their selections.  You can sort the wines out in anyway you like, making it easier to find what you want.  We each ordered a different cut of the American Wagyu steak, filet, rib eye and strip.  Three different sides, fingerling potatoes, broccoli rabe, and creamed spinich with quail egg.  Service as always is impeccable.  Each dish was brought out at the same time and a server to each plate, presented us each at the same time our food.  As expected with the Wagyu, the quality of the steaks dictated the rest of the meal.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly medium rare, juicy and above all flavorful.  Seasoned perfectly, enough to enhance rather than take away the beefy flavor.  Excellent crust.  The steaks are much richer than normal steaks, that despite the smaller oz, we were very full after the meal with leftovers of our sides.  . . I was a bit surprised as I felt like I had a better experience the first time.  Again I feel that the overall quality of all the food in Vegas has gone down a notch.  Either that or I am not as easily impressed anymore.  Still we had an enjoyable dinner and a great experience, despite the beating my wallet took after.  Will I return? If I get lucky on the craps table.
Price was outrageous, and the service was slow, but man oh man was my Steak fantastic.  Definitely the best steak I have ever had in Vegas.  Appetizers were pretty fabulous too.  I got the bone marrow flan.  My friends were all drooling while i ate it.  Careful, its very rich, so i suggest you don't eat it all by yourself.  Be prepared to max the card out on a dinner for 4 though.  Is anything cheap in Vegas?  Nope!
My friends and I recently dined at Cut to celebrate forthcoming nuptials.  Not that I needed an excuse to come here, but the only thing better than good food and drink is good company.  On to the review.. . *Beef*. The quality of the beef was very impressive, but not world class.  The best thing on the menu was ribeye wagyu from New Zealand.  The marbling was not comparable to more upscale wagyu, like Tajima, but for the uninitiated, the beef served at Cut is more than sufficient.  I ended up ordering ribeye from a wagyu/Angus crossbreed.. . *Preparation*. The steak was cooked perfectly.  Moist and pink, with the appropriate amount of char.  Themustard sauce was the best.. . *Drink*. Above average beer menu for a steakhouse.  I started the evening with a tripel from Westmalle; the citric, yeasty notes went well with the appetizers.  The steak was paired with a generic pinor noir from Oregon.  The scotch menu needs some serious revamping.. . *Sides*. Unimpressive, but Cut doesn't offer course menus, so it was expected.. . *Dessert*. I had a generic souffle.  Nothing to write home about. . Overall, the perfect place to have steak with the guys.  It's not a dining experience as much as it is a place to get your steak cooked properly.
Staff was very friendly and attentive. They answered all my questions regarding the dishes and steak without any ounce of "snootiness".  Wine list is electronic and your search can be narrowed  by grape, cost, or region. Steaks were cooked exactly as ordered and the bone marrow accompaniment was VERY generous for an add on price of only $9. I actually gave half of mine to my friend who didn't order for his steak. Reservations are basically a requirement (especially on a weekend). . . The only downside is that some of the patrons are a little on the loud side and there really didn't seem to be a dress code enforced, but hey, its Vegas so you just have to expect that with the territory, even at this price point.
This was my second time at Cut Las Vegas. Restaurant was beautiful, service was commendable, food was delicious. . . Since it was my birthday my sister-in-law treated me by splitting the New Zealand ribeye, which was $180. I was hoping it was going to be better than the American Wagyu I had tried last time, but I was a little let down. Although the flavor was amazing and the steak was cooked perfectly, the texture did not seem any more tender than any other well-cooked American ribeye, so not really worth the additional cost to me.. . My friend ordered the pork chop, since she had not been impressed by the steak on her previous visit, and I would have to say it was pretty awesome. It was a huge portion, with the bone, seasoned deliciously and perfectly moist and tender. It was such a large portion that she cut it up into snack size bites to take home and I must say that the pork did not dry out and was still delicious when we snacked on it for breakfast the next morning (that would explain the meat in my bed!). . We also shared amongst the four of us two of the bone marrow appetizers, a side of the mushrooms and a side of the macaroni & cheese which were all delicious. . . They bring a tray of different breads to your table and you get to choose which one you like before the place it on your plate. They also roll out a cart of their prime cuts of beef to show you the marbling and educate you  more on the meat. The water glasses are filled before they even get 1/4 full. Our server did take a little long to bring out our check to us, but no biggie. It was a good first dinner during our weekend in Vegas.
We went to Cut on Saturday night with a large group of people. The service was outstanding...waiters and other staff who truly want you to have a fantastic experience. Everyone is trained well and working hard.. . The steaks were good, but not great. If you have ever tasted real Wagyu beef in Japan, you will see that Cut steaks are not remotely similar. However, they are good (just incredibly overpriced). That being the case, the other items on the menu were excellent. Great bread, especially the pretzel (house made) and the creamed spinach was the best ever. . . If I went again I would order a cheaper cut of beef or simply skip the beef and order a whole bunch of appetizers with wine.
This should be the blueprint for all new Steakhouses.   Ambiance is perfect for Las Vegas, very modern and comfortable. We were seated in an extra large booth fit for 4 guests, but there was only two of us. Felt great not to be packed in like sardines..  They bring out actual raw beef for your inspection. It was interesting to see the differences in the marbling. I was so anamored with the differences of the meat upon presentaion, that  I had to order the NY strip sampler and try them all. This included a 4oz portion of 35day aged nebraskan corn fed, 4oz American waygu from Idaho & 2oz of australian waygu. I was very happy with my choice. IMO the American waygu from Idaho was the best. All three pieces were cooked perfectly and seasoned very well..  Also had the pork belly app which was fantastic. Added bone marrow to my steak which was a little salty but deliciously and rich. We shared Mac n Cheese and creamed spinach, both were very tasty as well..  Obviously this place is not cheap, but you get what you pay for and this place is the best steakhouse in Vegas.
Amazing steak and other food, but be prepared for a slight bit of wallet shock.. . I made reservations at CUT back in May while visiting LV, but due to an unfortunate bout of illness (DO NOT EAT DUCK FRIED RICE FROM THE BELLAGIO POKER ROOM)  that required hospitalization, I was forced to give my reservations to my friends. The next day, visiting me in the hospital, they raved about the quality of the steaks, being from overseas. I knew that next time I was in Las Vegas, I would need to go.. . What luck that several weeks later my boyfriend did extremely well in a WSOP event, and we returned to Las Vegas and made another reservation at CUT for mid June.. . We were seated a booth with a leather tables and service was quick and prompt. We knew we wanted steak, but my boyfriend and I have very different tastes in wine, so the sommelier came over to help us with the (very) awkward iPad wine list. She helped us pick just the right wine that met our desires. . . After ordering our wine, we got down to business. For appetizers, we had the Kobe sashimi and the Roasted Beets with goat cheese. They actually balanced quite nicely, as we knew we had a lot of meat ahead of us. . . For our main courses, I chose the American Wagyu filet, normally 6 oz, and added an extra 2 oz for extra. I love Kobe filet for it's melting butter like quality, and this cut was no exception. It was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and it was the quality and taste I would expect for a $130 steak. My boyfriend chose the New York Sirloin tasting that consisted of the dry aged American sirloin, American Wagyu, and NZ Wagyu. He ordered it rare and it came slightly over rare (which is acceptable, because these cuts were THICK) and they were epic. Just meaty and buttery at the same time. My steak-loving boyfriend was in heaven. . . For sides, we had the mac & cheese, and spring peas with bacon. To be honest, we didn't eat much of those as we focused primarily on the steak, but both were good - also rich and bacony! . . After some excessive meat consumption, I saw a souffle float by to another table. I had to dig deep down, but I never regretted the chocolate souffle. It was rich but airy at the same time. I didn't even look at the other desserts, but it was one of the best I've had. The small little cookies and tarts were a nice little treat we had wrapped up to-go that went nicely with our coffee for breakfast the next morning.. . The service was extremely attentive and water refills/bread requests came quickly and discretely. (Yes, the bread was that good too). My one disappointment is the overall atmosphere. The overly slick design and mirrors everywhere made me feel like I was in an HGTV show instead of a restaurant.  When I think steakhouse, I think a little more comfortable and a little less "sleek." That said, I also deplored the amount of  people taking pictures...man people, don't use flash in a restaurant, I like to eat my food without blinding. If you're so consumed by where you are, please avoid me at all costs.. . Overall, I recommend CUT if you have money to splurge but you'll be sure to enjoy your meal.
Came here for a bachelor party dinner and our experience was generally positive! This place does things a little backwards it seems. Or I would say the deficiencies are in areas you would not think they would be in.  For instance they took our reservation for 16 and then when we showed up said that we had to sit at twodifferent tables.. which the bachelor was not happy about... Then our table was a round table and it was so rickety. If anyone touched it, it would shake violently. They gave us bread and after we finished eating the bread they decided to bring out the sauce to dip the bread???? And when we asked for more of the pretzel sticks to eat they never brought them out. After 3 separate attempts of asking for them and them apologizing they still never ever brought them???. . The little easy things were all wrong, that's what surprised me with this place.. . What about the food? IT WAS AMAZING!!!! I had the 16oz bone in Filet Mignon at the waiters suggestion and it was amazing. Cooked perfectly, soft and tender and had an amazing flavor. I tried the Australian Waygu Kobe beef that the bachelor ordered and it was unreal. It was so tasty.  The mac and cheese, fingerling potatoes, mashed potato puree and corn niblets were top notch! I had a 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon and it was very tasty as well. I spent about $110 after tax and tip and it was well worth it.. . Now if they can only get the simple easy details right... Like NOT having a rickety old table in a high end dining establishment.
The ambiance and decor are modern and inviting. The service staff is dedicated and on the ball. The food was not the same cookie cutter crap found in alot of Vegas hot spots. The food was well cooked and tasty. The portions were good for the price. Got the Filet med well. tender and delicious with there own sauce. the dessert was a decadent chocolate suflet. I would have skipped the extra chocolate sauce and ice cream.
Service was phenominal and the Wagyu is the best piece of meat I've ever eaten.  The wine list on the ipad was cool, since I have one, it was easy to navigate.  Thesomlier was really cool and learned a new way to pour wine.  My only complaint and the reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is that the meat is way overseasoned.  If the meat is tender, juicy, and flavorful, don't ruin it by making it too salty with all the seasoning.  I kept having to take a bite of bread with the meat because it was too salty.  Generally a good experience.
I'd give a 3.5 stars...and since I had a great weekend overall, I'll round up :). . Pros:. -Service was EXCELLENT.  i  went with a group of 14 and it was so neat to see the coordinated plating of the steaks.  the waiters would all come outat once, look at each other, then BAM. steak is served. water glass was always full and the waiters were very knowledgeable of the menu.. -Their pretzel roll is sooo fricken good. I had 3. It was like a pretzel..but in a roll. :P soft and chewy.. -maple glazed pork belly is soooo melt-in-your-mouth yummy!  It's drenched in duck fat and had this really awesome plum compote...PERFECT!. -bone marrow flan with the mushroom (i forget if it is mushroom confit) soo tasty! :). -wine menu on the ipad---fancy schmancy!. . Room for Improvement:. . I had the ribeye nebraska cornfed for 28 days...to be honest the steak wasn't as "WOW" as I had expected.  their appetizers and sides were amazing though. I was expecting it to be more tender and melt in your mouth.  Also expecting the seasoning to bring out the taste of the steakmore.. . Overall...not the best steak I've had but overall good dinner experience.
While I expect things in Vegas to be kinda fake, this place was elegant and and foodie worthy.  We had a few nice appetizers that were presented beautifully and tasted just as good, as well as the stake samplers.  The steaks were great, I have to say the wagu tasted good but not that different, I have always have heard it would be drastically different, but this was not the case, it was not from Japan, so maybe that's the case. We also had a great bottle of wine that the waiter helped us choose.  . . The bill for the 4 of us was a whopping $800 but good thing this was a business trip and it was all expensed:)  I'm not sure I would come back on my own dime, it was good but not earth shattering.
Beautiful restaurant- wine and cocktail menu on an Ipad 2. . Tuna Tartare appetizer was good.... I'm not trying to let the high prices of Vegas influence my review but I would say it is overpriced.... . Cheapest Filet Mignon- STILL DELICIOUS! $50 steak, tastes like creamy, meaty ecstasy. . . Fingerling potatoes- just whatever. waiter recommended them.. I don't know why.. . Cocktail drinks were strong and good.. Wine presentation was beautiful.. . Staff is fantastic!! They let me make as many dirty jokes as I wanted to with no sour faces. It made the evening very enjoyable. Who doesn't like dirty talking cousins? haha
We came here to celebrate my 30th birthday during our Vegas trip.. . The place really is beautiful and the service is impeccable, although our main server was a bit stuffy.  The pretzel roll was amazing and we asked for more of those.  Husby and I shared the pork belly, which was succulent and porky.  The maple gave it a bit of sweetness to cut the fattiness.. . I also ordered the 9 oz wagyu ribeye with bone marrow and creamed spinach.  It was very rich and had an incredibly smooth texture.  The bone marrow probably was a bit too much for the wagyu, to be honest.  The onion rings were thin and crispy, while the spinach was decent.  I tried Husby's bone-in ribeye but it was not cooked medium-rare and it was a bit tough.  I would have expected a much better cut of meat for the price.  The wine was also marked up way too much and I didn't receive the wine I ordered.  However, the wine I did try was not impressive.. . For my birthday, I received a free half baked alaska dessert and thought it was terrible.  I cannot imagine that particular dish is famous because it tasted very bland.. . Overall, I'm not sure it was worth the price but it was a lovely experience.
We ate here on Friday evening of 7/01/2001.. . My meal:. Drink: Crown and 7. Starter: Maple Glazed Pork Belly with Asian Spices, Sesame-Orange Dressing and Dancing Demon Plum Compote. Entree: 8 oz Petit Cut Filet Mignon, medium rare, with a side of Wild Field Mushrooms & Japanese Shishito Peppers. . The Maple Glazed Pork Belly was tender, crunchy and delicious.. The Filet was tender and juicy.. . Bf's meal:. Drink: Crown and 7. Starter: Maryland Blue Crab & Carolina Shrimp "Louis" Cocktail with Spicy Tomato-Horseradish . Entree: 8 oz Petit Cut Filet Mignon, medium, with a side of Fingerling Potatoes, Smoky Bacon, Pearl Onions. . The decoration has a little too much glass and wood for my taste. We got seated at a table way too big for just 2 people. I like that the waiter presented and explained to us all the cuts of steak for us to choose from.. . My only complaint is that my steak was cooked a tiny bit too done for being medium rare. When our steaks were served, we cut them in half to check for doneness but they were so similar that we couldn't decide who actually got the med rare.. . Total cost: $250+. Delicious food and nice experience overall but not sure if worth the cost.
The food was wonderful. I had the wagyu which melted in my mouth like butter. Service was excellent. It was a bit pricey, but a great experience.
I've been meaning to try this place and finally did last week.. . We were actually trying to go to other places last minute with no reservation but that was a no-go so we end up coming here since there was no wait and we were already staying in the Palazzo.. . Well we spent about $300 total for just my friend and I. We got a few complimentary bread appetizers. I ordered a beer. The drink menu given to me was an iPad. The waiter straight up gave me an iPad as a menu--that was a new experience.. . Anyway, we ordered 2 steaks and a couple of appetizers. We got the Maple Glazed Pork Belly, the Bone Marrow Flan, a Filet Mignon, and the Australian 100% Wagyu beef steak (the most expensive thing on the menu). Was it worth it? I guess so. To be honest it kind of tastes like a regular steak. You really have to concentrate on it to taste the difference in quality/texture/etc. I'd recommend getting any quality meat rare as possible. If it's truly a high quality cut of meat, then the rarer the better because you'll get the true taste of its origin and chances of developing some disease from undercooked meat is very low.. . We got no dessert.. Right before we went in the restaurant my friend would a quick $100 on blackjack so it wasn't a hard decision to get the $150 steak.
I love the ambiance and decor here. The booths are spacious and comfortable. The service here is magnificent. Everyone is very attentive, friendly and helpful. I'm not sure if this happens often, but we kept getting free small samples. Our server brought what I think was a small pao de queijo and two pieces of chocolate throughout the dinner, which was really nice/neat of them. We had the golden apple salad, which was refreshing and light. We also ordered the tuna tartare which did not seem very fresh and I would not recommend. While they offer other entrees, their steak selection is glorious. They have wet aged 21 days, dry aged 35 days, cows from all over the country and even from Australia. Personally, I think wagyu beef can taste too gamey so i don't really prefer it as much (I know I am weird). I really love a good bone-in rib eye so that is exactly what I ordered. Because it was wet aged and bone in and prime, it was super greasy and juicy. The meat itself was cooked to perfection. Slightly charred on top and very juicy medium rare prime meat on the inside. I didn't order a side, but I think this is where you should get potatoes to soak up all the juice or you save your bread to eat along with the steak because the meat itself and the juiciness can actually be too much after a while. I ended my meal with the chocolate souffle which was very rich. I really enjoyed my meal here, but I wouldn't name it one of my top favorites only because I didn't really care for much else on the menu. Steak alone great, everything else ehh.
So torn between 4 and 5 here so, give CUT a 4.5.  Went there with a group for my birthday dinner on an early November trip and was really looking forward to it.  Overall, was not disappointed at all.  I started with the tuna tartare appetizer and it was really delicious.  Ultra fresh chopped tuna, topped with some thinly sliced avocado and pressed into a circular mold.  Not sure what exactly the sauce drizzled about the plate was but, it matched the tuna perfectly.  As I sampled tastes from everyone else's plates, it was clear that all the dishes were very well conceived.. . There are a number of aged cuts of prime beef from a variety of sources.  I chose a 28 day (I think!) dry aged NY Strip from Nebraska.  While it was very flavorful, this is where the .5 knockdown comes.  Just a wee bit past the medium rare I ordered.  At these prices and with Wolfgang Puck's name attached one certainly expects absolute perfection and this was a very slight misstep.  Normally, I would have sent it back but, we  were trying to make a 9:30 show so, that was not an option.. . Overall, I would not hesitate to return although I think next trip, I'll keep trying some of the other pricey steak joints in Vegas.  What the hey.... I like variety!
Loved Cut! Ate here on 11/25. Got the American Wagyu Ribeye and at $88 it was the best steak I've ever eaten. Based on yelp reviews, I was concerned about getting my medium rare and voiced this to our waiter. He assured me it would be fine and the steak came out beautiful. Unfortunately no pics as I was intent on getting that baby in my stomach. We got the creamed spinach, Yukon potatoes, and Brussels sprouts. The creamed spinach with the runny egg was my least favorite and I could've done without. But also consider I like my Brussels sprouts. There are a good variety of wine by glass and ranging from $14 to $25. You order on an iPad which was cool but really unnecessary. I finished my entire meal but not without some meat sweats and groaning as I trudged back to our room. . . Minus 1* based on price. Also in Vegas, there's always another steakhouse.
This place is extremely pricey, but it is a must try if you're a steak fan. I'm not a big fan of Wolfgang's restaurants, but this is my second favorite Wolfgang restaurant (Spago being my favorite). . First off, I must compliment the service. Our waiter and all of his helpers were extremely attentive and were able to make great recommendations - which was helpful since we didn't know what to order. . . I ended up getting the american wagyu filet , and my boyfriend ordered the beef tasting they had (it was about $140, for three very small, but very delicious pieces of meat). The steaks were great. I highly recommend getting the beef tasting that my boyfriend ordered because then you could compare between the different kinds of meat. I believe it came with a piece of pure kobe beef, Australian wagyu, and then one other cheaper cut.  We also got some sides. . . The wine list was very extensive, but our waiter was able to recommend some great wines. The one we ended up ordering was seriously the best wine I've ever had (I'm extremely sad that I can't remember the name of it!). . Anyways, if you have $400 to blow on dinner then go here!
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!. . Had a 6:30pm reservations for Christmas eve and was placed at the best seat in the house. We overlook the entire dining area, had a table for 6, for us two, in an area with huge dining table and lounge-y corner... LOVE IT!!. . The waiters are super helpful and  knowledgeable about the menu. Very good at explaining the meat cuts and were very attentive... Definitely one of the best service we have had in a very long time!. . For food, we ordered the kobe beef sashimi, tuna tartare, my bf had the steak tasting and i had the american wagyu mignon... and to top off we had bone marrow and potato puree as side... . . Everything was WOW, the tuna tartare had avocado on top which really works well and kobe sashimi.. YUM!!!.... The steaks were really good, melts and yummy.....except the bone marrow makes the steak a little too greasy (personal choice, shouldn't have gotten it! but that's my thought).... Lastly we got the banana creme pie... never had it, but loved it... we got 1 to share, should have really gotten 2!! haha.... . . Wish Wolfgang opens up CUT in NYC!!! would love to make another visit!!
Based on bar only.  The Vesper rocks!  Thank you Lindsay Whipple.
Very good meal. Liked the cocktails, loved the tuna. salad boring. had australian waghu beef - excellent, husband loved short ribs ... great roasted cauliflower side dish. desserts ok not bad not extraordinary. also VERY loud and very COLD . bring layers and expect toyell across the table to be heard (we were party of 4)
Ate at Cut on a Thursday night when I had 7 buddies in town for the NCAA tournament.  The food, as most of the yelpers indicate, was fantastic.  We got an array of appetizers, the pork belly was probably the run away winner.  The majority of us got the dry aged ribeye, which is smaller than the other option.  The flavor is much better on the dry aged version, it's worth the extra price and losing a little in terms of the size of the steak.  The service was excellent.  We never were wanting for a wine pour and our water glasses were never empty.  . . I will say that Carnevino is my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, with the riserva ribeye being my favorite steak ever.  This is also located in the Palazzo.  But, Cut is excellent, right up there with any steakhouse in the city.  If you are at Venetian or Palazzo, both Cut and Carnevino are highly recommended.  Keep in mind, Cut is expensive, so plan accordingly.
Yes I'm a meat lover.  Call me a caveman, I just love to eat a big juicy steak.   Being in Hawaii we are a little limited to steakhouses butI have been to most of them at least once.  Morton's, Hy's, DK's, Ruth Chris, and also other with steak like Kincaids, Shoreside Grill, and even Ruby Tuesdays.  Well, you get the jist.   I normally will opt for a Ribeye whenever possible and then maybe a NY or T-bone.  I like my meat to be juicy and have some fat so I normally don't get a filet.. . Being we were heading out for Vegas I wanted to have a date night with my wife and get a good steak.  I asked my friend, who is a seasoned chef.  He lived and worked in Vegas for some years after grad-ing from the CIA and working at the Greenbrier among many other accomplishments both abroad and at home.  I figured he'd be the best person to ask for an honest opinion.  He recommended a few places we could try but said if given the choice we should go to CUT.  That sealed it, CUT it was.  I checked Open Table to see if I needed to book way ahead but it seemed like we should be fine booking a day in advanced.  Great considering we hardly know where we will be in Vegas day to day and hour to hour.  Once we were out there and could plan our schedule, we were able to lock down a reservation that would work for us.. . We headed out a little early not know how long it would take me to find the parking garage and not know how far we would have to walk to get from the parking to the restaurant.  CUT is in the Palazzo hotel.  Parking was a breeze.  They had a guard asking where you were going so I guess maybe they restrict the parking to guest and customers.  We found a parking pretty close to the elevators which is amazing for a Vegas Casino.  Needless to say we had some time to explore before going to the restaurant.. . We had a reservation at 9 and got there about 10 minutes early.  They were pretty packed.  They didn't have a regular table open yet but did offer us a table off to the side in the lounge area.  We decided to wait for a regular table, not wanting to miss out on the whole steakhouse experience.  We did go to the bar to kill our 10 minutes.  One think that irritated me at the bar was when I asked the bartender what kind of beer they had he immediately stated that they don't carry anything domestic like Bud Light or Coors.  Did I f**king say that's what I wanted??  All he had to do was provide me their drink menu, which is on an iPad for customer use.  Snooty bartender,  he should be happy I payed for those drinks with my total bill and didn't have to tip him separate.. . Once seated we had the best service.  Our waiter was Chip and from what we saw, he was probably the head waiter as he was directing most of the other workers as he did his job.  He was very knowledgeable about their menu offerings and offered in-depth descriptions about everything they served.. . The menu was a head turner.  They had so many things that sounded delicious.  One of those places you wished you were with a large party so you could sample more.  We decided on the Warm Asparagus, Poached Organic Egg, Warm Bacon Vinaigrette on a focaccia bread as our appetizer.  Along with that we also got  to pick from their selection of homemade breads and also got a couple or long parmesan coated breadsticks and butter puffs, or something like that.. . For the main dish my wife got the Indian Spiced Kobe Beef shortribs which they slow cook for 8 hours.  They were very succulent and rich.  They had a distinct Indian flavor but not too overpowering.  It was also not very spicy at all.  The meat was so tender it was almost falling off the bone.  It was actually too much for my wife to finish.. . After Chip had explained the different lines of meats they carried I was sure I would need to get their sampler to get the best taste of what they had to offer.  I got their "Tasting of New York Sirloin Sampler".  It came with a 4oz of Snake River Farms American "Kobe" style beef, 4oz USDA Prime 35 day aged, and a 2oz of Blackmore Ranch Australian Wagyu.  It also came with a medley of different sauces and spices I could add to it.  None of which I needed to use.  They season their steaks with sea salt and black pepper.  It was seasoned perfectly so that the saltiness and pepper was not too overpowering and let the flavor of the beef shine through.  It tasted amazing.  And to be able to taste these 3 different lines of beef side by side really made it easy to see and taste the difference in quality.  All being top notch but clearly easy to rank.  Might make me come back for more Australian Wagyu on a future trip.  We also got a side of their mac and cheese that was suggested by the waiter.  Talk about rich and creamy, definitely a grown up mac and cheese.. . If you ever are in Vegas and in search of a great steakhouse.  Make sure to put cut on the shortlist.  You definitely won't be disappointed.  Happy eats!
It was the bone in rib eye illinois corn fed for me.  I requested rare, but I think I got something that was cooked a little more.  Other than that, it was still pretty good.. . I had a quick sampling of the nebraska version and it was definitely more tender and  tasty.. . Warm veal tongue, while it had a tongue texture/taste, I couldn't tell the difference if someone told me it was veal or non-veal.
On my drive up to Vegas I was thinking KOBE BEEF at Cut. So after the cocktail party was over we headed to Cut to chow down on some melt in your mouth steak. The following order was devouredwithout any guilt.. . . Kobe Steak Sashimi,. Warm Veal Tongue,. Bone Marrow Dumplings. How's that for jacking up your cholesterol. And it was just the beginning.. . Kobe Style" Beef From Snake River Farms, Idaho. Porterhouse 34 Oz* (For Two) but I ate it all.. Filet Mignon 6 Oz* Wagyu . . Brussels Sprouts, Smoky Bacon, Pearl Onions. Wild Field Mushrooms & Japanese Shishito Peppers. Soft Polenta with Parmesan. Cavatappi Pasta, "Mac & Cheese", Quebec Cheddar (really cheesy). . No desert for us, I rolled out of Cut stuffed like a pig.
Every time we hit Vegas, we want a better dining experience than our previous visit. That's a tough order considering our experience at Charlie Palmer Steak was 5 stars and one of the best dining experiences we've ever enjoyed. . . CUT is really expensive, let's get that out of the way now. If over the top expensive isn't for you, don't bother b/c who goes to a steakhouse to order the short ribs or the chicken, simply because it's affordable? . . Their hostess is cute as a button, but she makes Aubrey O'Day from Celeb Apprentice seem genuine. I mean, fake smile is standard, I get that, but this gal was just blowin' skirts up left n right.. . This place is all about service, food and apparently wine, but I don't drink b/c my boy is Bill W and all, so that's neither here nor there for me. Bobby,our very astute and proper waiter, offered up a few non alco beverages. A ginger-ale and pineapple number that was really good and a very VERY tart cranberry option. Both were a nice touch for peeps who don't get down with the booze. . . Before you actually order, they discuss the menu in great detail. Our waiter, Bobby, seemed a bit aggressive, but I think that's just b/c he knows his stuff and has a great understanding of the menu, so once we realized that, it was easier to understand the in your face approach. They have this giant plate, with a black napkin draped over it, loaded with all of their cuts of beef. They describe each in great detail and of course, attempt to get you to choose the most delicious, expensive cut. . . Bread: Numerous options, all made in house. . Cheese Puff: they have a technical fancy pants term for this, but it's a cheese puff and boy is it delightful!. . Foccacia: Caramelized onions infused in the soft and chewy bread, excellent. . Pretzel Bun: I had my doubts about this, but they were incredibly soft, chewy and also made in house. . Choice of Cow: 35 day aged Nebraska NY Sirloin and Ribeye, which Bobby helped us choose. . The meat was cooked to perfection, it was tender and juicy and succulent. Ribeye had a bit too much fat, but not a big deal. NY seemed to have less. They offer up a selection of house mustard (s) b/c apparently Wolfy loves to slather mustard on his steak. It's a nice touch, but I could do without b/c the dry rub they offer is very tasty. . . Sides are not included, but we had to get sides. . . Mac n Cheese: gooey, delicious and it is served piping hot. Eat it fast b/c the cheese starts to dry up and get gummy pretty fast. . . Fingerling potatoes: are served with roasted onions and my favorite, slab bacon! Like large cubes of fatty swine, so delicious and just melt in your mouth goodness. . . We had to pass on dessert b/c we killed every bite of dinner, but the dessert menu does look desirable. Bobby one upped himself and brought out a few nibblets of goodness. . . Choco: Rich, creamy dark chocolate ganache over graham cracker crust. Very rich, but very good.. . Caramel: This was heavenly. It was like a tiny bite of pecan pie mixed with nut brittle and I loved it. Nice and sticky and oh so scrumptious! . . That's a wrap and if you made it this far down the page, thanks for reading my novel. Cheers mate!
I went here for my bachelor party. The steak selection was amazing! The service was five-star all the way. We brought a nice bottle of Bordeaux to celebrate and the sommelier took great care to decant and prep the bottle table side. The corking fee was $50, but when we received the bill the sommelier has waived the corking fee. . . The meal was excellent - the kind of meal you expect from a steakhouse like Cut. The sides were very good. I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes, but in hind sight I should have ordered the mac-n-cheese - not because the potatoes were bad, but because the mac-n-cheese was amazing. . . The bone in Rib Eye was a little too much meat for me to handle and I needed to take some home with me. But if you're in the mood for a nice portion of excellent beef, I would recommend it. . . At the end of the meal, the chef prepared a complimentary dessert for me as congratulations. . . The decor was modern but not over done and the seating was completely ergo-dynamic - which did not go unnoticed by my table. . . All-in-all, Cut is the type of place I would go to for any occasion, but bring an appetite and your checkbook.
Let's get started w. my last review from Yelp Elite Spring Break 2012...... wwoohooooooo.....  bitter sweet!. . Right off the back, OVER THE TOP  SERVICE!!!!  The service here definitely deserves 5 stars, but not the rest. . . The bone marrow with the mushroom thing on the side was SO GOOD!  It's nothingyou've ever had in your life before. The bread was also toasted perfect, which complement the texture of the bone marrows perfectly. I, however, just eat the bone marrow straight up!. . My bf and I also got the ox tail soup..... he says it tastes like something I know how to make.... which is kinda true, except I don't purify my soup @ all.  The soup was like 3 stars; nothing spectacular at all. . . Steak is next on the menu. We ordered porter house, so that we can share and compare it with the ones we had a Mastro's & Ruth Chris'. I didn't really like it because they let their steak sit. The FOBBINESS in me has to have everything pipping hot to taste fresh and good, so not my kinda stuff. The steak also tastes a little flavorless..... It doesn't have the deep meaty flavor that I excepted and got from Mastro's age beef. . . The steak also came with 3 different kind of freshly made mustard, a French sea salt, a hollandaise sauce, and another sauce.  I don't know, that's just too many sauce for me to think about with my meat!  I just want MEAT and good tasting MEAT, so all those sauce just ain't giving the steak it's day to shine!. . On to the sides, we got sauteed mushroom, which is unlike the usual sauteed mushroom you get.  The mushroom are wild mushrooms, so it's very different. And, too much butter for me. We also got potatoes as one of our sides, which I had none cause I don't eat pork (sorry to all those I offended).   . . In summery, VERY FANCY kinda place, VERY OVER THE TOP SERVICE & PRICE TAG.  Nonetheless, if it's just about the steak, I would still give the award to Mastro's!
Cut was pretty good, but not amazing.  We ordered the American Wagyu steaks, and they were good, but overdone (more medium than midrare, as ordered).  I was also surprised that the presentation was not better.  We essentially got a steak on a big white plate.  Sides came in a white bowl.  Was surprised to have to pay for water for the table, but was the cheapest part of the meal :)  Food was pretty good, but I wouldn't say it was the best steak I've ever had.  Tuna tartare appetizer was phenomenal.. . Service was outstanding, probably the best I've ever had.  They brought a wrong side, and gave it to us free, and quickly brought out what we had ordered.. . So you have idea of price....it ended up being nearly $500 for two people, including a $120 bottle of wine, one appetizer, two steaks, two sides, two bottles of water, and $75 tip.  No dessert.
Came here with the BF on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend.  We made reservations for about 10:30pm and the place still had a nice number of people inside but it wasn't crowded at all.. . My feedback is as follows:. . Service = service was impeccable and lived up to what you expect giving the reputation of the restaurants.  Our waiter did an excellent job explaining the different cuts of meat.  Our water glasses were never empty and the table was always kept clean.  I got a kick out of the iPad menu and ended up playing it with it more than I needed to. . . Food taste/quality = Everything was so delicious!  We ordered:. . - Glazed pork belly. - Bone marrow flan. - Bone-in rib eye w/extra marrow on top. - Miso Glazed salmon. - Creamed spinach w/egg (a little too watery). - Crown & Coke. - Lots of Love martini . - Kettle One Tonic. . Total with tip = $240.00. . The only complaint that we had about the food was that when we added the additional marrow to the steak, it was too heavy due to the fatty content and texture.  After a few bites, we almost needed to scrape the rest off to work on the steak.. . All-in-all, the place lived up to the expectations.  I have had my fair share of experiences at steakhouses.  While this wasn't the absolute best, it was still very good.
Why I like cut!. . We went there last night for dinner to celebrate our friends birthday and I wanted to try a new experience that was well recommended!  CUT fit the bill!. . 1.  Service - 5 Star.  Very proactive, a whole team to help you, support you and to give you suggestions. Very knowledgeable and helpful when you cannot pick that right cut of meat.. . 2.  Bread and Water - Nah, you are not in prison.  But the bread they come out with is really great and of course you have your choice of ice water (tap water) or bottled.  We're local so we stayed with the ice water.  But, the bread is really great. What was it, not sure... Yet, I give it 5 stars.. . 3.  The Food - . . Bone Marrow Flan and Steak Tartare - OK, we were being a bit risky with these two and they were simply awesome. The flan was moist nuggets of marrow that you put onto thin pieces of toasted bread.  The steak tartare was so delicious. 5 stars. . Kobe Beef Short Ribs - Great flavor, not so great texture. I actually thought the indian spices on this were a good mix, and I like indian spices.  However, the texture of the meat was more crock pot vs. slow braised.  Meah, I have to give this two star.. . Bone in Filet Mignon - Now, how many times can you say you had a bone in Filet?  Sure for a rib eye or other cuts, yet I never had it in a Filet. Ourfriends had this and I have to say, that this is 4 star for sure. . . The ambiance here is very nice, elegant, yet comfortable. You do feel that you are seated in an open area due to the seating arrangements, so it seems less intimate, however, the lighting and all makes it just right.  The place is a bit noisy due to the loud music that they pipe in, otherwise, nice. 4 start here.. . Price wise, the place is typical of a strip steak place, expensive.  Worth it overall.
Ultimate service from this Wolfgang Puck Steakhouse in the Palazzo.  Very cool atmosphere, wine and drink lists on iPads, they bring out the cuts of meat for you too look at so you know what you are choosing.  Diverse appetizers and salads, but for main courses, if you do beef, stick with that.  They do it really good.  Would recommend to anyone, but it is upper priced compared to most.
continuing my steakhouse journey through Las Vegas, CUT was next on the list.. . overall, i enjoyed the experience.  everything from the drinks to the service was all top notch.  there was one minor annoyance I'll get to later.. . Drinks:. Fantastic cocktails.  Expensive? Yes.  Delicious? Yes!. I had the Pepino's Revenge which was Patron Silver, Cucumber, Basil, and Lime Juice.  The Samurai Sword was Yamazaki 12, Cointreau, Honey Simple Syrup, and Ginger.  Both were wonderful.. . Appetizer:. I started with the Bone Marrow Flan on the recommendation from the server.  It was very tasty.  I also had a bite of the Maple Pork Belly that was pretty good as well.. . Entree:. Bone-in Ribeye.  I've never had a bad steak in Vegas and that streak continues.  Cooked perfectly.  It was a very nice piece of beef.. . Sides:. I look forward to the sides going to these places more than the steak itself.  It's weird, but whatever.  We ordered a boatload of sides.  The mac and cheese came in first place.  that is a must try, IMO.  the polenta was very good a well.  there were a couple others not as notable as the two above.  the only one i really didn't care for was the mushrooms and japanese peppers.  the mushrooms were good, but the peppers had a unique taste that just didn't do it for me, but to each their own.
Food quality and pricing are similar...but you pay for what you get....service is wonderful...
4 stars from me as we had an issue with the sommelier, . And there seems to be a disconnect from the front of the house (hostesses, bar) with the dining room.. . Basically the Sommelier was a total bi#*h.  She sent out a weird Chablis (?) after we rejected the first 2 tastes, and had clearly stated we wanted to start with a white, (we like Sancerre, Pouilly-Fumes, Entre-Deux-Mers or a Gavi), then maybe a red with our main course.. . We realized she had been our cocktail server in the bar, while we were waiting for our table. (strange? yes...). She was SO rude to us out there; I got really nervous that this dinner was going to be an expensive disaster.. Thankfully it wasn't.. . The wait staff is AMAZING. . The restaurant is gorgeous, comfortable, perfect lighting. . Servers are warm, friendly, articulate, really top notch. The food was delicious. (not the BEST meal I have ever had, like some reviewers) but really well done.. . The pork belly was really f*#king good.. . So I'm not sure where the disconnect is.... The Sommelier never came to our table to ask us what we like, or explain why she thought some of the wines she sent out would be a better pairing with our salad....so we took it as snub since we had already made her "lovely" acquaintance in the bar.. . We do not even pretend to be wine experts, but we travel a lot and know what flavors we like. . I just think if you are going to have specialty food and an extensive wine list, the sommelier or the wine experience should be on par with everything else.. . Our waiters were really amazing and made up for any faux pas we experienced.. I would defiantly go back and recommend.
Excellent food and service - their 9  oz Wagyu (American Kobe style)  rib eye steak is almost too big to finish since it's so marbled with fat., like eating a standard 16 oz steak. Their other main dishes are also excellent including Dover Sole, Maine lobster, etc.  I love their coffee/doughnut dessert, along with their Banana Creme pie - second only to Emeril's (sorry!), and their warm chocolate souffle.
I've been here many time the steaks are always amazing the American waygu the best. The Mac and cheese is my favorite I could eat it all day, appetizers aren't the greatest and the banana cream pie is to die for. The only thing that bothered me when I got there was the head hostess was snobby and rude and didn't want to take my reservation for a guest who stays there and is a gold member and always spends an easy $600 at your restaurant I felt I should of been taken more seriously other than that the meal made up for her attitude.
nothing overly special, when comparing to other top end steakhouses.. . Its been a few months since I went to CUT, so I wont give a detailed review, I'll just post my overall feelings and things that stood out.. . First off, the service was awesome at first and then started fading away towards the end. When I go to top-end steak-houses, I expect top notch service and was not failed for the first 3/4 of our dining experience. But on the back end, the attentiveness wasnt there once our main course was served (he quit filling our wine for us, took a while to clear the plates, took even longer bring dessert menu, took a LONG time to bring check). And we had a later reservation, so it wasnt like he was in the weeds.. . The crab and shrimp appetizer was good, but nothing outstanding. The Asparagus app was very good though. The butter lettuce salad was just ok to me. Im not a fan of the blue cheese with a vinaigrette salad, but the gf wanted it. My opinion on this is purely just my palate...Im sure other would think it was very good.. . The steak...was ok...good, but nothing special (at this price point). I actually enjoy steaks at some other places better (craftsteak, for instance). It was cooked perfectly, but I didnt really care for the lack of seasoning. I know some will argue that point, but that was my main problem with the steak, it lacked seasoning that really brings out the flavors. I suppose its better than over seasoning though.. . Our sides were the mac and cheese (outstanding!!!!) and some roasted corn or something like that. The mac and cheese was absolutely fantastic and I would go back just for that, but the corn was disappointing. It had some of the hard parts of the cob still attached. while I appreciate the effort of freshly peeled corn, I guess I just wanted to see it done well.. . . Overall, I enjoy trying different steakhouses and this place ranks with the others in their price point. It wasnt my favorite, but it was still good. If you are a steakhouse fan like me, its worth trying out.
Even though this was a near record setting dinner ($$$$) for my husband and me, it was ALMOST worth every penny!  The steaks were some of the best we've ever had, EVER... and we eat at a lot of great steakhouses!  They are smoky and delicious.  My filet melted in your mouth, and people will say that all the time about steaks, but I mean LITERALLY disappeared in my mouth.  It was unbelievably delicious.  Herbed fries were a great side to share, beet salad was a good starter.  My only complaint is the wine list, they really could use some more moderately priced options.  There is NOTHING reasonable on that wine list.  The bartender, Chip, made awesome cocktails and was extremely knowledgable about wines and spirits.  All in all, an amazing dining experience.
Awesome food and service another Wolfgang Puck restaurant delight! Ate here with large sales account the steak was tender yummy. Only thing super expensive figure at least 200-400 bucks for two people to eat well.
Had Thanksgiving dinner at CUT.  As expected in a premium steakhouse in Las Vegas, the service was superior.  The whole staff is just right.  Not too overbearing or annoying.  They are prompt, courteous, professional.  The waiter directed his attention to me rather than my hot date that accompanied me.  This display of class and politeness didn't go unnoticed.  The steak was cooked perfect.  The chocolate mousse cake for dessert was excellent.  They even brought my girl a little birthday dessert with a candle.  CUT has been featured as one of the top 3 steakhouses in Las Vegas and there was alot of hype and buildup going into this place prior to my dining experience.  I think that's where I deduct one star was because the hype was so great.  Don't get me wrong, everything was extraordinary but I guess it's kind of like when a movie comes out and everybody raves about how it's so "great" then when I finally see it I just think it's ok.
good steak food.  Good service, expected for this tier of restaurant.
Our whole game plan for New Year's in Vegas was to stay near our hotel and avoid the madness on the strip, so thank God Cut is located in the Palazzo!  I've dined here a couple times before and each time was a hit!. . Ambiance: very modern and nice. . Service: while our waiter was really good, the restaurant itself gave us a huge problem adding 3 more to our party.  We were told repeatedly they didn't have any room, but when we sat down there was plenty of tables to accommodate our party, and they were empty the entire time we were there! Our waiter was nice enough to add extra seats to our table though. . Food: ALL the steak here is amazing, whatever cut you go with, I guarantee you will love it!  If you are not a steak lover, their chicken is pretty amazing too, as is their sea bass.  You cannot go wrong!. The only qualm I have is with the side dishes...besides the truffle mac and cheese, the other side dishes were not worth the money and just kind of blah tasting. . If you come here be prepared to pay $$$$ but you get excellent food in return!
bread and the cheese puffs at the beginning were so yummy, don't be afraid to ask for more. . if you go with Japan wagyu kobe, just get the 2 oz one which was just perfect for me.  These are so fatty, marbled that anymore would be too much and ruin the good thing, IMHO.
One of the best steak I has ever had.  Very pricey here, but it's totally worth it. =)
The CUT beats Craft out in terms of atmosphere and comfort (at least in Vegas). The tables aren't as tight, the service is a bit more on point and I do get a kick out of seeing the bits of cow before it goes in to get cooked. We tried the bone in ribeye and the wagyu tasting trio. Considering how small the pieces of the trio look, you will get full since the ounces do add up. It's hard to eat wagyu while you're eating anything else- the marble meat just melts in your mouth and makes all other meats feel tough and blah. Fatty fatty wagyu, what have you done to me? . . The steaks were good (even the ribeye was decadent the next day, cold but delicious). However if I were to compare the quality, I would say that steakwise, Craft edges out ahead. I felt their cuts were cooked to more of a flavorful end. The ribeye was a little dry (I got medium) and the wagyu was good but lacked the umph that I got from Craft's fabulous skirt. (The Craft's ribeye was good too, but the skirt was amazing for the price.). . Sides were typical, water was refilled and we had a good dining experience. The place gets filled up after 7:30 so reservations are recommended!
The food was UNBELIEVABLE!!!! The best steak I have ever had; however the place is pricey!  My husband and I SHARED a salad, a bottle of wine, the N.Y. sampler (with an additional 2 oz. of Kobe) and the Mac &amp; Cheese side (the waiter told us that truffles were available and did we want them on the mac &amp; cheese... what he didn't tell us was that they would add $85. to the price (making our side dish cost over $100!)). Our bill came to just under $500. (mind you we shared/split everything). .   The service and environment were less than I would have expected when spending that type of money for a meal, that is why I give them 4 stars instead of 5. I had to ask 3 times to get additional butter for the WONDERFUL breads that we were served and the place was EXTREMELY noisy, .    I will visit again and encourage everyone to try the Japanese Kobe at least once in their lifetime.
I'm always hesitant about celebrity chefs' restaurants. I hate being disappointed so I walked into CUT with medium expectations. Thankfully, we had an excellent experience and I'm happy to give it 4 stars.. . + easy to book via opentable (do so more than a week in advanced otherwise you'll be eating at 6pm or 930pm). + great service throughout (they called to confirmour reservation; i ended up cancelling it online because i was still stuck on the runway at LAS airport; then i got to the hotel with 15-minutes to spare and called them and they gave me back my reservation; also the dining staff was spot on and very attentive). + a few little starters - cheesy breadsticks, bread basket, cheese puff (all complimentary). +/- i wasn't that impressed with the american waygu but we got the porterhouse for 2 (30oz...i do agree with other reviewers that the filet was so much better than the new york side). + lots of sauces (complimentary mustards, house steak sauce and a bearnaise sauce). - didn't need the $2 wasabi butter sauce. + best polenta, EVER. +/- creamed spinach with a sunny side up egg that's mixed in table side (interesting, but not sure i'd order it again). +/- great beer selection but very pricey. + small desserts, also complimentary. + lovely to go bag that i devoured later that night haha
ordered ribeye (no bone) at the cut.  it was good, but not excellent. perhaps should've ordered the ribeye bone (can't recall if it's even in the menu).  they gave a tray of breads to choose from.  took two, they were excellent.  got a red wine to complement (based on their recommendation).. . The steak was not as juicy as it could be, given the stature of the place, but it was nonetheless very good.  Service was excellent (at least compare to delmonico if you're in the venetian-palazzo vicinity).
Awesome wagyu filet. Mmmmm. Had a delicious specialty drink too. Probably won't ever pay that much again for dinner though, could have bought me a nice pair of shoes.
I had dinner here last weekend. . . First of all, the service here is amazing. We actually couldn't get reservations for the main dining room-last minute decision to go-but we were able to get a reservation for the bar. Didn't even feel like we were at the bar-our server was so awesome. . . We started with the bone marrow flan. Oh my gawd. Must try!! It was so good!!! Presentation was beautiful, too. It came with slices of brioche so you could smear the delectable bone marrow on it. The brioche looked like small triangles of wonder bread, but definitely did not taste like cheap wonder bread. I'm sure a stick of butter was used on each slice, but it was delish! The bone marrow-delish!! . . Then we had the pork belly. Sweet and smoky. Very tender. Another must try! . . Then for our main entree, my friend and I both got the Tasting of New York Sirloin. The USDA prime was very tender and delish. The Japanese Wagyu-AMAZIING. so tender. Melted in my mouth. But I've never had it before, so I might sound a little over zealous. But seriously, amazing. Too bad the tasting only comes with 2 ounces of it. The American Wagyu. Meh. I didn't even finish it. I prob should've ate it first, not last. Haha. The Japanese Wagyu put it to shame. We also ordered the creamed spinach with fried organic egg. Yumm. Great complement. . . Overall, great experience. But if I come back, I'll have to save up and get a normal size portion of the Japanese Wagyu. Mmmmmm. So good!
I was pleasantly surprised at how much better the ribeye was as compared to CUT-Beverly Hills.  Service here was excellent and my steak was prepared perfectly and tasted way better than the one I had in BH.  The sides were also excellent.  Atmosphere is relaxed and enjoyable.   Would go back anytime though not to the one in BH.
This is the second time I visited Cut and both times have been very good experiences - once in the restaurant and once just at the bar for some appetizers. The food is as you would expect, inventive and adventurous. Not everyday you get to try steak of this quality. . It is missing the fifth star because the food, while very good, it isn't THE best in Vegas. Also, the service is very, very Vegas - snooty without class, make you wait in line outside the club even though their is no one inside kind of crap. Not everyone there is like that, but enough of them are (especially at the hostess stand) to make it annoying.
I came here with a group of 8 friends celebrating our graduation from MBA school. Even though this is a classy place, its vegas so of course I walked in with a bud light in my hand. I didn't get any strange looks which was nice so I appreciated that. I arrived about 15 minutes late and the waiter was still able to get my order in on time, so even though this place is an expensive dining experience, there still not so stuck up to accommodate you.. . We weren't able to get a seat in the restaurant because they couldn't accommodate our size so be careful if you have more than 8 people, you'll likely be sitting in the lounge area. The guy I was sitting next to ordered the Waygu sampler and I received the NY strip from Nebraska, medium rare.. . The steaks were prepared to the right tenderness so no complaints. One strange thing I found is they do a seared crispy steak on top and generously season with Salt. Perhaps some people like it that way, but I wasn't one of them.. . As a steak aficionado, I thought the steak place in the San Francisco bay area to be better. For instance, the waygu at Alexander's was far above the quality of the steak here. But overall, it was still a good experience.
One of the best steak houses I've been to.  Your wallet will definitely pay for the experience, but it's completely worth it. LV has a slu of fantastic restaurants and CUT does not disappoint.
One of the best steaks I've had.  had the rib eye.. it was one of the most tender rib eye steaks I've had.  Corn / cream spinach side dishes were great.  Some of my friends had the filet mignon and they weren't terrible impressed with it.  but... this is about what I ate and i thought my meal was amazing.
The 10 of us came strolling in with our bowties/ties and suspenders at the behest of the bachelor's theme request for the evening's festivities. I was expecting a primo steak warmly coddled in the hands of what I heard were first rate staff. Suffice it to say I was not disappointed with the overall experience.. . We had ordered a few of the appetizers but I didn't try them so I'll move straight to the main event. I ordered the Petit Cut Filet Mignon(8oz), U.S.D.A Prime, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days, medium rare and it was slightly less pink than I would have liked but the quality of the meat was superb. I had ordered one of the many optional sauces(Armagnac & Green Peppercorn) which I wasn't too impressed with even though our waiter had touted it was made with over 30 ingredients. More is not always better, at least when it comes to sauces?. . The table ordered several side dishes(White corn, Roasted fingerling potatoes, Wild Field Mushrooms) which were all excellent.. . Throughout our meal, the wait staff were demure and yet tastefully attentive. To be frank, I would give the service a slightly higher rating than the food but we all know it's not just about the food when seeking an exquisite dining experience.
Really a 4 1/2.  Sat at the bar and Damien was the bartender.  Ordered a Ketel One up cold three olives, very good.  They bring over a bread selection and had the wheat and pretzel breads, very good.  Then the best part, ordered the short rib with Indian spices and the root veggie side.  Seriously, both were awesome.  The Indian spice wasn't spicy just flavorful and the short rib fell apart with a fork.  So tender!  Had a glass of the Twenty Bench cab with it. When dessert came up I opted out for a drink instead.  They have a ton of unique bourbon's, whisky's, and many many scotch choices.  I went for the Pappy Van Winkle in an Old Fashioned.  This stuff is so hard to find but they finished that bottle and opened another.  The fact that they had a another was surprising.  Great drink.  Finally, a single espresso shot.  Good service, nice ambiance, and phenomenal food.  Puck is still pulling it off.
Impeccable service! The manager Gianni, very personable and knowledgeable! He answered all my questions in depth. I definitely learned a lot about steak from him! Will definitely come back to try the sampler steak entree!!!
Overall experience was really good. The service was impressive, the dessert is really good. The steak is average. The New York was tough with silver lining and tendon. The Kobe was so so expensive but didn't wow me at all.
My wife and I, along with a couple friends went here to celebrate a birthday. I like to rate all food items on a 5 star scale. The number of * after the item is my rating.. . What we ordered: . Apps: Maple Glazed pork belly**** and caesar salads***(typical salad) . Entree: USDA Prime- NY Sirloin 10 oz. **** and USDA Prime- Petite cut filet mignon 8oz.**** . Sides: Roasted fingerling potatoes***, Cavatappi pasta*****(must have), and Sweet white corn****.. . Positives: . Food- Steaks very good and the Cavatappi pasta (like a mac n' cheese) was excellent. Atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable. . Service was excellent.. We were 15 minutes early for our reservation but they sat us right away.. They brought out a free dessert for the birthday. . . . Negatives (this is me being picky):. Sides are on the smaller side to share between 4 people.. Very expensive (but you get what you pay for).. . I am a local of Las Vegas and would return here again for a special occasion. Anyone coming to Vegas for a vacation this is a must eat place.. . Overall rating 4.5.
I thought this place was delicious! We had a ton of appetizers, which honestly I can't remember specifically but it was good. As for the meat - I had ribeye wagyu, kobe, and bone in. All were great but wagyu was hands down my favorite.. . as for sides, we had mac n cheese and potatoes. both great.. . bring your wallet! This place isn't cheap, but so worth it.
Let me preface this review by saying I really struggle giving 4 stars. Yes, the food was good, and the service was great, but I just don't think you get a good value at CUT. There are better places nearby with equally good food and better atmosphere. So here's the info:. . Allergen info - I'm gluten free (BF is not) and they were amazing about all my questions. The server knew exactly what I could have, and every time they brought my BF bread (which was insanely often), they were apologetic that it had gluten in it. . . Atmosphere - Yes, as other posters state, it's quite chic looking inside. But it's also very LOUD. Like super loud. Like so loud even the waiter can't hear you. And they have you look at an iPad for drinks, which seemed interesting at first but was really just kind of cheesy. . . Steaks - I had the Illinois petite filet and BF had the Nebraska ribeye. Both were cooked perfectly with excellent texture and flavor (although my filet was a bit too salty from the rub).. . Sides - The polenta was delicious with so much cheesy goodness. I could've made a meal out of it alone. The broccoli was outstanding! It had just a hint of a kick from red peppers. Soooo yummy.. . Wine - selection was average but a bit pricy, even for Vegas. They had too few bottle choices under $100. Variety overall was just too limited. . . Service - was excellent. You never wondered if they were going to fill your glass. They were just there! We definitely felt well taken care of. . . Extras - we chose not to have dessert, but we were pleasantly surprised when they brought out some little bites with the check. They brought gluten-filled ones for my BF and brought me a little scoop of sorbet. It was great. . . All in all, the meal was great, but there are so many places that are a notch above it in a city like Vegas. I give it an A, but the ambience definitely knocks it down a peg. For my money, I'd rather go back over to delmonico's just across the path for an A+ experience.
I've been to a lot of steakhouses, coming to vegas 4-5 times per year will do that. I have stayed on this property many times, but never made it to CUT. I have been missing out, I will be back. We came with a rather large group, I believe there were 7 of us. I had a steak the night before, so I was going to avoid steak at CUT. As soon as I saw the menu diversity and all of the great Kobe options I opted to get yet another steak. I was surprised at the quality and service of this establishment. . . My only complaint were most of the sides were quite small, and not all that great, but the salad and steak were excellent. I will come back.
